I entered my sister's bedroom one morning. I was all by myself, and curious - I thought it might be fun to go through her personal belongings. Maybe I could wear some of her clothes, jewellery, check out her scarfs and dresses, and try on some of her makeup. After all, I had already made use of her husband, Raj - why not use her other possessions as well?
I had just bathed and changed into a pair of blue jeans and a white top - a little cropped one I used to wear all the time. It would drive boys crazy even when I wore a bra with it. It showed off my bare ribs, my lower back, and it was so fitted you could appreciate the whole outline of my chest. Of course when I didn't wear a bra I looked super hot - my nipples would look like hard bullets and you could properly appreciate the roundness and fullness of my young breasts.
It was so warm in my sister's bedroom, even with the fans on. I stood there, in her chamber, wondering how much Honey had changed since marriage. She used to be so immature; so girly. And now here was this double bed - that she and Raj shared every night - neatly done the maid - plus an armchair, a dressing table and a chest of drawers.
I brushed my hair, which is shoulder-length, and idly checked out her braclets. I put a pair of gold ones on. I did not need to wear makeup myself - my eyes were dark enough, cheeks well-coloured, lips naturally pink - but I enjoyed applying a bit of Honey's mascara. It made my lashes look longer. I felt more grownup. Then I took Honey's lipstick - a red one - and applied a little of that. You know what red lips look like? A girl's pussy lips that's what.
It was a highly sensual experience - maybe in my subconscious I was connecting it to the nights I'd spent with Raj. Maybe I was just horny. Maybe a girl likes having her lips tickled. But I sat there looking at myself, admiring myself; my lips so kissable, and my chest, perky in the tight, white material - I had not worn a bra, or knickers for that matter. Oh gosh it was getting so warm - I stood up quickly and positioned myself under the fan. I could never get used to this heat in India. I put one hand up inside my top. Wow, my boob was firm and yet squishy. It felt so soft too - yummy.
Next I walked over to the chest of drawers. The top one contained all her delicates: white bras and panties, one or two black bras, one ivory coloured with black straps - and a few nighties of various colours. I picked up one of her bras - a white lace-frilled, cotton 'Wonderbra' - quite nice. I checked the size. 34D. She has always been bigger than me - taller, faster, prettier (or so I thought), and a nicer bum and boobs. But maybe, maybe now I was a fully grown girl, maybe now I am just as busty. I'm certainly not chubby like she is - I am dainty and thin in the right places / big in the right places. I cannot resist the temptation - I quickly whip off my top and try her bra on.
The cup seems about right; my breasts are well supported, but it's still quite lose compared to my own bras. I enjoy wearing hers though. A lot. I return to the dresser and sit down in front of the mirror. I look at the bra from all angles. I move my long black hair out the way and bunch it for a moment behind my neck. I like the look of me like that - pretty armpits exposed, soft flesh, and long neck shown off, back arched, tits pert... I begin to feel something between my legs - a tingly, yummy feeling, the beginnings of a sensation. I squirm a little bit in my tight jeans. I wriggle. Mmmm, the tightness is helping stimulate my clitoris. I see my cheeks getting flush. I return to my position beneath the fan.
Next, in her lower draws I find chunis and handkerchiefs, and something odd - a pair of black elbow length gloves. Obviously no one needs gloves in Agra. I wonder if Raj likes to see her wear them - I imagine for a moment Honey in a lengha and these gloves, and nothing else. Mmmm, I feel excited. I look in her bottom drawer, beneath a rainbow selection of sarees, I here find something quite unexpected. It is a hard, white vibrator, about six inches long. I put it back quickly - fut a fut. I laugh. I can't believe she has one. I've never seen one. I've never felt one. I can't help but take it out again.
What if they come home unexpectedly? I begin to hyperventilate and tremble a little - the danger, the excitement! I sit back in front of the mirror, on the stool, and turn the sex toy onto its lowest setting. I laugh as it vibrates in my hand. Wow. What shall I do? I instinctively put it to my lips. My lipstick smears on the end a little. This is highly erotic. I put the tip of my tongue on it. I wonder if she's washed it. Oh my god, maybe it's my imagination but can I taste her on the vibrator? Something bodily and organic. I take it deeper into my mouth. Yes, I definitely taste her all over the plastic - salty, sweaty, fragrant cunt juice...oh no, my, wow, why am I sucking it like this - deep into my mouth, licking it, sucking it? Do I want to lick my sister out? No, I don't think so, but it is taboo; it is erotic - I don't think sex toys are even legal in India!
Scared that I might be surprised by my sister or jijaji coming home unexpectedly I turn off the noisy a/c unit. The fans stop. Now, although boiling hot in the room, I will at least hear the door. I can always take another shower. I'll probably need one. I return to the stool in front of the dresser mirror.
Now I get down to some kinky play - I unhook my sister's bra and watch it slip off my shoulders. I stare at my big chest. My nipples are big too. I return the toy to my mouth and close my eyes, imagining it is Raj - all the time I am wriggling in my jeans, endeavouring to rub my clit against the denim. I have cum this way before but it's a frustrating, difficult task. The wet tip of the vibrator I move along my body, down to my nipple. 'Oh,' I say aloud, as the moist vibrator stimulates me there. I stimulate the other nipple. 'Oh, ah,' I say. I feel myself cuming. By now I'm sweating - the base of my spine, my armpits, even my breasts are moist with perspiration. I look at myself. I perform and tease even myself, pushing my chest out, nibbling the toy, rubbing it over my breasts several times, pretending I am in a blue movie. I put one hand over my crotch, but I can hardly feel myself. I am imprisoned in thick jeans. Looking at myself is making me wildly horny.
So I unbutton my jeans and edge them down an inch. Not enough. Two inches. It is very hard because they're sticking to me. I then push the vibrator down into my jeans so it is flush against the lips of my pussy. I have to push down hard. I then switch on the vibrator. 'Uh, uh, oh, oh,' I moan, all the time watching myself in the mirror - my squirming, perfect, toples, hot body. 'Oh gosh, oh my god, fuck,' and I rub the shaking toy between my pussy lips, in me, inside the tip goes. It is a weird, new sensation. But I am still frustrated, unable to open my thighs sufficiently, unable to insert the toy as deep as I want. I must quench this hungry lust.
I know what I have to do - I must push my jeans right down. I resolve to do this, but just as I am about to push my jeans down further, down below my knees, I hear the front door open; someone is in the hall.
Oh shit! I pull my jeans as quickly as my shaking fingers will allow. I search for my top, and hastily put it on. I grab Honey's toy and manage to shut it back into her dresser, but her bra - I haven't time to return that also, because all of a sudden Raj is standing in the doorway, facing me...
What must Raj be seeing? My face is flush, red, hot, embarrassed, guilty, horny. He flicks on the fan and says; 'What are you doing in here? Why is the fan off?' He wants to ask other questions but he's waiting for my reply, and he's looking me up and down. I don't reply. He loses his patience and snaps at me; 'Meena!' he says, 'what have you been doing?' For I moment I forget we are lovers, Jijaji and sister - he is an uncle or father figure admonishing me. I am shy, childish, shamed.
He ogles my breasts. I am mortified - my nipples are clear as daylight poking massive dents in my tiny top. I have my sister's make up on. Her bra is in my hand. I am breathing fast. I am wet between my legs. But most of all my top - so skimpy and shameless. He would have every right to chastise me.
'You have Honey's makeup on.'
I nod.
'You look...interesting.'
He is loving this. He walks around me. He is inspecting me. He has the upper hand.'You've been playing games - dressing up?' he says.
I nod.
'Okay. That's okay...' Raj is thinking, then he adds, 'let me see you in it then.'
I am silent. 'Meena - let me see how you look in it.'
'What? In what?'
He nods his head towards my hand - I am still holding Honey's white bra.
'No.'
'Put it on, Meena.'
'No.'
Put it on now - Honey's bra.'
'How do you know it's not mine?'
'Because...' At this point Raj steps close to me, and he touches my face, he strokes my cheek, 'because that bra is my favourite.'
I pause for a minute. I don't know what to do. But Raj is looking at me so intensely, I feel a little bit intimidated. I feel vulnerable. 'What if she comes home?' I say.
Raj reaches over and flicks off the air conditioning. The flat is silent again. 'Put the bra on,' he says, 'now'.
I stand in front of my brother in law, eyes to eyes, and I boldly pull off my top - over my head. He keeps his eyes on mine, remarkably, and I hastily put my sister's bra on. It takes only a second; it's clipped and snug around my chest. It seems to fit perfectly now. He stares at me, at my face and at my sister's bra. After what seems like an eternity he speaks.
'It looks so nice on you, Meena...better even than on Honey. You are lovely.'
I begin to feel more in control. 'I'm fitter,' I say. 'I'm not as fat.'
'You are amazing...' he struggles for the words... 'it fits you perfect. Sit down.'
I sit down in front of the mirror again and Raj kneels down behind me. He rests his hands on my hips and strokes my sides. 'Your skin is so soft.' He is stroking my ribs and tummy from behind. I feel his hot breath of my back. I see by the reflection that he's taken off his kurta top. Now he is massaging my shoulders. I close my eyes. I try not to think about what we are embarking upon. I just concentrate on the sensations I am feeling, and the aching, longing, lust between my legs.
Raj is kissing my neck - warm, wet kissing, and his hands are on my hips. I know he wants to push my jeans down. I make it easier for him. I reach down and unbutton them - unzip them. I sit up slightly. And whoosh - Raj has pushed them down off my bottom. They are down to my knees. I cannot move. He is now kissing my shoulders and my neck, and moving my hands behind my back. I feel something soft on my wrists. My eyes are still closed. He's doing something...it's like I am dreaming.
When I open my eyes I see my reflection - I am sitting with no jeans or knickers to cover my bottom, or conceal my sex. All I have is Honey's bra. The lace-rim looks damn sexy. Raj has taken his vest off - he is standing behind wearing only his pyjama. His cock is bulging beneath the white material. Raj has tied my hands together behind my back with a silk scarf. He moves me to the side and removes my jeans completely. He parts my knees.
'Meena, you have wet the stool,' he says. Indeed, I was so wet I am sitting in a little pool of vaginal juice. Raj's fingers fiddle between my thighs. His middle finger rubs my clitoris. I part my legs wider. He's in me. He bends forward and kisses my thighs as he plays with my pussy. It feels amazing. I feel so helpless. I cannot move my hands from behind my back. I start to cum, loudly; 'Oh, jijaji, oh yes, oh god...' He is deep inside me, playing fast and furious. I am very close to a climax. It's just a little elusive. 'Oh baby, yes, yes, oh oh...'
He stops suddenly and stands up. He undoes his nara, and his pyjama fall down. I stare at his hardness; I lean forward but can't quite take him in my mouth. It is too upright. He moves it with his hand and guides it to my red lips. I suck the hard end. 'Oh Meena,' he moans, pushing it deeper. I wonder if I might choke. 'Oh Meena,' I love your red lips.' Then he withdraws it and starts to play with himself, just inches from face. He says; 'Meena, would you like me to cum all over your tits?'
'Yes baby.'
'Or shall I cum on your lips?'
I am so horny. I say; 'Why don't you cum in my pussy?
'Stand up,' he says. My legs are like jelly and I can barely walk. He leads me to the bed and lays me down. My hands are still tied behind me and I am on my back. He is going to fuck me on my sister's bed, while I'm wearing my sister's bra. He moves above me and I feel the end of him, close to my pussy lips, and then he pushes my legs apart so they are almost at right angles, then I, Oh, oh yes, he's inside me, filling me, moving in and out slowly, big, hard, Oh Ah baby, I am cuming! And I really cum hard this time. The best orgasm I have ever had. Even Raj is surprised by my groans of desire. But it has been building up for the last half an hour.
His eyes are trained on my breasts, which are so filled with arousal, and so tightly snug in the bra, they barely wobble. He is moaning. He is loving it. I have cum already but I am still adoring the feeling of his throbbing cock in me. I am so wicked. This is my sister's husband. I am a slut. I am a bitch. And he is a pig. Raj slows down. I know he wants to cum, but not just yet. He pulls out. He helps me sit up. 'You on top,' he says, and he lies on his back.
It isn't easy but with my hands still bound I manoeuvre above him. I open my legs and sit astride him. I position myself above him, and then slowly lower my pussy lips down towards his moist cock. OH it feels nice. Can I cum again. He fills me. Oh. I start to. 'Mmmmm, yes Raja, mera Raja, ha - I like it...you like my body...look at me...I want you to spunk inside me...cum inside me baby, I love it, Oh yes...'
Raj reaches up and moves the straps of my bra down, so the lingerie is held only by the clip behind. He then peels them down more. I am cuming again. 'Oh Raj, baby I am cuming again.' My nipples pop out of the bra. 'Look at my breasts, Raj, and say they are nicer than Honey's.'
He pulls the bra further down - it's now off my chest, below it, like a white sexy belt. 'They are better than Honey's,' he says, but he's struggling to talk. My dirty talking is making him wild.
'Say I am the best fuck.'
'Meena, you are the best.'
'Say, oh baby, yes, say I am tight.'
'You are, uuuhhhh' - Raj groans and he moans. He and I are making so much noise we don't notice the front door. My sister is home. 'AAAaaah,' Raj continues, as his semen explodes inside me. I feel it... lots and lots of it...at the top of my cunt, oozing down the walls of my vagina. I look over at myself in the mirror. So gorgeous. Red faced. Red lips. Hungry. Possessed. I could be a porn actress, I think. Would I like thousands of strange men watching me? As I think about this I continue to grind on top of Raj. His orgasm seems to be lasting ten seconds. He is absolutely spent.
But my sister is in the hallway. Is she coming to her bedroom? I am trembling all over - I am so satisfied. I collapse on top of Raj. My naked skin against his. 'Mera Raja,' I say. I am drenched with sweat - his and mine mixing, like our cum juices. He is still inside me, but soft now, slowly slipping out. He kisses my lips. He unclips the bra. My soft big tits are now nicely pressed against his chest. I want to do it all over again. We are both terrible...