Note - This is not my usual style of writing. but writing this way for literotica.
@dessertfun22 has helped me with the editing and finally it has come to a good shape.
Thanks a lot @desertfun22 for helping me out with this and making this a better story.
Hope we can continue for a long time.
♤♡◇♧
Needy wifey, playful hubby.
Jimi could not take it anymore. Getting up from her work desk she barged into her and Shawn's shared bedroom. She stood there glaring at her husband, who was sitting on the bed with his back leaning on the headboard.
Lifting his eyes up from the book he was reading, Shawn looked at Jimi who was standing there wearing a hoodie and panties.
"Honeyyyy" she said in a pleading way.
He suppressed the small smile playing at his lips and put his book down on the nightstand, giving his full attention to Jimi. Her glare instantly changed to a cute pout, walking closer she easily straddled Shawn's lap.
"Hmmmmmm" Shawn hummed in his usual groggy, raspy, deep voice.
As Shawn was staring her in the eye, his hands automatically found their place on Jimi's ass.
"Do something," Jimi whined.
Shawn smirked, "Is it still in?"
His hands started to knead the globes of her ass and Jimi could feel the excitement coursing through her.
"Yup," leaning on Shawn's chest, she nuzzled her face in his neck.
"Hmm, I don't believe you; I think we should check." Shawn whispered in her ear.
Jimi felt Shawn pulling the wet panties to the side exposing her pussy to the cool air, making it twitch. Even though Jimi wanted to whine about how she had been obedient and kept the vibrator inside, she didn't.
She desperately wanted to feel Shawn's hands on her. Keeping the vibrator inside for the whole day without any stimulation was too much and she was so wet. Jimi sucked in a sharp breath when she felt Shawn's fingers brushing lightly over her pussy lips. Squirming around she tried to get Shawn's fingers inside her quickly, but that only made Shawn secure his other arm around her waist, making it impossible for her to move.
"Honey, please." Jimi was getting desperate, and Shawn was having none of that.
"I'll do what I want." Shawn growled in his deepest voice which could send chills down the spine. Women felt weak when he spoke, with whatever little he spoke.
Jimi felt his energy, and with that came a sharp slap on Jimi's wet pussy. Shawn's palm directly hits her exposed pussy lips and clit, making her jump and cry out.
"Oh, will you look at that?" Shawn pulled his hand away from between Jimi's legs and showed Jimi his hand covered in her pussy juices. Jimi whined in embarrassment and hid her face in Shawn's neck.
"My little slut." Shawn chuckled.
"You are literally dripping for me, what's the use of hiding?" Shawn lightly smirked saying that.
A pleasurable shiver traveled down Jimi's spine at Shawn's mean tone, making her pussy clench up around the toy inside her. God, she loved when Shawn was being mean, degrading her, embarrassing her.
"Will you get on with it?" Jimi replied brattily, knowing fully well it will only rile Shawn up more.
She got what she wanted when Shawn harshly commanded her to get up and remove her clothes. What she did not know was what was going to come right after. Standing there biting her lips, excitement thrummed through her. She waited as Shawn gave a glance in her direction, appreciating the beauty before him.
"Sit here." Shawn pointed between his spread legs.
Jimi obediently sat between his legs with her naked back leaning against Shawn's clothed chest. Feeling the heat course through her body, heart beating faster in anticipation of Shawn's next move.
Shawn bent his knees, planting his feet firmly on the mattress making Jimi tilt her head back to look at Shawn in confusion. The next thing she knew her legs were being lifted and secured on either side of Shawn's bent legs. Exposing her dripping pink puffy pussy completely. The pussy lips easily parted with the stretch and her hole was clearly visible for anyone to see, clenching and unclenching in the air excitedly.
"Shawn!" Jimi shrieked, putting her hands on her pussy to cover up while she tried to pull her legs back that were hooked over Shawn's.
Shawn simply tutted and whispered, "If you don't remove your hand from your pussy this second, you will be punished in front of all the people that are watching right now."
Hearing that, Jimi's eyes frantically darted around the room and for the first time she saw the camera that she earlier failed to see because of her lust hazy mind. It took her a second to realize the camera was literally in front of her, only a few feet away. It was focused directly on where they were sat. Her dripping pussy being clearly visible to whoever was online watching the couple in their intimate time. Shawn was deliberately exposing her sex to people watching.
She had been so engrossed in her needs that she didn't even notice a fucking camera right in front of her, filming them live. Jimi's embarrassment increased tenfold when she realized how needy she was acting just a few minutes ago. A thrill ran down her spine making her leak more.
When they did this alone, she didn't feel that embarrassed, since they had been together for years. Opening her pussy when people were there to see was totally different. She could only imagine the crude comments of the viewers describing how she was leaking, dirtying the sheets.
It made the heat coil up in her belly, her face heating up. A whine left her as she slowly removed her hands from her pussy and hid her flaming face in Shawn's neck, pussy getting wetter by the second.
"That's my good slut."
Jimi whined again at the praise and humiliation, she wanted to be good for Shawn.
"So pretty." Shawn was melting looking at his wife.
Shawn pulled Jimi's face away from his neck and kissed her passionately as his hands trailed down her thighs towards her dripping cunt. Shawn had always been a little possessive of Jimi. It always showed when they did these kinds of plays and Jimi loved every second of it.
Shawn's kisses were somehow more aggressive, passionate, and eager. It felt like he wanted to eat Jimi up. Knowing what a big exhibitionist Jimi was, Shawn always indulged her, and Jimi loved him even more for it.
Jimi moaned lowly into the kiss anticipating the touch of her pussy, but it never came. Pulling back from the kiss she looked at him demanding, "Shawn hurry."
"Someone is impatient," Shawn said loud enough for the microphone to catch it.
Glancing at the camera once again Jimi pouted and felt her face heating up.
"But I waited all day!"
Shawn hummed contemplating, "since you have been so good, I'll let you have this one."
"Yes please." Jimi replied, breathing raggedly.
Looking at her swollen lips, Shawn couldn't help but bite and suck them.
The first wave of vibration shocked her to the core, body tensing instantly as the long-awaited pleasure washed over her. Crying out she held on to Shawn's arm for support, the vibrator stimulating the g-spot directly.
The vibrations were at the lowest level, but it felt like her whole body was a live wire. Pleasure coursed through her body, making her head spin. Throwing her hand back on Shawn's shoulder, Jimi moaned loudly, trying her best not to touch herself. Hanging on to the little bit of self-control she had, knowing Shawn would not be happy about it.
"Such a pretty girl, helping others get off. Everyone is watching how you show off this pretty pussy and moaning like a dirty slut, enjoying every second of it." Shawn said, continuing to degrade her as Jimi shook her head.
"No, I'm not." Jimi whimpered and Shawn laughed cruelly.
They both knew how adrenaline rushed through her just hearing those words, the orgasm inching closer. Shawn continued increasing the speed of the vibrations till it reached the highest level, making Jimi writhe around in desperation.
"Are you gonna cum?" Shawn asked wickedly.
Jimi frantically nodded as Shawn kept kissing her wherever his mouth could reach, and drew circles on her inner thigh, not touching where she needed it the most. The continuous stimulation at her g-spot was making her leak a steady stream of slick.
She could feel the slick slowly start to drip down her cunt to her asshole. Her walls desperately clenched around the toy to keep the slick from sliding down her gaping hole. Jimi could feel her orgasm just teetering at the edge but never going over.
The need to cum was so strong, frustration rose. Jimi needed it, needed something to push her over the edge. Knowing Shawn, he was not going to do anything, he simply loved teasing her too much. As a tear slipped from her eye, she went to touch herself between her legs, but Shawn's hand came around her wrist stopping her.
"What do you think you are trying to do?"
Shawn raised his eyebrows looking down at Jimi's tear-streaked face. She looked absolutely beautiful. Eyes pleading, shining with lust, cheeks rosy, spit slicked lips, trembling.
He loved being mean to his pretty wife just so that he could see her like this. Her thighs shook with how close her orgasm was.
"You are being so naughty Jimi, we just started, and you want to cum?" Shaking his head as if disappointed.
Shawn continued, "What will I do with you, so disobedient! Now the audience will decide whether you should be allowed to cum so soon or not."
Shawn sounded bored but the little husky tone at the end gave him away. He nibbled at Jimi's earlobe, lightly pulling at it which caused her to moan and nod frantically.
"Then ask them, beg them to let you cum."
Feeling embarrassment flush over her, she hid her face in Shawn 's neck and asked, "Can I cum?"
Shawn made a displeased sound in his throat.
"Is this how you ask for permission? Is this that I have taught you?
They are being so kind, taking time from their busy schedules just to watch you being such a dirty slut and you can't even ask for permission nicely?" The harsh tone made her shudder.
The vibrator continued to assault the walls of her pussy as she tried to compose herself.
"No, no I'm sorry." Jimi sniffled.
"Good, now face them and ask nicely." Shawn commanded.
Face flushed a shade of pink turning, her face to the camera she asked, "Can I please cum, please." Hearing the soft 'please' Shawn cooed at her, and Jimi felt humiliated and wet at the same time.
"Oh, looks like they have given you permission to cum." Shawn said as he read through the live comments.
"I did not expect that, but since they have decided they want to see you cum, then you can." Shawn smirked wickedly knowing what Jimi needed to reach her high.
"I can't." Jimi cried, the frustration of not being able to cum and being held at the edge was too much.
"Why not?" Shawn innocently asked, knowing well enough what the problem was.
He knew she always needed her clit to be touched to get a satisfying orgasm, but he loved acting oblivious.
"Shawn, touch me please, I'm so close." Jimi pleaded as tears clung to her lashes.
"But I am touching you." Shawn's hands slowly caressed her body, her arms, nipples, stomach, thighs.
"Noooo, my clit."
Shawn feigned a surprised look and shuffled around to quickly grab an ice cube from the glass of water placed on the nightstand before settling back in his previous position. Keeping the ice cube in his fist for a moment, it melted and dripped, and made his hand cold. He tossed the half-melted ice cube back into the glass.
Shawn continued, "Oh I didn't know, I would have touched there sooner if I had known."
Before Jimi could reply back with a snarky comment, a moan ripped through her as a cold wet finger swiped at her clit, rubbing tight circles around it.
"Fuck Honey, I'm cumming."
White hot pleasure coursed through Jimi's body making her convulse with the intensity of her orgasm. The orgasm was never ending, the vibrator and the cold finger on her clit unrelenting, dragging out her orgasm.
She could feel the wetness beneath her and on her thigh as the intense pleasure dulled into a satisfying bliss. Whimpering and arching her back Jimi tried to get away from Shawn but it was no use, the hand on her waist kept her still. Reaching down she pushed Shawn's unrelenting finger away from her clit.
"Too much." she gasped, trying to catch her breath.
Slowly she opened her eyes as Shawn planted small kisses all over her shoulder. His hands massaged the tense muscles of her thighs. Eyes focusing on the little puddle, she noticed she had squirted. It was wet everywhere, her thighs, her stomach. Shawn's thighs, the bedcovers. If she could turn even more red, she would have.
Unhooking Jimi's legs, Shawn quickly got up to turn off the camera, knowing full well how Jimi didn't like to be watched after she had just cum. In her current headspace she only wanted to be seen and touched by Shawn.
"Shawn." Jimi whispered.
Her hand reached for him to come back, trying to grab his shirt in her tiny hand and pull him back. Shawn was weak for her with such cute acts.
"I'm coming baby, just a second."
Quickly switching off the camera he immediately went back to pull her close and shifted them to the dry side of the bed. Laying on the bed as they lazily kissed.
Shawn asked, "You want to continue?" Swiping his tongue over Jimi's lower lip.
Jimi hummed and simply spread her legs apart. As Shawn's one hand traveled up to play with her erect nipples, the other traveled down to pull out the vibrator making some of the wetness slip out. Nibbling and sucking on her nipple Shawn slowly inserted one finger inside the wet heat, massaging the soft walls.
Head thrown back and arching her body, Jimi moaned. She clutched and pulled at Shawn's shirt, wanting it off. Pulling back, in one swift move, Shawn took off his shirt and threw it somewhere behind him.
Going back to sucking, licking, and nibbling on Jimi's body leaving red marks behind. As one finger turned to two then to three, he started fingering her faster, stretching the walls of her pussy to make it loose enough. He purposely avoided the spot she wanted him to touch.
As small gasps left her, Jimi explored the planes of Shawn's body, pressing at the muscles and pulling at his long strands of hair. Her hand traveled down to unbutton his pants and reach for the neglected cock.
The first contact made Shawn moan instantly and fuck, it felt good. The small soft hand wrapped around his dick felt heavenly, pushing into Jimi's fist slightly as he continued fingerfucking her. When he felt her loose enough, he pulled back and took off his pants and briefs. Settling between Jimi's spread thighs he stared at the beautiful leaking pussy. Bending down, he pulled the pussy lips apart with his thumbs and blew at the peeking little clit. A shudder traveled through Jimi's body.
Jimi moaned when she felt the wet tongue lick at her folds, her body arched, hands instantly moving to tighten around Shawn's hair, trying to pull him closer. Shawn called his way of pussy worship 'tongue technology.' He was way too good at pleasing his woman 'Jimi' with his tongue.
"Enjoying ourselves, are we?" Shawn smirked from his position between her legs, warm breath sending shivers down her spine.
"Yes, yes, please." Jimi whined.
Pulling back, Shawn's fingers caressed through her folds, flicking at the clit occasionally. He smirked devilishly at Jimi before his hand came down hard directly on her clit, making her scream out and instantly clamp her legs shut.
Tutting Shawn raised his eyebrows, demanding she open her legs by tapping her knee. The dominating tone in Shawn's voice made the submissive in Jimi rise. Opening her legs slowly she pouted.
"but it hurts."
"Aw but it seems you enjoy that, look how much you are leaking." The teasing tone with humiliating and degrading words, making her blush.
"Why don't you see it for yourself."
Shawn brought Jimi's hand down and swiped her fingers over her leaking cunt, bringing the wet fingers to her face.
"See? Aren't you naughty?"
He smirked and pulled Jimi's mouth open to shove her fingers inside. Shawn knew how to make her weak. How to get her to do things he wanted.
"Yes, lick them good, so good for me."
Jimi's eyes glazed over at the praise. When Shawn's hand came down again, it stung. This time she simply moaned and kept her legs spread as they quivered wanting to protect her pussy from the constant onslaught of pain.
When Shawn was finally satisfied, he looked at the beautiful body sprawled in front of him, Jimi was a sight to behold. Face red, eyes closed, swollen lips parted as drool slipped from the corner of her mouth.
Her hands tightly clutching at the pillow underneath her head. Red marks from all the biting visible over her neck, chest and stomach. Her raised soft mounds adorned with hard erect nipples. Pussy lips a bright shade of red from all the hits, wetness coated all over and leaking on the bed sheets creating a wet patch.
He loved Jimi. Making her weak and submissive added a different thrill to their sex life.
"You are a beautiful mess baby."
Leaning down, Shawn wiped the drool with his thumb and kissed her slowly, tongue softly caressing her as Jimi whined in his mouth. Arms sluggishly wrapping around Shawn's neck to pull him closer. Jimi lifted her hips craving for some friction against her pussy. The first contact made them both moan into the kiss. Hands moving down to hold on to Jimi's hips, Shawn grinded his hips against Jimi's. Panting hard, Jimi pulled away to take in a lung full of air.
"Shawn, inside." She breathed.
"Hmmm? What's inside baby?"
Shawn continued to mouth just below Jimi's ear, knowing how sensitive she was there. As a shudder racked through her, her small fingernails scratched down Shawn's back.
"I need your dick inside my pussy, please!" Jimi pleaded.
"Aww, you are so polite, baby."
Giving her a kiss one last time he sat back on his knees. Shawn pushed her knees towards his chest, demanding she hold the position. Rubbing his cock along the length of Jimi's pussy once, slicking up his dick Shawn pushed in suddenly with one hard move.
Jimi's breath hitched as the pleasure and pain from the slaps mixed together. The hot walls squeezing around her, sucking him in.
"God Jimi, you are so wet." Shawn moaned.
He glanced at Jimi's face for any sign of discomfort before he started moving. Hands reaching out to play with her nipples, squeezing and pulling. Jimi screamed, pussy squeezing tight around Shawn as her legs shook.
"Baby the neighbors will hear, did you just cum?" Shawn asked, surprised.
As Jimi tried to catch her breath after the unexpected orgasm, Shawn laughed as he lent down to kiss her.
"I knew you liked a little pain play baby, but I didn't know you liked it this much, I guess we'll have to do that more." Shawn whispered.
Wrapping Jimi's legs around his hips, Shawn started moving again, hitting her g-spot dead on.
"Oh my god, fuck, Shawn, too much."
Nails scratched at Shawn's bicep leaving red imprints over his extremely pale skin. As he continued to overstimulate her, the pleasure and pain was too much at the same time.
"You can handle this much; you know you love it." Shawn said, kissing away the tears that leaked out.
As Shawn continued to fuck her, the pain slowly turned into white hot pleasure making her toes curl.
"Go on, touch yourself." Shawn commanded.
Hearing that, Jimi's hand instantly snaked between their bodies to her clit, rubbing in tight circles as mind numbing pleasure coursed through her.
"When you are about to cum tell me."
Hands pinching her nipples, Shawn kissed her once again. The pleasure was building steadily with Shawn perfectly hitting the spot inside her.
"I'm gonna cum Shawn, can I cum please?" Jimi was so close; she could feel it.
"No."
Shawn removed her hand from the clit, pinning it down beside her head. He slowed down the pace of his thrusts which made her cry out in disbelief.
"No, no, no, no, please Shawn, no."
Jimi could already feel her orgasm subsiding, the feeling of betrayal coursed through her.
"You are so mean; I was about to cum!" She cried.
"I know."
Shawn simply smiled, kissing Jimi on the cheek before pulling out and flipping her on all fours. He gave her shapely plump butt a sharp slap, watching it jiggle and turn red. Throwing her head back in pleasure as he slowly pushed inside Jimi.
The pussy walls easily giving way for him to settle inside. Hand fisting her brown hair, he started fucking her earnestly, aiming for the g-spot. Jimi's vision blurred for a second before coming back to Shawn pulling her up from her arms and on her knees, his sweaty chest pressing against her back.
One arm securely wrapped around her waist as he continued to slam into her, panting in her ear, Jimi felt a knot forming in her stomach which was familiar but different from how she usually felt.
"Shawn move, move" Shawn hummed and increased his pace, making the knot worse.
"No Shawn, I need to move. I have to pee" she said desperately struggling against him, but it was too late as she felt her pussy gush. The force making Shawn's dick slip out.
She closed her eyes as pleasure and embarrassment washed over her. A puddle formed where her knees were digging into the mattress. After a moment of silence Shawn spoke up.
"Did you just squirt again?" The surprise and delight evident in his voice.
"What?"
Opening her eyes Jimi looked down and could see she had in fact had squirted again. Understanding dawned as she realized why it felt so familiar yet different, because she had never squirted twice no matter how hard Shawn had tried. Turning Jimi around in his embrace, Shawn passionately kissed her and laid her down.
"You can use my mouth." Jimi said in the kiss.
Nuzzling into her neck he asked, "You sure you're not too tired?"
Jimi smiled, she really had the best husband. "I'm fine, come on, put your dick in my mouth."
"Alright, open up." Shawn moved to her head, straddling her shoulders and pulled her face to his dick.
Immediately opening her mouth, Jimi started sucking and licking at it. She moaned as she tasted her own juices on his dick. Bobbing her head up and down his shaft, easily back throating after all these years.
"Fuck yes baby, like that."
Shawn groaned and Jimi felt proud knowing where to swipe her tongue, just how to suck to make Shawn cum instantly. As she sucked at the head of the dick, tongue probing at the slit, her hands moved to massage Shawn's balls. Shawn cursed, hand tightening around the back of her head to pull her away.
"Baby let go, I'm gonna cum." His voice was strained.
Jimi simply looked up and shook her head.
"You'll be the death of me." Shawn said breathily before cumming down her throat with a long moan.
Pulling away slowly, Shawn watched as Jimi easily swallowed the cum. He couldn't help but kiss her even if it was nasty.
"I'll be back."
He got up from the bed to get a washcloth to wipe her down and started a bath. Climbing back into the bed, he pulled Jimi closer, who instantly latched onto him. Gently wiping her down he pecked her forehead and once again admired how beautiful she was, his everything.
"Let's get you inside the tub."
Shawn picked her up and Jimi wrapped her arms and legs around him, clinging to him. Once they were settled in the bathtub with Jimi leaning against his chest, Shawn asked, "Did you have fun?"
Jimi snickered "Oh please don't be modest, you know it was the all-time best. I fucking squirted twice." Shawn laughed, arms coming to wrap around Jimi's waist.
"Fine you got me! I just wanted to hear you say it." Looking over his shoulder, Jimi pinched him on the stomach.
"You sure love hearing praises, are you sure you're not the one with the praise kink?" Jimi smiled sassily.
"Oh, my beautiful, gorgeous baby." Shawn whispered and tucked some hair behind her ear, making her blush, "I'm pretty sure it's you."
"Jimi, I also want you to know it's fine." Shawn said, confusing her.
Turning her head, she looked at Shawn, "What?"
"It's fine even if you had peed, I don't mind." Jimi could feel her face start to heat up.
"Oh my god shut up, why are you bringing it up, I did not pee." Wanting her to understand how serious he was, Shawn turned her to face him.
"No baby listen, you wanting to be embarrassed and getting off on it is different, and this is different. I want you to know I'm completely fine with it if you ever pee during sex, I will not be turned off by it, I promise. You have nothing to be ashamed of." Slowly a shy smile came to his face.
"God you're such a sap. I love you." Jimi nuzzled into his neck.
Shawn returned his smile, "I love you more, my cutie pie."
●
Non Existent.