Disclaimer:Everyone in this story is over the age of 18.
I dropped my keys on the counter, took my phone, went into the bathroom, and locked the door. I had received more videos from Beth, so I sat on the tub's edge and opened the first one.
The video was me eating Beth's pussy. Watching the video, I realized now why Beth had gotten so hot. I looked like a hot little slut eating her pussy. The video started from behind me, showing my ass before moving to the side, showing me eating her pussy while fucking myself on a fake cock.
I took off my clothes and started rubbing my clit while I watched myself eating Beth's pussy.
The next video was me in the booth, deep-throating a stranger until he pulled out of my mouth and shot his cum all over me.
The last video was me in my car and captured me abusing my nipples as I masturbated. It zoomed in to my pussy just as I shot my juices all over the seat before panning out to capture several men jacking off outside the car.
By the end of the last video, I was very close to an orgasm. With an effort, I took my hand out of my soaked pussy and closed the previous video.
It's so wrong that I have to ask Pop if I can cum, I thought, ashamed of what I had done at the bookstore.
As I hovered on the edge, I reluctantly opened the messenger app.
I can't believe I am doing this, I thought. I clicked on Pop's contact, but before I could ask anything, the phone dinged, I had a new message from Pop.
Well, I am surprised at your behavior today Slut.
From now on, I will call you that instead of Lisa, and I don't think you can argue about it any longer.
Beth sent me some pictures and videos of your escapades today.
She also said that you needed some help listening and following directions.
I thought we were past that point Slut.
Let's stop playing the game now.
I don't need another disobedient Slut.
Good luck with your marriage and the baby.
I reread the message feeling hurt and in shock.
This is all his fault, I did what I was told, and this was how he would treat me?
I was pissed. Not wanting to sit there any longer, I walked into the kitchen to get something to drink, my need to cum wholly forgotten.
The more I replayed what happened in my head, all the things I had done for him over the last few days, the angrier I got.
Sipping my tea at the kitchen island, I typed multiple replies, deleting them because they weren't right. Writing my responses made it increasingly clear that I have never felt so alive as I did following his and Beth's instructions. In the end, I swallowed my pride and responded;
I am so sorry, Pop.
I hope you realize how hard this entire thing has been for me.
I never wanted to cheat on Ken, but things spiraled out of control.
Until today I had never had sexual thoughts about another woman, let alone wanted to have sex with one.
Following directions from strangers is new, but I have never felt so alive or horny.
Please give me another chance. I won't let you down.
While I waited for Pop to reply, I got a message from Ken.
Sorry sweetheart, but I am going to be very late tonight.
Please have dinner without me, and I will see you tomorrow morning.
Can we do something?
Just the two of us?
Think about what you want to do.
Love you
I started crying when I read his text. I didn't deserve him. He should have someone that takes better care of him than I do and not someone who would cheat on him with a stranger. Here I was naked in the kitchen with strangers' dried cum on my face, stomach, and breasts while he was out working extra hours to support both of us and the baby.
The video of what I was doing and the pictures scared the shit out of me. Who knew what Pop or Beth would do with them? They would destroy my marriage, Ken would get the baby, and I would lose everything I wanted.
I returned to the bathroom and put on the jogging outfit I had on earlier. After rechecking my phone, I cleaned the house to take my mind off everything.
It took Pop almost an hour to respond.
Well, Slut, I guess this must be hard for you to adjust to, so I think I can give you another chance.
What are you doing right now?
I texted him back.
Cleaning the house
What are you wearing?
A loose shirt and jogging pants,I replied.
Do you have plans for the rest of the day?
Ken will not be home until later tonight, so I have a few hours open.
Why?
I want you to wear another outfit similar to the one you wore to the bookstore.
I will text you the restaurant address I want you to dine at tonight.
The reservation will be under the name of Sue Lut.
You are to order and keep your phone on the table next to you.
I will be in the restaurant and able to see you.
You are to follow any instructions sent via text from me.
If you don't follow directions, I will walk out, and you will never hear from me again.
Understand?
My hands were shaking as I answered him back.
Yes, I won't let you down again.
I hope you don't, girl; this is your last chance.
Go shower and get ready like you are going on a date.
It should not scream whore but say you are a slut looking for a good time.
I walked into the bathroom and picked up the top I had on earlier. It was the only one I had that fit that was sheer, so I hand-washed it.
While it was drying, I took a shower getting the cum off my body, being careful of touching my nipples any more than I had to. I tried not to think about what I was doing and why. I started shaking whenever I thought about where I was going and what I might be doing.
While putting on my makeup, I heard my phone ding with a new text message. Pop had sent the reservation information for dinner. It was about 15 miles away in a town I had never been to. I let out a sigh realizing that I had been worried that it might be somewhere close and someone who knew me would see me.
I finished getting ready and still had about half an hour before I had to leave to make the reservation, so I sat on the couch thinking.
I wished I was not pregnant so I could have something to drink to calm my nerves. I realized I had no excuses for what I had done or would end up doing tonight. The baby must have realized the thoughts going through my mind because it moved.
"Sorry, sweetie, I didn't mean it. I love you so much I can't wait to hold you," I told it as I gently rubbed my stomach. It settled in a few minutes, and I went to the bathroom again before leaving for the restaurant.
The whole drive there, my mind was blank; honestly, I don't remember much of it. The GPS spat out instructions, and I just mindlessly followed them.
The restaurant was in an older part of town and looked like it might have been a reception hall at some point. After parking in the main lot, I strolled to the door. The outside was a little run down, and I couldn't see inside due to heavy curtains on the windows.
Pulling on the outer door, I entered a small reception area where a tall Maître de stood behind a podium. He looked down at the reservation book as I stopped before him. After almost a minute of awkward silence, he glanced up at me.
"Yes?" he asked.
I cleared my throat. "I have a reservation for dinner," I said.
"Your name Madam?"
"Sue Lut," I said a little faster than intended. The way he looked at me, stopping at my jacket-covered breasts before looking me straight in the eye, I was sure he heard me say, "Slut."
"Certainly. Donna will sit you," he said, handing a menu to a woman who had just walked up.
"This way, please," Donna said, walking past some heavy red curtains into the main dining room.
The room was dim, with several tables occupied by couples. Several men noticed me as I walked by, and at least two of their partners shot me glares. As I turned at the end of the row following Donna, I noticed that the Maître de was watching me. I guess he saw that I caught him because he glanced up from my ass and smiled at me.
Donna took me to a corner table in the next section and sat me in a booth. I noticed that all the booths on the wall were set up higher than the tables in the middle by several inches.
"May I take your jacket?" she asked.
I got nervous, knowing that my blouse was almost see-through. Donna misunderstood as she placed her hand over mine on the table.
"I will hang it on the hook at the end of your table if you like, and you can have it back when you need it."
"Thanks, dear. It's a little cold here, so I think I will keep it on for now," I said as I slipped into the booth.
I adjusted the jacket to keep it from bunching.
"Enjoy your dinner," Donna said with a wink. With a final look at my chest, she placed the menu on the table and walked away.
I sat on the side where she put the menu, giving me a limited view of the restaurant. I could see six tables from where I was sitting. All of them were empty. I put my cell phone on the table as instructed and started to read over the menu. I was not paying attention as people walked by and was startled when a man spoke.
"Hello, my name is Jake, and I will be your server this evening. To start, is there something I can get you to drink?"
I glanced up and saw a young server standing next to me.
"Sorry you startled me," I said, smiling nervously at him.
He smiled at me, and I noticed he kept glancing at my chest. I pretended not to notice and ordered a soft drink.
"Would you like an appetizer?" he asked me, never taking his eyes off my chest.
"Not right now, but I may when you bring back my drink," I said without looking up.
He stood there another few seconds before walking away to get my drink. As soon as he walked away, my phone buzzed.
I see you made it for dinner Slut.
You should see how uncomfortable you made the young man.
He had to hold his order book down to hide his erection when he walked away.
Move to the center of the bench under the light and pull your skirt up until your ass touches the seat.
After settling, open the jacket more until it covers your nipples.
I reread the text and glanced around, looking for someone who could see me. Finding no one, I pushed off the seat and pulled my skirt up to my waist before sitting down with my ass on the chair. The leather was cold on my ass, and I suppressed a shiver.
I glanced around again before I pulled my jacket open as instructed, slightly mortified that my dark areolas were visible. I didn't know if it was because of the restaurant's temperature or how turned on I was, but my nipples were pushing my shirt and jacket out, making it obvious where they were.
Based on how busy the restaurant was, it took a little longer than I expected before he returned. I saw him coming this time and noticed that he swallowed hard when he saw my new display. I glanced down and noticed his trousers had started to tent a little.
"Have you decided on an appetizer? He asked, staring at my barley-covered breasts as he sat down my drink.
"I think I will have a salad with Italian dressing on the side," I said without looking up from the menu.
"And for your entrée?" he asked.
I looked up at him, ignoring where he was staring. "Is there something that you recommend?"
He flushed as he met my eyes.
"The salmon is excellent tonight. It's pan-fried and lightly glazed. It comes on a bed of rice and your choice of broccoli or zucchini in a marinara sauce."
"Let me have that then with the zucchini," I said, glancing at the tent he now had in his pants. He saw my gaze and flushed a deeper red before retreating from my table.
When he was out of sight, my phone buzzed again.
You are such a fucking tease, Slut.
That poor boy had to go into the restroom before placing your order.
Move your ass to the front of the seat and spread your legs as wide as comfortable.
Sit like this the rest of the night.
Slip your jacket off to the sides and behind your breasts.
I felt such a slut as I followed his directions. The way I was sitting, anyone sitting at a table who looked my way could see my pussy. I had been in position for a few minutes when I saw some busboys walk into the room and start arranging tables across from me. I didn't pay much attention to them at first but soon noticed that they kept glancing in my direction, and one had his phone out, taking pictures of me.
I realized that they could see under the table, and there must have been enough light for them to see my bare pussy. I felt humiliated and very horny by the whole situation.
I drank more of my soft drink, thinking about going to the restroom when the server returned with my salad. I watched Jake get stopped by one of the bussers, who pointed at me. They spoke quietly for a few seconds before Jake continued.
Because he was staring hard under the table at my pussy, Jake almost tripped over the step from the main room to my booth. I watched him blush as he handed me the salad.
"Is there anything else I can get you?" Jake asked
"No, I am fine, thank you," I said without looking up from my salad.
If he wanted to stare at me, I would let him without making him uncomfortable.
"I will bring you another drink then," he said as he turned and walked away. I glanced at my drink and noticed it was still pretty full. The display I was putting on gets you better service than usual.
As he walked away, my phone buzzed again.
Take off the jacket and lay it on the seat next to you.
The only time you are to wear it while at the restaurant is when you have to leave your booth.
Pull your skirt up until it is rolled up at your waist. Make sure that nothing blocks the view of your pussy.
I swallowed nervously and rolled my skirt until it reached the elastic, ultimately uncovering my lower body. Glancing around, I quickly removed the jacket and lay it beside me.
I felt naked at this point.
Looking down, I could see my breasts through the blouse I had on, and the tents my nipples were making made it clear that I had nothing on underneath. All the exposure and attention made me very horny, and I could feel my juices leaking out of my pussy. I realized I would have to go to the restroom soon and started moving when the server returned.
"Here is your refill," he said, staring at my barley-covered breasts. My skirt was rolled up, and the side of my thigh was visible from where he stood.
"Thank you. Can you tell me where the restroom is?" I blushed as I asked him.
"It's in the corner to your left," he said, pointing toward where I could see a dim sign reading Ladies.
Before I could reach for my jacket, my phone dinged again, and I glanced at it.
Move out of the seat towards him.
Spread your legs wide when you get to the edge of the seat, and let him get a good view of your pussy.
Make sure that your skirt stays rolled up until you are entirely standing.
Grab your jacket and hold it in one hand while you get up.
Hand him the jacket, and ask for help to put it on.
Adjust your skirt and go to the restroom when the jacket is on.
Text me when you are in a stall.
I gulped down some of my drink and looked at Jake, still standing there.
"Can you help me put on my jacket?" I asked him as I scooted toward where he was standing.
"It's hard to get both arms in sometimes."
When I got to the end of the bench next to him, I saw that he was looking at my bare pussy. I stayed exposed for a few seconds giving him a good look before I handed him my jacket. Jake took it without taking his eyes off my pussy.
I pushed against the table to stand up, forcing him to back away a little. Jake held the jacket for me, not making eye contact. After slipping my right arm into the sleeve, I turned until my back was to him.
I knew that with the skirt rolled up like it was, he had a great view of my ass. As I put my other arm into the jacket, I bent a little forward to make it easier to notice.
I wonder if he could see the butt plug in my ass, I thought.
As close as he was to me and with my ass pushed back, it only took a few seconds before it touched his crotch, and I felt his dick straining to get out. Since neither of us was trying to get the jacket on, I bumped his crotch several times before finally putting my other arm into the coat.
I straightened my jacket and skirt covering my ass and turned my head, looking at him over my shoulder.
"Thanks for the help, dear."
"Any time," he said, blushing and trying to adjust his cock without my noticing it. I glanced down and ensured he saw me checking out his dick before I smiled and walked to the restroom.
I could not believe how much of a slut I was acting like. I had never considered doing this with my husband, let alone a stranger. I was shaking as I quickly walked to the restroom before I collapsed.
The restroom was clean and brighter than the restaurant. I entered a stall and closed the door, hanging my jacket on a hook. I pulled my skirt up and sat on the toilet.
I am in the restroom in a stall.
Good slut.
I liked how you handled your server, but I think you are being mean to the boy.
He is so flustered I don't know how he kept from blowing his wad when you rubbed your naked ass on his trousers.
I am assuming from your behavior that you are very horny and that you want to cum as much as you need to piss.
Strip, but keep your shoes on.
Take a picture of you sitting on the toilet with your legs spread.
Play with yourself, but don't cum.
Let me know when you are done, and I will give you more instructions.
I stripped off my clothes and sat on the toilet with my phone. After a few pictures, I sent the best to Pop before I slipped my hand down and started rubbing and pinching my clit as I pissed.
This is so disgusting, I thought as I got closer to a massive orgasm.
I heard the door open and someone moving around in the restroom. I clamped my mouth shut and kept twisting my nipples and rubbing my clit as I finished pissing.
"Are you ok in there," someone asked from in front of the stall door.
Shit, I must have made some noise. I hope she can't see me,I thought before my worst nightmare happened.
The door swung open, and Donna stood there looking shocked as I finished pissing.
"It's not what you think," I quickly said, closing my legs and putting my arms over my breasts.
"Oh, I think it is exactly what I think," she said with a wicked grin. She grabbed my clothes, and before I could even stand up, she bolted for the restroom door.
I started sobbing and quickly closed the door to the stall making sure it was locked this time. What the fuck am I going to do, I thought. The only answer I had was to text Pop and ask for help. He said he was here, and with the instructions and comments, I knew he was watching from somewhere.
I sat back down on the toilet and texted him.
Pop, I am so sorry, but one of the workers caught me following your instructions and took my clothes before bolting from the restroom.
Can you get my clothes back?
Please, I can't get caught like this.
It would ruin my life.
I sent the text and held myself as tears ran down my face. My phone dinged, and I grabbed it, hoping it was Pop.
Well, Slut, I guess you have gotten into a tight spot.
I don't know what I can do to help you. I didn't bring any extra clothes.
Describe the woman who took your clothes, and I will see what I can do to get them back, but there will be a cost for this.
I don't know what it will be since I didn't expect to rescue you.
I described Donna to him
Let me see if I can find her Slut.
Thank you, oh, thank you so much.
I don't care what it costs, just please get my clothes back.
I sat on the toilet waiting, and shortly, I heard the door open.
"So slut, I guess you have yourself a problem," I heard Donna outside the stall door.
"Please give me my clothes," I begged her, walking to the door.
"Well, I want a few things in return," she said.
I didn't like her tone, but I realized I had very few options.
"Like what?" I asked.
"Well, for starters, you will do some poses for me and give me your husband's phone number."
"I will let you take the pictures, but why do you want my husband's phone number?" I asked, fearing the answer
"Well, your dinner is almost done, and I don't want you to miss eating it. That means we don't have time for you to pay for the clothes I have here for you properly. So I will take a few pictures, let you get dressed, and return to your table.
"After dinner, I own your ass for a little while. It occurred to me that you might try to bolt before you can fully pay, so I want some insurance. If you don't follow directions, I will send him the pictures you will take.
"Understand slut?"
Fuck, I did understand. If I didn't take the pictures, I would not get my clothes and could not leave the restroom. Sooner or later, someone else would find me and call the police.
I was terrified that If I did what she wanted, she could keep blackmailing me after I finished what she wanted me to do today.
"I guess I don't have a lot of options. Can I have my clothes, please?" I pleaded.
"Sure, after the pictures. Open the door and come out here so I can get a better view of you slut."
I slowly opened the door and stepped out of the stall. Donna made no pretense of not looking at me, and I blushed at the attention. I kept looking at the door, and finally, Donna noticed.
"Don't worry slut. I put a maintenance sign on the door so that no one will bother us for a bit. Hand me your phone and squat down in front of me with your hands behind your head. Spread as wide as you can."
I reluctantly handed Donna my phone and got into the position she demanded. She took a few pictures of me with my phone and hers.
"Get on your hands and knees slut, facing the sink. Come on, Slut. Spread your legs more."
I looked at the floor and noticed it needed to be cleaned. I started to say something before Donna cut me off.
"I don't give a fuck slut. Get your ass into the position I told you."
I found the cleanest spot on the floor and got into the position she said to. She took several more pictures.
"Wow, what have you got here slut," she said, pushing the base of the butt plug with her shoe.
"It's a butt plug," I said, looking down so she could not see my face.
"You are one kinky little bitch," she said, pulling and pushing on the plug.
"Look at me and tell me how much you want me to fuck you. You had better make me believe it slut"
I turned my head, looking at her, and in my best slut voice, "Please, Donna, I want you to fuck me. I am so horny I need you."
"Good slut" she said. "Lie on the floor facing the door, reach behind you with both hands and pull your ass cheeks apart."
I looked at her before I moved but realized by her expression there was no arguing with her. I lay my shoulders down and rested my breasts on the cold bathroom floor. Reaching back, I spread my ass checks.
"Good slut, now take one of your hands and start fingering your pussy."
Moving my right hand under my belly, I started fingering my pussy. I slid my middle finger in and quickly added two more. I realized how turned on I was with the way Donna was treating me and could hear squishing sounds coming from my pussy as I fucked myself with my fingers.
"You are getting off on this, aren't you slut?" Donna asked as she knelt close to my face.
"Yes," I said as I pushed the fourth finger into my pussy. I realized it would not take much longer, and I would be cumming very hard.
"Stop playing with yourself slut," she said, helping me stand up.
"I have enough for now, and your dinner should be done. Get dressed and go to your table. You don't have time to redo your makeup, so make a quick fix and sit down."
"Do you want my husband's number?" I asked her as I stood up and took my clothes back from her.
"I thought about it and realized you might try to give me someone else's number, so I pulled it off the phone while you played with yourself.
"I will let you know after your dinner what you will be doing to pay the rest of the debt," Donna said as she left the restroom, leaving me to finish dressing and arranging myself.
I dressed quickly and washed my hands, doing what I could with my makeup before returning to my table. Remembering my instructions, I pulled my skirt up as I sat down, took my jacket off, and put it next to me.
I picked at the salad before me, not really into eating it. Before I knew it, the server was back with my dinner. He was no longer pretending to ignore my near nudity and was staring at my breasts.
After placing the food on the table, he asked me, "Would you like me to hang your jacket?"
Fearing that I would never see it again, "No, thank you," I said.
My phone buzzed, and I read the message.
I made an arrangement with the girl who had your clothes.
After dinner, she will get two hours to use you however she wants.
Respect her as you would me, and everything will go well.
Returning to our game, take an ice cube from your glass.
Without taking your eyes off the server, take your hand under the table and rub the ice cube on your pussy before pushing it inside.
After a few seconds, pull the ice out and ask the server if he would like a taste.
I had to read the instructions twice before it sunk in. Before I could chicken out, I picked up an ice cube from my glass.
"Is there anything else I can do?" the server asked, staring up from my scantly covered breasts.
"There is one more thing, dear," I said as I stuck the ice in my mouth.
I licked my lips and sucked hard on the ice, causing my cheeks to indent. Jake gulped and sweated a little more, watching me. Still looking him in the eyes, I pushed the ice out of my mouth and into my hand.
Moving my hand under the table, I placed the ice against my clit.
The sensation was so shocking that I closed my eyes and may have moaned. I moved the ice around my pussy before pushing it inside. I could feel the water from the ice as it melted, running down my pussy and onto the seat.
I pulled the ice out and handed it to the server.
"Do you think this tastes ok?" I asked him with the most innocent expression I have.
He took the cube like it was his favorite dessert and popped it into his mouth.
"It is the best ice I have ever had," he grinned.
My phone buzzed again.
Tell the server that that is all you need right now, and eat your dinner. You will need the energy before the night is over.
"Thanks, dear, but I think that will be all for now," I winked. I ignored Jake, and I ate my dinner. The fish was delicious, and I had eaten everything on my plate before long.
I had just finished when the server came back. Jake handed me a dessert menu and stood there looking at my breasts while I looked over the menu. I ordered some ice cream, and a few minutes later, he brought it back along with the bill in its folder.
I finished the dessert and opened the bill to see that the entire meal had been on the house. Jake had written a note telling me that I had made his day and that dinner was on him. Tucked behind the bill was a folded note from Donna.
The boy you have been teasing all night is my twin brother, slut.
The only girlfriend he ever had was a fucking tease. She dumped him six months ago, breaking his heart. Since then, he has spent most of his time working or at school. I won't let another fucking bitch screw him up worse. As far as I know, he's still a virgin, so tonight, you will make him a man.
We leave work in ten minutes, so you will stand outside next to your car and wait for us.
I stared at the note for a few minutes and decided to go to the restroom again. When I returned, I dropped $20 on the table for Jake's tip and walked to the front of the restaurant.
The area was packed with couples waiting for their table. A hush fell over the group as some pointed at me and whispered.
Some weren't as quiet as they thought, and I heard myself being called a Slut and wondering how much I charged. This caused several groups to start laughing at me.
I kept my eyes down, humiliated, as I pushed through the crowd toward the front door.
Glancing at the host stand, I saw that the Maître de had changed to a woman, who glared at me as I left.
"Next time slut, make sure you are dressed properly," She said, her voice dripping with disdain.
Unwilling to acknowledge her or the whispers, I fled the restaurant toward my car. Standing beside it, I fought tears as I struggled with my actions. It was almost like I was playing a part in some twisted play, loving the humiliation and being ordered around by people I didn't know.
I took a deep breath and knew I needed to decide what to do next.
The easy thing to do would be to get in the car and go home. I could tell Ken everything and hope he forgave me.
Doing that would end the game I was playing with Pop, making everything that had happened over the last day real.
The alternative, scary choice was to wait for Donna and her brother to come out. That would involve me fucking Jake and who knew what else.
I would officially have cheated on Ken.
Who am I kidding? I already know what I am going to do, I thought, wiping away the tears. I looked back at the restaurant and waited for the twins.