When we first got married, in 1996, my wife, Mary, was quite conservative. She didn't even own a 2-piece swimming suit and would never consider going out in public braless.
We'd been married for 3 or 4 years when it suddenly dawned on me that the thought of people seeing Mary partly or totally nude really turned me on. At that moment, I started on my, still ongoing, project to make her into an exhibitionist.
I was surfing the net one day and came across a story about a couple that took a trip to a clothing optional resort. This was intriguing. I did some research and found a small, couples only, resort in Mexico, south of Cancun, near the town of Puerto Morales, called the Caribbean Reef Club.
Mary and usually had date night on Thursday nights. That week, after dinner, I pitched Mary on the idea of going on a CO vacation. I had expected resistance to the idea but to my pleasant surprise she listened to my pitch, asked some questions and said "when do you want to go"?
We went home and I showed her pics of the place and some on-line reviews and we booked the trip. I had traveled extensively, in the USA, with a previous job, but this would be the first trip outside the USA, for both of us.
We packed and re-packed and then re-packed again. Taking about 10 times more stuff than Mary was going to need at a CO resort. We had the normal hassles of travelling but finally landed in Cancun and ran the gauntlet of people hawking time shares, and found our shuttle.
We got to the resort and checked in and were shown to our room. We had a ground floor room, facing the pool. The blinds were closed when we arrived and I opened them and then opened the sliding glass doors. Mary came over and looked out the window and said "all those people are nude". At the time, that was just hysterically funny.
The resort was centered on the pool, which was clothing optional. It was right on the beach and there was a small reef protecting the beach so there was no surf. There was a bar and restaurant, near the pool, and a dining room for the evening meals. There were also a couple of large hot tubs on the property.
The pool and hot tub areas were clothing optional but they wanted to you to be "covered" in the bar and restaurant areas. It was going to be a lot of fun to determine what "covered" meant.
Mary was a natural redhead and had the normal very pale skin that true redheads all share. She was 5' 7" and about 130 lbs. At that weight, she had a tiny waist with wide hips and natural 36C tits. Her pussy was shaved smooth but her piercings were still a few years in the future. We'd brought a LOT of SPF30 and SPF40 sun screen to try and keep her from burning.
Once we were unpacked I put on swim trunks and Mary put on a Wicked Weasel bikini I'd bought her especially for this trip, along with a sheer hip wrap. I slathered her with sun screen and we went to look around the resort.
One of our first stops was the bar, near the pool. We ordered drinks and watched the people playing around in the pool. There were maybe 30 couples in and around the pool. They ranged in age from around 35ish to 60ish and came in all shapes and sizes. Most were American but there were 3 Mexican couples and, we would learn later, 3 from the UK, 1 from France and 2 from Germany.
We went for a walk on the beach and marveled about how warm the water was and the absence of surf. When we went back to the resort we scoped out the pool area and figured out where we'd want to be in the morning so Mary would have some shade.
This had been a long travel day so we went back to the room and took a nap. When we got up we showered and got dressed for dinner. Mary wore a short skirt and a very low cut top with no bra. We were seated in the dining room and made our selections as people started to trickle in. A couple come over and introduced themselves and welcomed us to the resort.
After dinner, they cleared out the tables and had dancing in the dining room. Mary and I stayed and danced for a while and I found it interesting that at this CO resort the women were dressed pretty conservatively. Mary was showing more skin than just about any woman there. After dancing for a while we went back to our room and crashed.
I woke early, as is normal for me, and went and reserved 2 chaise lounges in the shadiest part of the pool area. Nobody else was up and about yet. There was no wind at all and the ocean was calm as glass as the sun was just starting to come up, over the Eastern horizon. Welcome to paradise.
I went back to the room and got Mary to come and see the sunrise. I gave her just the sheer hip wrap she'd worn the day before. As she walked across the yard to the beach with her bare tits on display, I started to get hard. She looked around self-consciously, but nobody was there.
We stood on the beach, backs to the wall around the resort and watched the sun rise. Mary leaned back against me and I played with her tits. After only a few minutes of that She glanced around and, weeing nobody, got down on her knees and took my cock in her mouth and gave me an epic blowjob. When I came, she milked all the cum out of my cock and then swallowed every drop. At that point in our marriage the public BJ was about the most erotic thing she'd ever done.
We went back to the room and I repaid Mary's largess, in spades. Then we showered and went to breakfast.
After breakfast, we went back to the room and Mary put on a WW bikini and the sheer hip wrap. I put on swim trunks and a t shirt and we went to the lounge chairs I'd reserved for us.
We sat down and I slathered Mary with SPF30 and she took off the hip wrap and laid down. I took off my t-shirt and then pulled off my shorts and laid down on the chaise, next to Mary.
We laid around enjoying the pool and then around noon I put my shorts and t-shirt back on and we went to have lunch. We had a leisurely lunch, commenting on some of the other couples.
When we want back to the pool I again stripped off my clothes and laid down. Mary sat down and then asked if I'd put some more SPF 30 on her back. As I started to rub the lotion on her back she reached around and untied her bikini top and removed it.
That naturally meant I had to rub the lotion on her beautiful tits that were now exposed for all the world to see and enjoy. I made extra sure not to miss any spots and when I was done her nipples were hard as rocks. She laid back on the chaise and I asked how she was doing and she said "I feel like a load has been lifted off my shoulders".
Later, Mary put her top back on and went back to the room to get something. When she came back, I was quite pleased to see that she was wearing just the hip wrap. I very much enjoyed watching her walk topless through the resort, back to our chaise, breasts swaying and nipples erect.
Mary untied the wrap and sat down next to me, totally nude, in public, for the very first time. I had to get in the pool for a few minutes and let the cool water do its thing.
We went back to the room around 5:00 and pretty much jumped each other as soon as we were in the door. It was a toss-up over who which one of us was the most aroused. After we finished, we laid in bed and talked and I told Mary how hot she looked and how much I loved seeing her walking around nude, in public. We talked for quite a while and then took a short nap.
We woke up around 7:00 and showered and cleaned up for dinner. Mary wore a very short dress with a cowl neck that's open in front to her waist. It's very sexy and shows a lot or her tits, especially when she moves...like, at all.
Dinner was nice and several couples stopped to chat and admire Mary's dress. After dinner, we decided to take a walk on the beach and Mary let her dress pull back exposing her tits to the cool night air and puckering her nipples up, quite nicely.
We decided to go and sit in one of the hot tubs for a while, after dinner. There were 2 other couples there and we sat and chatted with them for about an hour. They said there was a lingerie theme for the dance in the dining room, later in the evening. When we left we told them we might see them there.
We went back to the room and dug out all the lingerie we'd brought and had a fashion show. That lead to a quick round of sex and then showers, for both of us. For the evening, I wore silk boxers and a tank top.
We decided to go all out for Mary and she wore a ½ cup bra that would eventually leave her nipples bare, a garter belt, stockings, tiny thong panties and 4" heels. She looked simply spectacular.
Mary was the hit of the party. Most of the other women had just worn a bra and panties or a nighty. Everybody complimented Mary on her outfit and her figure. We danced for a while and Mary even danced with a couple of other men, and 1 woman.
We went back to the room and Mary did a slow strip tease, on the patio of our room, then climbed on my lap and impaled herself on my throbbing erection. When we finished, I noticed our neighbors had been watching us fuck on the deck. I mentioned it to Mary and she said "I hope they enjoyed the show'.
The next day we took a cab into Puerto Morales and walked around the small-town square. We bought a few touristy things and had lunch at a local café. It was late afternoon when we got back.
We'd been pretty careful about not drinking the water and also about what we ate. Despite that, we both spent the next day in our room with some version of Montezuma's revenge. I don't really recommend it.
The next day was going to be our last day at the resort. We'd only booked a short trip as we didn't know what to expect and we didn't want to be stuck there for a week, or more, if it sucked.
We were sitting at breakfast and both of us agreed, despite or little issue, that we'd had a great time and wanted to do it again. We didn't do much that day as we were still not 100% but Mary did spend the whole day nude and even went to get drinks with just a hip wrap.
On our way home Mary said she'd had reservations about the trip but, in the end, she'd had a very good time. She asked me if this was the only place like this and I assured her that it wasn't. We decided we'd do some more research, when we got home, and book another trip soon.
This trip was very important to our relationship in that it showed Mary that you didn't have to have a perfect body to show it off and that showing off what you do have is very erotic. This trip was the foundation of all our erotic adventures to come.
In some of the pictures I took of Mary on that trip she was wearing a Wicked Weasel bikini. We submitted several of the pictures to the WW customer photo contest. She was one of the weekly winners and got a "free" bikini. I say "free" because we bought 4 more, to go with it. In 3 of the pictures she was topless. That was the first-time topless pictures of her were on the net.
As it turned out we didn't take another trip to a clothing optional resort for almost 5 years, and when we did CRC was no longer in business. So, off to Jamaica we went...but that's another story.