The hot spell had lasted for 5 days so far, and wasn't forecast to break for another 4 days at least. The relentless heat had wilted the South East of England, with the expected travel chaos as rails buckled and roads melted.
Donna loved the heat. She couldn't stand people moaning about the weather all the time. She loved the feeling of the sun on her skin. Loved being able to wear nice summery clothes to show off her figure. And most of all, she loved how uninhibited it made other people.
She compared notes with her husband John each evening about the things they had seen that day which had turned them on.
They had been married for 7 years, and had a bit of a wobbly patch a year ago when they were both working too hard and they sort of drifted apart - each not giving the other the attention they deserved in the bedroom and it nearly drove a wedge between them.
Luckily, they had decided to take some relationship counselling sessions - most of which focused on their sex life. They discovered that they hadn't been fully honest with each other, and bottled in their feelings when it came to sex generally, and what turned them on in particular. Their therapist got them to try simple strategies, like being vocal if something made them horny - and asking for what they wanted in the bedroom.
So they had started a ritual of telling each other each evening all the things they had seen during the day that had made them horny. A handsome stranger giving Donna a smile. The hot girl at the coffee shop flirting with John. A glimpse of a nipple through a top. A sex scene on TV. They recounted these small things to each other and shared fantasies openly.
As a result, their sex life was now fantastic. They were able to act out some fantasies together (like filming themselves having sex, visiting a nude beach, and buying Donna a vibrator and some sexy underwear from a sex shop on the high street). They had sex much more often than before, and in some interesting places too - in a quiet spot in the woods on a picnic. In the sea on holiday. In chic hotels booked under false names...
And now summer was here, and Donna hadn't slept properly since the beginning of the hot weather - the sticky heat combining with raging hormones and all manner of erotic thoughts to prevent her from dropping off. John was happy to help satisfy this spike in her sex drive. They spent most of their time after work either in their house or garden doing various naughty things to each other, or down the pub beer garden, talking about what they wanted to when they got home.
Tonight was one of those post pub nights. Donna had persuaded John to go for a drink, mainly by wearing a maxi dress with a halter neck that showed her beautiful breasts off to perfection. Because of the cut of the dress she couldn't wear a bra, and the thin material made that very obvious. Donna had very pronounced nipples - large and sensitive sitting atop pert C cup tits. They were tits that turned heads normally, and shown off in *that* way made men (and women) forget where they were for a moment.
She had loved the attention she got walking to the pub along the canal tow path - passing dog walkers and joggers who openly gawped at her chest as she walked. One poor chap nearly fell in as he turned to get a better look as he jogged by.
In the pub it had been no different. The barman fumbled their order because he was trying to get a look at her hard nipples stretching the fabric. John whispered filth into Donna's ear about how the barman was going to relieve himself in the toilet thinking about her. The waitress who brought their drinks stood chatting for too long, also staring openly at Donna as she played with her hair. Once she was gone, John gave a similar commentary- this time playing on Donna's lesbian fantasy as he described what the 19 year old waitress probably wanted to do with her.
After two large G&T's, they were both well oiled and getting filthier by the minute. Donna had gone to the loo and removed her soaking wet thong, which she discreetly handed to John on her return. John, was continuing to turn up the heat - telling her who in the pub was staring at her, and who would be thinking of her as they fucked their spouses later. The idea made her squirm in her chair and push her thighs together.
Time to go home and the night was still balmy. They were all over each other on the walk home - kissing hungrily and groping through clothes.
When they got home, John sat her straight on the stairs, lifted her skirt and went straight to lapping at her soaking pussy, making her cum noisily and quickly.
Donna stood and untied the bow at the neck of her maxi dress, leaving her naked save for some wedge heels and silver bracelets at her wrists and neck.
She sashayed through the house, picking up the weed tin and heading out of the patio doors. John looked at her, his intentions to ravish her plain on his face. She deftly skinned up a nice looking spliff, beautiful tits jogging slightly as she moved. From here, the neighbours could see them if they looked out of the right windows.
Donna lit the joint and pulled deeply. She kept the smoke in her lungs for a while, before exhaling slowly. Already, she could feel her senses becoming heightened; the wind in the trees, the way her nipples hardened in the light of the patio torch. The blackness of her neighbours windows...
She passed the spliff to John and sat back on the wicker patio sofa, stretching her arms over her head and feeling her nerves crackle as she did so. John eyed her hungrily as she ran her hands over her body, moaning as she pinched her nipples to hardness and spread her legs to show the slickness between her thighs.
"Make yourself come again girl. Think about all those eyes on your body tonight and come for me. Don't make a noise though, unless you want the neighbours to hear you..."
Donna did as she was told, first pinching and pulling her nipples then rubbing her clit with two fingers of her left hand and pushing three fingers of her right deep inside herself.
She thought of those eyes on her tonight, lusting after her body openly. She could feel her orgasm rising as her thoughts came back to the waitress eying her nipples with barely concealed lust. Donna imagined the girl was watching her now, perhaps mirroring her moves from the chair opposite. Just as she was about to come, a light flicked on next door and Jo's figure passed the window - probably heading for the bathroom.
She did a double take and stopped at the open window, mouth open in shock as she took in the scene in the garden next door. John sat with his back to the neighbour's house, a spliff in one hand - oblivious to their voyeur as he rubbed his crotch.
Donna had her legs spread wide, fingers glistening in the solar lamps as she furiously fingered herself. She locked eyes with Jo just as a powerful orgasm sent her into spasm, thighs clamping shut on her hands and a loud throaty moan escaping from her lips. She felt her juices gush, soaking the cushion under her and covering her wrists and hands.
When she opened her eyes again, the light was off and Jo was gone.
John ordered her upstairs, cock straining the front of his trousers as he stood.
In the bedroom, John quickly stripped and lay on the bed, pulling Donna on top of him. She quickly guided his cock into her dripping cunt, grinding down while she pinched her nipples and played with her clit - moaning and mewling with pleasure. As she drove down, pushing herself to climax an uncharacteristic volley of dirty talk came from her mouth.
"Oh baby, yes don't stop. Fill me with your big cock. I want to feel you come in my cunt. Harder. Fuck fuck fuck. I'm CUMMING!!"
The orgasm hit her and she nearly passed out. High voltage electricity seared from her rock hard nipples to her cunt, which was spasming on John's cock covering their thighs and crotches with a sweet, sticky sheen.
She rocked back, letting John's softening prick flop out of her as she lay on the pillow.
"Fucking hell that was incredible!"
"If that's what hot weather does to you, I think we should move to Spain!" John teased.
"I don't know what has come over me - I am permanently horny at the moment," Donna said.
"Well I'm not complaining- and I don't think Jo and Gavin are either - listen!"
Through the open window they could hear their next door neighbours fucking - she was moaning and the headboard was making a steady rhythm against the shared wall of their semi-detached house.
Donna thought back to Jo's shocked face at the window. "Fuck that's hot - do you think that's because of us?" John nodded. Donna started to drift off to sleep, feeling the breeze across her sweat and come soaked body. Things could get interesting next time she bumped into Jo...