My name is Pete and my wife Ellie and I live near Portland Oregon. When Ellie was thirteen she started attending an after-school drama workshop in downtown Portland, called MiMi's, and stuck with it until they tore the old playhouse down to put up an IHOP in the late nineties. Her and her friends still boycott IHOP, since, according to her, the group had been a second family and then the pancake pricks left their family homeless. She took a few acting classes in community college, but her talent already surpassed anything they could teach, thanks to all her competitive peers at MiMi's and the dedication of the couple who ran it, and ended up switching majors during her second year. She managed to remained in contact with all her friends from the after school workshop and together they formed a theater ensemble of their own, calling themselves the Popular Cabal and producing shows down at Kimberly Hall.
The theater antics of the Popular Cabal kept Ellie pretty busy and satisfied her love for the stage during our first four years of our marriage. But Ellie had shared her real dream with me, and that was to sneak off to LA and become a movie star, so that's exactly what I believed she should do. Three months before our fourth anniversary we began planning to move and gave ourselves one more year in Portland to save up money and get our shit together. She'd be twenty-six by then, still young enough to make it, but in the event that we somehow miscalculated our chances, I'd suggested she try her hand at writing screenplays as a possible contingency plan. Initially she liked the idea, since she'd always wanted to write a play, and had something about two thirds complete before realizing she didn't have an ending for it. Three months later the play sat unfinished, awaiting the return of her creative spark. But I understood, it was semi autobiographical and that made it hard to just slap something on.
My plan was equally ambitious, if not more so. To make a long story short, it started with me learning photography, and ended with me becoming a film director. I'd moved out of my mother's house when I was sixteen, right after getting into a fist fight with her boyfriend, yet I still managed to complete my rotation in a lab, earn a Bachelor of Science degree, and at twenty-eight become the Chief Technologist at the same lab. Several of the people working under me still remembered me as the 'cleaning kid'. So if anyone had the tenacity to make it in Hollywood, it was me.
The only part of the plan that concerned me was whether or not Ellie could remain content in our small cheap apartment and refrain from spending a ton of money. It was frustrating, because she kept coming up with reasons why shehadto spend money on something, and so on the eve of our fourth wedding anniversary, on the drive home, she confessed to buying a theater ticket and a new dress for a combined total of four hundred and fifty dollars, and that's when I completely lost my temper. Four hundred and fifty dollars, plus the two hundred we'd just spent on our anniversary dinner, meant we'd have to dip into our savings to pay off the credit card bills and set our out entire plan back a month. That pissed me off.
"I don't see why you're so upset," she said, as I pulled into our parking space, "how much did you just blow on a camera?"
"That's part of the plan. The dress isn't."
"So the plan is you get to spend as much as you please and I need to budget every penny?"
"How am I going to learn photography without a camera?"
"I don't know. How am I ever going to get any work acting if I always look like crap?"
I went to let her out of the old Corvette but she'd already exited and slammed the door.
When she started up the stairs towards our second floor apartment, I watched her twenty-five-year-old ass sway. The snug, black, satin dress she wore that night caught the light from the pool in the courtyard, a bluish under lighting that made her ass seem extra full and her dress extra shear.
I'd been with her when she'd purchased that particular garment. Entering the boutique I'd seen two chicks marveling at the same dress on a mannequin, as one of them said, "That really is cute, but a hem that high wouldn't look anything like that on a real person." Shortly afterwards, Ellie stepped out of the dressing room wearing it. It fit perfect and looked hot as all fuck. Her B-cups were just big enough to tent the chest, but not enough to stretch it out of shape. She'd actually started modeling when she was seventeen, she looked that good, and she could have made a mint if she stuck with it, but she quit in order to focus entirely on acting. The two chicks were still quietly browsing around the boutique trying not to pay any attention to us, but they had to have seen her spinning around in front of the mirror, and I knew deep down inside they hated Ellie something wicked. That was probably the first time I'd recognized just how beautiful Ellie really is.
By the time her ass had reached the top of the apartment stairs, I'd decided to initiate our house rules on arguing. As we entered through our door, I said, "Off with the dress!"
"Ha, not tonight, I'm really not in the mood!"
"Doesn't matter if you're in the mood, you can be pissed all you want, but noooo dress."
"Fine," she said, "Unzip me!"
Our deal was simple, if an argument ever ensued we'd have to disrobe and settle it in the buff. Silly sounding, I know, but it worked, our fights never lasted long. I unzipped her, and her dress collapsed to the floor, where she then left it in a tiny pile. The one time I described Ellie as waif I took a serious punch in the arm for it, so I won't. Instead I'll just tell you that she stood about five-four, and having never peeked at her driver's license, I'd guess her weight at a hundred and ten.
In less than two minutes the rest of our clothes where scattered on the carpet along side of her dress, and we picked up fighting where we'd left off, except nude.
"Look," she said, folding her arms over her tits, "You're about to really piss me off, and even though I'm keeping the dress, I'll make sure you never see me wear it. And believe me; you want to see me in this dress!"
For the moment my preference was for her to stay naked, but I said, "I'll never see it because it's going back!"
"No it's not, and neither is the ticket. Rico's in a traveling production, do you know how big that is? And you spent just as much on the camera––"
"I bought a camera so I can get a job!" I interrupted, yelling.
I think my tone must have scared her a little, and she actually took a moment before speaking again. "OK, I'll make you a deal, I'll take the dress back, but only if you walk around the balcony like you are now, with nothing on. And you have to make it all the way around."
I was caught completely off guard by this challenge, but she knew I had a weakness for dares, and the next thing I know I'm turning off the porch light and stepping out of our front door bare-ass-naked. Immediately the night wind stroked my privates, a sensation so rare that it felt alarmingly unnatural. I stepped away from the door and froze, as more of the pool below came into view from over the concrete edge, and its blue light passed though the black iron fence and lit up my chest and face. Ellie put out the living room light and sat in our dark open doorway, hugging her knees to her chest. I wished I was there, halfway into the refuse of our home and watching all this with a huge smile on my face. Instead, I was feeling waves of terror as I introduced my balls to the night's breeze. I took a few more steps, hearing something metal rattling in the wind out front, which interfered with my ability to listen for footsteps or rustling in the apartments.
The balcony was a rectangle with a line of ten units on each side and four at either end. I made it to the third unit on our side, where Christian Man lives. Christian Man was our nickname for this guy who hung giant Jesus banners on his door every Christmas and Easter. There was a dull thump from inside his apartment, and I whipped my head around and stared cautiously at the thick orange curtain filling his large window. It was impossible to detect any movement through the opaque fabric, and when I heard the sound again, I sprinted back to our door, Ellie barely getting up in time to let me pass.
Dull thumps were now coming from my own chest, fast and numerous. We were both laughing and she kept asking, "What happened?" When I explained about the noise she laughed even harder, "You are such a chicken!"
"Like you wouldn't have come running back!"
"Well, looks like I've got a new dress."
"We haven't decided that."
"We didn't? Because I could have sworn you didn't even make it around the first corner."
"The deal was: if I made it around you'd have to take it back."
"Yeah, and you didn't make it around."
"Correct, but we never said what happens if I didn't make it."
"You can't be serious!"
"If you want to keep the dress, then I think you'll need to have a go at it."
"Me? Walk around the balcony naked? Thatwasn'tthe deal. You lost, and you just can't admit it."
"Sorry, but it was never determined what happens if I didn't make it."
"You're right, we've only determined that you are a chicken and a cheater. Screw it––I'll do it! I'll do it just to make you feel extra sleazy for being such a cheat."
Next thing I knew,Iwas the one sitting in the dark doorway asshebegan a slow stroll past the first unit. At the third unit, where I'd heard noises from inside Christian Man's apartment, she seemed to gain confidence. Her gait became more casual, her shoulders rode back and her posture straightened up.
The fourth unit had a bright porch light, and there was no missing her pink naked flesh as she passed beneath it. But instead of showing any signs of nervousness, the increased exposure only embolden her daring stroll. In fact, she started doing that walk that gets me every time, the one where she sways her hips from side to side, like her ass cheeks are in a shoving match for center stage. She could have the dress, I didn't care anymore. I just wished she'd hurry up and run back, because I wanted to plant my hands on that ass and squeeze it. I wanted to sink my teeth into it and leave a red little nip on her cheek. I wanted to sink something else into it, too. But she was cool, and she took her goddamned sexy time.
And then, and I swear it was right as she took the step that put her at exactly halfway, the unthinkable happened: a doorknob rattled and then a door swung open, spilling additional light onto the walkway some thirty yards ahead of Ellie. The apartment belonged to this guy named Luke and he came out and shut the door behind him.
Luke was a big good looking guy who had a suit and tie job, which forced him out the door at eight each morning and kept him out until eight or nine in the evening. He told us that he did something for an insurance company, but it didn't impress me enough to remember any details. His looks and exuberant confidence where impressive enough, however, and I'd remembered seeing a couple of decent looking woman come out of his apartment over the last two years. Then one day while Ellie and I happened to be lounging around the pool at the same time he was, Ellie, being her usual flirty self, started up a conversation that progressed long into the afternoon. The guy was a talker, alright. After that Ellie and I were very friendly when we passed him in the apartment complex, but we never had an opportunity talk with him again, at least not until he caught Ellie stark naked on the balcony.
I literally clutched my heart and shrunk further into the darkness of our apartment when I saw him. He couldn't see me, but there was no missing Ellie, and he instantly forgot he had someplace to go. Ellie didn't flinch or even try to cover herself, she just kept marching forward, straight for him.
"You OK?"
"Yep. Just taking the girls for walk." As she spoke she also cupped both of her 'girls' and gave them a gentle squeeze before returning her hands to her side. I was floored!
She was still about twenty yards away and he had to speak up. "Ah, thegirls, I see."
She smiled despite his sarcasm, deeply dimpling her cheeks. I felt like a spectator at a showdown of cool. But then he was about six-three, muscular, and had a smile that could survive a war. His physical build and his composure seemed unbreakable in everyway. She was getting close to him now, and he made her mere five-foot-four frame seem like a tasty little bite sized treat. The contrast woke me up to her slight body mass and, big haughty attitude or not, I became momentarily concerned for my little girl in such a compromised position.
"Seriously, did you get locked out or something?"
"Nope!"
"So you really just decided to go for a stroll without-"
"Yep!"
"Well, there goes my joke about women not making use of their built in Hide-a-key." Ellie was not a good girl, not by a long stretch, and the joke was not lost on her. She laughed, and she had a great party laugh that pulled people in. If you happen to be in a crowd and you make her laugh with a joke, the entire room will be listening in to your next one.
She'd progressed to where he was standing, and she let her body get dangerously close to his, whispering something up towards his ear and then shaking her head like he should be ashamed of himself.
He had on slacks, dress shoes, a striped collared shirt, and couldn't have been more fully clothed, and then there she stood only inches away without so much as a bobby-pin. I've seen her disrobe a million times ––she's my wife––butthiswas entirely new. Without privacy and intimacy, and quite literally against the law, this kind of exposure was about as racy as you could get.
She was directly under his porch light, and her skin seemed luminescent against the dark green, wood planked walls. I couldn't pull my eyes away from her muffin, that small, dark, downy island disrupting her oeuvre of alluring, white flesh––an arrow shaped beacon, saying, 'Fuck me here, right fucking here between my lovely supple legs'. And goddammit was I painfully ready to do just that.
They were both talking now, just too low for me hear, but then he suddenly spoke up, "A dare? Is this what married couples do on Friday nights, sit around naked and dare each other?" They laughed together, both of them having loud wonderful party laughs. I could barely believe what I was seeing. I mean, had she forgotten she was fucking naked? My cock was ready and the candy it craved was taking her damn sweet time chatting it up with our neighbor.
Finally she started to turn away from him, but he snapped his fingers like he'd just remembered something. She was trapped yet again, and somehow the cruelty of it excited me even more. He apparently remembered a lot, and appeared to deliver one long stream of words without providing any opportunity for her escape. He must have held her hostage with polite conversation for another four to five minutes.
At about six minutes Ellie poked him in the peck and held her finger there as she spoke. I believe the gesture was meant to shut him up for a moment so she could wrap up their little chat and leave. I found myself bothered by this move, watching my naked Ellie touch Dickhead's beefcake chest. As she spoke the last few words, her finger slid down a tad. Maybe it was the alcohol, but fuck me if that didn't constitute as a flirty little stroke. Even he even looked down to where her finger had settled onto his stomach. The three glasses of wine she had earlier at dinner, that had to be what I was witnessing. She just wasn't thinking straight.
Before I could let it bother me any further, the unthinkable happenedagain. This time it was the couple who lived four doors down from Luke who'd decided to step out of their apartment. Ellie heard the door opening and ducked fully behind Luke. He moved forward and she stepped back closer to the wall. Their difference in size saved her, because the couple couldn't possibly see her beyond his enormous frame. He placed his elbow on the wall by her head, so he was hunched over and concealing her completely.
I didn't see what happened after that, because from where the couple was, they could see almost directly across into our apartment, and I'd slid completely inside and sat on the floor up against the sofa. I listened to their footsteps, and when I heard the clanking sound the stairs made, I slowly maneuvered along the floor back to our opened door.
Luke's back was jerking, and I could tell he was fighting laughter. Ellie was actually keeled over slightly with her knees touching together, chewing on her knuckle in an attempt to control her own fit of laughter. When the couple was out of earshot, he leaned over her and said something which caused her to shriek and punch him in the chest. He put up his hands, guarding against a possible second blow, and he couldn't contain his laughter anymore, nor could she. They'd completely lost it. Even I was getting the giggles. She started walking again, unable to stand up straight from laughing so hard and keeping near the wall for support.
Luke called to her, "Goddamn, you are something wild. I don't know whether to envy Pete or pity him."
She reached behind and slapped her own ass hard. The loud slapping sound echoed tightly against the four surrounding walls, making her ass seem so incredibly firm as to have hummed like a tuning fork. There was no mistaking where his eyes were at that point, he was eating her up and had been the whole fucking time.
"You're too much!" he finally said, "Too goddamn much!"
When she reached our door I attacked. We didn't even have a chance to close it before I pulled her to the floor and rolled on top of her. I could feel her skin against mine, slightly chilled from being outside. I began to deeply kiss her and she responded with a wanton tussling of tongues. I broke our kiss to smooch my way towards other lands, hanging out in the mountains for a spell, and then moving on through the gentle depression of her belly, in search of the luscious hot tropical valley. The region was already wet when I arrived, and I went right to work, letting my tongue glide across the slit until it began an expedition into an underground oasis. She had a brilliant sweet pussy, and my finger joined my tongue and circled the intricate red hot coin purse like I was hunting for a winning lottery ticket, then she cried out and caressed my shoulders, lifting her knees and dropping her thighs further apart.
I then woke up to the realization of the open door, quickly pulling my mouth away and getting up to close it. There was a disappointing sigh as I abandoned her spread out on the floor. After the door was shut I turned to find her on her knees. I moved in, until good ole Alikabobi was right in front of her. She stared him down with green-amber eyes, and then, without the use of her hands, she slid her tongue under Ali, coerced her lips around his head, and charmed the hard snake down the hatch. Ali was one happy ass mother-fucker right then.
She released him for a moment, looked up with excited eyes, and asked, "Is this going to earn me my ticket to Rico's show?"
"This is going to get you off the hook."
"Off the hook?"
She grabbed my cock and slowly stroked it, keeping me hard through this little intermission. "What naughty thing did I do now?"
"You stroked our neighbor's chest.Naked,you stroked our neighbor's chest"
"I did?"
"Yes, you did!"
"You're jealous?"
I knew better than to answer truthfully. I'd figured out early on that if I acknowledged any sort of jealousy she'd wield it as a weapon against me. "Alikababi is impatient, not jealous."
She looked straight ahead, where her nimble little hands were fraught with cock. "Well, Ali, I guess I'd better make it up to you."
She slipped her mouth over me once more, unable to fully consume it, but still managing to swallow more than enough to make my feet buckle out from under me.
I stroked her short brown hair. She'd recently gone short, and I mean she cut it so short that the back area was almost a buzz, and the slight bristle felt good poking into my palm. I coiled my fingers into the longer hair on top, until it was trapped in my fists, and gently pulled as she bobbed up and down. I then slid my hand along her cheek, hollowed from opening her mouth so wide, and felt my own cock driving past on the other side. Finally, I returned my hand to the bristly hairs on the back of her head, and cupping it, began to push her forward while thrusting my cock deeper down her gullet. It caused her to choke, but she recovered quickly by clenching the back of her tongue, a reaction that squeezed Ali's head against the roof of her mouth. A little painful, yes, but far too satisfying not to attempt again. She planted her hands on my thighs for an added sense of security and met my efforts with a gagging gasp that ended with me almost balls deep in her throat. The sound struck a nerve in me. It hadn't been anything like the pretty sighs of hers during sex, which I'd compare to a choir boy softly singing a hymn. This sound was primal, an unbridled hunger devouring meat. Un-composed passion! Guttural jazz! It hit me like a drug, shook something loose in my head, and I pulled her off me. I placed my hands on her cheeks to cradle her face, planted a big kiss on her sweet full lips, and said, "Do you really want to earn that ticket?"
Her eyes were full of wine, lust, and glitter, walking around naked and having me take her right there on the floor had set her on fire, and I think I could have asked for just about anything––anything! So I had to make it good, and I knew just the thing.
A pretty good friend of mine named Chris had a story he loved to share every chance he got. The son of a bitch actually nailed two chicks at once in his own bed. I couldn't even imagine how smooth you'd have to be to pull off a feat of that magnitude. And it hung with him,always, making him stand out as a hero amongst even the best looking of my friends. But then maybe it had nothing to do with being smooth, maybe the S.O.B. just had an opportunity present itself and was smart enough to nab it. His planets had aligned and he knew it.
Looking down at Ellie––she'd proven to be more wild than our four years of marriage had prepared me for, walking around bare-ass-naked and getting hotter than a bullet casing,––I realized my pussy moon might've just aligned with planet stud, and this might be a once in a millennium occurrence. I fucking had to act on opportunity, I had to become Chris's heroic equal, and I had to do itnow!
"You ever wonder," I began, stopping to take a deep breath before leaping into the big boy's pool, "I mean, have you ever thought about what a threesome might be like?"
Her eyes shifted on me, going from eager to surprised, and then she finally just appeared a little disturbed. She remained silent, as if I might have more to say, and I found myself really wishing I had.
She then spoke, "You're serious? A threesome?"
"I don't know," I quickly replied, "You don't think it would be kinda wild?"
"You just asked me if I wanted to have athreesome!"
"I just thought-"
"I have to make a phone call," she announced, completely cutting me off.
She leapt up and went straight to the bedroom, shut the door, and left me standing naked in our living room with an aching hard on. Her dress was next to me on the floor, so small it barely amounted to anything. It reminded me of how small she appeared while naked on the balcony. Then I thought about the dagger of jealousy I felt over seeing her stroke Luke's chest. And what is my answer to that? I turn around and toss out the idea of another woman in our bed, like she wouldn't feel so much as pin prick over that. Of course she was going to be pissed about it!
Hoping I hadn't fucked the evening up completely, I kicked it on the couch naked and waited in silence. After five excruciating minutes I got up and went to the bedroom door to listen. She was laughing, and although I couldn't hear any actual words, I could tell by the way she laughed that she was yapping to her best friend Hailey.
To be honest, Hailey is who I'd sort of had in mind for the threesome. She was cute, and just wild enough to agree to something like this as a favor to her best friend. But I'd known better than to mention her to Ellie. At least I hadn't blown it there.
On a positive note, Ellie didn't sound mad. In fact, when I heard her laugh I'd entertained the idea that maybe she was in there setting things up. Then I heard the door starting to open and I moved away. When she came out she had a smile on her face that I couldn't quite read, and she moved closer, hugged me, pressing her face against my chest, and said, "I need to think it over, OK? I just need a day or so."
I couldn't believe my ears. Even the possibility of it happening had my dick up again. I asked, "What about this?" and directed her attention to my hard on by looking at it myself.
"We'll get back to that tomorrow, too."
"Wait, you can't start something like this and then stop. You know it's gonna take years off my life leaving the job half done!
"You have got to be kidding!" I was, and she knew it, because I'd used that line before.
"And I still haven't forgiven you for stroking Luke's chest."
"Oh my god," she said, as she grabbed my hips and returned to her knees. Smiling she said, "You are such a selfish fella, Ali!"
She took me as deep as she could. Her jaw line was so perfect and clean, and the area from her checks to her chin was smoother than undisturbed cream. She'd neatly penciled her lips a deep red, but going down on me for a second time, the color began to travel outwards, giving the appearance of bloodlust. And the whole time, racing through my mind, was her and Hailey, and chick on prick on chick action. In no time at all I'd forgiven her, and she swallowed up every exonerating drop I had to offer.
The next night I waited up until twelve-thirty, the time she usually arrives home from work, but there was no sign of her. She had an eight to midnight shift as a cocktail waitress at the downtown Hilton bar, and had been taking a cab ever since she was involved in an accident. She didn't get hurt, but her Civic was declared totaled, and even though she wasn't at fault, the cops gave her a sobriety test and she ended up with a suspended license. Our insurance company really screwed us on a premium after that, so we decided to add the payout for the Civic to our savings and just keep our one car, my old Corvette. I typically dropped her off at work, but depending on how busy it was she'd get off at different times, and it just ended up being smarter for her to take a cab home. None of this is really important, but I mention it because I've always been paranoid people were thinking, "What an asshole he must be, having his wife catch cab after midnight."
When she finally came through the door I checked the clock and it read one-thirty. Apparently it had been an exceptionally busy Saturday night. Turned out there was a group that was tipping like they had it to give, so she and John, the bartender, decided to keep the bar open an extra hour. She immediately pulled a wad of cash out of her pocket and tossed it on the coffee table.
"That almost makes up for taking last night off."
The minute she said that I could tell she'd been drinking. I was actually concerned about how often she'd come home drunk from work. She laid her overcoat on the arm of the sofa, collapsed onto the cushions, kicked off her heels, peeled off her white stockings, and propped her feet on the coffee table.
I wanted to ask about her decision, but she was beat, and I thought I'd better not press it. So I waited, and listened to her run through all the gossip circulating the hotel.
Finally she closed her eyes and said, "I've been thinking about last night, the whole threesome thing."
"Yeah," I said, trying to control my excitement.
"I could see how it might be kind of wild."
"Really? I mean you're cool with the idea."
"Maybe. But I get to pick the guy. I'm not screwing one of your loser friends. I can't think of a bigger turn off than that."
My head almost spun around, and I laughed, "A guy?"
"What? Oh, you didn't mean another guy?"
She knew exactly what I meant and was yanking my chain. "No, I didn't. And you know it!"
"So, you want to fuck another girl then?" All of a sudden she wasn't smiling. "That's what this is all about, huh? Is there someone you had in mind? No, I don't even want to know."
"No, I don't want to just fuck another girl. That's not what a threesome is."
"It isn't? Then what is it?"
"It's... It's about both of us enjoying the company of another."
"Then it shouldn't matter if it's guy, right?"
"Of course it matters."
"So it's OK for you to shove your dick into some girl, but god forbid some guy do that to your wife." She stopped talking for a second and then said, "Are we arguing? Shouldn't we be taking off our clothes right now?"
It was one of the rare instances that she'd initiated the house rules on arguing, and she started to undress. I followed, and as I pulled off my pants, I asked, "So you want to sleep with another guy, is that whatyou'resaying?"
"Ha!" She laughed. She'd just taken off her white collared shirt and she reached into the pocket and pulled something out. She tossed two business cards on the coffee table next to the cash. "I throw away at least six of these a week, all from attractive guys. If I wanted to screw someone else, I could make one phone call."
"Then what? You're just trying to prove a point?"
"No, I think the idea sounds fun––wild!"
"So youwantto have a threesome, or youdon'twant to have one?"
She was completely naked at this point. "What I'm saying is, let's keep or mind open to all possibilities. You can try to find a girl and bring her home some night," she said with a bratty smile, "And I'll just try to find us some guy". She picked up one of the business cards and read it, "Maybe Stewart Ellsworth. He's a… Oooo, he's a loan consultant. That's right; he was the guy the hotel hired, a blonde guy with a great ass." With the card stuck between two fingers like a cigarette, she held her 'girls', playfully squeezing them, and asked, "What about it, girls, do you want to meet a handsome gentlemanly loan consultant? Well, hopefully he's not too gentlemanly."
Jesus, was she wicked, making me out to be the jealous one, and forcing me to call it off. But then again, just in doing this, she'd all but admitted to me how jealous she was feeling, which boosted my confidence enormously. So much so, that it made it easier to let the threesome thing go.
"Go ahead and keep the ticket," I caved.
She smiled, knowing she'd out foxed me.
We went to bed after that and cuddled. I rubbed her shoulders and neck until she rolled over and said, "I love you Peter. I really, really do." At that point I climbed on top of her and we didn't get to sleep until three-thirty in the morning.
She was still sleeping when I headed out to pick up our usual Sunday donuts, and then I saw our neighbor Luke on the stairs.
"Pete," he called, and then wasted no time in saying, "Hey, did Ellie tell you I bumped into her the other night? What was that all about? I step out of my door and,bam, I almost didn't recognize her. I mean, I just never pegged her as the kind of girl who... I don't mean... Shit, you know what I saying, right?"
"We're a couple of adventurous spirits, I know what you're saying."
"Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying. I just never thought of her as being an adventurous spirit, not like that. You know Jean and Bill?"
"Nope."
I started to realize how Ellie must have felt getting trapped by this guy's barrage of conversation.
"Jean and Bill, the Fredericksons? They live four doors down from me. Jean sort of epitomizes married chicks for me. I mean, Ellie's far prettier, man, don't get me wrong, but also consider yourself lucky Ellie's still got a pulse. Jeeze, did Ellie tell you the Fresricksons almost caught her? Can you imagine what they would've done if they came out and found what I found? I'm pretty sure I kept them from seeing squat, though. Thank god Ellie is small or she would've had some uncomfortable explaining to do. Shit, even I would've had to explain what I was doing talking up some hot naked chick. Hey, that was out of line, wasn't it? Sorry man. I'm fourth generation Italian-American––I'm just talking, don't get me wrong."
"You're fine, Luke. She's hot, and I can't deny it."
"Yeah man, you really scored. Ellie gives me hope for marriage. I mean, like with Jean, I couldn't even imagine doing that chick––probably because I can't even think about her without thinking of Bill, too. It's like she's destined to fuck that dude, encapsulated in the same sixteen by twenty apartment bedroom two nights a week, for like forever. There's something to be said for being sexually exclusive, but married girls always strike me as sexually excluded. You know, sex gets boxed up and put out on the curb with her tiny halter tops and pumps. But for me a chick's got to have a mind of her own, you know? But then if sheisinterested in sex, the marriage is always so full of jealousy that they hate each other and just make each other miserable. I don't know, maybe I'm way off base. Any advice on that?"
He wasn't way off at all. Although I kind of loved Ellie's hot blooded fire, it guaranteed I'd never lose interest. I answered him the best I could, "I think the trick is learning how to channel your jealousy."
"Maybe you're right. Maybe I'm wrong about Jean, too. Maybe I'll open my door and there will be Jean squeezing her bare titties and flashing me her snatch. Not that Ellie was doing... Man, I'm still just talking, you know that."
"Don't worry, Luke."
"All I'm saying, or trying to, is that you're lucky to have a chick like Ellie. Hey, would it bother you if I razzed her about the other night? I mean, is she totally embarrassed?"
"I'm sure she could handle a razzing."
"Fucking walked around the whole upstairs baring everything. That girl's got guts, man!"
After he left, I kept thinking about the jealousy between Ellie and me. Despite what I'd advised to Luke, I hadn't channeled my own jealousy very well. It actually bugged the shit out of me to have a conversation with him about my naked wife. Plus, the look he had in his eye as he spoke about her, and the way he spoke about her, suggested that our marriage had no bearing whatsoever on how he thought of Ellie, almost like she was fair game, and damn good game at that. I flashed back to Ellie's dress laying on our apartment floor, and how it was so small it almost looked like nothing at all. I then understood the difference between a man's jealousy and a woman's. My jealousy wasn't as simple as irrationally wanting to possess Ellie all to my self. There's much more to a man's jealousy than that, because if someone the size of Luke fucked the petite creature that fit inside Ellie's dress… well, I'd just be fucking concerned for her, OK. A man can fuck a woman and have it mean nothing, but when a woman fucks a man she is laying down trust, she is placing her body into stronger hands and toying with her man's inherent anxiety over her well being. And that double sucks!
This epiphany became my excuse to start thinking about a threesome again. And to be clear: a threesome with another woman! Ellie couldn't possibly feel the same way about having a girl join us as I did about some dude. And I knew she'd never actually bring a guy home. I was safe there. So fuck it, I'd find us a chick. I'd actually do it. I had no idea how I'd do it, but shehadgivenpermission, hadn't she? And once it started to happen for real, I knew she wouldn't chicken out or let on that she was in anyway jealous. She'd play along right up until she actually enjoyed it, and then it wouldn't be playing anymore, would it? She'd see there was nothing to be jealous of and we'd end up having one wild ass time.
The following week I went with Ellie to an early preshow party her actor friends in the Popular Cabal were having. The show happened to be the one she had bought the ticket for, the one her friend Rico was in. Most of the Cabal were this tight knit group who'd met in Mimi's, the after school theater workshop she'd attended in her teens. Over the few years I'd known them, I'd learned they were a rather incestuous bunch of buddies. And I'd been informed that when the group was still active the kids were allowed to pick the plays, and even though the couple running the program had toned them down, they were still performing shit like Grease, Romeo and Juliet, and Kiss me, Kate. It sounded like everyone had kissed everyone else as part of a performance at one time or other, and the performances generally didn't end when the curtain came down. I guess life on the stage was more exciting, and that's how they wanted it all the time, so off stage it amounted to some serious teenage hanky-panky, and they still talked about that shit some ten years later.
As I looked around the party I wondered who of her friends Ellie had dated, or maybe fucked. The very thought of it was pretty sickening. After the very first party Ellie had dragged me to, I kept imitating them, saying things like 'scandalous' with a heavy lisp. The guy's were all pretty boys who could participate in long chattering conversations with girls, and as far as I knew, only this guy Herbert was actually gay, the rest had no excuse.
Herbert was a smaller guy and was wearing a mustard blazer, black shirt and a white tie, and hair gelled heavily with a superman curl dangling over his forehead. I spoke to him more than anyone else that evening because he was the only one who seemed comfortable with me. Plus, he was a good person to pry information out of, and there were a couple of girls who I didn't know, but wanted to. Prime candidates for the third player on my team, I might say.
"Pete, Pete, Pete," Herbert sang, "why do you keep Ellie all to yourself? She never comes to our parties anymore."
"I'm not her keeper," I said to Hubert, then blamed her job, saying, "She's just been working late hours,"
I was pretty sure Ellie actually missed spending more time with her friends, and she'd become the least active member in the Popular Cabal, missing one entire production completely. But if she used to behave anything like Hailey around them, then I could see where things might have become tricky after getting married. Even as I was talking to Hubert, I could see where Ellie and Hailey were laughing with several of the guys, and one of them was describing how bad the love scene from some Heather Graham film had been. He pulled Hailey in and they both fell right into character.
Hailey had on a shear cream colored dress, sort of twenties style that hung straight down and ended mid thigh, and it did little to smooth over her nipples. It was an excellent look for her, and her short evenly chopped hair completed the effect. It was a shame she wasn't famous, because she would have made a great movie star.
The guy's hands were close to her tits, with the dress's extremely light fabric bucking gently as he gripped her side. They were kissing deeply, and yeah, they were friends goofing on a film, but still, it was weird.
But then something even weirder was going on with Ellie. She was stunning in her tight orange Versace dress and white pumps with an embroidered rose on their toes. Her short brown hair was slicked back, kind of butch, but kept feminine by her long thin neck, and she'd ventured into new territory by applying eyeliner and shadow. She looked so hot it was hard not to chase her around the room with your dick out, yet her friends managed to remain completely oblivious to her. It left her standing rigid and awkward, obviously forcing her laughter, her eyes losing focus, and then sharpening with envy on some vacant area of the room.
I'm pretty sure it had to do with me, her husband. I had a feeling that they all viewed me as a passing phase for Ellie, and they were just waiting it out until they had her all to themselves again. And until then, she'd just have to stand there craving attention, and watch as her best friend stole the show.
I don't even remember asking the question, but apparently I mumbled unconsciously to Hubert about whom all Ellie had been involved with. He was a little shocked and wouldn't say. Then a second later, actually dying to say it, he blurted out, "I can tell you she dated Roger, but then he's datedallthe girl's, so it's no biggie."
"Rodger? Now that hurts!"
"I know, I'mgayand I don't see it either. But then I'm totally into Latin men."
Roger was standing over by Ellie and Hailey, watching Hailey reenact the worst love scene of all time. He looked a little like Ewan McGregor, but had styled, wavy, black hair. Besides me, he was the only guy not wearing a suit. Instead he sported a flannel shirt that he tucked into his jeans and a bolo tie. He pretty much exemplified a soap opera's version of the badboy. He worked out, that was obvious, and he even seemed fearless, but it was impossible to get around how fake he was.
I'm sure I looked about as disappointed over the Rodger news as Herbert's dad the day Herbert told him he preferred Latin men. Herbert then said, in what I guess was an attempt to make me feel better, "He does drive a Harley, you know. And he does make Diesel jeans look fantastic."
I decided to drop this topic as fast as I could and start plying him for dirt on some of the other girls. There was one younger chick in particular, a blonde with perfect tits, a fit ass, and a face that was definitely stage worthy. She could've easily passed for eighteen, so I checked her age with Herbert and learned she was actually twenty-one, the same age Ellie was when we'd first met. She also looked like a very sweet girl––like she could really benefit from Ellie and me giving her a vigorous education on the hard facts of life. However, something told me that Ellie would be put off by a chick four years younger than herself, and I knew I had to pass on that hot, young, smoking child.
As I scanned the room, there was another girl who I'd never seen before, a very pretty Asian in a full length, red, evening gown. Herbert explained that her name was Toni and she'd just moved back home a few months ago. "But..." he began, and then started over, "I'm not going to say anything, but absolutely do not get friendly with her."
This gay dude apparently knew nothing about women, surprise, surprise, because she looked as if she could use a friend, and possibly a naughty couple to pick a lock that only a naughty couple could.
I ended up introducing myself to Toni and to the two people she'd been talking with. The guy and girl seemed to have their own conversation going and finally forgot about us completely and wandered to the kitchen. Toni and I kept chatting and I learned she had gone to LA on the same flight as Rico. They were both going to become famous, but during her three years in the heart of Hollywood she'd never been to a single casting call. Her and Rico broke up several months after they arrived, and she eventually returned to Oregon to get a degree in teaching.
"Well," she said, "I think Rico earning his big break has them all dreaming of fame again. But I kind of feel like I gave it everything I had and I'm pretty sure I'm over the whole being famous thing." It was the most level headed thing I'd heard all evening, and I could totally see why they were all scared shitless of her.
I told her, "No offense to your friends, but do they really think they're on their way to stardom doing theater in Portland?" She laughed, and I continued, "Have you noticed they treat Ellie like an outsider ever since she got married, because that's always been my take on it. And the way I hear it; they talked her out of modeling when she was younger, like modeling wasn't good enough.Modeling!I'm in full support of her acting, but––modeling? Their influence on her is freaking horrible."
My beef was real but I'd bitched about it in a lighthearted tone, so she laughed some more, and then admitted to being a victim of the very same ridiculous standards. The rest of our time together we spent discussing her future as a teacher. She wanted to teach a theater workshop, possibly like the one they'd all attended. She completely lit up as we talked about it, and looked even more beautiful. She'd bleached her hair a brassy red and kept it in a bun pierced by black chopsticks, while shorter bangs hid most of her forehead. She had slightly chubby cheeks situated high on her face and a smaller jaw, making her almost baby doll like.
When it was time for them to head off to Rico's play, I noticed Ellie looking at me like I was a right bastard. Toni was handing me her number at the time and I can't imagine it looked too good. The whole point was to have a threesome, though, and I'd let Ellie know that soon enough. And Toni knew I was married, so I didn't feel guilty about that, either. In fact, I kept entertaining the image of the three of us in tangled pleasure, as rays of heavenly light fell upon us.
I shot pool at a friend's house while Ellie and her friends sat through the play, and then they ended up going back to the Hilton, the same one where Ellie worked, but forgot to call me. When I got a hold of her it sounded as if she'd already been drinking. No doubt, John, her friend who got her the job, was bartending. He hadn't been at the party earlier, and I could only assume that meant he couldn't get the night off.
John was OK compared to the rest of her entourage. Yeah, he'd probably sang and danced on stage, but he was a big drinker as far as I could tell, which loosened him up some. And he was capable of at least a few sick thoughts, which allowed us to have several conversations about real shit, like Dub music and Jessica Alba's ass.
However, he was the one feeding Ellie drinks at the bar, mainly so he'd have a drinking buddy when it was slow, and I'm not sure how I felt about that. At first it was only the weekends, but a month into the job had her coming home drunk four nights a week. On the upside, she was always ready to fuck on these nights and I socked it to her real nasty with a ton of encouragement on her end. On the downside, I worried about her waiting drunk out in front of the Hilton after midnight for a cab, and where the drinking might eventually lead.
When I arrived she was on the dance floor with some guy I'd never met, dancing to that horrible Sugar Ray song. There'd been a wedding in one of the banquet rooms, and it looked as if the remnants of the party had ended up at the bar.
I took a seat on one of the stools, and just as I'd expected, John was bartending and handed me a beer. He told me it was on Ellie's tab, which meant it was free. It looked like it had been a busy night but things were finally slowing down.
I'd managed to make eye contact with Ellie, yet she continued dancing with this guy and wasn't being at all reserved with her moves. Was this payback I was witnessing? If so, fuck it, I wasn't going to do a damn thing. Besides, I'm not a great dancer and Ellie is, so I always cut her some slack on the dance floor.
With her partner less than a foot away, she waved her hands by her head, occasionally stroking the buzzed area of her hair and down to her neck, with her elbows out to either side, as if to clear the an area for her ass to really do its thing. And her ass did just that. It rose and shook, cut side to side, thrust forward and jerked back, and if my dad were still alive, he'd call it as he saw it, and that being public masturbation.
Hailey and her partner danced beside them, and Hailey matched Ellie move for move. Hailey's partner, however, didn't look nearly as drunk as Ellie's. Ellie's guy was pretty big, dressed in a blue collard shirt that tugged across his chest and navy blue slacks. Big and drunk––smart move Ellie! Sweat had formed under his armpits, so I'm pretty sure he'd been dancing for awhile and wouldn't be keeping up with her much longer. Towards the end of the song, he held his hands off to either side of her at the same level as her hips, and it conjured up the image of bear wading in the river and waiting for his chance to claw up a slippery trout.
And what a trout! Ellie's new dress was made for attracting attention, having a slight elasticity that hugged to every curve, and clung to the underside of her breasts, so the tender, flawless shapes of her B-cups were entirely defined.
Since I'd arrived, they'd danced three dances, and as the third song ended, Ellie turned around and kissed the guy's cheek in a polite thank-you-for-the-dance-but-now-it's-time-to-go kind of way. She then started walking towards the bar.
He, however, had other ideas, and grabbed her arm as he struck up a grand Fred Astaire pose. She chuckled and pointed back over her shoulder with her thumb towards me. Instead of releasing her he reached for her other hand, and when she didn't take it he leaned forward to speak directly into her right ear.
I got up and began walking towards them. I could see she was smiling as he pressed his face to hers, trying to be heard over the music, but her smile wasn't real; it was just her way of keeping things from getting ugly.
He still had a hold of her arm and the size of his hairy fingers on her once again reminded me how small she was. It made me think of her black dress that seemed almost nothing laying on our apartment floor, and Big Luke completely hiding her with his own body from our neighbors. She'd bitten off more than she could chew with this guy, and he was nearly as big as Luke. It looked like she'd agreed to dance one more song, Cake's 'Never There', and they started before I could reach her. Right away he was dancing close enough to make contact with her. I guess this was a last desperate attempt at a seduction, which had clearly been his intent all along.
I placed a hand on his shoulder and yelled that I needed my wife for a minute. He stood back a bit and looked at me confused. I could see his baggy slacks had some life forming in the crotch. That was enough to really piss me off, and a big indicator that this was foreplay to him, not just dancing. His dick had rubbed my wife. In his drunken fucking mind he probably imagined his dick tearing right on through that skimpy four-hundred dollar piece if cloth. I was seriously considering waking that big chump from his dream with something hard of my own––my fist!
Then he peered behind me, seeing something that didn't please him too much. I checked to see what, and there were Robert, the pseudo bad boy who drove a Harley and worked out a lot, and behind him, Hubert, the gay guy. My backup was more humiliating than helpful.
But they both appeared as equally concerned as I, and it dawned on me that Ellie wasn't only getting back at me for talking to Toni, she was also getting back at all her friends for shunning her. This little display of hers was meant to remind us all that she could be a real live wire and still very capable of stealing the show.
Hailey had finally looked up from her dancing daze, and her partner appeared to be positioning himself with the rest of us. Ellie hugged me, and the guy became aware of his position, shook his head to clear it, and apologized to me. Then to Ellie, said, "You're just an awesome dancer. I didn't mean anything." His words were marred by his strained voice, the result of his heated pursuit coming to a shockingly abrupt end, as if someone had popped his fuck-doll mid stroke.
"It's OK," she responded, putting her arm around my waist and grasping my shoulder with her other hand, signaling that I was her one and only man. I then noticed I'd become a bit aroused, myself. There was a strange innocent eroticism about the incident. Oddly enough, the situation felt like a fairytale––spotting a princess being ravished by an ogre, and then stepping in to rescue her––it was pretty fucking hot.
"I didn't mean nothing," the ogre spoke over the music again, and then stopped. "You're just a really good dancer. Thanks!"
When we reached the bar we could hear each other, and we split the last of my beer as she talked about how great the play and Rico were and that I should really go with her one of these days. Then I made the mistake of joking about her choice in dance partners. She quickly asserted that she could handle herself, and then, half playing and half threatening, said, "Well, I was actually thinking about getting us a big muscle bound playmate. He would have been perfect, don't you think?"
I sipped my beer, not about to let her push my button, but I must've looked a little peeved, because John came by right then and said, "Jesus, do you two ever do anything other than fight?"
"Occasionally we watch TV," I said.
"By the way, Ellie, that dress is kickin'. But then I'm sure you've been hearing that all night."
"Actually, no. Other than Pete and Hailey, you're the first to say anything."
"Aw fuck, the entourage is jealous, Ellie, not just of the dress, but because you found someone who isn't going to stargaze in the mirror twenty-four-seven."
"This is why John's a great bartender, people come in here to get drunk on liqueur and end up drunk with words of encouragement."
"And what were the words of encouragement you used on Jocko Homo out on the dance floor?"
"You guys are so messed up! We were dancing. What's wrong with dancing?"
"You're right," he retreated, "There's nothing wrong with a little dancing. Plus, I thought I was finally going to get a chance to use this." He pulled up a little canister of pepper spray from the underside of the bar. "Speaking of which…"
He was looking past us, and then I saw the big guy coming up to join us at the bar. He was polite and tried to apologize once again, slurring that he was just having fun, and wanted everyone to have fun, and dancing was so much fun and she was a really good dancer, she was a really, really good dancer and he thought she was having fun dancing so he just wanted her to have fun and, of course, he didn't mean anything by it.
Ellie asked if her skills as a dancer were worth a shot of tequila, and the guy ended up buying us all a round.
He had a friend with him now, and his friend tried to explain that he really shouldn't drink it. But he didn't listen, and we all drank. John even poured himself one. I decided to make that drink my last because I needed to get us home later, but Ellie had already asked for another round. John explained it couldn't all go on her 'tab' and so she pulled out a twenty and paid.
I declined when she handed mine to me, and so she slid my shot to the big guy. I mentioned to Ellie that she might consider passing, too, saying, "If you really want him to feel it, slide yours over." She was in a fun mood though, and I could see there was no chance of giving up that shot.
John poured a little extra for the guy and after slugging both his and mine back he didn't look too good. The dress Ellie wore had a slight 'V' dip, exposing a bit of cleavage, which the big guy starred directly at, making no attempt to be coy about it. The drink hit his legs first, so he was literally sinking down the bar and inching his face closer to her tits by the second. His friend got him out of there just before he fell, even though he wanted to stay and tell Ellie what a great dancer she is––what a really, really, really great dancer she is.
"God, he's going to wake up a huge pile of shit tomorrow," I said.
"See, I think I can take care of myself fairly well, wouldn't you say?"
"You got a mean streak, girl," John taunted.
"Look who's talking, I saw whatyoudid. His tequila was practically overflowing."
Then a customer showed up so John had to go, and I kidded Ellie some more about dancing with that slob, and what it would actually be like if she'd brought that loser home.
"And who would your pick be, that girl you were talking to at the party?"
"You mean Toni?"
Becoming a bit flustered she said, "That's exactly who I mean. Or maybe you already have that little Jap slut back at our apartment."
Ellie didn't have a raciest bone in her body, just a nasty habit saying the meanest thing she could think of when she felt herself attacked, although, it hardly seemed as if things had escalated to that point. Nonetheless, the word Jap torched my ears and I spit out a little beer in surprise.
John was back and quickly read our faces. "You're fighting again? I can't even leave to help one customer before you guys launch into it."
"It's called foreplay, John. The sex is always better after a good juicy fight."
"OK, but you know the house rules about fighting, right?"
She hit his arm, and admitted to me "I told him about our house rules on fighting, and now he's threatening to put them into practice here."
I didn't quite know what to think about her revealing our little game of arguing in the nude. It was pretty embarrassing.
"She told me you'd dared her to walk around the apartment complex naked, Pete. That's awesome!"
"Oh," Ellie piped up, "I didn't tell you that I bumped into Luke yesterday. He said he didn't recognize me with my clothes on. He was full of corny lines. Like a half hour's worth. It was even more uncomfortable than the other night because I think he was actually flirting with me."
"That's usually when I fall in love," John said, "the instant a woman shows me her tits. But seriously, back to what I was saying, you two always end up in bed after a fight?"
"Yep!" Ellie answered for both of us. Then she looked at me and smiled, "Actually, I think that's the only reason we fight anymore."
I looked back at her in amazement, she was right, and I wondered how she understood this huge facet of our relationship when it had completely eluded me. Hell, itwasour relationship. All this time I'd imagined us arguing logic, when in reality we'd been toying with the chemistry behind our arousal. Then from out of nowhere came the image of me nailing her doggie style while I shoved her face into Toni's lovely little snatch. The fact that Ellie played hard to get when talking about a threesome made it even more enticing. And it just sounded as if underneath all her piss and vinegar she might have been feeling the same way.
I quit exploring my epiphany when she started to ask John a question, but continued to look at me as she did so, and somehow I new it was going to be bad. "So, John, what do you think of Toni?"
"Why? Did she say something about me?"
Ellie turned and looked at him in surprise. "No, but why did you ask that?"
"I dunno. It just sounded like maybe that's where you were going."
"You like her, don't you?"
"I…"
"Oh, no you don't! Tell me you do not have a crush on her."
"She's OK, Ellie. She's different since she returned form LA."
"I'll have to take your word for it," she said, and then while looking accusingly at me again, "Because I didn't have a chance to talk to her."
"You two are always arguing," I interjected, trying to be funny.
"So why thendidyou ask me about Toni?"
"I wanted your opinion."
"On what?"
"Let's pretend you don't like her, which you don't, do you think she'd make a good candidate for a threesome?"
"Jesus! I don't have any opinions on that."
"Oh shut up, you have opinions on everything. And just so you know, Pete, he's on your side. He thinks I should find us another girl."
"You told him what I'd said?"
"I'm a bartender, Pete, it comes with the job."
We continued this line of conversation and it actually sounded as if John was helping me get my wife to agree to a threesome––with a girl––and I was wondering if there was anyway to nominate this guy for President. The talk was so candid that I felt rather turned on at the prospects, and then Ellie finally asked, "So I know this whole girl on girl thing gets you guys all hot, but where's my fun, huh? That's all I want know."
"OK," John began, "then I have to ask you both the same question: would you actually be willing to have someone of the same sex join you in love making if it meant that on another night you'd be joined by someone of the opposite sex?"
"Absolutely," Ellie blurted, with absurd conviction.
She was still calling my bluff, still trying to rattle me and play hard to get, and something told me that if I answered no, I'd regret it. "Sure," I said, after a moments pause. "Sure, why the hell not."
Two days later my mistake would become apparent, and boy would I ever regret saying yes.
I woke up to Ellie gently shaking my shoulder. It was getting harder and harder for me to stay up until her shift ended and she'd cabbed it home. Unlike her, I had to quietly get up at seven, hit the gym, and make it into the office by nine. I ended up passing out fully clothed on our bed the last two nights. The prior night she woke me up just to get me out of my clothes and into bed, but this time she'd wanted to talk.
"Babe, John's here, can you get up for a bit?"
"Yeah," I said, trying to focus my eyes, "What's going on?"
"I think we should try it."
"What? Try what?"
"You know. What we've been talking about. Adding another to our love life for a night."
"You're serious?"
"Yes. Come on, it'll be fun."
I was still waking up, and my mind wasn't fully registering reality yet.
"Come on, Peter. Let's be wild tonight. Have we ever regretted getting wild before?"
"John, huh?"
"Yeah, John! You like him. He already knows about us. He can keep quiet. And I'll try to swing things with Hailey next time. Promise!"
I sighed, and said, "Fuck, lemmie have a minute to wake up."
She went out to the other room and shut the door. I could smell alcohol but she didn't seem too drunk, and I honestly didn't know what to do or think. For some reason John seemed OK, anyone else would have pissed me off at the mere mention of it. I didn't know why. John and Ellie were already good friends, and even though they were a bit flirty with one another, I could never see them in a real relationship, and maybe that was why. But still, this was going to be her getting nasty with another guy, and my stomach began roiling with all kinds of fucked up panic, hurt, and anger.
They were talking low in the other room, but not low enough that I couldn't hear.
"Who did all your headshots?" he asked.
"Pete. He's been getting really good with the camera." Our living room was filled with the pictures I'd taken of Ellie. I'd pretty much practiced my lighting techniques exclusively on her.
"These are great, he should go pro."
"That's the plan."
"So, is he coming? You sure Pete's cool with this?"
"It was his idea. Of course he's coming."
"I got the impression he wasn't too jazzed to have another guy around."
"He knows this will get him a girl, so he wants this, believe me, he wants this."
"OK, but why me?"
"Why you what?"
"Tonight. Why me, here, now?"
"Oh god! Don't make me say it."
"What? What shouldn't I make you say?"
"Please. This is already embarrassing enough."
"Oh no, if I'm going to do this you owe me an answer."
"You are cruel! You're just amazingly hot!There, are you satisfied?"
"You're so full of shit."
"Am I?"
"You think this is going to keep me from going on another date with Toni."
"Would it? Would one night with perfection make you realize what a smelly catch she really is?"
"If you and Pete are actually cool with this, I'll give you a ride to remember, but it's not going to change things with Toni and me. You understand that, right?"
"What's taking Pete so long?"
They started whispering after that, probably realizing I was taking in everything they said. Then I heard dull footsteps on the carpet and the door popped open.
"Are you coming, babe?" She asked in a sweet concerned tone, like I might be sick.
"You kind of caught me off guard with this," I whispered, as she came in and sat next to me.
She put her hand on my thigh. "You know I love you, right? If this is going to be upsetting I can call it off."
"Maybe."
"Listen, John wanted me to say that when we'd confided in him at the bar about doing this, that he had no idea he would be the one we had over. He doesn't want you to think he somehow planned this."
"But you were considering him at the time?"
"Not really, no. I was still planning on that big drunk guy," she joked.
We talked for a little while longer and kissed some, and the weird thing is, I was more bothered by the discovery that John was about to date Toni than I was about another guy in a threesome with my wife. Probably because I'd had a phone conversation with Toni that led to lunch that afternoon, and I let it slip that Ellie and I were thinking about opening up our love life to new possibilities. I sensed Toni was a little interested in me, and I think I was being relatively obvious about pursuing her for a threesome. And the thing is, if she'd been interested in John the whole time, then all I did was make a huge ass out of myself.
It actually sounded like John thought this all had to do with Toni, but I'm pretty sure I knew better. Ellie had become more sexually daring in the recent months, and I had a theory as to why. Her semi autobiographical script for a play covered her time from MiMi's up until now, and she'd discouraged me from reading it because she focused a lot on her past boyfriends. I understood, because hearing about a boyfriend is one thing, but reading words that recreate all the feelings and emotions as they'd were, that was something else entirely. But I knew the script focused on the promiscuous playhouse, and it was hard to end something like that with a happily ever after marriage. I honestly thought she was trying to stage a final scene, to stir up an awkward situation and let it play out.
In the end, I half-heartedly told her that I'd be out in a few minutes after everything had sunk in. She got up to leave, and from the doorway she kidded, "Don't take too long or we'll start without you." And then, not joking at all, she mouthed, "I love you." She shut the door behind her, and I felt horribly alone.
They talked for awhile longer as I sat on the bed balling up my fist, tapping my forehead with it, and then flattening it out again. Soon they grew quiet, and I froze, realizing theyhadstarted without me. I fell back on the bed and waited awhile longer, until I finally felt prepared for whatever might be going on.
She was on her belly with John leaning over her, massaging her back. She was wearing her cocktail waitress uniform, which comprised of an unimaginative white collared shirt and a simple, very short, black skirt. The skirt was riding up close to the edge of her ass, and she'd already pulled off her white stockings, her least favorite part of the getup, and had left them balled up in the corner by the door.
When she heard me enter the room, she sat up and John took a seat beside her. She stood as I approached her, and I put my hand on her face and felt her tremble. Then she threw her arms around me and forcefully drew my face to hers and molested me with a shockingly vital kiss. Her tongue was hot, and her lips soft, and all the little physical sensations that I'd stopped paying attention to over the years were now electrifying me, and I instantly understood why she jolted at my touch. Eventually she grabbed John's hand and pulled him up, and gave him a long deep kiss, as well. Was I ready for this or not? I didn't really care one way or the other, because the one excited kiss I'd experienced had left me hornier than a Viking hat convention, and I reached around between them to unbutton her shirt. After the second undone button she turned back to me and pulled off my T-shirt while I undid the rest. It had been a long time since we'd undressed each other, and I realized I'd missed it pretty bad. When her shirt came off, John unfastened her bra from behind, and as I drew it forward, she pointed her arms rigid in front of her, allowing it to slide free. Topless before me, she took hold of my jeans and underwear at the waist, then kneeled down, pulling them to my ankles as she went, and I stepped out. She ran a hand from my ankle up to my thigh as she returned to her feet, and whispered in my ear, saying, "God, I feel so good."
Her tits looked too perfect to grab, so I just ran my hands along the side, framing the vision. She then turned back to John, topless, and seized up his lips with her own once more. I was still OK with what they were doing, and that surprised me, but then I wanted to noodle her hot little snatch so bad I don't think freight train coming through the house could have distracted me. I unfastened the single button on the waistline of her skirt, causing it to split apart and fall away. Her light blue panties took no more than a tug to free over the apex of her ass, and then they fell, joining the skirt to form a minuscule pile. It was strange how amazing she appeared, my eyes traveled from her skinny neck over her sharp shoulder blades, down the long sweep of her spine, and settled on her healthy ass. I had a heightened sense of awareness about her body, so much so that I barely recognized her, as if I were discovering it for the first time all over again. And then, as if for no other reason than to echo my sentiments, John said, "I would have never believed it, but there it is: the legendary hot body of Ellie Harrison."
"EllieRobertson."
"Sorry, EllieRobertson. Sorry, Pete"
She kissed him again before he could finish speaking. I clutched onto her bottom and squeezed, while I pressed my lips to the back of her neck and shoulders, sucking, but not enough to mark her with a hickey. She pulled off John's collared white shirt while he unbuckled his slacks. I began to finger her from the backside, and she moaned into his mouth, and then shoved him back on the couch with his slacks around his ankles. She climbed onto the couch, lying on her back with her head sideways on John's lap, while letting her tongue explore the length of his cock, and occasionally taking it in as best she could. She rotated her head slightly to increase the motion and distance that her lips would slide over the hard rod.
As I stroked her thigh I felt goose bumps rise up and she trembled like she'd received another mild electric shock. I grew an almost uncomfortably large erection, and then I caught a quick glimpse of his wet cock as she now sucked it and a torrent of rage finally overwhelmed me. And then, almost as if she knew what I was thinking, she twisted her body slightly, and I realized she'd parted her legs a little. I climbed onto the couch and rubbed Alikabobi along the little heat factory between her legs. I forgot all about ole John at the other end, mainly because I was kneeling against her raised hips, and occupied her wet, fervent foxhole with my army of one. Just being inside her made me feel secure, physically bonded, inseparable, love locked. My might and her moxie, conjoined like epoxy, ha!
I quickly learned how to watch John without thinking about John, and that made it OK. It was just Ellie wetter than I'd ever felt her, getting more thoroughly fucked than I could've accomplished on my own. She moaned passionately, but her moans were strained by the cock that she deeply devoured, and I sensed her working towards orgasm. It sent a wave of desperation through me, and I suddenly had the need to give her more than I already had. The desperation came with added strength, and I pushed harder against her pelvis, lifting my ass further up, and feeling every muscle from my toes to my head strive to satisfy the soft housing of her body, which began to welcome the increased pressure by bracing itself for each meeting and squirming for each departure. Our bodies clashed with a meaty thud, my hardened stomach gliding across her sweaty indented belly, and she inched closer and closer to climax, until she pulled her head free from his cock, squinted her eyes, and moaned her little choir boy hymn through a very wide open mouth. I had her foot in my hand, which I'd brought up beside us, allowing admittance into unexplored territory, and felt her toes curl tightly toward my fingers. Each little toe, precious, each little, painted red toenail, even more so, and they cramped tightly, locking shut, then relaxing, and then cramping up again. She was coming, if the moans didn't prove it then her toes certainly did.
I was close, too, and in another minute I was there. I grunted, felt my dick begin to throb uncontrollably, become painfully sensitive, and deliver a giant cargo of jimmy jam. I slowly recovered as her hips eased their motion and her muscles relaxed, until it felt right to pull myself free, breaking our connection, and leaving a very wet perfect pussy to close up with my absences. It was a wonderful loving fuck that had started gentle and slowly built up to an awakening rumble. That moment in Bolero were the drums become unbridled, we'd experienced that, and then we ended by fading out on a slow mellow note, and I'm sure it was that final slow mellow note that allowed us to separate and remain astonishingly satisfied. The condom I had on was practically bursting, and I was glad I'd worn it or else I would've left her a real mess to deal with, yet I couldn't decide if that would've spoiled it or made it all the more sensual.
With her slightly lost, green-amber eyes she looked up at me from her supine pose, slightly twisted to fit in between us, sacrificing posh comfort to meet the needs of two voracious studs. Her left hip jutted upwards, while her flat belly had rolled the opposite way, allowing her left shoulder to rest on John's hairy thigh, and appearing like a classically painted figure. I admit she was as beautiful in that moment as I'd ever seen her, and I anticipated basking in these wonderful feelings for days to come.
But Ellie began to move, turning herself around, and positioning her legs for her second lover, and my mood shifted on me as well. John's presence became more prominent and hard to deal with, and I continued to back away, off the couch, and into the center of the living room. Ellie ran a foot up his leg as John slipped on a condom. He mounted her without wasting anytime, and she wrapped her legs around his back, her thigh muscles becoming clearly defined. I watched his ass pump against her and her head jerk when it hit, as a lusty smile smeared across her face.
I retreated clear to the kitchen, where I felt horribly alone once again. I drank a glass of water, starring out the small window into the alleyway, which was dead silent at this time of night. There were big dumpsters backed up against the neighboring building that I could see down into, and that was our lovely view from the kitchen. On hot nights like that one, we had to keep the window closed or you would smell it.
I went back into the living room and grabbed my clothes. Ellie sensed something wasn't right, and asked John, "Are you close?"
"Not really. I…, I don't think I can."
"No. Finish! I want you to at least finish." She looked at me and spoke to him, jokingly, "I don't want you to lose years off you life."
I know she wanted me to smile at that––my own joke that I've used so many times––but I couldn't offer her that comfort, not while she laid there with such steamed up eyes and her trembling flesh buried beneath another man. Then, as sweat dripped off his Adam's apple and onto her chin, John said, "It's the hair thing, I'm sorry."
She chuckled, "The hair thing? You're serious? You have to pull hair?" Her words were awkwardly punctuated by the rhythm of their intercourse. "Did you hear that, Pete? How did I end up with all of you freaks?" She was looking back at me, with her head upside down, and she wanted me to laugh so badly, I could tell. She finally looked back to him and asked, "With me? You even need to pull hair with me?"
"I'msorry."
She pressed her check into his neck, collecting his perspiration across most of her face, and spoke with aroused tenacity, "Then for fuck's sake, John, grab my hair!"
He did, and she squealed. He swept his hand over the short hairs on the back and then took a fist full the longer hair on top, using it to pull her head back slightly. "Oh Jesus," she breathlessly exclaimed.
I went into the bedroom and sat on our bed, taking a position where the doorway blocked my view of them on the couch, and relaxed my hands, allowing my clothes to drop on the floor.
Ellie was so smart, and such a manipulator, and I tried to think just what kind of game was being played this time. She was always trying to get a reaction out of me, and react I would, but what I was feeling couldn't possibly be the response she had in mind. I didn't hate John, for some reason it was impossible to. At worst he was a pawn to her, and at best he was accepting an offer to partake in our wild fun. I couldn't hate Ellie, either, because I just had too many other feelings for her that I couldn't get rid of. Yet I still had all this rage building up, and nowhere to go with it.
About a minute later I heard them tumble off the couch, and then they appeared in my view through the doorway, sprawled out on the floor laughing. They quickly took up a new position on the carpet, with her on her hands and knees and him behind. Her cocktail dress had hooked on to his foot and was hanging off his heel, not looking much bigger than one of his socks. Bent over as she was, her naked ass to flaired out, widening it considerably into what could only be perceived as an invitation inside. He reached forward and grabbed her hair once more, saying, "Oh god. This is so wrong, so good and so wrong. Fuck that's good, fuck that's so good! This is so fucked up and so fucking good!" Her ass was up high and he began to fuck it, creating a loud quadriceps wailing on gluteus noise that traveled all through our tiny silent apartment.
At this point I put on my clothes, preparing to take off for awhile. By the time I was clothed, he was tearing her apart, just drilling poor little Ellie. Her snatch was audibly juiced up and I noticed her toes curling, and even though she was biting her forearm to muffle her moans, I knew she was cumming. Yeah, I'd hit her snatch in a ferocious way before, and I know it could rip an orgasm from her horny little heart, but stepping back and seeing someone else have a go––it wasn't right, he was killing her. Still clutching her hair, the big fucking horn-dog's arm was resting on her back, and he'd shifted some of his weight onto it, causing her tits to be smashed into the carpet. This position allowed for him to fuck down into her, banging her pussy in such a beastly way that I doubted she'd ever recover from the assault. He was fucking her like a fucking ogre!
Then it struck me, an ogre, that's exactly what he was! She was being ravished, and she was setting her man up to save her from the clutches of the monstrous piece of shit. That's where her clever little heart had lead us. She'd invited savagery in hopes of a gallant reclaiming. I stood up, and the rage in me ceased. I was calm inside, in control again, and I marched into the living room and announced, "Alright, enough!"
They stopped almost immediately, and took notice of me fully clothed and studying them with contemptuous eyes. Ellie appeared worried, almost scared, and I said, "Are you OK?"
She dropped her head, and laughed in relief, then came up, "I'm fine, Pete. But sweetie why are you dressed?" Then back to John, who'd stopped plugging away, but was still jammed inside her, "Are you almost there?"
"Real close! Like seconds away."
"Just a few seconds more, Pete. Please, undress. Come join in again. Bring Ali to me."
A vision flashed in my head of what the next few seconds would bring, and I saw John clutching her ass tightly, splitting her in two, as he unloaded his balls deep deep inside, and a fierce expression ran rampant over his face. The very thought of it sucked the air out of me, and I threw up my hands in front of my face, like I was trying to block them out of existence, then I just backed up towards our bedroom again. I could've hurt them both at that point, and that was scary.
John pulled away form her too, and said "Dude, I'm bailing, I'm totally sorry. I'm totally fucking sorry."
Ellie got to her knees, covering her tits with her hands, and said to me, "No Pete. Sweetie, no, please!"
He left quickly, and Ellie came after me. My heart was cold and numb, and she wanted to sooth me, cuddle me, kiss me, but I had nothing. Eventually I climbed into bed, because I was exhausted, and I just laid there flat on my back with her clutching onto my side and stroking my chest.
"I know your upset, babe. Please don't be mad. Please!"
"If you knew, then why?"
"You kept telling me it was OK."
"Why was there a guy fucking you in our apartment?"
"It wasn't like that. Don't make it sound like that. I don't know why. But it wasn't like that."
"Well, why then when you knew I was upset didn't you stop?"
"Because it would have been weird. And at first you seemed OK, and then I guess I just hoped you'd come back around. I gotta work with John tomorrow, and now it's going to be really, really awkward and weird. I just hoping it wouldn't have to be like that."
"You came, I saw you."
"It was sex, Pete. I was still trying to make it work for all of us. I was trying to let go, hoping you'd follow. I was trying not to let it get weird."
I was just too tired to fight her, and her sweet voice, low for a female's, too full of sultry emotion, and the effect of her gentle hands washing over my chest,didsoothe me in the end. Actually, it wasn't just her touch and talk that brought me out of it, I'd also allowed my mind to escape from what had just happened and found solace in a vision that just popped up like a fox peeking its head out of the snow. And the fox hadn't been Ellie.
Asian pussy is something to behold, and I can now attest to all the hype surrounding it. Toni knew how to stick her ass up really high, that small perfect boxy pelvis that seemed to perpetuate youth, and I rolled up on it in fourth gear, causing some serious hip smacking, cock stuffing, snatch attacking calamity. She knew what I liked and she craved this boy's cream of meat. With an almost dove like quiver in her voice, she asked for more ––begged for it––with her cheek flat against the bouncing bed and her shoulders flat against it, too. She had skinny thighs, and they were absolutely vertical with her knees at the edge of the bed, so her calves and feet hung over, that being the only way her ass could reach me while I stood on the floor and slammed into her. I was messing up that girl's bouquet of cherry blossoms. I came down on her like a kamikaze pilot, not easing off in the slightest, and crashed into her lower deck, shouting, "NO FUCKING MERCY!" My American beef barged its way clean through her soup cup of gyoza. My Louisville Slugger was jammed into a sheath meant for thin little samurai swords. I'd drilled me a hole so deep I'd come up in Japan!
I was wearing myself out and she'd absorbed nearly fifteen straight minutes of this Sherman tank versus Hello-Kitty style of fucking. To say she was a trooper about the onslaught would be the understatement of the year. I pulled out, exhausted, unable to cum for a third time, and threw myself on the bed beside her.
"Gimmie a minute," I said. She crawled further up the bed, whispering that she loved me inside her, and then lifted a thigh over my head and set it down on the other side so that her imported jasmine filled teapot smothered my mouth. I was gaga for her glowing geisha face and I was googoo go for her glistening geisha gash, yet I questioned what the hell I was doing.
I thought that after what Ellie had done, taking a lover of my own wouldn't mean a thing, but I was a dumbass, and Ellie made me pay a price for it, and now it was hard to enjoy sex with Toni in anyway other than using her as an outlet for my current frustrations with woman.
Toni didn't seem to mind, however. She gagged on my frustrations, washed my frustrations out of her bleached red hair, cleaned them off her tits, ass, tummy and even her feet. In twelve days time I'd drowned a ton of frustration in that pretty slick snatch and even left one load in her youthful little ass. And she welcomed every drop, like some nymphomaniacal martyr. As I ate her out I thought about all my cum swimming about inside her. She'd swallowed a load almost everyday, and I hadn't worn a rubber during sex, so adding the loads she swallowed to the ton of cum I pumped into her snatch, one-percent of her tiny body mass must have been comprised of my cum. The thought had made eating her a tad unpleasant, and I pushed her gently off me. It wasn't the cum itself, it was how carelessly and unsympathetically I'd deposited it. More than anything, I was sickened by my behavior.
"Hey babe, can I ask you something?"
"Uh oh! You'd rather talk than eat pussy; now I'm worried."
"Ha ha! Man you are something else. Alright, here it goes: the week after the party we had lunch, and I'd sort of leaked that one of my fantasies was a threesome––you knew where I was going with that, right?"
"I'm not stupid, of course I knew."
"Well, you gave me the feeling that you might be interested in, you know, being apart of that"
"Did I?"
"Yeah, you did. But then you were also considering dating John, right?"
"Hey, don't tell me you're jealous."
"No. No, it's not that. It's just that I can't figure out why Ellie brought John home."
"Oh god! So this is all about Ellie."
"Sort of. But it's more about you."
"Well let's hear that part."
"OK. See, I think the only reason she had John over was so that it would some how interfere with you and John seeing anymore of each other."
"Oh, you mean like how she went and told everyone that she'd fucked John so I'd end up hearing about it?"
"She told everyone?"
"Someone did. I heard about it, didn't I?"
I had to think about that for a second.
"What is this?" she asked, "Why are you getting all Colombo with me? Are you somehow blaming me for your affair?"
"No. I mean, I did what I did. But things did kind of work out in your favor."
"Ha. Wow! OK, so you think that somehow I tricked Ellie into inviting John over for a threesome with you guys by pretending to like John. Right? And I did this because I knew it would drive you crazy and you'd come to me and get even, or something like that, and then after we'd fucked, I knew you'd feel so guilty about it, that you'd go to her, confess everything, and get thrown out on your ass. And, I did all this because eight years ago I fucked her boyfriend and then she fucked mine, and we still can't get over it to this day. If that is really what you are trying to imply, then all I have to say is the bitch deserved it."
"You fucked her boyfriend?"
"I did!"
"Who was he?"
"Robert."
"Robert?The pretty boy on a Harley?"
"So you ask me who her boyfriend was but you don't ask me who mine was. Why are you only concerned about her boyfriend?"
"Wait, I can't believe you both fucked Robert. What in the world am I missing about that guy?"
"He was Danny Zukko when we performed Grease.Allthe girls wanted him after that."
"Un-fucking-believable!"
I started laughing uncontrollably. She started to get pissed, but I really couldn't stop. Finally she yelled, "Shut up, it's not that funny," but then even she began to giggle about it, and then hit me lightly with a pillow.
"Oh, it is funny! My marriage is over because of Danny Zukko!"
We finally settled down and she said, "Now listen, you can either keep talking right now, and I might get so bored that I'll go into the other room, turn on the TV and eat a bowl of popcorn, or you can put that mouth to some real use."
She started to raise her leg over me and I stopped her. "OK, just one last thing."
"God!What?"
"Does this feel real to you?"
"Real?"
"I mean, if Ellie was never my wife, would we be here?"
"Jesus! Listen, I slept with six guys out in LA, all six said they could get me a job in acting, all six lied. I broke up with Rico because he was sleeping with a director's assistant, who, coincidently, gave him his first break. Sex is never real! Gullible people who get all misty eyed over it just can't see the price. Now whatisreal is my pussy, so maybe you should try arguing with that for awhile."
She raised her leg fast and was bringing her snatch over my face when I spanked her ass and tackled her down on the bed. I got her on all fours and good ole Alikabobi broke into her luxurious temple to practice a little kung fu. Then she said in a jerky voice, "No matter how hard you fuck me, Pete, you'll still have fucked Ellie harder. And that makes me so horny I think I'm going to cummmoooi, oi, oi…"
At that point I don't even think I liked Toni much, but that was no excuse not to fuck the shit out of her. Bam, bam, bam, I went, and "oi, oi, oi" came her dove like whimpers. Each of my fingers squeezed their own deep dimple into her ass cheeks as I spread them apart to breech the cradle of hot sake lodged between them. I pulled out, only to have my muscled Mafioso crash through her Yakuza stronghold, once more. I retreated momentarily and then tore into her dynasty like an ogre hell bent on…
And there it was, the truth flashing up in my own perverted interior monologue; I was now the goddamned ogre. I was ravishing the shit out of this girl. I'd zeroed her out in my mind, and realizing it now, I started to slow down on the high powered fucking. I had no idea what to do after that. I couldn't continue, it just didn't feel right, but I then what could I say? I finally summoned the ogre for one last mission, there was just no other way, and said, "I can't do this, I can't be the Godzilla to your buttery Tokyo, anymore." Mind you, I was still balls deep.
She looked back over her shoulder. She wasn't hurt, she was angry. "What was that? You can't be awhatto mywhat?"
"I… uh…it's justsexy talk?"
"Sexy talk?" "What kind of sexy talk was that?"
I couldn't think of anything to say, and I kneeled there silent with my dick snuggly buried in her heated snatch, sensing her getting angrier by the second. Finally she yelled, "You know what? Yeah, I liked to be fucked, and I like to be fucked hard, and I like to be told how hard I'm being fucked, but I certainly don't need no fucking Godzilla to my fucking buttery Tokyo!" She pulled off my dick as the last word came out of her mouth, and then turned around and sat on the bed, still waiting for me to say something.
"I really didn't mean…" Then I stopped. What was the point? I was an ogre. There's no point in an ogre apologizing. I got up and left, getting dressed on my way to the door, and tripping into her lamp on my way through the living room.
"Oops, sorry!"
"Just get the fuck out!"
Ellie knew I was having an affair the day after it happened. She knew because I'd felt so bad about it that I'd confessed the whole damn thing. She was upset, not outraged, just upset, and we both decided it would be best if I moved out. Ellie knew I'd seen Toni again, but I never told her that I'd fucked the venomous tart non-stop for two weeks straight until we couldn't even stand each other. A few days after that I received a phone call from Ellie saying she'd found some more of my clothes stuffed in a drawer, and I felt incredible regret the instant I heard her voice.
I showed up at our old apartment on Saturday around eleven, knowing she'd worked the night before and usually slept in. I had to knock several times before I heard her sleepy voice ask me to hold on a second. I waited a few minutes more before she opened the door to reveal herself fully dressed in a tight baby-blue T-shirt and equally tight jeans. Even if she'd answered the door with a knife in her hand it would have been easier than seeing her completely dressed, because taking the time to put on clothes was a clear indicator that I just didn't belong there anymore. And three weeks was not enough time to forget her walking around in her panties and big T-shirt, her usual Saturday attire. Nor were three weeks enough time to forget how she'd wake up in the morning just long enough to give me a kiss and say something sweet, and even though her eyes wouldn't fully open, she'd smile as I neared her lips, and the kiss was deep, the kind that takes effort to break way from. Then at seven, when I'd get home, she'd be coming out of the shower with a towel around her waist and totally bared tits, and stayed like that, waiting to get dressed for work until after we'd eaten a quick dinner. It had been the single best part of my day, and it was gone in a mere three weeks time.
"Come in, I just need to get the box from the bedroom."
I stepped in and saw her clothes strewn all over the floor, and said, "I think you messed up, these aren't my clothes."
"Smart ass," she mumbled, walking towards the bedroom. Her eyes were discolored and her lack of expression made her face seem heavier, and then she said, "Sorry I took so long to answer the door, I was drinking with John last night and I'm paying for it this morning."
"How do you two do it? How do manage to drink so much and still work?"
"Ha, we only get started at work. The real damage is done after we close, at the Fridays across the street."
"So you've started drinking after work?"
"You sound concerned," she said, speaking from the bedroom, "He's actually been helping me work on some stuff. But which is it, John or the drinking you're really worried about?"
"Hey, I'm not worried about either."
"Goo!. If you had been, though, then you would be happy to know that the drinking is over. John decided he'd try a cold turkey approach and I'm supposed to be his support. Which I guess means I'm calling it quits myself, at least for awhile. So last night was our final little tryst with the evil stuff."
While she was in the bedroom I'd noticed her black dress in a pile next to the sofa, the same dress she'd worn on our fourth anniversary, the one I'd watched her try on in the boutique a few years ago. It looked smaller than ever, but it was not my concern, not anymore. Near the kitchen were her red cowboy boots, stacked up like she'd kicked them off and flung them against the island counter. She'd always considered her cowboy boots bad news, since she'd only had wild regrettable experiences wearing them out, and I admit, the sight of themdidconcerned me. In fact, the dress actually had too. It all had. I admit it.
Then I noticed papers scattered about the table and went over to see what they were. She came back into the room with a cardboard box in her arms and said, can you peek through here and make sure everything is yours."
Was she actually serious? Were we really separated long enough for her to have another guy's clothes lying around? I set the box on a dining chair and started to rummage through it, and asked, "Is this your play on the table?"
"The end of it, yeah."
It was a ton of little wallet sized notebook papers laid out in rows. She must have written them all at work, or maybe at TGI Fridays.
"The whole thing? It's complete?"
"Yeah. That's what John's been helping me with."
"So how does it end?"
"They're in order. It starts here."
"Am I allowed to read it?"
"I don't know. I'm not sure you're going to like it."
She was wrong, though. She'd explained that she completely reworked the whole play, and at its center was now a tale of rivals and how the lead lost everything that mattered as a result of the rivalry. I had to smile when she said that.
"Don't laugh. It's a tragic play. She decides to let it all go at the end, basically ending all this," she waved her hand over all the bits of paper, "And then she decides to start something completely new."
"So you end it with a beginning, that's not tragic."
"It's a little tragic."
"So, no John either?"
"Iknewyou were worried about John. No, there's no John either." She started to walk towards the kitchen. "Hey, I'm going to make some coffee. Want some before you go?"
"Actually, yeah, I could use a cup. That's too bad about John. It would've made a good ending."
"It would have made a lousy ending. By the way, he feels horrible about everything."
"John's alright. He shouldn't feel bad about anything."
"That's what I keep telling him."
I finished searching the box and the clothes were all mine, just as I'd figured, and set it on the ground. She was still in the kitchen so I began to read the play.
"Hey, this asshole in your play cheats on the star."
"Yes he does!"
"People aren't going to like him much, I guess."
"I don't know. His wife might have deserved it. So how is Toni?"
I stopped reading and caught her eye in the kitchen. "There never was a Toni, just a bad mistake."
She laughed, "That line is so going into my play."
"Don't even dare," I said, but she'd already pulled a notepad out of her back pocket and was writing it down. "I thought you said it ends with you losing everything and prepared to move on? How are you going to fit that in?"
"Well, I haven't actually typed it out on the computer yet, have I?"
"Then I have an even better idea for an ending."
"Oh god! That's something a person would say in hopes of reconciliation."
"What if the husband comes over and they start arguing? And then he initiates the house rule on arguing and they get busy stripping. Or is that even in the play, the part about the house rule?"
"It's in there."
"So there's nudity in this play?"
"Not if I'm staring in it. But maybe the couple doesn't argue at the end. Maybe they just sort of get naked because they are, hrm…in love?"
"Hey, I like that! Maybe it can go right here," I said, pointing randomly to a row of the tiny paper. When she came into the room I directed her to one of the pages, and then proceeded to get behind her and kiss her neck. Her hair had grown some and I swept it upwards with my thumb to plant a kiss right at her hairline, and she sighed and said, "Are we really going to do this? Are you sure this is what you want?"
My kisses moved to her jaw and then around to her cheek. She turned then to face me, and our lips met and then our tongues, and we quickly found ourselves in a fevered deep kiss. She held my shoulders while I held her waist with one arm and slid a hand into her hair. I tugged her shirt upwards, and then broke our kiss to lift it over her head. Kneeling, I pressed my cheek to her breast, so my tongue could couple with her nipple. I stroked her back, and then added pressure with my palm, pulling her harder into me, my face smashing her tit and my mouth opening to suck in the whole areola and surrounding flesh.
I slid down her front, placing my nose to her crotch. I quickly unfastened her jeans and licked the first pubic hairs to emerge. As fine as those hairs were, they still ground roughly against my soft tongue, but I pressed harder against them until an ache moved into my jaw, and I slid my stiff tongue down, continuing with the same intense pressure, feeling each hair dig into the raw flesh and groove it, while its forceful movement also pulled her hairs slightly and caused her thighs to shudder. I worked her jeans from her hips, squeezing them over her well-rounded ass, and when the cheeks were freed they appeared so solidly shaped that I imagined them made out of finely sanded wood. Returning my mouth to her April garden, I pulled her pants from her feet and tossed them onto her cowboy boots, which allowed her legs to move apart and for me to kiss the folds of skin that appeared between them. The moisture came quickly as I curled my tongue upwards and inside, and juice glazed over my chin. She began to whimper each time I gently circled her pussy, as if I was safe cracking her inner sanctum, and wrenching loose a more visceral passion that lives way up inside a woman. A few minutes more and she pulled her crotch away and breathed deeply, blowing out through pursed lips. It seemed she was giving herself to me all over again, succumbing to my touches as if I was a handsome, persuasive stranger nibbling away at her flimsy inhibitions, and it appeared to be almost too much for her.
She pulled me up to standing, and then it was she who dropped to her knees and unfastened my jeans. Mine required no effort at all to remove, and just fell straight to my ankles, boxers and all. I stepped out and kicked them onto hers, completely burying them. With the pants gone, she found a very erect Alikabobi and met him with a smile. And when I say erect, I mean he was like a horsebacked statue in Central Park, and then he disappeared beyond her plump supple lips, where her tongue carried out some captivating torture. Things were getting really good and hot just as the teapot started to whistle. She kept going, but it grew louder, and it was not a sexy sound. She stopped, looked up at me, smiling, and then stood as she said, "Sorry, but the teapot blew first."
It was funny, I had to admit.
While she went to the kitchen I noticed some of the bits of paper had been tussled about, and one of them had flipped over to reveal writing on the back. It read, "I've never known a guy so into playing cat and mouse, and that's what got to me, I'm sure of it. And so then one day, the cat didn't come after the mouse, but that's just fine." I flipped over the next page and it continued, "Maybe fucking John was a good thing, because Pete isn't any different than any of my old boyfriends. They're only happy if I'm two steps ahead. If they ever catch me, they can't stand it. They hate me. I'm almost sure it had nothing to do with Toni and John, or Pete and his stupid threesome. I just needed to pit the cat with another cat so the mouse could get away." I flipped over the next piece and then the next, "They're all afraid of really seeing into a woman, and too impatient to figure out what makes me tick. They'd all piss themselves if they ever felt a woman's real passion. And I just know I'm done playing cat and mouse, and so desperately need a real man."
The next piece of paper started a new thought about outfits for the cast, and I stopped reading. In fact, I stopped doing anything and stared into space. Was I really that simple? Did I really lose interest after conquering a chick and only gain it back with the fear of losing her again? Was she really capable of knowing more about me than I did? I wasn't too sure what she kept 'inside' that she imagined would frighten me, but if it was real passion, well fuck, I would've loved to have known it.
She came back into the room with two cups of coffee. We were both still bottomless, but I'd lost my erection. She set the cups on the island counter and said they'd probably need to cool, then stood in front of me and threw her arms around my neck, and said, "Now where were we?"
I looked questioningly into her eyes, trying to see as deep as I could. I painfully realized my notion of seducing her out of her inhibitions was actually an invitation to compromise her passion, not surrender to it. Her pupils seemed glazed, maybe the hangover. I tried to think of the brightest they'd ever been, which had to be the time I'd watched her in an earlier local production of A Streetcar Named Desire, and she, as Blanche Dubois, looked wildly out over the audience with enough blazing passion to take on the whole lot of us. But in my arms, her pupils were nothing like Blanche Dubois', instead they sealed off that ocean like a vault door.
I kissed her, and decided I had no choice other than to pursue her, but this time I'd have to hunt deeper. I wanted to know what made her tick. I really wanted to know. I'd wouldn't stop until I found it, and then I'd let her know what a real man was made of.
I lifted her on to the table, her butt setting down on the papers, and said, "Let's write a new ending right now." I kissed her neck, then lips. I nibbled her ear and stroked her neck with my finger tip. She nibbled back and caressed my neck. I pulled her shirt from over her head and laid her backwards on the table. I kissed her belly and I reached for the small white rectangles filled with line after line of her life, and then released them over her face, letting them shower down. One stuck to her brow where her forehead had begun perspiring. It covered her eye, and I remember when she had long hair––long black thick curls that would always fall into her face. I loved when one eye would be draped in curls and hidden from me, leaving only part of her revealed. I told her she should grow her hair long again, as I scraped a piece of paper along the side of her waist, making her skin tingle and quiver. She took it to mean that I hated her short hair, and I let her know I loved it, but that her long hair was something else.
I scraped the paper over the ridge of her hip bone, and then along the top of her thigh where it met snugly with the pelvis. Her leg twitched and she was moaning and giggling at the same time, the sensation clearly arousing yet unbearable. Two levels of vulnerability were being exploited in a single touch, and she couldn't take it. It looked as if a chill raced across her spine and she sighed huskily and curled her knees up to stop me. I then began with my mouth, and ran my tongue along her inner thigh, producing almost the same result, yet this time she didn't stop me, she let me go until I was soon dancing the tip of my tongue across her labia, and then into the opening and up to the clit. With very little motion, I massaged it, tasting the thin coating of honey that made her glisten like a brandy smothered desert. In very little time at all, she was pulling me to her, and I asked what she wanted. "For you to fuck me." I devilishly voiced that her every wish was my command. This was something new, and having her beckoning me inside was so much better than trying to pin down the wild girl. I placed her hand on her own pussy, positioning it just so, and then started her fingering herself while I went to the bedroom and brought out a condom.
I entered her and she cried. She cried tears, not moans, and I asked if she was okay, as I withdrew.
"Yes, I'm just emotional right now."
"Should we wait?"
"No. No, no, please, I want you inside me."
I started again and she stopped crying.
"Hollywood is going to eat you up," I said, in a stirring voice. "You'll be the foxiest thing since Lana Turner. And we'll buy a house in Malibu, and we'll have a dining table with an ocean view, and you'll hear the waves breaking as we make love."
I slowly thrust in and out, then I pulled out, painted her thigh with a wet streak of her own nectar, teased her by letting the snake wander through the grass, and then slipped back inside. She became more fired up, her head unable to stay still on the table, and then came good and hard, her legs squeezing against my back, tighter, and moving upwards and down, like climbing a tree trunk, and her heel hit across my spine. I pulled her onto the floor, where I soon came, looking into her face, and seeing that she'd retreated into a place comprised entirely of pleasure.
We spent the afternoon napping in bed, waking up only to talk or tickle kisses out of one another, until we eventually made love a second time. Her hangover was soon gone and we were famished, so we went out to eat at a secluded little café and I told her we should never eat here again. The food was fine, but I suggested we should never eat at the same place twice. I said I'd introduce her to something new every night and I'd pamper her until she couldn't stand it anymore. She blushed and drank from her water glass, and said, "Keep that up and you just might find out where it gets you."
We actually did make it to LA, and she's already been called for two commercials. I got a job operating the lights for a playhouse, probably not much bigger than MiMi's, but everyone keeps telling me a I have a real knack for it, and I expect to be working for the studios soon enough. And the way I figure it, I'll be directing my first movie in five years. I already had my leading lady all picked out, too. Ellie's play had a received a few nibbles, but she's waiting to see if any big fish bite before making a final deal. What she really wants is to star in it herself, and I don't think she should have it any other way. So what can I say, all things considered we are doing really fucking great, and I hope you enjoyed our story