Ling's bedroom window was just directly opposite the neighbor's son's window and she had noticed him sneaking glances at her when she moved around the room in her bra and panties. He had never even given her a second glance before until the transformation that overtook her a few days ago.
A demon called Succubus had appeared in her dream last week and told her that he was going to give her power to transform her then ugly self into a sex goddess. He had told her that currently her power was still small, and will only increase when she started spreading the lust around.
She had then slowly changed herself from a plain chubby Chinese girl into a sexy lady that attracted the leering and stares of all the opposite sex in her presence.
Ling was standing in her front of her mirror in her tiny silver bikini admiring herself when she noticed the neighbor's son gawking at her from behind.
Sure that he was admiring her tight cute ass, she pretended to be unaware and started adjusting the silver thong, pulling it up and down until yanking it high and letting disappear in her butt cracks.
Then standing to the side as to admire her side profile while sneaking a glance at the neighbor's son, she could see him lapping up the sight of her hungrily.
She then proceeded on to adjust the strings of her tiny bikini, so small that it only consisted of tiny strings and small triangles covering the more delicious parts of her anatomy. She pulled and tugged at the tiny triangles while at times cupping her tits, providing with him a great view of her cleavage.
After that, her fingers wandered to the other small triangle covering her pussy, tugging as well, and realized it was so tight that her camel toe could be clearly seen.
She sneaked another glance at the neighbor's son and saw that a bulge was appearing in front of his pants and he was trying to stroke it unconsciously.
This turned her on greatly and she decided that today will be the day she embark on the first of her lustful adventures. Her parents were out of the country, having decided to take a small holiday together.
He is indeed a great specimen, tall with dark hair and large broad shoulders. The strong aura of vitality around his person certainly encouraged her. The Succubus had told her, to increase her power, she needed to have sex with men of great vitality, as they are the ones who can help her.
Well let the games begin then, she thought!
After all the tugging and pulling, she decided to look up and pretended to gasp when seeing him.
"Oh! I didn't know you were there! I'm sorry if I've offended you in anyway."
"Oh...not at all,not at all. It was my pleasure."
I bet it was, she thought, grinning cheekily. "Oh, that's good then. Well, I will leave you then, I shall go catch some sunrays now."
Turning around, she bent down to pick up the bottle of suntanning lotion on the floor, giving him a perfect view of her smooth round ass before swaying downstairs to the garden outside.
Laying down on the deck chair outside and slipping on her sunglasses, she wondered how long it will be before he bites the bait she had laid out so enticingly.
Before she could count to ten, she heard the doorbell rang and she thought to herself,ah ha, gotcha!
She went to open the gate and saw him standing outside.
"Oh hi, it's you again. What's up? Come to catch some rays as well?" she said, with a bright smile.
"Hi..." he flushed slightly before continuing: "Well, I'm not sure if you knew, but your parents used to hire me to do some gardening. And I saw how the lawn needs to be mowed so thought I will do it now since I'm free. Do you think that's alright? I'm not interrupting anything, am I?"
"Oh I see. Sure go ahead. I'm Ling by the way. Hope I'm not in your way, suntanning out here."
"Name's Kai. And no worries, go ahead. Always a pleasure to have a lady around" he gave a charming little smile, while his dark hair flopped sexily onto his forehead.
She then settled back onto her chair, while ogling his hard body under her sunglasses. His strong arms should feel good around my sexy body, she thought, with a grin.
As the sunrays were beating down unmercifully, he decided to take off his shirt before he started mowing, while apologizing to her for any indecency.
"No no, go on. You have a nice body, it would be a pity to let it go to waste" she teased.
"Funny, I could say the same thing of you" he said, grinning. The games were underway; both of them could feel the sexual undercurrent flowing beneath.
She admired how his broad shoulders tapered out to sexy muscled arms. And he had a wonderful six packs! Who would have known, she licked her lips hungrily.
She started by meticulously applying the suntanning lotion on her arms and legs sexily. She could he was enjoying it immensely by the gradually increasing bulge in his pants.
Deciding he needed more urging, she turned on her back and tried her best to lather the lotion on her back, but finding it hard to reach.
She turned her head and said to Kai: "Hey... I was wondering, if you could help me with applying the lotion on my back?"
Kai had a surprised look on his face but complied willingly. He started applying the lotion on her shoulders, giving her a nice massage on the way.
She then asked him to loosen the strings on the bikini top, while asking him that weren't tan lines nasty things? He agreed enthusiastically and was quick to loosen the strings, letting them both flop to the sides, revealing the sides of her creamy breasts.
Emboldened, he massaged the lotion down to where the thong started and enquired enthusiastically that she would not want a tan line on her bottom as well?
Smiling to herself, she nodded and he untied the string with a quick flick, revealing a tight naked butt. He proceeded to massage her cute ass with vigor, caressing and squeezing it for all his worth.
After he was done almost oiling every inch of her back, she said "You arereallygood with your hands, Kai. I was wondering, perhaps you could do the front again as well?"
"Oh! Definitely my pleasure, my lady" accidentally brushing his hard on against her thighs, giving her a thrill of pleasure.
She turned back to the front, careful to not let her bikini slipped off the delicious parts, just yet.
He then continued on his nice relaxing massage, all the way down to her tits. Feeling bold, he grabbed the tiny bikini top and flipped it casually on the grass.
His eyes almost popped out at the perfect tits that were staring at him. Round creamy 36Cs, topped with large protruding pink nipples.
"Oh my! Kai... what are you doing?"
"Well, you don't want to get tan lines in front as well, right baby?"
"Hmm" she murmured pleasantly, then purred in his ear "well, then make sure you don't missed out any parts then..."
With renewed vigor at the encouragement, he used his big strong arms to caress both tits gently, while applying the lotion. Her lovely firm tits glistened in the sun with the lotion.
Circling the nipples at the areolae, he suddenly pinched her nipples, causing them to stiffen even more and invoking an involuntary moan from her lips while whispering: "you have the most beautiful pair of tits I have even seen, baby... and looks like your nipples are sensitive as well."
Trying to control the urge in her groin, she said: "That's not the most sensitive part yet, baby"
"Let's find out, shall we?" he said, slipping his fingers down to the belly button then down to tiny silver triangle that was hiding what he was looking forward to the most.
Flinging off the little piece of cloth, he was greeted with the sight of her pink shaven pussy, with an engorged wet clit. He was surprised to see she was still a virgin.
"Somebody is turned on, isn't she? Little sexy virgin slut" he said, while playing with her clitoris with well-practiced maneuvers. Touching the area around her pussy elicited a gasp of pleasure from her.
After a few pleasurable moans had escaped her lips, she stopped him and said: "My my, who would have known, you are very good with your hands. I was thinking, it isn't fair that I'm the only one who is naked here."
Without another word, he slipped off his pants and his six inch erect dick sprang to attention.
"That looks nice" she murmured dazedly, "come here dear, maybe I should give you a massage as well, and that looks like it need some love"
Kneeling in front of him and looking up at him with a submissive yet sexy look, she started to caress his hard dick and then stroked it up and down. He started to moan.
Deciding he needed more love, she continued stroking the shaft while licking the sensitive part of his dick. His moans became decidedly louder.
Encouraged, she then used her whole mouth to swallow all six inches of his dick, almost gagging but continued sucking it up and down, while using her fingers to caress and cup his balls. Kai looked like he was in seventh heaven.
After she felt that he was near to cumming, she abruptly stopped her sucking and licking, and said in his ear: "that was nice, wasn't it, dear? My wet pussy needs some love as well. I was wondering if you could help me out with that nice hard dick of yours?"
His eyes wild with desire, he held her close to him then threw her onto the deck chair. A lovely helpless sex goddess, he thought.
With pleading eyes, she said: "Please be kind to me... I'm still a virgin."
He walked towards the chair, leaned forward and with some slow yet deep thrusts, eased his hard dick inside her wet wet pussy.
This was amazing, he thought, while slowly rocking hard and down. Her moans of pleasure urged him on and he quickened his strokes, pounding her pussy hard.
"You like it, don't you, slut!! Your pussy is so damn tight! Scream for me! Cum for me!"
"YESSS! Fuck me, baby! FUCKKK ME!"
With all the sexual foreplay building up, it was no surprise that soon he screamed: "Fuck, I'm cumming!!!" he screamed, spurting all his seed into her tight pussy. And she came at the same time as well, squirming uncontrollably while waves of pleasure washed over her.
Both collapsed into a heap of sweaty bodies. He was decidedly spent, but when Ling looked at him, she saw that his aura of vitality had dimmed and the light in his eyes were replaced with something like that looked like animal horniness.
Smiling to herself, she walked back into the house naked.
Well, looks like the fun has just begun!