Please if you like this story, send me feedback and vote. Other than that, enjoy.
Chapter One
My life never was the same after Rose came into my life. Even twenty years later I’m a different man than I would have been without her. Rose was the girl that forced me to make that tiny step between really living life and just passing through.
Rose lived in the house behind ours. She moved into our neighborhood sometime during my sophomore year of college. I was down attending school in Southern California, although my parents lived in New Hampshire. Maybe that is part of the reason that my experience Rose is so real. There was no warning for me. I had no idea the house behind ours had new owners until I came home in May, and by then they were all moved in. And it was the shock of that knowledge that truly begins this story.
I had just gotten back from school and was still settling back into the familiar surroundings of house and home. My bedroom is on the second floor toward the back of the house. I had never really thought about it before (there used to be some old couple that lived there), but the windows of the back room of our house were directly across from those of the house behind us. The houses were part of some of the new tract housing that was starting to show up in New Hampshire and, typical to tract housing, there was only a span of a dozen feet between the two houses.
I set my bag down under the window. As I was beginning to turn away, something moved in the room across from mine.
Usually, this wouldn’t have caught my attention, as it used to be nothing more than old Mrs. Bertha puttering around in the spare bedroom. But this movement didn’t look right. It didn’t move with the jerking brittleness of an old woman. I cupped my hands against the window pane and peered across. What I saw surprised me so badly that I leapt away from the pane and out of sight of the window. It had not been old Mrs. Bertha puttering around. It was a girl and she was half naked! Suddenly, my peering through the window changed from being innocently curious to completely perverted.
I tried to slow my breathing and prayed to God that she hadn’t seen me. What would my parents say when she complained about the peeping Tom (or in my case Colin) across the fence?
But I had to look into her room again. I needed to know if she’d seen me. I figured if she was still walking around half naked then I could assume she hadn’t noticed.
Slowly, I edged around the room and flicked the light off. It was still afternoon, but the sun was behind my house so it shone dimly into the window across from me while leaving my own window in shadow. The perfect viewing conditions, I realized as soon as my room fell into darkness.
I was hoping she was still walking around half naked for more reasons than just the hope my innocence would be intact. At first I didn’t see her and I sucked in a breath in the fear that she was downstairs right now telling her parents.
But then there she was. She had only been out of sight of the window. When I had first glimpsed her while innocently peering through the window pane, she had been wearing only her panties. I tried hard to remember what her breasts looked like. I knew she had not been wearing anything to hide them, but I had been so surprised to see her there I hadn’t really paid much attention. And to my disappointment I would not be reminded now. When she appeared within view of the window again, she was wearing a long t-shirt which said “Cougars!” across the front. I didn’t recognize the mascot so the t-shirt must have been a souvenir from whatever high school she had attended. It must have been a men’s shirt that had hung down past her knees when she was younger. Now, I estimated she was at least 18, maybe closer to twenty-one or twenty-two; the shirt barely reached the top of her knees. In fact, as she moved it pulled up enough that I could see most of her pale thigh.
I only just saw her for just a moment as she walked across and out of sight on the opposite side of the window. I moved to the left, testing to see how far I could see in the direction she’d headed. To my delight I could see straight through to her bed! Standing just beyond the limits of my vision, she was doing something with her night stand. Although I couldn’t see her face, I could see just a bit of the night stand and I caught a quick glimpse of her hand as she opened a drawer, reached inside and closed it again. I couldn’t tell if she had put something into the drawer or taken something out.
Whichever it was, she moved into my range of vision again and sat on the bed, turning away in order to fluff up the pillows. Then she laid back and threw her feet up on the bed. I had a clear view of her legs at my angle. It wasn’t straight on, but her entire, pale left leg was on display to my lusty view. She moved and for a moment I thought she was getting up, but she was just reaching across herself to turn on the small bedside lamp. As the light flickered on, her legs were bathed in a warm cream color: healthy and vibrant! I felt my dick start to twitch as the first wave of blood rushed into it. And as soon as I thought of what this was doing to my dick, I was suddenly intensely aware of the way my boxers were rubbing against the head of my cock as it slowly grew. I had the sudden desire to reach into my fly and pull it out for a good jerk off. But I couldn’t do that! This was my neighbor, for god’s sake! But I couldn’t look away either. In that moment of distraction, Rose had settled back against the pillows again and she had her right hand up in front of her face. It took a moment to tell she was holding something, but then I could see how her fingers were moving just slightly, as if she was gently stroking a sacred object.
I watched as she brought her hand to her mouth. She was putting the object in her mouth, and then she pulled it slowly out again. It really looked just like she was giving … Oh, my God! I suddenly realized what object she was holding. Holy shit! I was going to get to watch this girl masturbate! It was every guy’s wildest fantasy, and here I was living it. It was hard to believe. I experienced a moment of indecision where I struggled for a moment over the morality of this – spying on a poor girl without her knowledge. Well, it was only a moment and then I was back staring through the window with the most sinful intentions imaginable!
She pulled the vibrator out of her mouth. I could now see the toy was shiny, metallic and smooth, with a slight curve to the tip. She turned it so that the tip curved back toward her body, and twisted the top (to turn on the vibration I assume). Then she pushed it across the shirt that covered the tops of her thighs. She pushed the dildo harder and I could see the shirt being pushed into the crevice between her thighs. She was masturbating through her shirt!
I decided I would give up the last of my self-restraint and unbuttoned my jeans, jerking down the fly and scooping my growing cock out of its moral shelter. I slid my fingers lightly over the sensitive head and felt a slight shiver. I was so close to cumming just being in this situation that I had to be careful. My cock felt so smooth and soft. I am the straightest guy you’ll ever meet, but I swear at that moment the feel of my cock turned me on. It just goes to show how incredibly intense it was watching Rose begin her exhibition.
Rose had her eyes closed and the details were so clear I could see the tip of her tongue as she ran it across her lips. Her left hand had moved up to her breasts and she was lightly rubbing her palm across them, obviously teasing herself through the rough cotton shirt. I strained my eyes, but I couldn’t quite make out her nipples. In my imagination, I could see them, pencil thick and rock hard, poking adamantly through the cotton shirt.
Then I kicked myself. I couldn’t believe I almost forgot. I could barely tear myself away from the scene in front of me, but the temptation for more was too much. I pushed my cock back into my pants with difficulty, and ran out of my room and down the hall to the coat closet. I know what you’re thinking: What the hell could be in a coat closet that is more important than a live girl masturbating practically right in front of you? Binoculars! I quickly grabbed them off the top shelf and sped back to my room. I took a deep breath as I entered the room, preparing for the worst, but let it out in a guuuuussssh! as I saw her still stretched out across her bed barely a dozen feet away.
I shut my door softly as I stepped back into my room, almost as if I was afraid the mystery girl across the property line would hear. I walked back to the window. Thankfully she didn’t seem to have moved much. She seemed to be taking it slow. Good. No objections here!
I stripped off my pants and boxers and then grabbed a chair from my desk and rolled it into the shadowy area just slightly to the left of the window frame. A tube of lube and the towel from under my bed completed the package and I settled down to enjoy the show.
In the time that I was gone, the scene hadn’t changed very much. The girl’s head was thrown back so that her glossy black hair partially hid her face from me. I squirted a little of the lube into my right palm, and slowly worked it over my cock. When my cock was completely covered with the slippery goop, I settled back with my cock held firmly in my fist.
I brought the binoculars up to my eyes with my left hand and fidgeted with the focus until the girl’s face leaped into view as clear as if she was lying on my own bed instead of one in the next house. I studied what I could see of her face before moving on to more tempting parts. Her shiny black hair covered one eye and her right cheek. Her other eye was closed, and her slightly parted lips revealed just the pink tip of her tongue as it flicked out to run along the underside of her front teeth. Her head was thrown back, exposing the soft skin of her neck. I slowly lowered the binoculars farther to the swell of her breasts under her t-shirt. The binoculars were strong enough that I could see the little bumps her erect nipples made in the material. I felt my cock spasm suddenly and slowed my stroking. I had begun masturbating in slowly quickening jerks without really thinking about it. I’d gotten too close too fast. I lowered the binoculars from my eyes, giving me a less detailed but wider view of the action. The girl was pressing the vibrator against her clit with one hand, but it was the other hand that had me panting. The other hand dove a little deeper, and her fingers disappeared under the t-shirt. Damn the shirt! I couldn’t see exactly what she was doing, but I suspected she was slowly pushing a finger into her pussy under that t-shirt!
I raised the binoculars again and focused on that dark triangle between her thighs. I could indeed see two of the fingers of her left pushing in and out of the hidden crevice. I felt my cock spasm again as I imagined what that pink cunt must look like and how wet it must be. I squeezed a little more lube into my hand.
She withdrew her left hand from under her shirt and before my unbelieving eyes brought them up to her lips. She slowly sucked first one finger and then the other into her mouth. Her eyes rolled back into her head and her entire body shuddered. I couldn’t believe how turned on she seemed to be by the taste of her own pussy. Had she had an orgasm? Was the show over? I had barely had time to stifle my feelings of disappointment when she set the vibrator aside, sat up in bed and suddenly grabbed the corners of her shirt and began drawing it over her head. I almost dropped the binoculars in my haste to bring them up to focus on her shortly to be uncovered breasts. I wanted to watch as she pulled her shirt up over those beauties.
I wasn’t disappointed. The shirt seemed to catch on her nipples and as the shirt was pulled off, her breasts lifted for a split second before bouncing back, leaving them deliciously jiggling as her shirt cleared the rest of her torso and she pulled it over her head, shaking out her dark hair to clear the tangle from her face. I was momentarily transfixed by the sight of her. My hand stopped moving on my penis. It took me a second to realize my mouth was open. I shut it and commenced my stroking.
She tossed the shirt to the side and lay back down on the bed. Picking up the vibrator again, she twisted the end and began gently teasing her tits with it. She very lightly brushed just around the areola with the shiny object – not quite touching the dark red flesh. Every time the quivering silver instrument grazed her flesh, she heaved a breath in, making her breasts swell enticingly. Her nipples were large and long, dark red with a tiny dimple in the center. I focused the binoculars; I could see her areola starting to crinkle as she got more turned on. Slowly she let the vibrating metal touch her nipple, ever so slightly. I could tell she was holding her breath, and she let it out in a sharp cry when the vibrator came in contact with her nipple. Of course I could not hear her from my observation point, but I could see her mouth suddenly open as her body convulsed with a shock of pleasure, and I could imagine the small moan she must have been making.
She was holding the vibrator in her left hand, while her right gently played with the glistening folds between her legs. She spread her legs slightly and brought the vibrator down and pressed it against her clit. Looking through the binoculars I could see everything in explicit detail. She had a small tuft of pubic hair at the top of her mound, and the rest of her shaved puss was bright pink which contrasted enticingly against the paleness of her thighs.
Her hands had switched their positions now, with her left pressing the vibrator against her clit, while her right played with her breasts and tweaked her throbbing nipples. The vibrator moved freely across her pussy: first pressing against her clit, then dipping down to the opening of her vagina. I watched as she slowly pushed the vibrator into her slick passageway. Her entire body shuddered as though an electric shock had passed through her. She held the vibrator by the end and began to pump it in and out of her pussy. Her head was thrown back against her pillows and her hair partially hid her face, but I could see her open mouth breathing heavily, and the soft, white expanse of her neck.
My hand on my cock had speeded up again, and I forced myself to slow down. I wanted this to be a simultaneous orgasm. I didn’t know why that was so important, but I just knew this was something I wanted to share with this beautiful stranger across the street. I watched her face closely to judge how close she was getting. Even though I had never seen this girl in my life before, I knew that I would be able to tell the moment her orgasm began to hit her.
Her slow thrusts with the vibrator were quickening, and soon she was pushing the metal cock in and out at a blinding speed. Her other hand had left her breasts and were rubbing her clit in a blur. She actually began to move her hips in time, humping the vibrator. Her eyes squeezed shut and her breasts bounced with the motion of her hips. I could tell she was getting close. Suddenly her mouth opened wide and her head came up with such force that she almost came into a sitting position before falling back again. I thought I could actually hear her cry through the two panes of glass that separated us.
I felt my own orgasm building as I watched her have hers. It started at the base of my cock. Then my hand hit a point about halfway up my shaft, and I quivered from the feeling: almost as if someone was tickling my entire body at once. Then the orgasm burst into the throbbing head of my cock and for a moment everything ceased to exist. I felt as though a bomb had exploded in my skull. When I became aware of myself again, it was to the delightful sensation of my cock shooting streams of cum into the air. With each stream, a small shiver of desire shot up my spine. Even after the streams quit, and cum was only oozing from the tip of my penis, I continued to fondle the mushroom head, elicited little shivers of delight from the heels of my feet to the base of my skull.
It was the best orgasm I’d had in a long, long time.
Curious, I looked up to see how my angel across the fence was faring. And was shocked to see her staring directly at me! It was almost as if she could see me. She had not bothered to cover up, but I could swear she was looking right at me. She must still be dazed from her orgasm, I decided. Just staring out into space. I smiled at my paranoia.
Then she winked!
It was then that I realized that she had indeed seem me staring through the glass before I realized who my new neighbors were. She’d known I’d been there the entire time! My cock started to get hard again at the thought, and the prospects…
To be continued…?