It was my freshman year at a small HBCU in the south. It had always been my dream to come here. I grew up a die-hard fan of the school's football team. I was in disbelief when I received my acceptance letter. Tyler Miller was headed to college!
The players were treated like kings at our school. You couldn't get close to them or any of their parties unless you had a certain level of status.
My step-brother Max was a junior in the business school. Max was a couple of inches taller than me and a tad more muscular. We were both unimpressively skinny. Max managed to get in with the football team early on. They let him come to all of their parties. Max never specified what occurred at them, but he always emphasized they were the best on campus.
Although he wasn't my real brother, I looked up to Max. He was always very popular no matter where he went. I did what I could to impress him.
My only connection to the football team came through class. I happened to be placed next to Reggie Wix in math. Reggie was our starting running back. He stood at 6'3" with dark skin, diamond earrings, short dreads, and big tattooed arms. He typically wore a hoodie with gym shorts or sweats. I was a skinny white boy at a generous 5'7". If I didn't look small already, standing next to him certainly didn't help.
Although I wanted to, we didn't speak much. He was hardly in class to begin with. When he was present, all we discussed were the answers to the homework.
As the fall semester progressed into October, Halloween rapidly approached. Outside of some lame freshmen orientation events, I had not been to any parties on campus. Halloween was a weekend packed with parties. The holy grail of them all was the football party.
Somehow, my friend Sam received an early invite to the football house. Sam was a freshman like me from the same hometown. Like Max, he was also an inch or two taller than me, however, he was among the skinniest guys I knew. We always remained close friends throughout our childhood. Sam was timid unlike me. I couldn't believe he of all people would get an invite.
Eventually, the week of Halloween arrived. I didn't have a costume or a party to attend. I headed to class each day hoping for a last-minute invite. To no luck of mine, my final class of the week began with no prospects. Surprisingly, Reggie attended class that day. No real conversations emerged as usual until the bell rang.
"Aye bro, what you got going on this weekend?"
Taken by surprise, I awkwardly replied.
"Oh umm...I don't know yet. Still figuring things out I guess."
Reggie got right to the point.
"You should come to the football house. We need one more for our group costume."
It seemed too good to be true. Not only was I being invited to the football house, they had a costume for me as well. I tried my best to play it cool.
"Yeah, I guess I could come. I haven't figured out my costume yet anyway."
Reggie and I exchanged numbers before parting ways. I headed back to my dorm in shock. I texted Sam right away. We had to show up separately with the guys who invited us, but at least I would know someone there.
I waited patiently all day Friday and Saturday for a text. As Saturday night drew closer, I feared Reggie had forgotten about me. Just when I thought all hope was lost, a rare vibration came from my phone. It was Reggie.
"Ayo brotha you ready?"
I quickly texted him back. He shot me his address and a time. I quickly showered, shaved, and got dressed. I threw on a polo, shorts, and some flip-flops.
I finished up and headed to Reggie's. I texted him once I arrived and was let up to his door on the 8th floor. Another black man a few inches taller than Reggie peaked at me suspiciously through the cracked door. It was one of our defensive ends, Von Royce. He had freshly braided hair and was dressed as Fred from Scooby Doo.
Before letting me in, he called for Reggie's attention.
"REGGIE! Your boy's here."
Nerves overwhelmed me once I entered. The air was filled with cologne and loud rap music. Reggie's apartment was spacious and modern. It had floor-to-ceiling windows and a lot of nice furniture.
I approached the back of the couch where Reggie reclined between two beautiful light-skinned black girls. The girls looked like models dressed in their skimpy Velma and Daphne costumes. They both had crop tops and tiny skirts on with heels. I couldn't help but stare as they headed to grab drinks from the kitchen. Both of them looked me over and giggled as they walked past me. I was too shy to introduce myself.
Reggie slowly looked over his shoulder. He had on a green shirt and brown pants like Shaggy. He spoke in a smooth chill tone as he rose from the couch.
"Aye, what's good fam? Welcome to the crib!"
Reggie went in for a dap-up while I clumsily grabbed at his big hand.
"This Von. The two girls are Britney and Keisha. We the Mystery Crew for the night though!"
Von gave me a silent nod. The girls remained in the other room. I felt out of place but managed to get some words out.
"Dope. Sick place by the way."
Reggie nodded.
"Yeah appreciate that. Ayo we gone pop over to the party soon. You said you'd join the group costume right? We could use a Scooby Doo."
I had no choice. I couldn't show up to the party without a costume.
"Of course, where is it?"
Reggie looked at Von. He looked back at Reggie and headed to the other room.
"I got you. It's a little DIY, but it'll work."
Von came back with the two girls and a bag. He poured it out on the floor in front of Reggie and me. The contents were a black leather dog collar, 2 black leather mittens, black latex booty shorts, and a dog mask.
The mask didn't look like Scooby's face at all. It was a black leather hood with a zip-able snout, two small eye holes, and 2 black leather dog ears on top of it.
I tried not to think about the costume too much. Scooby was a dog. As long as I stayed with the rest of them, people would understand.
I returned to the living room after changing into the uncomfortable skin-tight shorts in the bathroom. It was difficult enough to get them on. I wasn't sure how I would get them off.
Before the girls helped me with the remaining items, Reggie and Von insisted I lose the polo. They felt it detracted from the costume. They assured me I could throw it on later if I felt uncomfortable once we got there. Though I didn't want to be shirtless, I figured I would at least give it a shot.
With nothing but my new shorts on, the girls tightened the collar around my neck, fit each hand firmly in the mittens, and pulled the dog mask over my head. The costume made me incredibly self-conscious, but I was at the point of no return. I swallowed my pride and followed along.
Moments before we left, Reggie presented 3 mysterious pills in his hand. There were 2 disc-shaped blue tablets and a smaller pink diamond-shaped pill. Reggie claimed they were the same drugs from different batches. He insisted they would make the party more fun.
Reggie and Von popped the two blue pills. Recognizing my inability to use my hands, Reggie playfully held the remaining pink tablet over my head.
"Jump for it!"
Without thinking, I bounced on my toes with my mouth agape like a seal begging for fish. After a few embarrassing seconds, Reggie placed the pill on my tongue and zipped up my mask.
"We ready! Let's dip!"
Reggie and Von took to the front of his blacked-out Jeep. I squeezed between the two girls in the back. I sat silently on the short drive over.
A bouncer awaited us at the door. Before he let us enter, he took issue with my costume. He made a sly comment to Reggie that all dogs should be leashed. I thought he was joking until he called me out directly. The bouncer stated that if I wanted to be let inside, I would need to get on my hands and knees and crawl. According to him, my costume wasn't convincing enough.
I was already half-naked and collared like a dog. Having to act like a dog would be even more disturbing. Besides, Scooby never wore a leash and walked on his hind legs often. The mask muffled my words as I hopelessly pleaded with the bouncer. Eventually, Reggie cut me off.
Reggie insisted that I would only have to act this way until the costume contest. There was no hope of me getting in otherwise. The mask left me no way to say no. I was in too deep. I had no choice but to trust him. I reluctantly got on all fours while Reggie retrieved a leash from his car. After being clipped to Reggie's leash, the door opened and we were let inside. Reggie called out as we entered the house.
"DA MYSTERY CREW HAS ARRIVED!"
Everyone's focus shifted as they welcomed us with a cheer. The air was hot, moist, and suffocating. It reeked of stale beer and weed. Reggie dragged me across the damp carpet as he dapped everyone up.
We headed right where beer pong was set up in the dining room. Droplets of beer dripped from the table as I was led around it. Once everyone in the dining room had seen us, we took a left into the kitchen. The crowd in the kitchen formed a human tunnel for Reggie and me to pass through. My knees and toes stuck to the cold tile floor as we proceeded. To the right of the kitchen exit was a hallway with bedrooms. Instead of heading down the hall, we returned to the living room.
I waited patiently at his side while he greeted each person. With the music blaring, I couldn't hear what they were saying. I tried to read their lips through the small holes in my mask, but the dim lighting made it impossible to see what they said. Reggie made no effort to introduce me to anyone. Outside of several awkward stares, no one made the effort to talk to me either.
The house was littered with players from the team. Jaron Miles our star receiver, Kayvon Miller our free safety, and Dexter Wills the kick returner to name a few. Thankfully, I didn't run into Sam or my stepbrother Max. Of the people I did see, none of them were white.
I tried my best to keep my head down. It was degrading being walked around on a leash by another man. Although my mask prevented anyone from recognizing me, being paraded around in such a humiliating outfit left me too uncomfortable for eye contact. As embarrassed as I was, I kept telling myself it would be worth it.
After my walk of shame, Reggie plopped down next to a gorgeous dark-skinned black girl on the living room couch. There wasn't any room for me so I kneeled next to him. I didn't know anyone and couldn't talk with my mask zipped up either. I had no choice, but to wait for his assistance.
While Reggie talked to the girl on the couch, a beautiful white girl dressed as a maid approached us. She walked heel to toe in her solid black heels. Her outfit beyond her shoes consisted of frilly white ankle socks, a white bow collar around her skinny left thigh, a lace collar around her throat, a sexy headband on her long black hair, and a tiny skirt at the bottom of her one-piece maid dress.
Despite the slender, flat-chested beauty she was, there was something off about her. She wore a black cloth mask over her nose and mouth. Her makeup-covered eyes winced beneath the bangs on her forehead. She had insecure body language from head to toe. Even with my mask obstructing my vision, she looked oddly familiar.
Reggie grabbed three shots and sent her away. For the first time tonight, he unzipped my mask. Before I could get a word out, he poured the shot into my mouth. I struggled to choke down the warm tequila. The taste sent shivers throughout my body. As soon as I swallowed the shot, my mask was zipped back up.
While everyone else enjoyed themselves, I was treated like a decoration. I could not speak, use my hands, or leave with this costume on. I quickly realized Reggie only brought me along as a trophy to show off at the contest.
Suddenly, a fog came over me. I wasn't sure if it was the tequila or the mystery drug. My body went numb, my ears rang, and my vision faded. Before long, I blacked out.
I awoke on the floor in a haze. While I was still at the party, I felt like I was in a dream. My vision was foggy, my limbs were weak, and my body was sensitive.
Outside of the fuzzy warm feelings from the drug, something seemed wrong. The constricting feeling of my shorts had subsided. I looked down to find my penis fully exposed. I was stark naked in the middle of the party with my shorts nowhere to be found. I nervously looked back to the couch where Reggie and the girl were no longer sitting.
Despite him restraining me all night, Reggie was the only person I knew. I needed him to take care of me. I crawled around like a lost puppy in search of his owner.
Reality had distorted. The house grew larger and the people within it appeared monstrous. All the while, I became vulnerable, slow, and small. I felt like a passenger in my own mind.
My worst nightmares always involved me finding myself naked in public. Nothing terrified me more than having my little dick exposed. Once again, I found myself in that nightmare. This time, I groveled like a helpless dog before a crowd of people I admired.
Unlike earlier, my presence attracted eyes. The people in the dining room stopped and watched me like a zoo animal. They whistled and stared as I crawled past them. I moved at a snail's pace with no way to cover myself. I provided ample time for everyone to experience my shameful appearance.
Conflicting feelings rushed through me. Being exposed didn't evoke the same fear I felt in past dreams. Instead, my body heated up. Butterflies filled my stomach as I sensed eyes touch every corner of my body. In a way, it was exhilarating to be seen.
As I reached the back of the dining room, I found the maid with one of our linebackers Darren Washington. He sat in a chair in the corner with his hand on the back of her head. The maid kneeled in front of him. Her pale white butt stuck out of her tiny skirt as she bobbed her head up and down. I couldn't see her vagina despite having her bare ass in plain sight. Maybe it was the drug, but it almost looked like there was something small dangling between her cheeks.
Eventually, I snapped out of my trance. I turned into the kitchen to find 2 black men standing in my way. Even with my distorted vision, I recognized the two men. One was our tight end, James Moss. James was skyscraper-tall and shredded. The other man was our defensive tackle Tre Rambo. Tre was shorter, but much heavier. I froze as he made his way toward me.
With no hesitation, Tre grabbed the back of my collar. The fear of the unknown overwhelmed me. I was helplessly vulnerable. He could do whatever he wanted to me. All I could do was submit.
I felt his heavy hand work its way from my neck to my lower back. I stood still to avoid upsetting him. James headed toward me while Tre reached my crack. After they each gave me a few heavy slaps on my ass, James rolled me on my back. I no longer had a way to hide my dainty penis.
I lay paralyzed as they groped me. I was a toy for their amusement. James teased my nipples and choked me while Tre squeezed my sides and rubbed my belly. The 2 stars manhandled me like their bitch. The more they violated me, the less uncomfortable I felt. Being pet like a dog began to feel good. Even if I could have fought back, I'm not sure I would have.
Eventually, they dragged me by the collar back on all fours. They sent me on my way with a directive slap on each cheek. My desperate search for Reggie continued.
I found myself back in the living room with Reggie nowhere in sight. If he left me behind, any of the men there could have taken me for themselves.
Suddenly, the music stopped. For the first time all night, I heard a voice call from behind me. It was Reggie.
"It's time for the main event!"
People slowly gathered around me. I was the center of attention. I curiously looked around trying to figure out what was happening. The many eyes soon averted from my naked body toward a few men who rounded the corner.
Accompanied by 2 of our black offensive linemen, another white male on a leash turned the corner. The white boy crawled on his elbows and knees. His arms and legs were restrained in black latex sleeves with belts wrapped around them. He had a latex hood covering his eyes and ears. His nose had a hook attached to it that flared his nostrils. Along with the nose hook, a large ring gag forced his mouth wide open. The only other articles he wore were a silver metal collar and a white fur tail. Other than that, his shiny white body was exposed for all to see.
The men reached the center of the circle with me. I was able to get a close-up of the enthralling pet boy. His predicament was even more pathetic than mine. He lived in darkness while he awaited a tug on his leash. He drooled like a mindless animal unaware of the many faces who watched him. His limbs could only be used to crawl. Not to mention, the furry tail that plugged up his hole.
What caught my eye the most, however, was the tattoo on his chest. I couldn't tell for certain, but it was almost identical to the one my stepbrother had. My mind rejected the prospect of him submitting to such humiliation.
Before I had time to confirm, my wrists were grabbed. I was forced into a kneeling position facing everyone. The other boy was brought to his knees next to me. The crowd stared at our innocent bodies.
From within the crowd emerged a woman with a ruler in her hand. With 2 fingers, she pinched my penis and measured it.
"Alright y'all! It's time for the dick-measuring contest. The winner gets to fuck the loser you know how this goes!"
I heard chucking amongst the crowd as she announced my size.
"2.5 inches!"
Watching them laugh at my little white body added to the feelings from earlier. Being shown off like an object tickled some hidden desire within. I waited patiently for the measurement of the boy next to me. Similarly, she yelled out his number.
"3 inches! We have a winner!"
Almost immediately, I felt a large hand on the back of my collar. Reggie knelt next to me and spoke in my ear.
"Tough luck pup! You lose this round. Why don't you get him ready for the show? You need him nice and hard."
I had no ability to fight back nor did I want to. It didn't matter if this was a dream or not. Obediently following his commands was all I could do.
I was dragged in front of the faceless pet. For the first time since I awoke, my mask was unzipped.
"Suck it, now!"
While his flaccid penis dangled in my face, I opened wide and took in his cock. I was able to fit his entire dick in my mouth. It slowly grew in my mouth until I began choking on it. I need of air, I spit it out. In the blink of an eye, my collar was grabbed once more.
"Alright boys! No dilly-dallying!"
Reggie forced my face to the ground. I felt two other hands pull my hips toward the sky. I was in a doll-like state. Whatever they did to me I allowed.
The decorated slave boy mounted me like a bitch. It wasn't long before I felt a warm piercing feeling in my ass. I had never felt anything like it before. Drool dripped on my back while he stretched me out. I felt his elbows dig into my back as he bred me in front of everyone.
The sound of his groin loudly clapping against my cheeks was overpowered by the noise of our spectators. Laughter, degrading remarks, and cheers filled my ears while I received him.
As you would in a dream, I discarded my reputation. I sat back and watched my body be ravaged. Whatever these people wanted to do with me, I would obey.
The pleasure quickly overwhelmed me. Before long, I zoned out. My ears began to ring again. My body went limp as he rag-dolled me with his cock. My last memory before I passed out was the rush of warm liquid inside of my hole.
I awoke startled from the nightmare. I gasped for air as my eyes dilated to the light pouring in from the window. I shivered on the cold hard plastic surface beneath me. I didn't know where I was. I had no memory of going home or getting in bed. As I sat up, I hit my forehead on the top of the cage I was contained in. I looked around to find myself locked in a crate in Reggie's living room. I was still completely naked as I was at the party. Although, my mask, collar, and mittens had been removed.
Footsteps emerged from down the hall. Keisha headed toward the front door. Reggie followed behind her. They didn't pay me any attention. I watched as Reggie kissed Keisha goodbye. After shutting the door behind her, he headed toward the cage.
I rushed to cover myself. Whatever got into me the night prior had dissipated. My nudity deeply embarrassed me. I didn't want Reggie to see me like this.
"Morning Scoob! Sorry for keeping you in here. I didn't have room in my bed if you know what I mean."
Reggie winked referring to Keisha.
"You were the life of the party last night. The people couldn't get enough of you. I didn't realize you were such a freak."
Reggie's words were demeaning. He taunted me on the other side of the cage. He spared me no privacy as I scrambled to cover up my privates.
"Relax! You didn't seem to have this issue yesterday. Your little penis was on display all night. No need to hide it now."
All of the shame from last night caught up with me. I regretted how carefree I acted. Whether or not the drug hypnotized me, I was disappointed in myself. I had hoped at least some of what transpired at the party was just a dream. Reggie's words ruled out that possibility.
"What did you do with my clothes? Why am I naked?"
Reggie seemed confused.
"I didn't take your clothes. They are over on the table where you left them last night. Don't ask me what happened to the shorts you wore to the party. For all I know, you took those off yourself."
Reggie could have been telling the truth. The drugs we took warped my mind. With how I acted last night, I had no way of knowing, nor did I care at that point. All I wanted to do was go home.
"Can you please let me out of the cage? I need to go home."
Reggie didn't hesitate. He pulled out a key from his back pocket and unlocked the cage. I hesitantly crawled out after he opened the door. I rose to my feet while covering my package. I slowly shifted towards the table facing Reggie to cover my backside. Reggie did not take his eyes off me for a moment. I uncomfortably got dressed in front of him. After retrieving my phone, wallet, and keys I headed for the door.
Before I left, Reggie left me with a parting statement.
"Take some time to think the night over. I am sure you are confused. I can help you sort through those questions. You are welcome back anytime."
I left his place feeling dirty, used, and confused. I had many questions to answer. Where was my stepbrother? Where was Sam? Where did those disgraceful feelings come from? Needless to say, I had a major dilemma on my hands.
To be continued...