"Want you there at 2 o'clock. For kick-off, understand?"
Martin had been surprised and not a little resentful when his boss James, the owner of the construction company he worked for had ordered him to show up on Saturday at his place - a mansion in the hills.
"Yes, sir," he'd said immediately. Martin was 6'2 and muscular. He'd been working construction for the last four years out of high-school, but James - James was in his late fourties and towered over him, corded with thick muscle and a glower that told all the guys not to fuck with their boss.
Martin vividly remembered the time Manny, a cocky bruiser, had gone for James. James had fucked him up good - landing the guy in the hospital with a broken nose and arm. Shit! He still remembered James just lifting the guy off the ground and holding him over his head for what seemed like an eternity before tossing him through some framing.
He was surprised when he'd been told to show up for a game day, but even more surprised when the door was answered by his boss' girlfriend Izzie.
"Ooooh! A game day buddy!" she had squeaked, clapping her hands and then motioning him in.
Martin followed her with a sinking heart. She was 20, with small, high breasts, big hips and a full round ass that Martin tried not to ogle. All the guys knew that James' hot girlfriends were strictly off limits, at least the dudes that wanted their jobs and wanted to live!
But fuck, now here she was only wearing a clingy silk sports jersey, more like a nightie with a logo on it. And it only just brushed the tops of her thighs while stretching across that ass in the back!
She led him to the living room and a big sectional couch. The pre-game was already playing on the big screen on the wall. Her long black hair was up in cute pigtails and she was wearing fuzzy pink ankle socks.
"Izzie!" James barked. "Come bring out the snacks for Martin!"
Izzie turned and bounced out of the living room. Oh, she had brought him some snacks already, some goddamned eye candy!
"Make yourself comfortable!" called James from the kitchen. "I'm making the drinks."
Martin tried to settle back on the big couch. He looked around. The place was a huge open concept palace. There was dining set beside the couch, with heavy oak chairs. The big glass doors were all open because of the heat. Even in his shorts and t-shirt he was sweating. Luckily there were unseen fans running, probably in the ceilings. Didn't this place have air-conditioning?
"Here you go, Martin," Izzie's voice purred. "Got some sweet snacks for you."
Martin turned to say thank you, but the words strangled in his suddenly tightening throat. His mouth fell open and his dick immediately sprouted up in his suddenly way too tight shorts. His eyes went very wide. It felt like his tongue was hanging out of his mouth and dragging on the floor.
There was Izzie. She had bent from the hips to place a large tray of snacks on the coffee table. Sweet, delicious munchies, but also her jersey had slipped up to reveal the underside of her big round bottom.
A big round juice bottom that seemed as if it was inches from Martin's gawping mouth.
She smirked over her shoulder at him, wagging her ass back and forth, her eyes promising all sorts of illicit treats.
"What'd I tell you?"
Martin started, jerking his eyes away from Izzie's shapely round cheeks, her pink panties riding all the way up her luscious curves, pushing into the folds of her smooth pussy in a way that just could not be denied!
Martin pulled a couch cushion over his suddenly tented shorts. Shit, he was-
"What did I tell you?" James repeated, coming towards them, towering over Izzie, who had straightened up but was tugging her jersey down in front - which just showed off more of her ass to Martin.
"What?" Izzie asked in her drawling baby-girl voice. Her eyes darted to Martin on the couch and then back up to James. The big older man, with grey temples but so fucking thick and muscular in a tight fitting t-shirt and shorts, radiated a dangerous power. It was so hot - even with all the windows open and fans going.
"I told you, no wagging your ass in front of my friends," James said, taking Izzie's chin and tilting her face up to him. "And especially in front of my employees... You, slut!"
"Dude-" Martin began.
"Shut it," James snapped, not taking his eyes off of his girlfriend, whose face was flushing red. "You have no FUCKING idea."
"I'm..." Izzie swayed her hips from side to side, trembling a little. God-dammit, thought Martin, as she pulled the jersey far down in front so that ALL of her sweet, young ass was showing now.
"You're WHAT?" demanded James, his eyes wide, the veins bulging on the sides of his thick neck.
Izzie pulled her chin from his grasp and glared at her sugar daddy.
"I'm sorry I gave your BOY a BIG BONER!" She stuck her tongue out at Martin, who felt his cheeks flush. She turned and stuck her tongue out at James too. "Okay? I -- HEY!!!"
James grabbed Izzie by the arm and hauled her over to one of the dining room chairs. He dragged it out from the table with a screech and sat down.
"Let me go!" Izzie thrashed and beat her fist on James' big broad chest.
She might as well have been hitting a wall for all the attention James paid.
"What did I say I was gonna do the next time you acted out?" Although he was sitting, he held Izzie right by his side.
Izzie's eyes went wide, she looked at Martin sitting on the couch, his mouth open. "NO!" she gasped. "You're not-"
James jerked her over his lap, pushing her so her face was down by his knees and her naughty bottom spread across his lap.
"You want attention so bad? I'll give your ass some fuckin' attention!"
"JAMES!" both Martin and Izzie exclaimed together.
James snorted, pulling Izzie's top up so high that Martin could see the prominent bumps of her spine going up her back. Those pink panties were so tiny on that big full ass, just goddamn clinging there Martin thought. He met Izzie's panicked eyes and flushed.
"I- I should go," Martin stuttered, getting to his feet. He held the couch cushion awkwardly in front of his crotch.
"Look at that!" James walloped Izzie's bottom, sending a ringing SMACK around the room, followed instantly by Izzie's high pitched cry. "You got him so fucking HARD he can barely stand. Look how embarrassed he is! Oh you are FUCKIN' getting it, you naughty, naughty whore!" He smacked her ass again and again, making her large cheeks pancake out at each blow. Izzie cried out, gasping, twitching and twisting, trying desperately to avoid the blows.
Martin dropped the cushion and took a step towards the couple. He just couldn't keep his eyes off of Izzie's bottom, already showing red on her cheeks. That ample ass rippled and jiggled as it was smacked again and again!
"Oh man," he found himself gasping, his cock straining so hard against his shorts. "I can't- I can't watch this."
"See?" James said, pulling Izzie's head up by one of her pigtails. "You've ruined game day! Who can think about football when you're flaunting that booty!"
Martin shook his head and turned to the door. His heart raced. He needed to get out of here. Another second and--
"No!" It was Izzie this time. "Please, Martin!"
Martin turned around. Izzie had her hands braced on James' tree trunk thigh and was looking up at him with pleading eyes.
"Please don't go," she said. "It will make him madder." She took a gasping breath, Martin couldn't help but notice that her nipples were stiff under her clingy jersey. "I've been a bad girl." Looking to James she nodded and then back to Martin. "I'll take my punishment and then we can watch the game. I- I promise."
"Yeah," said James stroking Izzie's bare back. "Let me get my naughty girl sorted and then we can enjoy the game. Promise."
Martin froze for a long second, unable to take his eyes off of his boss with his sexy sexy girl friend, her blushing ass up over his lap. James nodded slowly as Izzie looked into his eyes, biting her pouty lower lip.
"O-Okay," said Martin. His eyes dropped back to James' hand, slowly stroking Izzie's reddened haunches.
James chuckled. "Pretty hot, huh?" He gave her another smack.
"Daddy," moaned Izzzie, staring frankly into Martin's wide eyes. "He is getting so BIG watching you spank me!"
Martin took a sharp breath. His hand - he meant to cover his bulge - but instead he found himself squeezing his throbbing cock through his shorts.
"She's a little freak." James smacked that bottom, then slipped his hand down and under to her crotch. He grinned. "A wet little freak!"
"I WANT to be a good game girl, really!" Izzie said pleadingly. She whimpered and moaned as James fondled her most private of privates as Martin watched.
"She's acting all embarrassed- But man!" James hooked his fingers around the waist band of Izzie's panties and pulled them down. "Check out this wet little twat!"
"Oh shit!" Martin found himself staring at the smooth glistening slit of Izzie's pussy.
"Oh, James!" Izzie gasped. But Martin noticed that far from clenching her bottom together, she spread her feet apart and really showed off her sweet, sweet cunt. "I'm soooo EMBARRASSED!"
Her face was flushed fiery red now, but her hips were just pumping away, grinding on the older man's lap. She licked her lips and batted her eyes at Martin, who felt like he was going to goddamn explode! James smacked her ass again and again and again, making her wiggle her legs and spread herself even wider.
"You got to help me out with this crazy girl, man," said James, affectionately stroking Izzie's back, then giving the girl another smack-smack on both cheeks. "Come over here. Come on!"
Martin found himself standing and walking over so he stood staring at Izzie's now bare rump, her panties stretched out between her knees. Fuck, the pink of her panties was dark with her juices.
"Oh James, he can see EVERYTHING!" Izzie groaned, biting her slender fingers.
"He sure can, baby!" James smacked her ass again, making it jiggle so pleasingly. "Hey dude, come around here." He nodded to the other side of Izzie.
Martin found himself obeying, standing so his crotch was right at Izzie's eye level.
"Oh wow, Martin!" Izzie gaped, her hips rubbing frantically into James lap. "Oh, wow!"
"Yeah, you see, man?" James said to Martin. "See how fucking turned on she is? She loves making men fucking hard. Fuckin' giant!" He smacked Izzie's bottom, making her squeak. "Hey babe, just look how big he is!"
"I see! I see!" Izzie bit her lip. She smiled with a guilty eagerness.
Martin's eyes immediately went to James, worried he'd see jealousy, but instead there was a broad smile.
"Oh, I-" Martin took a step back, holding up his hands.
"Don't be a pussy, man," said James. "This naughty slut has been waving her tight little twat in your face. Take out your dick and give her what she needs."
Martin shuddered, taking a deep breath. Holy, holy shit, was James asking him to REALLY do that? Oh fuck. Was this some kind of trap? Was he gonna get beaten to a pulp? Fired?
"Please!" Izzie was begging as James smacked her bottom. "Please. I've been such a naughty little slut. Gimme. Gimme, gimme!"
Martin found himself flushed and panting.
"Oh fuck! Oh fuck!" He shoved himself into her face, making her lips buss against the taut material of his shorts. "Your ass is sooo fucking hot!"
James stroked her ass cheeks and teased her slit.
"I'm a bad girl," she said, even more saccharine sweet. "I deserve LOTS of punishment!" She bumped her head against Martin's bulge as James smacked her again and again. "Give me LOTS and LOTS, please!!"
Martin fumbled with his shorts, yanking them open and then down, letting his thick long length spring out, diving board length it felt, right into Izzie's delighted face.
"OMG!!!" Izzie gasped, her nimble hands quickly catching a hold of him and gripping him tightly with both hands. She really needed both hands too!
"There you go baby," James hand had slipped back between her legs and his fingers tips were teasing her pussy lips, slowly pushing in and out. "See what a good Daddy I am. I got you your lolly."
"Ooooh Daddy!" Izzie cooed, stroking Martin, looking up into the young man's lust filled eyes. "I LOVE lollies."
"Yeah, baby." James pushed his fingers deeper and then out and then deeper again into the girl's twat. "And what do naughty girls do with lollies?" He smacked her left cheek, then her right.
"Oh Daddy!" Izzie gasped, rocking her hips in rhythm to his spanks. "We SUCK lollies!"
"Oh, oh fuck..." Martin gasped as Izzie wrapped her lips around the tip of his dick, her hands tugging the taut skin around his shaft.
"That's it, you naughty whore," said James affectionately, smacking her bottom with one hand while pumping his fingers in and out of her pussy. "You suck that dick. Teasing little slut!"
Izzie looked up into Martin's eyes, sucking harder and harder. James pulled her panties from around her ankles and tossed them to the ground.
"Oh, oh wow!" Martin put his hands on her head, just lightly, but Izzie took the hint eagerly and took yet more of him into her mouth. Soooooo good!
Oh it was so freaking hot, making this naughty little freak suck his dick while she was bent over hunky James' lap.
"On the couch," growled James after what seemed like only a moment of cock sucking bliss. He slid Izzie off his lap and onto her hands and knees. He got up, pulling off his t-shirt and then yanking down his shorts. His thick penis stood up straight from his crotch.
He and Martin sat down on the couch, while Izzie pulled off her top and crawled over, just in white socks and pigtails now.
"Oh Daddy," Izzie said, slipping her cool small hands up the two men's thighs, teasing their hard cocks. "I'll be a good girl. You just gotta punish me hard enough."
"I'll believe it when I see it." James guided her head to Martin's cock, which she eagerly slipped her mouth around again. The older man gripped that big fulsome ass and shoved his dick into her little twat, making her gasp and shudder around the younger man's prick.
"Oh yeah, fuck!" James grunted. "Thanks man, this is the only way to deal with a hot ass slut. Gotta.... ahhhh... get help punishing this whore!"
"Oh Jezzzzz...." gasped Martin, looking with big eyes as Izzie suckled his dick while her man plowed that big jiggling ass, positively slamming into that bouncy booty.
"OOOH! OOOH! DADDY!!!" exclaimed Izzie, lifting her head momentarily, looking over her shoulder at James as he grunted fucking her tight little twat and then back at red faced and straining Martin. "OOOOH DADDY! DADDY! I LOVE BEING YOUR EASY EASY SLUT! GIVE IT TOOOO ME! GIVE IT!!!"
James let out a guttural shout and the un-mistakeable sounds of thick streams of cum squirting into Izzie's hot cunt immediately set Martin off, letting loose a great splashing arc of white jizz right in Izzie's face. She squeaked, but Martin grabbed her and forced her lips around him and AAAAAAAHHHH shot the rest of his load right down her throat.
Izzie's eyes went wide, but soon dreamy as she sucked and sucked down his load, her hips working frantically as her own orgasm washed over her and her body was drenched in glistening sweat.
The rest of the game celebrations went smoothly after that. The men put their t-shirts back on, but Izzie just went around in socks for the rest of the day, happily serving them drinks and snacks and sitting on the floor, nuzzling her face into James' lap and slowly lapping his dick, all the while staring up at Martin.
"Naughty little slut," James groaned, stroking her head and shooting yet another load, all over her perky round tits this time.
Martin agreed. He sighed as Izzie, not even wiping herself, shifted over and began to delicately, insistently, lap the tip of his cock, slowly fingering herself as she did. In the background, the game played on. Huge men smashed into each other. Cheerleaders let out high pitched cries of delight. As the next orgasm built and built, he chuckled, he didn't even know who was playing!
-fin-