NOTE: DUE TO NUMEROUS REQUESTS AND POSITIVE FEEDBACK (THANKS) THE SAGA CONTINUES. YOU SHOULD READ "THE MUSIC TEACHER" FIRST AS THIS IS A SEQUEL. PLEASE BEAR WITH POSSIBLE GRAMMAR MISTAKES, IT IS ONLY MY SECOND LANGUAGE.
*
The early rays of the Sunday morning sun brightened the script of my dreams to a blank page. I lazily opened my eyes and recalled the previous night's events. As the warm erotic thoughts embraced me, I stretched out my arm to her side of the bed. A feeling of panic and longing mixed together in my mind as I felt the empty space. I saw the little piece of paper on the nightstand. Her handwriting was neat and fluent.
Hi Pete, sorry I didn't want to wake you. Hope you had slept as well as I did. I have to leave for Jo'burg to collect some parcels and will only be back tomorrow morning. Unfortunately some of the 'models' are going with, so I couldn't ask you to join me -- and like I said, we'll only be back Monday morning.
Ann
PS There's breakfast in the microwave.
I read the note again. It was signed "Ann", not "Mrs. van Zyl". I realized just how complicated the situation was. Where do we go from here? What do I call her? Ann? Mrs. van Zyl? How will she react back at school? I tried to answer the questions and read the note yet again. I was curious about the 'models' going with her. I have never thought about it and assumed the other models would come from the city. Her note clearly was to the contrary. At least some of them were local. Would I know them? If they were from our town it was a definite given. Everyone knew everybody here.
We never made it to dinner the previous night and I stood up to enjoy the 'PS' part of her note.
For one and a half days I felt like a caged lion. I walked up and down in my room, my emotions creating havoc while my mind tried to contemplate the huge burden of unknown feelings. Loneliness and a yearning for her presence gnawed at my intestines. Time almost stood still until that Monday afternoon.
School just came out and I rushed to the music class. I had a hard time to keep myself from running. As I approached her door, I heard some raised voices in an obvious heated discussion. I stood back and listened.
"For God's sake Ann, I can't go along with this! Are you out of your mind? I would never have agreed to this if I knew there would be males present!" The voice belonged to Mrs. Maureen Skinner, my math's teacher. She sounded more than upset.
"Oh Maureen, don't be such a prude! And it's not 'males', it's only Pete," Mrs. van Zyl was apparently defending my presence at the fashion show.
"Worse! He's only a boy, I teach him math's for heaven's sake. And what about Lisa? She's in his class!" If possible, the voice sounded even more upset.
This was most interesting. Mrs. Skinner's daughter was in my class. Like me, she was 18 years of age. Would she be one of the models? Hardly believing. Lisa Skinner was a very shy, drawn back girl, nobody ever offered her as much as a second glance. Come to think about it, she wasn't ugly at all. It's just; she never mingled with the rest of the 'gang' so nobody ever noticed her. Her long blonde hair was always tied to a ponytail at the back of her head. Her light blue eyes seemed distant and reserved behind her steel rimmed glasses. No not bad at all, I thought. Mrs. Skinner on the other hand was short and a bit overweight, though she normally hid the fact under layers and layers of old fashioned clothes. Her big bosom was more than likely in the D-range. She had curly red hair and dirty-green eyes. The thick plastic rimmed glasses on her pointy nose made her a definite winner in a 'Mrs. Rottenheimer' contest. This was indeed interesting.
"It's only underwear Maureen, it's not like he will see us nude or anything. It's the same as wearing a bikini at the swimming pool. Besides if you have a plausible alternative I'd be more than willing to listen." Mrs. van Zyl tried to soften a wooden heart. I was drawn back to the heated conversation.
"It's NOT only underwear and positively NOT like a bikini. We might as well be nude wearing this stuff! Look, you can practically see everything." The 48 year old woman sounded indissoluble in her opinion.
I contemplated her last sentence. They had the stuff with them! They were trying it on! A very naughty idea was born.
Without knocking I suddenly opened the door as if I was in a hurry. "Mrs. van..."
My action caused immediate chaos. Two ladies were screaming at a very high pitch while they scrambled around the room. Next to them was a huge opened box, in which appeared to be lingerie. Mrs. Skinner was clad in a very skimpy red thong and equally skimpy matching bra. Mrs. van Zyl was wearing a modest white bra and nothing else. She was completely nude from the waist down. I must have interrupted just before she could try on the matching white panties in her right hand.
Both women's efforts to cover up failed miserably. Mrs. Skinner's hands moved frantically from her breasts to her crotch and back again. She then decided to offer her assets equal protection and kept one arm on her breasts while she covered her pubic area with the other. She didn't have to cover too much, for only the lowest part of the thong was visible from the layers that hung from her belly. Mrs. van Zyl quickly stretched the panties she had in her hand, out in front of her own pubic area. It wasn't much of a consolation for they were completely see-through.
"Excuse me..." I hurriedly closed the door. For a few seconds there was absolute silence inside the room. Then I heard it.
"Can't he knock! You see what comes from you and your ideas!" There was rage in Mrs. Skinner's voice. "I've never been so humiliated in my life!" The shouting continued.
"Come on Maureen, it was an accident. He couldn't have known. I should be the one upset, he's seen my...I'm so sorry, it's my fault, I forgot I told him to come by after school."
"But can't he knock?" Mrs. Skinner combined some tears with her rage.
"We're very relaxed in music class, pupils don't usually knock."
"Too relaxed I see!" Mrs. Skinner continued her frenzy.
I heard the sound of some zippers and elastic snaps and pictured two women dressing in a hurry in my head.
"We'll speak of this again Mrs. van Zyl!" Mrs. Skinner scurried out of the class, slamming the door behind her.
I was standing outside in the corridor as she came by. "Good afternoon Mrs. Skinner." I said politely.
She stopped and gave me a stare that could kill a cat. Saying nothing, she just pulled up her chin and shoulders and walked on. The 'knock-knock' of her high heels sounded like a rapid firing machine gun.
"Mrs. Skinner!" I yelled. "Your zipper, Mrs. Skinner!"
She stopped and looked down at her black pants. "Arghhh!" she roared and I heard the sound of a zipper being pulled up as she walked away.
I knocked on the music room's door.
"Come in," Mrs. van Zyl responded. To my disappointment she was dressed again, but nevertheless looked sexy in the tight fitting tracksuit pants and loose t-shirt.
"I see you learned to knock." We stared in each other's eyes and simultaneously exploded in laughter.
"You did it on purpose didn't you?" She asked nearly choking on her laughter.
"Well I couldn't help hearing your conversation and... well I decided I'll give her a reason to be really mad. Are we in trouble?" I asked concernedly.
"Nah, don't worry she's just a bit uptight. She'll be too embarrassed to tell anyone," she assured me.
There was an uncomfortable silence, both of us not knowing how to progress. This was going to be difficult.
"Hello Ann," I said and for the first time I used her name.
I couldn't think of any better ideas so I stepped forward and kissed her. Her lips lingered cautiously under mine before they subdued. I tasted the sweet flavour of musk in her breath, while our tongues entwined together in a mutual exploration of each other's mouths. I felt her hand behind my head as she drew me closer. The heat of her breasts scorched my chest as I embraced her. Her right leg encircled my thighs as she leaned against the piano. I felt the strength in it as it forced me into her inner circle. We crossed the thin barrier between pain and pleasure several times as our kisses became forceful, almost violent. Skilled fingers loosened the buttons on my shirt one by one. Her hands moved resiliently over my cheeks, down to my shoulders.
Her touch was almost magical as she dropped my shirt to the floor. Her hands continued the journey down my chest. She spread her fingers, as she moved over my chest's hair, advancing playfully to my nipples. She squeezed them to a painful erect state. A thousand sensations erupted from my stomach as she descended her touch over my belly to my belt's buckle. Her saliva was scalding hot and my whole body jolted as her lips closed over my left nipple. She shared the pleasure with the right, before she went back to my mouth again. I caressed the side of her head, sliding my fingers over her ear lobes, softly down the sides of her neck. I cupped both her breasts, massaged them gently, before I added more pressure, continuing almost rigorously. She struggled frantically to unfasten the buckle. One of my hands went down to assist her. My erection escaped its confines as she managed to release it from my Jockeys.
A beseeching urge to be inside of her overwhelmed me as I pulled both her tracksuit's pants and her panties down to her ankles. She strained her buttocks onto the piano and spread her knees, her legs still constrained by the clothes around her ankles. She succeeded with one last desperate effort to kick them from her feet, allowing both her legs to enclose my buttocks. The strength in her calves drew me closer to her waiting vagina. My penis was surrounded with her wetness as I shoved it into her, my balls clad in the overflow of her moisture. Her kisses were filled with a vivid energy. There was urgency in her as her mouth moved all over my face. My penis slipped out and in my haste to re-enter her, missed the entrance. My shaft went up through her slit, swallowed by the thickness of her lips. My tip touched the protruding knob of her clitoris and she bit into my under lip to block her cry of ecstasy. I moved my penis down her slit again. I lingered at her vagina's opening, teasing her with my presence, then moved my full length into her again.
Her breaths became shallow and fast. An unseen fist in her deepest core gripped my shaft. Tighter and tighter. I felt the contractions deep inside of her. She violently clenched her legs together as she came, forcing every spare inch of me into her. I joined her in the dance of pleasure, our bodies whirled together in one giant spasm of orgasm.
I helped Ann to carry the big box of lingerie to her car. "You didn't tell me the other models will be locals," I accused her.
"I know, forgive me. I was afraid you'd be scared and say no. And it's not all of them. I've got five friends joining us from the city as well.
"So, who's the other two?" I asked curiously. "I know it's you, Mrs. Skinner and her daughter. You might need to find two replacements as well, I don't think Mrs. Skinner or Lisa will appreciate my presence at the show."
"Oh don't worry, I'll speak to the old fart. If necessary I'll blackmail her with today's incident." There was a twinkle in her eyes. "The other two is, well you should know them, Cathy Simons and Belinda Jones."
I tried to picture the ladies in my head. Belinda Jones was the assistant at the local pharmacy. The long haired red head had quite a reputation in town. Many women regarded the 28 year old slender figure and implanted (so they believed) DD cups with envy and caution whenever she moved within a hundred feet from their husbands. She wouldn't have any problems with the show or male presence for that matter. She would most likely enjoy the attention to the full.
Mrs. Simons was a small petite looking woman in her 30's with bob cut black hair. She was reserved and composed in her manner, and fitted the description of 'local librarian' well. I tried to picture her in underwear, but it was a hard task. No matter how hard I pushed the boundaries of my imagination, there was still no need for a bra. I guessed if she ever wore one, it had to be a very small A-cup.
"You told them all about my presence?" I asked.
"No, only Maureen; she didn't take it too well did she? But like I said I'll handle her. Belinda, well we all know Belinda. No problems there," Ann said confidently.
"Mrs. Simons?" I asked.
"Well she...owes me sort of a big favour from a long time ago. She'll do anything I ask. It's Lisa I'm worried about. Believe it or not, her mother talked her into it, I'm afraid she'll talk her out of it now. I don't know, I don't really know Lisa that well."
"Nobody does," I added. "Will it help if I talk to her?" I asked.
"It might scare her away," Ann warned.
"It might lure her in. I'll be gentle," I promised.
"Okay," she agreed. "You'd better run off now, it's late." She climbed into the car and started the engine.
"When can I see you again?" I asked as she rolled down her window.
"We should take it easy for a couple of days. It's a small town." The frustration in her voice somehow made me feel good.
"Okay," I reluctantly agreed. I quickly glanced around to make sure there were no spectators. I leaned forward and softly kissed her cheek. "See you," I said as she drove away.
I decided to give Lisa Skinner a visit, before her mother could talk to her. It was Monday and I knew it was Mrs. Skinner's week for study duties at the boys' hostel. She wouldn't be home till after five. A half an hour later I pressed the button next to the Skinner's front door. A minute later the door opened. Lisa Skinner looked questioningly at me.
"Hello Pete?" she said-asked.
"Sorry to bother, can I talk to you for a few minutes?"
"Sure, come in," she said skeptically.
I followed her to the living room where she directed me to a seat. "Can I get you something? Coffee, cold drink?"
"Thanks, cold drink's fine." I studied the room after she left. Mr. Skinner was the town's only attorney. He wasn't modest about his achievements and the room was full of framed certificates. He was also a respected elder at the church. I wondered how he would react, and I strongly doubted that he knew, to Mrs. Skinner's role in a lingerie show. Ann could definitely use this as some leverage as well.
"Here," Lisa said as she handed me a glass. She sat down in the sofa in front of me. She still wore her school uniform, a blue dress and white blouse underneath.
"So what's this about?" she asked curiously.
"It's about next weeks lingerie show," I said.
"Pete!" Her face looked horrified and embarrassed at the same time. "It's supposed to be a secret, Mom said nobody will know! Who else knows? I should never have..." She bit her lip and looked like she was about to cry.
"Relax Lisa, it's only me that knows, that's why I came over to talk to you. I have to be there, I'm doing the music!" I let it sound as if it was the most horrible, difficult task I ever had to do.
"You're gonna be there? Never!" There was even more shock in her voice.
"I have to be there Lisa, they can't find anybody else. I'm just as scared as you are!" I tried to look very scared.
She glanced at me from over her glasses' rims. "You're scared?"
"What do you think? Off course I am. I'll be all alone between a bunch of old ladies parading in their underwear." I shivered to add more effect. "You'll be the only decent company I have there. Don't back out on me please, I'm really uncomfortable about this whole thing.
She seemed to relax a bit and I even saw a glimpse of sympathy in her eyes.
"Please, I can't do it alone." I rubbed my eyes and hoped for some tears.
"Pete, I can't. I'll be too shy and embarrassed to be in underwear in front of you." There was a softness in her voice and afraid that it might go away, I kept rubbing my eyes.
"Why?" My voice made it clear that I could not think of a single reason in the world why this lovely lady would NOT want to parade in front of me in her underwear.
"I'm...I'm...not beautiful," she whispered and dropped her head.
"What!" I shouted out loud. "Lisa you're the hot stuff of the school! All the boys talk of you all the time! They'd give a million bucks to see you in your underwear. Dammit, I'd give everything I owned to see you in you underwear!" If I had a conscience, it was flowing over the brim.
"Really?" There was a light in her eyes. "Nobody ever talks to me."
"It's because they're scared of you man. You're so damn beautiful, but you always keep at a distance. We thought you think we were not good enough, your father being a lawyer and so on."
"It's not true, I'm...just so shy. I'm really not a snob. You'd really give everything to...to see me?"
"Everything," I corroborated. "Jeez, there's not a boy in school who didn't fantasize about you."
"You lie!" she sounded embarrassed but uplifted.
"Does it look like I'm lying?" My faced looked like an angel, innocent, sweet and sincere.
"No," she blushed, "I guess not."
"So, are you still on?" I asked with anticipation.
"I don't know Pete. I might get stage fright or something if I see you there. I don't want to drop Mrs. van Zyl at a crucial moment."
"Tell you what," I suggested. "If you can dress up in your sexiest underwear and stand right in front of me for 5 minutes, you'll know you can do it." I was looking forward to the Monday afternoon.
"Right now?" Reality crept up her cheeks. "Pete...I don't know..."
"Come on Lisa! When was the last time you did something daring?" I taunted her.
She kept silent and dropped her chin. "Never, I guess," she whispered and there was something sad in her pitch.
Her whole body language changed suddenly and spoke of determination. "To hell with everybody, I'm gonna to this! You stay put Pete McBride. I'll be back!" I couldn't believe what I was witnessing. This was not the Lisa Skinner I knew. She left the room with a tenacity I've never seen before.
I could hardly control my anxiety as I sat and waited for about 10 minutes. I dared not guess what she was up to. As she returned my mouth dropped open. There was no acting anymore. Lisa Skinner skipped all the other categories and went right down to 'naughty and revealing' as she came and stood in front of me. I looked in amazement at the long blonde hair hanging from her shoulders. It was the first time I ever saw her without a pony tail. She still had her glasses on, but somehow it was now complementary to her appearance. Her bra, well the thin light-blue garment resembling a bra, appeared to be made from gauze. It was there, but it wasn't. She had very firm B-cup breasts that at the curve pointed slightly upwards. Her cherry-brown nipples were erect and full. I lowered my view to her panties. They strained tightly and were made from the same material as the bra. She was clean shaven and I could clearly see the two little lips between her legs. I tensed my eyes and I could even make out her pointy little clitoris where the lips began to form.
"So how do I look Mr. McBride?" There was confidence in her voice.
"You...you look amazing," I replied truthfully. She truly was. I looked up and down her slender but full hips, savoured every inch of her body.
"You're...you're shaven," I said disbelievingly. I never figured her to be the 'shaving type'.
"Smooth as a baby," she laughed and pulled the panties away to reveal her bare lips. I struggled to breath and hoped she knew CPR.
She let go of the elastic and the panties shot back to position. I could not believe this girl was even remotely related to Mrs. Skinner.
"Seen enough?" She asked challenging. "I should advise you to bring bigger pants to the show," she laughed.
I covered up my embarrassment with both my hands.
"Not fair," she demanded, "I showed you mine, you show me yours!"
"You want to see it?" I asked more than amazed. Her choice of words let old childhood fantasies pop into my head. It was my turn to be embarrassed. I was by no means a hunk, and definitely didn't sport the right equipment to feature in a porn movie. I was at best on the lower scale of 'average'. To be on display, well that just didn't do it for me.
"Off course I want to see it!" Her voice brought me back to my dilemma. To make matters worse she kneeled in front of me, her face only inches away from the bulge in my pants. "I've never seen one before," she added and there was a tone of innocent, curios expectation in her voice.
"Okay then," I gave in, afraid that she might cancel her appearance at the lingerie show. In a way she was blackmailing me and I knew she was fully aware of that fact.
I slowly unbuckled my belt and pulled down the zipper. Her eyes widened as I freed my member from the protection of the Jockeys. She looked like a grade 8 who for the first time cut open the guts of a frog in biology class. This was definitely her first peep at a male member and I pulled down my pants to assist her in her examination.
"May I touch it?" she asked mesmerized.
"Only if I may touch yours," I said adamantly.
She contemplated the thought for a moment then decided that in her first assessment of the male reproductive organs, she was prepared to make some sacrifices.
"Okay," she said softly. She pulled down her panties and sat next to me on the couch. We turned our bodies to each other and reached down simultaneously to do, each our own research. Her fingertip moved cautiously to my tip, she looked afraid that she might break it. I jerked as her finger connected to the sensitive nerve ends.
"Sorry, did it hurt?" she asked apologetic.
"No," I whispered, but I bet it feels a lot like this. I pressed my index finger against her clit and felt the jolt go through her whole body.
"Oh," she whispered as she grasped what I meant.
With utmost caution she followed the rim of my shaft with her fingers. She softly cupped my scrotum and explored my testicles. Her inexperienced touch brought me to the verge of orgasm.
I continued my own investigation. With one hand I felt the texture of those firm breasts; the other explored the secret valley below. She was tight and firm, but my finger moved effortlessly through her moist wetness. I fondled the opening of her vagina then tried to move two fingers inside of her. She twitched as my fingers met her obstacle. She was still a virgin. I abandoned the inspection of her inner vagina and moved up to her clitoris again.
"What does cum look like?" she asked with genuine interest. I guided her hand to surround my shaft, and moved it slowly up and down.
"If you keep on doing this; I'll show you," I said barely audible.
I continued my venture on and about her clitoris as she followed my instruction. I gently moved my finger in circles round the little knob, without touching it directly. Her hips, barely noticeable, moved back and forth as I continued the massage. I was long overdue but tried to subdue the waiting volcano between my legs. I wanted her badly to come but I knew it was over as her hand explored the effects of clenching on my shaft. My cum ejected, most over and in her hand, but a few spurts became airborne and landed on her right breast and belly.
Curiously she looked at the white liquid feeling the texture underneath her fingers. Her eyes were big as her brain processed this wave of new data.
As I walked home, I knew there would be at least two willing models at the show.
"Ann and Lisa," I said the names out loud.
They are fake, I silently came to agreement with the rest of the town's gossip. I stared at Belinda Jones' breasts; no hooters, as she bent down to pick up a toothbrush from the shelf. I've decided I needed to pay a bit more attention to oral hygiene and the pharmacy was conveniently situated on my way home. It was also good practice to know one's customers and I decided I there was a real need to check out Miss Jones. She was wearing a green boob-tube underneath the white overcoat, which she tried to keep open as far as possible. Two very round, very big, pieces of flesh dangled from her chest. Perfect, too perfect. I looked at the very tight white pants she wore. The lines of her g-string panties were clearly visible through the white material. Between her long slender legs the material divided into a deep cleft at the crotch area. She was sporting a perfect cameltoe. She noticed my glance and pushed her hips slightly forward. The cameltoe now excelled in perfection. I had a last peep at the show, before I thanked her very sincerely for the nice toothbrush she had sold me.
Very good, but not my type, I thought as I continued my journey down the street. It had also been a while since I last had some good reading material at hand. I was long overdue for a visit to the library. As it was also very conveniently located on my way home, I stepped into the little two storey building a few minutes later.
"Afternoon Mrs. Simons," I greeted as I saw the little woman behind the desk next to the entrance.
"Hello Pete, it's been a while," she said smilingly. She was wearing a dark green velvet sleeveless dress with a yellowish patterned blouse underneath.
I intensively studied the two little bulges at her chest. Definitely A-cups I confirmed my first analyses of the lady.
"Yes, Ma'am, we're quite busy at school," I answered and continued to the non- fiction department.
"Anything in particular you're looking for?" She asked helpfully a moment later.
"Uh, anything about DJ's, music mixing and so on." I said while I looked through the books in the shelf in front of me.
"I think I might just have the right one." She bent down and started sifting through some books at the bottom shelf.
I looked down and my perception of the female anatomy was changed forever. Never in my life did I think little breasts could be so beautiful. She wasn't wearing a bra and as she bent her blouse parted with the swelling around her chest, allowing me a clear unobstructed view of the bare little mounds of flesh. Her nipples looked soft and silky. The colour just a hint darker than the pale flesh underneath.
"Her you go," she said triumphantly as she stood up with a rather bulky book in her hand.
"The Art of Music, a DJ's essential guide to mixing," she read out the title.
"Perfect," I said. I was really interested and thought I could use the book.
"Anything else?" she asked as she dusted her hands against each other.
"Yes, anything about fashion shows, models, catwalks, that type of thing. I'm the DJ at a fashion show and need to be a little more prepared," I threw in the bait.
"Really! You won't belie..." she stopped in mid sentence.
"Believe what?" I asked innocently.
"Uh no never mind...I've got some books over there at the adult section, there's some...well not so decent pictures and I try to keep them away from kids." She regarded my profile skeptically and then decided that I was by her standards old enough to look at the 'not so decent pictures', without having some permanent damage to my soul.
"Come, I'll show you," she gestured me along.
I followed her to a big shelf at the far corner of the library.
"I put them right on top," she extended her arm and index finger to indicate the top row of books on the shelf.
"Will you help me with this." She indicated to a rather wobbly long ladder.
"Sure," I said as I took the ladder and put it where she indicated.
"Just hold it steady, they should've replaced this thing years ago," she said while she started to ascend. "And don't peep up, I'm wearing a dress!" she warned me sternly.
As she was rather short she had to climb most of the steps to reach the shelf. Her last command was like telling an alcoholic not to drink and then place a case of opened whiskey next to him. I just couldn't resist. Her legs were pale but firm and slender. She was wearing black stockings that went all the way up to her thighs. From there it was suspended by some straps to some sort of belt above her panties. It was the first time I've seen a suspender belt and stared in keen curiosity at the contraption. My eyes were drawn to the dark curly hair between her legs that peeped out in stark contrast on the sides of her white g-string. I could make out the swelling of her lips as they strained against the little piece of material.
"Got one," she said after while and I quickly lowered my head and looked straight ahead of me.
"How does this one sound: The A to Z of..." As my mother told me it was very impolite not to look at a person speaking to you, I demonstrated my good upbringing and looked up. Her reaction was immediate.
"Eeehk! Don't look up!" She screamed and frantically tried to press the dress against her thighs. I tried to look shocked and embarrassed and immediately lowered my glance.
"Sorry Ma'am, but when you spoke...it was sort of instinctive...I'm used to look at people when they speak." I looked and sounded like the poor victim of an exhibitionist.
"Oh Pete, I'm sorry," she said soothingly, convinced it was an innocent accident. "I hope you're not too shocked with what you've seen," she said and her cheeks were flaming red as she stood next to me again.
"No...you're quite...Well it was beautiful. What is all that belts and stuff, I've never seen something like it?"
"Well it's...it's a suspender belt, it just keeps the stockings up that's all," she blushed.
"It's very sexy," I said with admiration.
The colour on her cheeks still darkened and she sort of apologized for wearing something sexy. "I never wear stuff like that, but...I wanted to tell you a moment ago, believe it or not I'm gonna be a model at a fashion parade next week. I got some samples from Mrs. van Zyl this morning and well...I couldn't resist trying them on."
"I'm glad you did," I said shyly. "It looked very nice."
Mrs. Simons looked wary at me then decided it was an innocent enough comment. "Thank, you sir," she said equally shy, "it will definitely boost my confidence for the show."
"You're going to parade in that?" I appeared shocked.
"Yes...why? Is something wrong? Is it too..." She was looking really worried. "Is it too revealing?" She found the appropriate word at last.
"No...well I wouldn't know, I only had a brief peep at it. I really couldn't see it clearly." I hesitated a moment and added, "If you showed me again I could give an honest opinion." I offered my sincere help in the matter.
Distrustfully she looked up and down at my figure. "It's not that you want to perve is it?"
I looked devastated and annoyed by her remark. "Mrs. Simons!" I exclaimed.
"Sorry, just checking," she mumbled an apology. "Okay, but I need a very honest opinion, even if it's bad," she demanded.
"On my word of honor," I promised. It was a good Monday.
She glanced around the library to make sure there were no other people. She bent down and caught the rim of the long dress. As her body came erect again she pulled the dress up. She stopped only after she had a bundle of the dress' material above her waist.
"Wow," I said and looked in absolute awe at frilly contraptions and belts. My eyes moved to the white g-string. It fitted snuggly over her vulva, covering the most essential parts, but a few dark curls of hair were showing from the sides.
"It's so beautiful Ma'am, it's just that..." I stopped and waited for her response.
"Just what?" She sounded very worried.
"There's some hair sticking out. Not that I mind," I assured her quickly, "but you might want to shave and trim it to a landing strip or something, even if it's just for your event.
"I've never been good with... shaving and stuff. I just trim once in a while. What is a landing strip?" She sounded clearly embarrassed but none the less very curious.
"Well I assume it is a bit difficult to see down there," I pointed to her still exposed panties, "let alone shave in a style. You should maybe let your husband help you; he'll know the meaning of a landing strip anyways."
"Tom is in Iraq," she said sadly, "for a six month security contract. And... ach even if he was here, I don't think he'd be up to it. The only hair he was ever interested in is in his rifle's telescope."
Monday was indeed full of opportunities and I never let one pass. I offered my help. "Maybe I can help, I'm not a barber or anything, but I know the workings of a razor. That is if you'll let me off course." The puppy dog look in my eyes accompanied this very harmless proposal.
"Will you, really?" Her voice was full of gratitude as she realized the immense sacrifice I was willing to make, just to help her.
"You know what," she said as released the dress to fall to her ankles, "I don't think Mrs. van Zyl has a DJ for the show yet. Will you be interested? It will make a good practice run for your own event you know."
"You'll ask her?" I sounded overwhelmed. "I'd love it."
It was late afternoon as I finally got home. I popped in the pharmacy for a ladies razor and well, a second peep at a pair of tight white pants. Monday was good, very good. Tuesday would be good as well; I had an appointment to do some shaving.