The group of 5 pensioners slowly encircled my topless self. Their lust was tangible and I could feel their old eyes darting from my heaving breasts to my thong covered moist pussy. I was in a daze.
"Please Jenni can I feel them, those...?" pleaded Russell.
I had forgotten his question though it had only been seconds before, my mind darted from scenario to scenario with these randy buggers being the central characters.
My mouth was dry and my heart was pumping...I nodded slowly.
"Well step down love I can't reach you there." he said.
Someone shouted "Now." I complied and step down now facing Russell directly with the other four old men inches from my young body.
I looked down as his gnarled old hands went for each of my tits.
"Christ almighty." He said whilst licking his lips "These tits are a fucking weight boys, gorgeous."
He was holding each tit like a professional basketball player was playing the piano on them. He squeezed them and lifted them and stared at them...oh my god what am I doing!!
I felt a cloak of old hands starting to squeeze my buttocks, stroke my thighs and rub my back.
"Give me a feel of her tits." said Brian as he tried to nudge Russell out of the way.
I now had Brian pawing my left tit with two hands and Russell pinching my right nipple. This went on for a few seconds with the others continuing to watch and enjoy a good feel of my encircled body.
"She is loving it her nips are rock hard lads." Wheezed Brian "Look at them, she has a cracking pair."
"Aw come on you greedy old bastard let me in at her." said Frank "I want to it's my house." said Andrew which made everyone laugh.
I was so having an out of body experience and becoming so turned on that I literally was looking down on a topless 36 year old woman in the middle of a circle of very old men with a combined age of well over 400 years!!. I heard the encircled topless girl say "One at at a time boys." as she raised the palms of her hands. The group stepped back a little and a table with what had been a pile of vegetables on it went flying in the bustle.
"That's my still life fucked." Joked Andrew "I will just have to stick with busty nudes."
The group stood around me like a pack of lusting old bears waiting to pounce.
"I want you all to get a good feel, so make a circle and I will give you each a chance to feel me up...ok?" I said.
As all of this was happening as the camera was flashing away as Ed took picture after picture.
"Is the video recording Andy?" Asked Frank.
"Yes Ed set it up earlier, we will have this for use later on boys." Replied Andrew.
I flashed him a look, who would they show it to...I didn't care. I was their wanton hussy and I wanted to be their plaything for ever!! I shrugged my shoulders and stepped towards Frank who went straight to kissing my tits then nibbling my nipples. An electric shock went to my pussy, the combination of being mauled and the age of the group was soooooo wrong and my god I was loving loving every second. Frank ran his hand up and down my thighs and then SLAP, his hand stung my right buttock then SLAP my left buttock was on fire.
"Look at her arse cheeks wobble ...fuck me what a girl...dirty mare...go on..." Was being called as I was sucked and slapped.
I was pulled by the wrist by Andrew who wanted his shot with me. He roughly grabbed my tits then cupped my pussy.
"She is soaking boys, best get this off her." He hooked the sides of my thong and whipped it down over my firm thighs. A cheer went up "strip her, strip her...oh yes...trimmed fanny...turn her round...show me...fuck me...oh yes." My elderly fan-club called out and cheered as I was spun round by Andrew.
"Christ look at her, we have a right sort here and she is loving it." Called Russell.
Andrew thrust a finger up my soaking pussy, he played with my engorged clit with his old thumb as the audible squelching of my pussy juices could be heard by all above my moaning.
"Hmmmm, yes you old fucker." I cried as I held on to his shoulder my legs wobbling as an orgasm shot through my body.
"Look at her, she is our little fuck thing...coming on my old finger for us all to see." Said Andrew before driving his tongue down my throat and rubbing his soaking fingers over my tits.
Brian was next to have his way, he turned me round to face the group as he cupped my tits from behind and slapped them together, my legs buckled a bit, I love having my tits slapped. He pulled me up by my armpits and straightened me up.
"Raise your arms up above your head like you are going dive into a pool." He whispered in my ear from behind, I did as he said. Brian then ran his hands down my arms over my rock hard nipples, tweaking each hard as he went by, slowly circled my stomach then put both hands on my thighs, moving two fingers from each hand to my swollen lips, he tickled my puffed up lips a little and then he parted my dripping pussy as they all stared opened mouth.
"Do you like my friends looking at your young pussy Jenni?" He asked " Is this what you want, us old men feeling and fingering you?"
"Yessssss" I said as my legs wobbled again " I want you all, I want...oh fuck yes" I bit my lip, oh my fuck I was in heaven. The debauchery and the cold air on my pussy had my coming again.
"Look at her wet cunt...she is coming again...I am going to have a fucking stroke...wow...I have never seen a girl like this before...yes...oh you dirty girl..." The comments were coming from all around me as I climaxed again.
I was next passed, well pushed and groped towards Russell, who; wasting no time knelt down and got my right leg over his left shoulder and starting lapping at my pussy like a cat that got the cream. His old nose sniffed on my clit as his tongue dove deep into my hot juicy hole. He supported me by gripping onto my buttocks. I swung my head backwards and forwards and round and round as I was licked out by old fat Russell, I was making a noise like an opera singer hitting the high note whilst swearing profusely, an opera in the making perhaps "Cumen"...They old boys were loving seeing their mate enter me with his tongue.
"Fuck me she is loving that...go on Russell lick her...go on young Jenni ride his tongue...look at her boys...make her cum..." They called as my young pussy was licked, tongued, kissed and sucked by an ancient old fat man older than my grandfather. So wrong and so fucking right.
"Let me at her." Ed called out as he passed the camera to Andrew with hurried instruction to keep taking photographs. He lifted me back off Russell's now soaked face and spun me round again, slapping my arse and grabbing my tits. He pushed me forward to the platform and I instinctively braced myself for a fall with my outstretched hands. I was now spreadeagled with my red bum facing the pensioners and my big tits hanging down for all to see. I looked over my shoulder at them and smiled. A granddad gangband waiting to happen.
Ed slapped my cheeks and cupped my tits, pinched my nipples and finger fucked me much to the enjoyment of the room.
"Ahhh...hmmmmm...yes Eddy...you dirty bastard...all of you are dirty bastards...do it...make me...aheeeeee" I cried out as my legs shook like mad and my buttocks and tits wobbled. These old guys were watching me cum and cum deeply.
"I'm cummmming you dirty...oh fuck" I screamed. The group cheered as I fell onto the platform, sweating, dripping and so much 'on-heat for old meat' that I would fuck anyone and anything. I fell on my back and was grabbed by the ankles, and arms and under my bum.
"Lift this little hussie into place...I am fucking her...you taken your pill...I wont last long up her...jeeze look at her...go on man...get in" My ears were filled with the dreamlike voices as I floated above the scene again. I was looking down on a girl who was having the time of her sexual life and was being such a slut for these old men.
I managed to get myself up on my elbows and lay breathing heavily as I looked from face to face of the gang of grandfathers. I lay there with my tits rising up and down and my legs spread to allow every inch of my body to be enjoyed by my elderly group. I lay there loving their eyes upon my firm toned young body, enjoying turning 5 men on at the same time, knowing I was the cause of 5 bulging cocks and knowing if I wanted I could have 5 different cocks inside me within minutes. I had 10 old hands exploring my firm body. I closed my eyes and didn't know or care whose hand was whose, they were good, they had me, I was theirs. Oh yes please, such fun.
Oh my god I was now past the point of no return, I was the plaything for the old men of the village, the slutty young wife, ...
I panted as I pointed to the now trampled still life "Ok, a little show first boys, pass me that big carrot."
"Fuck me she is she going to fuck herself?" Brian asked the group.
The blanket of hands left my body as the group of granddads loosened their grip on me...
***
Dear Reader shall I tell more or shall I leave you to call me a taxi home??
Jenni xx