The day had been hot, very hot, and the drive had been a long one. The a/c had lost most of its power soon after midday and I was feeling sticky and crabby. Most of my belongings were jammed into the trunk and across the back seats of my sedan and I would have to check into a motel room because there was no way I was up for driving through the night to get to my parents' house. I wasn't looking forward to throwing myself on their charity after so many years of frosty distance but I was going to have to accept that. Breaking up is never straightforward and I'd had all my eggs in on basket for a long time now.
It was a small town and there were precious few signs that it wasn't destined to get smaller as the years passed by. A gas station, a few uninspiring drab motels, convenience stores, a lifeless bar and a diner was about as action-packed as it got in these parts. There was no one on the street as I drove slowly down and I only saw three cars, all headed back up the highway in the direction I'd come from. I wished I could turn round and follow them but my split with Sean had been so vicious in the accusations thrown by both of us that I knew we were never going to fix things. I filled up with gas and hardly got a word out of the denim-clad, dirty youth who was the only person working the place. The diner was already closed so I toured back half-heartedly, cruising past the motels. There was nothing to choose between them. They were all totally without character and lifeless.
I checked into the first one I had passed, the last one I came to now. There was no point in thinking about it further. It didn't matter -- they were all dives. The man at the desk hardly took any interest in having a guest. Probably he saw me as just more work for him. He was in his fifties and looked like he might spend the rest of his life watching tv with his feet up, chugging his beer. I asked where I could get something to eat and he wordlessly jerked his thumb in the direction of the bar. I knew I looked tired and strung out but normally I could get a smile out of most folks. I took the key and the thin towel I had to leave a deposit for and headed to the room. There were just two other cars in the lot and one had to be the manager's so it seemed I'd just doubled the number of their guests for the night.
The room was small and as worn out as I felt. The pillows were thin and the walls hadn't seen paint since I left school. The bed creaked and was harder than I liked. The tv was the only decoration the place had. The bathroom wasn't big enough to turn around in without banging into something but I needed a shower desperately so I peeled off my dirty clothes and washed the day off of me. As the hot water eased my aching body, my mind began to relax too. It stopped mattering what the motel was like. It could have been a five-star luxury hotel in Paris and it couldn't have felt any better right at that moment. I must have stayed in there for ten minutes or more. I had no place to go and I wasn't keen to go back to the one-track sad thoughts of the day. When I finally did emerge, after toweling myself dry, I realised that I was hungry. Not surprising really as I'd been too strung out to think about food since I'd left Sean.
I didn't want to put my old clothes back on. They were so damp with sweat I knew I'd just want a shower again and I hadn't brought anything in from the car. I didn't have a robe hanging on the bathroom door like I would have at home -- or what had still been home this morning -- so I wrapped the towel about me, covering everything that needed to be covered. It was just big enough to go from my chest to the middle of my thighs with a bit of cleavage showing. It wasn't something I'd want to bend over in but that wasn't going to be necessary. I wouldn't keep it on if I was dancing but the trip to the car was no more than a few yards. Anyway, the place was deserted. I slipped out the door and turned the key. As luck would have it, I saw that I wasn't alone out there as I locked the car and headed back for the door.
The motel manager had gotten off his chair to have a smoke and was standing about 30 yards away, leaning against a wall. He was watching the one other guest, as he too was locking his car. I saw him turn to take me in and that's where his attention stayed. I checked the towel was secure and saw that the other man was looking my way too. Maybe I was the only woman in this hick town! He was a big, tall guy, about forty and stockily built. He grinned at me and then went over to his room. I didn't need company but was glad he at least smiled, unlike the expressionless manager. I went back inside and locked the door.
There was no mini bar in a place like this. It was way too low class. There wasn't even a fridge to put beer in if I could find somewhere still open to sell me some. The night was humid and even though I'd just showered, I was already beginning to feel like I hadn't. I definitely wanted a drink. It didn't take me long to scan the list of possibilities -- it boiled down to the drab bar I'd passed. It wasn't hard to imagine what it would be like. There'd be a barman who was the cousin of the manager of this motel and about four old guys, bored out of their skulls, sipping at the only beer they'd buy all night. If I went in, they'd make no pretence about not staring at me because they wouldn't be able to remember the last time they'd seen a woman in the place. Was I that thirsty? Really?
Truth is, I was. So what if a few old timers stared. It wasn't like that never happened to me. I was 42 but I kept in shape and the years hadn't been too unkind. I was in the mood to be noticed rather than ignored anyway. I'd invested a lot in Sean and I wasn't going to see any return at all now. I'd better get used to not thinking of myself as part of a couple. I'd got a wide choice of clothes to pick from as I'd taken my entire wardrobe that morning when I left. There were some dresses and tops that would be just too classy for small town, deadbeat bar and there were a few clothes I'd only wear if I actually was man hunting. Those days were long gone! I settled for a knee-length denim skirt and a plain white t-shirt. Perfectly respectable and nothing to make anyone think I was looking for action.
Even though it was close by, I drove to the bar. I didn't like the idea of walking the main street after dark with everything closed. I pulled into the parking lot and saw that I was about right. There were just five other vehicles there. At least it wouldn't be smoky with
so few customers, I thought, as I walked in and looked about. County music washed out from a jukebox in one corner and I could see just one table occupied in the badly lit main section. The two men sitting at a table big enough for eight were half way through their beers and immediately stopped drinking to eyeball me. I took no notice of them and walked to the bar. I could see that I hadn't been fair to the barman because he was in his early twenties and pretty nice looking in a vacant, surfer-blond sort of way. Far too young to have been of interest to me but definitely not a creep. I ordered a beer and took the rest of the place in.
The only other customers were at the back where there was a pool table. Two middle aged business types, looking tired and sweaty in their collared shirts and long pants were lazily knocking balls about while two more sat and watched. One was a black guy, I'd say in his fifties, in a shirt that he must have bought in the days when disco was something new, and a woman, maybe ten years younger than me. I was wrong about being the only woman, just as I had been about the barman. As I looked with more attention, I saw that the woman was wearing tight, short shorts and a halter top that showed off her bare, tanned back. So much for me worrying about causing a stir. She'd surely got that covered.
After about ten minutes, I was ready for my second beer. No one had spoken to me aside from the barman when he took my order and that suited me fine. My eyes turned back to the pool game and I saw that the woman was now playing Mr. Disco. She wasn't bad at the game and was sinking balls neck and neck with him. When she turned I couldn't help but notice she wasn't wearing a bra under her pale blue top. What was embarrassing is she saw me looking and held my eye for a moment. I hoped she didn't think I was interested or that I was being disapproving. It was just that she was quite busty and, as most men will agree, boobs just grab your attention even if you don't mean it to be grabbed.
I looked down at my beer and mused about my day from hell. I hadn't had a break up like this before. It wasn't that I hadn't seen it coming and it wasn't like either of us had left for another lover. It was just the weight of time taking its toll and the hurt that can't be avoided when you genuinely love someone but can't make it work and you finally make the break. My thoughts drifted and I swung between remembering good times and reliving bad times. I wondered which would win out in the end.
The crack of a ball being potted with power snapped me out of my melancholic reverie and I looked up. The woman had clearly won the game and now she was coming over to the bar. Naturally, I assumed she had decided it was time for another drink but, no, she walked straight up to me.
"I wonder if you'd be up for taking me on?" she asked, with a smile that was arrogant rather than friendly. "You gonna spend all night propping up the bar or do you want to live a little?"
My first thought was to politely decline but there was something about the challenge in her eyes that stopped me. I could play competently, I knew. She'd probably beat me but so what? She was right that propping up the bar all night was not my style. I'd half decided to cut my losses and turn in for an early night but I doubted I'd find sleep easy.
"Sure," I said, getting up and meeting her gaze. "Why not? I saw you just won and I'm not saying I can do any better but I'm happy to oblige. My name's Tess."
"Bella," she said by way of reply and walked back to the pool table with a sway of her hips that I guessed was meant to ensure she took all the attention. Seemed like she wanted to play me to make her look better. I didn't care though. It was here town, her bar -- good luck to her.
By the time I had picked up a cue, I saw the bar's business had suddenly doubled. There was no mistaking the manager from my motel and I also recognised the guy from the car lot. There were three other men, all in their forties or so, with them. The youth from the gas station had come by too. Once the got their drinks, they all came over to the side of the room where the pool table was and made it clear they were planning to watch. The guys at the other table had finished eating a while ago and we suddenly had what seemed to me a fair size audience. There eleven men waiting for the game to start and even the barman was turned our way.
"You happy to play local rules?" Bella asked and broke before I could answer.
"Anything special I should know," I shot back.
"That depends," she laughed. "I'd say I was quite special.What about you?"
I didn't choose to answer that question and concentrated on sinking a ball in the top right pocket. It wasn't that hard but I couldn't afford to be distracted. It would be good to get off to a quick start. That might give Bella pause to think. I took my time, released, and was happy to see the ball disappear just as I meant it to, even though I had no position for the next shot.
"Well, I guess we'll take that as a 'yes' to abiding by the rules here, Miss Tess," she said theatrically. "Sink two in consecutive shots and you'll make me take something off."
That stopped me in my tracks and I retorted, "What do you mean? Are you saying this is a game of strip pool?"
"Not necessarily, honey. That depends on how good you are. You might get me to take off one or two things but I doubt you'll strip me. You'd better be good if you want to keep that pretty top on and not have these fellas see what's underneath."
I knew there was nothing underneath her top but I really didn't want to be here in a dive like this if she actually took it off. These men looked like they'd devour either of us if we gave them that sort of encouragement.
"You can't be serious," I said, hoping she wasn't. Then I played a shot aimed at safety, maybe because I thought she might be.
Her smile told me she was. "Very serious, darling. It adds spice to a life that frankly needs spicing up from time to time. Do you like spice?"
I watched her line up her next shot and was not pleased to see her double a long shot into a bottom pocket.
"I don't need any spice, thank you," I answered.
"We'll see now, don't you worry none," was her reply and then I had to look on as she sank a ball at an acute angle into a centre pocket.
"What'll it be?" she asked me gleefully. "Local rules mean you take something off and shoes don't count. Bar rules says no bare feet. Nothing about bare tits or bare butts though. Your choice -- skirt or top?"
The situation had turned sour for me. It was not all what I had expected and not what I wanted. As I looked at the leering males, I could see getting them to accept a refusal to play by their rules would not be easy. The trouble was I wearing a thong underneath my skirt and the top halves of the cups of my bra were fairly see-through. What could I do? What should I do? There was no friend here to turn to. Bella was standing with a hand on her cocked hip and turned to the men.
"What do you think she should do? What would you most like to see?"
Their response was split but both sides yelled their preferences loudly enough to make it plain they were not going to be on my side if I cried off.
"OK," I said, "since you're so obviously not wearing a bra, I think I can afford to lose my top."
I took it off, folded it and stowed it on a side table. I thought that it in the subdued lighting, the men would not be able to see the tops of my nipples as I knew they would in broad daylight. But Bella put paid to that idea.
"Hey, boys! I can see her nipples through her fancy bra. They look big and dark to me. Want to see what I can see?" A roar of agreement went up. "Hey. Scott!" she said turning
to the barman. "Turn the light up over here."
And of course Scott did exactly that. I immediately knew just how clearly my nipples showed through my bra because the men proceeded to describe them in detail. The best thing I could do was focus on the game. I needed to keep it tight and rely on the decreasing number of balls to save me from removing anything else. I had no thoughts of making Bella remove clothes.
She was a much better player than me though and she made it perfectly clear she was not going to pot balls unless she thought she could sink another one with her next shot. I held out for five minutes but then she pounced. She even deliberately missed the third shot to save a ball.
There were cries for my bra to go but I was not going to give them the pleasure and so I had to remove my skirt. I was stunned to be standing there in public place, dressed just in a bra and a thong. Although I was embarrassed, I was also glad that I kept my weight in check and that these men liked what they saw. It would have been humiliating if they hadn't wanted my bra to come off or if they hadn't asked me to come over to them. At any rate, I wasn't thinking about Sean. The men here clearly liked the look of my ass judging by the comments they made and Bella gave it a playful slap.
"Hey! Stick to the game!" I protested.
My big mistake was potting a ball Bella had left for me. It was an obvious trap but I didn't stop to think. I had another ball hovering on the edge of a pocket so I absolutely couldn't not sink a consecutive ball. Now it was her turn to take something off.
"What do you boys want to see?" she asked with no shame at all.
'Tits!" was the unanimous shout from the men watching.
"Here they come!" she warned them to a loud cheer.
She didn't just life her top up, she took it off completely and threw it to Mr. Disco, letting her big tits bounce free. She was definitely a D cup and her pink nipples spread over a generous area of her firm, full breasts. It was clear I was no match for her in size.
"Let's have a 'Best Tits' contest," she urged. "I'll soon make her take that bra off and you'll see her playing topless too. Whose boobs do you think they'll like best, Tess? Want to back yourself and take it off now?"
I did not. I just hoped I could make a safe exit when the game ended. If Bella kept her top off, surely I could slip away while attention was on her...
For a while I thought I was going to get away with it and I played out of my skin, no pun intended. My luck didn't hold to the bitter end and she sank her last ball and then the black. The cheers were so loud I couldn't think. Then I felt my bra being unhooked and saw it fall to the floor. Bella put her arm round my shoulder and I could feel one of her breasts nudging against one of mine.
"Look, boys -- what do you think? Smaller than mine, of course, but more than a handful for most of you. And I admit Tess' nipples are really standing to attention. Careful you don't get too close and lose an eye!"
It couldn't really be happening. I wanted to pinch myself. I could feel wetness between my legs even though I felt I was in shock. It must be a dream, one of those weird cocktails of fears and fascinations the brain cooks up to screw with us. Like many women, I had fantasies about exhibitionism and I knew many did about group sex too. Sure, I'd wake up in a minute and lay there enjoying what could remember. But then I saw the men staring and laughing. The motel manager was the one who made me give up my hope that none of this was real. I couldn't rewrite him as a dream character. He was making groping gestures as he said something doubtless crude to the boy from the gas station.
I could tell the wetness in my pussy was real though. Although I was terrified knowing I really was standing topless in just a thong next to another topless woman in a lowlife bar with eleven gawking, worked up men, there was part of me that was quite turned on.
"Let's start the best tits contest, shall we, Tess?" Bella was saying. "May the best boobs win!"
She was going to be the winner obviously. Her tits were bigger and firmer than mine and she was younger and louder. "So what?" I thought. Maybe this would all end once she won.
"OK," I answered trying to sound indifferent. "What local rules are there this time?"
"Now you're getting it!" she laughed back at me. "There are ten categories and if it's a tie at the end of that, we make up an extra category to decide the winner."
I couldn't start to guess how this could be spun out to ten categories for judging our tits but whatever.
"What's the prize for winning?" I asked, not wanting to miss out on important stuff.
"Don't you worry about that," Bella crowed. "You should be asking about the penalty for losing."
I almost shot out the obvious question but wasn't going to give her the satisfaction.
"Maybe things will turn out different to what you expect." I said and surprised myself by cupping my boobs and gently squeezing them as I faced the men. All eyes fixed on my tits.
"Oh honey, that's good!" she purred, "But I can do that too and I've got a lot more to play with than you have."
She proceeded to jiggle her tits in her hands, raising them and letting them drop so they quivered. She had very firm tits and they bounced back higher than mine would so I didn't try to copy her.
"OK," I asked, "what's round one then?"
"Easy," she replied. "Who's got the biggest tits. Guys, if you vote for Tess raise your right hand."
No hands went up.
"And for me?"
All eleven hands rose.
"One-zip to me," Bella announced.
At least this would be quick, I thought as I waited to hear what round two was to be. Bella was clearly confident of more success and I could see the men were not surprised when she declared that this vote was for the firmest breasts. She flounced her breasts right in the face of my fellow motel guest to the delight of her audience but I didn't move. When she asked for the verdict, she got the same eleven to nothing margin and was quick to state the score.
"Now let's concentrate on nipples," she told me. "Who's are the biggest? I mean in area to avoid any doubt."
At a guess, I'd have said hers were twice mine if we could measure them in square inches. Obviously all the men would have estimated something like that too because she won by unanimous vote for a third time. It did occur to me that I might not lose on every count if we were sticking to nipples because mine were certainly longer than her stubby little nubs. She must have known she couldn't skip such an obvious thing to rate because that indeed was next on the list. This time I won without any dissent and I admit I was pleased to get off of zero. My nipples sometimes drew too much attention to my mind as they had a habit of showing through all but the thickest of bras. Still, this time I was glad
they were like that.
I got the fifth vote too. It was simply who had the darkest nipples and mine were a good few shades darker than Bella's pale pink ones. Mine were the sort that would stand out in a wet t-shirt contest if I ever was mad enough to enter one just as they had shown through my bra before I had to take it off. I was within one point now but I could see Bella wasn't at all worried. We were moving into new territory, she said with a knowing wink at the men, a territory she knew they would enjoy.
"This time Tess chooses one of you guys and the lucky one gets to feel both our tits and say whose he likes best."
Every face looked eager at that. They all wanted to be the person chosen for that job. I wanted to protest. I didn't want to let some lecherous stranger run his hands all over my breasts but I could see I was in a hole. No one was going to take no for an answer and I'd been standing topless in front of them for so long now what could I expect? I scanned the men and looked for someone who would be quick and not get carried away. I didn't want a mauling. I picked the oldest guy there and shut my eyes.
I had a bit of a wait though as he started on Bella and when I decided to look, I could see that not only was he enjoying himself fondling her boobs but she was either feeling or feigning great pleasure. He cupped them, covered them and squeezed them to the cheers of approval from the other men. Then he moved on to me.
His hands were slow and he began by caressing the undersides of my breasts. It was hard for me not to show some pleasure but I forced myself not to. Then he grasped each nipple between his thumbs and middle fingers and worked on rolling them and then pinching them. I couldn't help it. I knew my pussy was now very moist and a let out an audible sigh. The other men were quick to make comments about that and he heightened the sensation by stretching both nipples away from my breasts. I'd always loved that and everyone could see that plainly written on my face. He whispered in my ear about fucking me later and filling me with cum but I ignored him.
When he finished, I thought surely he would vote for me. He'd done almost nothing to Bella's nipples but I was wrong and he voted for her, explaining that you couldn't beat a pair of tits that were much more than a handful. Bella hadn't looked as confident before he spoke and she positively preened when he chose her tits over mine.
The score was 4-2 now and the next round predictably involved us having our tits sucked. With a strong lead, Bella was perfectly willing to let me choose the next man to get into the action. This wasn't something I wanted either but it wasn't going to be any more humiliating than what I'd gone through so far so I nodded. I hadn't been lucky going for an older guy so this time I went to the other end of the scale and selected Scott, the
barman. He was almost twenty years younger than me and I didn't hold out hopes for any favours but after this if I lost just one more round, perhaps they'd let me quit once Bella couldn't lose.
Scott gave me a warm and very attractive smile when I opted for him and he ignored all the shouted suggestions from the other men. He stepped up and told me that it was my turn to go first. With his back to the audience, he brushed his lips against an already very erect nipple and then began to lick it. My knees felt as if they would buckle and I took an involuntary step backwards. He pulled away and looked up at me sweetly before he moved on to the other nipple, fastening his mouth firmly to it and sucking vigorously at it. I could feel him drawing the length of it into this mouth and then he sucked urgently at the whole breast. When he pulled away a second time I wanted to tell him 'thank you' but couldn't speak. By now my thong was so wet it couldn't absorb much more.
He then gave Bella her turn and she pressed his head firmly into her breast as if she was trying to suffocate him. She let him sink into her and then pulled him off only to ram the
other boob into his face as if it was a weapon. He wasn't phased by this but he didn't spend nearly as looking sucking Bella's tits as he had had on mine. This time I was convinced he would vote for me and I was right. 4-3 and I was warmed up for a battle now, inhibitions completely forgotten. Bella was in a war now!
It seemed like Bella hadn't expected the contest to get this far as she stuttered when it came to announcing the next round and didn't come out with anything really. Mr. Disco stepped up and said that as it was so close, he thought the men should take over deciding what should be voted on. I felt it best not to argue and Bella had no reason to complain so that was settled quickly. He did Bella no favours when he chose the eighth round to be whose nipples could be stretched the most. I saw she was close to swearing but he cut her off by picking a man to do the work.
This time it was the manager of the motel. I would never have picked him but I wanted to win and just accepted the choice. He looked us both over and felt one of our tits with each of his hands. Then he asked the guest from the motel to snap a shot of him standing behind us weighing one of Bella's boobs in his left hand and one of mine in his right. I was too worked up right then to worry about what might happen to any photos of me having my tits groped.
With reluctance, he moved on to what he was supposed to be doing. He stayed behind us and took a firm grip on one nipple of each of us. Suddenly, he tugged hard. It hurt! I felt my nipple being yanked out from my boob and then pulled over to one side away from Bella. I looked down and saw just how much he'd elongated my nipple. He was pinching hard to maintain his stretch. Then I saw Bella's nipple slip free from his fingers and thought I'd won. It was much harder for him to get a strong grip on her much shorter nipple.
She insisted he try again and this time he was able to hold on. It didn't matter -- she wasn't going to win this round. When Mr. Disco produced a ruler and measured the results of the unpleasant man's work, I won by almost an inch. My nipple was measured to be out near the two inches mark although I knew that part of what was measured was actually my tit. Now the scores were level and I was just as wrapped up in this titanic contest as anyone else in the bar.
Mr. Disco pleased my rival with his choice for the ninth round. He told us we would have to put out hands together behind out back and then smash our tits together until one of us backed away. If Bella's nipples were twice as big as mine in area, her tits were a good three times mine in volume. She smiled nastily as she clasped her hands behind her.
"Get ready for a pounding!" she gloated. "Your tits are going to get mashed!"
She was right. From the moment, we started at it, the weight of her tits was to much for mine. I could feel them being battered from each side as she swung her boobs against me, bending my nipples back with each hit.
It didn't take long for me to decide not to give her the satisfaction pounding away. I took
the required step back and went 5-4 behind with only the final round left. I could see that men were using phones to video the action and knew I would look weak in that last contest. Rather than being freaked by being filmed, I just wanted the chance to get even. When Mr. Disco told us what he had in store for us as the finale, I would have been thinking it was made for me but for the fact was that my right nipple was still throbbing from the stretching the motel manager had given it. This time, a shoelace would be tied to each nipple with the other end being tied to the nipples of the opponent. This was going to be a nipple tug-of-war.
Bella smiled at me and said she hoped they would tie the laces tight as she didn't want me escaping easily. They certainly did that. It was tough on my left nipple but no worse than uncomfortable on the right. There was a line drawn in chalk on the floor and the loser would be the one to step over that line. Then we got a count down which the men clapped and hooted to.
I decided to let Bella take the offensive and she ripped into it, heaving against my nipples with all her might. I nearly went forward in the first seconds as fire shot from my nipples through my tits but I dug in and held. I could see both nipples lengthening again while hers hardly changed except for the dark purple color they had taken on. She clenched her teeth, put her hands on her hips and threw her shoulders back as she turned the screws. She must have thought I would crack as my nipples were stretched further and further away from my body but I could see she was not having an easy time herself. I ground my teeth together and crossed my arms under my boobs.
Then -- very suddenly -- it was all over. The laces popped from her nipples and we both
fell backwards. I didn't know what that meant and I didn't care. I was just glad the pressure on my nipples had stopped. Bella looked relieved too for a moment and then annoyed as Mr. Disco stepped between us.
"Rules are that if the laces come off your nipples, you're out. Tough luck Bella but there's a whole lot more nipple to tie the laces to on Tess. That's 5-5 -- a tie! We need a decider. Anyone got any ideas"
The men began talking excitedly about ways to reach a decision. Bella was rubbing ice on her nipples and they were gradually changing back to their normal colour from the deep purple they had become. I thought that was a good idea but before I could ask for some ice, the gas station guy was rubbing ice cubes from his bourbon over my nipples. I should have slapped him but it felt so good I just stood there and let him carry on. I was turned on by having such a young boy working on my tits like this.
"Hey, lady. I think you're liking this ice. You're nipples are getting as hard as rocks!"
He wasn't wrong but at least the heat was dying down. I turned to my right as I heard Mr.
Disco calling out to Scott that his suggestion was the one they would run with. I hadn't heard what it was and was apprehensive now. I'd got so far against Bella I didn't want to go down on the final lap. No way was all this going to be for nothing. I had no shame about being topless in a bar with a bunch of strangers at this stage of our contest, there was just winning in my mind.
Then I saw what Scott had come up with. He had a bowl in his hands and it were a bunch of clothes pegs, ones he no doubt used for hanging out bar cloths to dry. The decider was clearly going to involve nipple clamping. My heart leapt. This was something I'd been into with Sean. It certainly could hurt if you put them on wrong or left them there for too long but I liked the balance between pleasure and pain nipple clamps gave and I knew how to put them on.
"You good with that, Tess?" Bella asked without any genuine compassion. "Looked to me like your nipples had taken all they could. Want to quit before they get clamped? You'd be the loser but you'd have my respect. You agree, boys?"
It didn't sound like anyone else did agree with her. I guess they wanted to see how much we'd be able to take before we couldn't stand it anymore. Yes, they were hyped up and didn't care about anything but the show we were putting on for them.
"No way," I asserted. "What are the rules for this one?"
Mr. Disco explained that we had to have one peg on each nipple with our hands behind our backs. The one who asked to have them removed first was the loser and we weren't allowed to take them off ourselves. I couldn't see what was to stop either of us doing just
that but didn't bother to point that out to him.
"Just so long as we put them on ourselves," I insisted.
There were a few grumblings at that because several men had hopes of clamping nipples themselves but I got Mr. Disco's agreement. We were given 10 seconds to have them in place or we would be disqualified. Bella took no time at all and soon had the end of each of her nipples squeezed tightly by two pegs. I didn't take any longer, I just pulled out each nipple and clamped the peg on behind the tender tips.
Bella hadn't known about this technique and soon her face was screwed up with the discomfort. Once again her nipples had turned purple. Mine were more clearly visible, sticking out over the tops of the clothes pegs but the part of the nipple they were biting into was less sensitive. I jiggled my tits and moved right up to Bella, brushing her with my nipples. When I pushed against her clothes pegs with mine I could see her grimace. I knew I could last quite a while and she knew that too. With a curse, she had to ask Scott to take her pegs off so she could massage her sore nipples.
I knew I could take mine off now but chose to keep them on. I walked about, flaunting my tits and clamped nipples, actually encouraging the photos and movie clips.
"Now tell me about the prize and the penalty," I demanded.
Mr. Disco answered.
"The prize for winning is you get to choose anyone you want here to fuck you."
"What if I don't want to be fucked?" I asked him.
"That's you're right too. And you can choose as many of us as you like."
"Lucky me," I said, trying not to sound sarcastic. "And the penalty for the loser- I mean for Bella?"
"She has to suck your tits and then you get to choose who fucks her."
"What if I don't think she deserves to be fucked?"
"That's your privilege too," he said.
I paused to think about this and then realised I still had my nipples clamped. It was time to take them off so I asked the nearest man to do so. Did I want to be fucked? My pussy was very wet still. Did I want Bella to suck my tits? I wasn't into women but it would be good to have her as my servant... I made my decisions.
"Come on, Bella," I crooned, "here's a piece of paradise for you."
As she bent her head, I put a hand on the back of it and pulled her hard onto my boob and held her there. I could feel her mouth sucking on my nipple and then licking at it with her tongue. I kept her there for a minute and then got her to switch to the other tit. Once she was hard at work, I took her big tits one in each hand and squeezed them tightly until she moaned. When she'd finished I told her she was a good tit sucker.
The men all wanted to know what I'd decided about fucking. It was simple enough. I wasn't a whore and so I choose Scott and only Scott for me. I choose the motel manager for Bella and we stood side by side against the pool table, my left nipple tied to her right, while they fucked us from behind. Just before they came, I got Mr. Disco to clamp a peg onto our free nipples. That was enough to make us both come too, the lace tying us together producing more tension that the pegs.
I wasn't finished with Bella yet though. I called for every other man there to fuck her, one after the other. After 5, she wanted to change to sucking cock but I insisted she see the penalty through to the end. I didn't think she'd be so quick to set up the next woman
to stumble into town. The boy from the gas station pumped her hard and long as the last one to take his turn. There was cum running down her inside thighs when he finished.
Scott took me back to the motel when it was all over and he'd locked up. I was still topless as I waved good night to the charmless manager. Scott stayed the night and we hit it off well enough that I saw him again later. I never did go back to that town though, not to that bar and not to that motel. They never forgot me though, I knew for sure, because Scott told me about the photos on the wall by the pool table. He also told me Bella always wore a bra now...