The old man checked his watch, it was a little before 6:30, time to send Katie out on her date!
The old man had received a call from Mr. Oldham before Katie had arrived at the shop and had received an update on the plans for the date. Turning back from the counter the old man explained that Mr. Oldham had called with a message from Matt and that she was to meet him in bar downtown. He suggested that rather than wasting her money on a cab that she could catch a bus from just around the corner or she could walk as it was only 5 or 10 minutes. Katie's mind was still buzzing and so without much thought she said that she would walk as it might help clear her head. Little did Katie know that the plan concocted earlier by the 3 men would provide her with more than just a date in a local bar.
As she walked through the store the old man handed her a business card and told her that she was to hand it to the door man when she arrived at the bar and he would make sure she was escorted to the correct table in case Matt wasn't already there. He also handed her small bottle of water in case she was thirsty on the walk. The old man's kindness had ulterior motives as the small bottle was heavily laced with the stimulants that Katie had been consuming for most of the day.
With the directions in her mind Katie stepped out in to the daylight. It was then that she suddenly felt vulnerable. In the old man's store, the clothes and the sensations she had felt had made it all seem normal, but now out on the street she as feeling exposed.....very exposed.
The route to the bar was easy enough to follow and the old man had told given her directions that would lead her away from the main road so that she didn't get too much unwanted attention. With her mind still swirling and her arousal still peaking, Katie couldn't help but think that some attention might not be such a bad thing. As she walked there were a few cars pass her, slowing down, honking their horns and shouting offers to her. Although feeling exposed, she hadn't fully realised just what a show she was putting on. She was walking with her near naked side to the road which meant every driver was seeing almost everything. On her tall heels her body was swaying dramatically and her breasts were a profile of excellence. She wasn't sure whether she felt thirsty or nervous, but within seconds she had drunk the bottle of water the old man had given to her. Her mind was beginning to swirl, she had only been walking for a few minutes but she could feel herself getting increasingly aroused. Just when she thought she was controlling the heat that seem to be building across her entire body, her mind would focus on the butt plug, which was providing a constant pressure between her legs and she could feel her own juices starting to build.
At that moment, a car slowed and crawled alongside her. Inside were two men, they didn't say anything, they just stared. Thankfully for Katie she came to the side road that the old man had told her to take and she turned down it before there was anything said by the driver.
According to the old man the bar should be no more than a 5-minute walk from where she now was and she began to feel a little more relaxed. However, Katie was not aware of the plan that Mr. Oldham, the old man and 'Matt' had hatched.
As she continued her short walk Katie became aware of someone in the side road walking behind her. For a moment, she continued to walk and didn't turn around, the arousal from the butt plug, the stimulants she had consumed and the nervousness of her situation had her confused with what she should do next.
The heels she was wearing, and the butt plug, meant that she couldn't walk any faster and she certainly couldn't run. Without realising, she stopped and turned around. Just a few metres behind her were the two men from the car that had pulled alongside her just moments earlier. She stood in silence as the two men approached. Without a word being said the first of the men took hold of her and began kissing her firmly. The second man had begun to help himself to her body and was exploring her ever curve with his hands.
After a few moments, Katie found herself being lowered to the ground. The two men were well aware of the night that she had ahead of her and so were careful not to damage her new outfit. Kneeling in an all too familiar position Katie was soon holding firmly to two hard cocks and pumping them back and forth for all she was worth before then taking each in her mouth and swallowing them as deep as she could. Her arousal was again reaching epic levels and she quickly realised that she was desperate to feel the cocks invade her, but the two men seemed content with her hands and mouth.
The instructions the men had been given had been very clear, they were to take her before she reached the bar and to handle the girl in such a way that she was pushed to the edge and wanting to cum, but whilst not letting her gain any relief from her ever growing arousal. The instructions had said that they were under no circumstances to fuck her, but it didn't say anything about getting a blowjob from the stunning girl.
Katie's frenzied work on the two cocks soon began to produce results and the first of the men wrestled his cock from her hand just in time to fire a mass of hot cum in to her mouth. Spurred on by the sight of the girl swallowing every drop the second man did the same and after just a few minutes Katie had drunk every drop they had to offer.
The two men had been careful not to tear her very delicate costume but in the frenzy of the blowjobs the scarf top had been pulled loose. One of the men reached out and quickly pulled the top from Katie's body. He held it for a moment, and although remembering his instructions he thought it cuold perhaps be improved slightly and so he tore it in half along its length. The tissue thin material tore easily, and he was left holding two thin strips, one 10cm wide and the other about 5cm. He stuffed the wider of the two pieces in his pocket and replaced the now much narrower top back in place and retied the pink bow. The top now offered next to no cover. Katie's nipples were so erect that the thin strips of material were lifted away from her breasts leaving just the tips covered. Everything else was now on full view. Without giving the girl anytime to think, the two men suggested that she get on her way and ushered her along the side street.
With her mind still in a whirl and with her arousal clouding her mind, she had walked the few remaining minutes to the bar without any recollection of how she had gotten there. As she stood outside the club she paused and tried to gather herself. She could still taste the cum she had swallowed only moments ago, and she found herself savouring the lingering taste. The club was a dark shadow of a building with no sign of any interior lights escaping through the deliberately blacked out windows which provided Katie with a clear reflection of herself, and her outfit.
She had felt exposed as she had left the store, but the encounter with the two men had driven that thought from her head. Now, as she stared at her reflection, the feeling began to creep back. She worked her gaze up the reflection, one whole leg exposed and one barely covered, her pussy mound half exposed and her clit almost peeping in to view. She turned to check her ass. One ass cheek completely naked and the other with just a small patch covered. The costume had remained in place just as the old man had fitted it, but there was so little of it.
As her gaze reached her chest she so the true extent of her expose. She had been wearing a scarf of material around her neck and down over her breasts, but now all she had was a thin sliver of near transparent material that was only a few cm wide. The thin pink ribbon tied around her midriff had still held the ends in place, but they were now so narrow that they had slipped off the side each of each of her huge breasts. Completely exposed after taking just a few steps along the street, the nipple rings and chain were all that remained in place.
Katie's heart was thumping, she couldn't go in to a bar like this. Despite her mind still in a whirl she had an idea. She looked quickly around to make sure that there was nobody else following her and then untied the pink bow and removed both it and the scarf 'top'. She dropped the ribbon to the floor and pulled the narrowed band of material across the middle of her back. Taking each end, she pulled them together across her chest so that she could tie them in front.
The piece of material wasn't very long, but it was just long enough to tie a small bow in the centre of her chest. The material was pulled snugly across Katie's back and in front the small bow was buried deep in her cleavage. Even pulled taut, the thin material allowed for some give and it was only her erect nipples that held it in place. It afforded her no more cover, perhaps less, but she at least felt that with it tied more firmly in place that at least her nipples might remain covered for more than just a few steps!
With one last check, she took a deep breath and walked around to the front of the building. The door man smiled as she approached, her hips were swaying a top her high heels and her whole upper body appeared to be in motion. Katie handed him the business card that she had been given by the old man. Without a word being said he offered Katie his arm and led her in to the bar.
It was still early and so the bar wasn't yet busy. The few men that were there needed no prompting as she walked in, their eyes were glued to her as she was led between the tables and toward an open area at the rear of the room. As she walked past the staring men, Katie could feel her heart thumping with excitement, with all eyes trained focused on her she could feel the heat building between her legs. The bar area had an open space in the middle with a slightly raised platform/stage in the centre. There were a number of booths around the sides and Katie was seated at one with a bottle of champagne placed in front of her, opened and a glass poured.
After a few minutes a large muscular man walked over an introduced himself as the manager as he sat at Katie's side. He exchanged pleasantries for a few moments and explained that her arrival was right on time as the nights first act would be on shortly. He didn't go in to any detail about the act and before Katie could ask the lights in the bar began to dim and music began to play.
With the bar now darkened the bar manager shifted closer to Katie and placed a hand on her thigh which resulted in Katie letting out a sharp gasp. With the powerful stimulant mixing with the champagne she was now drinking Katie's feelings were growing stronger and so she let the manager continue. The manager's hand stayed resting on her thigh and then after a few moments it began to move inwards between her legs. Katie was biting her lip as she felt the excitement building and beginning to coarse through her body. Gently, but firmly, the manager uncrossed Katie's legs and pulled them apart. With the lights in the bar dimmed Katie hoped that nobody would be able to see what was happening, but with her focus on the hand between her legs she hadn't noticed that the occupants in the bar had all made their way over to the other booths and were watching her every move.
The bar managers hand had found its way deep between Katie's spread legs and was gently stroking the folds of her cunt and caressing her clit. The waves of pleasures washing over her were almost unbearable and she wished that the man would push further, deeper, and give her some release.
As she sat staring at the empty stage, the first of the night's acts appeared and walked over the stage and stood in front of her. It was a stripper. Not unusual for a bar, but what was strange was that in a room full of men, it was a male stripper.
The stripper was one of the largest men she had ever seen. He stood about 6ft 5' with a massive chiselled body. His muscles were immense and they appeared to ripple even as he stood motionless. He was dressed in only a small towel which was tied low across his hips. There was little disguising the fact that under the towel his body was equally proportioned, as a very large bulge stood proudly out from beneath. Without realising it, Katie was staring, and she was breathing deeply as the roving hand continued about its business. The stripper had not moved from in front of Katie and his massive frame was blocking most of her view of the stage area and of the rest of the bar. When she had first walked in it had been just a few men, the manager and Katie. However, when after a few more moments the stripper stepped to one side, Katie was presented with 3 more strippers, all of the same massive build and size. The 3 'new' strippers were also dressed only in small towels and were sporting the same huge bulges. They walked over from the stage to stand together in front of Katie.
What Katie hadn't yet realised was that the back of the room was now full of men sat in the booths around the stage area. The managers hand continued to tease and play with Katie's pussy and clit. Although she hadn't climaxed she was sat trembling as her feelings built and built.
The music in the bar had become a little louder and at the same time the lights in the bar been raised slightly. The manager took this as his cue and removed his hand from between Katie's legs, stood and waked to the centre of the stage. In what seemed to Katie to be a dream he then announced the beginning of the night's entertainment and it woul be the bars new act, Katie! At this point her trembles of excitement began to give way to fear and she froze, but before she could do or say anything the 4 strippers guided her by the arm to the centre of the stage. The room was full of whistles, with shouts and hoots from the seated men.
Now stood to one side of the stage the manager continued his compering and announced that the 4 strippers and Katie would now begin. Without a further second gone, the strippers began to move and gyrate around Katie with their hands roaming all over her body. Their movements were well rehearsed as it made it look like the frozen girl was moving with them. As their movements became more brazen, the fear that had momentarily gripped her began to fade and her arousal rose quickly back to the surface.
Katie's costume didn't cover much to begin with, and as the crowd of men began to shout out for her to be stripped, there was no difficulty in removing it. The thin top was pulled free and Katie's huge breasts were fully exposed. The dancing continued with the men's hands touching every inch of her body. She was lost in arousal and in turn was stroking the bodies of the muscled men.
Katie was lost, as tongues flicked her nipples and fingers probed her pussy, she writhed in near ecstasy. Before long the shouts from the crowd of men began to demand more and the bar manager signalled the strippers to take things forward.
In an instant Katie's 'legging' was torn free leaving just a small triangle of the sheer fabric hanging from her waist chain. Whilst the strippers were 'undressing' Katie, the manager had pushed a large cushioned bed on to the stage and the strippers led Katie over to it and laid her flat on her back. The men then quickly moved in, each dragging off their towels as they did. Katie was staring in disbelief, she was staring at 4 huge cocks, all of which were over 10" long and yet still not fully erect. Instantly one of the cocks was pushed in to her mouth and her hands were placed on two more. Afew minutes later the now fully erect the cocks easily measured over 12" and were almost as wide as coke cans. Katie was vigorously throating one cock when she felt the first enter her pussy. It felt like nothing before. At first she thought it was going to tear her apart but seconds after it entered, her pussy relaxed and started riding with it. For the next ten minutes the four men alternated between hand, mouth and pounding her dripping pussy.
She didn't feel the chain being unclipped from between her legs and barely felt the tug on the butt plug as it came free, but she did feel it being replaced by one of the monster cocks. She squirmed for a second, but the butt plug a lube gel had done its job and although a tight fit, the cock soon found its way all the way in. Now resting on one side, she had a cock wedged deep in her ass and one buried deep in her pussy, both were pounding her relentlessly and she was loving every minute. For two hours the action continued as the 4 strippers used her body every way possible, every hole was exploited and Katie swallowed mouth full after mouth full of hot cum.
After they had come several times each the strippers were inevitably beginning to fade and so the bar manager asked them for one last push. For 10 minutes they gave the girl a brutal pussy, ass and mouth fucking. In such a state of ecstasy, Katie returned their efforts until they all had nothing more to give. They were spent. Each of the strippers gathered their towels and left Katie laid spread eagle on the bed, dripping with sweat and cum she was exhausted, but for the first time in what seemed like forever, she felt satisfied. The feeling didn't last long!
The manager turned to the crowd of men, which had grown considerably over the two hours, and invited them all to sample the girl. There was to be no fucking, but they should feel free to use her hands and mouth. Near on 30 men gathered around the prone girl. Even in a near state of exhaustion, Katie felt her body react and she reached out for cock after cock. After another 2 hours, Katie was left semi-conscious on the bed. She was covered from head to toe in the cum of over 30 men. For two more hour's she had sucked and wanked each cock at least twice and had swallowed the cum from most all of them before they all then showered her with her with last efforts.
Throughout the evening there had been many phones recording and taking photos, but the best footage had been captured by the specially installed bar room cameras which had recorded every second of the event. The bar manager had agreed with Mr. Oldham that it made sense to capture the event to be used, if needed, as persuasion for Katie at a later date, or perhaps to post online and to make some extra money for the bar.
After a few hours, Katie began to wake. She was still naked and still on the bed in the centre of the bar. As she sat up she felt the sticky cum on the bed and her body. Within seconds the memories of the night came flooding back. This was the moment the two men had agreed that the recorded footage might be needed in order to keep her in line. They need not have worried. As her memories came flooding back, Katie found herself enjoying them, savouring every moment. Before she knew it, she had one hand between her legs and the other tweaking her nipples. She had been nervous and scared, her body now ached all over, but she had loved every second.
The bar manager had been watching Katie from one of the booths and walked over to help her to her feet. Her led her to the bar where he sat her down and poured her a glass of water and a strong cup of coffee. It was nearly 5am, the bar had long since emptied and tales of the 'hot' girl with the amazing tits were already being spread about town. The manager chatted to Katie for a while until she had completely regained her senses. After a little while she realised that she was still naked and for a split second she almost felt embarrassed, but then the night events rushed back in to her mind and suddenly the feeling of being naked in front of one guy didn't seem to be an issue at all.
The old man had made sure that the bar manager was clear about the girl, no 'harm' was to come of her and he was to get her back to the store after the night's events. The manager left Katie sat at the bar for a few moments before returning with the remnants of her clothes. At some point during the evening all her clothes, her nipple and clit rings and chains and been removed, likely now mementoes for a number of the men from the crowd. All that remained was the hip chain attached to which was a small triangle of the thin legging material.
The manager explained that she would need to head back to the old man's store as soon as she felt able, but that she should probably make sure she was back there in plenty of time so that she could change in to her 'work' clothes'. He then handed her the chain and scrap of material and suggested that she put it on for the walk back to the store. Katie almost laughed out loud. There was nothing left of the clothes. With a sigh of resignation, she hopped down from the bar stool and clipped the chain back in place low around her hips. She twisted the chain so that the small triangle of material was positioned in front. It offered little or no cover, it simply pointed down to the small tuft of hair and her swollen clit and pussy.
The manager then handed Katie a thin pink ribbon, it was the ribbon that she had discarded before entering the club. This time Katie did laugh out loud. Laughing at the absurdity of the situation she asked the manager to hold the ribbon against her back as she tied it across her breasts in a bow. The ribbon was only 1cm wide and so as she pulled it over her nipples she laughed again at the cover, or rather the lack of cover that it provided. After a day of wearing nipple rings, and the evening she had just experienced, her nipples were still full erect and engorged. The ribbon simply at across the tip of each having been pushed completely clear of her breasts. That was it, she was dressed and ready to head out.....again.
As she left the bar, she stopped and turned to face the blacked-out windows. She drank in her reflection. Her hair was dragged back and still wet with cum, her skin was covered in dried cum with areas still glistening. The chain and scrap of material did nothing but point to her swollen pussy and with nothing in back her ass was completely bare. Her tits (she was now calling them tits), were standing proud of her body, the tips of each erect nipple laughingly covered by a thin pink ribbon. What would people think. Her mind spoke up and she found her saying out loud, "who cares what they think". With that she turned and headed back toward the store.