Oh hell, Charlene thought, when she was about a block away. She was hot and thirsty and exhausted. She had to walk slowly because her pelvis felt funny after her epic screwing. Her inner thighs were slimed and it was drying crusty and uncomfortable. As good as it felt, that little episode set her back. She forgot the twelve dollars in her rush to get away and she didn't get the ten. Again, she had no money for cab fare and now not even bus fare. She'd have to walk the rest of the way. She felt even more vulnerable in that little brown knit dress because it had been so stretched out of shape. Her tits were exposed to her areolas and she constantly had to pull it up to keep her nipples from showing. The hem was stretched so it was a little longer in front than in back but this meant the knit was looser in front, more transparent. If she had panties on they would have shown right through. At least, except for the narrow landing strip, she was shaved..
She thought back to the morning, seemingly so long ago after the day's events. She remembered how horrible it was to wake up alone, nude, with a creampie, and get thrown out of the hotel with no money and half-exposed in obscene clothes. She thought about how that guy in the diner felt her up and how much better it was with Enrique. She liked having her breasts fondled by the naïve young man. Back home in Arizona, the boys would always do it to her slowly so they would get her hot and bothered. They knew the more time they spent on her tits, the more likely they were to get to third base. They thought that by playing with her luscious boobs they could make her crazy with desire and get her so carried away she'd let them fuck her. What they didn't know was that she would let any of them fuck her anytime if she wanted it. She just let them think she got carried away so they'd do it more.
She was slinking through the next alley over, when she realized that she was behind a local movie theater that showed porn, one of the last in the city still in business since the video revolution. She remembered seeing a sign on the front, something about ladies getting in free. She still had a ways to go but she had a little time -- it was only four o'clock and her shift did not start until eight. If she could get in there, she thought, she could at least cool off and get some water to drink, and rest her butt for a few minutes. Let her stretched pussy recover and her pelvic organs get back into their proper position. Maybe then she might be able to push on faster. She might even be in shape to work tonight.
Charlene circled around from the alley. She took a chance and nervously walked out on the street, conscious of the fact that she was walking funny and that she was exposed to the point of being lewd. This wasn't a great neighborhood to be displayed herself. Fortunately, there weren't many people around. There were a couple of guys hanging out on the street corner. A guy going into the liquor store. A young man in a red shirt -- maybe twenty - was counting his money in front of the theater box office. She knew he was there but she didn't look at him, to avoid drawing attention to herself.
With more confidence than she felt, she walked up to the box office and waved. A man in his twenties was inside. He was wearing a blue T shirt and needed a shave. She thought he was kind of cute. He looked up, startled to see her. She pointed to a sign that read "Ladies Welcome -- Free Admission". Maybe they were trying to make the porn theater a pickup place. Maybe they thought that some women desperate for loving and a hooker or two would be a draw.
"Can I just go in?
He looked at the sign like he'd never seen it before. She was probably the first woman to want to come inside in years. He nodded and grinned at her. She wasn't interested in a pickup just then, so she said thanks and walked in, still a little bow legged from the reaming she had endured less than a half hour before.
The theater was a lot cooler than the outside, even though the air conditioning wasn't on very high. She blinked to get used to the dim light in the lobby after the bright sunlight. The place was falling apart. The carpet was dirty and torn and the paint was peeling. A shabby counter stood empty where once there was a snack bar selling popcorn. A couple of chairs in the lobby were losing their stuffing.
She spotted the sign for the toilets and made a beeline for the ladies' room, up some stairs that led to the projection room. On the way she passed a water fountain. She stopped and drank her fill, slaking her thirst. The cold water splashed on her face and revived her a little. In the ladies room, things were old and broken but clean -- it looked like it hadn't been used in years. She relieved herself in the only stall. It tingled when she peed. She felt a sore down there, with good reason.
Charlene stood in front of the cracked mirror and took stock. Her clingy, revealing brown dress was now wet and stinking. Her hair was wet and stringy. She was all sweaty. Her legs were creamed and crusty with dry spunk. Her back and calves were covered with dust. Her pussy was tender. She was still feeling a twitch every now and then in her cunt, as it worked itself back to normal. She was a mess.
She took off her dress and hung it on a hook. At least it could dry out a little while she cleaned up at the little, stained sink. There was an old bar of soap in the dish. It took her a few minutes but she washed her face, splashed water under her arms, wiped her legs down with a paper towel, and did the best she could to clean herself between her legs. She was dripping water on the floor, but she didn't care. When she touched her tender pussy, it didn't feel bad. She felt some little sensations rumbling deep in her pelvis. Her cunt lips felt sensitive. Inside, she was still dripping wet. By the time she had washed her pussy and thighs and mopped herself up with a paper towel, she was feeling pretty good down there. Oh great, she thought, here I am starting to masturbate. Get a grip on yourself, girl.
She took the brown dress off the hook and held it up by the straps. The dress had dried a little but it still smelled like sweat and sex. There were dirt streaks and come stains all over it and it was still damp. From a distance, though, the dirt kind of looked like a design on the fabric so maybe she could get away with it on the street. The main thing was that she'd have to keep away from people because if they got too close they could smell semen and body odor on her. She thought about trying to wash it in the sink but then she'd have to stay cooped up in the restroom until it dried and that would never work. The knit fabric was like a sponge -- it would stay wet for hours if she soaked it in water.
She put the skimpy dress back on. It wasn't much but it was all she had to cover her nakedness out on the street. She looked in the mirror and saw how much it had stretched at the neckline. She didn't remember that it came so low and loose in front. She could see the tops of her rosy pink areola when she leaned forward. It probably stretched out of shape when Mel pawed her. Down below, the hemline seemed to be higher. It came just below her crotch. She was going to have to be careful it didn't ride up in public. She didn't dare lean all the way over either or she'd show her butt.
She wanted to rest for a while, to cool off some more and take a load off her feet. She thought she needed a few minutes to let her still-stretched pussy get its shape back, too. She could go into the movie and maybe even take a little nap, she thought, if the show wasn't too loud. She could hear the moaning and heavy breathing from the soundtrack. It was kind of hot, hearing the soundtrack and not seeing the film.
At the head of the stairs, she saw the guy at the box office and the guy in the red shirt in the lobby. She stepped back out of sight. They were looking for something -- someone -- maybe her? She overhead them talking about a puta who had just come in and where had she gone. They went outside again and she dashed down the stairs and behind the vacant counter.
She figured they had probably checked inside the theater and if they weren't dumb they'd look in the ladies' room next. If they saw the wet towels, they might think she had used it, cleaned up and left the building.
They came back in again, and sure enough they went up the stairs. They went right into the ladies' room without knocking -- that was a bad sign, she thought -- and the box office guy came out first. The guy in the red shirt came out holding one of the towels she had used. He brought it up to his face and took a big sniff. He handed the used towel to the other guy, who did the same. Both of them were smiling. They turned and looked toward the lobby again and she ducked under the countertop. She heard them walk down the stairs and around the lobby again, then from her hidden cubbyhole she say them go in the theater. Perfect, she thought. They won't find her and they'll think she left. They were in there a very long time. She figured they must have checked every row and maybe behind the screen and the exits. This really was not good, because it meant that they were really determined.
In the meantime, she left the counter and crept back up the stairs, where she could see the lobby without being seen. They came out again, looked all around and this time even checked under the counter. She hoped they couldn't smell that she'd been there. Finally they shrugged, talked for a few minutes and went outside.
Great, she thought. They gave up. She picked her way down the stairs -- her stretched pussy still wouldn't let her move too fast -- and ducked into the movie.
It took a minute to see around her in the darkness. On screen, a gorgeous blond with long floppy tits was taking it from behind, boobs swaying with every thrust, and moaning with her mouth wide open. Good goin', she thought to herself. I could do that in the movies and make a few more bucks.
She looked around her and saw that there were only a couple of people in the audience. There was an old guy who needed a shave slumped in a chair on the right. He was either sleeping or passed out. A chunky guy in his forties was sitting in the center right in front, staring at the screen. She could see his right arm moving up and down. She looked around again for the best place to sit. She would be most hidden in the dark in the back row all the way on either side but she didn't like that idea. Too easy to find herself cornered if someone wanted to mess with her. The very back rows in the center weren't so good either. They were the first places anyone would look when they came in. She finally settled for a center row, close to the left aisle, well behind the sight of the guy pulling his pud unless he turned all the way around.
She sat down gingerly -- it was the first time she had sat down since taking that telephone pole up her twat -- and slid down as far as she could go in the chair. Her knees were against the chair in front of her. Her chin was almost in her cleavage. She pulled the short, dirty dress down but it still barely covered her pubic hair. She had to pull it up over her butt in back and pull it out in front to get enough fabric to cover her twat. The seat felt sticky on her ass cheeks. She wasn't comfortable but it was a lot better than the street.
It was dark, Charlene was exhausted, and she was more or less lying down. The only thing keeping her awake was the loud sound from the movie as the actors screamed and came and carried on. On screen, the guy doing the blond pulled out of her hole and held his dick over her ass crack -- come splattered all over the actress's asscheeks and her back. The scene changed and the movie got quieter. On screen, another couple had started up. The girl was a pretty, slender brunette with round tits, like hers, and the guy looked like a football player. She was playing with his prong and nibbling it along the shaft. Charlene suddenly felt so tired, she was drifting, drifting off to ....
She was in a boat, floating on the water. A man was fucking her, very slowly and deliberately. Her breasts were lazily lolling around on her chest, wobbling with the action. Deidre was in the boat, too, but even though she was nude, too, she just watched, with her lofty air as the Duchess. Charlene put the back of her left hand to her forehead and came, prettily, without a sound. The man had an orgasm and ejaculated inside her. Then he stood up and disappeared. Deidre came over and stroked her cheek and said "Very nice, luv." Then she got between Charlene's legs and licked her clean. Another man came into the boat. He fucked her, very slowly and deliberately. Her breasts were wobbling with the action. Deidre just watched and licked her lips. Again, Charlene put the back of her left hand to her forehead and came, prettily, without a sound. This man had his orgasm and ejaculated inside her. Then he too stood up and disappeared. Deidre came over again and stroked her cheek and said "Very nice" only this time her fingers were wet. Again she got between Charlene's legs and licked her clean. Another man came into the boat. Charlene lifted her head and saw that the men were coming from the shore, each in a boat of their own, rowing out to have sex with her. She felt warm all over, calm, like she could spend the rest of her life on her back getting fucked, getting sucked, in the hot sunshine ...