Now alone in the dressing room, Cate was positively vibrating. She was so turned on from her final performance, the reaction of the crowd, and the mind-blowing oral assault from her husband, that it was difficult for her to think straight. Oh, how she would love to get fucked right now. Her pussy was literally slobbering, and she could just imagine how fantastic a big, hard dick would feel battering into her.
"Well, that's not going to happen," she thought lamentably to herself. "So get your shit together, get dressed, and get out there. Tits up. Time to go."
She donned the suggested outfit, smoothing the silky stockings up her long, shapely legs and then sliding the tiny mesh thong up to cover her plump, moist pussy. Her fat, juicy lips were crushed tight against the mesh and her pearl protruded impudently through one of the openings, exposing itself to scrutiny. And possible peril. She settled her tits into the balconette bra which ostensibly just exhibited them on a ledge. Her crinkly areolae and thick, brown nipples were completely exposed above the cups, literally inviting appraisal. She pinched each of her already turgid nipples with her thumb and forefingers, pulling them away from her tits, so she could stretch and release the tight little rubber rings over them. She then rolled the tiny rings to the base of her distended nubs. The pressure provided delicious stimulation that sent tingling signals to her moist vagina. They would serve to keep her swollen nips at attention for as long as they were strangling her sensitive tips. She slipped into her fuck me pumps, fixed her makeup and hair, plucked at her exposed nipples one last time, and checked herself in the full-length mirror.
"Good gawd, you're actually going to go out there like this? You look like a fucking porn star. You horny bitch. You definitely have lost your mind. This is so hardcore," she mused. She spun this way and that checked out her body from all angles, nodded approvingly, and blew her reflection a kiss.
"You are almost fucking naked. There is no way you are getting out of there without being felt up by those horny bastards." If she was being honest with herself, she was totally looking forward to it, and she was elated that Tom had picked out this X-rated outfit to further show her off.
"I just hope this is really what he wants from me and that he doesn't lose his shit," she thought, still a little concerned despite his pronouncement of approval. "Oh well, This was all his idea. Here goes."
Cate took a deep breath, gave her head a shake, and strutted confidently into the theatre to a loud, boisterous cheer from the twelve men. They promptly crowded around her and effusively gushed their appreciation for the most breathtakingly erotic and entertaining show they had ever seen. Jason addressed the crowd and insisted they all give her some space. He promised that they would all have a chance for a selfie with her and volunteered to act as photographer. He would use his phone to take the photos and then send them to the individuals. He glanced to the back of the room and noticed that Tom was keeping a reasonably close eye on the proceedings.
Every man there was shamelessly ogling Cate's nearly naked body, but none more so than Jason. Now that he could feast his eyes up close on her jutting nipples with their little black 'sweater bumper' rings, her barely covered pubic mound and tight slit, and her oh-so-inviting backside, he desired her more than ever. His cock grew stiff in his pants as he started taking picture after picture of Cate with her handsy admirers. They were not shy about putting their arms around her while being photographed. Some casually let their hands sneak down to the tops of her very accessible breasts. A few even dared to let their fingertips dangle over the swollen, elongated nipples to give a little flick, or a rub, or an occasional pinch. The tight rings circling the base of her nipples got a fair amount of attention and prompted some interesting questions from a few of the more curious members of her audience. One of them even referred to them as cock rings for nips, and the comment received a hearty laugh from the assembled executives. Others put their arms around her back and took the liberty of sliding their hands down to cup or caress a pliant asscheek.
She was a little surprised that no one had dared to go for her pussy which was also on show and only protected by a delicate wide-mesh thong. Her clit was insinuating itself through the weave and would have been an easy target for some brave soul. That surely would have been the sign for her to shut the whole thing down as she was positive that such an effort would send her over the edge again, and she was pretty sure that she didn't want to orgasm while surrounded by these men, though she had to admit, the thought did excite her. So far, she was fine with what was happening. She wanted to give them all a little thrill and was okay with a sneaky boob feel or some mischievous grab-ass.
For her part, Cate indulged the groping with aplomb and was able to keep it to reasonably short durations and nothing got out of hand. All the adulation, plus the manhandling, had amplified her feverish desire, even though she had been given an intense orgasm by her husband only a short while before. Her hard, strangled nipples ached with anticipation and she started to get a little drippy between her legs. It was impossible for her not to notice that the 'photographer' had a massive boner and that it appeared to be trying to rip through the front of his pants. She couldn't help but wonder how something like that would feel in her mouth right now. Or her cunt. Or maybe even her ass. Fuck, was she ever horny.
Jason was looking at her like the cartoon wolf with the bulging eyeballs the entire time he was taking the pictures. He wondered how on earth he was ever going to get her alone long enough to work his magic and seal the deal. He had been snapping photos of her largely exposed body for the past 20 minutes and it had given him a massive, aching erection. He figured she also had to be turned on after those fiery performances, her hubby's oral attentions, and the mauling she was receiving from his co-workers.
"Why didn't Tom fuck her in the dressing room after the show?" Jason wondered. "Why just go down on her? It would have been so simple to bend her over a chair and nail her from behind if she was so horny after that last performance. I know I certainly would have. No doubt about it."
Cate had him salivating with lust and he was positive that if he just had little more time alone with her, he could bend her to his will. His seduction techniques never failed him. Once his quarry got a good look and feel of his long, thick shaft with its big purple crown, they were eager to open their legs wide and welcome it in. Usually more than once.
Now that all of the photos had been taken and everyone had gotten a little grope of Cate's squooshy parts, she figured that it was time for her to throw on a robe and make her way up to the suite. She was desperate to get her makeup off and take a long hot shower. Or maybe even a nice relaxing bath. Plus, she needed to get some food in her. She and Tom had missed dinner because of all the show prep and running around, and now her stomach was talking back to her. She knew Tom's had to be as well. Cate got his attention with a little wave and a 'come here' gesture. When he came down to her, she told him she was going to head up to the suite, and that he should join her when he was finished. All of the men except for Jason had left the room and were on their way to the lobby bar to have a few more drinks. They had all just been run through quite an arousing ringer and needed to come down from the experience.
"Do you want to wait for me to finish here and I'll go up with you?" Tom asked, "I don't think I'll be too long. Just a little packing up to do."
Before she could reply, Jason jumped in saying, "Don't worry. You do what you have to do here and I'll escort our little star here up to your suite. I also took the liberty of having a bottle of champagne put in your room. I would love to have a drink with the pair of you to celebrate an incredibly successful endeavour."
Tom caught Cate's sneaky eye roll and looked at Jason saying, "Sure thing. You two go ahead and I'll join you as soon as I can."
"Take your time. Do what you have to do. The night is young and we've still got some fun ahead of us," Jason said.
And with that, Cate fastened her flimsy silk robe around her and started to make her way up to the suite with a very horny, very determined, Jason Sinclair.