The BMW X5 slowed, stopped to wait for traffic to clear, then quickly turned left onto the short causeway that led onto Whistler's Island. Slowing again, it turned right into the gravel parking area and pulled into the first available spot close to the dune. It stopped and the engine shut off.
Inside, Wilma carefully picked up the rather large canvas bag she had brought, checked the surprisingly moderate bikini she had worn, which didn't really matter that much anyway, pulled the very gauzy and nearly transparent cover-up over her shoulders and stepped out of the car, locking the doors and putting the car keys, as she still called them despite the fact that they were annoyingly all electronic, carefully into the little pocket with the zipper that was on the inside of the bag. But she did leave the pocket unzipped. She crunched through the gravel till she reached the steps that carried her up over the dune, then down the matching steps on the far side. At the small kiosk she paused, took a small plastic card from that unzipped pocket and inserted it in the card reader. In an instant it buzzed, a green light turned on and she could hear the gate unlatch.
She pushed the gate open, stepped inside and bent to take off her sandals as she loved walking barefoot through the soft sand, even though it was a little hot today. She passed the concession stand and smiled at the girl behind the counter. Ahead of her stretched a lot of soft sand, and further down toward the ocean, the now bare hard sand as the tide was apparently out. And, there were people of course. Not as many people as were there some Saturdays which was fine with her, although, sometimes she actually enjoyed the larger crowd. A short walk and she selected a spot, took her towel from the bag and spread it carefully on the sand and sat down. She signed, reached around behind her and untied the straps holding the bikini top in place. She let the two shoulder straps slide down her arms, then took the top and folded it neatly before stowing it carefully in the bag.
Wilma was on WI1 as it was called, the first section of Whistler's Island beach. It was generally referred to as "clothing optional" but that was a little bit of a euphemism as what it actually meant was women were allowed to be topless there. Actually, there was really no "clothing optional" area as WI2 was totally nude as was, of course, WI3, where she had never been. But she was content right here for a while, letting the sun beat down on her body, and particularly her breasts. She had really just discovered this exhibitionist streak a few years ago, and, along with that, had discovered Whistler's Island where she could show herself to her heart's content. When it had first overtaken her, she had begun wearing revealing clothes to the mall, bending over a lot and letting people look down her very low neckline, but she found the island to be more satisfying and, despite the rush she got from the danger, she didn't need that now. She was also surprised a little and very content that all that took place here was watching, although she knew that in WI3 there was a little more than watching. She liked being watched. She had struck up a casual acquaintance with a pair of older couples but was a little wary of the younger males. Nothing had ever happened but she couldn't be too careful.
Since it was a very hot day, she didn't want her shoulder-length fairly dark brunette hair touching her shoulders, so she gathered it together high up on the back of her head, took the elastic band from the bag and snugged it around the hair making a cute little pony tail. Next came the sunscreen which she applied fairly liberally to every bit of skin that showed, particularly to her breasts which she knew were nice but anything but spectacular. If she gained three pounds, her B bras were a little tight and pushed too much of her up and outside of them. If she lost the three pounds, her C bras hung loosely and were uncomfortable. Whatever size they were, they didn't get quite as much time out in the light as most of the rest of her. Despite her trying to be as careful as possible, as she brushed over her nipples they immediately sprang to life, as they often did. Here, that was okay but other times she had to be a little more careful as they could almost have a mind of their own. She also hated smelling like a coconut, so her sunscreen was odorless and didn't mask the aroma of the cologne she loved to wear. And, sitting there glistening like she knew she was doing only made her more watchable and she did like being watched. Later she was sure she'd move to WI2 where she'd have to use a little more sunscreen but she was satisfied here now. She might get a snack and something to drink before she moved so best to stay put for a while.
She lay back on the towel, laying her arms straight out from her sides and spread her legs just enough to be a little alluring without actually showing anything just yet. She lay that way for maybe 10 minutes before she decided to sit up and do a little watching herself. It was always interesting to see the topless women and, of course, compare a little but mostly to just fantasize about who and what they were and why they were here. She had been sitting that way for just a few minutes where she was aware of a male figure that seemed to be heading straight for her. Her brain tensed a little - she was here to be seen and not to be bothered. But continue he had and now he had stopped right in front of her.
"Hi," he said, a huge smile on his face.
She actually couldn't help but like the smile. "Hi," she replied, probably a little brighter than she had intended to reply.
"I noticed you over here," he began, and kind of half-giggled since obviously she was here to be noticed. He continued, "and you're by yourself and I waited a while to see if anyone was going to join you." Then he put his hands up in that "I didn't do it" gesture. "I'm here by myself too and . . . ," he seemed to stammer just slightly, "I just thought it might be fun to sit and maybe talk some and stuff." He raised his eyebrows in a question.
Of course, she was curious as to why a guy, with a bathing suit on, was at a topless beach but the answer seemed fairly obvious. If he had been on WI2 then he would have had no bathing suit and his reasons would have been a little harder to discern. She left him wondering for a while as she kind of checked him out as best she could. He sure wasn't a dashing, handsome kind of a dude, just a pleasant face. Not at all like the few guys she had dated in college and after, most of whom she had to admit had been pretty good-looking guys. Mostly she was way to busy to be bothered with guys and dating. But this one did have that wonderful smile and it was hard not to like. Plus, that little stammer told her a lot as well. If she wanted to be watched, here was someone who could watch from up close and, surprisingly she thought, he had been and still was looking her straight in the eye and hadn't dropped his gaze to her tits once. She certainly needed to change that.
It was her turn to smile back at him. "Sure, why not," she said twisting a little so that her breasts were thrust forward fairly prominently. No luck as his eyes still held hers.
"Great!" he said with a lot of enthusiasm. "Let me go grab my towel."
She watched him turn and retrace his steps. He was interesting in that there was nothing hugely interesting about him. Not that there was anything at all wrong with him. He was maybe six feet tall, not athletic or particularly muscular, just trim and, well, trim. Certainly not fat or thin but very, just, normal. Fairly quickly he was heading back with his towel and that huge grin again. He spread the towel carefully beside her, sat down and, of course, looked her straight in the eye. But she would not let that pass and decided to tease a little.
"So," she said, eyeing him with one eye partly closed, "you came over here to ask if you could join me but didn't bring your towel along."
"Yeah, so you think I was a little pessimistic then?"
"Maybe, and there's one other thing." They were eye to eye. "You haven't once, that I could see, looked at my bare tits. Take a look." She thrust her chest toward his reddening cheeks.
"Oh, I've looked," he replied quickly. "What male wouldn't?" Then he dropped his eyes. She could tell he was debating with himself. He unconsciously licked his lips. Finally decided, he said, "they're as nice as any I've seen for a long time, and that doesn't in any way serve them the justice they should have." He glanced up at her face again with that big smile. "I hope you don't get upset with me but your nipples are unbelievable."
Now she was wishing they were on WI2 so she could see if his body was reacting to what he was seeing and what he was saying. She was sure she'd like that. "Thank you," she said quietly knowing that she could easily reach up and pinch those nipples and he would really see something, but she didn't think that was quite proper at this time. She reached her hand toward him. "I'm Wilma," she said.
He met her hand with his. "Eric," he said simply and then had an odd little twist to his face.
"What?" she said, smiling at him.
"Nothing important really. It's just that you don't hear that name much these days."
"No, you don't, for sure. I was named after my great grandmother. She was the first Wilma."
"Oh, that's neat," he said, a slightly wistful look on his face.
"She, of course, was my mom's grandma and mom loved her to pieces. They spent so much time together when mom was little. She took care of her all the time when my mom was a little girl, so mom wanted to remember her and honor her too. I have no regrets about being named after her. It is an honor and a responsibility."
"Too bad you won't get to spend time with her too." He just assumed that all great grandmothers were dead.
"No, no," Wilma replied quickly. "I do. She lives in California and I see her two or three times a year. She's 94 now."
"Tell me about your family." His expression had changed and somehow, she could tell that he wasn't just making small talk but was really interested.
"I guess it's a pretty normal family. I have a brother and sister and we've always been really close. Since I moved away, we don't see each other so often but we text and Skype all the time. Same for mom and dad. I call both sets of grandparents all the time since they're not quite ready for texting and Skype but that works well too." As she was talking, she watched his expression changing. If his look had been wistful before, it was now very pensive and tinged with sadness. She was puzzled but was determined to find out. "Your turn," she said, pointing at him. "Tell me about your family."
He looked away, off into the distance for long seconds, then back at her. "Do you really want to hear?"
"Listen, I don't say things unless I mean them. Yes, I'd love to hear."
He took a deep breath and when he spoke, his voice has softened a good deal. "My birth mother got pregnant at a fraternity party. I'll say more about that later. Thank God she decided to have me. I'm sure lots of people told her not to. But she did and she wanted to keep me, to be my mother, but she wasn't able to with all the cards stacked against her. I went to foster care while she tried to get things together. I was fostered by a young couple with two kids of their own. They had decided rather than having more they'd be good citizens and become foster parents. I was their first ward."
Wilma watched his face and the changing of his expressions and she could sense the hurt and the pain that must be tearing at his insides. "You don't have to tell me if it's too hard," she said, not quite sure of what to say.
"It's good to just spit it out sometimes, you know. It happened and it is. But there is some good. That couple ended up adopting me and they've been a fantastic family - I couldn't ask for better. I might as well be their own flesh and blood the way they've loved me." Now the smile was returning. "I'm just so, so lucky for that." Just as quickly the smile was fading again. "I said I'd tell you more about my birth mom. The child welfare people and the adoption people are very private with information and it's really hard to find and get anything from them. But my adoptive mom was best friends with a lady who worked at child welfare and the friend would secret out information every so often so I've found out a few things, some of which aren't the best."
For some reason that she couldn't decipher, Wilma reached out and took Eric's hand as he shared his story. She almost wished, for just a second, that she wasn't topless as she listened.
"The child welfare people were, of course, trying to find out something about who the father was. Mom told them that she was very, very drunk but she could remember having sex with at least three guys. There were other snippets that she recalled but, being so drunk, she wasn't sure where they were other guys or just things from the first three. She guessed there might have been five guys. And she couldn't remember exactly who the guys were and there were more guys and girls having sex all over the place and the guys were drunk too and she was sure, in the dark rooms, they didn't even know who they were having sex with." Another deep breath. "That's how I was conceived. We did learn that my mother was at the college with a full academic scholarship and she had been valedictorian of her high school class. Of course, whoever the guy was, he was a junior or senior and thus, no moron. I was blessed, if you can call it that, with some intelligence and have gotten along well." She got one more very sad look. "That's not what I came over here to talk with you about so if you want me to leave, I'll sure do that."
She looked at him for long seconds, then again not sure why she did it, reached out and took hold of his chin and gave him a gentle kiss. "Does that answer your question," she said softly.
"You're something else, Wilma." He lay down on his towel on his side, head on his hand and gave her that big smile again.
"Would you like to know who your mother is?"
He shrugged. "I guess I would. I'm happy with my life as it is and that's why I'd like to know who she is. I'd just like to meet her so I could thank her for having the courage to go ahead and have me. I don't need a relationship with her at all. I've actually sent away for three DNA tests so far just on the chance I might find something. I'm not obsessed about it though. I'll be happy with whatever happens, even if it's nothing which is what I'm expecting."
There was nothing special about him that she could see visually but somehow, he was becoming very special. It wasn't easy to reveal so much of yourself so quickly. She lay down on her towel and mirrored his posture.
They lay there like that talking about everything just a little and nothing a whole lot. From this close he was a little awestruck at how pretty she was. Not gung-ho beautiful, just very, very pretty. And he did take time to stare at her breasts as she seemed to enjoy that. He did notice those nipples, that maybe they were a little larger than before and it was all he could do to keep from touching them. As for her, she was captured over and over by the smile and, almost without thinking she said suddenly, "Want to head up to WI2?"
By now he wanted nothing more than that and eagerly stood up and gathered his towel, helping her get hers as well. He loved to go to WI2 and look and today he would be looking, but the looking would be a little more personal and close-up for sure. He stepped out of the way and let her lead, watching her very nice rear end swishing from side to side, very delicious looking, even with the bikini still on. At the gate she led him through, then stopped and very carefully took the bottom of that bikini off and stowed it in her bag. Eric stepped out of his swim trunks and she held out her hand, offering to put them in the bag with her things. Silly thoughts rushed through his head as he pictured his trucks nestled again her bikini bottoms. But the reaction those thoughts were causing made him try to dismiss them from his mind. Maybe later. They discussed where to go and found a place. not secluded of course, but a little away from the crowd. He had to admit that just walking along he was enjoying the view of a couple of very pretty and very naked ladies but they were only temporary distractions. He was with one very attractive and now very naked lady as well and he was going to take advantage of that even if he wasn't quite sure now just how that was going to happen.
Wilma had just gotten a quick glimpse of Eric at the gate and she was anxious now to study him a little more carefully now that they were getting their towels situated. She finally decided what the heck and just stood and stared at him. He was putting his towel down very carefully and didn't notice. She was not surprised at what she was seeing for what had been hiding under his swim trunks wasn't at all different from the rest of him. She usually hated the word average but it kind of fit here. She realized that wasn't all bad either, in fact maybe it was kind of good.
He finished with the towel and straightened up to see her eyes on him. He slowly closed his own eyes then opened them. "Can I be honest with you?" he said innocently enough.
"Please," Was her prompt reply.
"If you keep looking at me like that, something's going to happen and I think you can guess what it might be so, I don't know."
Now it was her time to tease again. She very sensuously licked her lips, her eyes half closed. "Maybe that's what I want to happen. We're here to look and see." She followed that by slowly lowering her eyes again. She could immediately see what he was talking about as his penis was very quickly getting larger and stiffer.
"I'm gonna be the only one on this beach looking like this," he sputtered out and quickly lay down on his towel.
She lay down right beside him on her towel. "Sorry," she said softly. "I couldn't resist." She looked at his erection once more to his groan. "Nice to see I can have that effect though."
Of course, it wasn't only what she was doing that was having its effect on him. It was just looking at her, at her bare mons at her glistening body, at the light sheen of perspiration that was showing on top of the sunscreen, at those nipples that just wouldn't let go of his eyes, just at everything she was. Not at all what he had expected when he headed for Whistler's Island that morning. So, he decided he needed to talk.
"Why did you start coming out here to the island?" he asked casually.
She related the whole story of her developing exhibitionist tendencies and how the island was the best place for her to fulfil those tendencies.
"How about you?" she asked when she was through.
"Eh, I had a girlfriend and I found out she liked to show what she had and she was coming out here so I came with her and joined and have just been here ever since. I guess I don't mind showing a little but I'm more interested in looking I guess."
"Well, nothing wrong with that. What happened to the girlfriend?"
"I found out she was showing everything just about everywhere and almost all the time, and I suspected maybe more than just showing, and I decided I didn't need that so I left. I don't think she was too disappointed as she had other things to do."
"I'm not quite like that, thank goodness." She watched Eric's eyes as they spent a good bit of their time staring at her breasts and more likely her nipples, she was sure. And when he wasn't doing that, he was grinning at her with that huge grin she had grown to anticipate and like a whole lot and maybe way too much. It just seemed to be what Eric was. Now his eyes were back to the nipples. She slid her body about six inches closer to him. They talked some more. Then six inches closer. More talk and another six inches. She was sure, from as close as she was now, that he could see every detail of those nipples, every wrinkle, every nuance of color and she was sure he could see that they had grown. Maybe they could grow a little more. "Go ahead," she said very softly when there was a lull in their talking.
His eyes flipped up to hers. "Go ahead what?" he questioned and she could hear the anticipation in his words.
"Don't act so innocent," she giggled. "Touch it."
A pause. "You sure?"
"Touch it and see what happens." She knew what that would be.
Hesitantly his hand reached out, stopped an inch away, then a thumb and forefinger took hold and very gently squeezed. Then another little squeeze.
"Oh my gosh," he said.
"You better make them match," she suggested.
A quick look at her, then the other hand went into action with the same gentle squeezing and the same result.
As he squeezed, she was looking and could see his erection moving with the beating of his heart. As her mind raced, she couldn't believe that she had lain here beside this guy who she had only met an hour ago and gotten naked, shared her fetishes and now let him touch her nipples. She enjoyed being looked at for sure but somehow this had gotten to be a little different. And she was certainly feeling a little different. And she was enjoying that difference quite a bit.
Much as he was enjoying it, Eric realized that he couldn't lay there all day squeezing those wonderful nipples so he let loose and just enjoyed looking at them.
"How were they?" she said, catching him totally off guard.
His eyes lifted to her face. "You're about to kill me here," he grunted, "and they're fantastic and you know it and you're torturing me, just as much as if you were beating me with a stick." He had almost a pleading look on his face.
"Can I torture you some more?" she asked, an innocent sound to her voice.
Eric groaned. "Oh shit yes," he grunted. "I may as well die happy."
She giggled and lifted his right hand till it was right in front of his face and he had to look at it. She extended the forefinger and middle finger and tucked the other two against the palm. Very slowly and smoothly she moved the hand, tracking it down across her stomach, then her belly, then over her moms, where she paused for just a second, then curled it between her legs and into a cleft that was now very wet and slippery. She moved it around gently, then slowly raised it and started up, only now it was headed toward Eric, whose eyes were as wide as they'd ever been, she was sure. The hand approached his face. Then the two fingers were against his lips and he opened his mouth and closed his lips around those fingers and sucked hard to get all of her juices that he possible could.
He sucked hard for long seconds, then let go. She smiled. "My turn," she said and the hand moved again, this time along Eric's body, his stomach and belly, through the light brown fuzz that surrounded that throbbing cock. The two fingers moved to the head where there was a shining drop of liquid that she slid off with her finger, moved it to her mouth and sucked it off. Then she knew what she needed to say.
"Want to go to WI3?"
"Fuck yes," came the instant answer.
WI3 was for couples only. At the gate was another card reader with two slots. She slid her card into one while Eric hastily fumbled in his swim trunks for his which quickly joined hers in the reader. The green light and the clicking gate and they were in. Neither had ever been here so they weren't sure what to expect. Maybe people laying on towels and having sex. Not so they found out. There was kind of a path beaten down through the soft sand and on either side were enclosures. There were four poles and stretched between the poles on three sides were colorful and slight gauzy material with the open side opposite the path on both sides. One group faced the ocean and the other the dune. As they walked along, they could see bags or shoes or other items laying by the side of the enclosure, a clever way to let you know which ones were occupied.
They soon found an empty one, put Wilma's bag by the outside wall and took their towels inside. Neither knew exactly what was about to happen but both had thoughts and fantasies. They laid the towels down, overlapping slightly and then lay down themselves, facing each other and now very close together. Neither was quite sure how to start.
Finally, her heart pounding, Wilma said, "Want another taste?" She felt a little silly saying it but it was all she could think of at the moment. Her mind seemed to be a little confused right now.
"I'd love one," Eric replied, "and I'll get this one myself."
Her heart jumped into her throat as she watched his hand move down till it touched the mons, spread out and stayed there, moving ever so slightly, then the two fingers dipping inside of her as her hips moved to help him without her even willing it to happen. The fingers weren't leaving right away either as they gently explored. Slowly he pulled them out but stayed right there as she felt them moving up her cleft, very slowly. "He wouldn't," she thought and then, "why wouldn't he?" and then he did and her body jolted as an electric shock racked her from head to toe. She opened her eyes and he was sucking on his fingers. He was looking at her now, "He's thinking," she thought, "and he's going to do something." She didn't know what but she couldn't wait for it to happen.
He was up on his knees and moving and she knew where he was going. It certainly wasn't like she was a virgin or something but why was this so different than anything else had been. No explanation came to her but it didn't matter at all. She didn't want to think anyway. He was spreading her, and spreading her very wide. She knew he was looking and she knew what he was seeing and, right then, she wanted to be seen and she wanted even more than that. She felt his warm breath between her legs and then his tongue hit that nub that she knew was a little bigger than a nub now and that electric shock went through her again. More tongue flicking and more shocks that were tearing through her body with feelings she had never had before. It was astounding and she had totally lost control of her body. It was building and building and there was pressure inside her like she'd never felt before. His tongue was flicking away and when his lips closed on that clit and began pulling on it and the tongue was rubbing she couldn't contain it any longer and she began to jerk and she was sure she was making sounds she had never made before and louder too, but she couldn't even hear them and her body was jerking and spasming and treating her to delights that she'd never experienced.
Slowly she seemed to be returning to reality and opened her eyes to that wonderful grin. She only wanted to do one thing, to do what he had done to her and she began to move that direction but he held her down.
"That would be more than wonderful," he said, putting his finger to her lips. "MORE than wonderful," he emphasized. But I know myself and, even though it would be probably the best feeling I have ever felt, I want something else. And to be sure that happens, I'm going to stop you. . . and do that something else." He waited for her to stop him, but she didn't so he moved up until his face was above hers and she could feel something pushing against her pussy. She couldn't argue with him at all as she wanted what he wanted and she opened herself to him and felt him bumping against her, then pressing even harder until it was parting her lips and pushing inside. It was the most wonderful feeling she had ever felt as he went inside her, very slowly, but definitely there. She opened her eyes and he was there, above her and locked with her eyes as he pressed harder and slid gently inside until she felt his legs against her buttocks.
He didn't say anything, just had the most pleased look that she had ever seen as he began to move, very slowly, in and out and in and out, gaining momentum as he moved and she moved with him, lifting her hips as he moved in and backing off as he pulled out. She had wanted him in her mouth but this was so much better. She didn't know why. It was way beyond anything she had ever done before and what she was feeling was way beyond what she had felt before. She pulled his head down toward her and kissed him, her tongue pressing on his lips until he relented and let it in, biting down gently with his teeth, then surrounding her tongue with his lips and fondling it gently with his own tongue. She wanted him to cum, to fill her and to hear his groaning as he came. She opened her eyes and saw his, just inches from hers, just drinking her in. Before she even knew it, his face was against her neck and she could feel his lips working and sucking, getting ready for what was about to happen.
"You smell fantastic." She could barely hear the muffled words and knew it was the Calvin Klein's Escape at work. She reached out and pulled his face in front of her.
"Do it," she hoarsely said to that face. "Fill me up. I want to feel you cumming inside me. Now, right now." Her legs fairly jumped up around his waist and she locked her ankles behind him.
There was no way he could hold back now and, despite his wanting it to last forever, he felt his body taking control from his brain, both within himself and inside her and it was pumping out ropes and ropes of hot liquid there for what seemed both forever and way too short a time. Once more he opened his eyes and it was her turn to smile.
"Who are you?" he gasped. And when she didn't say anything, "One fantastic lady," he answered his own question.
She wasn't sure what had just happened since she knew what she expected when she left home this morning. But that wasn't what today had become. It was totally unbelievable while at the same time being totally real.
Now he was smiling at her again, and it was gripping her like it had done all day.
"You know," he said, "we haven't started out like most new people meeting start out." A puzzled look from her. "What do you do for a living?" he asked.
She smiled, watching his eyes as she thought about what to answer. A strange question for this moment, but somehow very intimate given what had just happened.
She decided to be totally honest and say what she actually did for a living.
"I'm vice president of operations at Wayland Industries," she said very directly. Startled, she had never seen a very wonderful expression change so quickly. "What's wrong?" she said.
He took a deep breath and looked away from her eyes. "Shit," was his quiet reply.
"What, what?" she asked urgently. What had happened that she didn't understand. She could almost feel his erection shrinking inside her and he wouldn't look at her. "Look at me," she exclaimed. But he didn't. He seemed to want to move away from her but her arms held him in place.
Slowly he did look at her, shaking his head. "Last Monday I started as the Manger of Industrial Engineering at Wayland Industries."
"Oh god," she said quietly, "that Eric. I saw your resume. I was out of town and back Friday and you were gone then and so I'm supposed to meet you Monday." She couldn't help but smile at him."
He was having none of her smile. "I'm in deep shit," was all he could say.
Quickly her hands were on his cheeks and she was holding his head so he was forced to look at her. He looked like he was about to die. "Listen to me," she said sternly, "and listen carefully." No change in his expression. "On Monday, Jimmy will bring you in to meet me and you will meet me for the first time as VP of Operations. We will exchange niceties and then we'll see each other again at the 10 o'clock meeting that you'll be involved in. Then, we may see each other during the rest of the week and we'll smile and say hi to each other. Here's the important part." She shook his head gently so she was sure he was listening carefully. She spoke very slowly, emphasizing each word. "Next Saturday, I will be at WI2 at the exact spot where we were today. And YOU'LL be there too. Vice president Wilma is not Saturday Wilma who you've just screwed and made feel like she's never felt before. You got that?" Her eyes bored into his relentlessly.
Again, he could hardly breathe. "Got it," he said, "even though I don't understand it at all."
She slowly rolled him off her and slid down his body. She held his very relaxed penis in her hand. She almost expected him to push her away but he didn't fight her at all and was looking at her with an incredulous expression on his face. Even though she had actually not done what she was about to do too often, and being sure it wasn't her strongest suit, she let her mouth take over and it worked on him as it had never worked before. The results were very satisfying too as, no matter what was in his mind, his cock was responding to her lips and tongue and was growing, just as she hoped it would. She could hear him breathing harder again and it inspired her to work even harder. She kept it up and soon she heard what she wanted to hear.
"Oh shit, I'm going to cum." His body arched and he was expecting her to let loose and her hand to come into play. That didn't happen and there was no way for him to stop now anyway. It had been building and now it just burst and again, he was pumping out that milky liquid only this time it was into her mouth. When his eyes opened at last, she was looking at him and she opened her mouth and stuck out her tongue which held most of what he had just shot into her mouth. She closed that mouth and when she opened it again, it was empty. She certainly had never done that before for sure and she was amazed at herself for doing it this time. At least she was sure that he would believe what she had just said to him. That was surely what she wanted, more than anything at this moment. He put his hand behind her head and pulled her to his chest. He held her tightly.
"Hell of a day," he said into her hair. Looking down at her laying against him he could see the sheen of perspiration nearly covering every inch of her body. That and the sunscreen, with the sun overhead, made her glisten like nothing he had ever seen before.
"I can hear your heart beating," she said softly.
"It's sure as hell never beat this hard before," he replied. Now he used his teeth on that little elastic band and pulled it loose, letting her hair tumble to her shoulders. He nuzzled his face against the hair, even taking some of it in his mouth. He wanted to taste everything there was about her to taste. Of course, his nose was assailed by the scent of her cologne. "What is it?" he said, pushing his face against her neck.
"Escape," was her answer.
"I'll never forget it," he said. "It and you are imbedded in my brain, and I hope I can contain myself on Monday."
"Oh, don't worry," she giggled out. "You will, and so will I. Now, let me put my pony tail back together and then we'll jump in the ocean for a while. I'm hot as hell." As she said that he saw her turn her face toward him and lick those luscious lips. He already knew she was hot as hell, and it had nothing at all to do with temperature.
Monday morning came and Eric switched off the alarm clock well before it rang - he had been awake for quite a while. Sunday had been, well, fairly awful. Actually, very awful. He had met Wilma at least a thousand times in his mind and none of those meetings seemed satisfactory as his mind wouldn't let them be. Now the time was almost here and nothing had gotten any better. He dressed carefully, digging through his underwear drawer where, underneath his boxers, he knew he had a couple pairs of "tighty-whities" which he thought might be a better choice for today, not knowing what might happen. A nice yellow dress shirt, tan khaki slacks, his casual tan shoes completed his look. Why was he concerned about shoes - that was the least of his worries right now. He was even fretting about whether or not he should be worried. He was going in circles that never ended. He stood in the kitchen for long minutes but decided there was no way his stomach would accept any food. Nothing to do but head to work.
He did go by a Tim Horton's drive through window for some coffee since he had left long before he usually did, if five days could be called usual. He thought he probably should stop at Eddie's Corner Bar for a double, or maybe a double-double rather than the coffee. He was a mess, despite Wilma's assuring him that all would be fine and there was no problem. She didn't seem upset or worried at all. But it wasn't Wilma who had screwed her boss's boss . . . twice. At last there it was, right in front of him, Wayland Industries. As he pulled toward his assigned parking spot, he noticed a brand-new sign with his name on it, bright and clear. He wondered if it would still be there tomorrow.
At last at his desk, he plopped down in his chair. Another dozen times being introduced to Wilma when he was aware of someone standing in front of him.
"Great, you're here. Jump up and come with me to meet Wilma. She's here and anxious to meet you." A big smile from Jimmy. "Listen, let me give you a little info about her before we go. She's a good looker but don't let that fool you. And she looks younger than you'd expect for a VP. That's because she is young. But she has a bachelor's of IE from Stanford and an MBA from Harvard. She is one . . . sharp . . . cookie, fair, but she knows what the hell she's doing. So, let's go." Jimmy led him away and Eric couldn't help but think about what he'd said. She did look young, maybe in her 20's or maybe in her 30's, it was hard to tell. Despite him fighting it, a picture of her standing there completely naked flashed through his head. That sure didn't help determine her age. And it sure didn't help with the pressure he felt in the "tighty- whities" either. That happened each time the picture flashed through his mind.
Too quickly they were at her office and he noted the secretary's desk was vacant. Jimmy just ignored that and knocked on the doorframe of the big office.
"Got a minute, Wilma?"
"Come in, come in," came the quick reply and he could hear a chair rolling on one of those plastic carpet protectors.
And there she was, black skirt to just above her knees, bright red blouse mostly covered by the very proper black business jacket. Just as pretty as the face he had pictured those thousand times in his mind, and she was heading right for him, a huge smile on her face. Eric was afraid he might be having a stroke. Her hand came toward him and he automatically responded.
"You have to be Eric," she exclaimed, vigorously pumping his hand, the same hand that had held his cock, that had dipped into her pussy and brought her juices to his mouth. He nearly groaned aloud.
"So good to meet you . . . ," he managed to get out, sounding fairly normal, but he paused at her name.
"I'm just plain old Wilma so call me that," she rescued him, her smile broadening, even more so than he thought was necessary. Was she toying with him again? She still had hold of his hand, a little too long perhaps, but then she let go. "Looking forward to working with you too," she added. "I have to apologize but I'm pretty well tied up this morning so I can't get to know you a little better, as Jimmy knows I like to do, but I'll catch you later. I do like to know who I'm working with." A quick lick to her upper lip. A little jolt but Eric was feeling so much better already and he began to appreciate what Jimmy had said about her being very sharp. She was helping him to relax and feel more comfortable, even if it was sexual suggestiveness that was doing it.
She stuck out her hand again. "See you at ten o'clock," she said, still smiling, and as he took her hand to shake it, there were only two fingers there - those special two for sure. He shook them, and rather than just letting go, he let them slide through his hand. Just a very small change in her eyes but he knew he had gotten to her, if only just a little.
"See you then." He and Jimmy retreated from the office.
The ten o'clock meeting was uneventful except that they sat at a round table. Eric took his seat and the rest filed in until there was only one seat left for Wilma, which was right beside Eric of course. She came through the door, moving fast and apologizing for being late. He glanced at the clock on the wall. It was about 30 seconds past 10 o'clock. He made a note that she obviously valued punctuality and, his mind jumped quickly to next Saturday when he was to meet her on WH2 at 10 o'clock where, and he couldn't stop himself, she'd be naked. She was just sitting down next to him and he couldn't look because he was sure her clothing wouldn't be there. Add to that the fact that the breeze from her sitting down had enveloped him in the gentle aroma of that cologne he had first really noticed when his face was buried against her neck and he was sucking there. Silly as it seemed, that had been the left side of her neck and now he was sitting to her right. It helped a little that what he was looking at was not where he'd been. He decided that he was really pathetic and vowed to improve.
Thank goodness he was just a listener today and she did most of the talking so he could just sit and watch her, study her, devour her from fairly close range. He couldn't believe that she had actually gotten better looking in just two days. By the time the hour was up he could have painted her portrait, knowing intimately each strand of hair, each pore in her face, each twinkle he saw in her eyes, even the very slight misalignment of one of her teeth. As the meeting ended, she smiled at him and spoke politely and they separated. This was only Monday but Saturday couldn't be too far away.
Eric was actually enjoying the new job. He was learning and staying late in the evenings trying to get a little ahead of things and it was working. On Thursday he had gotten a message that Wilma had five minutes available and she wanted to meet with him for their "get acquainted" time that she had with all of the new employees that fell under her domain. Surprisingly he had not been nervous and even survived the smell of her cologne which was a very faint aroma, but nearly overwhelming to him, not surprisingly. They chatted briefly and he gave her his best big smile which she returned. No mention about Saturday verbally but she did look at the large calendar she used as a desk mat and tapped her finger on this Saturday's date and smiled again. It was all he needed though and when she put her hand forward to shake as he was ready to leave, he brazenly ignored it and put two fingers in his mouth and drew them out slowly, then shook her hand. A little nod of the head from her acknowledging that was one point for him and he was quickly back to his own desk and working away again. He was still quite a few points behind but who knows what might happen.
Eric had been doing a lot of thinking during the week, almost all after he had gotten home from work. It was very dangerous and he wondered if he had inherited his penchant for overthinking things from his birth mother. He decided she had not done much good thinking when she had gotten so drunk at the fraternity party, then chastised himself as he realized that he didn't know her at all and had no right to judge her about lots of things. But this thing with Wilma. He had a predilection for always trying to look ahead and have a clear map in his head of where things were going. He was having a lot of trouble doing that now.
She was his boss, actually his boss's boss, and where did that leave him. He wanted to call her up, ask her out on a date, take her to a restaurant where 90% of the males would be envious of him. He wanted those normal things and somehow, he couldn't picture them happening. He hadn't read all of the Wayland Industries handbook yet but he was sure there was something in there about underlings dating upperlings, and she was sure one of those. Then there were those mornings when he looked in the mirror and thought that, after the males at the restaurant were envious, they would quickly say, "what the hell is she doing with that guy?" And that thought was repeated in his brain, over and over. It seemed that every time he remembered what had happened and the feelings that she created, both physically and mentally, they always ended with that thought. "What the hell is she doing with that guy?" He was trying to deal with the trash heap his mind had become and wasn't having a lot of success.
Saturday finally arrived and he was up early, showered and getting dressed if pulling on some swimming trunks could be called getting dressed. At last he decided to leave and the hour-long drive to the island was nauseatingly tedious, with his mind attacking him mercilessly. She wouldn't be there at all. She'd be there but only to tell him this was foolish and she wouldn't be coming back again. She'd be there and torment him fiendishly, then leave him a beaten and frustrated hulk. Thank goodness he finally pulled into the parking lot before he decided to race his car into a light pole to end the anguish.
He stuffed his wallet into one pocket of his trunks and the electronic key thingy into the other, throwing his towel over his shoulder. At the gate he swiped his card and went inside only to have a gorgeous, topless redhead who was not watching what she was doing plow head on into him, her enormous boobs nearly knocking him off his feet. She apologized with a face nearly as red as her hair as he took one long last look before moving on. Maybe this was an omen that today would be okay after all. Feeble, but it was the best he could do.
He was 15 minutes early so he stopped by the concession stand and optimistically bought two bottles of water, then headed to the WI2 gate. There he slipped his trunks off and went in, moving to where they had settled in last week. Fortunately, it was vacant. He spread his towel, sat down and waited with bated breath. He opened one bottle of water to take a drink and as he raised it to his mouth and was drinking, there she was. At work she was, as Jimmy had said, very attractive. Here, walking toward him naked, she was totally breathtaking.
"Oh god, I'm so thirsty," she said, taking the bottle right from his mouth and putting it to hers. As he watched her drink, his whole body relaxed. After a long swallow she exclaimed, "Good!" She was looking at him, from head to toe. "Almost as good as YOU look right now," she added. He could feel the erection beginning and she could see it. "Bad boy," she quipped as she sat down beside him on his towel, her body rubbing against his. "I wouldn't have you any other way." He turned his body sideways so it wouldn't be so obvious to anyone passing by. She kissed him on the cheek. "You notice I didn't spread my towel, or anything else yet?" Now he was having thoughts that he hadn't had all week and he could feel the low burn beginning in his body. "Let's just head on to WI3. More private," she added, quickly reaching over and lightly tapping his erection.
He jumped up and reached for her arm, missing it and, of course, bumping her right nipple. She looked at him and then down at herself. "They don't match now," she murmured. So, he bumped the other one to her broad smile. "You know how to take care of me don't you." He picked up his towel, draping it carefully over his arm so it pretty well hid his privates and tossed his bathing trunks on his shoulder. She carefully wound her fingers through his and they headed for WI3.
Cards were swiped and they were inside and it was obvious that she was intent on being on the ocean side this time. She picked the enclosure, sat her bag by the outside wall and went inside with her towel, pulling him along with her.
"Someone might see us," he suggested, gesturing to the wide-open space in front of them leading down to the ocean.
"That's why we're on Whistler's Island, to see and be seen," she answered, punching him in the ribs.
Very quickly it looked like that was going to happen as a pair were coming out of the ocean and looked like they were heading right for them. And that's exactly where they were headed.
"We're just a couple of shelters down," the slightly older man said, gesturing to his right. "Care to join us."
Eric felt her arm go around his waist. "Thanks," she said, smiling at the man, "but I think we'll just hang out here and have our own fun."
Now it was the woman's turn. "By all means," she said, smiling broadly. "That's why we're here isn't it?"
Wilma just smiled in return as the couple went off their own way. Eric felt a pat on his butt. They spread towels and lay down, both on their backs and just watching the puffy clouds drifting lazily in the gentle morning breeze.
"Not quite as hot today," she said, starting the conversation.
"We'll have to see about that," he replied, grinning.
Wilma rolled on her side toward him and began playing with the short and very light-colored hair on his chest. It was so very relaxing just to be here and they chatted aimlessly for many minutes. Wilma took a deep breath, a more serious look on her face. Eric saw it and wondered - it was his nature to wonder.
"I've always considered myself a pretty good judge of people," she began. "I just seem to have a knack or whatever you want to call it for reading people pretty well."
"That's probably a big factor in why you're where you are. I'm not sure I'm any good at that at all."
"No false modesty from me - I think you're right in what you said. Right about both things." She saw him shrug and smile. She took another deep breath. "I've got something I want to do, just for fun. I guess it's just a thing of mine, yanno. And you need to help me. You game for it.?"
If it involved Wilma, he was game for just about anything. "Sure," he answered, rolling on his side to face her.
"Ever do any role playing?"
He wondered where that came from but wasn't about to stop now. "Don't think so, really. Why?"
"We're going to try it here. I'm just curious what might happen."
He winked. "I'm ready I guess."
She went outside and he could hear her rummaging in that magic bag she had that seemed to have a little of everything inside. She returned with something small and black in her hand, some kind of cloth or something as best he could make out. She handed it to him and he could quickly see what it was, one of those little blindfold things that they give you at good hotels so you can block out the light. He gave her a puzzled look.
"Put it on," she said simply
"Ohhh," he said, giving her an evil smile.
"Calm down, tiger," she quipped back, laughing. "Just put it on." Which he did.
When he had it settled securely in place, she began. "Can't see?"
"Not a thing."
"That's good, because you're blind. You were in a terrible accident when you were 17 and have been blind ever since. You don't know me at all, and you're just sitting around killing time and waiting for who knows what."
He wondered where this was going but was willing to dive in head first if that's what she wanted. "Okay," was his simple reply. He waited, but there was nothing. He waited some more but there was just silence, and blackness.
"Hi," she said brightly, surprising him.
"Hi," he responded. "Who's there?"
"Lisa, and who are you?"
"I'm Eric," he said, not sure what he was supposed to reply.
"Are you here by yourself?"
"I am indeed." He was beginning to think and wanted to be . . . well, normal. "Want to sit here and talk with me for a while?"
"Really? I've love to if that's all right with you." He could feel her presence next to him, could feel her warmth even on a day like today. "Have you been blind all your life?"
"No, it was an accident when I was 17."
"Is it too painful to talk about?"
"No, I don't mind." And Eric proceeded to create a long story about the accident and the aftereffects and how he had to deal with being blind. Wilma sympathized with him as he spoke, touched his hand often and even rubbed his shoulder at one particularly sad part.
"But you seem to be doing okay now," she finally said.
"I get along, but it's not easy." He waited but there was no reply. He waited some more and was getting totally puzzled and actually wondered if she had slipped away for a minute. Suddenly he felt Her hand on his chest, pushing him down. He didn't fight it. She rubbed his chest and his belly. He could feel her warm breath against his face and felt her lips on his. He could hear her making little humming sounds, very sensuous sounds and the odor of her cologne was surrounding him. He reached to put his arm around her, but she pushed it away so he let it just lay on the sand. Now it was his turn to take a deep breath as he could feel her hand sliding across his belly, then lower. He was sure his erection was standing as tall as it could and wished he could see what she was going to do.
The hand left his belly and closed immediately on his erection. He wanted to tear the blindfold off and begin ravaging her but knew that would spoil everything. Somehow, he sensed this was serious. She was holding him tight now, and slowly and gently stroking.
"IS that good?" He heard a whisper by his ear. He could only grunt. "Tell me, I need to know."
"Oh hell yes," he gasped out. But then it stopped and he sensed movement. And almost at the same time he felt her mouth closing on him, her lips sliding up and down, her tongue working on the underside and he thought that his body might just burn to a crisp. He wanted it to go on forever, that feeling, those lips, but then they stopped too. He wanted to tell her to start again and don't stop, just to keep going. Yet even with his libido racing nearly out of control, he couldn't help but wonder what was coming next.
He felt her bump his hip, and could sense her leg swinging over his body and quickly, her weight was on his chest.
"How ya doing?" she asked softly, kissing his cheek.
"I may die here but I'll die the happiest man in the world."
"Oh, you can't die now. Lisa's not nearly through with you yet."
"I hope you're never through with me," he garbled out between gasps of breathing.
"We'll see."
She was nibbling on his ear lobe, blowing in his ear, gently using her teeth on his neck, all the while moving her body so that her squished boobs were still rubbing against his chest. He could feel her legs bumping against his and wanted to reach around and squeeze that wonderful ass. She moved just slightly and his leg was now between hers and she began rubbing her wetness back and forth against that leg and he was doing everything he could to help her.
"Your little cowgirl is just about ready to mount." He knew what that meant for sure and he was getting dizzy just trying to suck in enough air to stay conscious - he certainly wanted to be conscious for what he knew was coming. Slowly her weight lifted off his chest and he felt her legs move up and rest outside his hips. She had to be straddling him and he could hardly stand not being able to do something. She was doing something, however and he realized that he could feel his cock rubbing against her butt cheeks. Her weight lifted again, he felt a hand and for a second he felt himself bumping against something, then almost instantly sliding into a very hot and very slippery place of wonder and ecstasy.
"How's that?" a sultry voice asked.
"Heaven," he grunted out.
"Can you say, giddy up?"
"Please," was all he could manage.
"Close enough," came a throaty reply and her hips began to move, up and down, around in a small circle, then side to side. He could hear the slurpy sound of him going in and out of her and the gentle slapping as she bottomed against him. He felt her taking hold of his hands, locking her fingers with his, then pushing them up over his head which allowed one of those nipples to rub against his lips. Quickly he had it, his tongue caressing it, his mouth relentlessly pulling it out until he felt it release with a popping sound. To his relief, the other one took its place with the same result. In his totally overwhelming sexual stupor, he could hear her voice.
"You liked that, didn't you? You love to suck on those nipples. Even more you love what I'm doing to you and you want me to keep it up. I may only have a short time left so you better hurry and cum for me. Can you do that? I think you can. Would it help if I was kissing you?" He could only nod as he felt her partly open mouth touch his and her tongue slipped past his lips that instantly closed on it and his teeth gently closed on it as well to a very little squeal from her. But he wasn't letting loose except that he could feel that he was losing control of his body. The feeling was growing inside of him and he knew it was going to get out, it had to get out and he let go of her tongue with a loud groan and he could feel his cock jerking and squirting hot liquid inside of. . . Lisa. It went for long, very long seconds and he opened his eyes, only he still couldn't see.
But he wanted more, and the more was to take care of Wilma, or Lisa, whichever it was so he began to move but she held him down.
"We'll get to that. I won't let you go without that for sure." You can take the blindfold off though. He had to squint in the bright light that his eyes weren't used to yet, but he could still see her sitting astride him, his erection still inside her. But, to his chagrin, she gently lifted herself off and lay down beside him. Instinctively he rolled onto his side so he could face her, and see her finally.
"So," she began, "tell me about it."
A little flummoxed, he said, "Where do I begin?"
"Right where we started."
Eric didn't say anything right away as he went back to her saying hi to him. It was role playing and he had played his role, a wonderful role as it had ended, but he realized she wanted him to actually put himself in the place of the blind guy. He thought carefully for a minute and she was smiling since that's exactly what she wanted and, in his face, she could see that it was happening.
"You sounded nice when you said, hi. I liked the sound of your voice. I wondered what you were like since I couldn't see you and all you'd said was hi. Then we talked for a while and I got a pretty good picture of what you were like, kind of concerned and caring. I think I grew to like you and what I was hearing. You seemed interested in me and I wanted to find out more about you."
"Good," she said. "Anything else?"
There was a lot else. His breathing was finally returning to normal, even as he hoped it might race away again a little later. He'd get to that he was sure. "I enjoyed you, and the longer we talked, the nicer you seemed."
Now she smiled. "Go on."
"Then you started touching me, and it was fantastic. And then you touched some more and I couldn't believe how I was feeling. And, then, you know what happened." His eyes held hers. "You were fantastic, and I think you know that. When you were whispering to me and saying those things, I thought I might just totally disintegrate. You were wonderful."
"What was missing?"
"Shit, there was nothing missing. You were all there."
"I was Lisa, and what was missing?"
He stopped and pondered as he stared at her one raised eyebrow. Then he knew what was missing; her face was missing, and as it sank into his brain, he realized what she had done. His eyes widened and he saw her breathe a huge sigh. He opened his arms and she sank into them, her head on his shoulder. It was a warm and wonderful hug that had nothing to do with sex or being naked. It lasted a couple of very secure and wonderful minutes.
"Did that matter?" she asked gently, knowing what he had figured out.
"No," he said simply. "Not a bit."
But they were naked and Eric was not through. He looked her in the eye. "Now I'm giving the orders." Her eyes went wide. He lay down on his back and beckoned to her with his finger. "Back where you were," he said. Smiling again, she stepped across his body and sat down as she had been.
"What now sir?"
He beckoned with his finger and she saw what he was doing. She rose up on her knees that were straddling his body and shuffled forward until she was at his face. She was looking down at him. His hands on her butt cheeks urged her forward. She moved just a little and felt his breath on her bare labia. His tongue could now go to work and it did, probing inside her then working on her clit. Her eyes were still locked on his and, despite the break in all this activity she could feel the heat rising within her very quickly. Her hands went to his head and she rocked back and forth, helping his tongue do its work. He didn't need much help now as he was looking up along that body, at those breasts and the nipples reaching for the sky, into those heavy-lidded eyes looking back at him and he was loving every second of what was happening. He could see those eyes closing even more and was waiting for what he knew was about to happen. Suddenly, he could feel it and hear it as she gasped and jerked and seemed to be vibrating and was forcing his face against her. He thought he could stay there and hear that and feel that forever. Too soon she was through and she slid off and collapsed against him.
"Are you Lisa or Wilma," he asked, kissing her forehead.
"I am," she said softly.
They took another swim in the ocean, playing and laughing, dunking each other, tickling, grabbing and whatever else gripped their imaginations. They came back to the enclosure hand and hand, and sat down to just enjoy the day. Of course, it wasn't long till they were again enjoying each other.
Laying side by side, Wilma looked at Eric with a very serious look that, even though all that had happened today, made him just a touch nervous.
"I know that look," she suggested, "and you need to get rid of it." He smiled and nodded. "Have you read all of the Wayland Industries handbook?" A little laugh and a shaking of his head. "What we are doing is not technically against the handbook, but pretty close. So, I have a way to fix it if you'd like." Now his eyes were wide and he was very interested. "It's not illegal nor immoral, just a little different I guess you could say."
Now he was really interested. "What the hell are you talking about?" was all he could say.
"Do you know Steve Friedman?"
"I don't think so." He paused for a second. "Wait, is that the guy from Friedman Associates."
"Yes, so you do know who he is."
"Kind of. Do you know him?
"He's a good friend. We've worked together on charity projects and gotten to know each other pretty well. Sometimes we call each other about problems and make suggestions to each other. He called me the other day. He's looking for an industrial engineering supervisor and wondered if I had any suggestions. He told me what they'd pay and I checked your HR file. He's paying about 20% more than we're paying."
Eric's brain was racing, putting things together and realizing what she was saying. "So, what did you tell him, if anything?"
"I told him I might know of someone who would be a great addition to his staff."
"Is that me?"
"It is for sure. If you give Jimmy your two-week notice, even after only one week on the job, but show him that you have an offer for a 20% increase in salary, despite it being a little shady maybe, there's not much he can say since there's no way we can match that. Plus, Friedman is growing so fast it's really amazing. A truly fantastic opportunity. And you'd be getting in fairly early in that growth with a huge chance to grow right along with it." She smiled at him now. "I had HR check with the guy who was right behind you when we hired you . . . and he's still available. That was a little touchy but he did it."
"So, give me the whole plan that you've put together." It was all sounding too good to be true, but he hoped it wasn't.
"You turn in your notice to Jimmy. He goes to HR and they hire this other guy. He comes in and you help Jimmy get him oriented. On Friday of that first week, as he always does, Jimmy will tell you that everything is in order so you don't need to come in for the second week. So," and now she gave him a special look, "on that Friday night you'll go home, shower, dress very nicely and then pick me up at exactly 7 o'clock and take me, on our very first date, to a very fine restaurant that you've selected. We'll eat and talk and afterward, well, that's up to you, and to me, I guess. But I know what I'd like and now that I know you a little better, I think I know what you'd like."
He sure did know and he also knew that he'd never imagined that Whistler's Island was such an amazing and magical place.
Since, the Saturday was still young, they put on what clothes they had, went to WI1 for a quick lunch, then back to WI3 for another swim and . . . well, you can guess I think.