I walked out of the bedroom, slowly and provocatively. My taloned hands on my narrow waist as I handed my iPhone to my husband.
"Take a few pics so I can send them to the guys!" I giggled looking my husband James directly in the eye. James took the phone and gave me a smile, more of a smirk than a smile.
I was standing on the landing outside of our bedroom, wearing a skintight black mini dress with slits cut all the way up the left side of the dress. I'd foregone wearing any underwear as the slits were quite wide in parts and underwear would have spoiled the effect. My bare hips and waist were clearly visible, evidently revealing my lack of underwear along with a substantial amount of side boob. My large firm 34DD breasts were contained within the dress, just, but a lavish amount of naked side boob was prevalent in view. My long bare tanned legs were slightly parted as I perched on my six inch black stilettos. I moved my hands up toward my large breasts and pulled the front of my skin-tight dress down slightly, so that a small portion of my erect nipples would be in the shot. James smiled as I shimmied slightly, my firm breasts moving within the confines of the tight garment. I smiled seductively at the camera, arching my back just enough to push my large breasts forward and stick my toned ass outward. The flash went off on the iPhone as James began to capture images of his slut wife, which would then be sent to her two pic swap friends.
I parted my legs a little further, allowing the tight mini dress to ride up my thighs, barely covering my smooth shaved pussy. James climbed down two of the stairs and took a string of pics where my partially exposed nipples were dominant in the frame and the dress was stretched across my hips with the merest hint of shaved slit in the photograph. I placed my taloned hands underneath my large breasts and cupped them, staring into the camera lens. My tongue glided across my painted lips, making my pouted lips all shiny and seductive. James rattled off a few more pics, then handed my iPhone back me.
I clicked on the photographs and reviewed James' handiwork.
My waist looked absolutely tiny with my large firm breasts thrusting forward. The tanned bare skin of my body captured masterfully in the slits and openings running up the left hand side of the dress. My parted legs stretching the material of the dress, my shaved pussy almost revealed to the camera was an erotic masterpiece of photography. I could feel my pussy tingling with excitement as I began to send the pics to my two guys.
Both guys had fucked me in the past in full view of my approving husband and once or twice he has no knowledge of. I would wear something similar as I was wearing that night to fuck the guys when James was present, but on our solo expeditions I would opt for something nasty and kinkier, especially with Neil has he had a vivid and wicked imagination.
I sent my first pic message to Sean who was currently overseas. I sent my next pic message to Neil who was no more than ten minutes away from where I was standing.
I'd typed "Do you like what you see!" below the pics, waiting for a response from the guys.
I looked at the time on my phone and realised that Sean would not be responding as the time zone he was currently in was about eight hours in front.
James handed me a chilled glass of white wine as I climbed on our high backed bar stool. My legs were open as I moved comfortably into the seat, then seductively I crossed my long tanned legs, watching James stare at me as though it was the first time he had seen me.
Placing the glass on our bar counter, I felt the vibration of my phone, notifying me that a text response had arrived. Clicking the phone open, I smiled contentedly that Neil had replied.
"Fucking awesome!" was Neils response.
I smiled a wicked smile as I typed.
"Glad you like it. I do like to show you my flesh..." I pressed send and smiled at James.
"I think I may be getting some cock to play with!" I grinned at my smiling husband. His eyes widening with delight, as he envisaged that his voyeuristic tendencies would satisfied this evening. I showed the text to James who nodded approvingly.
"This body could be all yours tonight X!" I texted, smiling as the text wafted off in to the ether.
I smirked at James, contented that my body excited Neil.
"I feel like I could be a really nasty Slut this evening!" I smiled at James, raising my wine glass to my moist lips.
James adjusted the growing erection in his trousers and grinned a salacious grin.
"You won't be joining in but I will let you watch Neil and I fuck the first time. Then I'm afraid it's off to the spare room for you as Neil and I will be putting our marital bed through some seriously unfaithful fucking!" I giggled, knowing I was teasing and tormenting James.
"I'm sure you'll be able to hear me as Neil fucks all of my holes!" I smirked "I may even pop into the spare room to let you see just how much spunk he will have blasted inside me and on me!"
I casually sipped my wine as my phone vibrated with Neil's response.
"Babe I'll be over in ten minutes!" he replied "Will James be taking part?" he enquired.
"He will only be viewing and tonight I want all of my holes fucked bareback!" I typed watching James' face recoil in horror.
James was unaware that Neil had a vasectomy, but the notion of teasing James that I may get pregnant from another cock was terribly arousing.
I looked at James with a sarcastic smile emblazoned across my face.
"Don't worry. Where he'll be spunking there won't be any chance of me getting pregnant!" I assured James "Unless I get too carried away!" I finished, relishing in James' discomfort.
My phone vibrated once more. Picking up the iPhone I looked at the message.
"Fucking you bareback! You dirty cheating slut!" Was Neil's glorious reply.
I showed the text to James who's face flushed as his Adams apple bobbed up and down his throat, as he swallowed harshly.
I physically squirmed on the barstool my level of arousal was so high. I was only minutes away from having Neil's cock in my hands, then my mouth, then my cunt and asshole. My pussy was tingling excitedly as the butterflies in my stomach began fluttering excessively.
James was aroused beyond belief, waiting for his friend to arrive and fuck his cheating slut wife.
The bareback comment had simultaneously scared him, aroused him and possibly instigated a jealous pang. For whatever reason, it aroused me, exciting me in a strange empowering way.
My pussy was tingling and bubbling, causing my breathing to quicken slightly. My large firm breasts began to heave as my breathing became prominent. I was desperate to feel Neil's cock sliding inside me as my husband looks on helplessly.
"I wish he'd hurry up!" I said almost panting "I really need to feel his cock inside me!" I said with a slight tremble in my voice.
James looked into my eyes as the arousal ensured my pupils dilated. James own eyes seemed to glaze over in pure lust, as he eagerly anticipated watching his hot slut wife draining the cock of another man. His right hand reached out and delicately stroked my erect left nipple. My nipple was almost bursting out of my dress, stretching the skin-tight material as his fingers enticed my erect burning nipple. I smiled a saucy smile as James swallowed harshly, staring at his fingers exciting my aching breast. I was literally seconds away from orgasm, so high was my state of arousal. I looked directly into James eyes and parted my legs, revealing my shaved smooth slit to my husband. James looked at my inviting pussy, smiling salaciously, playing with my erect nipple.
I moved my pussy forward off the barstool, encouraging James to stroke my hungry cunt. His gentle fingers tantalizing the smooth flesh of my excited pussy. I opened my legs wider to accommodate his teasing fingers when the doorbell interrupted any further stimulation.
James smiled at me with a very pleased look stretched across his flushed face.
"Do you want to get that or shall I?" He smiled.
"I'll go!" I stated "He can finger my cunt as we walk up the stairs!" I giggled, knowing James would approve of my verbal naughtiness.
James whispered "You dirty slut!" under his breath which strangely aroused me. I climbed off the stool, leaving the hem of my skin-tight dress above my shaved pussy and made my way downstairs, tottering on my high heels to answer the door. I turned the latch, opening the door slowly, ensuring my skin-tight dressed body was the focal point in the door frame. My huge tits thrusting forward, with my shaved slit visible, wearing the raunchiest smile I could muster. Neil's eyes drank in the vision before him, smacking his lips with languid delight. He stepped into the hallway, his left leg placed between my slightly parted legs. His right hand slid over my excited shaved mound, sliding across the smooth excited flesh, sending ripples of sexual pleasure through my pussy. His left foot closed the door as his devilish tongue slithered between my lip-sticked lips. I rocked my hips slightly, allowing my pussy opening to rest on the fingertips of Neil's hand. True to form, Neil's fingertips slid between my labia, exploring the wet folds of sexual flesh and slid inside my hot wet cunt. I moaned into Neil's mouth as his fingertips tantalized and pleasured me.
"I love you touching my cunt!" I purred, the tip of my tongue slithering in and around Neil's earlobe.
"Finger blast me and make me squirt like a slut!" I said through clenched teeth.
I leant against the staircase, my legs spreadeagled as Neil pushed his middle finger deep inside my pussy. His knuckles were firmly pressed against my clitoris as he hooked his finger tip to the front spongy wall of my pussy. His fingertip began to oscillate with great speed, causing my eyes to open wide. My breathing became more shallow and frequent as the sensational feelings flowed through my pussy. The distinctive squelching sound was evidence enough that a squirting orgasm was imminent.
I threw my head back, with my eyes half closed with lustful pleasure. I could see James at the top of the stairs, holding his drink and grinning happily as he watched his wife being brought to orgasm expertly at the hands of another man. I spread my legs as wide as possible, raising my ass off the stairs as a gush of female ejaculate burst from pussy. Neil grinned proudly, delighted at his efforts, as he continued to press his finger on my Gspot with rapid speed. I could audibly hear James groaning with delight at the slut performance his wife was delivering.
"I need your cock and spunk!" I screamed as the gushing ejaculate sprayed all over Neils hand.
Neil had unzipped his erect cock, holding his throbbing gnarled vein cock at the base, he edged forward and snarled.
"Suck my cock and show your husband how much of a cheating fuck slut you are!"
James groaned even louder as I throatily expressed a sensual moan.
Neil placed the tip of his cock at my bottom lip as I began to gently kiss and nibble his beautiful manhood. My tongue wriggled on the underside of his shaft as I looked him directly in the eye, with a half closed lusty look. My tongue slithered snake like along his shaft as Neil loudly groaned.
"What a fucking slut your wife is!" As I took the full length of his hard cock inside my mouth.
My long taloned nails, gently scraped the flesh of his full testicles, causing him to groan even deeper at the pleasure I was providing.
"Fuck her on the stairs!" James grinned as looked on leeringly.
I groaned my approval with a mouthful of cock.
Neil removed his cock from my mouth, positioning himself between my wide open legs. My pussy opening was pulsating with excitement as the head of his cock slid between my labia and inched its way inside my love tunnel. The first moment of penetration is always exciting, but there is something extra special when Neil slides his beautiful cock inside my hungry cunt, even more so when I know my husband is watching as I cheat with another guy.
I wrapped my long tanned legs around Neils waist, pulling his body closer to mine as our lips locked passionately. Our tongues slithered all over each other's, something I know arouses James immensely, to see his wife being fucked as she tongue kisses her lover like the wanton slut that she is. Neil slipped his greasy cock in and out of my tight slut pussy, stretching my hole with every driving thrust.
Neil pulled my skin-tight dress down at my chest, revealing my huge breasts and painfully erect nipples. His hands cupped my large breasts as he began to gently squeeze my ample firm flesh and caress my diamond hard nipples. With my tongue still in his mouth, I felt a huge orgasm sweep through my entire being. My moans of ecstasy vibrated in the cavity of his mouth.
I opened my eyes to find James standing above us, his right arm extended as he took photographs of Neil fucking me.
We were still on the stairs as Neil drove his cock into me, pleasuring me incessantly as my husband looked on grinning.
"Fuck me Neil!" I groaned "Make me your slut" I panted as James walked down a couple of steps to witness Neils impressive cock sliding in and out of my cunt furiously.
"Where do you want my spunk?" Neil questioned through gritted teeth.
"Come in my mouth and James can lick my pussy!" I panted excitedly.
Neil withdrew his cock and moved up a step, placing his wet hard cock at my bottom lip. I hungrily sucked the dome of his cock into my mouth as James tongue wriggled into my shaven groove. Neils cock exploded a copious amount of thick spicy spunk straight into my open mouth as James pushed his tongue as deep inside my cunt as was possible. My orgasm burst through as I began to swallow every spurting drop of Neils spunk.
As Neil's cock began to deflate, I lovingly kissed and nibbled his delightful weapon as James continued to pleasure my just fucked pussy. It aroused me to know that my husband was tasting my orgasm and the pre cum left behind from Neils cock. A taste I know James enjoys.
Neil knelt on the stairs, his semi erect cock resting on my cheek.
"Well, James, you can say goodnight to your slut wife's cunt as I'm going to take her into your bed and fuck every hole she has!" Neil said authoritatively "And she can tell you all about it in the morning while she rides my cock and you listen to her getting more spunk inside her! Should make for a delicious breakfast for you!"