I just can't stop myself. Lately all I can think about is exposing myself to girls in public. It doesn't matter where I go all it takes is seeing a girl I think is hot and I'm whipping my dick out and stroking it. What's sad is I could just be normal and most likely I'd get any of them to go out with me. I'm not ugly, not some nerd, not skinny because I do like working out, I'm if anything just shy of commitment. I notice girls checking me out just as much as I do them. I just find it more fun to tease and taunt, some cases they do the same to me. My point is, I prefer reeling them in my way with the right bait, fishing pole in hand.
When I hit the gym I go shirtless right off, lifting weights or doing cardio. I don't have a six pack mind you but my build is getting there. I work outdoors in the sun so I'm pretty tanned, I do tan nude at home when I can get away with it to avoid the tan lines. It gives me an exotic look to women if they don't see a lily white cock. Yeah, I show him off any chance I can. Like I said that's my problem, I love masturbating in public for women. You may think I'm a sicko but that's your opinion. If you had a dick my size you might be proud of it too. High nine and living the dream. I've been told I should even be a male stripper, that has merit I wouldn't get arrested for indecent exposure if I went that route. Maybe someday. Not today.
Not only do I go shirtless, I wear loose trunks so my dick can breathe, with my dick as big as it is it's pretty hard to hide. I get off knowing girls are staring, wondering, even trying their best to work out near me. I usually keep to myself and let them do the flirting. I seldom ignore their roving eyes and adjust my junk right in plain sight, acting as if I don't know how close of attention they're paying to me.
This is just one of those crazy days...oh, my name is Del.
I frequent a certain gym toward late night, because it's quieter than during the day. Being near a college girls dormitory I know the students come here a lot. Not every time is it full of girls but some nights more than usual. By going here often I think word gets out about me because I do notice more and more girls are joining. Guys sadly cannot be helped. They want girls as much as I do. My thinking is I get the girls primed and the guys get the payoff. I really should start getting laid more often. Right now I just prefer the fantasy I give them.
Recalling one particular night around 11:00 PM I showed up and discovered it to be 80% girls. The rest being guys kept their interest until I showed up. I knew they were there for me because every girl there even if they were talking to one of the guys found me with curiosity. One thing I tend to notice quickly is how sexy most girls dress in workout clothes. Tight shorts that like to show off a sweet ass. Sports bras so tight that boobs are ready to burst free. Ohhh yeah! All for me. I like to think so anyway. Erection time. Boasting a big boy.
Going to the locker room I stashed my bag then left my shirt in the locker. From there I hit the treadmill first, running a good three miles working up a sweat. My chosen treadmill was dead center of the fleet. Within that three mile run I had seven hot girls running around me from all sides. I felt honored considering all the treads beyond the girls were empty and lifeless. With my iPod jamming I did my best to ignore the ladies, I love my metal, jamming to Slipknot and Five Finger Death Punch most of my run. Occasionally I'd look over at the girls to each side of me and find them staring me down. Some looking bashful, others blowing me kisses. I merely nodded with a grin and finished my run. As my timer ended I stopped and just leaned on the hand rails to cool off and let my heartrate catch up. A towel attendant offered me a complimentary towel just to get near me without looking obvious. Lingering a bit as I thanked her I let her watch me dry my sweat. She was pretty cute too. I knew my dick was the center of attention, peaking my loose shorts a bit. When you have a nine inch cock the sheer weight of it keeps it dangling instead of the average early riser. Although it does have a nice curve when I get really aroused. Which is pretty often.
Most men might be uncomfortable with their dick size being huge, not me. Like the Greek God Priapus I feel large and in charge. Stepping from the treadmill I took that moment to explore the girls more. Winking at a few that I liked personally, not that any of them were ugly or outdated. I prefer younger women being 28 myself, 18-21 range is my favorite. Although I'm certainly not omitting sexy Cougars. There's a few of those here tonight too. They tend to be less obvious in checking me out and hanging back. Acting extra hot I like to grab my waist band and tug it out in front as if cooling off my junk. That usually gets a lot of nibbling lips going strong. When there's no threats in my way I do that pretty often.
Leaving the treadmills I hit the cardio bikes and rode another mile. Surrounding me yet again I felt pretty invested. This time girls rode ahead of me, some very tight asses were keeping pace with me. I was not having any erection issues. My shorts were tenting up and I decided to ride my bike no hands, leaning back a bit to show it off. Compliments were given from the sides and I shared grins. Looking behind me briefly at others nipping at my heels I chose the moment to run my left hand down the front of my shorts and literally grip my cock, the girls beside me dropping their jaws and almost missing their peddles under duress. I smiled at the girl to my left, a luscious blond with big blue eyes, I could see the hunger in her locked on gaze.
To my right a brunette with green eyes studied my hidden hand, both girls easily 20-22. I intentionally tilted my cock in both directions giving them a giggle. At least I acknowledged them, that night I was really feeling evil. I decided that night to take more risks than ever before. I wanted to know just how many of these girls wanted me. At the time of my undercover hand I wasn't certain just how far that entailed but I'd get there. As my bike slowed down I hopped off hand still down my shorts, showing the girls behind me my hidden performance. I played it off as adjusting then removed my hand. Four girls fanned their faces at one time overheated by the temptation. I at least smiled in passing.
Heading into the actual weightlifting area I ignored them and just pumped dumbbells at 40 pounds each. Facing the outer fitness area I found a number of girls clustered together eyeballing me and obviously talking about my earlier show of hand. Others looked my way but were spread out more. I could tell the guys around me working out on weights were judging me. It's not my fault they don't have my physique, nor my big cock. Most of these guys are out of shape anyway. The fact I had a raging hard on was not helping the guys. Not that I worried what they thought of me I just didn't need to be kicked out. Thankfully, the guys had been there long before I came in so they were pretty much on their way out. I bid my time curling iron and showing off without aggressively letting the girls know my true motives. A good ten minutes later the guys left me alone in the weight room. Once gone the girls casually moved in. Being located dead center myself gave them room to tease me. The blond from earlier chose to lift weights in front of me, bending over in her super short workout shorts. When touching the floor I can literally see her thong beneath in the gap of her loose shorts. Hot pink my favorite.
Funny how I tried hard not to react to the girls moving in around me. There were up to eight girls at one point, two leaving for some reason. I guess they had classes in the morning. I wasn't worried I still had plenty of eye candy. Maybe I was their thigh candy too. Deciding I'd had enough of dumbbells I switched over to barbells, finding a bench free between two of the girls with very little weights on their bars. Adding my weights to each end leading up to 300 pounds, my maximum thus far in my achievements, I sat on the bench and tugged my loose shorts up for less confinement. In doing this my erection draped over my left leg and held tight to my thigh, I knew the crown of my cock would probably peek out once I laid back. I wanted eyes to see it by now.
Laying it on thick was an understatement I've actually measured my girth at just under five inches, my crown however topped out at over five so I knew eyeballs were going to pop. Stretching back I heaved my barbells from their cradle and did seven repetitions before my arms caved. When I looked up I discovered three girls, the brunette from earlier crouching in front of me checking me out. They didn't even bother to blush, only smile up at me. Sitting up I winced at their odd behavior and laid back again. I knew I had a few more reps in me once I stretched my arms a bit. Lifting my hips first I tugged my shorts a bit higher until my crown crept out for air. Gripping the bars I managed four more reps then just lay there panting. A girl with red hair gripped my barbell from standing behind my head and looked down at me. She was the first girl to strike up a conversation. She wore a loose tank top and her cleavage was pretty dramatic. No bra I could see her nipples sticking out pretty intensely. Nice! Very nice.
Complimenting me at first she introduced herself as Erin. As if I needed a name. Somehow she knew my name but I just presumed she caught a peek at the front counters logbook where members and guests sign in. Yeah, not gonna tell you my full name, Del is good enough. You can just call me Dick instead. It's about my dick anyways. Erin pointed out her girlfriends as blah, blah, and Brenda. I remembered Brenda. The others? Not so much. Again, none of them were unfuckable should I go that route, just not as hot as Erin and Brenda.
Anyways the subject of my dick came up pretty quickly and I just looked up at Erin laughing. I wasn't very convincing when I played dumb. Finally, I found hands rubbing my legs which drew my attention away from Erin's breasts. Brenda at least was one of those hands. The other two girls joined her. I chuckled and used the bar to pull myself up. Erin remaining behind me for the moment told me that it looked like her friends liked me. I played cool and replied that it looked that way.
Peering around the gym there were only two other men amid another ten women out on the cardio equipment, all off in their own world. I hadn't anticipated the girls to start touching me, not that it wasn't nice, just uncommon. As I scooted further toward them they took sides, Brenda to my left, dirty blond to my right, and another brunette with short hair dead center, that girl had palms on both my knees. Wow! Even I could see the crown of my dick peeking out and it really turned me on. Erin moved from behind the barbell cradle and straddled my bench behind me. She began rolling her palms along my shoulders and back, which gave me chills of pleasure. I had to ask them what was going on here. Erin answered with a similar question of you tell us. I looked up from the trio of hotties and noticed three other girls standing watch, hiding me from the other area, nobody could even see me. Nice!
Erin's hands left my shoulders in order to lift her tank up and press her bare chest against my back. Asking me if I liked that I chuckled and admitted to her that it was pretty hot. Brenda and the brunette she called Lacey rubbed higher up on my thighs running fingers up under my shorts. As my shorts rose more my dick slipped out further. A good three inches was exposed. Lacey flared her eyes and offered praise saying I don't think he's shy. All I could offer at the time was a sneer of egotism, I knew if I blushed they might think I'm goofy or something.
Erin wrapped her hands around my chest and teased my chest hair with her nails, looking down at her frolicking I know my dick grew even more. Brenda commenting on how purple my crown was getting only added to its vigor. None of then had dared to touch my dick at that point but somehow I knew it was headed in that direction. Erin whispering in my ear confirmed my suspicion when she asked if I liked all of this attention. Smirking I asked back with this is attention? The girls laughed amongst themselves at my boldness, they knew I wanted more attention and were eager to offer more. Brenda took the initiative and pinched my shorts and attempted to tug them down. The girl opposite Brenda who she called Eve joined in the wrestling match. Lifting my ass I let them pull my shorts down to my upper thighs until my erection popped free, in my straddled seat my scrotum was bunched up nice and tight. Lifting my legs Lacey took over and pulled my shorts to my shoes. The girls wouldn't rest until my shorts were completely off. Exhibitionist me loved the freedom and I moved one hand up to Erin's hair caressing it while my opposite hand gripped my cock stroking it. Murmurs of lust surrounded me.
The girls standing guard noted the other men in the gym, whispering forward to the girls that only one other man was left in the fitness center. Outside of a guy employee that meant three with me being the third. This was going far better than I'd have done on my own. The girls taking control only made me want to jerk off for them that much more. Not only was Erin enjoying my caress, the girls at my feet were admiring my attentions toward her. I could read their desires pretty easily, they wanted attention too. Lacey, Eve, and Brenda began rubbing my legs and hips trying not to interrupt my jacking off. Fuck I was feeling good.
Such bright eyes watching me without blinking really effected my inner pervert. Erin whispering dirty thoughts into my ear added to my reactions. Lacey between my legs reached in to tickle my balls, from there I knew I was going to get some help. Grinning at her I decided to stop my jerking off and turn my profile to kiss Erin. She welcomed my lips with a sweet sigh and I let the others just watch, my thoughts wondering if any one of these girls who might take over jerking me off. The bait was set. The fondling increased for certain, Brenda my choice moved to caress my abs, her fingers tangling in my pubes. A guy could get lost in this kind of thing. At that point I wasn't even stressed over the possibility of being busted. What red blooded American man wouldn't love the attentions of so many women.
Easing away from kissing Erin I looked down at the girls, they were fighting off any resistance to go after my cock I could tell. Looking higher at the girls standing I witnessed two of them caressing their own breasts, fingers beneath their t-shirts. One other looking back at the outer Elliptical's for a final confirmation of the guy is gone. Once hearing that Brenda and Lacey went in for the kill. Lacey crawled higher and swiftly removed her shirt. No bra her chest was near perfect. While not my first choice she was definitely was getting my attention. Rising over me she wrapped her breasts around my cock and titty fucked me without my help, outside of supplying the beast. Holy hell! I never expected that. You bet I thrust up through those beauties once I endured it more. I couldn't just lay there and let her do all the work.
Another louder confirmation of the male fitness center employee being led into the back room by a friend of theirs the girls went wild. Even those standing watch jumped to the chance of pawing me up. Lacey pulling away I found myself surrounded in hot chicks, all kneeling around me to touch my skin. Behind me Erin scooted back and coaxed me to lay in her lap. Agreeing I ended up with hands all over me. Brenda my top pick grabbed my cock and began jerking me off. FUCK YES! All I could do was watch her from that point on. Not even the flood of hands everywhere else on me could draw me from her. I was being molested by 8 girls. Looking up at the outer area I saw more girls watching the feeding frenzy. Even the older women were moving in to enjoy the show. HOLY FUCK!
Lacey took a bigger step and eased in under my legs and began sucking my balls. I remember thinking I was going to bust a nut then and there but my resistance training was pretty strict. Brenda gave up stroking me in that moment and leaned in to lick my cock from the side. Eve opposite her did the same. Two other girls to each side of my arms, four total leaned forward in a joint force to kiss my chest and abs. Who knew this kind of thing could happen outside of a porn. At my feet my legs rose up to be kissed by even more. I was in fucking Heaven, Angels everywhere I looked. Two girls licking my cock, one my balls. All I needed now was a mouth on my knob.
Easing out from under me I discovered Erin removing her shorts and the fact she wasn't wearing underwear, no pubes even. Fuck I love a slick pussy. She patted my cheek then straddled my face. HOLY SHIT! I ate her pussy hard. Without seeing the others all I could do now was feel their touches, their kisses. It was pretty fucking crazy.
Finally!! Someone started sucking my cock, deep throating even. One mouth leaving and another taking over. I was being passed around amongst mouths. It occurred to me suddenly that this was a college fitness center. Was I part of some crazy initiation? Shit! What if a bunch of fat ugly girls were hiding until I couldn't see? Fuck Me! Regardless of my possibly being played I did like Erin on my face and she sure liked my tongue, she was moaning like crazy. After eight mouths on my cock I felt a weight straddling my lap and a hot wet pussy sliding on to me. Fuck! All I recall was praying it was Brenda.
After making Erin cum hard on my face she hopped off and I could finally see that it was Lacey riding my dick. I was good with that. Brenda however moved in to replace Erin on my face, pulling her loose shorts aside to sit her bald pussy on my tongue. HELL YES! I tore Brenda up. I'm going to hear her soft moans for weeks as I jerk off. I might have to date her.
Lacey came on my cock but I still resisted shooting my load. I can be stubborn like that. Besides I really wanted to cum for all to see so good luck trying to get me to cum inside any of you hot bitches. Well, Brenda maybe. Nope! Not gonna. What amazed me most was the fact that none of these girls seemed to sweat over hopping on my dick after each other. Not that I'm a germaphobe but come on. Cum on they did. Shit! Brenda just came on my face as I squeezed her tits up under her shirt. Fucking awesome, her tits must be a good 38D.
Crawling off of me no one was there to take her place, allowing me to enjoy watching the rest of the girls to take their turns riding me. As Brenda stepped off completely I found my hand reaching out to rub her leg and she paused to look me in the eye. For the first time I opened up over what I wanted. Staring at her she warmly smiled as I told her she would look good on my cock. Biting her fingernail with the most amazing eyes she heard her friends say I think he likes you Bren. She admired her friend riding me at the moment and then looked around the entire gym for safety reasons. As her friend noted Brenda's desire the girl gave up on me and hopped off. Brenda found her friends pulling at her to take a turn and shyly left my hand to explore the possibility. Before she could climb on in her shorts her friends wouldn't have it. They yanked her shorts to her feet and left her bottomless. Blushing heavily Brenda crawled over me and I felt the sweetest pussy ever wrap around my cock and sink low. Just her expression made me want to cum.
Holding her hips in my hands I encouraged her to ride. Smiling down at me she whimpered at how good I felt inside her. I shared her whimper with a light growl. In her ride upright her tits bounced about and I slid my hands skyward up under her t-shirt. Palming her breasts she reared her head back and moaned even louder. Affixed eyes from each of the surrounding girls it was easy to see they found her just as intoxicating as I did. In a bold move on Lacey's part she and another girl pulled Brenda's shirt up and made her put her arms in the air to remove it. All while my hands gripped those big melons of hers. Once nude the real ride was on. Feeling incredibly sexy Brenda's confidence rose and she rode my cock harder. My grip on her tits abandoned them just to see them dance. Fuck I wanted to cum. My resistance was waning I'll tell ya. I just couldn't, not only because of what I wanted, but because I didn't wanna knock anyone up. Taking her hands I drew her down over me and let her gyrate from a hugging pose. Kissing became easy. In no time at all Brenda had an orgasm, one pretty powerful orgasm at that, her pussy juices flowed hard all over me and my bench, probably the floor. I didn't want her to climb off, holding her with my arms wrapped around her waist I took over for her as best I could. Thrusting up under her weight I made her squeal and laugh before another array of sweet moans. The problem was this damned bench.
Being a pretty strong guy I planted my feet firmly on the carpet and lifted us up on the bench to a sitting position. Hearing all of the surrounding girls ooo and ah at my assertiveness made me want to hear a lot more of their amazement. Being an exhibitionist like I am it was a huge turn on. So I took Bren for a ride, standing up with my dick still in her. She opened her mouth out of shock that I would even consider that kind of move. I think the ladies all thought I was just going to lay there. Not my style ladies. Standing fully erect I fucked Brenda as she held on for dear life. Just for the record, after this stunt I met Brenda four other times following that night. Hot and heavy until the newness wore off.
Back on track here, the night was not over. I carried Brenda out of the weight room and marched us straight out to the middle of the fitness center. She was squealing up a storm, embarrassed and laughing but loving it all the same. The other ladies followed us out as moral support for Brenda. Hearing their chattering I think half of them wished they were Brenda. The other half a little too shy for such an open concept exhibition. Brenda and I had zero coverage right out in the open. Even when the female worker stepped from the back room to witness our lewd act she just watched with enthusiasm.
The male worker couldn't be contained in hiding and caught us too, but the female employee managed to keep him from calling the cops. That and the fact a couple of the college girls swept him into their feminine wiles. He was too preoccupied to cause us any grief. Best night ever, well almost but I'll save that day for another tale. Overtaxing even my resistance I knew I needed to cum so I prepared her and sat her trembling feet on the carpet before pulling out. Jerking off in front of the ladies I hoped I might get at least a couple greedy facials willing to hover under me. Unfortunately no takers and I just stood loud and proud and finished myself off. Squirting three extended ropes of jizz out on to the carpet I watched the women giggle and fill my head with complimentary praise. I decided once I caught my breath to gather my things and head for the gym showers, I needed hot water after all that. No cold I wanted to stay hard.
Going in alone I pumped my fist out of triumph and hit a shower, the showers at this gym were not separate units but communal. The water felt good and I grew lost in the thoughts of what I'd just gotten away with. Those thoughts were cut short when I felt hands touch my back. Jumping due to water in my eyes I turned to see the older women who stood back watching. Both maybe 40 in age. Milf material. Having stripped out of their workout suits they joined me under the water and fondled me. I was not arguing. They were both tight from persistent gym workouts. Redheaded Maeve and blond Presley took turns blowing me, sharing my cock with twin tongues of terror. HELL YES!
After awhile I tapped Maeve up against the shower wall. She was energetic that's for sure. Nutting in her I took Presley in a stand up doggy, her hands on the wall while Maeve bent behind me to squeeze my balls. Fucking hot! To be honest I'm shocked with my own dexterity. I've never fucked this many girls in my life, all at once. I guess I had the extra oomph because I knew it'd probably never happen again. Taking Presley in a very vocalized anal penetration ended my time with her. One last cream pie in her ass I tired out. Feeling concerned the women felt like pampering me so they stayed in the showers spray and cleaned me up. It was nice being mothered. Saying goodbye they dried off and got dressed, leaving me to myself to just relax under a steady stream. It was peaceful. Oh, I did get phone numbers. Hopefully I don't forget them before I write them down.
Finishing my shower I shut off the valve and turned to grab a towel. In my way stood the female employee holding a towel out for me. Looking with eyes that pretty much wanted some of me too, I felt badly I didn't have it in me. I did let her dry me off and fondle me a bit. She seemed satisfied knowing it wasn't her but that I was just plain wore out. I did give her a polite kiss and ran my hand down the back of her yoga pants, she had a nice tight ass. Raincheck requested I got dressed and walked out with her.
To my surprise the college girls were still there waiting on me. Tired or not I sat around shooting the shit with all of them, including the employee just so that she didn't feel left out. Short story long I got phone numbers, and no I didn't forget the MILF's digits either. All it took was being fit and having a big dick. I wasn't a big time talker so that sure wasn't it. I guess I can attribute things to my being the strong silent type. Who needs words when you can let the dick do the talking.
So much for just jerking off. Maybe next time.
For sure.