Chapter 22: A New Year

The girls were right, Pete did fit right in. Of course he was a little awkward at first, he wasn't used to being fawned over by seven women, particularly when three of those women were the naked mothers of three young naked daughters. Rena especially seemed to intimidate him, not only was she the mother of his sponsor, the girl who had taken his virginity, and one he had obvious strong feelings for, but she was also the most aggressive in wanting to fuck him at the earliest opportunity. She managed to hold back during that first meeting at the Hill's, but within a week Megan was having to lay down the law and tell her to back off. Rena understood, and managed to get herself under control, but the continuing attraction was never buried very deep. In the end, it didn't matter, because Pete soon got over his intimidation, and Rena got her chances with him, not as often as she would have liked, but no less often than anyone else.
We all developed an immediate liking for Pete, there was something charming and naive about him, but at the same time he had enough of an adventurous streak to enjoy the kind of unorthodox lifestyle we offered. Once he'd adjusted to the idea and gotten some familiarity with us and our ways, he was a full and enthusiastic participant. He even cheerfully adopted the Goddess concept, not in the literal sense that Megan, Rena and Phoebe seemed determined to pursue, but at least in the more metaphorical context the Hera saw it in.
It was his second Sunday meeting with us, December 28, and he already seemed comfortable with everyone. Pete, Megan and myself were lounging comfortably on one side of the den, watching the activities of the others at play. Pete and I had already each fucked both Megan and her mother, and Rena was working on making it something akin to a gang bang for herself. She was currently on all fours being pounded from behind by Joe, while Jo lay beneath her in the sixty-nine posture, looking up happily at her husbands balls bouncing against Rena's clit, splattering droplets of her previous two partners' semen. Rena's face was buried in Joanne's cunt, Jo was smiling and whimpering a little as she toyed with the moist flesh above her.
Elsewhere in the room, Hera rode atop Henri, grinding slowly, Rick was thrusting atop Tethys, and Angela was having her own pussy tongued thoroughly by Herakles, enjoying her preliminary orgasms before the real penetration began. Phoebe savored and drooled on her husband's cock, adding her own assistance to the preparations. The pace was mellow rather than frenetic, and for once nobody was making a video of it all. The mood was simply relaxed, peaceful, and as wholesomely affectionate as any orgy could ever be considered to be.
For now, Pete, Megan and I were silent and contemplative. My mind was on Rena as I watched the pure joy she expressed in her abundant sexual adventure. A few months ago the idea of doing these things would have left her frightened and disgusted, but the more she had come out of her shell with us, the more wanton and intense her desires had become. I realized that part of my concern for Pete's potential reaction to us had been based on Rena's initial shock at seeing what her daughter had become involved in.
"She's making up for lost time," Megan said quietly, apparently reading my thoughts. "A couple of decades of it, I think. Until she met this group, sex was a dark and threatening thing for her, which given her experience is understandable. Thanks to everyone here, she feels like she's been released from chains. That's what makes her so devoted to serving the Goddess."
"Do you think it might be just a phase she's going through? That she might change again once she gets this out of her system?" asked Pete.
"To a certain extent it might be," Megan answered after a short pause to consider. "But she won't go back to where she was before. Do you think this is just a phase thatyou'regoing through?"
"I sure hope not!" Pete chuckled. "A phase change, maybe. A new equilibrium? I don't think I understand what's happening well enough to say, yet."
Megan smiled at him, leaned over and kissed him gently. "Good answer. It's new to me too, still, and I've been all in since summer. But it does feel like I've gone through a permanent change. I see things differently now. You know how I feel about polyamory and group sex, and I'm really grateful you want to share it with me."
"With you and all the other ladies in the room," I smiled. "Isn't this a young man's dream?"
Megan sniffed. "I'm sure it's an old man's dream too, old man."
"I'm perfectly happy to do one on one sex in private, at least most of the time," I assured her.
"Most of the time," she smirked. "Most of us are perfectly happy eating breakfast cereal in the morning most of the time, but that doesn't take away the dream for that five-egg omelet."
"I'll make you one some day. I wouldn't want your dreams to go unfulfilled," I vowed.
I was sure that Megan and Pete were right. We had all changed since last summer, to a greater or lesser extent, and as far as I could tell we were still evolving. Even the senior couple among us, our hosts, Joe and Jo Hill, who had spent most of their adult lives practicing and pursuing group sex, seemed to have settled into much more of a hosting role. They still were active participants, and it seemed none of the ladies enjoyed a three-hole stuffing more than Joanne did when the opportunity presented itself, but she seemed to now be putting more emphasis on making sure her guests were getting all the sex they wanted. In addition, she had assumed the unofficial role of group audiovisual recorder. Her video camera was usually out and making the rounds, and she had a real talent for producing high quality homemade porn. Her videos of our adventures had almost completely replaced the porn that Tethys and I used to watch as a complement to our own fucking. We much preferred now to watch ourselves and our friends in action, and relive our reminiscences rather than fantasizing about the fake passions of strangers.
Rick had evolved since we'd first seen Angela lead his slightly reluctant persona into the gathering. He'd changed physically, due to adopting what seemed to have become our official group workout mandate. He was studier looking, still lean but more muscular. He was still polite and soft-spoken, but seemed to have lost most of his shyness, and his new confidence was very attractive to the women here. Phoebe had lost weight, but that apparently was all she'd lost. She still invoked the Goddess at every opportunity, with Rena shared an obsessive fascination with cock in all stages of growth and performance, and was vocal and explicit in her appreciations. Heracles had come out of his shell as well, spurred on not only by his wife but his shameless daughter, who seemed to get a special kick out of fucking him where they could be seen and heard. Herakles had been hesitant at first, but Hera was not to be discouraged. I knew her mother had been barely suppressing an incestuous attraction for some time, but now it was front and center for the three of them. Perverted as it should and did seem to the more conservatively well adjusted among us, it was clear that with all involved being adults, and all involved being very happy with each other, there was simply no reason to judge or be negative. I enjoyed seeing Herakles' formerly confused and troubled look unfold to total blissful satisfaction as his wife and daughter shared his pleasures, nor did it detract from their enthusiastic desire for the rest of us. Hera was particularly enamored with Pete, whether because he was simply the new toy or because of some special inherent attraction, I couldn't yet tell.
Even with the addition of Pete, our gender balance was not equal. Not counting Sonia and Carl for the moment, who were at this time drawing crowds on China's mainland, we had six men and seven women to keep happy. The women, being demandingly multi-orgasmic were always going to be a challenge. Pete's inclusion helped a lot, though. At the tender age of nineteen, he could recover quickly, and be hard again in mere minutes after his first ejaculation. Rick wasn't all that much older, and both he and Pete were good for at least three loads over the course of a single Sunday gathering. Henri and I could generally manage two, and Joe and Herakles, the oldsters of the bunch, were not likely to produce more than one.
We were more than just cum-hoses, though. The ladies wanted, more than anything else, extended and affectionate, cuddly fucking. They liked semen, but they liked the stroke and caress of extended copulatory bliss even more. This, fortunately, was where I excelled. I could stay hard and hold back my orgasm almost indefinitely, yet when my partner was ready I could release it in less than a minute of receiving my cue. Tethys had assured me this was a rare and precious gift, and later Megan and Hera had both confirmed their appreciation of it. But Joe and Henri weren't all that far behind. Joe had decades of focused practice in building the skill, Henri had an ability that, while not at my level, nevertheless allowed him to please multiple women before being overcome himself, and Herakles could simulate it just by stopping and resting on occasion. The young guys, Rick and Pete, still tended to cum fairly quickly, at least at first. They could, however, hold back longer after that first explosion, and even their initial fucks were improving with practice. Overall, even with the gender imbalance, we guys were mostly keeping up.
There was one area we still couldn't quite be everything the girls wanted, though. Tethys, Megan and Rena were all by now aficionados of the gang bang. Having six men available to fuck them and cum inside them sequentially was one of their several biggest thrills. Tethys was especially skilled on the receiving end, because she could hold much of the cum inside her until the end, where she could let it all flood out of her for the benefit of whoever volunteered to lap it up - and there was no shortage of volunteers. The others couldn't hold it at all, it would be drooling out of their pussies as the next man was pushing his cock into their recently flooded tunnels. Gang bangs always produced a volume of cum splattering everywhere while the additional partners were thrusting vigorously. The ladies involved consistently had several orgasms from each man who entered them, meaning they could manage a couple of dozen quaking climaxes by the time we were all done with them.
In addition, Joanne and Angela, and Megan again, were into triple plays, having a man in the pussy, ass and mouth simultaneously. If the guys could all ejaculate at the same time, so much the better. Tethys, Hera, Rena and Phoebe were more conservative, enjoying the pussy and mouth double play, but not being such big fans of anal.
It's not like we men weren't willing to please, and we could make it happen for any given lady on any given Sunday. But that was only for one woman, and then there would be six other women who would have to settle for less than their share. What made it more difficult is that the gang bang recipients also wanted men to be shooting down their throats while other men were fucking them, depleting the semen reserves for the rest even further.
Consequently, gang bangs were rare and special occasions, not done weekly, and not done nearly as often as our womenfolk would desire. But this was a special occasion, and Pete, having recovered from his earlier fucks quite comfortably, happily participated in his first full-crowd gang bang, with Megan, no less. He performed admirably, cumming in both her pussy and her mouth during the course of the event. Later, he was even able to cum inside Tethys doggy style, while she enjoyed my cock in her mouth. On top of that, he managed to give both Rena and Hera dry fucks - dry in the sense that he didn't ejaculate, but he stayed hard enough for long enough that both of them came multiple times.
"How are you holding up?" I asked him towards the end of the evening.
"I'm exhausted!" he answered with a shrug and a weak smile.
"So all this sex isn't what it was cracked up to be?"
He smiled a little more broadly. "Back when I was still a virgin,so long ago, I worried that once I became sexually active I would overwhelm any woman I was involved with. I was so desperately horny while at the same time trying to hold back for 'moral' reasons," and here he made finger quotes,"that I was afraid I'd be insatiable, and end up chasing my future lover away. I never in a million years thought that I'd be surrounded by insatiable women, and that I'd be the one getting worn out."
"Well, I don't see them chasing you away," I needled.
"No, I'll just die happy," he laughed quietly. "I'm just glad I can do this with Megan without either of us getting jealous. I'm kind of surprised, actually. I worried that I'd be possessive and jealous, but it's actually a joy to see her expressing her passion so freely."
"I think you worry too much," I said. "Between you and me, you're just the man that Megan needs."
After the festivities had ended, I brought up the subject with Tethys as we crawled into bed.
"I agree with you," she sighed as I snuggled my face between her thighs, licking her labia and clit gently and therapeutically, helping calm the stimulation from the more vigorous action it had seen most of the day.
"They are such a beautiful couple, they really compliment one another. I know I've never seen Megan happier. She used to only sing when she was fucking you, but now she sings when she's fucking Pete too."
"I don't know how she learned so many songs, but she sure has a large repertoire," I chuckled.
Tethys sighed with satisfaction. "I'm not normally that big on foreplay, but this is some very high quality pleasure I'm getting from you. I hope you don't mind if I want you to keep doing it."
"That's because it's not foreplay. This is just a bonus reward for all the beautiful feelings you gifted to several beautiful and deserving people today."
"Mmmmm, who did I fuck today?" Tethys relaxed into my tongue caresses on her slit and my finger squeezes on her nipples as she lay on her back. "You, Pete, Joe, Henri, and Rick, if I remember right. All of you came inside me except Joe, so it was almost as good as a full gang bang."
"Not to mention the affectionate oral delights you gave Megan, Hera, Rena, Angela, Joanne and Phoebe throughout the day," I reminded her.
"I was being selfish. They had fresh cum in them, and I had to taste each one afterwards. I did share, though. I didn't hog it all for myself." Tethys smiled at the memory.
"Well, you hogged the cum from all the guys that jismed inside you, you shameless fucking cum-slut." I gave her nipples an extra twist as I spoke, and punctuated my sentence with a little nip on her clit. Tethys arched her back and let out a loud moan in reaction, and extra moisture oozed from her cunt.
"Not true," she gasped after she caught her breath again. "Megan and Hera licked some of it afterwards. I saved some more for you, though."
I'm not the kind of guy who generally sucks fresh cream pies from other men's orgasms out of my girlfriend's well-used pussy. I will occasionally lick her clean after my own ejaculations, and I don't mind the taste of my own cum. But I might as well face it, as frequently as she fucks the other men in The Tribe, as often as not there will be residue in there that my cock or my tongue will be in contact with. I've gotten used to it, and it's now just a fact of our relationship. It doesn't bother me. Sometimes I can even identify the source of the semen from the taste, if it's all from one man. Tonight, of course, it was a blend of four males, and my tastes are just not that discerning.
Not that there was enough to identify anyway. Tethys and I had showered and washed each other thoroughly when we got home tonight, and the external evidence had been cleaned off. She doesn't douche, believing quite correctly that doing so is an invitation to yeast infections, and recognizing that there is no cleansing system more effective than the one nature gave her. Limiting her partners to the same half dozen men has allowed her immune system to adjust to the same consistent set of invaders, and since we're all faithful within the tribe our risks are far less than those of most non-monogamous people. The remaining semen had over the hours been well diluted by her natural secretions, and what my tongue experienced consisted of far more Tethys than any other partner. There was some lingering male taste, but it wasn't strong enough to be distracting. I was far more focused on my lady's euphoria, and I was enjoying her responses.
I brought up the topic of Pete and more generally the abundance of our sexual practices a few minutes later, after she'd had another rather intense orgasm and seemed spent for the night.
"I've read a few times, and I've actually heard indirect hints from my siblings, that for a lot of couples sex gets routine and a little boring after a few years, and some partners start thinking of it as a chore. I think men feel that way as well as women. Do you think that will happen with us? I hope not. Pete says he's exhausted, but the other girls still want more from him. Do you think he'll get tired of it eventually?"
"I can only speak for myself," Tethys answered, "and I have thought about it, a lot. For the way I'm living now, I can't imagine it ever happening. If I were fucking just one guy, and we always went through the same routine, and I could set my watch by his thrust rhythms, I might get tired of fucking the same way, but I wouldn't get tired of fucking in general. I'd just want more variety. With us, I get plenty of variety - different men, different positions and styles, different women, the happy social aspect of it all... Since I started seeing you, Taylor, and especially since we started putting The Tribe together, I'm the horniest I've ever been. I really don't mind thinking of myself as insatiable. Although I have to admit that after days and nights like this I do feel satiated for the time being. How do you feel about it?"
"I have to admit I know how Pete feels," I admitted, "since with the type of relationships we have there's no way we can be insatiable. There are women who want more from us than we are physically capable of providing, and that can be a little intimidating sometimes. Not that I get tired of it or bored with it per se, but I do get tired. I'm doing something that I love, and it will never be anything but an exciting privilege, but sometimes I need a breather for a bit."
"I think that's more a problem for Pete than it is for you right now," Tethys suggested. "He hasn't learned how to control his orgasms, and even though he can cum more often than you, Old Man, and can produce a higher semen volume, he can't spend as much time hard, because it takes too much out of him to cum. I think of Mimi and Ray, the couple we met at Hippie Hollow last summer, who I visited in October. You remind me a bit of Ray. He's sixty-four frickin' years old, and he can stay hard and fuck for hours. That's because he doesn't cum until he chooses to. Once he shoots his load, he's done for a couple of days, but he can fuck multiple times, and for long periods, without blasting his cock out of action. Mimi calls him 'Forever Ray.'"
"You wish he had fucked you while you were there, don't you?"
"I wouldn't have minded," she smiled. "Mimi really wanted him to fuck me, and she was a little disappointed when he wouldn't. It was fun watching him and Mimi fuck, though. They really don't look like their age. I hope we fuck that well when we're that old."
The smile suddenly left her face, and for a moment I thought I saw a look of fear in her eyes. She went silent. I knew why. We'd never discussed a future for our relationship, for some reason I was shy about bringing it up, and Tethys seemed similarly reluctant. We acted as a couple, as permanent partners for those who knew us, but permanence was one thing we had not talked about. It was the idea of impermanence I feared, the idea that Tethys would one day declare it over. For me, bringing up the topic of our future was too much like bringing up the topic of our relationship's end. I didn't want that, but talking about it, I worried, might somehow serve to bring it about.
I held her in silence for a minute or two, thinking. Finally I felt I had an acceptable answer. "I guess I'll just have to keep practicing so I can become 'Forever Taylor.' Maybe you can help with my training."
I felt foolish. I'd almost said "yourForever Taylor,'" but I'd caught it at the last second and made it generic. It was that reflexive fear that if I mentioned forever for the two of us, that she would reject it, and I'd have to think about facing life without her. That was a life I could not and would not imagine. But it had been Tethys who'd let it slip that she was thinking of the two of us as a forever couple. Fucking for hours in our sixties? That was an offer I should have jumped on. Now she was going to think I was the one holding back.
"I'll give you all the coaching you want, Sweetie," she responded wrapping her arms around me and pulling me in. "Just have your girl call my girl, and we'll arrange a schedule."
I was taking two weeks off work for the Christmas/New Years holiday, and Monday was December 30, so I had the day free. I spent the morning with Tethys working out at Carl's home gym, along with Megan, Rena, Hera and Henri. I still wasn't used to how incredibly strong Tethys had become. She had been muscular as long as I'd known her, that was part of her attractiveness, but until I had begun accompanying her to her sessions I hadn't appreciated just what those muscles could do. Her lower body was actually stronger than mine - she could easily squat two hundred eighty pounds with multiple reps, while I could barely do two hundred forty for one. My upper body strength was greater, as it should have been being a male, but even so her bench and overhead presses were impressive, and she could easily do ten bodyweight pullups, which was significantly more than the six I could manage.
"You'll improve, soon you'll be doing more than me," she had assured me. I had improved - I'd increased my reps by one since I started, meaning she was still well ahead of me. Megan was pretty strong too, not yet at Tethys' level, but she was determined to improve. Tethys was sure Megan had more long-term potential than she did, since she was starting younger and had a more naturally muscular build. Hera, Rena, and Henri all had a long way to go, they were still mostly working on getting the basic form right, which meant very light weights, but even they were making progress nonetheless.
After the gym, I dropped Tethys off at her apartment, while I went to visit the Hills. I wasn't sure what I wanted to say to them, I was still troubled by my response to Tethys' words of the previous night, and Joe and Jo, being in some respect the elders of the Tribe, had also evolved into the role of unofficial confessors and repositories of relationship wisdom. I didn't feel like I was violating any confidences by confiding in them. Being naked in their house was the natural state, when I called to let them know I was coming over they told me the door was unlocked, and to come right in and get undressed in the entry hall. They'd be in their bedroom, Jo said, just walk right in. Somehow, that didn't seem strange in the least.
As I entered the bedroom, Joe was sitting on the edge of the bed with his wife impaled on his cock, both of them facing the door. Joanne waved me over, leaned forward and grabbed my cock, bringing me into her mouth.
"We need to get you warmed up for your visit," she smiled. She rolled my cock around in her mouth as my length, girth, and firmness all rapidly increased, while she made a few yummy noises, all the while bouncing a steady rhythm on Joe's lap.
"Mmmm, I taste pussy Who's the lucky girl this morning?"
"Tethys, Hera, Rena, and Megan," I gasped as she returned to suction.
Joe let out a chuckle. "Carl left some big shoes to fill, didn't he?"
"It's not the shoes, believe me," Joanne mumbled. She released my cock for another moment. "Did you cum in any of them?"
"Tethys," I groaned.
"Good boy. Do you think you have any left, and do you have permission to give me a taste?"
"I was panting with the intensity of the pleasure, but I managed to breathe out, "I'm sure she'll be fine with it."
"Good." She sucked with exquisite skill for a few more minutes while continuing to fuck her husband, and then pulled her lips off me again.
"Too easy," she commented. "Joe, let's switch. Taylor, you lie down on your back so I can straddle you. Joe, you know where my ass is. Hit it when it's ready."
It all sounded so romantic. Joanne's love for the ass-pussy combo fuck was no secret, and I had played pussy man for them several times before while Joe serviced her rectum. The lady never seemed to tire of it. Joe and I easily established a complimentary rhythm, and Joanne was soon screaming orgasm after orgasm. The feel of a hot sodden pussy enveloping my cock is always exquisite, no matter who it belongs to, but Joanne really does fit like a glove - a very wet, slippery glove. Yet with the slipperiness there's some well-positioned texture inside that both grabs and slides perfectly over my cock. It's a perfect snugness, which combines with her skilled vaginal muscle control to create an unusual and irresistible sensation. I can't say it actually feels better than Tethys, or even Megan or Hera or Sonia or the other ladies of The Tribe, but it is unique, subtle and very stimulating on its own. Combine that with the added pressure of a cock sliding past on the other side of those thin tissues, massaging her gut from the inside, and it was a feeling to die for. I'd never thought of myself as being drawn to the idea of the ass-pussy double penetration, at least not until this strange group had coalesced around us, but after experiencing it with Joanne and Sonia, I no longer had second thoughts about it. From the way Megan was talking lately, I expected I'd be sharing her with Pete soon. So far I'd always been the pussy man, while the anal entry had been accomplished by more normally proportioned cocks. I didn't expect that to change.
Some extended number of happy minutes later, Joe and I both simultaneously released our hot loads into her two orifices, and her response was not a scream, but a long, drawn out groan of satisfaction.
"Well done, gentlemen," she smiled as Joe pulled out from behind her and she clambered off my dripping cock. She dedicated a few moments to slurping the residue of first my cock and then Joe's, afterward reaching down with her fingers and catching the oozing cream and transferring it to her mouth with a look of dessert bliss.
"Ok, Taylor," she began after we'd settled down for a few minutes. "I know you didn't come all this way just to fuck me, though I'd be flattered if you did. What did you want to talk about?"
It turned out to be harder to mention than I had expected. "Tethys and I were talking last night, and she mentioned watching Ray and Mimi fuck while she was visiting them in October. She mentioned how beautiful it was, and said she hopes we fuck like that when we're that age."
"I hope Joe and I fuck like that when we're that age," she shrugged. "So are you having doubts that you'll be together that long?"
"Well..." I struggled. "We've never talked about any long-term future before, and I kind of assumed that she wasn't even thinking about one. I didn't want to bring up anything that might spoil what we have."
"Do youwanta long term future with her?" Joe broke in pointedly.
"Hell yes," I said, with no doubt in my mind. "But since she'd never said anything about it before, and I was afraid to, I was unprepared when she suddenly said what she said. And I didn't really acknowledge it well."
"You mean, you didn't say the difficult and complex phrase, 'Me too'?" Joanne smirked.
"No," I shook my head. "I wanted to, but I pretty much froze."
"You know, that's not really so hard to fix," she said.
"I know, but we'd just come off another topic that was on my mind when she said it, and it might have distracted me. We were talking about people having so much sex that one partner might be satiated before the other one is, and I was wondering about why some people want so much more sex than others, and why sex drives can change."
"Are you worried about that?" Joanne asked.
"I think so," I admitted. "Even Pete said yesterday he's exhausted from fucking all the women here, and you ladies seem to have a lot more endurance than the men do. What if I get worn down and lose my desire, and Tethys gets frustrated and disappointed with me?"
"I can give that a partial answer," Joe offered. "Between Jo here, and the other women of The Tribe, there's no way that I can come close to keeping even one of them satiated. Jo and I grew up as nudists and swingers, we've been having group sex and orgies pretty much all our adult lives, but if I'm honest I probably don't have a sex drive as strong as yours, or a lot of other guys here. But I never get bored with sex, any more than I get bored with good meals, or with funny jokes, or with interesting conversations. I just pace myself. I do what I'm capable of doing, and don't push myself beyond it. Joanne needs more sex than I do, and we have outlets for that, one of which is this wonderful group of friends. Angela's the same way. She needs to fuck more than Rick does, but they both accommodate each other."
"I'll bet if you discuss that with Tethys, it will be the perfect opening for you both to go into more detail about your long term desires for each other," said Joanne. "And I know for a fact," she smiled knowingly, "that Tethys really does want you to be her 'Forever Taylor', and I know better than you do yourself that you want to spend a lifetime with her."
I blushed, but I couldn't disagree. I could never imagine loving anyone as much as I loved Tethys, and for some reason the fact that I felt no sexual jealousy was confirmation of that fact. Whenever I saw her writhing in orgasmic delight with another man's cock inside her, I felt proud of her, and thrilled at her happiness. It was the same way she cheered me on with such enthusiasm when I fucked another woman. Our only requirement was that we not be secretive about our sex lives, and if we both couldn't be present at the time, we would entertain each other with detailed descriptions of the event as soon as possible.
I spent the rest of the day at home, catching up with programming projects that I'd let slide since the database transfer project at work had begun. I'd done a lot of work at home for that, more than I really should have. I also wanted to take a look at the art gallery website that Tethys and Hera had jointly put together to display and sell their work. It had only been up a couple of weeks, but it was already starting to get some views, and had even led to a couple of sales. That was promising. My professional philosophy is, unsurprisingly, make it functional first, and optimize later. Premature optimization is just another way of letting the perfect be the enemy of the good. You don't really even know what needs to be optimized until the product has been put through its paces a bit. Today was a good day to go over the performance of the site, and see what I could do to make it more efficient, responsive, and most of all, maintainable.
One programming skill that I'm proud enough to brag about is that my code is readable and clearly commented. It's important to me that if I'm hit by a bus tomorrow, whatever code I leave behind will be understood by my replacement even without prior instruction. That it's even more important for me to not get hit by a bus in the first place probably goes without saying. One advantage of well structured and readable code is that when it does come time to optimize, the blocks to be changed, the nature of the changes, and the effect of the changes will be obvious. I also keep a change history linked to the current version, so that if bugs creep in they can be tracked down and corrected.
After a couple of hours working on the website, I was satisfied that it was as clean, fast, and robust as it needed to be for the near future, and I moved on to more hobby-type projects. One of my favorites is a Darwinian evolution simulator, which creates populations of virtual species and habitats, and allows them to reproduce, mutate, and adapt to changing environmental conditions over time. There are a lot of those available, but mine has a few quirks I hadn't seen on the others. For one thing, it allows for the equivalent of "junk DNA" which was ostensibly nonfunctional initially, but might at a future time come to code for some as yet unanticipated feature. It also provides for some form of sexual selection between mating individuals, as well as habitat fragmentation and migration, which provides new selection pressures to portions of the population, encouraging diversification with the potential of genetic isolation and new species arising. I was happy with the project so far, although I really had no plans to market it. It was exclusively for my own nerdy amusement.
I had no female distractions for the rest of the day and night. Tethys, Hera, and this time Megan as well had gone to spend the time with Henri. Lately Tethys and Hera had been keeping Henri company on Mondays to help relieve his loneliness due to the absence of Sonia, and now that Megan was on a semester break she wanted to go too. I know Henri was grateful for the attention, but having to face the energy of three highly libidinous women for such an extended period of time had to have a wearing effect on his stamina, even if they took it easy on him. He was after all, more than double Pete's age, and not as fit as most of the rest of us. I knew from the reports Tethys would return with that most of the time they spent with him consisted of cuddling and talking, and the sex was mostly in the form of extended, relaxed fondling and massage, with only about a half hour of actual fucking. Having the extra woman there in the form of Megan might have increased the energy levels somewhat, as Megan was a bit of a firecracker, but I was sure that Tethys and Henri together could keep the younger girls more or less under control.
I should also mention cooking. The girls also intended to take over Henri's kitchen, and prepare him a dinner fit for a master chef. It was a noble ambition, but it seemed to me like a school custodian writing a song and trying to impress Taylor Swift or Bruno Mars with it. Not that it couldn't be done, but there's a high bar to surpass. On the other hand, there's no reason that even a master chef isn't going to appreciate a basic lasagna on occasion, especially if he's not the one who has to prepare it.
It wasn't until Tuesday, New Year's Eve, that Tethys and I got back together, but we weren't alone. Rena called and asked if she could come visit overnight, and neither of us wanted to deny her. Megan was working that night, hoping for some extra income, and afterwards she and Pete were going to spend the night with Hera. Rena normally slept with Phoebe and Herakles, but for tonight she wanted Tethys and me. I hoped it didn't involve friction at home, and fortunately that wasn't the case. Herakles and Phoebe had been married on New Years Eve, and they traditionally reserved that night for the two of them alone. They had a fancy night on the town planned, followed by a stay in one of Austin's luxury hotels. The fact that a special evening for them meant time away from other members of The Tribe was not lost on me, but neither was it troubling. I would have done the same thing. We were a group of mutually supportive friends and lovers, not group spouses. Rena wasn't bothered by being left out either, but she was bothered.
"I'm worried about Megan and Pete," she confessed, when we'd gotten settled down, undressed, snacked and refreshed.
Tethys immediately looked concerned. "Did something happen to them?"
"No, they seem totally happy together. They're always making goo-goo eyes at each other, even when they're fucking. Megan doesn't even close her eyes when she orgasms, she just stares into Pete's if they're facing each other. If they're not she'll be staring at his balls or some other part of him while she cums. Has she ever done that with you?"
"I think she's kept her eyes open occasionally when she cums with me. She has a very sexy and intense stare when she orgasms," I answered.
"I'll tell you a secret," Tethys broke in. "I've watched her fuck every man in the tribe multiple times, and she has big orgasms with all of them. But you and Pete are the only ones she consistently keeps her eyes open with while she cums. She did it with Carl a couple of times, but not nearly as much as with you and Pete. The other thing I, that I'm sure you have noticed, is that you and Pete are the only men she sings for while she fucks."
"I did notice, but I thought she was singing for herself or for the audience, not for me."
"It's for you. And now it's for Pete, too," Tethys persisted. "Until she met Pete, I'm sure she was in love with you, more than she's been for any other man. She loves you more than anyone else in The Tribe, except for Pete."
I didn't have time to protest before Rena broke in. "But that's the problem. She's in love with Pete, and she's out of control. I don't mind her being in love with you, Taylor. All the women are, to tell you the truth." A blush appeared on both her cheeks and her chest as she spoke. "But I don't know if Pete can handle it."
"What... what do you mean, all the women?" I stammered.
"Just shut up and accept it," Tethys smiled. "It's obvious to everyone else."
"But what do you mean about Pete?" she asked Rena. "Has he said anything to you?"
"No, not yet. Maybe he can't. The problem is, Megan is a slut. She's totally oversexed. She wants to fuck him every chance she gets, and then she wants to fuck everybody else, too." She paused and took a deep breath. "And I'm a slut too. I' want him to fuck me, and Megan is trying to talk him into fucking me as well, but I'm afraid to pursue it."
"Wait a minute. I've seen him fuck you a couple of times during our Sunday gatherings," I pointed out.
"That's just for gang bangs," Rena answered. "It's almost anonymous. I want him to fuck me with just the three of us, or maybe with Hera too. Something where its more personal."
"What's wrong with that?" Tethys shrugged.
"He wasn't brought up that way," Rena's voice was almost a plea. "He was raised religious and conservative, and his parents are going to hate Megan and me, and all of us!"
"You weren't brought up that way either, and look at you now," I pointed put.
"I wasn't brought up at all," she frowned. "I had no training or guidance about sex or relationships. When I got pregnant with Megan, I didn't even know how it had happened. Until Megan dragged me up to meet all of you that day, my only experience of sex consisted of lying on my back and closing my eyes."
"And like Taylor said, look at you now!" Tethys exclaimed. "You can call it being a slut if you want, but being a free and independent woman who is in charge of your own sexuality and unashamed of it is a very good thing!"
"Not if it makes Pete and his family hate us it's not!" she glowered.
I suddenly recognized what I was seeing. It was the old Rena, the one that Megan had introduced us to almost four months ago. On that day she had been angry with us, angry that we had led her daughter into such a risky world, an anger born of fear. I didn't think it was an unreasonable reaction at the time, considering the place she was in.
My immediate urge was to explain logically to Rena that Pete had disavowed his conservative upbringing, and had spent a lot of time and deep thought coming to an understanding of his own sexuality, and an acceptance and embrace of Megan's. I thought it should be obvious to her that a guy who engages in gang bangs on Sundays wasn't exactly worried about his family's reaction to him fucking his girlfriends' mother. I'd spoken to him at some length the previous Sunday during breaks in our weekend sex marathon, and he'd seemed completely aware of what he was involved with, and any emotional, moral or philosophical qualms he might have once struggled with had been happily resolved. I didn't follow that urge, though, because I could see Rena was in no position to hear it.
It was Tethys who, as usual, came to the rescue.
"What has Phoebe told you about Pete?"
Rena paused for a moment, the question was unexpected. "She told me how much Hera loves fucking him. She said she loves watching their threesomes up close. She said that he does this little twist to her clit ring that makes her squeal." She couldn't suppress a giggle at that.
"You know, Pete really likes you," Tethys continued. "He said he thinks you're a great mom, and you're super hot. He said he hopes that Megan is like you some day."
Rena looked at us, confused. I had a contribution to add.
"Pete told me he'd like to do a threesome with you and Megan, He said it would be hot and kinky, and Megan would love it too. He didn't know if you would go for it, though. He's afraid you'll think he's too immature for you."
"Immature?" Rena snorted. "I'm probably the most immature person in The Tribe. Megan and Angela are experienced experts compared to me. Megan told me she wanted us to have a threesome, and she wants me to fuck Pete on my own, but I thought Pete would be revolted by that idea."
"Well, he's not," I answered. "He wants to slide his hot throbbing cock into your soaking wet cunt and make you quiver and scream. He wants to see his cum leaking out of your pussy and watch Megan licking it if off your lips."
He hadn't actually said those exact words, but I didn't think the idea was inaccurate.
"But I'm not tight like Megan, and I don't have her control of my pussy muscles. He'll think I'm too loose and sloppy."
"Sloppy is good. And I've fucked you plenty of times, and I don't think you're loose at all. Your cunt tightens nice and snug around my cock, and I love how it feels. Haven't I said that to you, Tethys?"
"Oh, yeah," Tethys agreed. "Rena, you're a sexy, desirable woman and every man and woman in this Tribe is attracted to you and wants to be with you. You have nothing to worry about with Pete. He's completely in love with Megan, and he's completely turned on by you."
Rena sat in silence on the sofa for a few moments. She seemed unaware that her legs were slightly splayed, providing a good view of the open entrance to her pussy. Tethys sat beside her, and knowing Tethys as I do, I'm sure she was aware that her own pussy was facing directly toward me. I took this silence as an opportunity to gaze with appreciation at the two beautiful women across from me. Tethys was hard-bodied, muscular and bronze, small breasted and lean across the waist and hips. Rena was olive toned, softer, more generous with her curves, larger and less perky breasts. Tethys had a head of wavy brown hair that just reached her shoulders, Rena's hair was longer, straighter and jet black. Tethys had hazel-green eyes, Rena's were sparkling dark brown. Both had beautiful shaved pussies, and those pussies were damp and glistening.
Rena finally broke her own silence. "If I'm so damn sexy, why isn't anyone fucking me?"
It was a reasonable question, of course, and Tethys and I both dedicated the rest of the evening to correcting that oversight. Once again, Tethys indulged her love of watching my cock sliding in and out of another woman's pussy. I spent a few thrusts idly wondering whether Tethys was so enamored of me fucking others that she'd never want to actually fuck me herself any more. She interrupted those musings herself, however, when I felt a wet and very active tongue titillating the rear of my ball sack as I knelt behind Rena, who was on her knees yodeling happily. And that was just the beginning. Tethys liked to do more than watch, she was an active participant who felt no conflict in her ability to add well-timed stimulation to both Rena and me, intensifying our sensations and leaving Rena limp, sweaty, breathless, and complete. Then, while Rena took a much-deserved break, she pushed me down, rolled me onto my back, and mounted me.
"You're going to cum deep inside Rena's cunt tonight, but not before you fuck me stupid!" she growled. It was no sensuous grind she wanted, she treated my loins like a trampoline, pounding down on me and lifting up so high my cock was just barely inside her, then slamming herself down again. Rena recovered well before Tethys was finished with me, and she complicated my situation by straddling my face. The sensuous grind came from her end.
The addition did have the effect of slowing down Tethys' assault on my cock, as the two ladies distracted each other, kissing faces and lips, mutual pawing and caressing of breasts, and running their hands up and down each others' bodies. They set up a perfect rhythm for me, mostly because Rena was squealing and squirming enough so that she would naturally move her pussy off my mouth momentarily often enough for me to keep breathing, and Tethys was working her vaginal muscles around my shaft so that my cock was feeling squeezed, but not so tight that I was going to lose control and cum inside her. Both of them managed a couple more orgasms this way, with Rena sending generous surges of sweet slippery goo into my mouth for me to savor before swallowing.
I marveled at the amazing women that had come into my life. Never had I imagined that anyone could be so orgasmic, so relentlessly, indomitably, indefatigably lecherous. Least of all these beautiful examples of femininity. It wasn't enough to overcome my preconceived notions, because I knew that these women were not typical. The odds of any man meeting women like these were vanishingly small - maybe because women are socially conditioned to reject such impulses, maybe because most women don't feel such impulses, maybe because most women don't meet men capable of triggering such impulses. Whatever the reason, I was sure that our little subculture within The Tribe was unique and precious, and I would do whatever was necessary to preserve and nurture it.
We stopped for a few minutes of rest, bathroom breaks, hydration, chats, and giggles. Once we'd recovered her strength, Rena was ready for me to fuck her again. Unlike Tethys, Megan, and most of the other Tribe women, Rena wasn't much for being on top (unless it was on top of a face). Her two favorite positions were doggy style and missionary. We'd already done doggy style, now she wanted me on top of her. At first, Tethys backed off to watch, and then to record us on video. It wasn't a polished presentation, as she kept putting the camera down to help out, and Rena and I both enjoyed her help more than we cared about the video.
Rena was still inexperienced, particularly in comparison to all the other ladies in our circle, but no one could beat her in enthusiasm. She felt amazing good, and I could tell that she'd been practicing control and strength on her vaginal muscles. It was more of a challenge than usual to avoid filling her with semen before we were all ready. But Rena was ahead of me there, too. About ten minutes before midnight, she pushed me away from her. I wondered if I'd done something wrong.
"It's time for me to try it. I want you to fuck my ass. Your dick is already slippery... Tethys, could you lubricate me?"
"Are you sure?" Tethys and I responded simultaneously. This was unexpected. I had a feeling that Rena had been developing at least a hypothetical interest in anal sex, she always seemed to put herself in a position to observe closely whenever anyone nearby was getting their ass fucked. She'd never actually mentioned it as a desire, though, and her ass was completely untrained.
"Taylor is kind of big for a first time, wouldn't Joe be a better introduction for you?" Tethys sounded concerned.
"Joe's not here, and I'm ready now! I practiced at home with a dildo, and I know I can do it."
"You practiced at home?" Tethys and I were both stunned.
"I was going to try it with Herakles later, but I want it now. I know you can make it work, Taylor, you know how to use your cock. You'll be gentle, right?"
"Well, sure," I shrugged. "I'll go slow, but don't hesitate to stop me any time."
Tethys ran to the bathroom and grabbed some lube. It wasn't something we were in the habit of using, I'd had the same tube ever since Tethys and I had become a couple. She smeared a little on the tip of my cock, and then a little more on Rena's virgin rectum. The magnitude of what I was about to do, and the weight of responsibility it entailed had a sobering effect on me, which was a good thing. My cock was not quite as rock hard as it might otherwise have been, which would make it more pliable working its way into Rena's ass.
Tethys grabbed my shaft and help guide it into Rena's pucker as she crouched on all fours in front of me. As the head slowly disappeared into the greasy exit hole, I felt the sphincter tighten just below the expansion. Rena gasped, and Tethys and I both halted. I wondered how Tethys was feeling about this, assisting with an undertaking that she'd shown no inclination to try herself. She and I were both the cautious ones at the moment, while Rena acted the adventurer. She apparently had indeed been practicing, because after only a few short pauses, I was all the way inside her. Tethys backed off, and Rena pushed her butt into me.
"Stroke slow," she panted, and I obeyed. I was surprised by how good it felt, and how tightly the ring of her sphincter wrapped around my shaft. My recent anal experience had been limited to Sonia, and early experiences had not been good, so this was very much a novelty for me. The feeling of heat, of a narrow tight grip opening into a wet cavity was unlike the sensation of pussy, and in some ways similar to the feeling of a mouth with lips closed around my cock, but without the tongue (or teeth), and deeper. The stimulation was easily enough to send me to orgasm, and from the reactions of Rena, helped by Tethys' fingers and lips as well as my thrusting cock, she was having no difficulties with orgasming either. It was a brand new source of excitement for her, and I knew she would be wanting to repeat it often in the future. If she wanted to repeat it with me, I could see myself cooperating.

************************

We made a toast to 2020, and then a memorial to 2019. For me, the last two years had been steady improvements over all the years previously. Meeting Tethys had revolutionized not just my sex life, but my entire outlook on life. I thanked Tethys for the blessing she had been, and she took it with humility.
"I was ready for you when you said 'hi' that night. I was enjoying Carl, but I needed something deeper. You've given me that and more. So I have to thank you. And," she winked, "Carl should be thanking you too. You've made his life better."
"He can thank me later," I smiled. "Maybe he can offer me a free workout or something."
Rena sighed happily. "I'm grateful to both of you. My life always revolved around Megan, and I was proud of her, but I didn't know how much she was missing... well, I knew she was missing a lot, but I didn't really know what. And then, when she met you two, I was really scared for her, but it turned ut you were giving her what she was missing. And then you helped me find what I was missing, and I didn't even know I was missing it."
"I think Pete is really giving Megan what she's been missing," Tethys added. "We're part of the picture, but I think Pete just might complete it for her."
"I'm still a little worried about him. But you've made me feel better about it tonight."
"You can stop worrying, at least for tonight," I advised. "Happy New Year."
"Happy New Year," the ladies repeated, and we snuggled together. Rena was asleep almost immediately. Tethys assumed what was turning out to be her favorite sleeping position, laying her head on my belly with me on my back, taking my cock into her mouth and suckling it slowly and gently. I can't begin to describe how much I loved going to sleep this way, and how much I missed it when Tethys wasn't there. She made little yummy sounds as she tasted Rena on my cock, which responded by expanding into her mouth. There was nothing in my balls, though, so she simply expertly kept me hard until she fell asleep. Even in her sleep, she didn't relinquish her suckhold on my cock, but her suckling movements became slower, softer, and intermittent. My erection faded some, but not completely. Nevertheless, I followed her into dreamland soon after.
When I woke to full hardness, her mouth was still encasing my manhood. My bladder was pressing, and I knew I'd have to end the pleasure shortly, but I held back as long as I could. She was awake, her mouth smiling around my cock, and enjoying my predicament. Rena was awake too, propped up on one elbow, watching us with a smirk on her face. Finally I tried to roll away.
"I have to pee."
Tethys made a popping sound as she pulled off my penis, looked at Rena, and said "You know what to do."
It seems they'd been awake for some time, and had already discussed what to do with my morning ritual. They followed me to the toilet, and like Megan and Hera insisted on doing whenever they slept over, Tethys and Rena held my cock, pointed it down, and aimed it at the toilet bowl. It wasn't easy, my cock was rock hard and put up a stiff resistance. Pushing it downward put pressure on my urethra, and it reduced my flow to a trickle. Rena was giggling like a school girl, while massaging my balls with one hand and aiming with the other, while Tethys guided Rena's had to make sure it had me pointed in the right direction.
"You girls aren't making this any easier," I groused.
"Be patient, we're not going anywhere," Tethys retorted.
My organ finally relaxed enough to produce a decent stream, and the mission was at long last accomplished. This was followed by a relaxing and pleasant shower that left the three of us tingling and clean, then a trip to the kitchen for breakfast. I was hungrier than I expected.
I wasn't sure what the plan was for the day, although I knew Tethys and Rena had something cooked up. Tethys reminded me that, New Years or not, today was a workout day, and the three of us needed to be at Carl's house in the morning.
"In the morning? What if everybody's hung over?" I asked doubtfully.
"Who in The Tribe is likely to be getting drunk?" Tethys responded. "Have you ever seen any of us drink more than a couple of beers or a small glass of wine? We're the most sober group of sluts you could ever hope to meet!"
I knew it was true. Megan and Pete would be there, they were always alcohol free. Tethys, Rena and I had each swallowed a small glass of wine to mark the New Year. Hera wasn't a drinker either. Henri was going to be hanging out with Joe and Joanne and Rick and Angela today, Phoebe and Heracles were enjoying an anniversary vacation, so it was going to be Pete and I versus Tethys, Megan, Hera and Rena working out at Carl's today. Outnumbered two to one, I wondered if Pete was feeling as intimidated as I was.
As usual, Tethys acted as coach. As usual, she was merciless. Each of us had a slightly different workout program that she had put together, and she made sure we followed it. There were four primary exercises, with multiple sets of each lift. Everyone did squats. Megan, Tethys, Pete and I did bench presses for the chest, while Hera and Rena were given dumbbell flies to do instead. We all did overhead presses, and Pete and I were assigned barbell rows, while the ladies did seated cable rows for the back. Pullups were given as accessory exercises for Tethys, Megan, Pete and I, while Rena and Hera did lat pulldowns with a cable. Tethys and Megan also did pushups, and Pete and I were expected to do more of them. Every third workout, we all did deadlifts instead of rows, and time permitting, the ladies did calf raises, while the men did dumbbell lateral raises and stiff-legged deadlifts. It was intense, but there were breaks interspersed as we finished each exercise group.
Embarrassingly for Pete and I, Tethys did the heaviest squats of any of us. She'd been doing them the longest, she had the best form, and Carl had been pushing her hard, when he wasn't fucking her over the bench. Pete and I both expected to overtake her eventually, with more training. But it wasn't going to be easy. I'd always been attracted to women who were strong and muscular without being steroidal-appearing, and Tethys was the epitome of that image for me. Her legs were firm and powerful, and she was almost certainly the strongest woman I'd ever known. Megan, of all people, was in second place, and she was still making rapid progress. She was by now experienced enough to have developed a good muscular foundation, and new enough to it to still have plenty of room for improvement. Pete was in neck-and-neck competition with her at the moment. He had a strong base from his years of landscaping work, and while he was brand new to the specific weight training exercises, everyone knew he would soon overtake all of us, except for Carl, of course, once he returned. I had room for improvement as well, and though I wouldn't progress as fast as Pete, Tethys assured me that if I kept at it, I would surpass her eventually as well. The idea of having an entire Tribe of horny, muscular hard-bodies was actually rather appealing, and all of us were motivated. Rena and Hera were the weakest, and Hera probably had the least muscular potential, but Tethys assured her she could improve her strength and fitness dramatically, and she was going to make sure it happened.
Rena had started out the furthest behind, being out of shape and overweight to begin with, but she'd taken to the training program with enthusiasm, and she'd lost a lot of weight and put on significant muscle already. She looked really good. At first she'd seemed older than her years, but as her body trimmed up and her outlook became more cheerful, she was looking much younger. I felt that once she stopped worrying about Megan so much, a few more years might fall off.
The real challenge of these workouts wasn't the actual weight lifting, but the sexual exercise that came during the break periods. This was another tradition begun with Tethys and Carl, well before I'd met her. Originally, it was fairly straightforward, if a bit kinky, one on one fucking between the two of them during their own breaks. Carl would typically cum inside her at the end of the workout. After Tethys and I became an item, things had become a little more involved. Turns out Carl had an extra kink for sloppy seconds, he loved fucking Tethys while my own semen was still inside her. We developed our own tradition of fucking before each workout. I'd cum deep inside her, she'd retain my sperm inside by some well developed vaginal control skill on her drive to Carl's, and then he would fuck it out of her and replace it with his own at the beginning of their session. Starting the workout well fucked might have reduced their peak performance slightly, but it sure never interfered with their dedication to the training program.
Now we had to adjust things a bit, since there were four women here and only two men to service them. Tethys, of course, took this as another coaching challenge, and she choreographed Our fucking along with our lifting.
"Pete, how good are you at holding back your ejaculation?" she asked.
Pete hesitated for a moment, then looked at Megan for help.
"He's getting better," she offered. "I mean, he's not setting endurance records like Taylor does, but he gives me plenty of time to enjoy myself. He's good at pacing himself between Hera and me, too."
"Can you feel your orgasm far enough in advance to warn us?" Tethys continued.
"Yeah," Pete nodded. "Actually, Hera and Megan help with that when they have me take turns with them. They tell me in advance which one of them I can cum inside, and I've gotten pretty good at letting them know so they can give me a squeeze or something."
"Okay, that's good. You and Taylor are going to fuck each of us as we go through the exercises. You'll fuck me first, but don't cum! Then you can fuck Hera, then Megan, and last you'll fuck Rena, and you'll give her all your jizz. Can you do that?"
Pete nodded, Rena looked wide-eyed, and Tethys continued.
"Taylor, you'll fuck Hera on the first break, then me, then Rena, and last you'll fuck Megan and cum inside her. I want you and Pete fucking Megan and Rena side by side, and I want you both to shoot your loads in them at the same time. Pete, give a signal before you cum in Rena, so Taylor knows to let himself go with Megan. He's gotten good at ejaculating on cue, so as long as you give some advance warning, we can make it work. I'll be making a video of that last episode. And we can do the accessory exercises with cum dripping out your pussies. Megan, I want to see you dripping during your pullups, and Rena, you can spread your legs a little during your calf raises so we can see you flow. Pete and Taylor, do your lateral dumbbell raises with your cocks still gooey, then we can eat them up when you're done."
"Yes, ma'am," I said, and Pete and I winked at each other.
It turned out to be an excellent workout session. All of us hit our lifting goals, all the women had multiple orgasms, and Rena had a twinkle in her eye as Tethys filmed closeups of her cum-drooling calf raises, and Megan's dripping pullups. Pete had fucked Rena with cheerful enthusiasm, and there had been four simultaneous and vociferous orgasms as we coupled side by side. Rena's concerns about Pete having second thoughts regarding his relationship with Megan were assuaged, and even better, Megan and Pete both agreed that Rena would be welcome to fuck them frequently. Hera's sexual relationship with her own father and mother didn't bother him after the first shock, and being part of a mother-daughter threesome suited him just fine. I'd been convinced on Sunday that he'd fit right in with our Tribal subculture, and now Rena was comfortable with the idea, too. And still, watching the dynamics of the entire group play out during the training session, it remained obvious that Megan and Pete were completely in love with each other. And, they were happy to share it.
We all went to lunch at one of the buffet restaurants that catered to a New Years day crowd, after somewhat reluctantly putting our clothes back on. In a nod to reality, even if modesty - and legality - hadn't been an issue, the first of January was way too cold to be running around town naked. The sexual tension that had been running so high for so long seemed at least temporarily dissipated. We ate, we laughed, we joked, and we chatted like friends. These women were my lovers, but they were all good companions, good people, and comfortable, affectionate buddies to hang out with. Pete, not to be too repetitive, fit right in. He had a great sense of humor and tended to focus on the absurdities inherent in everyday events. People who took themselves too seriously were frequent targets of his wit, and he had the entire table laughing at several of his stories. He did not match my stereotype of someone who had been raised in a conservative religious environment.
With all the socializing out of the way, Tethys and I finally had the rest of the day to ourselves. We spent a few hours at her apartment, where she worked on a painting that was about half finished. It was another variation of her Sea Goddess theme, which had become a continuing pattern for her work ever since the large one she had done over the summer. She'd been surprised at how quickly that one had sold, after it's rejection by the client who'd commissioned it, and the general idea behind it seemed to inspire her to explore several different approaches to it. It had opened up a creative well that seemed nowhere near running dry yet. Even better, all of the versions to date had sold quickly, and it was generating some attention from the collector community. Being sold from the shared Tethys and Hera website also brought views to her other works, and was helping boost Hera's sales as well. It made her working time very cheerful for her.
It was after dinner, when we were relaxing at my place, that I finally felt comfortable enough to bring up a couple of topics that had been on my mind. I was more than comfortable, actually. Tethys and I were laying on our sides, almost sixty-nine, but mellower. She had her pillow next to my crotch, where she lay her head at a distance to keep my erection conveniently accessible to her mouth and her hands. She gently, attentively, casually alternated between caressing my balls, stroking my shaft, kissing and licking the length of my cock and nibbling on my testicles, or hanging back simply to appreciate the view. I rested my own head on her soft but firm inner thigh, admiring the graceful ridge of her clitoral hood emerging seamlessly from the round padded mons, diverging around the cute pink nub of her clit, sweeping outward and into the delicate labial flaps, her tiny butterfly wings held open just enough for me to glimpse partway into her glistening tunnel that gave me, and a select few others, so much delight and joy. I inhaled the soft womanly scent that drifted off her warm moist pussy, and indulged myself in a few blissful tastes of her delicious womanhood, but at the moment we both seemed to be feeling more philosophical than horny.
"Tethys, sometimes I feel like I'm beating a dead horse, but do you ever stop and consider how unusual each of us are in this Tribe of ours?"
"Of course I do, all the time," she answered. "And then I'm always grateful that we're that way. If we were normal, we'd be pretty boring."
"If we were normal, I don't think we'd exist as a group," I mused. "Am I overthinking it, though? Or should I simply accept it as is, and not try to keep understanding it intellectually?"
"What's to understand? We've gathered together a very unique group of highly sexual people. We live a lifestyle that would make nearly all of our acquaintances and relatives blush or gasp in horror. And I myself am very happy for it. Does it bother you in some way?"
I squinted in concentration. "I guess it does. It must, or I wouldn't be obsessing so much on trying to understand it. Personally, I didn't even think of myself as highly sexual until after we started seeing each other. Long after, actually. I knew you were unusual right away, of course, that was no secret. But I thought I was just a normal guy with a girlfriend who had kinky quirks. A lucky guy, no doubt about that, but I didn't think yours were quirks that I actually shared."
I'd never noticed it before, probably because we'd never engaged in actual conversation from this position, with me speaking almost directly into her pussy, but I could see her vaginal opening contracting and expanding, and her outer lips crinkling slightly, in time with her words, almost as if they were articulating along with her.
"Everybody's unusual, in one way or the other. We happen to be unusual sexually. I'm sure there are a lot more like us out there but because we're unusual, we're hard to find as individuals. Like you said, we're lucky. We're lucky we found each other, and we're lucky that we're not only sexually compatible but our personalities mesh well too."
"They do at that," I agreed. "I'm just curious about how these things evolve. Like I said, I didn't think of myself as unusual until I was with you. When did you notice your preferences were different than most?"
"Probably the first time I saw porn. I was hooked on it immediately, I loved it. I felt like it was speaking to a part of me that I hadn't known about before. I did know that I was a bit different in some strange ways, but I never could articulate it before that. Once I saw people fucking on screen, instead of disgusted or put off, I felt like I'd discovered my calling."
"You're still that way," I smiled, leaning forward to kiss her clit.
"My parents told me it was an addiction, and tried to make me see a therapist, but I refused. It wasn't an addiction, it was an inspiration. It didn't lead me to do anything I wasn't already interested in. It didn't give me any regrets. It's not like I was trapped into watching things I didn't like. I never went for sexual violence, or hostility, or domination or humiliation. I wasn't all that enamored of anal sex, although I watched it if everything else was fun. I really found that I liked porn that featured group sex, or the woman on top, bi ladies, athletic people, big dicks, and definitely shaved genitals. And another turnoff for me was women wearing high heeled shoes while fucking. I know a lot of men go for that, but I never saw the point."
"Some guys think it's glamorous, I guess," I said as I dipped my tongue gently into her opening. This was a fun position.
"Well I spent a lot of time searching for the kind of stuff I liked, and I was eager to try it out as soon as I left home. There was no way I was going to do it with any of the people I knew in high school. That town was way too provincial, and I knew anything I did would be fuel for rumors. But as soon as I started college, I went wild. Fortunately, the fine arts community was nicely permissive about hobbies like that. I fucked a lot of men and women that first semester. I calmed down a little bit after that, but not by much. Of course my parents found out, of course they were horrified, and tried to bring me home. When I said no, they cut me off and basically disowned me."
I'd heard the story before, and it had always felt outrage on her behalf. I even felt my cock shrinking when she mentioned it this time.
"Hey, get back up here!" she ordered. "You know it didn't stop me. I found a couple of jobs, worked my way through my degree, and never came home. The problem was that after I graduated and was away from the campus, the lovers dried up real fast. It was hard to find men who either accepted me or respected me the way I was. That's the way our culture works. It wasn't until I met Carl that I finally felt free to be my sexual self again."
"And I didn't know who my sexual self was, until I met you. And then you introduced me to Sonia, and Hera, and Megan, and then the whole thing just blossomed into this tribe, and I feel like a totally different person." My erection had returned to its previous happy state, and Tethys took advantage of it.
"I knew you'd make me horny again," she said as she rolled me over onto my back and climbed on top.
"Tethys," I sighed as my spent dick began slipping out of her and my semen slowly drooled down my balls. "Do you still want to fuck as well as Mimi and Ray when you're their age?"
"Damn straight," she answered, looking down at me.
"Ummm... was it actually me you meant when you said you hoped we were fucking like that? I mean, together?"
Tethys looked down at me and cocked her head quizzically. "Of course. Who did you think I meant?"
I felt very foolish. "Ihopedyou meant me. I guess I'm still not used to thinking of a long term relationship as the same as apermanentrelationship."
She pulled up off my cock, and another big glop of cum fell onto my belly. Then she leaned over and lay down on top of me.
"You idiot. I said'we'didn't I? Did you think I envisioned two old people fucking separately, in different states, and calling each other on the phone to compare notes? Do you want a permanent relationship, or are you having commitment issues?"
"With you I want a permanent relationship," I answered into her hair as she nuzzled my neck. "You're the first person I've ever even had the desire to be with forever."
She raised her head up, stared into my eyes for a long moment, and then her lips descended on mine. It was a wet, supercharged, tongue-heavy kiss. It didn't feel casual.
"And what about the others? What about The Tribe. Are they permanent relationships?"
"Long term," I gasped. "Maybe there's a commitment issue there, but I don't think any of us can predict what's going to happen with everyone's lives. They all have primary commitments to someone else, and we will come second to those. I hope we all stay involved for as long as possible, but I don't see Megan, or Angela, or even Rick and Pete necessarily sticking around after they graduate. They have their lives to explore."
"And we don't?" Tethys raised an eyebrow.
"Well, you're an artist who sells online. You could live anywhere. If I were to go somewhere else - and I'm not saying I will, because I haven't even considered doing it - but if I were, I'd want you to come with me."
"That's very kind of you, but what if I got some kind of fellowship in Europe, and I had to move to a major museum or university in London or Paris or Leipzig or Florence or Bucharest or someplace similar? Would you prioritize your career in Texas over that?"
"I think there would be database jobs in those cities," I acknowledged.
"That's what a permanent relationship would mean," she said. "If there's a major decision that has to be made, we make that decision based on what's best for us as a couple, not on what's best for either of us individually. It changes our value system."
"That's why I said that The Tribe is a long-term relationship rather than a permanent one. Pete and Megan, Angela and Rick, Henri and Sonia, and Herakles and Phoebe have to go by the same considerations. And I don't know where that leaves Carl or Hera or Rena."
"You're right," Tethys whispered. "And that's the answer I needed to hear. These are all people that I love, but if we're a couple we have to put each other over all of them. But there's another thing we have to keep in mind as well."
"What's that?"
"I'm not monogamous, and I doubt that I ever will be. No matter where in the world we end up, I'll be keeping my options open for secondary relationships. And if I meet anybody that I want to bring into the relationship, you'll need to approve of them, and if you want to bring in somebody else, I'll have to approve too."
"That might get complicated," I said.
"It might, and that's my curse, but it's also my reality. If you have me, then you have my polyamorous inclinations, and you accept them."
"I've had worse" I smiled.
It really wasn't a problem for me to worry about, the reality was that as long as we were in Austin and The Tribe held together, Tethys wasn't going to be looking for any other relationships. We were both happy with the lovers we had, I had no intentions of going anywhere and neither did Tethys, despite her earlier speculation. If The Tribe were to ever disband, it wouldn't be the two of us that would be leaving. For at least the immediate future, our long-term relationship was the equivalent of a permanent relationship, but my now-assured truly permanent relationship with Tethys was on another level.
We spent most of Thursday with Hera at her house. It was interesting to see the projects she was working on. I wasn't surprised to see Pete's erection already modeled in porcelain, stoneware, and terra cotta. She had also began working on portrait busts of all of The Tribe members, it was uncanny to see my own face staring back at me in 3-D. She'd made an incredibly realistic sculpture of Megan riding on top of Pete, her torso arched backwards over his head in a classic reverse cowgirl posture, both of them with their legs opened to a full-porn spread. She was even working on a painting of a similar scene.
"You've been productive," I mentioned.
"Megan and Pete are quite inspiring," she grinned. "They love to model, and Pete has embraced his inner exhibitionist. I'm going to do a whole series based on The Tribe, I hope. I need to get one with Pete's cock in me, I need to get one with your cock in me, I need to get you fucking Tethys, and Rena, and pretty much every combination we can come up with."
"Who's going to buy this stuff?" I asked a little doubtfully.
"You'd be surprised," she responded. I've already got buyers. There's a bigger market for ceramic erotica, including hard core sculptures, than I'd ever expected."
"It looks fantastic," said Tethys, running her fingers over the statue. "How long did it take to make?"
"It went faster than you might think," Hera replied cheerfully. Erotic or not, she loved talking about her work. "I had plenty of photos to work from, and Pete and Megan posed in the position for me whenever I asked them to. I think they like sitting there with his cock just parked inside her. We put on a show like that at my parents house the other day, Rena and my Mom love watching them fuck, and even my dad has warmed up to it."
"Rena and your mom like watching anybody fuck," Tethys giggled, and Hera smiled back.
"Like mothers, like daughters."
The conversation naturally led to Hera having Tethys and I posing the same way, both of them sucked my cock until it was back to full mast, and then they took turns taking photos and videos of the other continuing the blow jobs. Once they were satisfied with those images, Hera took multiple photos of Tethys riding atop me, then they switched and Tethys operated the camera while Hera did the reverse cowgirl on my cock. Tethys made sure Hera's clit ring was resting on my shaft below her nub, clicked a few shots, and then directed the real action.
"Ok, you two, just fuck for real now, like your lives depend on it. I want to see your cock pumping cum up into that cunt, Taylor, you've had enough recovery time. Does that feel good, Hera? God, that's so beautiful. I want to see and hear both of you cum. Oh, fuck, I love the smell of fucking, I need to keep my face right up close so I can inhale it."
The sexy chatter from Tethys did its trick, and soon Hera was moaning her climax while I was grunting and spewing mine. When we were done, Hera mused, "I wish my Mom was here for that, she loves watching you fuck me, Taylor."
"I'm sure she'll get a lot more chances," I responded.
"Oh, yeah," said Hera and Tethys together.
It was nearly dark when Pete and Megan returned from Pete's family's house, where they had been helping maintain and inventory the landscaping equipment for the upcoming season. Pete's parents strongly disapproved of Megan, her lifestyle, and Pete's involvement in it, but unlike Rena's or Tethys' family, they had not disowned him over those supposed transgressions. They weren't exactly friendly to Megan, but they tolerated her, knowing that Pete would choose her over them if he was forced into a choice. They'd already had the argument, and had been rather shocked when Pete had refused to back down, proudly embracing his new polyamory, with Megan at its focus.
"They still can't quite accept it," Pete shrugged diffidently after this most recent encounter. "They think they just need to keep praying for me, and eventually I'll return to the fold like the prodigal son. What they can't comprehend is that I've found a whole new fold, and it isn't some material temptation or whim. I've considered this long and hard, and it's a more wholesome and humane philosophy than the one I was raised in."
Megan added, "I'll just keep being nice to them. They'll either end up feeling foolish or bitter, but if they see reason and come around, then everybody will be better off for it."
We relaxed for a while, simply enjoying the warmth of each other's conversation and company. It didn't have to be sexual all the time, even though it was inevitably going to become sexual sooner or later. But before we could do that, we wanted dinner.
"Let's order pizza!" Megan shouted.
"Are you going to deliver it? Don't you work tonight?" I asked suspiciously.
"Not tonight. I traded shifts. I'll need to work Sunday night, but I can still be at The Gathering most of the day."
"OK, you call it in, I'll pay. Do we need to wear clothes for the delivery guy?" I asked.
Megan thought for a second. "I'll take the delivery. I know who the guy is, and I don't think he can stand the shock of a bunch of naked people in the room, with one of them being a coworker. I'll just take it outside, so the rest of you don't have to get dressed."
Tethys turned to look at me. "Aren't you the big spender!"
"The job's going well," I smiled. "Take my card, Megan. And make the tip 25 percent."
Megan didn't ask what we wanted. By now, she knew, and if one of us wanted something different, it was their job to shout it out. We were happy with "the usual" tonight. As usual, delivery was fast, Hera's house was just north of the University, and the restaurant on Guadalupe Street was almost a direct line and one of the first stops on the route. Megan bundled up and waited outside when she calculated that the delivery time was approaching. Because she was Megan, and because it was her employer, she got a slight discount on the order, and as a reward to the lucky teen who took her shift, he got a wet friendly kiss from her in addition to the tip. It made his night.
"He really likes me," Megan smiled as she walked in with the big box. If he were just a couple of years older, he might like me even more!"
For a fast delivery establishment, the pizza was pretty good, made even better by the friendly group of beautiful naked people clustered close together sharing it. Before long, we were stuffed, and a little lethargic. Megan remained the bouncy one.
"Hey, how about a game of Scrabble!" It wasn't a question. I groaned, but agreed, Pete manfully acted enthusiastic, Hera humpfed but acquiesced, and Tethys just smiled. "Ok," she responded.
"There are five of us here," I reminded everyone. "A couple of us will have to double up."
There was an initial debate over whether a split was needed along lines of age or gender. For a moment Hera volunteered to pull out. "I can be the referee, and just be in charge of the dictionary."
"No, we can all read the dictionary together. This is serious business, we all need to play or none of us. And you're either with us or against us," Megan insisted with what I hoped was mock ferocity.
Soon we agreed that Megan and Hera should play as a team, and each of the rest play individually. I wasn't confident about any of our chances as singles, Megan was sharp as a tack, and Hera was no slouch either. Hera dismissed our concerns, claiming to be the least educated of the group.
"I'll just drag down anybody I team up with anyway," she maintained.
I decided it didn't matter all that much anyway. Scrabble is a game of luck as much as skill, and either you get a good selection of letters or you don't. It turned out to be an exciting game, each of us have good vocabularies, and there were a lot of imaginative combinations. It was Tethys who ultimately won, though, spelling out CHUTZPAH vertically on the left row, starting at line 8, receiving both a double letter score for the 'Z' and two Triple Word Scores for the whole thing, meaning a multiple of nine, giving her 306 points in one turn. We played two more games, and nobody came close to that. I had a 130 point word as my maximum, Pete managed a 140 pointer, and Megan and Hera got a 161 point combination. With all that, though, after three games, Megan and Hera had won two, Tethys one, while Pete and I were out in the cold.
"Something's fishy about this," I groused.
"Yeah, the game comes with an inherent gender bias," Pete grinned. "My sister beats me all the time."
"You have a sister?" Tethys and I asked simultaneously.
"Yeah, she's four years older than me, she majored in English Literature, she writes poetry, and she works as a receptionist at a law office," he answered.
"Does she beat you because she's female, or because she's four years older, has a degree in English Literature, and writes poetry?" Megan's tone was skeptical.
"It's gender, without a doubt," Pete nodded vigorously. Megan punched his arm.
By now, we'd recovered from the Pizza glut, and had begun feeling frisky. Megan put her hand on my thigh, and began stroking upwards, while Tethys and Hera looked on with mysteriously mischievous expressions.
"Pete has fucked me three times already today, but he's still got a little left," she said slyly.
"I don't think that's the kind of offer I normally go for," I stuttered.
"Dummy, she's not talking about you," Hera snickered.
"Well, I've got a little left too!" Megan added. "Who have you fucked today?"
"He hasn't fuckedyou," Tethys invited. "And he's got a little left too."
"So who's Pete going to fuck?" Megan demanded.
"He fucks me nearly every night," Hera broke in. "I don't know when the last time he fucked Tethys was."
"Gee, I can't remember either," Tethys smiled.
This had obviously been prearranged, and as usual, Pete and I were the only ones unaware of our assignments. My cock had risen dutifully at Megan's combined touch and insinuation, and Pete's was at full mast already simply at the suggestion.
"You wanna go side by side?" Tethys directed the question at Megan.
"Of course, and on top. I feel like singing."
"You sang three times already," Pete cut in.
"You should take that as a compliment," Tethys challenged him. "I'm not going to sing for you, but I don't plan on being silent, either."
"You can wail along in harmony," Megan laughed.
Pete and I lay down on the rug, on our backs, side by side, as the girls instructed. As had become usual for our sexual sharing, there wasn't a whole lot of sensuality involved, at least not in the romantic, tender sense. I suppose Scrabble was all the foreplay any of us needed. The fact that we'd all been fucking and cumming throughout the day also kept us at a bit of a heightened state. Subtlety wasn't what anyone wanted. Megan straddled my face and plopped her cunt down over my nose without so much as a 'by your leave.' I could only assume that Tethys was doing the same thing to Pete, but since Megan's thighs were not transparent, I couldn't tell for sure. Megan was very wet, and I had a passing sensation that I was being waterboarded - and I was ready to pass along all my secrets. Then she moved back a little, to maker her pussy more accessible to my tongue, while I could use my newly liberated nose tip to nuzzle her already swollen clit. She was not only very wet, she was also quite tasty. I had another quick realization, that I had never known her to be anything else. Wet and tasty was simply an existential state for her.
She let out a musical but nonverbal barrage of moans as she masturbated herself on my nose and tongue, and I helped along as best I could by slight shifting of my head position, curling my tongue strategically, and using my fingers to massage her butt cheeks and asshole, and help move her around. Beside us, Tethys was less musical but far more loquacious as she ground on Pete's face, instructing and encouraging him.
"That's it, eat me, Boy! Fuck me with your tongue! C'mon, stick it in me deep! Make me your face slut! Oh, fuck yes, taste my fucking flowing juice! Make my cunt your dessert! Lick it, Baby, suck my clit! Oh, fuck yes!"
I had to admit there was a bit of poetry in those words, and it inspired me as much as it must have inspired Pete.
Soon, Megan gasped and quivered, and her pussy released an extra gush of sweetness into my mouth as she came shuddering. She sat still for a minute, her hands resting on my forehead. Then she roused herself, pivoted, and lay down on top of me, her pussy still pushed into my face, and her mouth quickly enveloping my welcoming cock. I didn't know if she was doing it for her pleasure or my own, but either way I was happy about it.
I've read about the mysterious synchronicity among women who live closely with each other, that their menstruation periods unify to all happen upon the same timing. It seems to work with orgasms as well. It wasn't the first time that Tethys had cum simultaneously with whatever woman was alongside her in their shared sexual encounters. Her orgasm this time was high-pitched and drawn out, and beautiful to hear. And since she and Megan were now teammates, her subsequent actions were the same. Once she recovered she pivoted, and went down as the upper part of a sixty-nine over Pete. Now it was Pete's turn to gasp, the sensation was more than he could bear for long. Megan lifted her mouth off my shaft for a moment.
"Don't cum in her mouth, Pete. You still need to fuck her horny, hungry cunt!"
I'm sure that settled him down...
I could tell from the sounds that menstruation and orgasms weren't the only thing in sync here. Megan and Tethys were both deep throat devotees, and they were displaying their skills in unison at the moment. Whenever I felt Megan's upper lip slide over my scrotum, my cockhead deep within her gullet, I knew that Tethys was giving Pete the exact same treatment with the exact same timing. And, I knew that Hera was doing what her mother had so often done when we had fucked each other, recording it all for posterity, and someday we would hear her giggles from behind the phone after we had added this video to our ever-growing library of home porn.
Only a few minutes passed before Megan pulled her throat off my cock once more, and asked "are you ready to fuck?"
"I've been ready," I answered.
Tethys didn't bother to ask Pete. She rolled up and over his, and in one smooth motion, sat down on his cock, impaling herself onto it. Again, Megan did the same to me, at the exact same time. They were beautifully choreographed. But now there was a difference. Tethys humped Pete aggressively, powerfully, grunting as she slammed herself up and down on his groin. Megan slid herself back and forth, side to side, and up and down on my cock gracefully, smoothly, with a slow, even, circular rhythm. I knew why. She didn't want to grunt. She wanted to sing.
I was surprised by the song she'd chosen. I'd heard it before. Sonia had sung it during one of our Tribe's karaoke nights. For all I knew, she might be singing it on stage in China at this very moment, although the difference in time zones might have been a consideration here. It apparently had inspired Megan, and she sang it beautifully. It was a perfect fucking song.
It's like I'm powerful with a little bit of tender
An emotional, sexual bender
Mess me up, yeah, but no one does it better
There's nothin' better
That's just the way you make me feel
That's just the way you make me feel
So real, so good, so fuckin' real
That's just the way you make me feel
That's just the way you make me feel
It was Janelle Mone's "Make Me Feel," and it was about as erotic a song that you could sing in public.
You know I love it, so please don't stop it
You got me right here in your jean pocket
Laying your body on a shag carpet
You know I love it so please don't stop it
It's like I'm powerful with a little bit of tender
An emotional, sexual bender
Mess me up, yeah, but no one does it better
There's nothin' better
We weren't in public, but Iwason a shag carpet. I glanced slightly over to the side, at Tethys perched atop Pete, who was lying beside me. I couldn't see his face without turning my head all the way over, and I felt doing so would break the spell enveloping the four of us. I'd see it soon enough, when we could review the video Hera was making of us. I had a pretty good idea anyway, just from seeing what Tethys was doing, and the expression on her face. She had gone silent, maybe to listen to Megan's song, but I knew better. I recognized the look. Her eyes were barely open, their focus inward. Tethys usually liked to be vocal when she fucked, with a lot of creative nasty talk and narration around the sensations she was feeling, but sometimes, and now was one of those times, she concentrated deeply and internally on those sensations, feeling every grain of texture, every vein of the cock that she so tightly gripped inside her, studying with the nerve endings inside her vaginal walls each twitch and movement, both her own and that of her lover. Her muscular control was exquisite, and she was slowly grinding on Pete's shaft while milking its flesh within her. I knew exactly the feel of those muscles, and I knew how helpless Pete would be if he tried to resist. I also knew he wouldn't resist.
Megan was an enthusiastic lover, skilled, talented, powerful, and graceful. I have a special hardon for muscular women, and while Megan wasn't quite in the same class as Tethys in that department, she looked, felt, sounded, tasted and smelled magnificent. But she wasn't as practiced or experienced as Tethys, and didn't have the same fine internal motor control. In fairness, no one did. Even Joanne, who had many years more experience fucking a wide range of men of different sizes, shapes, and fucking techniques, and who could unleash a wicked barrage of powerful and well-controlled pussy contractions, fell short of Tethys' deft virtuosity and vaginal dexterity. Tethys was an artist in more than just paint and canvas. Pete didn't stand a chance.
To Megan's credit, after she finished her song with a long, squealing and undulating orgasm, began to look towards her mentor, and soon was matching her rhythm. I knew she wasn't matching the internal pussy palpitations, but it still felt wonderful. Even better, it was a skill she wanted to learn, and she had the natural talent to do it. Tethys and I had discussed it, and we'd both agreed that she'd get there, and at a far younger age than Tethys had mastered the craft herself.
Pete began bucking with a suddenness and ferocity that surprised Megan, me, Hera, and especially himself, but not Tethys. She knew exactly how to carry him through his orgasm, and imparted an intensity to his orgasm that would surely have made him collapse had he not been lying down. Tethys released her own orgasm at just the right moment to correspond to his, and as soon as she caught her breath, began to laugh with the natural joy of the occasion. Her laughter was infectious, although it was expressed differently in each of us. In Megan, it triggered another climax, a stuttering, laughing one. Hera giggled, and I felt a deep upwelling of happiness and pride in my beautiful friendships. Pete groaned, then moaned, then began a long laughing spell of his own. Tethys pulled off him, and used her famously powerful vaginal muscles to close off her opening, preventing almost all semen leakage.
"Wanna snack?" she offered to Hera, who handed the phone off to Pete. He'd recovered enough of his faculties to point the camera lens at Tethys lying back and opening her honey pot to Hera, who dove in between her legs to suck up the newly released hot cream. Megan was positioned at the perfect angle to watch the adventure, and a hungry smile sparkled on her lips as she continued her motions over my cock. The sensation on my shaft was wonderful, her pussy was unique as was that of all my lovers. She was naturally tighter than Tethys, but the muscle control of her kegels was slightly less well developed, making her grip less powerful overall. But she was plenty snug, the geometry of her love tunnel was well matched to my wide flat "flight deck" of a shaft, and what her vaginal muscles lacked in power they compensated for with a well-coordinated pattern. There was a texture I could feel inside her that stimulated me like no other. And now, she wanted me to cum.
"Shoot it, mother fucker! Fill me the fuck up with your fucking man-milk! Goddam it I want your sweet cum inside me!"
Her wish was my command.
It was my third time today, and I didn't expect much in the way of volume. I hoped Megan didn't expect it either. But I can only hypothesize that Scrabble has a wonderful affect on recharging the seminal vessicles. Pizza apparently doesn't hurt either. The biggest influence, though, had to be the visual, tactile, olfactory and aural contact with the sexy and beloved group of people I was sharing time and space with. The sight of nubile and erotic female flesh, the sounds of orgasmic and lewd moans and sighs, the sharp and delightful aroma of sexual desire and fulfillment all conspired to shift my semen factories into overdrive production. It wasn't by any means the greatest volume of cum I'd ever produced, nor was it the most viscous fluid, but it was enough to give Megan the sensation of liquid glut that she wanted.
We both remained motionless for long moments, gasping for breath, and smiling loudly. My cock had given all it could, and it was past its mortal limits. There was no gradual fade of extra wet, gentle long strokes. The poor organ shriveled up as soon as it squeezed out its last drops of semen, and flopped unceremoniously out of Megan's pussy and onto my belly. Megan leaned down and pushed her lips hard into mine, and we shared a passionate, happy, tongue-tangled kiss of celebration. Then she pulled up, leaving a few drops of cum that had dripped onto the base of my shaft and pivoted around, shoving her pussy hard into my mouth. Her own mouth went to work on my crotch, licking and sucking every drop of sexual ooze that had collected on my person, while allowing my own semen to dribble freely into my mouth.
I licked up my mess, curiously testing the taste. It was definitely sweeter, milder, and runnier than when it was less diluted, and it wasn't at all unpleasant. Megan obviously agreed with me, and she slurped loudly and happily. When we finally disentangled, I noticed that the others had already finished cleaning up each other, and they were watching us, with Pete pointing the phone camera our way. Megan gave them a big shiny-cheeked smile, and Tethys came over to lick the last traces off my own shiny cheeks. Then we collapsed in a happy heap.
After a mass of orgasms like ours, it was hard for our little cluster to not feel completely relaxed. The question that had been hovering around my brain for a long time fluttered back into it, and I posed it to everyone and no one in particular.
"I'm wondering when each of you realized that you were not monogamous." I'd made it as succinct as I could.
Pete grinned. "In my case, it was when Megan told me I wasn't. It was just an acknowledgment of reality. She said she would never be, and as long as I was going to be her man, I wasn't either." He shrugged. "I can't say it's been much of a sacrifice so far."
Megan gave his arm a mock punch. "You could have had yourself a nice little preacher's daughter, how can you say you haven't sacrificed?"
"Hey, I've heard stories about those girls," Hera chuckled. "Maybe he would have gotten a great fuck!"
"Yeah, but only one," Megan harumphed. "As it is now, you get seven!"
"Eight," Tethys reminded her. "At least when Sonia gets back. She's gonna eat Pete alive."
"Oooh, I can't wait!" Megan grinned. "You'll be begging for mercy, Pete, and begging for monogamy!"
"He won't," I said. "Sonia's a pussycat, and we have pictures to prove it. Now, back to my question!"
"I knew the second time I delivered Pizza to Tethys and you," Megan went on. "I already knew I was turned on by threesome and group sex porn, but I thought that was just a private kink of my own until you two invited me to share with you. After that, there was no way I could ever go back to one on one."
"You went one on one with me," Pete pointed out.
"That was just to get you hooked. A clever ruse on my part." Megan paused. "Ok, I'll go one on one when there's only two of us available. But you know what my preferences are. And always will be. It took my mom a while to accept it, but I think she's come around just fine."
Oh, yeah!" Tethys laughed.
Hera spoke up. "I've always known. Maybe even before I saw my first porn picture. I can't remember a time when I ever thought of myself as settled down and married to one man. My mom said I was 'boy crazy,' and I think that was literally true. Sex addict is probably a better word. She didn't try to stop me, though. She embraced it. She's just that way. Her little girl can do no wrong, and if little girl wants to be a slut, then Mom's going to help her be a successful slut."
"Would you say you were successful?" Pete asked.
"No. We went through all the dating sites, flagging men of all kinds of descriptions, and I spent about two years dating two or three of times a week. I rarely had more than two or three dates with any one guy. I must have fucked over two hundred men. Most of them I ended up chasing off, I was too much for them. A few of them were too creepy even for me. A couple were scary."
"If it was just a couple in that big a group, you were lucky," said Tethys.
"Well, we did try to screen them in advance. My mom did a lot of that. But when I met Vicki and Patrick, totally outside of the dating site world, I knew what I really wanted was not just lots of men, but men AND women. I didn't realize I was bi until then. So I thought I could be happy as part of a threesome. And I mostly was, until they decided they weren't happy that way. After that, my dating site slut days were over, I knew that wasn't what I wanted, and I started thinking I wasn't going to be able to get what I wanted. So I threw myself into my art, and stayed celibate until I met Tethys, and then Megan and Taylor. When my mom saw that I was fucking again, I think she had an orgasm right then and there, she was so happy. My dad was happy too, but he controlled it better."
"So, do you still consider yourself a sex addict?" Pete asked again.
"Absolutely. But a fulfilled one."
"I don't think I was completely aware of it until I had my final fight with my parents, and they turned their backs on me," Tethys ruminated. "I was dating a lot, and there was nobody I was really satisfied with, but at the same time I was happy with the amount of sex I was getting. I was going on pure sex dates, because I liked the guys enough to fuck, but not enough to want to be a couple. So I usually had two or three that I was alternating among. My parents hated that, but they didn't get out of control until they realized I was fucking all of them and had no intention of trying to narrow down my choices. I was happy just having fuck-buddies at the time. I thought it would change once I had my degree and a steady job, but again, there just wasn't anybody I felt like I wanted to live with. There were several guys I enjoyed fucking, but I didn't like any of them enough to want to settle down with. My parent couldn't stand the thought of having a slut for a daughter. They were more religious and less tolerant than your parents, Pete. Very self-righteous. They tried to get me to have therapy to cure my sex addiction, but I told them there was nothing wrong with me. I wasn't addicted, I just enjoyed sex, and I wanted it on my own terms. I can't say they kicked me out, because I was already supporting myself by then, but they did shut me out of their lives, and I wasn't about to come begging to get let back in. I found myself happier without them. I did try a few more times over the years to find steady relationships, but one thing or another always led to a blowup. Usually the fact that I would get restless with one man. It wasn't until I met Carl that I really understood what I wanted, and Carl wasn't the judgmental type. He was a fuck-buddy too, but a very special one. Then I met Taylor, and we quickly went beyond fuck-buddy, but he also understood and accepted me as I am. So here we are, and I'm finally in a happy relationship with happy relationships."
"I do hope your parents accept reality one of these days," I said. "I would go insane if my family disowned me."
"You have a nice family, Taylor. It's not like mine. I don't miss my parents at all. I'm surprised I'm not an emotional basket case after growing up with them."
"Maybe being a slut saved your sanity," Hera smiled.
"Well, I wouldn't go so far as to call myself sane. Nor you, Taylor," she leaned over and kissed me along with giving me a friendly pull on my cock. "But I'm the happiest slut I've ever been."
She didn't let go of my cock, although I was still spent and just softly enjoyed the attention. "I'm like you, Pete. I knew I was non-monogamous when Tethys told me I was. Actually, not even then. First she had to foist Sonia on me, then Joanne, and finally Megan and Hera before I finally got the memo. So, I'm slow, but I'm here."
We hadn't discussed whether Megan, Hera, and Pete were going to spend the night, but after a bit more pleasant conversation, they decided to go home.
"Pete has another load of jizz in him, and Megan and I want to keep it for ourselves," Hera teased.
"Well, I'm not going to make a claim on it," I promised.
"Don't feel threatened on my account," Tethys advised. "I already got my share."
"That big bed's calling," Megan answered. "And it's calling me."
They had been welcome to stay, but I did enjoy having Tethys to myself the rest of the night, polyamorous or not.
I slept deep and long, tangled up with Tethys, and awoke feeling more energy and alertness than I had in some time. Tethys and I were still taking advantage of the holidays, we had nothing planned, and I was still a little drained from the night before. We decided that sex would be better if we waited until the evening.
We were just discussing our next move, when we both got messages on our phones. It was from Sonia, and she'd sent us links to a video she had posted. She'd been regularly sending quick text updates, and we'd had occasional chats to keep up, but being on the other side of the world, across the international date line, made these opportunities somewhat inconvenient. What we were getting now, though, was qualitatively different. It wasn't a quick video, it was almost a full documentary, looking professionally produced. It focused on a single recent concert in Shanghai. The band had been working its way slowly north through the major coastal cities of China for the last month, spending a few days in each, holding two or three concerts. According to the schedule, there was one more Chinese stop to come, Tianjin, before hopping across the Yellow Sea to dates in Seoul and Busan in South Korea, and finally finishing off moving up through Japan. They expected to be home by the end of January.
"I'm so ready to come home!" She announced in her narration. For all it's production quality, the video was available only to those of us in The Tribe, or as it seemed to me, we got a special edition of a more generic video meant for broader consumption.
The nearly hour-long production included lots of shots of Sonia on stage singing, with backup singers, interactions with her musicians, audience shots, and some backstage scenes. Carl made a few appearances, mostly silent, waiting in the wings. The main impression I got from the presentation was... Sonia looked good! The well-done choreography didn't hurt, nor did her glamorous and mostly revealing outfits. She strutted and sang with her powerful and delightful voice, looking and sounding to me a lot sexier than Taylor Swift could dream of. It was more raw than Beyonce, more explicit than Janelle Mone.
I surprised myself with my first thought, it was wondering what Pete would think of her. As far as I knew, he had only seen photographs of her. The live version would have to be irresistible. I was sure, though, that Megan would not be satisfied until she had watched him fuck her. I suspected that Sonia would enjoy fucking Pete as well, although I couldn't be completely sure. I'd never seen her go for anyone quite so young before, although Rick wasn't all that much older, and he'd been considerably shyer when Sonia had first taken advantage of his innocence. But as far as I could remember, she'd only fucked Rick a couple of times, and if I were to be honest, she'd shown a lot more consistent interest in me, Joe, Carl, and of course Henri.
"How well do you think Sonia will like Pete?" I asked Tethys when the show was over.
"She'll be happy he's here on several levels," she answered. "First, she loves Megan, and to see Megan with a genuinely good man of her own to make her happy will thrill her. Second, Pete is a very good looking guy, and she'll appreciate the eye candy aspect alone of having him around. Third, he's smart and philosophical, and I think she's going to enjoy his intellect. Fourth, she's as aware of any of us that we have a gender imbalance in The Tribe, and having Pete will help balance it out. And fifth, he's a great fuck with a nice cock, and she's going to enjoy putting him through his sexual paces."
"I was just thinking that she didn't seem all that enamored of Rick when he first showed up."
"She likes him, but she's just not all that much into training inexperienced guys, and Rick was too shy to encourage her much. Also remember that she was pretty distracted by getting ready for the tour, and she wasn't around much. Once she comes back, she'll like him a lot. Rick's a lot more confident and experienced now, and he's got some fine skills if I do say so myself. As for Pete, he's already learned a lot since he first showed up, he's naturally outgoing, and by the time Sonia gets back I'm sure he'll be more than worthy of her attention. Rick and Pete both will be."
"I'm looking forward to her and Carl getting back. It'll be nice to see The Tribe whole and together. I have a feeling that 2020 is going to be a good year," I reckoned.
"I have no doubt," Tethys smiled.