"Oh, my God! I'm so sorry! I didn't know!"
"It's okay, Mrs. Campbell. You didn't know."
"He was looking in your window and when I saw him with the camera ... "
"I know, I know. It's okay, Mrs. Campbell."
"What if he's dead?"
"He's not dead." MacKenzie sat up, wincing and gingerly rubbing the back of his head. "What the fuck did you hit me with?"
The tiny elderly lady proudly held up her walking stick. "Packs a wallop, don't it?"
Shana did her best not to laugh as she helped MacKenzie to his feet. "You did a good job protecting me, Mrs. Campbell. I appreciate it."
"Protecting you? Shit, she nearly took my head off!"
"Next time you jerk off, son, show a little ass. I might not have hit you then." The old woman cackled as she shuffled off and Shana just shook her head, chuckling as she watched her depart.
"Is she for real?" MacKenzie went over to his camera, pleased to see that the woman hadn't smashed them up.
"Yeah, she's been my neighbor for a long time and she always looks out for me. She's a lesbian."
"Oh?"
"Yeah. I always make sure to dry off in front of the window in the morning so she can watch."
"Pretty obliging, don't you think?"
Shana shrugged. "It's the least I can do. She doesn't have much time left on the Earth. It doesn't hurt to give her a thrill." She pushed the grim thoughts away. "How did the pictures come out?"
"I won't know till I get them developed." He handed the folded tripod to her. "What possessed you to start without me?"
"Same thing that women experience every day. You were taking too long."
"And you couldn't wait?"
"No." She hefted the equipment and headed toward the front door, once she saw that he had his camera and bag. "Haven't you ever just gotten off because you had to, right then and there?"
"No."
"No?Never?"
"Never. If I feel the need to get off, I wait until I get home."
"Are you kidding? How do you keep from cumming?"
"Think about something else."
"That doesn't help me. I have to do it right then."
"Like in the elevator?"
"Like in the elevator. Like just now, in my living room."
"Would you do it any place?"
"Any place, any where, any time."
MacKenzie smiled, putting a fresh roll of film into his camera and snapping the back shut. "Then let's go."
* * * * *
St. Paul's Cathedral was one of the most beautiful churches in the city and MacKenzie had always wanted to use its gorgeous stained glass windows and cool, veined marble as a backdrop. They had to wait until ten before the elderly janitor unlocked the doors and were able to sneak into the main sanctuary once he headed upstairs to do his weekly dusting.
"How do you know his schedule?" Shana whispered, crouching in the foyer beside him.
"I've been photographing this place for years, waiting for the right time. Come on. We have to hurry because he doesn't spend very long up there."
MacKenzie grabbed her hand and quick-walked as fast as he could to the confessionals, opening the priest's door and marveling at the dark red velvet that lined the seat and the rich burnished wood of the box itself. "Wow, pretty nice."
"Yeah. Come on. Let's hurry."
MacKenzie prepared the camera and flash as Shana stripped, assuming various poses in the tiny space. He felt his cock come to life again, watching her stroke her luscious body through the tiny eye of the viewfinder. There was something exciting about watching her. It wasn't like many of the pornos he'd seen. It was different. Something about her pulled you in and made you care, made you want to see her reach her climax, made you want to know that she was thinking of you all the while.
Shana bent over, her shapely ass facing MacKenzie and rubbed her nether lips, making sure to spread her glossy juices over the bottom edges so he could see. He dropped the camera for a quick minute, licked his lips, then raised it again, focusing on her pussy and she wished that she could lean back and feel his tongue on her hot flesh. She pressed her finger in deep and fully leaned against the wall, letting her other finger plunge deeply into her asshole at the same time.
MacKenzie's gasp mirrored hers. He watched her plunder her own body, hands moving in concert as she brought herself closer and closer to the edge. His body tingled, feeding off of her passion and her desperation to achieve release and he fought to keep both hands on the camera body, instead of shoving one beefy paw down the front of his pants. She came again, this time wiggling the finger in her asshole as the others remained deeply sunken into her pussy and to the pleasure of his quickening heart, she called his name as she tripped.
Catching his breath, he took a few more pictures, then handed her the skirt and blouse. "Why'd you call my name?"
"Because I was imagining that I was fucking you."
MacKenzie didn't have a chance to reply. The janitor had seen them and shouted from the balcony, angrily gesturing with his dusting wand. MacKenzie grabbed Shana's hand and they ran like hell, out into the bright sunshine, laughing all the way.