Hi everyone! This is my first ever story, so be gentle, but feel free to let me know some things that could use some changes. I love to read comments from readers so please comment!
***
It had been a lovely day. Lucy had been home all day, like normal and she had spent it edging, also normal for women like her... well, for women in general really. She had gotten to be so horny all the time that the people around her weren't surprised by it. When the maid arrived for the day, she had found Lucy edging on the couch while cuddled in her blankets, and her footie pajamas were unzipped exposing her breasts. Lucy absolutely hated having her titties covered so it was rare when they were. She was watching porn where littles were humping pillows. They were allowed to cum and they did so loudly. The maid pursed her lips in a mockingly sad expression, "Awww is the little slut gonna cum this time?"
"Uh uh! I'm a good girl!!" Lucy cried out as she humped her Star Butterfly pillow with abandon.
The maid smiled, proud of the good girl, and started to clean up the breakfast that daddy had made while listening to the moans of the girls in the porn videos as well as Lucy moaning and yelling out all the slutty things she could think of.
"Ohhhhh! I have a pretty pussy! I like to rub my pretty pussy!! I'm a good little slut for daddy! Ohhhhh!!"
The maid finished up the dishes and noticed that Lucy's slutty admissions were starting to simply turn into lewd moans. "Lucy!" She yelled into the other room, "You better not be cumming!"
She heard Lucy cry out from the other room in frustration while the sounds of a girl cumming sounded from the television. The maid took Lucy her morning snack of chocolate milk and peanut butter crackers. "Lucy, sweetie, you know cumming is bad for you!"
Lucy was laying on the sofa humping the air, her mind was telling her not to cum, but her body was trying it's best not to listen. "I wanna cum! I wanna cum! I wanna cuuuuum!" She whined.
The maid put down the food on the side table and sat with Lucy to pat her hair and help the poor girl. "No Lucy, you're confused. You don't wanna cum. Cumming is bad. Cumming makes you feel sad and upset. Your daddy is only looking out for you, sweetheart. You don't wanna disappoint your daddy! What if he comes home needing your pretty pussy and you don't want to help him because you're so sad and upset from cumming!? Not only would you feel terrible about not being ready for daddy, but you would definitely kick yourself later for passing up an opportunity to take daddy's cock! You know how much you love his cock!"
Lucy whined some more but nodded her head and her hips slowly stopped humping at nothing. "I do love daddy's cock." She slowly looked at the maid and smiled up at her. "Thank you. I almost was a bad girl. It's just so hard! I do love daddy's cock and all I wanna do is suck on it but daddy is at work!" The smile faded and tears formed in the little girl's eyes.
The maid thought for a second. "I know! Why don't we video chat with daddy?"
Lucy sat up immediately. "YAYYYYYYYY!" She jumped up and ran to her room. "I have to get ready!!"
The maid called Mr. Stroaker on the television. His face appeared on the large screen. It seemed to take up the whole wall. "Hello, Miss Cummins. What can I do for you? Is everything okay?"
"Well, everything is okay but Lucy is struggling tremendously. She wanted to call you. Is that okay?"
"Sure thing. I've got a few minutes before my meeting. I can help her."
"Daaaaddyyyyyy!!" Lucy ran into the room and bounced up and down gleefully. She was wearing her pastel pink and white striped knee-high socks, her crotchless, pink silk bloomers, and her mint green cardigan, unbuttoned. She could feel her titties jiggling as she bounced and saw daddy's eyes immediately focus on them. That made her feel so proud she bounced some more.
"How's my good girl?" Daddy crooned.
Lucy twisted her torso from side to side, making her titties sway for daddy. "Ummm... well, I'm really horny daddy. I want your cock." She began to whine. "I want it in my mouth and I wanna taste your cum. I want you to put your big cock in my pussy and fill me up. I want your cock in my ass so I can show how good I can take it for you daddy."
Daddy sympathized with Lucy. "I know sweet girl. Go get your pink dildo."
"Really?!" Lucy squealed.
"Really, but you'd better hurry up. I only have a minute before I am going to be called into my meeting." Daddy warned.
Lucy ran as fast as she could and returned with her dildo.
"Alright sweet girl. Lay on the floor."
Lucy laid on the floor and the maid, seeing that Lucy was in good hands, went to clean up the house.
"Now little one, show me how well you rub your pussy for me."
Lucy started to rub her pussy through her panties.
"No, no, Lucy. Take off your panties. I can't see anything with them on. Don't you want me to see your pretty pussy?"
"Oh yes, daddy!" Lucy quickly took off her panties and threw them across the room. She began rubbing her pussy, which was gushing.
"That's better. Now, what do you think about when you rub your pussy for me?"
"Um, well, I think about you fucking me so good."
"You and I both know there's more to it, darling. Tell me all of it."
Lucy blushed. "I think about you fucking me in front of people daddy."
Daddy pushed her. "Aaannnd?"
"And they all are super turned on by my sluttiness and they play with themselves because I make them so hot. I'm such a good girl for you and everyone is jealous of you." Lucy's hand started rubbing faster.
"Alright now, little one, show me how well you can take that dildo in your ass. Make me proud."
Lucy grabbed the dildo and turned to get on all fours facing away from the television. She reached back and positioned the dildo right at her entrance. "Mmmm daddy and everyone is watching me take this dildo in my ass. They know I'm such a whore for you daaaaaaaaaddy." She pushed the dildo in as she spoke with a look of intense concentration on her face. "They can see my ass stretch out for your cock and they can see how helpless and trapped I am like this and they know it makes me wet." With Lucy's legs apart and her ass sticking up to take the dildo, her juices began a slow drip from her pussy, so slow that they dangled for a while until her pussy gushed again to give it enough weight to sink to the floor, creating a puddle.
"Yes, that is quite obvious." Daddy replied.
"Wow, Levi. She really is quite a juicer. Lucky man!" An unknown voice remarked from the television.
Lucy froze.
"Its okay little one. Keep going. You still haven't finished and I expect you to take that whole thing, young lady." Daddy sternly instructed her.
Lucy began to push the dildo in again but she didn't speak now. Her ass had clenched with fear and it was harder to push it in. She was being watched by someone else. Daddy's boss she guessed.
"Just a moment, Hank. My little girl was too horny to last without me so I'm just helping her out. Won't take a minute." Daddy's voice sounded.
"No, no, of course. Little girls come first. Well... metaphorically speaking." His boss joked. They both chuckled while they watched Lucy get the whole dildo in her ass.
"Uuunnnnhh." Lucy groaned.
"Now little one," Daddy said, "lay on your back with the dildo in and show Mr. Wertz your beautiful figure. We want to see all of you."
Moving carefully, Lucy did as she was told. She spread her legs wide as she lay on her back and her titties flattened a bit but her nipples were putting on a fine display.
"I always love seeing the little lady, Levi." Mr. Wertz was standing behind daddy looking a Lacy through the screen. Lucy was so embarrassed, she couldn't look back.
"Alright, show Mr. Wertz how well you rub your pretty pussy for me." Daddy sipped from a coffee mug on the screen.
Lucy began to rub her pussy, which was sopping wet so there was immediately the sound of her hand masturbating herself with a dildo in her ass for two grown men on a television screen. *squish* *squish* *squish* It wouldn't take long to cum like this.
Lucy began to moan out. "Uhhhhhhhhhhhhnnnnnnn."
"Good girl. You can do it." Daddy encouraged her.
"How does she ride? Phenomenal, I bet." Mr. Wertz asked.
"Ha! You bet. Her pussy is always ready for me and she is always warm and wet. She is a great ride." Daddy bragged.
That made her gush and rub faster. "Oh, daddy! My pussy is so ready for you now! Please come home and put your big cock in my pussy daddy!"
Daddy shook his head and chided. "You know I have important work to get done sweetie. I cannot come home right now. Your pussy is just going to have to do without for another few hours."
Lucy rubbed and began to cry. "But daddy! Please! I want to cum so bad and if you don't come home and fuck me good, I might be bad!! I'm so scared daddy!" She was getting close. "Please, daddy let me cum since you can't come home! Please, I wanna cum! I'll do anything you want! Please let me cuuuuummmm!" She cried out loud.
"What a cute thing she is. It must be hard not being allowed to cum. But she can't be allowed to make those choices, after all, with the addled mind of a woman confusing her so." Mr. Wertz advised.
Lucy was on the edge now. "Daddy please may I-"
"No. Lucy. Stop now." Daddy's voice was firm and clear. Not calm and relaxing anymore.
Lucy removed her hand and her hips automatically pumped into the air trying to get any friction at all against her clit, but of course, it was fruitless. Lucy whimpered.
"Quite right, Hank. Women can't be allowed to make those decisions. If I left her to it, Lucy would cum hard right here and now and then where would she be? Feeling depressed. My job is to keep her happy and safe. Isn't that right my good little slut?" Daddy asked.
Lucy was still breathing heavy on the floor. She had a sad face but she was hearing the words of her daddy and Mr. Wertz and understood that they were right. The only way she would be happy was if she could edge and empty her mind of the worries of the world. She couldn't handle them. She nodded. "Yes daddy," she said breathlessly. "You do such a good job. I'm so happy being kept needy and I wouldn't feel comfortable enough to do this at all if I didn't feel safe. Even though you allow someone else to watch me rub my pretty pussy, I know you will protect me." The knowledge of being under his protection made her want to touch herself again. "Daddy, can I rub myself again now?"
Daddy and Mr. Wertz smiled, amused at her horniness. "Are you going to cum, Lucy?"
She remembered her mantra. "No, Daddy. I am not going to cum. Cumming makes me sad. Edging makes me happy. I am a good girl and good girls don't cum. Daddy knows what's best." She recited.
"Then you may touch yourself again you little slut." Daddy teased. "It's time for me to go to my meeting now little one. I trust you can be a good girl for me until I get home and maybe I'll bring you something special."
Lucy squeaked with excitement. "Eeeeek!" She clapped her hands and wiggled on the floor.
"See you soon my good girl." Daddy reached to turn off the chat.
"What I wouldn't give to have a hot little slut like that suck my-" and the screen went black.
The maid came back into the room. "Alright, now that you've been a slut for daddy and his boss, are you ready to have your bath?"
Laying on the floor, Lucy nodded. The maid came and kneeled in front of her open legs. She gently and slowly pulled out the dildo in Lucy's ass. "Uuuuhhhnnn." Lucy moaned.
"Now, I've got a nice hot bubble bath all ready for you and I put some toys in it too." She spoke as she pulled the dildo out.
Lucy opened her legs as wide as she could to help the maid get the dildo out. She concentrated and breathed out like she had been taught. Finally, her ass squeezed out the last bit of the dildo which made Lucy groan again and shake with delight.
The maid grabbed Lucy's snack, helped her up from the floor and lead her to her bath.