(First off, thank you to everyone that has rated, Favorited, and commented on this story so far. This was just a goofy idea that I had one day, and I never thought it would be this popular, nor would I get this many chapters out of it. Thank you for all the encouragement. Hearing how much everyone likes my writing is what keeps me writing.
Typical disclaimer: This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well.)
When Aahna approached the door of her apartment, she could hear Chen and Mike moaning pleasurably from inside. No matter how many times she heard this, it still gave her butterflies. Sex and orgies were a part of everyday life in their apartment now, but it still felt especially erotic walking in on them having sex. Like she was catching them in the act.
Aahna opened the door and walked in. Both Mike and Chen were butt naked with Chen bouncing up and down on Mike's lap. Her head was thrown back as she groped her breasts. Mike looked over and said, "Hello beautiful, h...hooooooo...hooooooow was your day?" Aahna guessed that her walking in on them made him cum inside Chen's pussy. Which, just on cue typically triggered Chen's orgasm seconds later.
Despite both cumming, Chen continued to squirm and bounce on Mike's shaft, as cum streamed out of her pussy around his shaft and to the floor. Aahna set a case down and -seeing his balls covered in cum, she couldn't resist. She got to her knees and quickly sucked the cum off his balls. She made a point of Eskimo kissing Chen's clit while she was down there, before standing and kissing her friend to share the cum.
What she didn't share, she quickly swallowed and plopped down on the couch beside Mike. She gave him a quick peck on the cheek and idly traced her fingers through the lines of his abs. "My day probably wasn't as fun as yours, but I did get some exciting news."
"Oh, yea, what's that?"
Aahna's fingers moved from Mike's stomach up her friends butt and started tenderly caressing her low back. Aahna had never really been into woman before moving in with Mike, but after their encounter with Sophie, her feelings had changed. "In my photography class, we have a special project that we have to do. The professor has a really high quality slow motion camera. She is letting us take turns taking it home. We have to film something interesting and unique in Slow motion."
"That sounds like fun. Any idea what you want to film?"
"Actually, I was hoping you would let me film you cumming."
That caught Mike's full attention, which made his next cum blast surprise him. He sat up and grabbed a hold of Chens tits as he shoved his face into her back. As he was coming down from his high, he placed a few tender kisses on the woman's back. Those sensual pecks sent erotic chills up her spine and an orgasm spasmed through her entire body seconds later.
Mike collapsed back onto the couch attempting to catch his breath. Chen looked back at Aahna and said, "Your turn." Then she scurried off to the bathroom to clean up.
Aahna quickly stripped naked, which didn't take too long considering she stopped wearing underwear not to long ago, and straddled Mikes lap. He was flaccid, but she knew it wouldn't take much to get him hard again. She was already starting to notice a little rigidity returning as she slowly jerked him up and down with her hands.
"So, what do you think?"
"I think you are better at jerking me off than I am." Mike joked.
Aahna laughed, before sliding his now hard shaft into her tight pussy. Mike's eyes rolled back into his head. Every time he slid into a pussy, it felt like the very first time. "I meant about the slow motion ejaculation?"
"Oh, I don't know. Who all is going to see it?" Mike said nervously.
About this time Chen walked back into the room, still wearing nothing. She had a towel and was ready to clean up the mess they made. She got to her knees and started scrubbing the cum off the floor below the couple.
"What, you're suddenly shy?" Aahna mocked.
"I've always been shy, it's just you turn me on so much, that I can't think straight when opportunities like at the pool present themselves."
Aahna smiled, leaned forward and gave him a peck on the lips. "Good answer." She said with a smile on her face. The smile turned to shock when she suddenly felt a tongue rimming her butt hole. She looked back at Chen. "What are you doing?"
Chen pulled back and looked embarrassed. "Sorry, I was going in to suck on his balls, but I got sidetracked. Did you not like it?"
It was Aahna's turn to blush. "Well, I didn't say that." She didn't want to admit to how it made her feel. She'd had anal sex, but being rimmed by another girl was something different entirely. Aahna actually wanted it to continue, but didn't want to admit that. "Umm, you...you can keep going if you want. I...I don't really mind, you just surprised me."
When Mike heard this, he stiffened even more inside her, which turned Aahna on even more. Mike reached out and took a cheek in each hand. He spread them apart so that Chen could have better access.
Chen's tongue returned to its activity. Aahna tensed and squirted hard all over Mike instantly. The sight of what was happening, combined with her pulsing lips milking him for all he was worth, made Mike cum again. His mouth clamped down on Aahna's right nipple as he road the wave of his orgasm.
Aahna collapsed onto Mike's strong chest as they both gasped for air. Finally, Aahna was able to speak again. "Well, just remember, I'll be their with you."
Mike wrapped his arms around her and thought for a moment. He finally relented. He figured the only other person to see it would be her teacher anyways. They had one more quicky in the shower before going to bed together.
The next morning Aahna was gone before Mike woke up. So, he got up and went to the kitchen to cook breakfast. Chen was standing in there naked staring into the refrigerator. The sight of her made Mike swell a little. When she turned around, and he saw that her nipples were as big and hard as marbles from being exposed to the cold, Mike became fully erect.
Chen was excited to see his reaction. "I wanted cereal, but we are out of milk, do you think you could help me out with that?"
"Yea, let me grab my phone and I'll see if I can get some delivered real quick."
"No need." Chen said as she grabbed her bowl and dropped to her knees in front of him. She began blowing him in the kitchen.
As much as he was enjoying this, he was also really hungry. So, Mike grabbed a pan and a few ingredients and started cooking breakfast as she sucked him off. There were times when he almost burned his food because of how distracting the pair of lips around his member were, but he managed it.
Just as he was pulling his food off the burner, he came. Chen took the first few spurts in her mouth until she could grab her bowl and direct the remainder into it. She spit what she had collected in her mouth, into the bowl and added the cereal. Mike was shocked by how similar his cum looked to milk in the bowl. He guessed the consistency would be different, but he wasn't going to try it to find out.
They set down and watched YouTube as they ate. About mid way through breakfast Aahna got home. She gave Mike a peck on the lips and sat her bag down. Aahna noticed Chen's cereal and thought it looked good. "I'm starving, can I have a bite?"
Chen smiled and said, "Sure." Aahna scooped up a spoonful and shoveled it into her mouth. She instantly new what it was and savored the taste. "Yea, we were out of milk, so I had to improvise."
With her mouth still half full, Aahna said, "Good choice."
"Where did you run off too so early this morning?" Mike asked.
Aahna pulled a box out of her bag. It was a kiddie pool, the cheap small kind that you might get from Walmart. "I was getting supplies for the shoot. I thought this would keep things from getting too messy around the apartment."
"As your cleaning lady, I appreciate that." Chen joked.
Aahna set the pull up in the living room, followed by the camera. When she powered on the camera and started focusing it, she realized she didn't have enough light. This many frames per second requires a lot of light. So she went to her room and brought back her filming lights. Once they were set up, she tried again.
That still wasn't enough light. She opened the blinds which let a ton of natural light stream in. Still, not enough. She thought for a moment and then said, "I guess we'll have to shoot outside."
"I'm sorry, what?" Mike asked, sure he misunderstood her.
"Yea, that grassy area in the middle of the parking lot ought to do well."
"Umm, no." Mike felt embarrassed.
Aahna was confused by his sudden shyness. "You've walked around the apartment complex plenty of times in the buff by now. We even had sex at the pool. What's the problem?"
Being naked in front of complete strangers was a step out of my comfort zone. I only barely managed it because you were there. At the pool, it was just the two of us there. At least, I thought it was. But cumming is still kind of an intimate thing for me. You don't understand how weak and vulnerable I feel when it's happening. It's like my entire body is spasming at once. I can barely breath, and I can imagine the expression on face is super goofy. The idea of doing that in front of a bunch of strangers makes me really uncomfortable."
Aahna smiled, walked over to him, and kissed him on the lips. "Mike, I love your o-face. And the fact that you feel that comfortable around me, to let yourself get into such a weak vulnerable place so often, warms more than just my heart. But you'll be fine, I doubt anyone will be out their anyways."
"Are you kidding? It's a beautiful Saturday morning. Everyone will be out their today."
Aahna sat across his lap and gave him puppy dog eyes. "Please, I really need this for a good grade. Is there anything at all, that I could do to make you feel more comfortable."
Mike thought for a while. "I guess, if all three of us were nude out there, I wouldn't be so much the center of attention."
"Done." Aahna said.
"Hold on a minute." Chen objected. "I never agreed to that."
"Oh, come on, Chen. You just had an orgy with him and two other girls the other day. What's the big difference?"
"We'll be outside! Like he said, that ratchets up the sense of vulnerability ten times."
"I didn't want to do this, but you owe me."
"How?"
"The first night you were here, you used my semi-unconscious body as a sex doll."
Chen was horrified at being found out, but she tried to hide her fear. "No I didn't."
"Yes, you did. I thought it was simply a very realistic dream at first, but when I mentioned it in the morning, I saw the look on your face. You felt guilty."
"And to be completely honest," Mike added, "that was the reason I was actually up. I heard the moans coming from your room and I got too turned on to stay in bed."
Chen glanced back and forth between them. Realizing there was no use denying it, she said, "I'm sorry, he just got me so horny. I masturbated a couple times, but I needed real human touch." She paused and looked at them. She sighed in exasperation before saying, "Fine, I'll go out there with you."
"Yes!" Aahna exclaimed happily.
"Hold on, that's not my only requirement." Mike said.
Aahna rolled her eyes. "Alright. What else then?"
"Both of you have to masturbate while out there."
Both women jumped into a torrent of objections before Mike motioned them to calm down. "This isn't about me wanting to see two hot women masturbating in public..." He paused and thought for a second. "OK, it's not just for that reason." He smiled. "I also need you two to understand how uncomfortable this makes me."
They thought about this for a second, and realized he had a point. They wanted him to do something they weren't wiling to do. Even more, they had started to take him for granted. Yes, he was getting a ton of great sex out of this arrangement, but he originally just wanted companionship, someone to talk to. They, in a way, were using his disorder for their own pleasure.
Aahna was the first to agree. For her, it felt like less of a step. She had been in this environment longer, and she had even had sex with him at the pool. But Chen, despite the thrill she felt teasing Mike around the house, and the fact that she had been open to the idea of being in a porn. Both of those were closed sets, and she wouldn't have to see everyone's faces around her.
Guilt won out in the end, and Chen agreed to do it as well. Aahna was so happy, she kissed her friend, and then Mike. Aahna sprung to her feet and started stripping off her clothes. Mike had already been getting stiff simply from the conversation. Seeing his girlfriend strip pushed him into full on erection.
"Save that for the shot." Aahna said.
Mike felt a sudden pit in his stomach. He hadn't had to hold in a load in a long time. He just hoped they got to the shot soon, because he wasn't sure how long he would be able to hold it.
Aahna grabbed the camera and Mike was going to grab the pool, but Chen beat him to it. She ended up using it to cover herself for the walk out to the common area. Aahna walked proudly and boldly leading the pack, with Mike behind her, and Chen coyly bringing up the rear trying her hardest to cover her body with the pool.
When they reached the point in the grass that she wanted to shoot at, she sat the camera down and ripped the pool away from Chen. Chen was shocked by this and was immediately covering her pussy with one hand and nipples with the other. She thought about sitting to cover her butt, but that would require spreading her legs to squat down.
Aahna quickly got the pool set up and stepped inside. Chen just stared at her. By this point a few people had noticed them and were watching from a distance. Chen was turning red. "I'm sorry, I can't do this. I thought I could, but I can't."
Chen turned to go back inside, but Aahna grabbed her arm. They locked eyes and Aahna guided her into the pool with her. "I've got you, just focus on me." Then Aahna kissed her friends neck. Chen felt the fingers covering her pussy starting to get wet, as her mind started to get cloudy.
Aahna kissed her way up to her friends mouth. Their lips touched in a simple peck, but then Aahna teased her friends lips with her tongue. Then she wormed her tongue into her friends mouth. Instinct took over and Chen leaned into the kiss.
Aahna placed a hand on her friends stomach as they made out. The hand slowly slid up to the bottom of her breast, and then under her friends hand to fondle her breast. Chen's arm slowly slid away as she got more and more turned on. Chen then placed her hand on Aahna's back, before sliding it down to her butt. She groped and fondled it lustfully.
Aahna then slid her hand back down her friends stomach until she was cupping the hand that was covering her pussy. Aahna guided her friends hand over to her own pussy and had her rub her clit. When Chen slid her middle finger into Aahna, Aahna reached back and reciprocated the move on her friends pussy.
They groped and fingered each other as they made out. Their breathing got heavier and heavier as they continued. As they came simultaneously, Mike's cum hit them, and their legs gave out. Making them fall on their butts in the pool.
As soon as Mike finished, Aahna lurched for the trigger for the camera and clicked it. It was designed so that you could capture the last 30 seconds in slow motion. Then they heard clapping.
When they looked up they saw Sophie standing there in a snug plain white t-shirt, and really short jean shorts. "That was hot. Can anyone join this party?"
"Hey Sophie." Aahna said, as she stood up and hugged her. She didn't think about the cum that was covering her torso. She pulled away and Sophie's clothes were stained with the stuff. "We're actually doing an art project with a slow motion camera."
"That sounds fun." Sophie said. "Are you just trying to get the splatter in slow motion, or the firing as well."
"Both. Honestly, we are just figuring this out as we go along. Want to help?"
Sophie laughed. "Do I want to be taped in slow motion being covered in cum? Do you know me at all?" Then she started pulling off her clothes, releasing her massive tits into the sunshine.
"OK, hold on, lets review the previous footage first." Aahna jogged back inside to get her laptop.
Mike watched her tan cheeks jiggle only the tiniest bit as she hurried away. Then he turned back to the other two women he was with. Chen was still laying in the pool covered in his cum, propped up on her elbows. Sophie was standing right next to him idly tying with her nipples. He suddenly felt very aware that they were all standing around outside butt naked. Oddly enough, the only emotion he felt, was horny.
Aahna came back and plugged the camera into her computer. Once she downloaded the footage, everyone crowded around her to watch. She was sitting on the grass, Chen was sitting on her right, while Sophie and Mike were hovering behind them on their knees.
The camera had actually not been aimed right to get Mike's shaft in the shot, but it caught everything Aahna and Chen had been doing. The cum entered the frame from the left in a jagged line. It was so thick, that it almost looked like Spider-man's webbing flying through the air. The first stream impacted Chen's left cheek, stripped across her face, and then splattered messily all over Aahna's face as Mike was apparently trying to keep his stream on target.
Before the first stream had finished hitting Aahna's face, another one was coming into frame. It drew a line down Aahna's neck and made loops across her chest and tits. Surprisingly, the third stream was the thickest. It looked like someone threw a bucket of paint onto Chen's tits. This was the impact that knocked them over. The remaining seven streams landed all over there stomach's, legs, and in the pool.
While they were watching and commenting on the footage, Sophie reached over and started jerking Mike off behind the other two girls backs. He was fully hard and a drop of pre-cum was about to drip onto Aahna's back, before Sophie bent down and licked it off. He almost came right then, but she quickly let go as the footage ended.
"How about we get footage of him cumming in my mouth?" Sophie suggested.
Aahna looked up at her and said, "That sounds like a great idea."
Sophie climbed into the pull and dropped to her knees. There was a thin layer of cum coating the bottom of the pool now. She didn't seem to notice as Mike stepped up to the edge of the pool and his hard shaft was bouncing around in her face.
"OK, whenever you're ready." Aahna said.
Sophie immediately sucked his shaft into her mouth. Her head was bouncing up and down on it and sucking like it was her only source of oxygen. It was so hot, that Mike had to rest his hands on the top of her head for balance. In less than a minute Mike was blowing his load down her throat. What she couldn't swallow filled her mouth and then shot out all around his shaft.
Reviewing the footage, Mike was actually in the shot this time. The saw his balls tighten up so fast that the high-speed camera had trouble tracking it. Then they saw a lump the size of a golf ball, but about four inches long, travel up the under side of his shaft before disappearing into Sophie's mouth. It reappeared as the bulge made it down Sophie's esophagus.
When the next lump came, it puffed out her cheeks to their max capacity. The next lump was the one that she couldn't take. Lines of cum shot out of Sophie's mouth all around Mike's shaft. It was almost like a sideways volcano spewing white. Another jet came as Mike was in the process of pulling out of her mouth. It half landed in her mouth, and half covered her tits.
Several jets bounced off of her huge tits like they were timpani drums, before running down her torso and filling the pool even more.
The next couple hours saw Sophie's daughter Tina show up, as well as Isabella and a few other women that Mike had yet to meet in his apartment complex. They shot clip after clip until Aahna started worrying about his blood sugar. He was expending a lot of calories and fluids.
In between shots, Aahna turned to Chen and asked, "Could you do me a favor?"
"Sure, what?"
"Go inside and grab my purse. Run to the store and grab some pre-made protein shakes as well as sports drinks."
Chen understood the need immediately, as did Sophie. She stepped up and said, "I'll drive."
In their excitement, they completely forget to get dressed, or even wash the cum off their bodies. They drove to the nearest Kroger and hurried inside. It wasn't until they were walking down the first aisle that they realized their mistake. So many eyes and cameras were trained on them. But they were so horny that they couldn't stop themselves.
They were pushing a cart around, filling it with everything they could find that could help. Then the manager showed up. She was a strict looking woman in a business suit.
"What do you think you are doing?"
"Shopping." Chen said flatly.
"But...but... you're naked. And covered in, in..."
"Cum." Sophie said, as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
The woman looked furious. "I'm calling the cops. I recommend you get out of here." She turned to storm off.
Chen thought fast. They weren't finished getting everything they needed, but she didn't want to get arrested either. Then she remembered something that Mike had said to his research doctor Stephanie. Mike's cum was like an extreme aphrodisiac. What she was about to try, was extremely risky, but she had no other choice.
She scooped some cum off her chest and said, "Wait!"
The manager turned around and opened her mouth to say something. That was when Chen shoved her fingers into the woman's mouth. When the cum touched her tongue, Chen could see a sudden battle behind her eyes. She was furious and disgusted, but she was also suddenly incredibly aroused.
Chen could tell it wasn't enough though. Then she remembered hearing stories about alcohol soaked tampons. Apparently, it was really dangerous because a woman's vagina absorbed chemicals very quickly.
She ran her hand through her cum drenched hair, took a breath, and shoved her hand down the managers pants. She fingered the cum into her pussy. Chen's boldness stunned the woman long enough for the aphrodisiac affects to completely overtake her.
Her eyes rolled back into her head, and she started panting heavily. Chen started a come hither motion with her finger, and the woman's knees went wobbly. Sophie had no clue what was going on, but this was turning her on even more than she already was. So, she stepped up and stuck her nipple into the woman's mouth.
She began to suck instantly. Then she started licking all the cum off of Sophie's chest, neck, and face. Chen pulled her hand out and ripped open the manager's blouse. Her breasts were of moderate size and held in place by a boring tan bra. Chen undid the front clasp and started flicking the woman's nipple with her tongue.
Sophie slid the woman's top off before tackling her pants. The woman was in another world at this point, her face had mopped up nearly as much of the cum off of Sophie's face, as her tongue did. She was now licking the remnants off her lips, as Sophie started liking the manager's other lips.
It didn't take long for the manager, whose name tag read Cecilia, to orgasm. Her legs gave out on her, but Chen caught her. The woman's face was on Chen's breasts now, and she could smell the intoxicating scent of the cum. She began licking it off her tits.
When Chen's chest was clean and covered in saliva, Sophie stood and said, "I think she wants more cum. I have an idea."
Sophie then picked Cecelia up and laid her on the conveyor belt in the check out line. Sophie climbed up with her and straddled the woman's face. Mike had unloaded several times into her pussy before they left. She had been slowly leaking cum down her legs, but there was still a considerable amount inside her. Cecelia smelled it instantly and shoved her tongue into her pussy.
Chen was so high-strung that every nerve in her body felt like it was primed for pleasure. She climbed onto the conveyor belt as well and scissored with the manager. Sophie was humping Cecelia's face, and Chen was humping her pussy. All three were screaming loudly with pleasure as about 50 people watched and recorded from their phones.
They came several times until the final simultaneous orgasmic explosion that caused squirt to fly everywhere. It was like a Vegas fountain show, and it was even soaking many of the watchers.
The three women collapsed into a gasping heap. They wanted to just lay there indefinitely, but they knew they needed to get back quickly, for the sake of Mike. So, with unsteady legs, Sophie and Chen climbed off Cecelia and wobbled back to their cart. Cecelia never got up in the entire time they finished their shopping trip.
One brave soul actually stepped forward and started fondling her. Cecilia never objected, in fact, she grabbed the person and started kissing them. As much as Sophie and Chen wanted to see what happened next, they had to go.
By the time they got back, the pull was about half filled. Mike was laying on the grass, with his head in Aahna's lap, exhausted. They rushed over and handed her a protein shake. Aahna opened it and fed it to him. Chen explained what happened at the grocery store as Aahna continued to feed Mike a sports drink next.
"That gives me an idea." Ahana said. "Sophie, will you finish feeding him."
Sophie took Aahna's place as she centered the camera on the four girls relaxing in the pool. Then she started setting up the shot. Isabella and Tina would be in the pool tribbing, while the two new girls would be masturbating just above their heads.
In the final shot, they all came simultaneously. Squirt from the two masturbating girls shot across at each other, while the squirt from Isabella and Tina was directed straight up before raining back down on themselves.
While this was going on, Sophie continued to feed Mike. His eyes were closed as he drank and rested. After his third protein shake, he suddenly felt something poking into his mouth. At first, he thought they actually got him a baby bottle, and he was about to object. But then he realized the object was warm.
Mike opened his eyes and saw that Sophie was breast feeding him. No milk was coming out, but the mixture of sexiness and nurturing felt strange, but great at the same time. They ended up shooting for another couple hours until the sun went down.
As day turned into night, all the girls except Aahna were relaxing in the kiddie pool completely filled with Mike's cum. Mike was laying out on the grass looking up at the stars, with Aahna cuddled up next to him. Her head was laying on his shoulder as she traced circles on his chest with her fingers.
Mike was pointing out constellations to her, and they were sporadically chatting about unimportant matters. All that mattered to them, was that they were together. Mike looked down into Aahna's eyes and completely forgot about everything else that had happened that day.
"I love you." He said.
"I love you too." And they kissed before falling asleep together on the grass.
(To be continued.)