Marietta tried to hug and embrace her friend. Sonya said "No! Not while you have those clothes on! They feel awful!" She sat in a ball on the floor holding her knees to her chest and started rocking with tears in her eyes. Not knowing what to do, Marietta just gently laid a hand on her shoulder. Speaking softly, she asked, "Do you need met leave you be for a moment? I can still go to the store so we can shave your pussy."
Sonya looked up at Marietta with a half smile on her face. "Yes please, I need a moment to think about some things. I still will enjoy that." Tears continued to stream down Sonya's face. Marietta knew this was not the time to pressure the matter any further. Standing up looking at the naked goddess, she said "Don't stay on the floor like that too long ok? Maybe get something to eat or watch TV. I won't be gone long. Just keep your phone close ok?" Being careful not to let fabric touch her skin, Marietta kissed Sonya on the head and walked away.
Once Marietta had left, Sonya had some time to think to herself. "What do I do now?" She thought to herself. "It's one thing to be naked in my apartment but I can't just go around naked." Her pussy pulsed with arousal. Was she really getting turned on at time like this? She decided to ignore her pussy and decided to get up.
She walked naked into the kitchen, prepared a meal, and watch some TV. She watched a few shows and with a full stomach she started to feel better. Sitting naked on the couch felt great. Walking around naked in her apartment felt great. She tried to keep clothing out of her mind and just enjoy the moment.
Sonya then decided to sit at the computer. She figured she would research to see if anyone else had a similar condition. A quick search on the internet returned "textile dermatitis" but that doesn't seem to fit her anxiety and fear she was having toward clothing. Also, she did not have any skin conditions or blemishes with the exception of her breaking her bra as it dug into her skin. After a few more queries, she found a mental condition called vestiphobia. While she felt that could be closer to her current state, the fact she got aroused while thinking of being naked didn't fit this category either. However, it did explain the anxiety. After thinking it over some, she didn't like the fact of having to take pills or see a hypnotherapist to get fixed. "I don't need to introduce another strange stimuli so soon after fainting so much," She thought to herself.
Then, a devilish smile curled on her lips. Without thinking, she typed in "turned on by being naked". Reading the results, she stopped on a Wiki article about Exhibitionism. Even though Sonya was a grown woman, she had never dared to look up anything sexual online. Her reasoning was she might get sad seeing other people have sex while she had very few good sexual encounters. In fact her own self pleasure today had been better than what any man gave her.
Reading the article, her free hand began to drift down to her pussy. She was getting turned on looking at the pictures of naked people. It didn't matter if it was a man or a woman, she just wanted to see skin. This was the first time she had seen other naked people besides herself and lovers (and today Marietta). In fact, she usually avoided her reflection while naked. Today was the first day she actually studied herself in a mirror.
Then it happened. She found one Wiki article that would change her life forever. Unable to stop masturbating, she had to fuel her curiosity. Taking care not to cum quickly, she decided to pace herself. Getting more comfortable, she shifted her pelvis and spread her legs. Going back to her web search she typed "public nudity"
Porn sites returned in her search results. A part of her was shocked/nervous. Another part of her was turned on beyond belief. "You only live once," she thought to herself. Playing in her pussy, she clicked on the links and began to watch videos. Sonya's mind became a sponge. She looked at men naked. Women naked. They were outside or flashing, or masturbating in their car. Nothing else turned her on. Even when she stopped touching herself, her pussy only started to moisten when she was looking at women butt naked in public. Indoor sex wasn't enticing, They had to be outside.
The images and videos of women walking nude and barefoot in the streets really turned her on. Lost in her own world and lust, she clicked link after link. She wasn't ready to cum yet. She just wanted to see naked bodies outside and in public. She didn't want to see people wearing clothes. Sonya was loosing control. Her hips were bucking in the chair.
Suddenly, she heard the lock turn on her front door. Marietta was back home. Sonya had no time to react. She was caught naked in her living room masturbating to public nudity porn by her best friend. A video was playing in the background. A woman was masturbating furiously in her car as people walked by in the background.