AUTHOR'S NOTE: It's all the Ex's fault
It was intentionally written without names.
LEGALESE: Don't read this if you are underage, if it is illegal in your area, if it is offensive to you, or if you cannot distinguish fiction from reality. This is a work of fiction. All characters are 18 years of age or older.
Copyright (c) 2014 by Acup
I woke the next morning to my girl cuddled against me as a body was crawling into bed with us and under the comforter. "Well hello there." I said to our blond as she cuddled up against my other side. "What are you doing here?"
"Mmmmm, just got off work and thought I'd check in on you two."
I cupped a nice tit on each side, tweaking first the blonds nipple, then my girl ever so gently.
"Morning.." my girl said quietly, leaning forward for a kiss without opening her eyes. The blond met her over my chest for a quick but soft kiss and then they settled back in.
We laid there for a bit cuddling until I felt the blonds hand reaching for my firm cock. It was followed shortly by my girls hand on my now very hard cock. "You just want to get laid..." she said to her.
"Uh uh, thirsty..."
"You gotta share...."
"Always..." as she scooted down toward my now rock hard cock. Unlike the last time she didn't turn around, just scooted down and began a nice slow sensual blow job. Caressing and nibbling on my cock, licking and stroking while looking up at my girl every so often. While the blond was concentrating on my cock, my girl was cupping and playing with my balls.
No sense of urgency, just the ladies taking their time enjoying me. Watching my cock disappear between those soft lips, feeling her tongue swirl around the head when she did. Turning and bumping it against her throat while her hand squeezed my cock and my girls held my balls, rolling them gently in her fingers.
We laid there like that for a bit until my girl decided she needed more attention. It was just soooo terrible to see her slide up and put her juicy pussy over my lips. Tasting her sweat nectar as she lowered herself to me, the slightest hint of stubble against my lips. The velvet smoothness of her in contrast to her hard clit as I ran my tongue around it, her little gasp as I moaned into her pussy when the blond took me as far in as she could.
I was getting close when my girl reached up to her own tits and began cupping them and rolling her nipples between her fingers. She started rocking back and forth on my tongue and lips, grinding her clit into my nose while my tongue was stuffed as far up her pussy as I could reach.
I wanted my drink.... I slid my hand up from the back of the blonds head to my girls ass and slipped a finger into her. "OH FUUUUUUUCK!" my girl started shooting off into my mouth, breaking my concentration just enough to let loose in the blond. Matching blast after blast to the juices flowing into my mouth.
I pulled my finger from my girls ass and she laid back across me from the blond. The blond held my now soft but oozing cock out to her. I was jumping and twitching as she licked me clean. Then the blond did it again, she showed me a mouth full of my cum, then leaned over to my girl to share it in a long kiss. All I could do was lay there, watch, and groan.
After a bit they did turn back around and cuddle back up with me, but it didn't last long when the aroma of bacon drifted in from the kitchen.
We went out to find the black girl, naked, tits laid up on the island on display. The feminine blond in her lace bra and thong, and the butch fully dressed, but obviously without a bra, standing at the stove cooking.
"Damn, with all these beautiful women around I'd almost think I'd died and gone to heaven."
The black girl tuned to me and hefted her tits to me, "Why 'almost'?"
I pulled my girl and the blond to my side, "because for starters those two aren't naked." The feminine one gasped, "And second they aren't interested in me..." her mouth flapped I the breeze for a few seconds, then the girls all broke out laughing...and jiggling!
The butchy one pulled some biscuits from the oven, and set gravy, eggs, and bacon out for us to pick from. I took a biscuit and split it, covered it with gravy, and dug in while reaching for some bacon. "Damn you can cook girl, but where did the food come from? I know my frig was BARE!"
The feminine one got all smiles and puffed up. "She damn well better be able to cook, she's the executive chef at..." and rattled off one of the high dollar restaurants downtown.
The butchy one blushed a bit. "It's just breakfast, I ran out and picked a few things up while you three were messing around in there." Now it was my girls turn to blush.
"Either way it's excellent, thank you." and I raised a biscuit and gravy filled fork to her before swallowing it down.
The girls chatted some more about the Reno competition, then the two girls had to leave.
The four of us managed to get most of the most of the boxes unpacked, or at least unpacked and consolidated, by noon. We sat down for a quick sandwich, the place stating to look a bit more normal. The black girl took off after lunch, leaving me with my two girls.
I turned to my girl, "Any idea what you're wearing this afternoon?" she looked at me like she didn't know what we were talking about. "Meeting up at the mall.....so I can show you off some more...."
"Oh hell, I forgot about that..."
The blond was looking at us trying to figure out what we were talking about.
"We met an older couple a while back, and again the other day at the mall. They like to show her figure off a bit in semi revealing cloths, and even flash or accidentally show some skin if they can. We're going to meet them and maybe be introduced to some other couples as well."
She looked at my girl and started giggling, "Man what has gotten into you?!!!"
My girl just poked me in the side and grinned. "Him.... You could come with us if you wanted to."
"Oh it would be so terrible to have two hot babes with me..." I chimed in.
"Flattery will get you almost anywhere mister, but it's about my bed time. I've been up since ten last night."
"OK fine, go take your shower and we'll be out of here in a bit." I gave her a quick peck and a titty grope as I got up. The girls sat there a bit whispering to each other before my girl joined me in the bedroom. "What was all that about?"
She just grinned at me, "Girl stuff...." She went through what she had unpacked, but didn't have much to choose from, several nice tops, but only work skirts well below the knee.
"How about we do some shopping since we'll be there? You never know what we'll find."
"OK." She put on a nice lace bra and a thin button up top that let the lace show through with her nipples standing out and plenty of cleavage, slipped on some jeans, and we were off, grabbing her long coat just in case.
There was a fair amount of people in the mall, and she was getting her fair share of attention. I could only smile knowing she was with me. We wandered through several shops looking around, and came to another outlet of the same dress store chain we went into down near her old apartment. The real surprise was finding our sales girl there.
"Well hello stranger!"
"Well hello!" leaning over to give my girl the peck on the cheek, but almost making it a lip kiss. "What are you two doing up here?"
"He lives up here,....and now I do too! What about you?"
"Well congratulations! Me, I just got transferred up here last week. So are you looking for anything?"
"Skirts... some for work and some to wear out."
"Some to wear out and show her off." I corrected her. My girl just rolled her eyes....
"So what do you do?"
"Paralegal."
"Oh, sexy and smart!"
My girl snickered and the sales girl just grinned. "We have several to choose from." She led us back to the changing room. This one was a bit smaller, but the platform a bit higher and more mirrors. I got to sit nice and close and would get a nice view up her skirts if they were short enough!
She brought back several skirts and some skirt and jacket combinations. My girl was pealing off her jeans when she brought them back in. "So what's with the dye job?"
Without even looking up my girl responded, "It's not, the brunette was the dye job."
"OH...." And handed her the first skirt. She held a few up, to see how they looked, standing there bottomless like it was no big deal between skirts. She selected a few for work that came down above her knee, and even two that approached mid thigh if she pulled the waist up a bit. But they all had to be sized up a bit to accommodate her muscular thighs
With the skirt and jacket combinations she actually slipped the skirts on. Several were nice, and a few even sexy with deep neck lines.
One dark blue one the neck line came down to her bra band, and the bottom edge of the jacket within inches of the skirt caught my attention. "Hey gorgeous?"
"Yes handsome."
"Do me a favor."
"What?"
"Try that one without the top or skirt."
"HUH!"
"Just indulge me, please?"
"OK...." She stripped the jacket and skirt off, then pealed her top off leaving her in just her thin lace bra. "You're just trying to get me naked again..."
I just smiled, "Always."
She slipped the jacket back on and it was perfect. The neck line revealed just a bit of her lace bra, and the hem of the jacket came about three inches below her crotch. I stood up and walked to them, then ran my hand down the neck line against her skin, tickling the edge of the lace, then ran my hand in the flap of the dress to her bare, and wet, pussy.
"I knew you just wanted to get your hands on me." But she put her hand on mine to keep it against her wet lips. Then pulled them both back, licking her own juices from our fingers. Then she pulled the bottom flap aside revealing her bare pussy and most of her landing strip. "But I can't go walking around like this. I'd get arrested!"
"Nothing a safety pin wouldn't cure until you could get a few more buttons put on."
"So you can reach up my skirt and play with me while you're sitting there safely in your slacks!"
I just smiled.
"Well we can fix that." The sales girl chipped in.
We looked at her, and she leaned over to my girl, cupping her hand to whisper in her ear. My girl got an amazed look on her face and turn to look at me, before turning back to the sales girl for some more whispers.
My girl turned to me, lifting the flap to show her pussy and landing strip. "OK, I'll get this, and wear it with a couple of safety pins until we can have buttons put on." she paused to look at the sales girl. "But you have to loose the boxers..."
"OK"
"And we trim off one of your pockets so I can play with you too!"
I just looked at two grinning women, and just to sweeten the deal, my girl unbuttoned the bottom of the jacket and opened it to cup her tit and tweak her nipple.
"OK, I give up..."
She dropped the jacket, and then the bra, sauntering over to me naked as the sales girl slipped out. She had just unbuckled my slacks and was dropping them down when the sales girl came back in with the scissors. "I've always wanted to do this!"
She stepped forward with the scissors like she was going to cut the pocket off while I had them pulled down.
"Uh uh, he doesn't get off that easily. He's got me stripped down, I get the same. Besides, we have to get the boxers off first."
The sales girl grinned and worked the scissors in her hand. "I was going to get them off..."
I gasped and the girls chuckled. My girl was taking her time sliding my slacks down, rubbing her cheek on my hard cock through my boxers while she was kneeled in front of me. The sales girl was licking her lips watching her. She did at least take my shoes off before removing them completely and handing them to the sales girl.
With just a few snips the bottom of my right pocket was gone!!!!! She went to hand them back to my girl. "Un uh, we're not done yet."
My girl reached for the waist band of my boxers and began working them down SLOWLY, making sure my cock was standing out hard and proud. When she pulled them down far enough to make my cock spring back up the sales girl gasped. "Now that's what I'm talking about!"
She let my boxers fall to my ankles and wrapped a hand around my cock and began slowly stroking it. The sales girl was staring at my cock, frozen in place. My girl licked a but of pre-cum from the tip, moaning as she did, then looked over her shoulder at the sales girl. "Get down here girl, it's a MUCH better view," and scooted to one side a little.
The sales girl moved like a jerky robot, but stepped forward and kneeled down beside my girl, who was now giving me a nice slow blow job. She pulled back, still stroking me, but aiming my cock toward the sales girl.
"Isn't this nice dear? Getting your cock sucked in the dressing room. Are you thinking about where your cum is going to wind up?" she pulled me closer to the sales girl, the tip of my cock just out of reach of her lips. She winked at me, then said, "Makes you think you've died and gone to heaven."
"Almost."
Now it was her turn to smile, she knew I'd caught what she was doing. "Why almost?"
"Because she's not naked, and you're the only one sucking my cock."
"Well we can take care of part of that right now." She dropped her hand from my cock and used it to bring the sales girls hand up. With her other hand she nudged the sales girls head the last inch to my cock, and she just kept leaning forward taking me in and sighing.
My girl moved around behind the sales girl and put her hands on her waist before bringing them up under her tits and squeezing. She looked up at me smiling and raised an eyebrow, then reached down and began unbuttoning her top while the sales girl picked up her pace on my cock.
"We have a naughty little sales clerk here dear." She pulled back her top to reveal..."she has a nice tight corset on under her clothes." She ran her fingers up the front to the cups holding her tits up and out, a thin strip of lace over her hard nipples. "and barely containing her nipples too!"
With what seemed like a very natural move, my girl ran her fingers inside the cups, folding the lace in and letting her nipples stand out proud. She took her hands and headed for her skirt, pulling up the front with one, and sliding the other between her legs. "Oh and no underwear!"
My girl must have went for her clit, the sales girl squeaked and doubled her efforts on my cock. "Oh yea, that's it, suck that cock! You know he's going to blast off in your mouth while you cum around my fingers." The sales girl was starting to tremble.
"And you're going to keep it in your mouth to share with me aren't you?"
That thought was putting me right at the edge, but what ever she did to the sales girl set her over the edge. She grabbed my ass and worked me like a mad woman while screaming around my cock.
I grabbed her head and began pumping load after load into her waiting mouth. I know she had to have swallowed some for as much as I was pumping into her, but she did pull back and keep her lips around the tip of my cock to take the last of it.
When my girl let her pull back, taking my cock from her lips and licking the last few dribbles directly before taking the sales girls face in her hands and latching on. I saw her tongue dive into the sales girls mouth just before their lips met.
The sales girl held back for only a second before wrapping her arms around my girl for a nice long sensuous lip lock.
Oh to be eighteen again and be able to get it up right away.....
I stepped back and sat in the chair, my pants and boxers on the floor around the girls. They kissed and groped for quite a bit before finally coming up for air. And even then they had to give each other a few nice pecks and licks to make sure they got it all.
When they finally settled down, my girl brought my now modified slacks over to me and helped me into them, giving my soft cock a few strokes just to be a tease while the sales girl did up her top, but letting her nipples stand out a bit.
My girl stood beside me and put her left hand down in my now bottomless right pocket, grabbing and fondling my cock. "Now this is more like it!"
I of course reached over and cupped her bare but now dripping pussy.
"Oh no, we have to test this properly." She went back over and got the jacket, not bothering with the bra, and slipped it on.
When she leaned slightly my way to reach in my pocket, the front gaped open completely letting me have a nice look at her bare tit, "Oh this works for me!"
"Now all we need is a few safety pins."
The sales girl stepped outside, and I turned to my girl, sliding a hand in her new jacket. "Am I going to lick your pussy or is she?"
She gave me a quick peck, "Would you mind if I try to get her to do it first?"
"After that blow job, of course not. Besides, I can always do you again later!"
"That you can." She was reaching back into my slacks when the sales girl came back in, and started to hand my girl the safety pins. She stepped up on the platform, and turned to the sales girl, "Would you mind? It won't hang right if I do it bending over."
There was a bit of a smile on the sales girls face, "Sure."
As the sales girl was kneeling down to put the safety pins in, my girl winked at me again. "I'm still not sure honey, are you positive this doesn't show too much of me?" and lifted the flap to expose her dripping pussy.
"With the pins in place it will be fine, the real question is will I still be able to get to you to lick you when you're dripping."
"Oh babe that's not a problem. All I have to do is kick my knee out, and you have good access to my dripping pussy." she kicked her knee out and pulled the sales girls head to her, almost forcing her into her wet pussy. "Seeeee..."
Before she had even finished saying 'Seeee' the sales girl had dived in and was licking her like a starved woman. But with all the playing around my girl didn't even last thirty seconds before she was cumming in the sales girls mouth. She collapsed onto the platform with both hands on the sales girls head dragging her with her screaming all the way.
It didn't last long though, when my girl brought her thighs up and began clamping the sales girls head she pulled away, with a grin, but she pulled away. She turned to look at me grinning, her face now wet with my girls juices, "You two are anything but boring..." and leaned over to take one last lick at my girl, making her squeak and jump! LOL
The sales girl grabbed a towel and wiped her face and my girls thighs before getting her standing enough to put the safety pins in. As long as she was standing up it was fine, and even bent over a little she wasn't exposed, but anything more than about a forty five degree bend and her ass and pussy would be nicely visible!
We left our purchases and the clothes she wore in to pick up later, and headed out to make our rounds and see if we could find our elderly couple friends. Needless to say with that much leg and cleavage showing my girl was attracting LOTS of attention!
We went up the escalator with several young men in tow trying to look around me and up my girls jacket. We stopped at the railing overlooking the first floor, thankfully not a glass one at this point.
"You know even male in her over the age of ten thinks you're the sexiest woman alive and wants to know if you have anything on under that jacket..."
She turned to me and buried her head in my shoulder, "This is worse than the competition..."
"And yet you have more on..."
"But I'm supposed to be practically naked there..."
"Mmmm, but that doesn't make you any less sexy and beautiful..." I lifted her head and gave her a soft kiss.
I still had her face in my hands when we heard a voice beside us. "Damn girl, you trying to show us all up!"
We turned to see our older couple, a younger couple, and a lone woman. Our older couple was dressed pretty much like before. Him in a nice suit and her in a skirt and sheer top with her lace bra and hard nipples standing out. It wasn't thin enough to let her areola show though.
The younger couple took a different approach. He was in a track suit with the jacket unzipped to let his chest hair show, while she was in a skin tight top and stretch pants fitting like a second skin on her tits, nipples, and ass, sliding up in her pussy just a little to show some camel toe.
The lone woman was dressed n a business suit tailored to hug and thrust her tits forward, the top under it looking like the buttons would pop open, the skirt was nice and tight, trying to work it's way up her thighs.
The older couple made the introductions, and we stood there and took in the others outfits.
The lone girl was looking at my girl, trying to peak down her jacket. My girl looked around, and then pulled her jacket open to let her see she was topless under the jacket. "Damn girl, you have ANYTHING on under that?"
My girl just grinned, and the old man just laughed. My girl looked over at the lone woman, "So what's good about your outfit?"
She smiled at the question. "The skirt is elastic so it keeps working its way up, and the seam in the back just happens to have let loose." She turned and showed us what looked like a ripped seam. Only if you looked real close could you tell that there was actually a band of thread keeping it from going further.
"Oh that's sweet!" I said looking closer.
"Watch it mister, or I'll spill the beans on you..."
The lone girl was staring at my girl with a raised eyebrow. My girl looked at me, I shrugged, so she slid beside me and slid her hand in my pocket...and kept sliding her hand in to get a nice grip on me before removing it and licking the tips of her fingers.
"Oh that's just ornery!" the lone girl exclaimed.
The older couple was doing all they could to keep from laughing out loud, and our jogger couple was looking pale. My girl turned me to give me a nice kiss, and when she let me go the jogger couple was gone, and the lone woman was walking off.
I put my arm out to my girl, and the older gentleman did the same for his wife, and we went strolling around for a while showing our women off. Sometimes side by side, other times taking turns who was in front and making little comments on the way the others ass was wiggling and such.
We gathered a bit of a following of young men from time to time, and even a young lady once, enough that I was beginning to get a nice scent of juicy pussy from my girl! We headed for the food court, with the ladies obligatory stop at the rest rooms, for a mid afternoon snack.
This time instead of sitting in the back corner, we sat right out on the front edge against the divider with our beautiful ladies where they could be admired by the jealous ones!
I was looking over at the older woman's chest, her huge hard nipples standing out, while the older gentleman was admiring my girls extreme cleavage. "You know, I think we have the two sexiest women in the world..."
He smiled not taking his eyes from my girls cleavage, "I think you're right..."
I looked up into the older womans eyes, she was watching me looking at her, then I slowly looked back down at her nipples. "How many men can say their women are confident enough to dress to cover their delicious bodies and not hide them?" she thrust her chest up, and I think her nipples stood out even more.
"Makes you want to nibble on them until they scream or pass out doesn't it?"
"Yea, the hard part is deciding what to nibble on first." I was watching the older lady get a little glassy eyed.
The older man just smiled, "Sometimes I think she whishes I had two clones so I could do everything at the same time." the older ladies eyes went wide, her mouth clamped tight and she shuddered before almost collapsing back against the seat. "That was a nice one dear, and I didn't even have to tie your hands behind you."
The older lady just sighed and closed her eyes before leaning on her husbands shoulder. "I just love my hot little sex slave..." the older lady just smiled at that, not even opening her eyes.
We chatted for a few minutes, commenting on some of the outfits we saw on some of the teenagers, and the girls giggled when I went on my little rant on the problems with padded bras and nipples.
The older woman was coming back to life, so we decided to go walking again. We made our way around and came back on the dress shop where all our clothes were at.
"I can't say I've ever shopped here before..." the older lady said.
"I've gotten several things here, and one of the sales ladies is a very...enlightened....woman."
"Oh REALLY!" and led her husband inside.
We introduced them to our special sales girl. She looked between my girls cleavage and the older ladies nipples, "So how did your stroll through the mall go?"
"We met some other interesting people, but it's getting time to go home. Would you mind if we used your changing room again?"
"Need to relieve some stress do you?" my girl just giggled and the older woman was surprised. "The back changing room is a little smaller, but also a little more....secluded." and handed my girl her bags.
We headed back to the changing room, dropping her bags inside the door, before closing it behind the four of us. The room was a bit smaller without a raised platform, but almost completely mirrored walls.
My girl drug two chairs to the middle of the floor facing opposite directions and slightly separated. She pulled me in front of one of the chairs, and stripped her jacket off leaving her totally naked standing in front of me.
The older gentleman had come up behind his woman and began cupping her tits and tweaking her nipples making her groan. As my girl was kneeling down in front of me taking my slacks off she turned her head to the older woman, "Get a move on woman, you're falling behind..."
She proceeded to give me a bit of a slow blow job while the older man pulled his wife's top from her skirt. She hesitated for a second, then reached down and stripped it off herself, then slipped her skirt down her legs while he released her bra letting those huge tits and nipples free.
"Now that's more like it woman..." my girl said between strokes. Once the older lady had her man in her mouth and had worked him a bit, my girl stood up and sat me in the chair.
Once she had me where she wanted me, she lifted my cock and settled down, impaling herself on me. "OH FUCK YESSSSSS!!!!!"
She just sat there working me with her pussy while the older lady settled in on her man.
There we sat, our women on our laps with our hard cocks buried in them. The girls facing each other, the guys facing each other, and all within reach of any other.
My girl leaned over and gave the older woman a quick peck on the lips. "Now isn't this a good way to end a day of shopping?"
The older man responded first. "It's nice to have my little sex slave naked when ever I can, even if I don't have anything to tie her hands..."
My girl clamped down HARD on my cock, "your little toy is she?"
He reached up and tweaked her nipples, "As long as my cock goes in her somewhere she's happy."
My girl winked at me and smiled as she said, "Maybe I should bring my strap on next time and we could do her up right."
The older woman's eyes flashed open and turned to my girl. My girl leaned back over to her again, giving her much nicer kiss before turning her back to her man and then letting her hand slip down to cup a tit and play with a hard nipple. She nodded to me and pointed to the older woman's ass with her free hand.
"Hmmmm, let's see if I can predict how it would go." I slid my hand down and cupped the older ladies ass, getting a gasp from her. "We'd come back in here, but my guy would come in behind you and tie your wrists together behind you before you realize it has happened."
"And just like today, I would drop my jacket and be standing here naked in front of our men. But next time it would be me stripping your man while my guy is standing behind you with his hard cock against your ass."
"As I start taking his shirt off, my guy is pulling your skirt up tucking it in your garter belt. As I take his slacks off, my guy is pealing your top down and leaving it around your elbows further pinning your arms behind you."
My girl was starting to work herself on my cock, rocking back and forth, sliding up and slamming down hard enough o hear her thighs slap mine. "But when I pull his boxers down to get access to his cock my guy is pealing your bra down and groping those hooters of yours, rolling those nipples between his fingers while you watch me take your man in my mouth."
The older woman was groaning a bit and grinding herself on her man. "But now comes the good part, time to get your holes filled..." the older woman leaned forward to her man, his hands on her tits again.
"After I take one last lick of your man, I get up and dig my strap on out, but it's not just any strap on, it's LONG, and it's got a battery pack. It's going to get you in places you haven't felt in a long time. You can't take your eyes off that monster knowing you're going to be forcing it deep in your own pussy."
"My man comes out from behind you, and I strip him down and slide a rubber on his cock and lube him up...getting him ready to fuck your ass." The older lady was panting and riding her man, getting real close.
"Not yet my pet." He said to her, making her groan and shiver.
"I lay back on the floor, and your man walks you over me and pushes down on your shoulders. Even as you slide down on that thing, you know it's not going to fit."
"You've got about three inches of that strap on to go when you feel it...it's up against your cervix. Settling down to lean over to take his cock in your mouth, your arms still restricted behind you, you can feel that strap on pushing up against your cervix."
"You've only taken his cock in your mouth a few times when you feel my mans hands on your ass, spreading you wide. It's coming... It's coming... You know that cock is lubed up waiting to ram it in you. And then as you lean forward to take him in he does it.... As your mans cock goes past your lips his cock slides balls deep in your ass."
My girl nodded to me, and I slid my finger in the woman's ass. She started humping her man like a mad woman.
My girl was also very close, my balls were soaked from her juices, and I was having my own problems holding off listening to her story.
"Oh yea girl, ride that dildo in your pussy, suck your man down while my guy reams your ass... and then you realize... that strap on in your pussy is almost getting thorough your cervix. Sooooo close.... Cum on girl... you can do it.... And then you feel it."
The woman began screaming and humping her man.
"That's it, fell it invading you deep into your womb as your throat and ass are stuffed, feeling those cocks shooting off in you when I turn the vibrator deep in your womb on full."
My girl collapsed against me as she said that cumming on my cock, setting me off in her. The older woman looked like she was having a grand mall seizure while her man was under her filling her with all his strength.....
We sat there trying to catch our breath when we head a voice. Our sales girl was standing there with her hand up her skirt. "I'd like to see that too....."
The girls were collapsed against us, impaled on two willing cocks, but I know I was shrinking back and out of her faster than I ever wanted.
"Clean up time my pet." The older man said. The older woman pushed back from his chest, took a deep breath, and slid off his lap, her pussy making a wonderful slurping sound as she came off him. She grabbed her bra to stuff in her crotch as she leaned forward and began cleaning their juices from his cock.
Watching her lick and clean his cock two feet away like it was the most delicious delicacy was enough to keep me from dropping from my girl completely.
My girl started to stir, and enjoyed the show beside her. I know because I could feel her pussy clenching around my cock while we watched. "I didn't wear a bra.... I'm going to make such a mess." She said softly.
"On the floor pet, she needs a cleaning as well." The older lady gave on last lick, looked up at the older man, nodded, and then rolled on her back at my feet. "Now you're all set." He said to my girl.
Now I got to feel that delicious slurping sound as felt the vacuum of her pussy being pulled from my cock. Her lips sliding back off the head, feeling the cool rush or air on what was moments before buried deep in her.
"Out of the frying pan and into the..... OH GOD YESSSSSS!" as my girl proceeded to take me and as she settled on the older woman's face. "A girl could get used to this." Just before she settled down to a real nice cleaning.
"You have quite a woman there." I told him.
"Yes, she's very special. She has the sex drive of a teenage boy. If I could get it up again this soon she would love for me to fuck her again right now." I heard a moan from between my girls legs, and then one from my girl around my cock. "But playing with her will also due." He reached for her spread legs, but she was lying just out of reach.
"I can help with that." We heard from behind him. The sales girl was walking forward somewhat shakily. She let her skirt fall back down as she kneeled between the ladies legs, spreading them to remove the huge bra cup stuffed in her crotch.
The sales girl reached for her gaping pussy, and the woman jumped and screeched when the sales girls fingers touched her lips, and began shuddering when she got to her clit.
The sales girl ran her fingers up and down the older woman's pussy lips only a few times, and then launched down into her pussy.
The older woman lost it...she was squirming and flailing under my girl and the sales girl. It was more than my girl could take and she pulled back from my cock and sat up on the older woman's face and grabbed her own tits, squeezing them like she was going to pull them off.
I couldn't see the sales girl in the older woman's crotch any more, but from the sounds of it she was enjoying her feast on her pussy. the sales girl doubled her efforts when the older man slid his hand under her skirt, I'm assuming from her reaction he was enjoying her pussy in some delightful way.
We enjoyed the show in front of us for as long as we could. His hand in the sales girl, her face in his woman's pussy, hers in my girls, all three of them in blissful orgasm writhing against each other.
When he pulled his fingers from the sales girl, the three girls collapsed in sequence. The sales girl and my girl rolling to opposite sides of the older woman, panting to recover their breath. "Aren't women beautiful..." he sighed.
I smiled and nodded in acknowledgement.
The girls slowly came back to life. The sales girl giving each of the ladies a quick kiss, before wiping her face and smiling on her way out.
Our ladies took their time dressing in front of us, at least as best they could considering how little they actually had to put on. they also took some pleasure in helping us get dressed as well, making sure everything was in it's proper place.
On the way out, the older lady stopped and gave the sales girl another serious kiss. "Too bad we couldn't do that every weekend...." We all gave her a nice kiss as well, and headed out to the parking lot, agreeing to meet up again next Saturday.
My girl sat there in silence with a blissful smile on her face.
"Good shopping trip?"
"Mmmmmm...." She smiled.
"Next weekend?"
"Definitely..." still not opening her eyes.
She was still in a dreamy state walking back to the apartment, and barely slowed down inside the door as she stripped and headed for the shower. I took half of one of the leftover pizza's and slipped it onto the oven. Yea I know I could have put it in the microwave, but nuked pizza just never worked for me.
She came out and snuggled up behind me as I was leaning on the island. "That was so decadent..."
I nuzzled my head back against her, "And yet so hot, knowing you were naked under that jacket. I can't tell you how many times I almost put my hand up under it..."
"I almost wished you had...."
"Or pulled your jacket open to nibble on your nipples..."
"Mmmmm, but I'm going to have to get a lining in that jacket. The fabric on my nipples was making my pussy drip."
"Or not?"
"You'd like that wouldn't you? Knowing my pussy was bare and dribbling under that jacket."
"Next best thing to licking it off."
She reached down and grabbed my cock, slowly stroking me. "Or stuffing me full of this bad boy."
I turned in her arms to face her. "When ever I get the chance gorgeous..." and pulled her in for a kiss.
"Anytime handsome...anytime."
I reached back and stroked her rose bud, making her gasp. "Might even have to slip your plug in... letting it jiggle in your ass while the boys are trying to look up your skirt..."
"You have a fascination with my ass..."
I gave her a quick kiss, "And everything else attached to it."
We grabbed the pizza and kicked back on the couches, each of us on opposite side, legs splayed giving the other a nice view. "So what is it about my ass? Is it just the anal part of it or what?' she asked before taking a bite of her pizza.
I ate and thought a bit. "That's probably a good part of it. Being something that many women think is taboo. I guess part of it would be the complete taking of a woman, or her giving herself up to a man." she snickered at that.
"And then there's the fact that you have such a beautiful ass and I want to look at it, and feel it, and play with it..... and that jeweled plug shows it off sooooo nicely!"
"So what is better? Stuffing that plug in me or watching me do it to myself?"
I about choked on my pizza, "Both... depends on the situation." My cock was starting to stiffen up thinking about it.
"You're just thinking about stuffing your cock in it, that's all." I heard from behind me. I saw a sleepy blond walking past to the bathroom, tits jiggling with each step.
She came back out and grabbed the last two slices of warm pizza, and sat down next to my girl, feet up on the edge of the coffee table and legs spread. Now I had two juicy pussies to look at, and my cock was doing it's best to salute both of them. "Uh uh mister, I'm going back to bed after this."
My girl leaned over to the blond and whispered something in her ear. The blond shrugged, and my girl jumped off the couch and ran to the bedroom. She came back a minute later with something in her hand and gave it to the blond.
Once she had she stepped to my side of the coffee table and bent over to grip the other side of it, putting her pussy and ass on display for me. I only had a second to enjoy the view when the blond stood up and opened her hand, revealing the plug.
I thought she was going to hand it to me, but instead she reached up and spread my girls cheeks with one hand, then ran it up through her glistening lips and slid it home in her ass all in one motion.
My girl hissed as it sank home, but then she reached back for my cock and sunk her velvet pussy down on me. I could feel the edge of the plug sliding along my cock, followed by the pressure from the plug inside her pussy as she slid down to take me in.
She wiggled down deep on me, then clenched hard while she leaned forward to get her pizza from the coffee table. She leaned back against me, snuggling back down on me as she leaned back against my chest. "Now this is the way to eat pizza."
The blond just shook her head, gave us each a kiss, and stumbled back to bed.
We ate in silence. I tried to start a conversation, but every time I did she clenched her pussy hard around my cock. When she finished her pizza, she leaned forward and began sliding her pussy up and down my cock.
She looked back over her shoulder, "Thinking about that plug in my ass, the one you can feel up against your cock buried in my pussy." and SLAMMED down hard on me.
She lifted up a moment later, and began fucking her pussy with my cock again, but with an increased pace. Thinking about what it would be like with you and that plug reversed. Feeling my tight ass sliding over your cock and the plug in my pussy bumping you hard cock on the other side."
"Watching my ass stretch around your aching cock, trying to keep from blowing your load in me too quickly...."
She shifted a bit on me, never loosing her pace, and picking it up a bit. Her pussy was getting juicy enough to start dribbling down my cock to my balls. "Knowing that at any time I could reach back and..."
She cupped my balls and I lost it. "OH FUCK YESSSSSSS!" I grabbed her hips and began driving up into her, matching her thrusts down on me. Pumping load after load on each stroke as she played with my balls and clamped her spasming pussy around me.
She collapsed against me, each of us twitching around the other, panting and trying to catch our breaths. "I love you..." I whispered in her ear.
She clamped down on me, "I love you too...."
She sat there for a few moments, then lifted off, that lovely sucking sound of a cock leaving a well fucked pussy. She looked back over her shoulder at me, while I was looking at her gaping dribbling pussy, then clamped her legs together and spun around at my feet. "Clean up time!"
I thought it was hot watching the older lady clean her man, but my girl at my knees cleaning me was almost enough to get me hard again. "You're too good to me..."
She came up momentarily, "I know..." and went back for the last few licks before getting up and taking the plates to the kitchen. She loaded them in the dishwasher and closed up the pizza box, putting it in the frig. I watched her all the time, our cum dribbling down her legs.
She saw me watching her, looked down at her messy thighs, smiled, and then turned her ass to me and wiggled it, the plug catching the light and shining.
I had to smile and shake my head.
She finished wiping the counter down, then took my hand. "Shower time!" and led me to the bathroom. But instead of pulling me into the shower, she sat me down on the toilet. "Stay!" she said with a grin.
She bent to start the water, her ass and plug inches from my face. I gave her plug a ligt tap and kissed her ass. She squeaked and twisted around. When she turned and put her landing strip in front of me, I started to lean forward and kiss her mound, but she stopped me. "Uh uh, later..." and stepped into the shower, closing the door behind her.
She looked right into my eyes as she backed under the shower, letting the water run down her shoulder, over her firm tits and nipples, down her washboard belly and threw her landing strip, rinsing the remnants of our living room romp down the drain.
As I looked back up her body she was lathering her hair, letting the shampoo take that same wonderful trip down her body. She watched me watching her, grinning as I had to look down at her body every once in a while.
I was enjoying the sight of the shampoo running down through her landing strip when my view was blocked by her scrunchie. She smiled when I looked up, watching her running the scrunchie and her hands all over her body. Cupping and squeezing her tits and nipples, running it up and down her landing strip and into her pussy lips.
She turned and ran the scrunchie over her ass and between her cheeks, pushing them out as far as she could inside the shower. Then she dropped the scruchie and slipped her fingers around the plug in her ass, tapping and running her fingers around it, closing her eyes and groaning loud enough to hear over the shower.
She got her fingers around it and began to pull it out, when it slipped through her soapy finger, making her screech a bit. She turned her ass to the shower, rinsing the soap off of the plug and her fingers, letting the plug shine in the light.
As she drew the plug out this time she was able to hold on to it, and I heard a slight whimper as the bulge passed her ass. But she didn't remove it, instead she held it there for a second and then pushed the bulge just barely into her ass. I watched as she worked the bulge in and out for a few minutes until her legs were trembling and she was gasping.
"OH GOOOODDDDDD!!!!!" she was cumming and trying to stand, but slid down the wall still trembling. She kneeled there panting a bit, then managed to stand and finish rinsing off.
I was about ready to squirt on the wall watching that. She came out of the shower, leaving it running. "Your turn," and nudged me towards the door. I managed to lather up while watching her towel off, and she wiggled her ass at me as she went to the bedroom.
I started stroking my aching cock as I was lathering up, but she stuck her head in the shower, "Uh uh, that's mine later."
Who was I to argue with a woman that could snap me in half? I finished and rinsed off, finding her standing there with a grin and my towel. When I took the towel she dropped to her knees, taking me in as far as she could.
Now it was time for my knees to tremble, but she was being very gentle, just making sure I was ready for what ever she had planned. As long as it involved her I was in....
She led me to the corner of the bed, and kneeled down in front of me again. But this time she was anything but gentle. She took me in as deep as she could, and then did it again and again. Working her hand around the base of my shaft, and playing with my balls with the other.
Now it was my turn to yell, "OH GOOOODDDDDD!!!!!" as I unloaded into her, She was a woman on a mission, she wasn't satisfied to just get me off. She showed no signs of letting up. She kept me cumming and cumming. I collapsed back on the bed....bad move... she reached up between my legs and pushed a finger up my ass to my prostrate and sent me off again.
I was spasming and flopping all over as she did her work..... and then I was laying there panting.
She crawled up over me, giving me a quick kiss. "You're too easy..." and grinned as she helped me up on the bed. We snuggled in and I passed out shortly after we stopped moving......
For those of you that have stuck with me on this series, thank you. And don't forget to scroll down a bit further to vote, it is appreciated.