For the reader: Be forewarned that this story presents a subject that is considered risqué in most circles. If you are not prepared to read about consensual incest (maybe not technically but at least socially) between step-father and step-daughter please move on to a different story. The story is one of fiction and the characters are all above the age of consent. I have tried to write it as realistically as possible but it should be treated as the fiction that it is, no more, no less. Chapter 1 of the story starts off quite slowly and is written to "set-the-stage" and give the reader a sense of imagining and understanding as if they were almost there themselves. Although it is sexual in nature, there is no sex in this installment of the tale. The story is truly designed to be read in entirety and is mainly broken up into chapters to provide an easier reading experience. This is the first story that I have ever written so I do look forward to any comments or constructive criticism that you may have.
*
I married my wife when my step-daughter was only four years old and have raised her ever since. As such, we have always been quite close, with her feeling comfortable confiding in me or my teaching her life's little lessons. She has always been a smart girl for her age so as she grew up, I never needed to worry about her understanding of the changes to her physiology or the "birds and the bees" that my wife and I had taught her about but in other ways she could be quite innocent about the ways of the world. As she developed in her teenage years, this is what concerned me the most. She has matured into a very pretty young woman, standing about 5'6" with an average weight, straight sandy-blonde hair cut to her shoulder blades, and firm young breasts filling a B-cup nicely. Her birthday was in the fall, just after the age cut off for school admission and she was now a senior in high school and had recently turned 18 years old. I tried the best that I could to prepare her to make the right choices and not feel pressured by the typical teenage boy's libido; this was going to come back around...
Our family was pretty open about most things. My wife and I had taught the kids about responsible alcohol use, anatomy, and sex among other things starting at an early age and didn't believe in hiding information from them. We also had a pretty open household that respected privacy but wasn't overly modest; we didn't run around the house nude but it wasn't uncommon to see someone walk across the hall from bathroom to bedroom in their underwear or with only a towel wrapped around them. Likewise, lounging in pajamas or a nightshirt was normal, especially on our family's weekly "movie night." Due to the closeness that we shared, it was fairly routine while she was growing up for the two of us to share physical contact, almost nightly hugs goodnight, taking care of her ailments (cuts, slivers, etc.), goofing around and tickling her, or curled up on the couch together while watching a movie...it was on one of these nights that things slowly started to change.
We were on the couch watching a movie, essentially spooned, with a blanket over us and her mom and brothers in the same room watching as well. As any of you who have ever lain down like this can attest to, most couches can be a little bit narrow for two adults to be like this without the one in front being right at the edge. We were no different and to keep from falling off, I had my arm over her across her torso and she was snuggled fairly close to me to help keep her on the couch. This night started out no differently than many others before it but none have seemed the same since.
About halfway through the movie, which had already had a few sensual scenes despite being PG-13, one scene gave her a mild startle causing her to back up into me a little further. I didn't even give it a second thought when she remained like that after the initial shock had subsided. A few moments later I felt an almost imperceptible movement of her hips grinding on me a little, but since I had never had any untoward thoughts about her before, assumed that it was just her trying to get more comfortable again. This fidgeting continued every now and then for the rest of the movie and the physical contact with my groin threatened to cause an erection but, since I assumed that this was completely innocent, never became anything more than a slight swelling that I hoped had not been noticed. This had never happened before and I assumed, was completely innocent.
Over the next few weeks, everything remained normal between us except that similar contact was happening more routinely on movie nights and on one occasion she clutched my arm a little bit and after she relaxed I realized that my hand was actually in contact with the underside of one of her breasts. There was a part of me that felt as if I should talk to her about all of this but I ended up dismissing it thinking that it was still innocent. I didn't want to highlight the occurrences and make her think that I was some sort of lech lusting after her when she didn't even realize that it was happening (I assumed). As far as I knew, she was still an innocent girl in the ways of love.
This had been going on for a little over a month and was still easily written off as innocent when things started to heat up a little more. My mindset, however, still was focused on my step-daughter's innocence and dismissed even this new development.
One evening I was curled up, as usual, on the couch with my step-daughter while having family movie night. She was lying on her side in front of me with my arm around her waist to keep her from falling off the couch and her arm over mine but straight down her side. She had rubbed up against my groin a few times as had been becoming the norm and once again the physical contact had caused my penis to slightly engorge although was still far from a full-blown hard on. Suddenly, she seemed to get a bit uncomfortable on her side and rolled partially onto her back while still allowing her to watch the movie. This movement did two things...it brought her arm that had been on top between us and put her in a more precarious position to slide of the couch. Without even thinking I snugged in on her waist a little more to keep her from sliding off and this brought her hand right against my penis. There wasn't really much that I could do to prevent this but I assumed that she might move her arm on top of her since it seemed it would be a more comfortable position anyway. I couldn't have been more wrong...she left her hand right where it had made contact and shifted her body a little more onto the couch making the contact between us firmer. I continued to assume that she was merely oblivious to what part of me she was touching but keeping from getting hard was becoming difficult, especially when she would occasionally move around a little effectively using the back of her hand to rub my penis.
The night passed without further incident but once again, my mind was struggling with whether to say anything and risk offending her. I chose to remain silent but deep in my mind I think that I was beginning to wonder if this was "accidental" or if there was more to this.
The next week's movie night passed without too much incident although the earlier "butt rubbing" seemed a little bit more pronounced. The following week though was much different...I not only ended up back in contact with her hand but virtually ended up cupping one of her breasts. This time as she rolled over, my step-daughter also slid down a bit, presumably to position her head better on the cushion of the couch and be more comfortable for her. When she did so, it ended up bringing my hand, which had been resting lightly on her lower ribs, straight up into her right breast, almost cupping it as I said. Despite my fatherly role for the past fourteen years, I must admit that it felt nice. The size of her breast was a perfect handful and her youthful firmness kept them almost upright even though she was virtually on her back. I wasn't entirely sure from where my hand was positioned but I didn't think that she was wearing a bra. Enjoying the feelings of both her hand in my groin and her breast in my hand a little too much, I allowed myself to linger a little before feigning to scratch an itch on my thigh and then returned my hand around her abdomen near her ribs. Unfortunately, I didn't realize when I made that move that there would also be another effect...
As I moved my arm down to "scratch" my thigh, it pressed my penis further against her hand while at the same time shifting it more toward her palm instead of the back of her hand. I wasn't sure if it was caused by my own movement, but it almost felt like she gave a little squeeze. We exchanged a quick glance and I noticed no sign of recognition on her face at all. For the next 15-20 minutes she left her hand just like that, almost cradling my semi-flaccid penis while I tried not to think about it, lest it grow even harder.
That weekend, since the kids were on a school break, we had decided to have a marathon movie weekend watching a trilogy of movies, one each night so it was only one night later before my step-daughter was cuddled with me on the couch. This night, she had come down to watch the movie in her pajamas which, as mentioned earlier was fairly normal for our household. Her selection this night consisted of a pair of capri-length flannel pajama bottoms that sat low on her hips with a pastel orange tank top shirt. There were no visible bra straps under the tank top and it was short enough that her belly button was routinely exposed as she moved around while we were preparing for that night's feature.
For the first half of the movie, she squirmed around a lot, sometimes rubbing, sometimes not, but just generally seeming a little restless. Suddenly, she jolted at an unexpected scene in the movie, pulling in tightly to me as had happened before but this time was a little different. When this happened she had been holding the back of my hand in hers while it was flat against her hip right around the waistline of the pajama bottoms. When startled, she pulled my hand up to her chest in a start and I suddenly realized that I was completely holding her breast. Her squirming around had caused the tank top to ride up quite a bit and almost everything that was in my hand was bare skin. She not only didn't seem alarmed by this but continued to hold my hand right where it was for another five minutes until she relaxed her grip a little bit. Holding her bare breast like I was, was having quite an effect on me and it was taking a lot of effort for me not to have a full blown hard-on poking against her ass that was tightly pressed against me. As she finally relaxed, I started to withdraw my hand a little and ended up getting another surprise. The path of "escape" for my hand brought my fingers directly across and in contact with her erect nipple. I was not only surprised (and slightly aroused) by this contact but also the very quiet sigh that escaped my step-daughter's lips as it happened. I barely remember the rest of the movie because it was taking a lot to keep from becoming fully aroused with her pressed up against me. At the time I was still quite concerned with the thought of freaking her out if she felt a hard penis pressed against her.
The final night of the trilogy was no better for me. She showed up in similar attire and snuggled up against me right away. Once again she turned onto her back and had one hand pressed against me directly over my crotch. She stayed this way for about 20 minutes without any movement by the hand so I had almost forgotten that it was there and was thoroughly engrossed in watching the movie. Suddenly, I felt her other hand grab my hand under the blanket and pull it toward her sliding it right under her shirt and cupping her breast. This time it did not appear to be an "accident" but rather a very purposeful positioning by her. I could feel her nipple hardening against the palm of my hand and was trying very hard not to imagine the sight of her breasts or the way I thought her nipples looked based on what I was feeling. Try as I might, it was completely in vain and I could think of almost nothing but, which, in turn, caused my erection to grow quite considerably. Still in shock, I looked at my step-daughter only to receive a slight grin from her as she returned her eyes to the movie, followed by a firm squeeze of my penis. Unlike before, there was no mistaking this for anything else...although through my pants, she knowingly held my penis in her hand and appeared to be enjoying it.