Self awareness is valuable information to have. Oddly, not everyone has the ability to know who they are or what they want or need. I've always known just how drop dead cute I was, something easily verifiable by simply taking my dog for a walk.
When young pretty women go dog walking the number of turned heads from drive by men gives a fairly accurate confirmation of the cute factor. The cute meter is based upon length of time the heads are turned. A brief glance being the bottom line all the way up to 'can't look away' and nearly causing an accident. Most of the time my cute meter operates at the maximum.
Also, this is a good time to mention one of the greatest fashion inventions of the modern era; black tights. Tights are basically a piece of clothing just barely covering anything while outlining perfectly every curve and detail of the female body. And don't even suggest another color because only black gives the male imagination something to think about. Black is dramatic.
I'm twenty four years old, five-five, blonde, petite with small but perfect breasts and a round, firm, killer ass that makes those black tights move the way they should. Walking my dog, Sasha, gives me the perfect excuse to display my assets and you can clearly see what men are thinking with little effort.
I like that. I like a cum dripping cock.
I think about sex all the time. So much so that I might as well have been hatched a man. My fingers were always intimately connected to my clitoris, that little kitty that can't be fed enough. My orgasms are on a hair trigger which means that if I have one I want twenty. I should walk around with a sign that says, 'pussy on demand, welcome all'.
So I had to come up with a way to meld my personal life and my working life and there was only one thing that made any sense and that was escort/prostitute. They say that the key to a good work life is to love your job so the choice seemed straightforward.
Boyfriends seemed laborious and time consuming although they continue to ask me out because I have that wholesome cute thing that I mentioned earlier. Men look at me and initially want to fuck me and that is closely followed by wanting to marry me. Apparently, I look like I should be married. Cute and married. They are genuinely surprised that I'd rather have five hundred bucks for the hour than a marriage proposal.
So I fuck men for money...and walk my dog.
I've only been at it for about a year but so far the earnings have been significant. Before that I was working in the fast food industry with minimal return but that all changed the day I met Vince at the drive thru window. He admitted that he kept coming through the line and buying food just to see me.
One day I asked him if he'd wait briefly in the pickup area because his order was slow coming out. He was a little grumpy about it until I told him that I'd bring it out to his car. He seemed to brighten up at the prospect of me walking across the lot to his car because he'd only seen the top half of me through the window.
I could see his eyes follow me in the rear view mirror all the way there. "Sorry for your wait," I said, handing off the bag of grub. As I turned to go he said...
"Waiting for you was not a problem. You're incredibly cute and I keep coming back to see you," he spit out in his car confessional.
"Thanks," I replied with my 'cute' smile.
As I turned to go, he asked me out.
"Sorry, I don't date."
Desperate to keep me there he asked if I'd just sit in his car for a minute or so and he offered me a hundred bucks. "I just want to talk for a minute."
Knowing my job would be on the line and against all better judgment I got in his car. "So, what now?" I asked, taking the bill from him.
"I just wanted to tell you that I've got a huge crush on you and please go out with me."
"I don't date," and started out of the car.
"Wait! I'll give you another hundred to stay."
"But for what? I can't stay. I'll lose my job!"
He was scrambling, "Ahhh, I don't know...ahhh, just sit and look at you?"
"What?!?!"
"I'm sorry, you're so hot and everything..."
Now I suppose I should have been concerned that he'd just drive off to some remote location and murder me but for some reason I didn't detect any malice. Thinking a minute about the fact I'd just been handed two hundred dollars for doing essentially nothing I surprised the hell out of him and myself, "Okay, pull around back."
By now, I knew there would be some chaos in the restaurant but I rationalized that even if I got fired I could always get another job and so far I made two hundred for the day.
He was shocked when I unzipped his pants and unearthed his raging boner like an excavation dig. I was mildly turned on that he'd gotten hard in the brief time I was in his car but all I could think was 'get him off as quickly as possible' and get back inside. I worked his throbbing shaft and watched his eyes roll back and knew it was nearly over. His cum shot out and grazed my cheek, most of it landing on my uniform.
In seconds after he went off my manager angrily rapped on the window, my hand still holding the evidence. I was uncomfortably stuck between two employers, one in joyful bliss and the other one pissed as hell.
"Hayley! Get out of the car and into my office!"
"Thanks for the money, dude," I said quickly as my manager opened the door and pulled me out, walking me back inside. Just before closing the door behind us I heard, "Vince, my name's Vince!!"
As we sat in my manager's office, with a stern look on his face, he informed me that I no longer had a job and really he should call the police.
I begged him not to call the police and asked, "What can I do to make things right?"
He wasted no time..."Well you are a pretty girl."
And this was the seminal moment where I truly learned to lean on my superpowers. Instead of him having me in a no-win situation it was me who had all the power. Pussy power. The tone in his voice told me all I needed to know.
I said matter of factly, "How about you fuck me and I keep my job?"
He stood up and walked around to the back of my chair and told me to stand up and bend over his desk. I heard him take down his pants then, slipping his hands underneath my tunic he pulled my tights down and inched his hard cock into my slit.
Instead of being appalled that this guy, twenty years my senior, was fucking his employee I fell into the pure delight of how good it felt to have his cock ramming me and in moments an orgasm spilled out of me. "Awwwwwwww," I moaned.
"That's what I like," he said, "a happy employee."
"Does this mean I'm not fired?"
"You're not fired, but I may call upon you occasionally."
That's when I knew I was leaving. If I was getting my shitty job back I wasn't going to continually give my charms away for $12.75 an hour.
That was pretty much the beginning of my career change. I was certifiable man candy and was going to be paid well and enjoy it in the process.
Sounding like a bear, the manager pulled out and left a trail of spunk down the back of my uniform. "Now, get back to work," and I pulled my tights up. Of course, it was plain to my co-workers that I'd serviced the boss and a customer based upon the cum stains, front and back (No, there was no fresh uniform. We laundered our own).
I lasted 2 more busy weeks and then before he could summon me back in his office for another fuck I announced my resignation. The manager seemed close to tears as he wished I'd reconsider and we loved having you and other horseshit like that. I'm surprised his dick didn't send me a thank you note.
On my way out I ran into Vince just coming in the parking lot, undoubtedly looking for me, and I got into his car and gave him a parting gift.
Since that day I've negotiated my services with a whole lot of men and, in the process, gotten very skilled at emptying their wallets. But just in case you were interested in a few more details...
The next day after my early fast food retirement I was in line at a big box store and, as usually happened, some guy got fixated on me (usually my perky ass) and because the lines didn't move very fast he had plenty of fantasy time.
He was in line to my left and two carts behind so every time I casually glanced back I caught him staring at the magic black tights. When I'd catch his eye he'd look away, pretending not to notice me. One of the times during this pax de deux I smiled at my voyeur.
Caught off guard, he smiled back, pretending to be nonchalant about it. Knowing I had him on the cute hook, I looked back and mouthed the words, "Fuck me?"
His face fell into a look of confusion. What did she say? From then on until we hit the cashier his eyes only went one place...the tights.
When we both emerged from the cashier he was right behind me and I could feel his gaze, dreaming of the many possibilities. I accidentally on purpose nudged an eight pack of panties onto the floor. Immediately, he gallantly scooped them up, "Excuse me, you dropped these."
"Oh, not again," I said absentmindedly, "I'm always dropping my underwear." Too obvious?
He smiled, "I'll watch for any more accidents."
We both laughed but upon leaving the store he followed me to my car, "Can I help you load your car?" Now who in the hell asks anybody that question in a parking lot?
"Sure," I said as he left his own cart and started unloading mine.
"Well I think that's everything. I'll take your cart back," and as he was saying this I noticed over his shoulder his cart was slowly rolling away and headed for another car. "Your cart!" I shouted.
"Oh!" and he bolted after the cart and barely rescued it in time.
"Wow, that was close," said Prince Charming, "Say, I didn't see any ring and was wondering if you'd like to go out sometime."
"Oh, I'm sorry but I don't date."
"Oh..."
"But that doesn't mean you can't have me."
He didn't speak right away but set his brain to getting things straight. Then, as if the proverbial light bulb went on, he appeared to recall my mouthing, "Fuck me?"
"Oh...but you're so pretty."
"Thank you, so I've been told."
"How much?" he asked dejectedly but unable to walk away from the opportunity.
I still hadn't set prices so I tossed out a meager, "Three hundred."
"I'll have to go back into the store and use the ATM. Wait for me?"
"I'm all yours."
I sat in my car til he returned. "Where to?"
He'd already worked out the details in his head, "The motel across the street. I'll go ahead and get a room and you can follow me in."
I did as instructed and as I began taking my clothes off in the room he said, "Can I do that?"
"Sure, whatever you want except kindly leave the cash on the nightstand."
"I'm Brett," he said, taking the cash from his wallet and unbuttoning my shirt.
"I'm Haley, and I love the way you're undressing me. So very sexy."
"A girl like you needs to be caressed," he whispered, making me slightly regret my no dating policy. He was tender and made me happy to spread my legs for him. But before he could penetrate me he went for dinner at the Y. It didn't seem dutiful but something he wanted to do. He pulled my panty crotch aside and went down on me. His tongue was large and agile and I was wet and only getting wetter. After I came he looked up at me with my pussy juices slathered all over his face, "Good for you?"
"Oh soooo good that I'm wondering who's paying who?"
He laughed, "A girl like you needs to be caressed," he repeated, "and now I'm going to take my reward." As gentle as he'd been to me was conversely how energetic and dominating he was once he decided to fuck me.
He didn't pull off my panties he ripped them off me, literally tearing them apart. Once unimpeded he fucked me like he had someplace else he needed to be.
It was urgent and forceful and I came easily for the second time. He was a beast and I loved it. "My pussy is hot for you. Fuck me, baby!" I could feel him getting close, the many positions, the sweat bonding our bodies, his cock beginning to swell inside me. I dug my fingernails into his back.
"I'm cumming in your mouth, Haley." No sooner said than his cock was in my mouth and the spunk filled me up. I swallowed twice and still he shot more. It felt like he hadn't been laid in awhile and this was the buildup release.
"You're so beautiful, Haley, even with a mouthful of cum."
"I'll take that as a compliment."
"No, Haley I'm totally nuts for you. Please go out with me."
"Brett, now listen to me. You bought me for sex and it was wonderful but that's the end of it for now. You can hire me again but I'm not going to be your girlfriend."
He was crestfallen and I felt sad for him but I immediately thought that if I capitulated to every crush that came my way I'd be somebody's wife in a heartbeat and that would be the end of my play days.
I didn't want that. At least not for now. The idea of sex for hire excited me and I loved the negotiation. I loved fucking guy's brains out. I loved being desired.
And so, Brett became my first regular...
On my way home I stopped at a local craft brewery. I like beer and have a special fondness for India Pale Ales. I went into the brewery even though I knew I'd be hit on because I was pleasing to look at and drinking alone. Two factors men feel compelled to insert themselves in.
I was looking to be by myself and veg out.
I just wanted to mindlessly enjoy the beer but I figured I could say no as well as yes so I took a shot. I will list in order the sequence of intrusions.
Intruder 1: Tall guy, sweet affect really but boring as hell. "You like IPA's? I'm kind of a porter guy. Baltic porters mainly."
Intruder 2: A grammar corrector continually bringing up nitpicky nonsense with my sentences. I suggested that to save our mutual sanity he stop talking to me.
Intruder 3: Overly complimentary guy who wanted to impress me with his knowledge of fashion. "You would look fabulous in (fill in the blank), neglecting to mention that I already looked fabulous in what I was wearing.
Intruder 4: The bartender spent an inordinate amount of time cleaning the bar around me and flipping out one liners trying to make me laugh. He's thinking maybe I go home with him?
Intruder 5: Fairly good looking guy who bravely admitted that he sat next to me thinking he might get lucky. I fucked him in the bathroom stall, no charge. Must have been that second beer.
Finally it was closing time and I was the last customer standing and I might have mentioned to the bartender (Intruder 4) that I had sex for money. Surprised but game he pulled three hundred out of the till, locked the front door and fucked me on a cocktail table.
That about sums up my first day on the new job. With any new job there's a period of awkwardness that had to be sorted out until things were running smoothly. I had to get used to some pretty kinky lifestyles and fetishes and, well, as it turned out, looking in the mirror, I found a pretty kinky girl underneath the cute.
So, these are my adventures getting used by an endless parade of horny guys and a few girls. I love writing about it since every sexy memory leads to me pleasuring myself. Mmmmmmm.
Now, if you'll excuse me I have to walk my dog, Sasha, and put on a show in my black tights.
Fuck me, baby?