Raj, Stuart, and Bernadette were sitting in her living room brainstorming.
"I really need some new content for the website," Bernadette said. "Something new...different. I mean, doing, you know,itwith you guys is great and all, but we need something fresh. Something my fans haven't seen from me yet."
Raj scratched his chin. "You know what's really popular? Incestuous relationships. Or, you know, so I hear."
Stuart nodded his head. "Yeah! Oh yeah! I...I've, uh, heard the same thing. Not that I would ever watch anything that hot...er, I mean, like that."
"Incestuous? Like, family?" Bernadette asked.
Raj nodded. "Right, exactly."
"How about Uncle Mark?" Bernadette asked.Why haven't I made one with him and his huge cock fucking me yet?! I need to call him!
Raj shook his head. "No. I mean, he's great and all, but he's notfamily, you know? I mean, he's Howard's uncle. But he's notfamily."
"Oh my gosh, Raj! You mean...like...Joey?!" Joey was her younger brother that she rarely saw. "I mean...he's handsome...I guess. But Joey?!" She paused. "Besides, he lives in Kentucky. He's only in town a couple of times a year."
Raj grinned.She didn't say no."Well, maybe we can do something next time he's in town. But we need something sooner than that, don't you think? We need something to drive membership."
"Fucking a family member would definitely drive up your membership!" Stuart added enthusiastically.
"You think so?" Bernadette asked.
Stuart shook his head. "Oh yeah!"
"Most definitely," Raj said. "So, let's think of another male in your immediate family that would fit the bill. Hmmmmmmm..."
Then it hit Bernadette. "(gasp) You mean...my father?! You want me to have sex with my father?!"
"Oh yeahhhhh, your dad. Why didn't I think of that?" Raj said with a crooked smile.
"My father?! My retired cop father?! That father?!"
Stuart nodded his head again. "Oh yeah! Father-daughter stuff is hot! Er, I mean, uh, so I'm told."
Raj looked at his friend. "Give it up, dude." Stuart hung his head in shame. Raj turned his attention back to Bernadette. "Do you think he'd wear his uniform?"
"His...are you nuts?!" She paused. "He'd never go for it anyway."
Raj grinned again.Again, she didn't say no!"He's a guy, Bernadette. You're a beautiful young woman. No man could resist your charms if you put your mind to it."
Bernadette blushed. "Really? You think so?"
Raj and Stuart both nodded and said in unison, "Absolutely!"
Bernadette thought about it. "But...it's my father. He'd never do it."
"Then look at it as a challenge," Raj said, almost daring her, knowing she loved a good challenge.
She thought some more.A challenge!"But...he'd never do it while being recorded."
Raj pointed around the living room. "We can use hidden cameras! We'll put one there...and there...and there." He paused. "Leonard told us Penny used to have sex with her dadallthe time." The mere thought of Penny beating her at something infuriated her, and Raj knew it.
"Seriously?!"
Stuart nodded. "Oh yeah. And her brother."
"That bitch!"
*****
Bernadette answered the door and fell into her father's arms. "Hi, Daddy!"
Her father, Mike, wasn't comfortable with such shows of affection. But he wrapped his arms around his daughter and hugged her. "How's my little girl doing?"
"Better now that you're here!"
When she broke the embrace and backed away, Mike's eyes grew wide. "Jesus, Bernadette! Put some clothes on!"
Bernadette had chosen a sheer white baby doll piece of lingerie that barely fell past her heart-shaped ass for today. The top crossed her breast just above her dark pink areolas and did nothing to hide them or restrain her erect, gumdrop-sized nipples. The two thin spaghetti straps were obviously struggling to hold it up. She chose to go sans panties today and wore a pair of pink, fuzzy high heeled slippers to finish the ensemble.
Bernadette giggled and waved a dismissive hand at him. "He he! Oh, Daddy! You know this old house doesn't have any air conditioning, and it's hot as all get out today."
"Yes, but...Jesus..."
She giggled again. "He he! Oh, Daddy..." She grabbed his hand and dragged him through the living room towards the kitchen. "C'mon, Daddy, lunch is ready."
While Bernadette brought the food to the kitchen table, Mike's cop senses were tingling. "So, what's the occasion? Why'd you invite me over for lunch today?"
Bernadette intentionally bent at the waist while putting the food on her father's plate. He couldn't help but stare down his not-so-little girl's deep cleavage. She also couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants.Oh my God! He's actually aroused! This might actually work!
"What? Can't a daughter invite her Daddy over for lunch?"
"Well, she could. Mine doesn't. But she could."
Bernadette sat down across the table from him. "To be honest, with Howie out of town so much lately, it gets a little lonely around here."
Mike struggled to concentrate on the chit chat during lunch while trying not to stare at his nearly naked daughter across the table from him. Bernadette tried not to laugh at his obvious struggles.
Once the meal was finished, Bernadette gathered up the dishes and walked them to the sink, making sure to give her ass an extra wiggle as she went. She could feel her father's stare.
"Daddy, do you want some lemonade?"
"Uh, yeah, sure."
Bernadette turned and reached into the cabinet to grab two glasses. Her tiny garment lifted with her. Mike's eyes widened at the site of his daughter's fully exposed ass.
"Jesus," he muttered.
The two walked back into the living room where Mike plopped down on the couch and Bernadette sat in the tattered chair to his right. Both were perfectly positioned for the hidden cameras while Raj and Stuart watched the action remotely in the garage.
"Holy shit, dude! She looks fucking hot!" Raj commented.
"Hell yeah she does!"
"That poor bastard's not gonna know what hit him."
Mike flinched. "Bernadette, will you go put on some clothes for God's sake?"
"Why?"
"Because...I...I...can see...Jesus!"
Bernadette giggled. "Oh, Daddy, stop being such a prude."
Mike rubbed his forehead. "Christ almighty," he mumbled.
"Daddy, can I ask you something personal?"
Mike cringed at the words. He wasn't good at talking about deep, personal things. Even with his own children. "Aw shit," he moaned.
"How often do you and mom have sex?"
Mike choked on the sip of lemonade he'd just taken. "What?!"
"How often do you and mom have sex?" she asked more emphatically.
"I...we...uh...why are you asking?"
"I want to know what to expect when Howie and I get older."
"We...we...aw hell." He took a swig of his drink. "We don't even sleep in the same bed anymore," he said without looking at his daughter.
This genuinely caught Bernadette by surprise. "What?! Why not?"
Mike shrugged his shoulders. "She said it's because I snore. I think it's because she's just a frigid bitch," he said gruffly before realizing what he'd said. His head spun to his daughter. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that."
"It's okay, Daddy." She paused. Bernadette's relationship with her mother was frosty at best. "Sheisa frigid bitch." She waited for his reaction. A smile crossed his face, then he chuckled, which made her chuckle with him. "What about when you were younger? Surely you had a lot of sex then."
Mike considered his answer. "Well, you know..." He paused. "Your mother is a good, Catholic woman. She was raised to believe that intercourse was to be used with the intention of procreating, not physical pleasures of the flesh."
Bernadette's jawed dropped. "Oh my gosh!"
Mike shrugged his shoulders. "So..."
"Howie and I have sex all the time! Oh my goodness!"
Mike rubbed his forehead again. "Bernadette, I really don't..."
"We get up plenty early every morning so we can have sex before we go to work. We do it every night when we go to bed. Sometimes as soon as he gets home from work."
"Bernadette, I really..."
"On the weekends we do it two-three times during the day. He's like the Energizer bunny! He just keeps going and going and going..."
"Bernadette...really...seriously...I..."
"What about toys? Have you or mom ever used toys? I mean, that wouldn't be considered sex, right?"
"What? Toys?! Uh...we, uh...no."
"Oh my gosh! Maybe you should try that. I've got big, huge dildos in different colors, small dildos..."
Mike buried his face in his hands. "Oh my God..."
"Vibrators, anal beads, anal plugs, nipple clips. Sometimes I let Howie tie me up and do some light bondage. You know...just to spice things up."
"Please...stop..." Mike muttered.
"Do you want me to send something home for you and mom to try? A sex care package maybe?"
"Dear Lord no."
"Well, what about oral sex?"
"Oral...oh God..."
"You know? A blow job."
He finally looked up. He looked pained. "Why are you asking me these questions?"
"Because I want to know, Daddy. We're two adults. I can't talk to Mom about this stuff. So I'm asking you."
"Damn your mother," he said under his breath.
"So...blow jobs...yes or no?"
He stared at her. "No. Okay? No."
"No?! Never?!"
He shook his head. "No. She said she refused to put 'that nasty thing' in her mouth."
"Oh my goodness! You poor man!"
"Poor bastard," Raj said.
Stuart concurred. "I know, right?"
Bernadette continued. "I love giving blow jobs!"
Mike's head snapped around. "You what?!"
"Oh yeah! I love giving head. I love the taste of a man in my mouth. And when a man cums in my mouth? Ohmagawd, I'm getting all tingly just thinking about it."
"Bernadette..."
"Come on, Daddy. You really didn't think I got straight A's in college just on my brains alone, did you?"
"You did your professors?!"
"Mmmmmhmmmmm," she purred and nodded.
"Those bastards!"
"Oh Daddy, relax. I offered, they never asked."
"Sweet Jesus."
"So, if she wouldn't give you head, then anal sex is probably out of the question, huh?"
"Anal sex?" He laughed. "Uh, no." He paused and looked at his little girl. "Please don't say..."
"I love anal sex! I love it when Howie gives me a good ass fucking!"
"You're killing me. You know that, right? You're literally killing me. Wait. What're you doing?"
Bernadette got out of her chair and walked to her father until she was facing him. She smiled then cupped her breasts and lightly shook them directly in front of his face. "Who has better boobs? Me or Mom?"
"Awww, come on, Bernadette. Get those out of my face."
"Daddy, you constantly stare at my tits. You think I didn't notice?"
Mike almost had a stroke. "What?! I most certainly have not!"
Bernadette giggled. "He he! Oh Daddy, don't lie. It's okay. I don't mind. I've seen you staring at them today."
"Well, hell, who could help it?! You've got them out there for everybody to see!"
She giggled again. "I'm comfortable with my body, Daddy. Now, who has the best boobs, Mom or me?"
He took a deep breath and looked away. "Fine. You do."
"Ha! I knew it! I think so, too. Mine are way better than Mom's. Nice and firm and big. And my nipples!" She pinched an erect nipple and squeaked. "They're so sensitive! When a man sucks on them it just drives me crazy!" She reached up and pulled one strap off her shoulder, then the other. The garment fell to the floor and gathered around her ankles.
"Oh, Jesus! What...what do you think you're doing?! Put some clothes on!"
"He he! Oh, Daddy." She paused. "Don't you want to grab my tits?"
"Do I...what?!"
"Grab my tits. Don't you want to grab my tits? Every other man does." She reached down, grabbed his hands that were resting on his thighs, lifted them to her chest, then pressed them into her fleshy mounds. They sat there, paralyzed, until she began to manipulate his hands for him. "Mmmmmmm, doesn't that feel nice?"
"I...I..."
She pulled her hands away and he began to softly knead her globes on his own.
"Go ahead. Pinch one of my nipples. It's okay." She squeaked when he did. "Oh my goodness! Your big, strong hands feel so good. Don't my tits feel good? Nice and firm?"
"I, uh...uh...um, yes, they're very firm," he mumbled while he stared at them.
She reached behind his head and pulled him close. She squeaked again when a nipple got sucked in between his lips.
She ran her fingers through his thinning hair. "Mmmmmmm, Daddy, that feels nice," she cooed while he fondled and lapped at her assets.
After a few moments, she pulled away. First he watched her chest back away, then he bowed his head. He snapped his head back up when he realized she was slowly dropping to the floor. She had a crooked grin on her face. Her eyes twinkled.
"What...what...what're you doing?" he asked just as she landed on her knees. He jumped when her hands began to run up his thighs.
She looked into his shocked face. "I'm doing something Mom should've done years ago."
ZIIIIIIIIP!
"Ohmagawd! Bernadette...you...you don't have to do that...(GASP!)" The breath left his body when her warm, soft hand reached inside his tighty whities and wrapped around his swollen manhood.
"I know I don't have to, Daddy. I want to." His shorts fell away when she yanked his throbbing pole out. It was perfectly average in every way. "Don't you remember the blow job I gave you on the rooftop at my wedding? You blew your load all over my tits!"
"Well...uh...there was alcohol involved there..."
She smiled up at him. "But you're completely sober now. What's your excuse for this hard on today?" She began to slowly stroke the veiny shaft. "Mmmmmmm, what a nice, fat cock you have, Daddy." She looked into his face. "It sure looks like it wants me to."
"I...I can't help it. It's got a mind of its own!"
"He he! That's what every man says. It looks like it's thinking naughty things."
"I...it...I...(GASP!) Huh-gah!" he barked when her face dove into his lap and her tongue landed in the crease between his ball sack and his shaft. "Ohhhhhhhmagawd," he moaned when her tongue run along the underside of his bone, swirled around the tip, then did it again. "Oh-gah!" he yiped when she swatted at his balls with her tongue, then sucked one into her mouth and rolled it around like a marble.
She lifted her head out of his lap and looked up at him with a devilish look. "Do you like that, Daddy? Do you like it when I sucked your balls?"
"I...I...gah-fuck!" His head snapped back into sofa when she took him into her mouth and swallowed him whole. He watched the back of her head bob in and out of his lap. "Ohmagawd, Bernadette," he moaned. "You...you shouldn't...ohmagawd, that feels so good!"
"Mmmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmmhmmmm!" Her hand slipped between her legs. She gave a muffled squeak at the first swat of her finger to her raised kernel.
His hands went to the back of her head as a natural instinct. He leaned his head back against the couch and closed his eyes. This was a feeling unlike he'd ever felt before. He tried to ignore the fact it was his little girl giving him this pleasure.
She...she wants to please her Daddy. That's all. She just wants to make her Daddy happy. Yes, that's it. That's all this is.
It wasn't long before she felt him begin to throb mightily in her throat.Oh shit! He's going to cum already! Should I let him finish? Dammit!
She decided to bob faster and suck harder. The throbbing in her face grew stronger. She could feel his heart race. Being his first time, he didn't know what to do. His body tensed. His hands balled into fists.
"Oh God! Oh God! I...I...I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna do it! Oh God! Ready?! Ready?! Ggggggaaaahhhhhhh!"
She felt spurts of thick, warm spunk shoot down the back of her throat with each jerk of his body. She sucked his hose as if she was trying to pull a golf ball through it while he moaned and groaned.
When the bitter taste of his jizz finally stopped filling her mouth, she pulled away. She looked up and swiped her forearm across her chin. Sweat was pouring off his face.
Raj and Stuart were beside themselves.
Raj threw his hands in the air. "Did he just cum? That's it?! No money shot or anything?! What the fuck, dude?!"
"I know, right? Nobody's going to pay to see that! What the hell?!"
"Did you like that, Daddy?"
"Bernadette...Jesus. I...I...that's so...naughty...filthy...degenerate..."
"Oh, come on, Daddy! It was just a blow job. If you thought that was naughty, you ain't seen nothin' yet!"
"You know, you may be a grown woman, but you're not too old for me to throw you across my knee!" he growled.
"Really?! Ooooo, yay!" She leapt to her feet and threw herself across his lap.
Mike was shocked at this sudden turn of events. "What the...I wasn't serious."
"Oh, I am! Go ahead, spank me."
"Seriously?" She nodded her head. He patted her toned ass.
"Oh, come on, Daddy! You can do better than that." Swat. "Come on, Daddy." Pop! She squeaked. "Better."
"Harder?"
"Mmmmmhmmmm."
Crack! She squeaked louder. "Harder, Daddy! Your little girl's been bad. She deserves to be punished!"
He pulled his hand back.
CRACK! The sound of skin on skin echoed off the walls.
Her body jumped. "Gah-fuck!"
"I'm sorry, Bernadette!"
"Sorry? Do it again!" CRACK! "Oh FUCK yes! Again!" CRACK! YIPE! CRACK! YIPE! One cheek was bright red. His hand crashed down on the other cheek. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! "Ah FUCK!" CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! "Ohmagawd yes!"
"You're right. You're right! You've been a naughty little bitch who should be punished!"
CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
"Oh FUCK! I do! I do!"
CRACK! CRACK! CRACK!
"I should've done this a long time ago!"
"Yes! Yes!" CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! "Gah-fuck!"
He paused. "Had enough?"
Her ass was red as a fire truck. "Ohmagawd...ohmagawd...ohmagawd..." she panted. CRACK! CRACK! CRACK! "GAH! Daddy! Daddy!"
"What?!" he growled.
"Ohmagawd...Daddy...this...this is making me so wet! Look at my pussy. It...it...ohmagawd, I'm so wet right now!" She lifted a leg onto the couch and spread them apart as wide as possible.
Mike looked between her legs. He saw two swollen, glistening pink lips. "Jesus," he moaned.
"I...I want you to stick a finger in it. I want you to finger fuck my hot little pussy, Daddy."
"Oh, Christ," he muttered.
"Come on, Daddy. Finger fuck your little girl. Please? I really, really want you to."
"Shit," he cursed. She shivered when he ran his rough middle finger the length of her slit. "Jesus, Bernadette. You're soaked!"
"I know, Daddy. I want you so bad! Please!" His finger slipped inside her until he was knuckle deep with ease. "Ohhhhhhhmagawd, yes!"
He slowly began to slide his finger in and out. "Like that?"
She nodded her head. "Mmmmhmmmm. Now...now put another finger in."
"Another finger?!" She nodded her head and moaned. "Jesus Christ," he sighed and slipped his index finger in.
"Mmmmmmm yes," she said breathily. "Now do it faster. And harder." He began to do exactly that. "Faster...Mmmmmhmmmm...harder....mmmmmmm, yes....faster...harder!"
Mike pumped his arm as fast as he could. His knuckles slammed into her gash with every stab. Soon she was gripping a worn couch cushion with one hand and his ankle with the other.
"Oh yes! Just like that! Oh yeah! That's it! Right there! Don't stop!" Her body tensed. "Oh Lord in Heaven! Yes! Yes! Yaaaaaasssss!"
Mike felt her muscles convulse around his pumping digits.
"Ohmagawd! Look at that 'O' face!" Raj said as he watched the flickering screen in the garage.
"Oh yeah! She's cumming hard!" Stuart observed.
Mike finally withdrew from her snatch and Bernadette rolled off his lap. He looked at his shiny fingers wondering what he should do when Bernadette grabbed his wrist and sucked his fingers into her mouth. She sucked him hard while she rolled her tongue around his digits.
"Mmmmmmmm, yummy," she purred when she removed his fingers with a "pop". "I love the taste of myself." Then she saw it out of the corner of her eye. Mike shuddered when she gripped his fresh hard on. "Ooooooo, look at you, Daddy!"
"Holy shit!" he said, looking down at her stroking him. "That hasn't happened in 30 years!"
She looked up at him with an evil smile. "I guess you like a little rough play, too, huh?"
"I...I..."
"I know exactly what to do with this bad boy," she squeaked as she brought herself to her feet and slid over his legs.
"What?! Ohmagawd, Bernadette! We...we can't do...that!"
She titled her head and smiled. "Seriously, Daddy? I had your cock in my mouth, you blew your load down my throat, and you just finger fucked me until I came. But actual intercourse is where you draw the line?"
"It...that's different!" He felt the heat of her still twitching twat hover over his tip. "We shouldn't. We can't!"
She briefly bit her lip when she rested on him. She stared into his face with a crooked smile. "We should...and we will."
"But...but...you're my little girl."
"Your little girl's all grown up, Daddy. I'll bet your little girl has the tightest little cunt you'll ever fuck. Don't you want to fuck my tight little cunt, Daddy?"
"Jesus, Bernadette. We...we...ohmagawd!" he howled when his swollen head cut through her like a hot knife through butter.
"Ohhhhhhhh holy mother Mary," she groaned while she slid down his pole until she landed in her lap. "Ohmagawd, Daddy, you feel so good inside of me."
"Jesus Christ, Bernadette. You're so tight! It's like you're squeezing me!"
"That's because your cock is so fucking big, Daddy. Now, fuck your little girl with that big, fat cock of yours," she said as she began to rise and lower in his lap.
"Jesus, Bernadette, you've got the mouth of a hooker. Where'd you learn that kind of language?"
She grinned. "Mmmmmmm. You fuck enough men, you learn what they like. They don't want to fuck their wife, or their girlfriend, or their...oh God...or their student. They...they...mmmmmm...they want to fuck a cheap, big titted whore. And...and...ohmagawd, you feel so good...as it turns out, I like being treated like...like a cheap whore."
"My God, Bernadette," Mike moaned. "I had know idea my little...mmmmmmfuck...my little girl was such a sl...sl...damn!...such a slut."
She nodded her head while staring at him with fuck-me eyes. "Mmmmmmhmmmmm. You're little girl's a big ol' slut. Oh yeah. You have no...no idea. Mmmmmhmmmm. Do you like your little girl's slutty little pussy, Daddy?"
"My God, Bernadette. You're...you're so tight."
"What's so tight, Daddy? Say it. What's so tight?"
He swallowed hard. "My...my little girl's slutty light cunt is tight as fuck!"
"Mmmmmm, that's better. Don't you want to suck on my big, slutty titties, Daddy? OH!" Mike clamped down on her massive mounds and began to buck his hips. "Oh yes! That's it, Daddy! Oh, fuck yes!" She wrapped her arms around his head and pulled him tight while she ran her fingers through his hair.
The living room quickly filled with moans, groans, and cursing. It soon smelled like sex and sweat.
Her snatch was still quivering from the finger fuck orgasm when she climbed into his lap. It didn't take long riding his stick to bring her to the edge of ecstasy again. She began grinding into his lap harder. He felt her muscles beginning to contract again.
He pulled out of her chest and glared into her twisting face. "You want to be treated like a whore? Fine! You're about to cum again, aren't you, slut? Huh? You're about to fuckin' cum again, aren't you?" he growled.
"Ohmagawd, yes, Daddy! Your cock feels so good in my slutty little pussy! Ohmagawd, don't stop!"
"Who said anything about stopping, you dumb fucking cunt? Come on, you bitch! Show me how a cheap fucking whore cums!"
She felt like two freight trains were racing up her thighs. "Ohmagawd, yes! Daddy, don't stop! Fuck my tight little cunt! Oh yes! You feel so fucking good!"
He tossed her into the air higher and higher. Sweat rolled off his face. "Come on, you cheap fucking cunt! Do it!"
"Ohmagawd! Ohmagawd! Oh sweet Jesus! Oh yeah! Oh yeah! Yes! Yaaaaaasssss!" The two freight trains collided at her gash and exploded. It felt as if a California earthquake was tearing through her tiny body. "Mother Mary and Joseph fuck!" she cried out forgetting the windows were open.
She squeezed him tight and rode him hard while he thrust his hips as high as he could. After what seemed like an hour, the pair finally sank into the couch. Her head fell onto his shoulder.
"Ohmagawd, Daddy, that was great," she panted.
He leaned back into the couch. "That was incredible."
Then she felt it. "Wait...you didn't...finish!"
He raised his head. "Uh, no, I guess I didn't it," he said surprised.
"Howie always lasts longer with the second one, too."
"I...I really didn't need to know that."
She gave him a crooked grin. "You deserve a reward. And I've got just the thing." She started to climb out of his lap.
Mike was a little scared at what she might have in store for him. "Oh shit. Now what?"
"Just come over here," she said playfully. She stood at the side of the couch, put her hands on the armrest, and bent over. She wiggled her ass. Her body language changed. "Now I want you to fuck my ass with that big, fat cock," she said in a low, husky voice.
Mike's eyebrows nearly flew off his head as he stood there. "Oh shit! Are...are you serious?"
She stared back at him with bedroom eyes. "Do I look like I'm kidding?" She wiggled her ass again. "Now get over here and stuff that fat cock up my ass, pull my hair, and fuck me like the cheap little whore that I am."
Mike's dark side reemerged as his bouncing pole lead the way and he stepped behind her. He gripped his slick shaft and stared down at her heart-shaped ass. "I'm gonna split you in two," he hissed. The words sent a chill up her spin.
Raj and Stuart's jaws dropped. "Oh shit!" they yelled in unison.
Mike slid forward and touched the tip of his swollen head to her winking rosebud and paused.
She looked back at him over her shoulder. "Do it, Daddy." He threw his hips forward. Her head snapped back. Her back arched. "OH! You motherfucker!"
"Ha! You like that, you fucking cunt?! I told you I was going to split you in two!" He grabbed her hips tight, pulled back, and threw his hips forward again.
"Oh dear heavenly father FUCK!" she barked.
"How dare you use the Lord's name in vain while you're getting fucked up the ass!" He pulled back and went balls deep a third time.
"Oh my fucking God! I...I'm sorry! I...I won't do it again!"
"Goddamn right you won't do it again, you fucking bitch!" CRACK! YIPE! He began to pummel her ass with his brawn. "Your ass is even tighter than your fucking cunt! Christ! It...it's like it's sucking me in!"
"Yes! Yes! Wreck my tight little ass, Daddy!"
"Grrrrrrrr! Does...does your precious fuckingggggrrrrr Howard fuck your ass like this? Huh? Huh?! Answer me, goddammit!" CRACK! YIPE!
"No! No, Daddy! You...you're cock is so...so much bigger than his! Ohmagawd! You...you feel so good!"
He continued to abuse her ass for several more minutes, lasting longer than either one thought he would. But the inevitable finally came to pass. She could feel him throbbing inside her dark cavity. His thrusts began to stutter. She looked back at his contorted face.
"You're about to cum, aren't you, Daddy?"
"Y-y-yes! Yes...yes I am!"
"Pull out! Pull out!"
He did as told, stepped back, and looked down at her gaped hole just before she spun around and dropped to her knees. She cupped her cum catchers and shook them.
"C'mon, Daddy! Cum on my tits! C'mon, Daddy! Cover my tits with your cum! Come on! I want to see it! Give it to me!"
"You want it? You want me to cum on your tits? Huh? Is that it?!" he barked while he stroked his muscle.
"Yes, Daddy! Give it to me! I want it all!"
"Oh, you fucking bitch! Oh God! Oh God! I...I...I'm gonna do it! I'm gonna do it! Oh God! Ready?! Ready?! Ggggggaaaahhhhhhh!"
A thick, short rope of milky white shot out of his revolver and hit its mark.
"Oh yeah! Hell yeah, Daddy! Give it to your little girl!" she cried out when the first shot splashed across the top of her globes.
A second and third smaller spurts spit out and just barely hit their mark. She quickly replaced his hand with hers.
He jumped when her lips wrapped around his still pulsing rod. "Oh Gah!"
Her hand and head moved along his shaft in sync. He felt like he was getting a blow job and jerked off at the same time. She coaxed every last drop of his thick, salty seed from his body.
She finally released him with a "pop". He glanced down at her. She smiled a nasty smile back at him, then opened her mouth, revealing a spiderweb of white. She closed her mouth, gulped, and opened back up. Her mouth was a sexy shade of red.
"Holy shit," Mike moaned. He stumbled and fell back into a chair.I just fucked my little girl senseless! And enjoyed it! Oh my God!
"Mmmmmmmm," Bernadette purred as she scooped the thick goop from her chest and slipped it between her lips. "Yummy."
"I...I'm sorry, Bernadette. I got carried away. I think I took out some of my frustration with your mother out on you. I'm sorry."Fucking bitch!
"Are you fucking kidding me?! I loved it!"
"Seriously?"I did, too! Just admit it!
"Abso-fucking-lutely, Daddy!"
"Jesus Christ," Mike moaned while he wiped the sweat from his brow. "Howard's a lucky man."
Bernadette beamed. "Damn skippy he is!"
"We...we really shouldn't have done...that."But we did! And I loved it! What's wrong with me?!
"Are you kidding?! I loved every minute of it!"
"Jesus, Bernadette," Mike groaned.I did, too! Fuck!
Bernadette smiled. "Tell me you didn't love fucking my every hole."
"Damn, Bernadette. I mean, that kind of talk during, you know,that, is one thing. But you're still my little girl."Who am I kidding? Certainly not her! I've never had sex that hot!
"He he! You're little girl that you just fucked like a cheap whore."
"You know, I used to arrest girls who did those kinds of things because they were working on a street corner doing it for money."
A crooked smile crossed her face. "Who says I'm not fucking men for money?"Hookers wish they made as much money as I do with my website!
Mike's head almost exploded. "What?! Are...are...are you hooking?! Is Howard pimping you out?! I'll kill that little bastard!"
"No no, nothing like that, Daddy. Settle down."
"What do you mean 'nothing like that'?"
"Oh, nothing, Daddy. I was just posing a hypothetical question."
"Okay. Well, I, uh, I really should get going." He stood up, tucked himself back in, and zipped up.I need to get out of here before I split her shit again!
Bernadette stood, as well, and gave him an exaggerated innocent look. "Would you like to take a shower with me before you go, Daddy? I need to wash your stuff off of my tits." She ran her fingers over her breasts and scooped more spunk between her lips.
The thought raced through his brain.Do it! The cunt wants it! You know she does! And you want to give it to her!Mike shook his head as if he was wiping away the cobwebs and held up a defensive hand. "Uh, no, I don't think so. I think we've done quite enough today."
They walked to the door, which Mike opened and walked out. Bernadette walked to the entrance and stopped.
"Good grief! Put some clothes on! The whole world doesn't need to see...everything!"
She smiled back at him while she stood in the doorway naked with her father's cum dripping off of her erect nipples. "They've probably already seen it, Daddy." He just frowned, shook his head, and turned to walk away. "What? No kiss for your little girl?" she asked playfully.
"Oh. Right. Sorry."
He turned back to her and bent to give her the usual peck on the cheek. She wrapped her arms behind his neck, yanked him down, and planted a hot, passionate, open mouth kiss on his lips. Her tongue darted in and out of his mouth before he pulled away.
"Jesus, Bernadette! People will see!"
"He he! So, that's the problem you had with that kiss? That people might see?"
"Well...uh...no! I mean..." His head was spinning.Her mother never kissed me like that!"I'd better go." He turned and walked down the porch steps.
"Hey Daddy!" He stopped in the yard and turned to her. She had a mischievous look on her face. "I'll be your slutty little girl fuck doll anytime you want."
Mike's head spun around looking for prying eyes. "Dammit, Bernadette! Somebody might hear you!"
"He he! I know they've heard worse coming from this house!"
Mike bowed his head and rubbed his forehead. "Jesus, Bernadette," he groaned.
"Love you, Daddy!"
"I, uh, I love you, too."
Bernadette had no sooner closed the front door when she heard the back door slam shut and the pitter patter of rushing feet. Raj and Stuart burst into the leaving room wide eyed.
"That was fucking hot!" Raj exclaimed.
"That was awesome!" Stuart proclaimed.
Bernadette giggled then held her finger to her lips. "He he! Shhhhhhh! Daddy's still in the driveway!"
The two men recoiled.
"Oh! Right!" Raj sad quietly. "That was fucking hot!"
"Incredible!" Stuart chimed in.
Bernadette was beaming. "Really? You think so?"
"Hell yes!" the two men said in unison.
Bernadette gave a knowing nod to their crotches and grinned. "I can see from the bulges in your pants that you enjoyed it."
Both men looked down then threw their hands over their sizeable bumps.
"Oh! Yeah...well..." Stuart mumbled.
"Well, in our defense, it was fucking hot!" Raj said defiantly.
"He he! I'm glad you think so. Hopefully my fans think so, too, and are willing to pay a butt load of money to see it!"
"If they don't like it then they must be gay," Raj stated, then paused. "Not that there's anything wrong with that."
"I know I'd pay a butt load to see it!" Stuart said with excitement. "Well, I mean, if I watched stuff like that."
Raj shook his head. "Ohmagawd, dude, give it up."
Bernadette stepped towards the two men. "I have an idea," she whirred. Both men jumped when she lightly grabbed their bulges. "These look really uncomfortable. Let's make a bonus clip for my website. Why don't you boys take your pants off and we'll see what I can do to fix these." In a flash, two pairs of pants and boxers were on the floor. Both men sighed when her warm hands wrapped around their handles. "My God, you two have beautiful cocks," she buzzed while she stroked them. "Stuart, how about you go lay down on the couch?"
Stuart practically flew onto the couch and landed with a thud. Bernadette climbed onto the couch and straddled his pasty white frame. She grabbed his pole and held it steady. He felt the heat of her slit just before she touched the tip of his thick arrow. She smiled down at him. They both gave a quick gasp when his bulbous head split her velvety folds. They both moaned while she slid down his pole until she was sitting in his lap.
"Holy mother Mary!" Bernadette cried out. "You're so fucking big! I think you're in my throat!"
"Ohmagawd, Bernadette! Your...your pussy is...it's so fucking tight!" He looked up at Raj. "Dude! It's squeezing me like a vise grip!"
Raj nodded. "I know, right?!"
Bernadette looked over her shoulder at Raj. "Okay, big boy. Why don't you bring that big, fat caramel cock of yours over here and fill my tight little ass with it?"
"With pleasure!"
Raj climbed onto the couch and slid forward. A chill ran up Bernadette's spine when he touched her gaped hole and she bit her bottom lip. He leaned forward. His large, purple tip slipped past her sphincter.
Her head snapped back when he landed balls deep. "Mother Mary and Joseph fuck!"
Raj leaned forward. "How do you like that...bitch?" he hissed.
"Oh my God! I love it! You're...you're two fat cocks...ohmagawd, they feel so good!"
Raj looked over her shoulder at Stuart's face. "Let's fuck this cunt."
"Sounds good to me!"
Both men pulled back then threw their hips forward.
Her head snapped back again. "Oh dear Lord in heaven! Fuck!"
Raj laughed an evil laugh. "Ha ha ha! Take that, slut!" CRACK! YIPE!
"Ohmagawd, yes!" she screeched.
Just then, there was a light knock at the door that no one heard, then it swung open. It was her father.
"One more thing, Bern..." His jaw dropped. His eyes flew open. "What the hell?!"
Bernadette lifted her head and smiled. "Daddy!"
Raj and Stuart froze.
"Oh shit," Raj muttered. "Uh, hello, Mr. Rostenkowski. You're looking very...large and ominous today."
"Aww shit, we're dead. I'm dead. He's gonna kill us. Today's the day I die," Stuart mumbled.
"What...what...what the hell is going on here?!" Mike bellowed.
"I...I can explain..." Raj stammered.
Mike pointed a beefy finger at him. "You shut up! I'll deal with you later!" He looked down at his cock-stuffed daughter. "What the hell is going on here?!"
"They're fucking me, Daddy! They're fucking me with their big, fat cocks good and hard in my fucking home! Because I asked them to! I want them to fuck me with their big, fat cocks! Because I love it! I can't get enough of it!"
Raj shrugged his shoulders. "It's true. She really is a cock hungry slut, sir."
Mike couldn't believe what he was hearing.My little girl really is a cock hungry slut!"I...I...uh...you..." He couldn't put a coherent sentence together. His blood rushed to his groin.Am I...am I seriously getting a hard on right now?!
"And if you don't like it, then get the fuck out!" Bernadette barked. "And, if you're going to stay, bring that fat cock over here and shove it down my throat!"
"Uh...what?"
"You heard me! Bring that fat fucking cock of yours over here and fuck my face with it or get the fuck out!"
Mike's face went red. "You fuckingbitch!"He stomped towards the couch while unzipping his pants at the same time. "Fine! You wanna be a cock loving whore? I'll treat you like a cock loving whore!"
"Ooooo yay!" Bernadette squealed. Her father's rod fell out of his pants as he approached. "Ooooo, look at that big, fat co-gggggffffkkkkk..." Before she could finish, her father's hands were behind her head and his balls slapped against her chin.
"I'm gonna stab you're fuckin' brain with it!" He growled. He looked at Raj's stunned face. "Well, what're you waiting for?! Fuck this cunt!"
"Oh! Yes-yes-yes, sir!"
Raj promptly gripped her ample hips and began to drive his own hips forward as hard as he could with each thrust, which only drove Mike's prod into her throat even deeper and caused her to slide on Stuart's massive tool longer and faster while he sucked hard on her sharp nipples. Bernadette gurgled and slurped every time her nose buried into her father's groin. The old couch cushions did nothing to absorb the grunts and groans that were landing on it. The four bodies proceeded to moan, groan, pump and slurp for several minutes before Bernadette started to hum louder and louder.
"Oh shit, dude! She's gonna cum!" Stuart announced.
"Holy crap! Her butt is squeezing me like crazy!" Raj replied.
My little girl really is a total slut!Mike thought to himself while sweat rolled down his face.
Bernadette was blind with lust. It felt like 4thof July fireworks were going off inside her. Every nerve ending was on fire. "Mmmmmmm! Mmmmmmmggggffffff!" she moaned.
While her body trembled, her father's thrusts into her face began to stutter. "Oh! Oh God!"
"Give it to her, dude! Shoot it down her throat!" Raj demanded.
Bernadette nodded her head a hummed around his throbbing stick. "Mmmmmhmmmm! Mmmmmhmmmm!"
Mike closed his eyes and tilted his head back. "Oh, you fucking bitch! Oh God! Oh God! Ready?! Ready?! Ggggggaaaahhhhhhh!"
Bernadette sucked and swallowed as fast as she could . The taste and feeling of her father's spunk shooting down the back of her throat only elongated her own orgasm. He drove his hips into her face with hard, deliberate thrusts, until he was spent.
He pulled back from her still rocking head. "Jesus Christ," he panted.
"Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! You...you...you were...great...Daddy!" she complimented him, even though he was barely average.
"Dude! I...I can't take anymore!" Stuart declared from underneath Bernadette's bouncing body.
Raj nodded. "Ohmagawd, me either! I'm about to explode! Dude, let's...let's do it on her tits!"
"Oh yeah, you bastards! Do it!" Bernadette barked.
Staurt agreed. "Ooooo! Good idea!"
"Oooooo yeah, do it on my tits!" Bernadette said.
As if it was perfectly choreographed, Raj pulled out of her gaped hole and pinched off his hose. Bernadette crawled off of Stuart onto her knees and Stuart leapt to his feet. Raj and Stuart stood on either side of Bernadette and stroked their throbbing muscles hard and fast.
Bernadette cupped and massaged each man's sweaty ball sack and looked up at each one with sexy eyes. "Come on, you bastards. Do you want to cum on my tits? Huh? Do you want to cover my big, fat tits with hot, sticky cum? Do it. Give it to me. Let me see it," she whirred like a phone sex girl while she shook her cum catchers side to side..
Raj's body tensed. "Dude! Let's glaze this bitch!"
"Oh yeah! Let's do it!"
Raj's body stuttered. "Oh, yes! Oh, yes! Here it comes! Here it comes, you little white devil! Yah! Yah! Ggggaaaaaahhhhhh!" A thick, white rope shot out of Raj's caramel colored shotgun. It landed with a splat on her left breast and ran up her chest.
"Oooo yeah, baby! Oooo, yeah!" Bernadette cheered. Another rope shot out and striped across her chest.
Stuart's face contorted. His body tensed even more than usual. "Oh, geez! Oh, geez! I'm gonna...I'm gonna...oh geez, I'm gonna do it! Don't die! Don't die! Oh geeeeeeez!" It was like something out of an old porn flick. A gush of jizz fired out of Stuart like it'd been shot out of a cannon. It crashed into her cleavage and shot up and over both breasts.
The force knocked Bernadette back. "Oh my God! Yeah, baby, give it to me!"
"Ohmagawd! Look! I'm doing it again!" Stuart shouted with glee as a second and third volley rang out, coating her chest and throat.
Bernadette quickly gripped both men's hoses and pulled them close, taking each one into her mouth and sucking them dry.
"Holy shit! That was awesome!" Raj panted while Bernadette licked the underside of his throbbing hose.
"Yeah it was!" Stuart said with glee just before Raj high-fived him.
They had totally forgotten her father was there.
"Jesus, Bernadette," Mike moaned.
She scooped two fingers worth of cum off of her coated chest and slipped them between her lips. She sucked hard, then pulled out the clean digits with a "pop" and smiled up at her father. "Mmmmmm, yummy."
"You really are a cock loving slut, aren't you?" he asked in disbelief.
She nodded. "Mmmmmmhmmmmmm."
Stuart nodded. "She really is."
"I especially love your cock, Daddy," she crooned. It was a lie. His wasn't nearly large enough to satisfy her. But he didn't need to know that.
"And cum! Don't forget cum. Ohmagawd, she loves cum," Raj chipped in.
Bernadette nodded. "Mmmmmhmmmmm. I love the taste of a man's cum." She stared into her father's face. "I could swallow your cum every day, Daddy, if you wanted me to."
And, God help me, I'd be happy to give it to you every day!"Bernadette, I...I..."
"Say you love me, Daddy."
He took a deep breath. "I...I love you, Bernadette. No matter what, you'll always be my little girl."Even with my cock shoved down your throat or up your tight little whore ass!
"I...I think I'm going to cry," Raj muttered. Stuart reached over and tenderly rubbed his friend's back.
"I...I need to go before your mother calls and wants to know where I am."Not that the bitch cares!
"I'm here for you, Daddy..." She paused. Her body language changed. Her eyes had an evil glint. "Whenever you want me to suck that big, fat cock, like a good little whore, just let me know."
I'd give it to you now if I thought I could get it up, you bitch!He winked at her. "I'll let you know." He zipped up and turned to the door. "I really do have to go."
"Love you, Daddy."
"It's been fun, Mr. Rostenkowski!" Stuart said cheerfully.
"Yah! It was fun!" Raj chimed in.
Mike turned and glared at them for several moments, then turned and walked out the door.
The three looked at each other. Raj and Stuart were drenched in sweat. Bernadette's long, blonde hair was matted to her naked body. Cum dripped off her tits like a leaky faucet and it streaked through her cleavage and down her taut stomach like a river.
She took another scoop off of her breasts and slipped it between her lips, then looked down at her cum-covered body. "You boys made a real mess of me," she said with a smile.
"Hell yah we did!" Raj exclaimed.
"And you're welcome," Stuart added. The three chuckled.
"That's going to make a great addition to the website!" Raj said full of excitement.
"You think so?" Bernadette asked.
Stuart nodded emphatically. "Oh yeah it will! It might break the internet!" They laughed again.
"And your Dad? Wow! I mean...wow!" Raj said.
"I know, right?!" Stuart added.
"I mean, he went at you like a cheap whore! Dayum!"
Bernadette raised her eyebrows in surprise. "Yeah he did! I didn't expect that. I wonder how long it'll be before he wants some more?"
Raj shrugged his shoulders. "I dunno. But when he does, let us know! Your fans will eat the father-daughter shit up!"
Bernadette nodded her head and with a crooked smile. "Oh, I will." She paused. "Well, get on uploading that to the website as soon as you can, okay? Ireallyneed to take a shower," she said as she climbed onto her wobbly legs.
Raj pointed a finger at her. "You got it!"
"Good job today!" Stuart added.
Raj nodded. "Yah! Really good job!"
"Thanks guys." She winked. "You guys weren't so bad yourselves."
Stuart waved his hand. "Awww shucks."
"Yah, you're just saying that," Raj said embarrassed.
Bernadette laughed. "Okay, guys. I really need to take a shower before I stain this carpet beyond repair."
"Okay! We'll let you know when it's on the website!"
"Thanks, guys."
As she climbed the stairs to take her badly needed shower, Bernadette smiled and thought to herself,I wonder how long it will be before Daddy comes to visit his slutty little girl? Maybe I should pay him a visit while Mom's home. That could be fun!