It's finals week of college. My students are all taking their seats for a transpersonal psychology final essay. I set up the projection screen in the auditorium and put up a timer. I take a seat in the production booth, set up my laptop, and use it as an office. "All students, please take your seats. We will be starting the exam in the next 5 minutes. You just need simple notebook paper and a pencil." Everyone gets seated, and I start the timer. 15 minutes into the exam, one of my students walk into the auditorium. Bewildered, she looks for me and sees me in the production booth. She comes up to the window and knocks.
I open the door to see what she wants. Before I can ask, she steps into the booth. The door closes behind her. "You know, I can talk to you outside, Miss."
"I'm sorry, Professor. I can go back outside."
"No point now, why are you late today?"
"I didn't know we were having the final in the auditorium. I haven't checked my email lately."
"You have a bad habit of not showing up to my classes. Now you're late for the final."
"I'm sorry, I've been sick. I thought I emailed you."
"You did, but that doesn't excuse you after the 5th time...it's become a problem. And your grades aren't making up for your lack of attendance."
"I really just don't get this material. I grew up catholic, all of this mystical stuff just doesn't make sense to me."
I sigh. "What are we going to do about this...the final has already started. Don't you plan on writing your final?"
"I guess I should." She turns around and fumbles with her notebook. She drops it and bends over to pick it up. I can see she's wearing a thong under her skirt. She realizes she's bending over in front of me, and turn around blushing. "I'm so sorry."
"No, it's alright...maybe we can figure something out."
"...What do you mean?"
"Well, you're a young lady..."
"Oh...I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that."
"I didn't say anything...but if you wish, you should join the other students."
She thinks for a moment. She then starts to move her skirt around, and her undies fall for the ground. She picks them up, rolls them in a ball, puts them in my hand, and sits in my lap. "What would you like me to do professor?"
I reach for my laptop to close it, but miss and hit the controls in the booth. After fumbling with the keys to reset them, I close my laptop and push it aside. I start to rub one of her thighs up and down slowly. I then slowly reach under her skirt and trace my fingers towards her pubis. As I get closer, she spreads her legs. I press my fingers up against her pussy lips, and she breathes harshly. I then slide my fingers up to her clit and rub it in circles. She starts to breathe heavily. I whisper in her ear "Put me in your mouth." She gets on her knees in front of me. I spread my legs as she undoes my pants. She reaches inside and grabs my dick. She gives it a few strokes and licks it a bit to get it hard. Then, she puts it in her mouth and starts sucking it.
I reach down and start lifting her shirt. She raises your arms, dick still in her mouth, and helps me take it off. She releases my dick with a twist of her tongue and removes her shirt. She then reaches behind and unclasps her bra. As I slide her straps down, she grabs my dick again and places it back in her mouth. She starts sucking on it hard and bobs her head up and down. I lift her up and invite her to sit on me. She pulls my pants and boxers off and adjusts herself to sit on top of me. She slides my dick inside her pussy and starts to ride me.
At first, she bounces yourself up and down with her legs. Then, she starts to grind her hips into my pelvis as she moves my dick deeper inside her. She starts moaning and grabs onto me; she pulls on me and I grab her tits. I start to lick and suck on her nipples. I bite them, and then start biting her neck. I pick her up and lay her down in the booth. We start fucking on the floor. I lift her legs and start to thrust into her. She plays with her tits and moans loudly. I go deeper, harder, pounding her into the floor. She moves your hips against me and cries out every time I go too deep, but begs for more. "Faster."
I pick her up again and push her up against the back wall. I grab her hips and fuck her as fast as I can. She can't even moa; all that escapes are tiny, high-pitched whimpers of pleasure as my dick goes in and out of her. I reach around and start to rub her clit. Her legs are trembling. I can feel her pussy tightening. "I-I'm gonna cum."
I pick her up once more and bend her over the control console. I fuck her hard and deep, and she moans even louder. She can't control yourself. Her pussy starts to spasm and her legs shake. She can feel my dick engorge as I cum inside her. She can feel my hot fluids fill up her pussy. She then turns around and start to suck me off to clean my dick. That's when she notices a light flickering on the ceiling in the booth. She swallows the rest of my load and turns around. When I fumbled with the controls, I accidentally turned on the projector in the booth. The entire auditorium just saw her get fucked by the professor.