On the Friday before what was scheduled to be my last life modelling session I took Rita to the naturist spa. It had become a bit of a regular fixture in the weeks when I wasn't posing for her class, and it was interesting to see how much more confident she was becoming as time went on. It was the first time that she undressed in the main locker area rather than retreating to the changing room. She wasn't going commando under her office attire this time, and when she stepped out of her knickers I noticed with approval that her pubes were neatly trimmed and made a mental note to ask about that later.
It was pretty quiet that evening, and we had the facilities mostly to ourselves. It was while we were chilling out in the jacuzzi that Rita mentioned a possible change of plan regarding the life drawing class. At the end of the course there would be an exhibition on the following Saturday, with each student showing 2 or 3 of their best pieces. It was an open event and was usually popular, but there had been a double booking which meant it had to be put back until the following weekend. I made sympathetic noises, and then she explained further.
"They were very apologetic, as they should be, and offered me an additional session for free. Thankfully nobody in the class has been put out by changing the date of the exhibition, and they're very happy about the bonus session."
"OK, and is your model available for the extra evening?"
"She is, but I thought it would be fun to do something a bit different and have both of you there for the extra evening - how do you feel about that?"
"I'll need to check, but I'm sure it won't be a problem."
The rest of the evening passed uneventfully. The handful of other customers were all men, and Rita was definitely being eyed up but nobody seemed to be in a chatty mood. The hostess for the evening was late and the masseuses were busy, so Rita was the only woman present and got quite a lot of discreet and not so discreet attention. She didn't bother to cover herself with her towel and appeared completely unselfconscious about her nudity and the looks she was attracting. The hostess - a chatty Indian girl who Rita hadn't met before - arrived in time to make us a cup of tea in the lounge and I half watched the TV while they swapped life stories.
When it was time to go Rita left her underwear off when she got dressed, which wasn't lost on a couple of guys who were around to get a glimpse of her reverse striptease. On the train I asked about her new trim and she confirmed that yes, she had tidied her bush up.
"I used a small pair of scissors at first, which was OK to tidy up the edges, but when I mentioned it to Jo she recommended the razor and gel combination she uses and I was able to get it much neater. I don't think I'll go completely bald, but now that my bush is on display I want it to be presentable."
"It works for me!"
"You're not the only one to judge from the looks I got from some of the men there this evening. It's quite gratifying to feel like a sex symbol - speaking of which, I would like you and my other model to come round to my place sometime next week."
"Always a pleasure, but why?"
"I haven't run a session with two models before, so I'd like to try and generate a few ideas. I also think it would be useful for the two of you to get used to each other beforehand - I know she has never done anything like this before, and I don't want her to panic at the last minute."
"Sounds good, just let me know when you want me."
When I got home I spoke to Jo on Skype and let her know about Rita's idea for me to model with my female counterpart. She seemed OK with the idea, and was also pleased that Rita was following her advice about pubic topiary and said that she would be speaking to her soon.
Quite a few messages pinged back and forth over the weekend, and it was arranged that me and the female model would meet at Rita's place on Monday evening.
I made a point of leaving work promptly on Monday, and had just wolfed down a pepperoni pizza when I got an unexpected Skype call from Jo.
"How's my hunky sex god this evening?'
"Overflowing with testosterone as usual. To what do I owe the pleasure?"
"You know how you're going to be getting up close and bollock naked with a young hottie about half your age this evening?"
"Thanks for reminding me, it must have slipped my mind!"
"I think it would be a good idea for you to pull yourself off before you go. I arranged to go in a bit later today so so I could help you."
She moved back from the camera and she was naked, shaved smooth and had her favourite vibrator in her hand.
"OK, get your kit off and let's see how quickly you can get hard."
I was pretty much fully erect by the time I was out of my boxers about 30 seconds later. One hand was teasing her nipples and the other was between her legs already.
"Nice to see you standing to attention! Like what you see, do you?"
While not massive, her tits are big enough that she can lick her own nipples, which was what she did next. I didn't need any prompting to start stroking my own shaft, and next thing I knew her vibrator was sliding in and out of her delectable slit.
"I want to see you shoot hot spunk, you horny sod!"
About 5 minutes later that was exactly what I did - Jo was just building up to her second orgasm and was - as she often does with me - was shouting absolute filth. I hope the walls of her apartment were reasonably sound proof, not that she would be bothered.
Once we had both caught our breath it was time for us to go our separate ways, her to the Tokyo office she was based in for a little while yet and me round to Rita's house. There was already a small car parked outside, and when I got in Rita introduced me to Marie, the female model who had been posing for her classes for the last couple of years. She looked to be in her early 20s, with shoulder length brown hair scraped back into a pony tail and an average figure beneath her baggy t shirt and what Americans would call yoga pants. Perfectly pleasant looking, but I probably wouldn't have given her a second glance if I saw her on the bus.
After a bit of desultory small talk, Rita wanted to get started. Marie disappeared to get changed, while I quickly stripped off in the living room while Rita moved a bit of furniture around. When Marie emerged I was pretty much gobsmacked - under her baggy clothes she had a trim, athletic figure with decent sized, firm boobs, an all over tan and a neatly trimmed pussy. With her hair down she exuded a kind of sultry sexuality that would have had me standing to attention immediately if I hadn't cracked one out a bit earlier (as it was there was a definite twitch).
Rita quickly took charge. "OK, let's get to work. Short poses first I think, and shall we have some music?"
"Yes, would you like to choose something Marie?"
And so the soundtrack for the evening was Ed Sheeran, which is what you get for being a gentleman. On the plus side, Marie struck some very interesting yoga style poses in those first few minutes, including one where she reached behind her with her left arm, took hold of her left foot and balanced like that with her body tilted forward. I was behind her and got a good view of her little pink slit for several minutes. When we switched to a new short pose she did the same thing with her right hand and foot, but this time facing me with her gorgeous tits thrust in my direction.
Rita then spent a bit of time with the two of us in possible long poses, eventually deciding to have one of us sitting on a chair and the other on the floor, which apparently would present some interesting challenges to the class.
After about an hour we broke for a quick drink. It didn't even occur to me to put anything on, and I was pleased that Marie also stayed nude while we chilled out for a few minutes - definitely not something she would normally do, I later found out, but felt sufficiently relaxed with me and Rita for it not to bother her. Then we tried a couple more permutations of long poses before Rita called it a night and Marie got dressed and headed home.
Almost as soon as the door closed Rita stepped out of the long, loose skirt she had been wearing and guided my hand to her very warm and moist pussy.
"It's not supposed to work that way, but having the two of you pose for me has made me really horny. I'm not into other women, but for some reason I really wanted to get my hands on her tonight."
I got busy with my fingers and frigged her off in a couple of minutes, before pulling her t shirt over her head and laying her down so I could go down on her properly. I thought that I had well and truly emptied my balls earlier, but I was rock hard again. Once I had brought Rita to another intense climax she returned the favour, cupping my balls and using her lips and tongue on my helmet, wrapping her other hand around my shaft and bringing me off like a pro. She had definitely taken a few hints from Jo!
Once we were finished I got dressed and drove home, having been waved goodbye by a still naked and glowing Rita standing at the end of her drive, something she wouldn't have dreamed of doing a few weeks before. The road she lived on was pretty quiet and she didn't have any immediate neighbours, but it was still a risky thing to do and was an image that stayed with me for the next couple of days until my final (solo) life modelling session.
The art class were all pleased when Rita announced that not only would there be an extra session at the end of the course, but also both models would be present, which would give them some interesting challenges. I stayed nude during the break, as I had done previously, and had interesting chats with a couple of the artists, both of whom were interested in booking me for private sessions.
After the class I had a chance to catch up with Rita and asked about her naked farewell to me.
"I almost did it without thinking, but it gave me a real thrill to be standing there knowing that there was a chance I might get seen accidentally. I spent about another 15 minutes outside after you left, mostly in my garden, but I was tempted to wander a bit further."
"You seem to be getting well and truly into nudism."
"I have really enjoyed our adventures so far, and I want to continue with what we've been doing, but I also like the idea of doing something a bit more risky."
Predictably enough, this brief chat had me standing to attention and Rita, considerate as always, took matters in her own hands and brought me off with real expertise. She didn't go down on me, she explained, because she enjoyed seeing me shoot my load, which made her the second woman to get off on watching me ejaculate in a week.
We then chatted about things a bit more, and agreed that we would fit in an overnight visit to the naturist camp soon and that I would also think of a few ideas for riskier activities that hopefully wouldn't get us arrested. In the meantime I suggested that she should investigate the countryside near her house. When I got home I had a Skype session with Jo and brought her up to date.
"It sounds like she's turning into a proper exhibitionist. Leave it with me and I'll come up with some stimulating challenges for her. Let's see how far she will go with this!"