All Characters are 18 or older.
*****
Before Reggie could respond, a light flipped on illuminating a room in the house next to hers. "Fuck!" the supposedly well satisfied female next to me swore.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"It's that bitch of a slut, Sydnie-Ann Jablonski! Oh, Howie, please don't let that whore, Sydnie-Ann see it!"
"I don't understand."
"She'll do something to take you away from me. She's very hateful."
I had no intention of abandoning those magnificent tits or that chestnut covered cunt for that matter, but how was I going to convey that fact to this suddenly overwrought girl?
But that was before I saw Sydnie-Ann Jablonski.
Sydnie-Ann Jablonski; she of the pigtailed red hair and milky white skin, was wearing a short, dark blue skirt that was just long enough to hide the bottoms of her ass cheeks the first time I laid eyes on her.
Her white spaghetti-strap top was so tight that I could easily make out the nipples on her smallish breasts from a distance of some thirty feet.
Last but not least were the stiletto high heels she wore that made Sydnie-Ann's long, naked legs look even longer. Sydnie-Ann had to be at least twenty-one for she was holding a bottle of Heineken beer in one hand. That's the seasoned rationale of a horny teen for you. Sydnie-Ann was actually the same age as Reggie and me; younger by a couple months maybe, but older in many, many ways than either of us.
"She--She's something to look at all right, Reggie, but I'm with you. I picked you, I don't want her, (a blatant lie, I wanted almost every good-looking female I saw back then, and most I encounter these days too. But I had to say something nice to this poor girl.) Besides, there's that old proverb: 'a bird in hand is worth two in the bush'—and I was pretty close to her bush at the moment.
"Does she always leave her shades open?"
"I don't know," Reggie said dejectedly, as she stood up and unconcernedly strode to the window in only her thong. She turned to me and said, "Anytime I leave mine up she ..."
It took me a second or two to figure out why Reggie stopped talking. A guy had just walked into Sydnie-Ann's bedroom. He wore all black, including a leather jacket and slicked hair with sideburns. He might as well have just come from the 1950's.
He was tall, with a better than decent build, and made himself comfortable right away, tossing his jacket onto a chair before taking Sydnie-Ann in his arms and kissing her full on the mouth.
"OHHH!" Reggie gasped.
"Hey, we can do that ... we can do that even better, Reggie," I whispered. But deep in my heart I felt inadequate.
"Oh, my God," Reggie whispered excitedly. "They're going to get it on!"
She backed away from the window and slowly hugged the wall until reaching the dimly lit lamp and switched it off, leaving us in the dark peering into the well lit bedroom of Sydnie-Ann Jablonski.
I was fine with that, and mentally praised Reggie for thinking quickly on her feet, until I heard her say: "I hope they leave the lights on."
I didn't answer. For having turned back to watch Sydnie-Ann and her side-burned boyfriend before they shut their lights off, I saw what took me several days to fully clarify in my mind.
Sydnie-Ann returned his kiss right in front of the window. I'm positive I saw her eyes open and look my way. I wanted to hide, but of course, that wasn't possible. Reggie had just returned to my side and pressed her D-sized breasts against my back pinning me in place so I kept looking at Sydnie-Ann.
Now I know Reggie and I were now in a darkened room--and I know it was damn near impossible for Sydnie-Ann to see us, but I felt that our eyes locked anyway. Then she ended the kiss, hugged Mr. Sideburns and smiled directly at me--or how shall I put this? The smile was for me, or Reggie, or possibly the both of us.
"Oh, no!" Reggie said as she ducked around the side of the window, leaving me in front of her window.
"Did she see us?"
Slowly, it was coming to me. I was beginning to understand, even if I didn't yet fully accept it. Sydnie-Ann wanted me to see this, but not to tease me-at least, not in a bad way. She wanted to be watched. She was an exhibitionist. I had heard of them but never fully understood what it actually meant--until just then.
A sly grin spread across my face. "No," I said, gesturing for Reggie to come out of hiding. "She didn't see us," I whispered thinking she might be able to hear us talking.
Mr. Sideburns placed himself between Sydnie-Ann and the window, but had his back to us. Both Reggie and I gasped and forgot to breathe for a time as Sydnie-Ann slid down the front of him to her knees, worked his pants open and extracted his half-erect cock out.
"You're definitely bigger," Reggie said as we both began breathing again and Sydnie-Ann began bringing his member to full-size.
"Well, maybe not," Reggie said correcting herself to my chagrin. I withheld any protest for Sydnie-Ann chose that moment to absorb the head of his cock into her mouth. And a lovely mouth it was.
Moments later, Sydnie-Ann began guiding him toward her bed by knee-walking him backward while fondling his balls and licking the sides of his dick.
"You see that! Did you see that?" Reggie squeaked excitedly.
While I hadn't taken my eyes off the couple across the way, I wasn't certain what she was talking about and had to ask.
"She--She's put them at an angle ... I'm telling you she--she wants us to see exactly what's going on over there!"
Well I couldn't argue Reggie's point. Sydnie-Ann had certainly positioned Mr. Sideburns so that her blowjob would be in full view of our spying eyes if she were doing it deliberately.
I recalled her smile in my direction earlier. Reggie, while jealous or envious of her neighbor, had a valid point.
I decided to wait and see--mostly see, but not being one to hedge my bets, I slipped my hand between Reggie's legs, found her still wet and began to slowly finger her.
She didn't mind one little bit.
Meanwhile we both watched Sydnie-Ann's head bobbing up and down on Mr. Sideburns red-knobbed dick now coated with her saliva and spittle while he cradled her head in his hands.
"This is so hot," Reggie said. "I'd go down on you, but then I'd miss her show. You don't mind do you?" I glanced at her. Her eyes never left the window. She was breathing heavier, and she was unconsciously tracing the tops of her breasts with a finger. She licked her lips, and they glistened in the faint light provided by Sydnie-Ann's room across the way.
Without hesitation, I leaned forward and kissed her deeply. Our hot tongues wrestled in each other's mouth, and our hands fearlessly explored each other's bodies. It was such a perfect kiss. We were so in sync with each other. There were no fumbling or bumping noses. I pulled Reggie close, feeling her huge breasts against me. Reggie grabbed my boner and began jerking me off. I moaned happily shock and broke the kiss, already wondering where I should place my lips next.
Reggie had other ideas. Still holding my erection, she looked back to the window, and I did the same. Sydnie-Ann was stroking Mr. Sideburns shaft with one hand and fondling his balls with the other.
And when I felt Reggie take hold of my testicles I realized she was copying Sydnie-Ann's actions with me.
I had to quell my urge to protest and allowed Reggie to proceed. I was the better for it in the final analysis.
Sydnie-Ann released his cock and leaned back just long enough to let him pull her skimpy top off, then went back to tonguing his balls. Her beautiful tits swung free, her nipples already hard. Sydnie-Ann's skin was so smooth and milky white, I could almost feel her soft, warm skin by just looking at her. I looked down and found Reggie licking my balls with fervor that I hadn't seen from her in her earlier blowjob and wondered ... well I was also enjoying matters both physically and visually so I wasn't wondering all that much.
Sydnie-Ann returned to his cock, working hard and fast. His face was bright red, his teeth still clenched. Every now and then Sydnie-Ann would take him out of her mouth, look up at him, and say something. I could only imagine the filthy things she must have been saying. Then he opened his mouth wide.
Sydnie-Ann was talking to him at that exact moment, but she dipped her head down to try and get him in her mouth again before he came. Reggie was still occupied with my balls, not that I minded. At any rate a long stream of white jizz shot out from Mr. Sideburn's cock. But Sydnie-Ann was as quick as a mongoose and caught nearly the entire stream in her mouth.
"Reggie ... look!" I croaked, and she left off my balls to crane her neck in the direction of Sydnie-Ann's window.
"OH ... FUCK! I missed it!"
She hadn't, at least not all of it--a second rope of ejaculate whipped across her eyebrow and chin as its trajectory diminished. She did, however, cease jerking me off and just stared open-mouthed into Sydnie-Ann's bedroom.
After his climax subsided, Mr. Sideburn sat up, unbuttoned his shirt and pulled Sydnie-Ann to him before falling back on her bed. Not wasting a second, Sydnie-Ann moved close in order to kiss him. Both Reggie and I almost choked as we watched as her mouth opened and a big glob of cum spilled onto her breast and his chest. Mr. Sideburn's took no notice, and kissed her passionately.
"Holy fuck-shit!" Reggie whispered. "They're swapping! My God this is so fucking hot."
I had never seen or even dreamed about anything like it. And while I wasn't too sure about trying it myself, Sydnie-Ann definitely made it intensely erotic to see. As they hungrily kissed each other, more cum spilled from their lips, landing on their chins and dribbling down to their respective chests.
Then they stopped, and Sydnie-Ann pushed her partner so that he lay back on the bed again. It's her turn, I thought, and looked over at Reggie to see her reaction. She was not looking back, but was actually pulling out of our little hug and moving down to my cock. She knelt, and just as Sydnie-Ann had done to Mr. Sideburns earlier, took hold of my dick and began jerking me off.
"I hope--I hope you don't mind ... but I have to..."
She cut herself off and shoved my pulsating cock into her mouth. The sensations and the memory of what I had just seen were nearly enough to send me to orgasm right then, but I managed to hold back. Reggie's mouth was hot and her tongue felt like it was everywhere at once, swirling and squeezing and stroking my entire length. Her head was bobbing on me, but I felt like she had me deep in her throat the whole time.
I glanced up and out the window, and saw Sydnie-Ann completely naked except for her high heels, leaning against the wall; her perfect ass facing the window with Mr. Sideburns on his back beneath her, greedily lapping at her curly red-haired covered pussy.
Reggie suddenly took me even deeper into her throat. I groaned, loudly enough to be heard ... in the adjacent bedroom if they were listening, but I expect they were otherwise occupied.
Looking down, I couldn't even see my cock anymore, just Reggie's pretty face pressed against my groin. My knees went weak, and I gripped the window edging to keep my balance. Reggie bobbed only slightly back and forth on me, jerking me off with her throat. The thought was enough to make me cum. The sensations were enough to make me explode.
"I can't take it anymore," I warned. "Ah, Reggie, I'm gonna cum!"
She stopped deep-throating me and gave me two more full-length bobs before taking me from her mouth and jerking me off with an intensity that belied her feminism.
"OHHH!" I yelped happily and dared risk a glance at the other apartment. Sydnie-Ann was bouncing like a giant-sized yo-yo on Mr. Sideburns dick.
I only had a momentary glimpse of them for Reggie squeezed my dick so hard I had to see what she was doing. And that was to direct my one-eyed monster at her face and open mouth just as I emptied my ball sacs.
"Yes!" she screeched joyfully, "Lemmie have that cum!"
Rope after rope of white, sticky cum blasted from my red-hot cock onto Reggie's face. One string alone hit her nose, her cheek, and her forehead. Another went into her mouth, hitting her outstretched tongue. Her face was being plastered, and thick gobs dripped and splashed down onto her breasts and others trickled from her cheek to her chin and then her neck.
While I tried to catch my breath, Reggie scrambled back to the window and looked out. Sydnie-Ann was still getting royally plugged by Mr. Sideburns. Reggie turned back to me, her face beaming while coated with my sperm.
"You gonna to do me now?"
"You bet I am," I answered. "You want me to get a towel?"
"No," she said. And she took a finger and drew it across her face, collecting cum and pushing it to her waiting tongue. "This is mine." And then she smiled again.
I pushed off from the wall and headed toward the couch, but Reggie didn't follow me. She grabbed my arm and nodded toward the window.
"Do it here," she said. "So I can watch them."
I had no problem with that and obliged her. I pulled a small chair to the window and had Reggie sit in it. This way she could spread her legs while watching the action next door to give me the best possible access to her sweet center.
Reggie's body was amazing. As I mentioned earlier, she had a little meat on her, and her tits were quite large. She had big, erect nipples sprouting from huge, pink areolas. Her pussy was neatly trimmed, and her lips were wet and waiting for me. Just as she had taken my cock so quickly into her mouth, I dove in to her pussy, licking her up and down like a man obsessed. She tasted sweet, and was incredibly wet.
"Damn, that feels good, Howie ... you sure know ..." She stopped talking and there was a loud slurping sound as she cleared another glob of cum from her face and sucked it from her fingers.
"Yum--Yum!"
I felt my dick twinge with the first signs of erectionitis. I continued eating her, even teasing her clit out from its hooded hideaway. As her breathing grew faster and faster, I reached up and began squeezing her massive tits; and on feeling something cool and slimy, realized it was cum and used it to oil up her nipples before twisting and tormenting them in a pleasurable way.
"Oh, I'm already so close," Reggie said with a harsh gasp. "Don't you dare fucking stop!"
Realizing Reggie was close to going over the edge I spent most of my time working furiously on her clit. After a full minute of this I was sure she was there.
"SHIT--SHIT!" she exclaimed loudly.
"SHE'S CUMMING!"
I took me a long moment before I realized Reggie was talking about Sydnie-Ann and not herself.
Yes, I was confused. Not wanting to deprive Reggie of her well earned orgasm, I kept at her, gnawing away at her cunt only to have her tear my head away by yanking the hair on my head and then admonishing me to: "Watch ... you don't want to miss this ..."
Dutifully I peered over Reggie's right hip and into Sydnie-Ann's bedroom. The redhead was slapping her hands against the backboard, rattling the entire bed with the effort of that and her wild bucking as she strove to force Mr. Sideburns dick even deeper inside her than it already was.
It was only then that I realized what Reggie wanted me to see. Mr. Sideburn's powerful upward thrusts were actually lifting his partner into the air and dropping her back onto his shaft each time he slammed into her.
"LISTEN!" Reggie croaked.
I did and heard Sydnie-Ann's muffled screams of pleasure as she climaxed again and again and again with her face buried in a pillow.
Finally she just rolled away from him and lay there panting.
"WATCH--WATCH!" Reggie croaked hoarsely.
She was right. Mr. Sideburns wasn't finished with Sydnie-Ann just yet. After wiping his sweat soaked face with top of his forearm, he got back on top of her. In this position, they were both facing the window. In the back of my mind it did occur to me that this entire thing seemed as if choreographed by a dance master.
I mean, here was Sydnie-Ann hanging half-way off the bed with her head upside-down, and her red hair cascading toward the floor. Her breasts hung towards her neck, pointing right at Reggie and me. And when Mr. Sideburns began to fuck her again her whole body started jerking like a puppet on a string.
I was rock hard again, and Reggie soon realized it.
"Come on," Reggie said, getting up off the chair. "What's good for the goose ..."
I stood up and Reggie pushed me back against the wall next to the window. She kissed me hard, and though I could still taste what had to be the remnants of my own cum, her face felt smooth and clean. Not wasting a second, Reggie gripped my cock and guided it into her sopping wet pussy. I took hold of her ass and still standing up, began fucking her.
I expected to start slow, but Reggie was so ready to go there was no need for it. Before we knew it we were fucking like rabbits and didn't stop until Reggie came.
In retrospect, I realize that I had primed her for a quick climax when I ate her out minutes earlier. Well that and watching Sydnie-Ann's earth-shattering orgasms. She had both legs wrapped tightly around me and so instinctively I turned us around and in doing so, slammed her into the wall.
She loved it! "WOW ... DO IT AGAIN, ONLY HARDER!"
I started banging her into the wall with each and every thrust.
She raised herself up, allowing me to bury my face in her huge tits. I licked at her heaving flesh, still fucking her hard up against the wall. I didn't know if Reggie was having multiple orgasms or if she was still on the first, but I was sure that she was having the fuck of her life.
I took a quick look out the window. Sydnie-Ann was being ravaged by Mr. Sideburns. In fact, she was now almost completely off her bed. The top of her head was resting on the floor, her tits hung--well they were actually flopping as he humped away at her pussy, now teetering on the edge of the mattress.
Sydnie-Ann's mouth suddenly shot open, and her body bounced around with even more energy than before. I didn't hear her scream, but I was sure she was cumming again.
Then he pulled out of Sydnie-Ann's cunt and grabbed his dick as another load of cum rocketed out of him. It splashed down Sydnie-Ann's entire body, living white streaks on her groin, down her stomach, across both breasts, and even all the way n to her neck and chin.
Wanting to achieve a similar ending, I concentrated on my partner; who was still in the throes of her orgasm. I was close; that familiar tingle was emanating from my testicles.
I kissed her and increased my tempo from slow deep thrusts to jackhammering slams.
That might have been a mistake that we both regretted, for our teeth crashed, but we were fortunate in that no damage was done to either of us. We did however, end the kissing and stuck to fucking after that.
The next thing I knew I was grunting and cumming as I rammed her into the wall one last time. I felt the juice surge around my cock as I filled that beautiful tight cunt.
I collapsed then and Reggie fell on top of me.
"My God," she said to herself more than me. "My whole body is going to be sore tomorrow."
"But it was sure worth it." I said.
Reggie remembered to look across into Sydnie-Ann's bedroom. "Fuck! He's gone, Howie!"
I looked over her shoulder and saw Sydnie-Ann walking back toward her bed, still naked and now alone.
"She knows I watched her," Reggie said excitedly. "I bet she doesn't know you were with me."
I certainly had my doubts about that, as I recalled her smile in my direction. Of course it was possible that she couldn't see either of us and assumed it was just Reggie watching her. But I preferred my first scenario and began to plan a means of returning the favor by fucking Reggie with Sydnie-Ann watching us.
Then matters changed abruptly as Sydnie-Ann strolled over to her window, and stark naked, smiled and blew us a kiss.
I knew she'd meant the two of us for she mouthed the words, "Good night guys," as she blew the kiss and then turned off her light.