A Stranger's Delight
This is an edited version of the story to correct all the mistakes that made it very difficult to read.
————————
Vic was never a fan of having to stay away from home on business, especially when no other work colleagues made the trip. He'd always ended up staying in his room, doing some work, watching TV then browsing the web for some porn before finally getting some sleep.
Tonight he was a little later than normal getting to the hotel due to an overrunning conference call. It also wasn't his usual preferred hotel, that had been fully booked, as this time it was a last-minute trip. This hotel was closer to the city centre and certainly busier, though it was a bit more swanky, so Vic wasn't going to moan.
After checking in, he made his way over to the lifts, pressing the call button. There was no-one else waiting so hopefully he'd be up to the room in no time at all and get the room service ordered.
Stepping in the lift he pressed the button for his floor then waited for the doors to close. Just as it started to close Vic heard a woman's voice, 'Hold that lift please!'
For once he must have been feeling in a good move shooting his foot out, just managing to get it jammed in the path of the door, causing it to reopen.
'Thanks, that's very kind of you,' said the woman.
Vic looked up to see the woman who's voice he'd just held the lift for. Vic certainly wasn't disappointed he had, in fact, he was very pleased he had.
Right in front of him was a stunning blonde wearing a tight-fitting sleeveless red dress, just about her knee in length. Baby blue eyes, tanned skin, she looked amazing. She was slender, the dress meant some cleavage was on show, just the right amount, her breasts weren't small but neither large, maybe pert was the right word. Vic also noticed her killer red patent high heels, they looked at least four inches if not five inches high, further enhancing her legs.
Red was clearly the theme of her outfit, fingernails and lips both painted to match her dress. Guessing at her age, he would have put it at about forty, at the oldest.
Vic watched intently as she stepped into the lift, feeling his cock start to stiffen. He had no idea where she was going but for a second the thought occurred to him that she might be a high-class escort going to some lucky fella's room!
'Could you press the button for the roof terrace please?' she asked with a gorgeous smile and twinkle in her eyes. There was a little bit of a local regional accent in her voice but it wasn't strong.
'Sure,' Vic replied. 'Anything for such a gorgeous looking lady,' pressing the button for the roof terrace, followed by the one for his own floor, which was a couple of levels below.
She laughed, 'Anything? Well if you're also going up to the bar, then you can by the champagne!'
'Unfortunately not. I've still got the do some work emails,' he said, trying to convey a little bit of disappointment.
'Going to your room and doing emails makes for a very dull evening,' she giggled again. 'I'm sorry, I'm sure you've had a hard day.'
One thing he knew was that his cock was hard. The lift came to stop at his floor.
'This is my floor, unfortunately,' Vic said as the doors became to open. 'Have a great evening,' he added, stepping out of the lift, turning back to look at her for one last time.
'I will and you know which button to press for the roof terrace should you change your mind,' giving Vic a very mischievous look.
'I think it's also worth saying, there's a great view up there,' as she said that the lift doors start to close. He noticed her moving her hand down to the hem of her dress and started to pull it upwards. He wasn't sure where to look, the rising hemline or at the dirty smile, she had in her face. Of course, the lift doors managed to close before he saw anything as a result of her lifting her dress.
Vic made his way to the room, a big smile on his face as a result of that brief encounter with such sexy minx. He was disappointed that he hadn't seen what was underneath her dress and that he still had some work to do.
Jumping in the shower Vic found himself aroused at the thought of the woman from the lift. He lathered up his hard cock and began to play with it.
Wondering what might be going on at the roof bar. Were men admiring that head-turning woman, would she be flirting? It was too much to think about, he had to go and see for himself. Rinsing the soap off and jumping out of the shower, on a mission to get to the roof terrace and hope she hadn't left.
The lift opened out straight onto the terrace. Vic quickly scanned the room looking for the woman. The bar was to his left, in a sort of U-shape, the edge of the terrace to his right about 5 meters away. It followed the shape of the bar around to the left but didn't go all the way around.
It was a dark evening but warm, it wasn't that busy, maybe ten or fifteen people in various groups dotted around the terrace. Looking around Vic still couldn't see the blond, he'd only been twenty minutes at most since the encounter in the lift. Perhaps she'd just been meeting someone here and headed straight off. Not wanting to give up so easily, Vic decided to stay for one beer, if anything to drown his sorrows.
Vic walked around to the far side of the bar, the opposite side to where he'd entered. It was quieter that side, as it didn't have a balcony overlooking the city, it was also next to the entrance to the bathrooms. Vic had just caught the barman's attention when the woman appeared by his side, catching him a little by surprise. Putting her clutch bag on the bar, she leaned against it.
'I knew you wouldn't be able to resist coming to by me a drink!' she said. Vic looked at her, drawn in by her bright blue eyes and sultry smile.
Vic knew wasn't one to roll over and play the puppy dog even to a sexy woman such as this, though many a man would be willing to do so. He knew that being confident and playful whilst also being firm, would give him the upper hand. Ultimately it might even lead to what he was stroking his cock about in the shower not 10 minutes earlier; her blue eyes looking up at him whilst his hard dick filled her mouth.
'A glass of champagne for the lady and I'll have a vodka tonic, please,' ordering the drinks.
'Jenn,' she said, turning towards him, still leaning into the bar, her elbow propping her up.
'Vic!' At first he didn't turn to look at her, pausing before slowing rotating to face her, about twelve inches between then. Vic was deliberate in his actions; wanting to show he was in control, not flustered by her sexiness.
There was a silence between them but it wasn't an uneasy one. It was like a game had started to see who was on top. Would Jenn manage what she'd normally do, to tease and torment a guy, then leave him hanging with only a dream of what might have happened. Most of all Jenn liked to know she'd made their cocks hard, she liked to imagine a guy would go away and end up wanking over the thought of fucking her.
Of course, Vic was going to try and get the upper hand quickly, try to see what this woman was really like underneath the surface.
The silence was broken when the barman returned, placing Vic's drink on the bar before pouring champagne into a flute for Jenn.
'That's fifteen fifty please.'
Vic waved a card and tapped it on the payment terminal when the barman returned. 'Thanks,' he said acknowledging the service.
Jenn picked up her glass, looking at Vic giving the glass a slight tilt in his direction, 'Cheers!' Not waiting for him to pick up his glass, she took a sip of the champagne.
Vic wasn't too far behind her in tasting his drink. Now it was time for them to stop messing around and up the stakes, he thought.
Vic leaned into Jenn so he could whisper in her ear, 'Now what about this great view you promised me?' Breathing in, Jenn's scent filled his nostrils, sweet vanilla making his senses tingle.
'Well, I've never one to disappoint,' Jenn said, teasing Vic once again with that wicked smile.
'I'm going to go sit over there,' he pointed to window seats that protruded beyond the wall. 'Why don't you pop up on the barstool and put on a good show.' He said it with confident authority, keeping his tone soft.
Jenn wasn't expecting that, she was used to being the one who'd dictate what happens. Sure she occasionally got guys who tried to control her, normally younger guys full of arrogance. They were the ones she enjoyed tormenting the most, before bringing them down to earth with the thud of rejection. What struck Jenn the most about Vic's words was the tone, it aroused her, made her want to comply.
Vic lightly brushed his hand against Jenn's thigh. 'Oh and best you remove your panties first,' he commanded.
'Who said I was wearing any!' Jenn retorted, trying to call his bluff.
'Be a good girl and do as your told!' Their eyes locked once again.
Jenn couldn't deny it, this was making her pussy and panties wet. The way Vic spoke to her, calling her a good girl was certainly the way to get her to submit.
'In that case, I better visit the ladies room,' it excited Jenn to play along, to not be in control this time.
Jenn reached up onto the bar to take her bag, Vic grabbed her wrist and whispered in her ear, 'You can take them off here!'
Letting go of Jenn's wrist Vic took his drink and walked over the window seat. It wasn't playing out how Jenn had envisioned when she'd seen Vic by the lifts. She instantly thought he was hot, slightly older than her she'd guessed, the telltale grey hairs appearing around his temples. The idea was to flirt a little, tease him whilst she waited for her friend, who was running late. He wanted a show, then he was going to it, though not exactly how he'd requested.
Jenn looked around the room, her position in the bar was quite secluded. As long as no-one came past to go to the toilets then taking her panties off wasn't that risky! Sliding herself onto the barstool, Jenn looked across at Vic then slowly spread her legs. Her dress rose up, exposing the small sheer red thong that barely covered her shaved pussy.
Vic watched as Jenn used a finger on her left hand to trace down the side of her thong, just with her fingernail ever to slightly underneath the edge. Teasing as if she was ready to let the finger slip underneath the sheer thin material and onto her pussy. Jenn's eyes were locked in his, a mischievous look on her face. Vic's heart was racing, his cock straining against his boxer shorts.
Jenn retraced her path with her finger, slowly moving it back up to the top of her thong. Suddenly she snapped her legs closed and slid forward so her feet came into contact with the floor. She scanned the room, nobody was looking. Hooking both thumbs inside the band of her thong, she quickly eased it down over her hips, with a little wiggle before letting it drop to the floor. As casual as you like Jenn took a sip of her champagne, draining the glass, her dress still up over her hips, pussy on show.
Vic was transfixed! Jenn squatted down to retrieve her thong, blatantly spreading her legs once again.
Jenn couldn't believe how brazen she was being and how wet it was making her. Sure she'd done some teasing and flashing in public before. That had always been more subtle, so it appeared 'accidental' to anyone watching. This was certainly up a few levels and she was getting such a buzz from it as she'd never experienced before. The feeling within her meant she wanted to turn up the heat further.
Standing back up, Jenn collected her bag and made her way over to join Vic. Bending at the waist, bring he mouth to his ear and whispering 'I think you should have this as a souvenir!' Stuffing the thong into his pocket, then took a seat opposite.
Jenn was feeling confident, she could see what she thought was a large bulge in Vic's. Angling her body toward him, she brought her foot up to place the sole of her shoe on the seat edge between his legs. This exposing herself to him once more, a much closer view for him this time.
She was slightly surprised how relaxed he was being about it, she wanted to provoke more of a reaction from him.
Jenn took her hand and moved it between her legs, looking over her shoulder to make sure that no-one was coming this way. Returning her gaze to Vic she started to lightly stroke her clit with her fingertips.
Vic couldn't believe his eyes, this really wasn't the encounter he'd expected, not for a second. Lots of thoughts were flying through his mind but one clear question for himself was how long was he going to let Jenn tease him before he dragged her off to fuck her. How long could he last!
Easing her finger down onto her pussy lips, Jenn felt how wet she was. At the same time, she moved her foot to seek out Vic's hard cock. Jenn took her finger, brought it up to her lips, flicking her tongue over it before wrapping her lips around it. Slowing sucking it into her mouth, enjoying her own taste.
As she watched Vic she noticed his eyes flick across the room, away from her. Jenn looked over her shoulder to see a guy walking their way, no doubt heading to the toilets. Instinctively Jenn brought her foot to the floor and snapped her legs closed, giving Vic a wicked smile.
Jenn was surprised that Vic was still keeping things under control, on the one hand, she was finding her shameless exhibitionism to be one of the most arousing things she'd done. One the other, she wanted Vic to fuck her. She hadn't told him that her friend wasn't turning up due to babysitter problems, that way he was going to be thinking he was running out of time.
As the guy walked past, he looked back to admire Jenn before disappearing into the toilets.
Jenn looked at Vic, 'Maybe I should go and give him a little show, what do you think?' A smirk appearing on Jenn's lips.
Vic stood, taking a step forward, he took hold of Jenn's hand, pulling her to her feet.
'We need to go!' Rather than head for the lift as Jenn expected, he moved towards the door to the bathrooms.
Vic pushed open the door, entering the small lobby area, gents to the left, ladies to the right. Figuring that he hadn't seen any women head to the bathrooms, he pushed the door to his left open, dragging Jenn behind him.
There were five cubicles in the ladies, Vic chose the furthest from the door. Guiding Jenn in, following right behind he closed and locked the door. Spinning Jenn around he had her back against the door and wasted no time pulling her dress up and letting his hand explore between her legs.
Vic pressed his body up against Jenn, pinning her in place. Using a hand to move her hair out of the way, he started to kiss her neck. He knew exactly what he was going to do with her and how it would end, he started slowly so she would relax.
Jenn felt his fingers lightly trace around her pussy, teasing her, she was soaking wet and wanted his cock. Ultimately she wanted his cum, in her pussy or mouth she didn't care. If he was worthy of being more than a quick fuck, he'd also make sure she came first.
Vic's fingers eased between Jenn's pussy lips, she was so wet there was no resistance. First one finger, then a second easing inside her, gently fingering her. Jenn clenched her pelvic muscles, trying to grip his fingers, she craved something bigger inside her. Although she was more aroused than she'd been in a long while, she was also frustrated that he was taking his time. Jenn tried and failed to get her hand in between them to seek out Vic's cock, she wanted to feel it's size and hardness.
Taking a step back and releasing his hold on Jenn, Vic was quick to grab her hips and whip her around so she faced the door. Jenn had missed her opportunity to sink to her knees and get Vic's cock out. Instinctively Jenn pushed her arse out in Vic's direction. Rather than undo his trousers as she's hoped, Jenn felt his hands slide down the inside of her thighs, forcing her to spread her feet further apart as they went. Looking down Jenn could see Vic's head level with her bum.
Vic brought his hands back up to Jenn's arse and pulled apart her cheeks before burying his face between then, his tongue seeking out her pussy. For the next couple of minutes, he licked and sucked on. Jenn bit her lip to stop any noise coming from her mouth but her increased breathing rate and the way she moved her hips to try and get better contact with his face gave away how turned on she was.
Jenn felt Vic's tongue run over the outside of her pussy from front to back but this time he doesn't stop to make the return journey, he kept going until she felt him at the entrance to her anus. She felt a shiver run through her body, reaching back she used both hands to keep her arse cheeks apart. Vic proceeded to concentrate his tongue in that area, combining it with his fingers slipping inside her push again. Jenn could hear just how wet she was!
After what felt like an age for Jenn, Vic stood up and man-handled her once again so that she was sat on the toilet. Jenn didn't need any cues, she immediately reached for Vic's trousers, frantically working to free his hard cock. She wasn't disappointed, it wasn't the biggest cock she's ever had by any means but right now, it was perfect. Already hard, it was about seven inches with a decent girth. It was also clean shaven which Jenn preferred.
Ensuring she had his eye contact, she slowly licked his balls, then worked her tongue up the shaft, circling the tip. Jenn repeated this a few times, she wanted to fill her mouth with him but also enjoyed the teasing, along with the look of desire in his eyes. Building up a small amount of saliva in her mouth, she allowed it to dribble out onto Vic's cock, using her hand to spread it all over its length.
To say Vic was enjoying both the view and the feeling was an understatement, seeing a woman's hand wrapped around his cock with a rather bling wedding and engagement rings gave him a particular buzz. However, if Jenn didn't take his cock in her mouth in the next thirty seconds he was going to ram it down the back of her throat.
Jenn wanked the hard cock a couple more times before letting it go and putting a hand on each thigh, splaying her fingers. Vic's cock stood proud, Jenn lifted her head slightly, taking the tip in her mouth. Lowing her head again, it brought Vic's cock level. Jenn looked up and smiled with the eyes before starting to slowly take more and more of his cock inside her mouth.
Once she'd taken it all, Jenn squeezed Vic's thighs, then slid her hands around to be bum. Squeezing and pulling him towards her to ensure none of his thick hard cock wasn't in her mouth. Quickly releasing her hands and pulling her head back so his cock was free, Jenn gasped for air.
Now she really went to work of his on his cock, as if she wanted him to succumb to her cock sucking skills. Jenn wanted to get him on edge but not take him over it, wanting to show him she was in control.
Vic was loving it, Jenn clearly knew how to give a good blow job, there was no need for him to get hands-on and fuck her mouth or make her gag. Jenn was managing that all by herself. She was making quite a lot of noise, giving him such a sloppy blowjob, if anyone came in the bathroom they'd hear what was going on. He'd also let out a couple of 'oh fucks!' when Jenn had hit the right spots.
Jenn thought she heard something, she stopped moving, half of Vic's cock still filling her mouth. She looked up at Vic who had a finger over his lips, to indicate they should be quiet. The noise got louder, it sounded like a couple of women giggling. Then the door to the toilets burst open, the clear sound of two women, sounding a little pissed.
Jenn quietly extracted the rest of Vic's cock from her mouth but the presence of the women wasn't going to stop her. She looked up and winked a Vic, a devilish look on her face. Gripping his shaft by the base she started running her tongue all over it. Vic struggled to keep quiet.
The two women continued to chat and giggle, one of them had gone into a cubicle, raising her voice so she could be heard over the sound of her pissing. They seemed oblivious to Jenn and Vic's presence.
Continuing to lightly tease Vic's hard cock, Jenn really wanted the women to fuck off so they could get on with their fun.
It was another couple of minutes before they heard the door shut, Vic was quick to react not giving Jenn a chance and get his cock back in her mouth. Pulling Jenn up, forcing her to turn to the wall and bend over the toilet, guiding his cock to her wet pussy, rubbing it up and down her entrance.
Reaching up Vic took hold of Jenn's hair, forming it into a ponytail, giving it a sharp tug. Simultaneously, he eased his cock halfway into Jenn's wet pussy before ramming it home with a hard, forceful thrust.
'Ooooh, fuck!' cried Jenn, a little loud than she wanted, bringing a hand up to cover her mouth in a bid to muffle and further sounds.
Vic proceeded to fuck Jenn like this for the next five minutes, varying his rhythm and force. Jenn was just trying to keep the noise down, if anyone came in now they'd hear both Jenn's moans and Vic's balls slapping against her.
It was starting to get hard for Vic, he felt his orgasm starting to build, finding he needed to slow down to bring it under control. He could sense that if he went hard and fast he was close to getting Jenn to come. Deciding that it was best to change position, he thrust forward hard and fast one more time before slowly sliding Jenn off his cock.
Jenn felt Vic easing out, she quickly looked over her shoulder to see why. 'Fuck, don't stop that feels so good,' she pleaded.
Vic manoeuvred them both so he was sat on the toilet and Jenn straddled his legs, hovering over his throbbing cock. Reaching down between her legs, Jenn sought out the tip of Vic's cock, guiding it so it was ready to slip between her pussy lips. Once she had it inside her Jenn knew she was going to ride the fuck out of it until she came, nothing was going to stop her.
Vic looked up at Jenn he wanted to watch Jenn's face as she impaled herself of his cock. He saw the expression of pleasure as she slid down, throwing her head back as she reached the bottom, letting out a soft moan.
Slowly Jenn started to slide up and down Vic's shaft, pausing a couple of times at the bottom to grind her hips. She moved her arms to be around his neck, her head coming forward to rest next to his. 'Oh God, this feels so good,' she whispered in his ear.
As Jenn increased the pace and vigour of her movements, her breathing rate increased, the noises louder. She tried to keep her head buried in Vic's shoulder to hide the noise.
Vic knew he wouldn't come this way but could feel Jenn was building up to it, bouncing up and down on his thick cock faster and faster. He took hold of her hair behind her head, yanking it back so he could see her face. Although her eyes were closed her face couldn't hide the pleasure. Letting go, her head flopped back to his shoulder.
'I'm going to cum,' she rasped. 'Oh fuuuck!'
Vic pushed his hips forwards and up, allowing his cock to go deeper into Jenn.
'So close, sooo close!' Jenn moaned, interspersed with a couple of shallow grunts.
Her grip tightened around Vic's neck. 'Oh, God! Fuck! Yes, yes, ooh, Fuuuuck!' Jenn's body shuddered as that blissful wave of her orgasm hit her body, it felt so good. Her muscles gripping hard on Vic's cock. Her breathing was frantic, out of control almost, difficult to recompose herself.
Vic didn't give Jenn much time, as the final stages of her orgasm pulsed through her, he lifted her up, pushing her down onto her knees, his rigid cock heading the direction of her mouth. Vic pulled her hair back, forcing Jenn's head up and her mouth open, eyes locked together and as it slid in.
Now Jenn's focus was on getting Vic to cum, she wanted to taste him, feeling it hit the back of her throat. Wanking and sucking as his cock, hearing his soft moans made her deep throat him further. It wasn't long until Vic pulled his cock out and started to wank it.
Jenn made eye contact, 'Come on, give it to me, I want to taste it!' Opening her mouth and sticking out her tongue.
'Wank it for me, make me cum!' Vic moaned.
Jenn grabbed it cock, still covered in her juices, stroking fast with a firm grip. Less than sixty seconds later Jenn felt a large splash of spunky hit her face, splashing upwards from her mouth up past her nose. Instinctively she quickly wrapped her lips around his cock to catch the next burst.
Vic could only grunt as he felt his cock release its load, watching it start to trickle down Jenn's face, as he continued to deposit more into her mouth. Jenn kept her lips wrapped tightly around it until it stopped twitching. Slowly withdrawing it from her mouth before it was free. Jenn looked up and smiled, making sure Vic was watching as she used her fingers to scoop up the large amount of cum from her face. Gleefully sucking it off her fingers.
Once she'd done, Jenn took Vic's cock in her hand once more, running her tongue over it then giving it a little suck. Letting to go, she stood up and pulled her dress down.
'Why don't you go and get the drinks in and I'll tidy my make up,' leaning in to lightly kissing him on the cheek. Collecting her clutch bag from the top of the toilet, she turned, open the cubicle door then walked to the basins. Watching in the mirror as Vic adjusted his trousers and moved towards the door, he turned his head to smile at Jenn before exiting.
Five minutes later, Jenn left the toilets, seeing Vic stood in the same place at the bar he was earlier. A glass of champagne and his vodka on the bar next to him.
Vic watched Jenn as she walked his way, a grin the size of a Cheshire cat on her face. Well, she'd certainly had the cream he thought.
'Cheers!' said Jenn, picking up the glass. This time waiting for Vic to raise his glass before she took a sip. Now she just had to decide if she wanted to go to Vic's room for round two or go home to hubby. The night was still young she thought to herself.