Chapter 1:The World.
Enthusiastically, I woke up in my king sized bed from my happy slumber for the day that awaits me. You see, I was born with a micro penis, this means that my days and experience with women are easy and enjoyable, though in a twisted way. That I will explain in detail later.
I would like to explain that since feminists took over the governments , men with penises bigger than what is considered a micro, which is pretty much every man, has lost their sexual drive and will only mate for children. Not only this, men have lost interest in holding power in society with all politicians being women. It seems that this plague has skipped out on us less endowed folks. The reason however is still a mystery, some speculate it is a secret scheme to stop wasting time seeking short term pleasure, to return to a age of discipline and hard work. Why micropenises were excluded may be because of what many call "small dick energy," where these short dick men would fear getting ridiculed and exposed means the supposed government had nothing to fear. The answer however will always remain a mystery.
However, this small dick energy, is not a outlandish insecurity we hold. It is justified as women routinely laugh and mock small appendages. The reason? Women cite that it's simply funny, like it should not belong to a man, or the feeling of superiority they gain once they look at it. Again the real reason is indeed a mystery, but one thing for certain is that all men with micropenises will never expose themselves to their lecherous eyes, to feast at extreme vulnerability and humiliation. What scientists have discovered thus far however is that when women mock micro penises, they become stimulated sexually. Not only this, the ringing laughter of other women when they look at it stimulates like a pack of hyenas looking at food. That being said, they still constantly crave a big, thick dick to ram them, which is why around half the women we meet dress provocateuively, in a futile attempt for a good fuck.
Now, I said I woke up enthusiastically, the reason why my excitement is prevalent, is that I have a sex drive and not only that, I love showing off my literal nub of a penis, where it is just a head when soft, it's just the penis crease visible and when erect 2inches hard, where you only see the head and a tiny shaft protruding. The feeling of people public nudity is something I crave, seeing the shocked faces of women turn into full on guffaws, the infamous raising of the pinky or the pinching fingers, or even then raising their phones to post it everywhere, I love it! With the government it's not only completely legal but encouraged for men to get naked and women crave the sight of men.
Now. I woken up and gotten dressed in a plain t-shirt and shorts, no underwear needed of course, with my keys. Onto the outside world seeking for an adventure.
Chapter 2:The Mall
Ahh, the grand plaza mall at the edge of the town. I park my lifted truck right by the entrance of the building. Upon entering I am greeted by the luscious cold A.C and a swarm of people of various backgrounds and shapes mingling and walking about. I'm excited. I ponder the best way for me to get my rocks off and decide to go to Victoria secret.
Similarly, a nice cold breeze washes over a room, and to my corner I see a group of 5 teenagers giggling and talking amongst themselves, and one mature women with big breasts and thick glasses wearing a dress a couple sizes too small, where I can see a slight crevice of her pasty white lower ass cheek. My leering however was interrupted by an attractive store clerk, asking me if I need help.
This store clerk resembled the opposite of the mature women. Young, tanned skin, boyish figure with a few cute freckles splattered sporadically. I answered with a resounding "yes, I would like to see the lingerie section."
The sexy brunette asks professionally "Of course sir, what size is your wife"?"
"Oh, these are not for my wife, they are for me!" I reply confident and happily.
"Oh..right..sir" apprehensively says the clerk as we get to the section.
Looking at the impressive selection in front of me, I look for the more revealing and humiliating panties on selection and find the perfect pair, a nice bright pink thong. The saleswoman lingers on my face and then the panties and asks me if I'm sure with a slight grin. I say of course and I pick it out in a hurry and ask if there are any changing rooms, which we go into.
The changing room is a nice spacious room at the back of the room with a thick velvety curtain with a large full body mirror to the side. I take my shirt and shorts off and just leave them on the floor. Turning to the left, I gaze at the mirror to find a normal male body, just with a little mushroom sportin'. It really is just the head and all I murmur with glee.
"Time for the panties then." I say hurriedly, where when realizing pulling it up it does not fit me at all, and I realized upon answering the sales woman question from earlier, I never actually gave her my size.. and it is far to big for me!
As I ponder, I think of just walking out and talking to the sales women , but my nerves rapidly come up, stressing my body. You see I fantasised heavily about all this , but to do it is another thing. I focused on starting small and calling for the sales women for help.
She slightly opens the curtain, and is shocked to see me in just a thong. Her eyes wonder downward to see a lack of endowment present anywhere, here I tell myself mentally I would love to know what she is thinking here. Instead I turn around and show her both my very visible ass cheeks, while slightly bending over, telling her it's a couple sizes too big and would like a smaller one. In a rather expected and husky tone, she pinches my left ass cheek, and says "I'll help you with that, baby."
"Baby?" That isn't like the professional store attendant I knew from 5 minutes ago..
"Let's go", she postulates with a slight smile on her face as she puts her arm around my ass securely to guide me.
"Umm, but people can see both my ass cheeks and cock" I say shamelessly with the intention of arousing myself by saying such dirty words to a cute girl.
"But you didn't mind showing me your sexy ass earlier, I've even given it a little pinch! So don't be shy, and besides I'm not seeing much endowment" she responded with a playful wink.
I exit the changing room in my thong, feeling like a furnace in a dark room. Immediately, that mature, busty women notices me and stares boldly at my ass cheeks and then shifts her gaze to my cock. Her face showing confusion for a lack of buldge, but nevertheless she follows and conveniently stands a few paces behind and pretends to look for lingere, while keeping an eye on me and my ass.
As me and the sales women gaze at the smaller size thongs, to my left , I see that same small throng of teenagers giggling and murmuring to themselves, 2 of them even have their phones out and are trying to record in secret.
As my excitement is gaining, my penis is getting hard, but still no buldge is present.
In my excitement I decide to pick up and hold a string bikini bottom, which is pretty much a thin , transparent line that covers only the pussy, leaving the lips on clear display, right up the air and ask aloud to the sales lady with the intention of letting everyone hear, if I'm going to wear this. Hush murmurs of giggling surround me, which I give a slight grin to myself.
Deciding I want all these ladies to have a look at my cock, I do some exaggerated movements to hope my thong falls off me. This action has my ass jiggle to the leering of these women.
The store clerk notices my thong slipping off and stands right behind me, where I can feel her warm, moist breathing latching around my skin. It is here she asks me in a whisper, if I want to be publicity embarrassed and exposed for everyone.
"I mean you must do it if you willingly walk out to all of the girls in a bright pink thong, don't have small dick energy please, show us what you have" she whispers while putting her hand firmly on my lower back.
My horniness and exhibitionist side kicks in at her feminine energy for me to I give a resounding "yes baby, I want my little baby dick exposed for all women" in a horny and submissive whisper. She then unexpectedly gives me a massive wedgie with a hard slap on the ass, forcing me to moan , making the crowd shocked and start to giggle. Unfortunately, (or fortunately ) it's made my erect penis very visible before everyone. A tiny nub peeks out of my now skin tight thong to a crowd of interested onlookers.
Chapter 3: Shame
General silence in the store quickly turned into loud, deafening screeches, almost like a bunch of manic harpies. The women behind me, pointing at me with genuine tears in her eyes at the hilarity, her tits bouncing in tune with her laughter; the teens raising their pinkies up recording me no longer in any secretive manner; and the ravenous saleswoman pressing and grinding on my ass cheek.
The cute, slender saleswomen from earlier was gone, and instead became a fiend, one that seeks to humiliate. The best part is, I want it all, give it to me! My own arousal and lust unleashed.
"You want to come into my store and expose that eeny weeny to us? "She says while grabbing my ass even harder, giving it a few good smacks for good measure.
"Mmmmm..yeah I love to show you my micro penis, my 2 inch hard pecker to you beautiful babes, while pinching my fingers and looking right at the teens recording me with a smile.
"If that's what you want, have it then" she almost cries with pure passion, pulling up my thong again. The feeling of it going up my crack makes me yell and moan and I am met with boisterous laughter around me. At the pinnacle of the wedgie, her surprising raw strength, perhaps from sheer horniness, managed to pull me off the ground, resulting in more wailining from me until mercifully the thong completely ripped apart, leaving me stark naked.
"Your baby dick is buck naked here with all these sexy girls watching and laughing AT you" she whispers coarsley into my ear while holding on my waist firmly.
"Mmm, yeah I want them too see everything!"
She pushes me towards the teens, while inviting the milf over, which she jogs over giggling to get front row seats.
The saleswomen behind me holding both my arms behind me looks over and down and comments that she's never seen a cock so tiny before,, which the mature replies yep, they always hide themselves with their little dick energy! To which the teens collectively murmur laughing agreement. At this point I am rock hard, and so horny I can't control myself and beg anyone to jerk my clit while staring at the camera still recording.
The saleswomen puts out her delicate soft thumb and finger, while smirking, giving me a nice slow two finger job.
"You like those girls looking at your short dick man?"
"Mmm, ladies get a nice look and film any and every crevice you want" I respond in a desperate manner.
"It's so fucking tiny" whispers one of the teen to another , which makes all 5 of the teens laugh.
"I didn't know dicks even come that small" the pasty, thick woman says addressing everyone in the room with exuded confidence.
At that statement, she starts jerking extremely fast while sticking her finger in my ass, just outside the hole, undulating making me stick my ass out, while the crowd giggles, making the pinching hand signs at me.
"Mmm.. yeah..yeah..yeah.don't stop jerk my micro...yeah yeah.yeah..FUCK, fuck..IM GONNA FUCKING CUM FOR EVERYONE
Just then the sexy mature women slightly lifted her skirt, and realised she wasn't wearing any panties. With wide eyes I glare and thrust my hips like a mad man, humping her fingers and air, while my ass bumps into her pussy in her work uniform.
The beautiful sight of her slightly protruding labia, with a pink hughe makes me horny, and just then I see a see-through drop of liquid drop from her cunt, which makes me look at her and she gives me a happy wink and a little wave of her pinky finger.
"Mmm... don't stop.. yeah.. ooh.. yeah.... mm..it's coming baby, it's coming"
"Tell all 7 of us girls what the fucks happening" the saleswomen admonishes.
"I'm gonna FUCKING CUM, MY JIZZ IS GONNA GO EVERYWHERE..AAAah" the audience however are openly laughing, seeing a man with a literal thimble fully naked in a public store, screaming his lungs out.
I feel the cum about to explode like a nuke onto the pristine white floor of Victoria secret, and my ass clenches in anticipation for this ecstasy, but to my horror, she stops.
She stops.
I am left humping the ground begging the camera for my little dick to cum hard to the sea of women who have witnessed my humiliation, but one hard ass slap jolts me back to reality, where she tells me the store is closed and I have to leave.
The store woman thanks the ladies and urges them to leave to close the store, which reluctantly they did. The older women invites herself to smack my tender ass as she does , and the teens continued muttering to each other stating that it was funny, that my dick is tiny and my ass is red.
I wantonly walk to the changing room to get changed and she sticks her hand to stop the curtain to close.
"What's the matter little dick? You enjoy having your ass and baby carrot out for sexy girls to see, so why are you getting dressed? She asks curiously, perhaps she enjoys humiliating me too?
"Mmm your right, but you are closing so I have nothing to do.
"Then, streak!" Says the freckles lady with a grin.
"Streak?!"
"Mmm , yeah baby , walk with me I'll take you to your car, my name is Abigail by the way " she says as she is staring at my micropenis making me moan in pleasure.
"Mmm okay Abigail," I say with erotic feveour, "let's go," I state nervously but excited and just like that Abigail got my truck keys and she threw my clothes out in the trash on the way out while looking at me with a wicked smile.
I stand outside waiting for her to finish the shop and to my sorrow, nobody's outside, but regardless the feeling of my exposed ass and feet make me extremely aroused as I wait in agony for her to come.
" Ok, let's go baby dick," she says while holding my hand with an excited grin.
She exclaims sadly that lots of people have left so less girls will see your micro penis, but there will definitely be many around as we walk side by side holding hands.
While walking to the exit I encountered 2 short twins with similar feature and body type, that were slender and very short, both clearly of Asian background, Perhaps Japanese? Nevertheless, their attire is what struck me the most one is wearing a miniskirt with a tight tight crop top, with her nipples hard and pointing at me. The other, wearing a tight dress where I can see the outline of her sexy figure, no curves but tight and supple.
To the dismay of everyone involved my restless horniness made me reach my hand out to cup the girls crop top, resulting in the slap of my penis by Abigail.
"Aaah I screamed falling to my knees, realising I have an audience of about 30 scattered around watching in a distance , some laughing others just recording the degradation. I'm going to be infamous after today I thought as the pain in my penis stopped ringing.
Abigail screamed allowing more onlookers to hear and see what's going on, stating that "I have small dick energy from trying to grope a girl and an actual small dick" which onlookers found hilarity in. The girls however stare grinning, trying not to laugh, clearly not bothered by my attempted groping.
She wanted me to apologise to those girls , which I genuinely did, making my dick soft , to add to the embarrassment and humour to all involved. And then she told me to turn around and go on all fours which I did questioningly. To address the large audience that gathered over the screaming and chanting from earlier she stated that this humiliation lesson will never make me humiliate beautiful women again. She ordered me to spread my ass cheeks to the shock of the girls and onlookers, which I did since I am horny of the abject humiliation I am under. Abigail then called for anyone who wants to take a picture of a persons most intimate spot and allowed them to take free pictures of me.
"You want to see those girls as a piece of meat?!? Well now you are a piece of meat!" Asserted Abigail.
The two girls begin openly laughing at me and pull their phones and they can take a picture which she happily agrees. They approach and also brazenly put their hands on my asshole which makes me moan , to the enjoyment of the girls. They proceed to then put up a selfie with the pinching hand sign with the camera on my asshole.
It is then she stands me up and with a slap on my already burning ass making me yelp, she makes me stand up and spread my legs, while grabbing my arms and putting in on my head. This way my micropenis is openly exposed to the crowd and girls. Nobody wastes this opportunity and all around me flashes of camera erupt like I'm a Hollywood star on the red carpet, I'm definitely going to be known after all this I think to myself. Finally , after she decides it's enough Abigail makes me walk to the truck with the crowd in the background chanting "small dick energy."
Finally, after much humiliation I tell her this is my transportation , which she giggles" of course you need a big truck to overcompensate for a baby peen" as she wiggles her pinky." She gives me my keys from her purse and hands it to me.
She stands there gazing in my eyes while biting her lip. You..know .. I had a lot of fun today , I was hoping we could be friends?" She says in a hopeful manner, which for the first time I realized she's shown any nervousness the entire day.
"Well, let's see, you gave me a painful wedgie, stopped me from an orgasm, made me spread my asshole to about 40 women who have filmed it and will be uploaded who knows where...how could I say no "I respond with a cheeky grin.
"Mmm.. you are my favourite little..incey, wincey, eeenie..weenie..teenie ..weenie..shrivelled little short dick man as she rubs my ass cheeks and spreads them for the onlooking audience who are shocked and giggle amongst themselves. We exchange goodbyes, I give her my number and I ride back , still stark naked home.
The ride home was uneventful with my massive truck nobody could see me I ponder on my own, maybe later I will change cars?