To say that Butch was stunned to walk into our dorm and find his girlfriendandher roommate naked would be an understatement. Of course, we were just talking, not hanky-pankying, but who knows how a guy's imagination will work.
At any rate, I got up and grabbed my short pink robe, and said, "I'll leave you two guys alone." I picked up my suite key and headed across the hall to the guy's suite. It was already a bit late, so their door was locked, and I knocked. Jim, who was Clay's roommate - our dorms are eight-person suite, with two people to a bedroom - answered the door and I asked, "Is Clayton in?"
They guys had all seen me naked before, so my robe was actually a bit modest for them, but Jim was still stammering a bit, "Uhhh, yeah, yeah, he's in our room, I think he's studying."
"Good! Why don't you go chat up Jamie for a while?" Then I headed down the hall and walked into Jim and Clay's dorm room, and no, I didn't knock; the door was open, but I wouldn't have knocked anyway. Clay looked up at me, definitely surprised, as I shut the door behind myself, and threw my robe onto one of the beds. (I hadn't been in that room before, and I didn't know which bed was Jim's and which was Clay's.) He stood up from his (rather messy) desk, where he had three books open and his laptop on,just in time for me to put my arms around his neck and draw him into a long kiss. Since I'm a lot taller than Clay, he found it a bit awkward, something he wasn't used to - Annette would have said something to which he was not used - but he sure didn't seem to mind.
I quickly figured out which bed was Clay's and then pushed him down on it, taking complete charge. Since Clay had already shown me that he could be a take-charge guy, I wasn't worried that he was a wimp or anything like that, and take-charge men love it when a woman turns the tables on them; they can appreciate it without their masculinity somehow being threatened. I reached down and pulled his shirt off of him - he was short, but he was also built, and spent plenty of time in the gym - and then started to unbutton his jeans. He raised up his hips so that I could pull them off of him, and I pulled down both his jeans and his tighty-whiteys at the same time. What he had hidden in there was pretty impressive, not overly long, but nicely thick, and getting hard without help.
I was already plenty wet, from telling Annette about my showing-off days after high school, and for the flash that Butch had gotten, wet and just plain horny. He was back sitting on the edge of his bunk when I stood over his lap and set myself right down on his cock. There were no preliminaries, there was no seduction, just plain get-it-in and get going.
Let's be honest here: Clay wasn't fucking me, I was fucking him. I had him in a bit of an awkward position, laying flat on his bunk but with his knees bent and feet on the floor, but that probably helped him not cum too fast. I put both of my hands on his chest and started riding him, easy for a few strokes until we were in tune with each other, and then hard and fast. There as nothing romantic about this, nothing gentle, but just me slamming down hard on his cock. I was so horny, not only from telling the stories to Annette, but from walking in here and just plain having my way with Clay, that it wasn't taking me long; I knew that I'd be coming in just a minute, and I wanted Clay - and maybe the guys listening outside his room - to know. I started yelling, "Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" as I slammed down on him, and then I just plain screamed as a huge orgasm went off inside my belly.
That was all it took for Clay! He arched his back a bit, raising his butt off the edge of the bed, trying to get deeper in me as I was slamming down on him, and a few seconds later he was grunting and his body getting all tensed up as he emptied his balls inside of me. We then heard cheers coming from outside the room. I knew that the other guys had been listening!
At that point, I took the pressure off my arms, and leaned down to kiss him. "Did you have fun?" I asked, with a bit of a giggle in it.
"Holy shit, Dana, what broughtthaton?"
"What, you didn't like it? You don't think I raped you, do you?"
"No, no, heck, I loved it! But I sure never expected this to happen like this."
"Hey, sometimes a girl has to do what a girl has to do!"