I knew that "9:15" meant 9:15AM, not PM, I figured that the conference Mindy's boyfriend was attending would start at 9, and the coast would be clear. At the stroke of 9:15, there I was, knocking on the door of room 237.
But who answers the door, but Gina, wearing her panties and thin, white t-shirt. My jaw dropped, she looked amazing, for someone who had obviously just woken up, her soft blue eyes, disheveled blond hair, and nearly see-through shirt were irresistible. She grabbed my hand and pulled me close. I turned and kissed her, and we began to make out.
I worked my hand under her shirt, turned her slightly, and reached up to caress her breast, when, in from the adjacent room walked Mindy, "My, my what have we here?"
I was startled, but Gina took it in stride, "Why should you get all the fun?"
Relieved that this wasn't going to turn into a cat-fight, I decided to modify the plan I had for the day.
"Get your suits, girls, we're going on a road trip!"
"Whaaaat? But it's our last day here!"
"This is the first day off I've had in weeks, and I'm certainly not going to spend it here. You two complain there's nothing to see or do here, so we are going off the beaten path. Bring some lotion and towels, too. I've packed some food." I hadn't planned on taking Gina along, but sometimes you have to improvise.
We got to my car, which was, like most cars on the island, vintage, piled in, and headed out onto the highway. Gina read the directions and stretched out her long legs in the back seat, while Mindy road shotgun and sung along to whatever came on the radio, whether she knew the words or not.
After passing through what seemed like an infinite stretch of sugar cane fields, we got off the highway and headed through a small town, then down a long dirt road. Finally, we pulled into a small, makeshift parking lot that had a handful of cars in it.
I grabbed a small cooler from the trunk, the girls grabbed their bags and we headed over a small dune to the beach.
"Here we are, the finest beach on the island!"
And it was gorgeous, like a living postcard! It had everything: the soft white sand, the crystal blue water, the gentle breeze bringing the scent of tropical flowers down from the hills. Only a few big fluffy clouds hovered over the mountains in the distance behind us. I quickly got out my phone to take a picture, this little bit of heaven was going to sustain me through many an endless arctic winter back home. I was trying to take a panorama shot, when a strange, bronzed man came running up to me.
"No picture! No picture!!"
He startled me twice, once when I was concentrating on taking the picture, the second time when I looked down and realized he wasn't wearing a bathing suit.
Upon further inspection, nobody on this beach was wearing a stitch of clothing, but they were all scattered about so wasn't immediately obvious. I had asked the concierge, Jorge, where the best beach on the island was, and this was obviously a prank. Vowing revenge, I did the only thing I could do, I dropped my bathing suit.
The girls looked at me in shock. "Well, do you know any of these people?" I gestured towards the sparse crowd. "The picture police are here, we won't end up on the internet, so what the hell!" I got out my suntan lotion and began applying. Shrugging, Mindy and Gina, untied their tops and slid out of their bottoms.
Putting on suntan lotion always takes me back to the lakeside vacations I took as a kid. I still remember my mom reminding me to cover my ears and the tops of my feet. I'm pretty sure she never told me to make sure I cover my cock and balls, but I think I'd remember a family trip to a nude beach.
I gave my crotch area a quick spray, as it is the very last place you want to get sunburn, but I didn't want to 'wake the beast,' if you know what I mean. That was going to be hard, as Mindy was putting on a show, oh-so-slowly rubbing the lotion into her breasts. Gina was also taking in this show, and I turned to her and asked her to do my back, while I lay on my stomach.
When Mindy saw this, she said, "Oooh, can I help?" and thus, "the beast" was woken, as Mindy dangled her tits in front of me while doing my upper back, as Gina rubbed lotion into my thighs and ass. I was enjoying the attention and wondering how long it would take my boner to subside, when Gina shouted, "Last one in is a rotten egg!" and the three of us sprinted off towards the water.
After frolicking in the surf for a spell, we returned to our towels, dried off and ate the sandwiches I'd packed in the cooler. Over lunch we got to talking. Gina and Mindy were childhood friends and roommates, Mindy was an actress/waitress, and Gina was a dental hygienist. They'd been seeing their boyfriends for about a month and a half, and they were not happy.
"They really love money more than either of us," Gina complained.
"Yeah! And they made us pay for this trip, while bragging about the fat year-end bonuses they get,"
Mindy said, "and show us off at office parties where we get ogled by creepy old men."
"Since when do you mind being ogled, Mindy?" Gina jabbed. Mindy hissed and made a cat's claw at her, as both girls laughed.
"But what about you, Johnny? How did a very white guy like you end up out here?" Mindy asked.
I told them how my girlfriend dumped me at the end of the last semester, screwing up my plan to work at her dad's restaurant for the summer. I did my 'narrator voice' "But fate had other plans for John Hammond."
Gina interrupted, "Wait a minute, you're a Hammond?!"
I had to explain that my family weren't the rich Hammonds, that my father worked in a bank, and my mother taught English at a private high school, and that when Michael Hammond, Sr. died, I'd be lucky to inherit a case of those cheap plastic "Hammondcane" cups.
With that, I lay back, closed my eyes and took a nap in the sun.
I wasn't out for long, when I felt a gentle female hand rustle under the towel I had thrown over my crotch. Gina's hand found my stiffening cock, "You were right, Mindy, I think his cock is bigger than Bradford's"
"Go for it, Gee, it seems like the crowd has left"
That was weird, the crowd had left? And it seemed like the sun had gone in, so why not lay back and enjoy a nice, slow hand-job? Then I felt a few drops, then I heard thunder, then I saw a bolt of lightning even though my eyes were closed. A storm had moved up quickly from behind us.
The hand-job was a fond memory, as we all scrambled to collect our stuff and head for the car through the pouring rain. Wet, shivering and naked, we made it to the car, and squeezed into the back seat. The windows steamed up as we tried to dry ourselves.
I was looking at Mindy, who looked me in the eyes and said, "While we're stuck here waiting for the storm to pass, I'm going to take care of some unfinished business from yesterday." And with that, she leaned down to plant a kiss on the tip of my cock.
Gina slid closer to me, as Mindy stretched out to lay across our laps. Sex in a car can be challenging for two people, let alone three, but this old car was just spacious enough. Mindy pushed my ass to the edge of the seat, so she could lick my balls, driving me nuts. Gina showed me her fingers, just as she plunged two of them into Mindy's pussy, making her moan. Mindy had licked her way back to the tip of my cock and was licking and sucking with gusto, and it was my turn to moan.
"How is she? Isn't Mindy a great cocksucker?" Gina asked.
I was startled and looked at her blankly. She gave me a wink. A little light-bulb went off in my head.
"Oh yeah! She really knows how to suck! She's going to take my massive cock and suck out all my cum like the good cocksucker she is! Take it all, you cock sucking slut!"
Gina shot me a "What the fuck dude?!" look and I took the hint and focused on my sincere praise of her skills.
Mindy was almost too effective, but as I was building towards a massive eruption, she began emitting the same grunts she had yesterday, Gina's fingering was having the desired effect.
She had settled on licking and sucking the tip of my cock, as her moans built, only taking her lips off as she climaxed with a loud, "Mmmmaaaah!" There was no need to quiet down this time.
Hearing her cum and seeing her blissed-out expression triggered my own eruption and I shot two blasts of cum at her face before she clamped her lips down and sucked the rest down.
As we slid back into normal sitting positions, Gina said, "Look at you!" and got out her phone to show her. There was cum in Mindy's hair and some on her cheek, and she laughed as she took a selfie, "This is one vacation photo I'm not sharing with grandma!"
The rain had stopped, and we got dressed and I began to drive us back. Gina was handling the directions again, from the back seat, but she was wearing a see-through mesh shirt, with no bikini underneath. This made me check her out in the rear-view mirror, and I could see her nipples poking through the mesh.
As we got closer to the resort, I made a turn into a small town and pulled over. "We're going to stop at my place, we can get showered and cleaned up before we head back." I had rented a furnished apartment above a small restaurant. I could have stayed at the resort, but I wanted to get away from that place just a bit.
As we entered my apartment, the girls simultaneously screamed, "I call first shower!!" and the two of them disappeared into my bathroom. For the next twenty minutes, I was treated to the sounds of a loud lesbian orgy going on behind my bathroom door.
Finally, the door opened, the girls appeared, giggling. Mindy was wearing a t-shirt and her bikini bottom and Gina wore just her mesh shirt and a short black leather mini-skirt.
"Oh? Did I miss anything?" I pulled my earbuds out and acted as if I had heard nothing.
"Aw, Johnny we were just teasing you!" Gina said, "When our boyfriends get drunk they are always like 'you two are bi, why don't you fuck for us?' It's so annoying!"
"Well, here at Casa Hammond, nobody is nagging anyone for anything. Our aim is to please."
"Is that so?" Gina said, "because there's someone here who could use some pleasing," and with that, Gina gave me a gentle shove into my couch. I sat down, she grabbed Mindy by the hand, and the two of them stood in front of me. Gina took a moment to tap her phone, and slow music, began to play from it.
Gina circled behind Mindy and slid her hands under her t-shirt, and massaged Mindy's breasts. Mindy smiled, and Gina grabbed the sides of her shirt and slowly tried to pull it up. She stopped and tried again, causing the shirt to tighten around the outline of her breasts. She tried one last time and Mindy's breasts bounced free, why Mindy pouted and feigned shock.
Now Mindy was just wearing her bikini bottoms. Gina pulled up a chair and had Mindy fold her arms on the back of it. Mindy's breasts hung free, and as Gina caressed the sides of her breasts, her nipples stiffened. Gina produced two small nipple clamps, and made a show of holding them in front of Mindy's eyes, which grew wide at the sight of them.
As each clip snapped on her nipple, Mindy let out a little yelp, and she began to shift her legs back and forth. Gina pulled Mindy's legs back so that she was really leaning on the chair. Standing behind Mindy, she gave her ass a forceful slap, untied her bikini bottom, pushed her legs apart, and began to stroke her mound, slowly teasing her pussy lips.
"Oh, you are so wet, you naughty girl! What are we going to do about this?"
Mindy gave a wide-eyed shrug.
"Can I get a volunteer from the audience?"
My hand shot up, (and it wasn't the only thing up!) and after a moment of Gina looking into the 'crowd', shock of shocks, I was selected.
She had me lay down on the floor and put a pillow under my head and had Gina squat above me.
"You are going to administer the reward, when you tire, tap the floor with your hands. But you, Miss Mindy have been a naughty girl, flinching from your clips. You are going to give me my reward for tolerating your disobedience."
Gina move the chair much closer to Mindy, and put one foot up on it, and suddenly I was treated to an amazing sight, looking up Gina's long legs, as Mindy leaned forward to eat her out.
I used the only pussylicking trick I know, I tried to lick the alphabet on Mindy's pussy. Slowly, it began to work, and by 'M', she was grunting those happy grunts. Gina was enjoying herself too, I could see her hand gripping the back of Mindy's head.
Suddenly, our ringmaster (ringmistress?) Gina stopped the action.
"Now it's time for the main course!"
She turned Mindy around to face my feet and pulled off my shorts and briefs in one tug.
She caressed my cock and balls with her hands, said, "I think this will do nicely!" and lowered herself onto me, cowgirl style. Mindy and Gina leaned in towards each other, making out above me, while I was servicing them with my tongue and cock.
Soon, Mindy came, lay down beside me and kissed me, and she shivered as I unclipped her nipples and blew cool air on them. Gina took control once again.
"Begin the finale!"
Gina rolled off me and was now laying on her back on the floor. Mindy grabbed a couple more pillows, and put them under Gina's ass, while Gina spread her legs in the air. I knelt and entered her, as she put her ankles up near my shoulders. Mindy sucked on Gina's left tit, while I fondled the right one, and all this stimulation was finally too much for her. She began grunting along to my thrusts, a deep, savage grunt, and I grabbed her hips and began slamming into her furiously; for all her bossiness, she wanted to be dominated.
Finally, she came with a roar and a jet of liquid, and I came a moment later with my own roar, shooting what felt like a was gallon of cum into her sopping pussy. I came so hard I was trembling for a few moments, but Gina was tearful. I was worried, but moment later she was giggling. Mindy and I comforted her, stroking her hair, as she nuzzled close to us, as we sat on the couch together.
I tended to the dampened pillows and tried to clean up the rug, and we realized it was dinner time back at the resort. The girls cell phones began to chirp; their boyfriends were looking for them. Tonight was their last night, and the bankers were going to have a party in the lounge after dinner.
"I can have you back home in ten minutes or we can get food from the restaurant downstairs, my treat!"
"What kind of food is it?" Mindy asked.
"Local food, it's tasty stuff, but I can hardly tell you what it is"
Gina said, "Cell service is terrible on this island!" and turned off her phone. Mindy did the same. The three of us got dressed and headed downstairs, where the Marta, the owner (and my landlady) greeted me like her long-lost son, even though I eat there like five times a week. I ordered the food for us; the girls ordered the drinks (margaritas all around). Marta sent us over a complimentary desert, which was amazing, and I covered the check. Even tipping heavily, it was about a third of what I'd pay back home.
We got into the car, but this time Gina took shotgun, and snuggled close to me, while Mindy sat in the back. Ten minutes later, we pulled up behind the service entrance to the hotel.
"Well, this is it," I said. I had only known them a short while, but, I would miss these two.
Gina and I kissed, and even though I wasn't expecting a quick peck on the cheek, I was surprised at her passion, and I reciprocated. As we made out, I just managed to get my hands on her breasts, when she got her fingers on my zipper.
She freed my cock to the cool night air, and I turned sideways to give her access without having to go through the steering wheel. Gina broke off our kiss, her lips now headed straight for my cock. Mindy leaned forward over the back seat and had pulled up her t-shirt, exposing her full breasts. I nibbled on her still sensitive boobs, and she fingered herself.
Gina sucked my cock with gusto, slowly working it down her throat, while caressing my balls with her free hand. Between the two of them, I was in paradise, or at least within walking distance of it.
Just as I was about to pass the point of no return, an ambulance, with lights and sirens blazing, makes a sharp right turn into the employee parking lot and pulls in front of us at the service entrance to the hotel, a handful of people come out of the hotel to show the paramedics where to go.
Boobs get covered, zippers get zipped, and there we are outside the service entrance, three of us, kissing good-bye in a much less enjoyable way.
I spot my manager, Alphonse, and asked him what happened.
"John, thank God you're here! They just took Roberto in the ambulance, they think he's got appendicitis. I need you to cover for him, we got a party at the lounge with no bartender!"
Having no other plans for the evening, I agreed. After all, the point of a summer job is to make money. I went to my locker to take a quick shower and change into the work clothes I keep there.
I entered the lounge to cheers, I gave the crowd a wave and shouted, "I feel great!" Baja, the dj was playing his soft intro set, he'd get to the heavier, louder dance stuff later on. The crowd seemed to be mainly banker bros, who are not known as guys who can hold their liquor. By the end of the night, I was sure I'd be pouring out a lot of Jagermeister shots. There were some women in the crowd, a few who looked like bankers, a few girlfriends, a few wives who came along to keep their husbands in line.
But after a day spent out of the orbit of the resort, I had almost forgotten how these were practically the only people in the hotel, untiltheywalked in. I know I've told you how beautiful Mindy and Gina were, but here they were, decked out in their finest, and I must say, that was pretty damn fine. Gina was wearing a sleeveless dark red dress, with a plunging vee neckline and slits on the side that showed off her amazing legs. Mindy wore a sequined iridescent black halter top that pulled her magnificent breasts apart, and a black leather mini-skirt. I cursed the company policy that made me leave my cell phone in my locker but focused on burning this stunning sight into my retinas.
Of course, they were accompanied by their boyfriends, Roger and Bradford (Not 'Brad'. Never 'Brad'). The two of them looked through the room, their eager, wide eyes seeking out the attention and adulation of their peers. What they got were hearty handshakes, and eye-rolls that they never quite caught.
After a few obligatory greetings, the girls sauntered over to the bar.
"Well look at you, working on your day off!" Mindy said.
"I'm a professional and helping the boss out of a jam is always a good move," and I pushed their drinks towards them, "Two margaritas, top shelf."
Mindy angled herself between Gina and the wall, and too a quick look around.
"Here's your tip." she said, and she pulled her top to the side and flashed her boob at me.
This was going to be an interesting night.
Baja began to crank the music louder, switching from "music you can talk over" to "music you have to shout over," and the crowd got the message, and soon almost everyone was on the dance floor. The bar was a bit slack, and the girls came back for another round of margaritas. This time, Gina hiked up her dress and gave me a lovely view of her pussy.
The evening wore on, and Bradford left with a few of his banker bros to go, "Check out this really epic whoreho- uh, "bar" in town. I'm just going along to keep the guys out of trouble." Gina rolled her eyes and said, "I'll get the bail money ready," but this bit of snark sailed over his drunken head like a satellite.
Roger struggled with Mindy on the dance floor, Baja had shifted gears again, this time to "music you can slow dance to, so you can go back to your room and fuck like bunnies" Roger was clearly wasted even by the usual 'end of the party' standards, someone had been pouring his shots with a heavy hand. But he was still raring to go and as they slow danced, he was groping her ass.
Once their song ended, and she led him over to the bar, and headed off to the ladies' room.
"What can I get you?" I asked him, but looking at him, there was no doubt that he needed to be cut off. He started to order a drink, but I ignored him and gave him some coffee. As he started to take it, his expression devolved, from amiable drunkenness to imminent vomitiousness, and I hustled him behind the bar and pointed his face at a handy bucket. He obliged by puking into it, and I one of his pals to escort him to the men's room.
Baja announced the last song, which for him was always, "The Lady in Red," and I began to close up my station. As I was cleaning up I looked up at the dance floor, and there they were, Gina and Mindy, in the center of the dance floor, dancing close. Really close. Mindy was leaning her head just above Gina's breast, and Gina turned Mindy's head up towards her and they kissed and began to make out. I watched, speechless, and others in the crowd noticed too. Roger and Bradford would hear all about what they missed when they got back to the office.
Arm-in-arm, Gina and Mindy came towards me, but so did Alphonse, who said, "John, we gotta prep for brunch tomorrow." With my boss there, I had to turn to them and say, "I'm so sorry ladies, we're closed. Perhaps you might want to order some champagne from room service, but hurry, it's closing soon."
Pouting, they turned away, and I began to help strike the lounge setup and put up the brunch stations. About a half an hour later it was set up, so when the team came in in the morning, they'd just need to set out the food.
I went down to the basement, got my phone, and took one of the rooms available for employees who had to work the late shift and be in early the next morning, as I did. This had been one long day. On my way, I passed the service area, and spotted a large bottle of champagne on ice on a cart. Javier, the lone bellhop on duty was swamped, as some guests had arrived very late, having had their flights delayed. I told him I'd take care of it.
Two minutes later I was knocking on the door of room 237.
"Room Service!"
"Oh, just put it over -Hey, Johnny!" cried Mindy, and she and Gina hugged me.
The lights were dim, and Gina was wearing her thin white tee, while Mindy was wearing a lacy pink teddy. I popped the champagne, and poured us three glasses, and Gina brought me up to speed. "Roger is in the other room, passed out, but Bradford will probably be back at any moment."
At that, we heard a few drunken revelers staggering down the hall.
"Well then ladies, I suggest we take this to someplace more private." I grabbed the champagne, checked the hall, and the three of us crept off towards the service elevator. The elevator was empty, and we headed down to the room in the basement.
We reached the spare room, and I immediately put the "Do Not Disturb" sign up. It was a pretty basic room, a good-sized bed and a bathroom. One of the handymen had practiced putting up mirrors on one of the walls and while some of them were uneven, it did make the room look slightly larger, and made up for the lack of windows.
Gina took the champagne, while Mindy helped me undress. Or at least she tried to, in between kisses and caresses. I had to take a moment to hang up my shirt and pants, and I return to find Mindy on all fours on the bed, with Gina fingering her through her panties. I slid in behind Gina and work my hands up under her long t-shirt,and pulling it up and off.. Gina turned around at returned the favor and pulled down my boxers, and my cock bobbed free.
"Well hello, handsome!" Gina said, "Who ya gonna fuck today?"
"Speaking for my cock, I'll give you each a turn, you'll have to share, like in school."
"Me first!!" cried Mindy, prompting Gina to roll her eyes.
Mindy, since she really loved it doggy style, got on all fours, while Gina slid underneath her. I inserted a couple of fingers into her and she was slick and ready. That little show she and Gina put on really got her going.
"Are you ready, Mindy?" I teased her.
"Yes!"
"So, what should I do?" I asked, as I teased her pussy lips with the tip of my cock.
"Fuck me with your cock!"
"What's the magic word?"
"Fuck me with your massive cock, please, Johnny, pleeeeease!"
I smiled and obliged grabbing her hips and sliding into her in one long, slow motion, prompting a moan. I pulled back, almost entirely out of her, and she moaned again.
I began to pick up the pace, moving in and out, holding onto her hips, and Gina began to suck on her tits, and massage her clit. This was driving Mindy wild, she was grunting loudly, and pushing her ass into my thrusts. Moments later her grunts rose in pitch. I felt her pussy twitch, and as she came, gripping the bed in her fists.
Mindy rolled off, leaving Gina, who spread her long legs, and invited me with a smoldering look. I entered her slowly, starting to fuck he missionary style, she was wet, but tight, so I pulled back. I repeated this back and forth until I was all the way in.
"How's that?" I asked, but looking down at her face, she was a picture of furious concentration.
She was rocking her hips in time with my thrusts and grabbing my hips with her hands. I changed my rhythm, trying a few short thrusts then long ones, but her look of frustration didn't change.
Finally, I had an idea, and I rolled us over, so that she was on top of me.
"So now you want me to fuck you?"
"I'll let my hard, wet cock answer for me," I answered, and she lowered herself onto me.
Now Gina was on top of me, cowgirl style, and she was giving it all she had. She was leaning backwards, so I couldn't reach her breasts, all I could do was enjoy being ridden. Mindy, however, found her way behind Gina and was twisting her nipples, and whispering something in her ear I couldn't make out.
Gina's concentration was intense as she rode me, but she was responding to Mindy's whispers, repeating, "Yes" like a mantra, but as her excitement built it change to "oh!" and finally, "Aaaah!"
This time, no tears, just laughter and the two girls snuggled close to me.
"You're good, Johnny! Gina's cum more with you in two days than she has in two months with Bradford," Mindy said, "What's your secret?"
"I'd tell you, but I'd have to kill you!"
Mindy smashed my head with a pillow.
"But you know we can't let you leave here with taking care of the beast," Gina said.
"Leave? This is my room!"
"You know what I mean"
Gina and Mindy got up, pulled me up and led me to the bathroom. There, they took turns cleaning my cock, and balls, and pretty much everything above my knees and below my hips with a warm washcloth.
Now my cock was 'at ease' as I stood at the foot of the bed. Mindy crawled over, cradled my balls in her hand and began to suck on my limp cock. It wasn't limp for too much longer, and as I looked down, I saw her eager brown eyes looking up at me.
Being somewhat distracted, I didn't notice what Gina was up to until she crawled up behind me on the bed and put a sleep mask over my eyes.
"We're going to play 'Blind Man's Bluff', are you game?" she said.
"Uh, yes," I gulped.
Then she put my hands behind my back and tied them together with a piece of cloth. It was snug, but I could free myself with a bit of effort.
"We didn't dare take our toys through customs" Gina said, "so we'll have to make do."
Mindy had pulled away, and I could hear them whispering. One pair of hands pushed me back onto the bed, while another parted my legs, putting my knees in the air.
Gina's boob found its way to my mouth (I could tell them apart with my eyes closed) and she turned and crawled her way down my body until she took my cock in her mouth, and I could eat her out. Mindy was busy, too sucking on my balls, taking them in her mouth one at a time, and between the two of them, I was ready to cum.
I moaned and grunted, and I was getting ready to send a load of cum down Gina's throat, when the two of them stopped.
"How was that Johnny?" Mindy asked.
"Amazing," I said, "But I'm sure you knew that."
After a few minutes, they started in again. This time, I was pulled into a standing position, and one of them licked and sucked on my cock while the other started on my balls, but this time she kept heading south, until she was licking my perineum (yeah, I had to look that up). This felt great, and I was nearly "there", and I groaned when they stopped again
"How was that?" Gina asked.
"It's OK," I lied.
They laughed, but soon they were on me again, one of them taking my cock, while the other licked from my balls to my perineum to my asshole. This felt amazing, and the girls knew it. Gina, who had my cock, started jerking me off while she was sucking the tip of my cock and with Mindy eating out my ass, my grunts and groans grew until I finally came.
I shot rope after rope of cum at Gina's face, as I came so hard my knees buckled, and I fell back onto the bed. I freed my hands and pulled off the sleep mask. I was greeted with a vision of Mindy kissing and licking my cum off Gina's face.
"How wasthat?" Mindy asked. I just laughed.
"Good!" I said, "I-may-need-CPR good!"
We laid back in bed, finished the champagne (having worked up a thirst) and the three of us passed out, with me flanked by the two beauties. A few hours later, they kissed me good-bye, and slipped away to their rooms.
Later that morning, I was working the breakfast buffet, when in come the girls and their boyfriends. Roger was wearing his shades and looked hungover, and Bradford looked similarly rough.
The girls, by contrast, looked amazing. I personally felt a bit worn out after yesterday, but Gina and Mindy looked like they were ready for a photo shoot.
As I was waiting to help guests around the coffee station, Gina approached me.
"Could you show me where the ladies room is?" she asked.
"It's the first door on your le-"
"Could you SHOW me?"
I finally took the hint (I hadn't had my coffee) and the two of us headed off to a more discrete spot where we could say good-bye. She leaned in close and we kissed and after a minute we broke it off. She gave my cock a quick squeeze, said, "I'll miss you John, if you're ever in New York.."
"I'll look you up!" I replied, and we went back to the breakfast area.
I little bit later, it was nearly check-out time and I was cleaning up the lounge from breakfast, when my phone buzzed with a message. This was odd because I knew my phone was in my locker. The message said, "Rm 237 ;D"
Apparently, while Gina and I were making out, she slipped Mindy's phone into my jacket pocket. I went up to room 237, to find Mindy pretending to look for her phone.
"Could you help me find my phone, sir?" She gave me a wink.
"Is this your phone?" I said as I gave it to her.
"Yes! Oh, thank you! Thank you! I don't have any money on me, whatever can I do for you?"
"I think you know," I said with a wink.
And with that, she pulled down her sundress and gave me one last, long look (and feel, and lick)
of her fantastic boobs. While I could literally do that all day, Mindy did have to check out, and I had to get back to work setting up my afternoon bartending station.
"Johnny, if you're ever in New York.." she said
"I'll look you up," I said, and I went back to work, while Mindy and Gina got on their plane. But all day long, I was thinking that I really should see New York someday.
Epilogue: I went to my locker after a long day of work, feeling like I needed a day off to recover from my day off, wondering how I could tell this story to my buddies back home without getting laughed out the door, when my phone starts buzzing. It starts downloading pictures. Of Mindy's cum-covered face, Gina cupping Mindy's boobs, Gina sucking on my balls, Mindy licking my cock, Gina deep-throating me while my masked face ate her out, Mindy teasing Gina's nipples and finally, Gina with her face and hair glazed with my cum, winking at the camera, with Mindy next to her sticking out her tongue. I laughed to myself, thinking this would prove my story, beyond a doubt, but then again, even if no one believes it at all, it still happened.
I went back to my frigid midwestern town torn between moving to New York City or returning to the tropics, but I knew I had to return home and finish school. My girlfriend had left several messages for me over the summer, and while I might offer her forgiveness and take her back, this summer had change some things for good. This summer had been a real education for me.