I stood outside our hotel room, looking at the door, butterflies fluttering madly in my stomach. I was dressed in thigh length boots, tiny tight mini skirt which was showing the lower part on my naked buttocks with a tight corset top barely containing my ample breasts. To cap it all I had thick strands of cum on my thigh length boots, glistening in the subdued lighting. I knew my sex life and my relationship had with my husband had now changed, but would it be for the good or would it be bad?
I slid the electronic key card in the slot as the light turned green, allowing me access into the room.
I stepped inside and nervously closed the door behind me.
"What the fuck!" My husband said in a raised voice, but not in an angry tone.
I looked at him as his eyes wandered up and down my body, focusing on the globules of thick white cum on black leather boots.
"Someone has been a very naughty slut!" Steve smiled, beckoning me toward him.
A smile broke across his face, letting me know I had his seal of approval.
"I've been a very naughty slut wife! I've even been a filthy whore!" I smiled teasingly.
Steve pulled me close to him, his hands around my corseted waist as he kissed me passionately.
He moaned into my mouth as he tasted my lips and breath, still possessing the aromatic scent and taste of cock. Breaking our kiss he looked down at my cum drenched boot and whispered.
"I want to watch you scoop that up and swallow it!"
I smiled as I made myself comfortable on the bed. Raising my left leg up, I scrapped the come on to the fingers of my left hand. I tilted my head back and let the spunk slide off my fingers into my open mouth. My legs were parted, showing Steve my wet shaved unfaithful pussy. I grazed my lips with the fingertips of cum drenched hand, using the spunk like a lip gloss. Steve was naked watching my little show, his erect cock thrusting from his groin as I licked clean my fingers.
I looked into my husbands eyes with a smouldering grin and whispered.
"Fuck me babe and I'll tell you all about it!"
Steve knelt between my open legs and positioned the head of his cock at my wet pulsating opening. His cock separated my labia and slid delightfully deep inside me. I groaned with pure lust, taking my third cock of the day inside my slut pussy. Hubby began a slow fucking rhythm, watching his cock slide in and out, pleasuring his slut hot wife.
He moved down to my head and kissed my lips delicately. The taste of the cum was fresh on my lips as he nibbled and licked my burning lips. His panting and moaning as he kissed and tasted the cum of my client, sent me over the edge and a wild orgasm burst through me. I was riding his cock relentlessly, panting ferociously with each thrust.
"Fuck me babe! Fuck me!" I groaned "I've been a dirty slut fucking other men!"
Hubby continued thrusting, stabbing my cunt with his cock as I continued my verbal confession.
"I've sucked their cocks, let them use me and I let one fuck my ass!" I purred.
This last statement drove Steve over the edge, as he began to flood my pussy with his hot virile seed.
Gritting his teeth he snarled his way through his orgasm, emptying every single drop of his spunk deep inside me.
I held his head and kissed him gently as our orgasms began to wane. His cock was depleting, but still rubbing back in forth inside my incredibly wet pussy. He withdrew from my pussy and rolled over beside me onto his back. I moved down to his cock and licked every drop of both of our orgasms off his cock. I cleaned his balls, licking and sucking them gently and cleaned his cock, slurping up and down his length as I maintained eye contact with him throughout.
"So are you going to tell me how it all went, fucking two different guys only minutes apart?" He smiled, his cock coming back to life.
"I'll have even more to tell you later as I'm going to pop out and fuck the hotel manager soon!"
Steve looked at me somewhat startled and laughed.
"Make sure he fucks your ass and see if you can work out a deal for hotel rooms!" He winked.
I smiled placing my hand on Steve's erect cock.
"I plan to as we both seem to like our new arrangement. I'll be coming back here to fuck guys in the future, even if it means I've to let the manager fuck me now and again!" I smiled.
"Will I be involved in any of this?" Steve enquired.
"Sometimes. But there will be times when I'll pick a guy up in the mall or when I'm on a night out. It will be nice to know I have somewhere comfortable where I can be a slut!" I laughed, still stroking Steve's cock.
"Sounds OK to me! Now lets hear your story and I'll show you some pics and videos I made watching you get fucked by two different guys!"
I smiled at Steve, continued to stroke his cock and began to regale my tale.
"I left here and went to Simons room. He greeted me naked except for a shirt, which was open revealing his hard cock. It was the first hard cock I'd seen since we married and it had my pussy tingling immediately. His cock was much bigger than I anticipated and I couldn't wait to have him inside me!"
Steve's cock actually grew as he listened intently to my account of my infidelity.
"We placed a chair in front of the window and I straddled his magnificent cock! I looked over here and saw you watching me being a slut for another man!"
I have some pics of that moment!" Steve said reaching for the camera "Here you are, cock hungry and wanting to fucked!" He smiled showing me the photographs.
I looked at the pics and felt my pussy tingle at the memory of Simons beautiful cock. I looked a complete slut whore in the photographs, actually shocked at how short my tight mini skirt was and how much of my ass it showed.
"I came a couple of times as he fucked me and knew he was going to cum. I said to him to cum on the window and I would lick it all off. I did this as I knew you were watching and I thought it would be a very slutty thing to do!" I giggled stroking Steves cock.
"I licked all of his spunk off the window then asked him if he wanted to tie me up and fuck me!" I smiled suggestively.
"He used the white rope to good effect, using me like a kinky slut!" I grinned.
"I know!" Steve smiled "I have photographs of that also!"
He showed me the photograph and I smiled remembering the moment.
"Simon fucked me, telling me how much of a slut and whore I was, which I absolutely loved and actively encouraged!" I smiled "He told me to suck his cock and swallow his load, which I did obediently. Once he'd finished coming we swapped cell phone numbers as I want to fuck him again, then I left his room!"
"There's more to tell!" Steve grinned.
I got in the elevator and there was a really hot guy in the car when I got in. He cheekily implied I was a hooker, which instead of offending me, it turned me on!" I giggled "He invited me back to his room, so I took him up on the offer. The elevator went to the ground floor and the Manager got in with us. We went back to the top floor, the guy fingering me all the way behind the managers back!"
Steve listened intently as I regaled the sexual antics I had just enjoyed.
"I texted you from his bathroom then went into the room. He gave me three hundred which I slipped in my bag and then took out his cock. He was as big if not bigger than Simon, it must be my lucky day. Cheating on my husband with two huge cocks!" I giggled, teasing my husband with a tinge of humiliation regarding the bigger cocks.
"He made me come a couple of times, then fucked me up the ass, which made me come again. Eventually he pulled out and sprayed his load all over my boots, for me to walk through the lobby back to here!" I smouldered stroking my husbands cock a little faster "He gave me his business card as he wants to fuck me again, then I left his room!"
Steve groaned at the thought of his wife returning to the guys room to perform as a hooker.
"As I walked through the lobby, loads of guys were checking in and checking me out. My ass was almost on display and when I reached the elevators I blew them all a kiss!" I giggled, feeling my husbands cock twitch indicating he was ready to come.
"When I got in the elevator, the Manager was in there. I gave him a deep tongue kiss and rubbed his cock over his trousers. He gave me his business card and I told him I would ring him in an hour!" I said just as spunk began to pour and spurt out of Steve's cock. His come was running down my hand as I continued to stroke his exploding cock.
As his cock began to recede, I smiled at him and winked.
"Shall I give the manager a ring, then get changed into something slutty!"