I hear the door open quietly and someone step inside. They close the door with a gentle click and they stand there waiting. I know they are watching me as I feign sleep so I pretend to move in my dreams and knock the bedclothes from me, exposing my naked breasts. My nipples harden on contact with the cool air and I hear the person in my room breathing deeply.
I hear the padding of their feet on the carpet as they creep across the room towards my double bed. I am surprised. Usually they leave when they have seen my breasts. I feel fingers hesitantly brush against my nipples and feel my pussy instantly getting wet as the mystery fingers caress my bare breasts. I keep my eyes tightly shut and try to keep my breathing sound like the deep breathing of sleep. I feel a warm wet mouth envelope my nipple and gently start to suck me. It feels so good as they lick and suck me. I again pretend to move in my sleep and I hear the person jump back away from me. I stretch "in my sleep" and roll over, knocking the bedclothes off my naked body, exposing pussy and ass as I roll. I make sure to roll far enough to leave room on the bed for somebody to join me. I snuggle up slightly, tucking my knees up, knowing I am now exposing my glistening wet lips to my mystery admirer.
As I pretend to settle back into sleep I hear the person speak for the first time. "Dirty bitch," he whispers. I hear him dart forwards and feel a single finger run along my wet slit. It takes all my self control to keep my breathing rhythmic as he slips a fingertip inside of me. I just want to push myself back onto him, but I can't. Not yet.
He removes his finger and steps away from the bed. I hear him quietly tug off his trousers and then also remove his underwear. I feel the bed dip ever so slowly as it takes his weight as he climbs onto it next to me.
I continue to pretend to be asleep and nothing happens. I begin to wonder if my mystery guest has fallen asleep. Then suddenly I feel it again, a finger running along my wet pussy lips and a finger enters me. He pushes it deep inside me and slowly pulls it out and then pushes two fingers in and out and then three. I am yearning to be filled and almost beg for more. He is slowly pumping them in and out of me, in and out. I feel myself getting wetter and wetter. "So fucking wet," he whispers to himself. He removes his fingers and reaches around to my clit. He is moving loudly and seems to be forgetting that I'm "asleep" so I pretend to stir again. He pauses with his fingers about to touch me.
When I am still again, he slowly and quietly returns his fingers to my pussyhole, lubes them up with my juices and gently reaches back over and begins rubbing my clit. He adjusts his position on the bed so his body is closer to mine and I feel his hardness pressing against my ass. I struggle to contain my moans as he rubs and caresses me. I get closer and closer to the edge as he touches and teases my clit but just as I am about to cum, he pauses and I feel pressure on my pussyhole. I realise it's the head of his dick and I feel the large mushroom tip teasing me as he runs it up and down my slit. Suddenly he slams his hips forwards and I feel his huge dick ram into my warm wet pussy. I feel his cock rubbing the walls of my cunt and I am so full of dick that I scream out with pleasure.
"I fucking knew you were awake, you dirty bitch!" He mutters triumphantly in my ear pounding me harder and harder. I try to turn to see who it is but he forces my head down onto the bed facing away from him.
"Tell me who you are," I pant as he thrusts deeply into me.
"No," he whispers and using the hand that isn't holding me down, he pinches my nipples until I yelp. As the pain from my nipples combines with the pleasure from the fast and hard pounding, I feel myself losing control and my body begins to shake uncontrollably. I moan loudly as I buck and jerk, cumming and spreading my juices all over his solid dick.
"I know I could make you cum," he whispers in my ear as he continues to pump into me while I slump forwards, spent from the pleasure. I feel my juices spilling onto my bed and I yearn for him to fill me with his cum.
"Fill me," I moan, "Fuck me and cream me please!" I beg as I push myself against him. He laughs and pounds me even harder. Suddenly his body stiffens. He grips my breasts tightly and he pushes his cock deeper than I ever thought it could go. I feel his hot spunk shooting into me and I moan loudly with pleasure as his body jerks against mine.
He pulls his now spent cock out of me and stops holding my head. I don't turn to see who it is. I hear him pulling on his clothes and walking towards the door.
"Sleep tight," he says and then he is gone.