Showering before work Mandy wondered what her next shift would bring. Despite meeting Jenny on her last trip she hadn't seen her later on that day. Mandy was disappointed she'd wanted to take their meeting further. She knew it would be difficult because the trains could be busy and her work uniform of the green woolen dress only zipped up the back. If Mandy had her way the dress would have either zipped up the front or had buttons. After all easy access was always a bonus! Just the thought of it made her pussy twitch with excitement.
Over the past few weeks Mandy had been working on shorter local trains so the trips weren't really the chance to meet anyone and have some fun. In fact the journeys were no more than an hour and Mandy found that frustrating. Often she'd see a man or woman she would like to be involved with, only to find that when she had gone back through the train that they had got off at the previous stop!
Mandy had been busy though thinking about how she could make her own fun and how she could make the journeys more adventurous. When she was married her then husband had tried anal sex with her but his cock was too big for her petite arse and he hadn't bothered to think about butt pugs or small dildos to try and get her arse used to having something sliding into it. His attitude had put Mandy off of the idea. Now that she was free and single her mind wandered back to arse play. She had recently bought a small butt plug to try and had enjoyed putting lube on it and then sliding it into her tight arse.
Her afternoons and nights after her shifts had seen her trying the butt plug in various positions. One afternoon she had put on a large pair of knickers, the type she wouldn't normally wear, but this time she had them on to help keep the butt plug in as she wanted try walking around with it in - not that her arse was loose but she didn't want it randomly falling out somewhere. The sensation was amazing. Her tight arse hole seemed to like the small plug being inserted and with the aid of her large knickers she was able to walk round her house with it firmly inside her.
Slipping on a pair of small denim shorts over her large knickers, she added a tight white t-shirt and sandals and she left her house. Now she was out on the street and walking past people who were oblivious to her inserted toy. Her t-shirt was a thick cotton type and she had purposely not bothered to wear a bra. As she walked her t-shirt rubbed on her pert nipples, teasing them. Rubbing them, making the whole experience so much more than just a walk. This was a walk to see how she could make her train journeys more exciting. After all, work wasn't supposed to be boring was it?
At the start of her next shift she showered and put her bra on and then before slipping into her large knickers she inserted the butt plug. Just testing it for fit. Taking it out she washed it and slipped it into her handbag. Knickers on and then her tights and dress and she was ready.
Todays train was a longer haul one with a journey time of 3 hours. Mandy had checked the train before any passengers boarded and then found a toilet situated near the end of the train. Darting in she slipped her tights and knickers down and then putting her right leg up onto the rim of the toilet she inserted the butt plug before replacing her knickers and tights. The feeling of it filling her arse hole made her aroused and her clit throbbed as she left the toilet and did a practice walk through the empty carriages.
Mandy had to admit to herself that this felt good and ultimately, no one would know!
The train started to fill up and in no time it was ready to leave. Mandy walked through the carriages checking that people were OK and that there were no problems. The train had one small first class carriage which only had 2 businessmen in it. One of them caught her eye, clean shaven, short dark hair and a cheeky smile. Mandy could see that he was well dressed in a dark blue suit with a pale blue shirt on. The thought of him touching her naked body made her shudder. She smiled at him and moved through the compartment.
Everything was going OK and the train had made a couple of stops. Mandy was enjoying the thought of the butt plug up her arse and she decided to stop in one of the toilets. Locking the door behind her she could feel the train swaying as it travelled across country. She lifted her dress up and pulled her tights down. Then her knickers before she sat down on the closed toilet lid. Placing her feet up on the wall of the toilet cubicle gave her access to the butt plug which she now pulled out of her arse. Not all the way, she started to gently fuck her arse with it. The feeling of it going in and out had her feeling horny in no time. She imagined the businessman thrusting his cock into her waiting arse hole. Rubbing her free hand over her tits she was in ecstasy. The thought then left her as someone rattled the door handle of the cubicle door. Stopping what she was doing Mandy stood up and dressed herself before leaving the cubicle. She gave an embarrassed smile to a lady who was waiting outside and made her way down the train.
The journey was passing without too much trouble when the train came to a stop in the middle of nowhere. Mandy made her way to the driver who told her that he had received a message that the train was to halt as there was a problem up ahead.
Mandy made her way back through the train informing the passengers of what was going on. When she reached first class the she peered through the sliding door and could see only one person, the business man she had seen earlier. The other man must have left the train at one of the previous stops. As she watched she could see the back of the mans head. Then she managed to see in a gap between the seats that he was watching a film on his I-Pad. Mandy gasped as she saw that he was watching a porn film that had an older woman and a younger woman licking and teasing each other. She could feel her nipples get erect and her clit twitch as she watched.
After a few moments Mandy walked into the carriage, the man didn't move but as she walked past him she noticed that his trousers were open and that he was stroking his erect cock. He hadn't heard her as he had his earphones on and he suddenly realised that she was there.
"Oh, shit, sorry, I didn't realise you were there."
"It's OK. Interesting film is it"?
"Erm, not really. You must think I'm a pervert. Sorry, the journey was boring so I thought as I was on my own I'd pass the time."
Before he knew it Mandy had walked over to him and knelt in front of him.
"Let me have a look at your cock then".
He moved his hands away from his cock. Mandy looked at it, erect and with pre-cum on the tip. She lent forward and took it in her mouth, moving it in and out. Tasting him. Realising that this was why she loved her job. Chance encounters with complete strangers - no strings, no ties, just FUN!
He opened his legs wider as she worked her mouth up and down his throbbing cock. With one of her hands she slowly started to wank his cock. She was desperate to taste his cum, to see what another man, other than her ex-husband tasted like.
Within no time he twitched and jets of his hot cum fired into her mouth. There seemed to be no end to it and she had to quickly gulp to swallow it all.
Standing up Mandy looked at him.
"I'm just going to check with the driver and then I'll be back."
She went and saw the driver who told her that they would be stuck for at least another half an hour. May walked back to first class. The business man was still there. She laughed to herself, she didn't even know his name.
She walked into the compartment and then operated a lever so that the door couldn't be opened by anyone else.
Pulling her dress up she then slipped her shoes off and pulled down her tights. He looked intently at her, wondering what she was doing. Then her large knickers came off and she bent over in front of him. He could see the end of the butt plug as it sat in her arse hole. Putting a hand between her legs she pulled it out and placed it into some tissue.
"Now, you can fuck my arse Mr Business man".
He didn't need to be asked twice. Stroking his cock, making it erect again he moved towards her. Gently, very gently she slid it into her waiting arse hole.
Mandy murmured with delight as she felt his length inside her arse. Now this was what she wanted a good fuck up her arse. He gently started to rock his hips backwards and forwards filling her tight arse hole with his thrusting cock. Mandy couldn't believe just how good it felt. She moved one of her hands and started to rub her swollen clit, teasing it and feeling the guys cock as he fucked her.
He was grunting as he pushed himself in and out of her tight arse. She wanted this to last as long as it could. A feeling she had never felt before. Before she knew it she could feel her pussy becoming wet and she rubbed her clit harder.
The guy was thrusting so hard his balls were slapping on her arse cheeks. She moaned as she felt herself cum but he wasn't finished yet. Thrusting harder and harder he then pushed for one final time before jetting more cum into her waiting hole. He pulled himself out of her and collapsed in his seat. Mandy stood up and pulled her large knickers on again and then completed dressing herself. She turned winked at the guy and walked off, smiling to herself and feeling satisfied.
Train journeys, could they get any better?