[Author's note: This story is dedicated to 'Jackie' who read the first draft of this story, (in August 2012), and inspired me to exert the effort necessary to make it into what it has become. I also want to extend a special thanks to 'mandabo1018' who assisted in its editing. All characters in the story are 18 years of age or older.]

Chapter I.

Ashley Adams entered her bedroom and went to the closet. She picked out some sleep clothes in preparation for her nightly shower. Exiting the closet she took a couple of steps toward the bathroom, then froze. She looked with disbelief at the wall of glass separating her bedroom from the backyard. The drapes that usually provided her privacy were gone.
"Daaa... deee!" she hollered loudly enough to be heard throughout the house.
Her father, Morgan Adams, was in the living area at the other end of the house. He had just turned off the television when he heard his daughter scream. He double-timed it to her room. In the doorway he stopped. "What is it?" he breathlessly asked.
"Look," Ashley said loudly, wagging a finger toward the uncovered windows, "What happened to my curtains?"
Still labored in his breathing, Mr. Adams hastily replied, "Oh kitten, I am so sorry, we should have told you. Your mother had the maid take them down today and sent to the cleaners." Seeing the still dazed look on his daughter's face, he added, "They have been hanging in your room for five years and we were sure they were justfullof dust."
Ashley was flustered. "But... but... I mean, what am I supposed to do? How do I keep someone from looking in?" Ashley was eighteen and like many girls her age had become very protective of her privacy.
Mr. Adams explained patiently, "Look, sweetheart, it's just for a couple of days and you can be careful till we get them back, and besides, there's no-one out there tolookin."
It bothered Ashley that she couldn't see what, (or who), was on the other side of the glass. Flailing her arms wildly she protested, "How do youknowthat, Daddy. There might be a peeping Tom out there right now."
"Ashley, please, calm down," Mr. Adams pleaded, "The whole yard is surrounded by an eight foot high fence and there's a lock on the gate. The only wayanyonecan get into that yard is through this house. There isno-oneout there."
"You're sure then," Ashley asked. Mr. Adams nodded. Ashley knew he had to be right. On the other hand, there was still a possibility, no matter how small it might be. A little shiver went up her spine. It scared her alright, but the possibility also caused a bit of excitement.
"Well, at least my bathroom is still private," she lamented. "You didn't take those curtains, too, did you?" She saw the look on her father's face and immediately knew the answer. "Oh, no, please tell me you didn't, please, please -"
"I... uh... I'm sorry, but yes those were taken down too. You're just going to have to be careful for a couple of days," Mr. Adams replied sheepishly.
Ashley looked at the diaphanous gown she held in her hands. Seeing that her father's eyes were locked on the gown, she hastily said, "I think I need to wear something else."
"You be as careful as you think you need to be," Mr. Adams said as he turned to leave, "I'm sure the curtains will be back in place before the weekend."
Ashley hesitated as he left the room, still wondering what it might be like to at leastpretendshe was being watched. She dismissed the thought and turned back to the closet.

Chapter II.

When school started in the fall, Ashley would be a freshman in college. Although still a virgin, Ashley was a not a complete stranger to sex. She had a brother her own age, (a twin actually), and ever since they had been old enough to realize they weren't identical, they had played games that gave them an excuse to check out each other's equipment.
As they grew older however, the sexual games had become less and less, until now they were virtually non-existent. It had always been just brother/sister games anyway, nothing more serious. Both were attractive and had been among the most popular in school, but as each had become interested in others, the games with each other seemed increasingly inappropriate.
Several weeks ago Ashley had broken up with a boy she had been going with for most of the last year. She had thought for some time that he might even bethe one. They had studied after school at his house on a number of occasions. As neither of his parents got home until around 6:00, their studying frequently turned into a hot make-out session with a lot of loosened, (and sometimes removed), clothing.
A few months back, just after they had turned eighteen, Ashley allowed him to unsnap her bra, and a few days later, to remove it altogether. She had been reluctant, even somewhat resistant, but when she felt his hands on her bare breasts and his tongue flicking over her nipples, it was like a narcotic -- she had to have more. Thereafter, Ashley undid the bra herself, often as soon as they were alone.
Ashley and Rob, that was his name, still hadn't actually done it, but they were very close. One afternoon, shortly before graduation, alone in his house, they stretched out on the couch and quickly got pretty much naked. Rob's hands were all over her but mostly between her legs. Ashley's hand was inside his shorts, wrapped lightly around his cock, slowly stroking it.
Ashley had spent a lot of sleepless nights thinking about this. She knew what was about to happen and had decided she was ready for it.
Ashley slid Rob's shorts down and off. Then brushing his hand aside, she did the same with her panties. She took hold of Rob's cock and brushed the head of it against her pussy lips. She was about to push it between them when they heard the garage door. One of Rob's parents had come home early. Ashley jumped up, hastily grabbed her purse and clothes and raced to the nearest bathroom. She dressed, applied make-up and brushed her hair.
Exiting the bathroom she was greeted by Rob's mother who was just coming in from the garage. Rob had also dressed and was seated at the table where their books and papers were carelessly spread before him. Rob's mother had no reason to believe that her son and his girlfriend hadn't actually been studying.
Ashley was polite to Rob's mother but expressed the need to get on home. She gathered her books and headed out the door to her house, which was only a few doors away.
On the way home though, Ashley made an important decision. She decided that she wasn't quite ready to lose her virginity after all, and although Rob could certainly get her turned on, the sex was really all there was between them. It was a good thing Mrs. Wilson had come home when she did.
Ashley decided it was time to end the relationship with Rob. It wasn't likely that his mother would show up again, just at the right time, and Ashley wanted more than just sex in her relationship.

Chapter III.

Ashley hung up the gown and selected a crinkle cotton sleep set, pullover top and loose fitting panties, boy-shorts style, and very definitelynotsee-through. In the bathroom she only needed to worry about her top as the window ledge was just above waist height. She could keep her back to the window until she had the top on. Her legs would still be bare but that would only matter in the bedroom and she wouldn't have the bedroom light on very long. If anyonewasin the backyard watching, they wouldn't see much.
In the bathroom, she dropped the sleep set on a chair and stripped off her street clothes, being careful to keep her back to the window.
While looking at herself in the mirror, Ashley began thinking about her brother's friend, Jarrad. Ever since meeting him at fourteen, she had had a crush on him, but although he had always been friendly, and sometimes even a bit flirtatious, he had generally treated her more like a sister than the way she wanted to be treated.
Ashley couldn't understand why Jarrad hadn't already made some moves on her. She was tall enough, but not too tall. Her hair was blond, but she could dye it brown, or even black or red, if that's what he wanted. At fourteen she had been skinny, but you wouldn't say that now.
Ashley was still slim, but she was also nicely rounded in the right places. And her breasts were of the size and shape that made the guys drool and other girls jealous. She lightly pinched her nipples.
It was the beginning of summer and Ashley was going to spend most of it in a bikini at their backyard pool. Her brother and Jarrad, who were also going to be college freshmen next year, would be spending lots of time around the pool too. Ashley considered how she would look in a bikini and was pretty sure it wouldn't be long before Jarrad was thinking of her as a woman, not as a little girl.
Naked, she stepped into the shower, still being careful to keep her body turned away from the window. With the water running over her naked form, Ashley slowly and sensuously soaped herself. The bedroom with its wall of glass and no curtains would be no place for sexual stimulation tonight, and even though she had to be careful in the bathroom too, at least the shower was still private.
Ashley soaped her breasts and washed between her legs. She imagined that the hands bringing her so much pleasure were not her own. In spite of panting for breath and crying for release, she forced herself to stop short of orgasm, fearing it might leave her rubber legged and out of control.
She shut off the water and reached from the shower for a towel. Before stepping out she wrapped it demurely around herself. Once in front of the mirror and with her back to the window she let the towel drop to the floor. She again studied herself in the mirror. There was a slight sensation of excitement caused by standing naked in front of the bare window, even if the only thing visible to someone peeping through the window would be her bare back.
A faint reddish glow appeared in the mirror. Ashley blinked her eyes a couple of times, trying to make it go away, before realizing that what she was seeing was coming fromoutsidethe window. She dove for the light switch, plunging the room into darkness.
It had dawned on Ashley that whoever or whatever caused the glow not only had a view of her backside but also, through the mirror, a very clear view of her front-sideandher bare tits. She crept to the window and looking just over the top of the window ledge, peered into the backyard in an attempt to see who or what was watching her.
Ashley thought the strange light had come from near a table situated between the pool and her room. She was just able to make out the figure of a man, (or at least she presumed it was a man), sitting at the table. She was on the verge of calling to her father when the glow appeared again. It was a cigarette, and it lit up the face of the person seated at the table. Ashley's hand shot to her mouth as she realized it was her brother, Brad.
"Of course," she thought. "He has been home all day. He would have known about the drapes being removed. And now he's been watching me, naked, but Brad?... my brother? ... brothers aren't supposed to do such things."
It was a good thing she had decided to wear something other than the filmy gown. With Brad sitting no more than twenty feet on the other side of the uncovered windows, it would have been as if she wasn't wearing anything at all, not that he hadn't already seen plenty!
Crawling around on the floor in the dark, Ashley managed to find the sleep set and get it on. Exiting the bathroom, her first instinct was to run hastily to her bed and snap off the light. But if she did that, her brother would know for sure that she knew he was watching. She didn't want him to know that she knew... at least not yet.
As she moved nervously but unhurriedly past the uncovered windows, Ashley felt a tingle of excitement over the knowledge that she was being watched by Brad. She figured though that he had already seen even more.
Brad had indeed seen more, looking through the bathroom window and watching his sister's reflection in the mirror. Seeing her now through the undraped sliding-glass doors of her bedroom, he was at first disappointed to see that she had put something on.
Still, what she was wearing was not something she would ordinarily wear around the house, at least not whenhewas home. The panties were really loose fitting and not all that heavy either. The top was on the short side, more like a camisole, exposing about an inch of skin between the top of the panties and the bottom of the topper. And with the night-stand light behind her, it was obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. Brad felt himself getting hard.
At the edge of the bed Ashley hesitated. She had a pretty good idea what kind of picture she would be presenting when she bent over to fold the covers down, especially with the over-sized leg holes in the panties. She considered turning off the light and doing it in the dark but she was beginning to like being watched and decided that turning off the light was unnecessary.
Brad watched intently as his sister slowly bent over, accentuating her butt and the firmness of her legs."Holy shit,"he thought,"With that light behind her... oh my God!"Ashley slowly folded the sheet and coverlet halfway down the bed, then crawled in.
Ashley was unaware of the effect the light was having. When she extinguished it though, Brad knew the show was over. He had hoped for more, but all in all, it was still way more than he had seen of her in the last couple of years.
Brad was definitely sexually stimulated but he wasn't totally comfortable with the feelings he was experiencing. Granted, he couldn't imagine himself having sex with his sister, but he did want to see her naked. He was pretty sure that wasn'tcompletelyokay.
Ashley went to sleep that night with nervous thoughts of being watched. Knowing that it had been her brother Brad though and not some stranger, she felt only minor discomfort, not real fear, and she had to acknowledge that there was a certain element of excitement to it also.

Chapter IV.

The next morning the siblings were seated across from each other eating their breakfast at the kitchen table. Mr. & Mrs. Adams were already gone for the day.
Ashley's head was bent over her plate, deep in thought. She wasn't ready to admit it yet, not even to herself, but the sight across the table of her brother's manly physique was causing any concern she had over the events of the previous night to be replaced with a desire for a repeat.
She startled Brad when she raised her eyes, and with fork in mid-air, quietly said, "I need to ask a favor."
Brad too had been bent over his food. "Huh... oh sure... whatever," he responded as he looked up at his sister.
Brad's ears pricked up at what Ashley said next, "Last night... in the backyard... I think someone was watching me."
Brad tried to hide his guilt, "In the backyard? ... How is that possible?"
Ashley adopted a conspiratorial tone. "I don't know but I was wondering... Would you be willing to sit in the backyard tonight while I take my shower and get ready for bed... you know... make sure no one's out there."
"Holy shit!"he thought,"Does she think that just because I'm her brother I'm not going to look?"Brad replied with considerable disbelief, "Uh, yeah... if that's what you want,"
"Yes, thanks," Ashley replied. She was nervously excited but wanted to change the subject. "Will you be playing football at college?" she quickly asked.
Brad understood there was to be no more discussion of last night or tonight. "If I don't they'll be wasting a scholarship," he responded. The conversation continued and although Brad and Ashley both thought anxiously about what that night might bring, there was no further mention of it.

Chapter V.

When Ashley got up from the television later that night, Brad got up too and headed quickly for his room. Ashley stopped in the kitchen for a glass of milk to give him time to get into the backyard.
In his room, Brad hastily stripped off his clothes and slipped into a pair of loose-fitting shorts. Without any underwear, Brad was prepared for watching. He went out through the sliding-glass door and took a seat at the backyard table, facing his sister's bedroom.
Brad watched through the uncurtained bedroom windows as Ashley entered her room and turned on the bedside light. She opened her closet and took out a badly worn man's dress shirt. She slung it over her shoulder and disappeared into the bathroom.
Brad shifted his gaze to the bathroom window, similarly uncurtained and dimly lit by the light coming into it from the bedroom. Understanding full well that Ashley had to know he would be watching, Brad expected her to settle for the light from the bedroom and leave the bathroom light off.
When Ashley unexpectedly flipped on the bathroom lights, their bright light startled him. His hand clasped his hardening cock through his shorts."Well,"he thought,"This could get interesting."
Ashley hadn't yet decided how far she was going to go into the sexual unknown but however far it was, she was going to go slowly. As the bottom ledge of the bathroom window was around waist height, so long as she was turned away from her brother's gaze she wouldn't be exposing much. Carefully keeping her back to the window, Ashley stripped off her clothes and entered the shower. Brad saw nothing but her bare back.
She didn't spend long in the shower. Although she felt a sense of foreboding about what was to follow, Ashley was still anxious to get on with it. With her heart racing, but telling herself she really wanted to do this, she stepped out of the shower and briefly exposed her bare breasts to the undraped window before covering herself with a towel. Brad was looking through the window as she had expected and marveled at the sight of her dripping breasts."God,"he thought,"Even as close as this is, I still wish I had binoculars."
But, other than those few seconds, Ashley kept her back to the window and stayed clear of the mirror. When she was done drying herself, she wrapped the towel around her damp hair instead of her body, leading Brad to believe he was in for a real show. Ashley however lost her nerve and instead blocked Brad's view by positioning herself between the mirror and the window, leaving him with only a view of her back from the waist up.
Ashley continued to frustrate Brad's view while brushing her teeth. However, after removing the towel from her head and beginning to blow dry her hair, her nerve began seeping back. Much to Brad's delight she slowly stepped from side to side affording him ever lengthening views of her bare breasts. Brad unzipped his shorts and took his cock out, stroking it as he watched his sister though the window.
Ashley had regained her confidence and was able to act totally unconcerned by the curtain-less window as she nonchalantly picked up the worn-out dress shirt she had brought into the bathroom with her. Brad watched as his sister carefully buttoned the shirt over her naked body. He was sure she hadn't put her bra back on and unless she had put them on when she was bent over drying herself, she wasn't wearing panties either.
Brad wondered what was going on in his sister's head. Ashley had to know he was watching but acted as if she could care less. She turned off the bathroom light and stepped into the bedroom. As Brad watched her walk away from the windows and toward the bed, the light next to the bed silhouetted her body in such a way as to make her appear almost naked.
Ashley had one final bit of exposure she hoped to effect before turning off the light. She had walked slowly from the bathroom to the side of the bed in hope that she would have the courage to pull it off. As she stopped near the nightstand she reminded herself again that it was her brother that was watching, the one she had grown up with and taken baths with.
With her back still toward the windows, Ashley unbuttoned the shirt and let it fall to the floor."Oh my God,"Brad mumbled almost audibly,"And she's not even wearing panties!"It was the first time he had seen her naked since they had been children and she was even more gorgeous than he had imagined. He quickened the pace of his hand on his cock, rapidly spreading the pre-cum over the length of his shaft.
Ashley bent over to extinguish the light and although he was too far away to be certain, Brad imagined her love lips were pointed straight at him. He furiously stroked his cock until rope after rope of sperm shot from it and onto the lawn. Through the darkened window he could faintly discern her climbing into bed.
Brad rationalized that there was nothing wrong with having an orgasm while watching his naked sister. After all, she had a killer body and it looked as if she had been deliberately teasing him with it. Of course he wouldn'tfuckhis sister, but he didn't think there was anything wrong with having a few lustful thoughts inspired by her.

Chapter VI.

After awakening the next morning Ashley continued to lay in bed. She was a little conflicted over what had taken place the previous night. Surely it had been a turn-on, the moisture between her legs attested to that, but she also felt a measure of embarrassment over having exposed herself so brazenly to her brother.
Ashley felt the urge to continue, maybe even push the envelope a bit further, but she wasn't ready to admit outright to Brad that it excited her to have him watching her. She was also concerned because Brad was her brother. Would another male, say Jarrad for instance, excite her as much. She wasn't sure.
Getting out of bed, she started toward the closet to find something to wear for breakfast. She stopped abruptly and looked at the shirt she had dropped beside the bed the night before. It was somewhat worn, but not ragged, and it was long, nearly mid-thigh.
She put the shirt on and buttoned it, all but the top two buttons. Ashley reached into her chest of drawers for a fresh pair of panties -- then hesitated. She hadn't been wearing any last night. But no, Brad would be a lot closer today. She wasn't ready for that level of vulnerability. She slipped on a pair of panties and headed for the kitchen.
Brad was already seated at the kitchen table, eating some cold cereal. He looked up as Ashley walked in."Oh my God,"he thought, giving his sister a quick once-over,"That is the same shirt she was wearing last night."
Ashley's face turned crimson as she sat down. Her brother's stare embarrassed her. "Uh... uh..." she stammered, then lied, "I just remembered that I asked you to watch me from the backyard last night. I forgot all about it. I hope you did too."
"No," Brad replied, still staring at his sister's less than modest attire, "No, I didn't forget."
Ashley's nervousness began to erode. She tried to suppress a smile. "But you weren't really watching the whole time, were you?"
Brad was sure that Ashley was lying about not remembering what she had asked him to do and decided it would be okay for him to lie a little too. "No, I was mostly looking around the yard, making sure no one else was there. I only looked toward the house a couple of times."
Ashley's slight smile turned to a slight frown. "So you weren't watching when I had my clothes off."
Brad was beginning to realize that Ashley had probablywantedhim to be watching. "Uh, yeah, I guess I did see you a couple of times with your clothes off, but I didn't think much of it. You know, it was only a few years ago we were taking baths together."
"Right," Ashley said, "But that was several years ago. Now it's different." Ashley had a quizzical look on her face.
"Okay, so I was looking, but you asked me to."
"Yeah, I guess I did, but I forgot."
"But you did want me to watch?"
"Well I didn't really think that much about it, you being my brother and all..."
For as long as he could remember, Ashley had always been modestly attired around the house, especially if their father was around or if it was just she and he alone. Brad was not about to do or say anything that might cause his sister to abandon her new freedom. "You want me to keep an eye on the backyard again tonight?"
"If you would, I think that would be nice," Ashley replied, then changed the subject, "You said you expected to play football at college. When does practice start? ...
Before Brad had a chance to answer, Ashley's cell-phone rang. She looked down and saw it was her mother calling. "Hi Mom," she said cheerily as she answered the phone.
"I didn't wake you, did I," Mrs. Adams asked.
"Oh no. Brad and I are already up. We are just finishing breakfast." She pushed her chair back from the table as Brad got up. He was headed for the sink to discard his dirty dishes but stopped at Ashley's side, entranced by her bare legs.
"So Brad's close by. That's great. I'm going to need to talk to him too, but first I have a nice surprise for you."
Ashley's face brightened. "A surprise for me," she asked. "What did I do to deserve a surprise?" Ashley slid down in the chair pretending to be unaware that her action exposed even more of her bare legs to her brother's gaze.
"Your father told me how upset you were about the curtains so I put some pressure on the cleaners and they're going to bring them over this afternoon."
Brad couldn't hear what his mother was saying but he could tell from the look on Ashley's face that she wasn't exactly pleased by what had just been said. "What is it?" he whispered.
Brad was looking down as he spoke. With Ashley slouched down in the chair the hem of the shirt had risen and separated, exposing the panty covered vee between his sister's legs. From the corner of her eye Ashley confirmed her brother's gaze, pressed her finger to her lips as a signal to silence him, then to her mother she said, "But I wasn't expecting them until tomorrow when Molly can help hang them."
"That's why I need to talk to Brad. He helped take them down and he can help you put them back up. Isn't that wonderful." Mrs. Adams said, "You'll have your privacy back a day early. Now let me talk to Brad."
As Ashley passed the phone to her brother she sat back up in the chair and smoothed the shirt down to where it covered her panties. "Mom needs to talk to you," she said dejectedly.
Brad guessed from hearing Ashley's side of the conversation that his mother's call had something to do with the curtains. Alerted by the more modest change in his sister's posture, he prepared himself for bad news. "Yes, Mom," Brad said cautiously as he took the phone.
As his mother gave him the news and his instructions regarding the curtains, Brad watched his sister lower her gaze toward the table in disappointed resignation.
Brad spoke tersely into the phone, "Yes, I'm sure she wants them up right away." There was a brief pause while his mother said something further. "I understand, Mom, they'll be up before you and Dad get home." Another little pause. "I love you too, Mom. Now here's Ashley again." He passed the phone back to his sister.
As she took the phone, Ashley's eyes looked up from the table and met Brad's. Their silent communication said they were both disappointed. "Yes, Mother, I understand. Brad's going to help me. They'll be up when you get home." Ashley listened as her mother spoke. "I love you too, and thanks for getting them back so quickly." she pressed the disconnect button.
The two teenagers looked at each other in silence. Ashley spoke first. With a sigh of resignation she said, "Well, I guess you won't have to watch out for me after-all."
"Just as well," Brad said, trying to sound and appear unconcerned, "I had a book I wanted to read anyway."
They finished their breakfast in silence.

Chapter VII.

Ashley only came out of her room a couple of times during the day but Brad noted with delight that she was still attired as she had been at breakfast. Each time Ashley ventured out of her room she had been tempted to put on something less revealing or at least put on a bra. She had resisted however and was beginning to relish the looks she was getting from her brother.
That afternoon the curtains arrived and the two teenagers, following their mother's instructions, set about hanging them in Ashley's bedroom and bathroom. Ashley was still attired as she had been all day except that she had undone the lowest button of the shirt, providing Brad with repeated brief glimpses of her panties. There was a bit of talk about the drapes and how best to get them hung properly and some idle chit-chat, but nothing of substance until they were about finished.
"I've been thinking..." Ashley began, hands on her hips, tightening the shirt over her unfettered breasts.
"Yes?" Brad responded, mesmerized by the sight.
"You had agreed to sit in the backyard as my, uh..." Ashley raised her hands and made the sign for quotation marks. "... security guard." She returned her hands to her hips, again tightening the material over her breasts but also causing the hem to rise sufficiently to expose a bit of her panties.
Brad's breathing deepened in anticipation. "Uh, huh... go on," Brad stammered.
Ashley was delighted to see how Brad was reacting to her antics. She pushed it a bit further. "Well, uh... If I wanted to go for a late night swim, would you be uh... willing to be out there and uh... be my protector."
This was way more than Brad was expecting. "You want me to go for a late night swim with you, sure, I'm game."
"No, you're not understanding. You won't be swimming. You'll just be watching... uh... uh, watching out for me that is."
Brad had been a little slow on the uptake but was beginning to understand. Ashley had really wanted him to be watching through her windows tonight but with the curtains back up, that wasn't going to happen, so she wanted to have him watch her swimming instead. "Sure, if that's what you want," he replied.
The somewhat sour disposition Ashley had worn since her mother's call that morning, melted. "Yes, please, I'll feel safer," she said as she reached up to fasten the last hook on the curtains, exposing most of her panty covered butt. She motioned her brother out the door.

Chapter VIII.

That night Brad was in his usual seat at the backyard table. His folks had gone to bed after the ten o'clock news. He and Ashley had each gone to their rooms then also. Brad had put on a 'jams' type swim-suit before exiting from his room into the backyard. Although Ashley's drapes were closed, there was enough light coming through them that Brad could tell his sister was in the bathroom.
It hadn't occurred to Brad that Ashley would want to take her showerafterswimming, rather than before, so he was startled at how soon the bedroom drape and sliding glass door got pushed back to allow his sister access to the backyard. He was more surprised though by how she was dressed.
Ashley was wrapped in a large fluffy towel. It certainly wasn't small though, probably a beach towel. It extended from just under her armpits to just below her knees and was wrapped tightly about her, the light from her room accentuating the trimness of her figure. Although there wasn't much showing, and Brad was sure she was wearing at least a bikini under it, he still thought she looked incredibly sexy. He rubbed his hand over the front of his swimsuit as his manhood came to life.
Ashley stopped by the side of the table but didn't sit down. "I really do appreciate you doing this," she said sincerely. "I would never have had the courage to do this by myself."
"Courage?" Brad asked, "What's to be afraid of?"
"Oh I don't know... just easier I guess." She looked at Brad's waist. "You're wearing your swimsuit. You did remember that I wanted to swim alone, didn't you?"
Brad was disappointed that she hadn't changed her mind but wasn't about to admit it. "Of course I remembered. It just seemed somehow appropriate."
Brad turned his head to follow Ashley as she started for the pool. Over her shoulder she said, "Would you turn your head until I get into the pool."
"What the Hell,"thought Brad,"It isn't like I've never seen her in a bikini before."He sighed and turned away from the pool. "No problem," he replied. He heard the sound of splashing water as she went down the stairs into the pool.
"Okay, you can turn around now," Ashley said.
Brad turned his chair. The pool light wasn't on and the only light in the backyard was from inside Ashley's room. His eyes though were already adjusted to the lack of light and he could easily make out his sisters head and shoulders in the middle of the pool.
Ashley began swimming toward the deep end of the pool where she turned and started back. She went the length of the pool and stopped in the shallow end. When she was swimming, Brad wasn't able to see her bikini and imagined that she was swimming nude. There was some twitching between his legs over what he was imagining, but it was not until Ashley stood up in the shallow end of the pool that his cock jerked to attention as he realized there wasnobikini, at least not the top.
Brad had not seen his sister topless since they were in the fifth grade. Once when they were fifteen he had accidentally seen her for a few seconds in a bra, and of course he had seen her in a bikini, but she was eighteen now and her breasts were probably close to being fully developed.
Ashley leaned back in the waist deep water and braced herself with her elbows on the deck of the pool, seemingly oblivious to Brad's presence. He had recently poked around in her closet and found a bra that was 'B' cupped. Even in the dim light he could tell that she was probably pushing the limit with the 'B' bras."She must like having them a little on the small side, partly exposed,"he thought.
By the faint light of a moon that was partially obscured by clouds, Brad watched as his sister again swam toward the deep end of the pool. She was face down, doing a breast stroke. He hadn't imagined it -- her butt reallywasbare. At the deep end Ashley kicked off on her back and Brad focused his vision on her bare breasts. He rubbed the appendage between his legs and imagined what he might do with her --ifshe wasn't his sister that is.
At the shallow end of the pool, Ashley again leaned back with her elbows on the deck of the pool."It's dark enough so I don't seem too brazen,"she thought,"But bright enough for him to see that I'm not wearing anything."She felt a tingling between her legs.
Ashley spoke, "I guess you know I was kinda disappointed by Mother's phone call this morning."
"Yeah, me too," Brad replied as he studied her bare breasts, "But I'm thinking this has to be better."
Ashley was pleased by how her brother was reacting to her nakedness. "I was thinking the same thing too," she replied as she waded toward the steps. "Will you please turn around again while I get out and dry myself."
Brad did as his sister asked. When she was finished drying, Ashley wrapped the towel securely around herself, walked over to the table where Brad was sitting and sat down across from him. "You liked looking didn't you?" she quizzed.
"Of course... and you liked me looking, didn't you."
"I don't think I would go so far as to say that Ilikedit, but I'm not bothered by it either," Ashley said matter-of-factly, but Brad's look of astonishment prompted her to add, "You are my brother after all."
Brad understood that Ashley wasn't going to admit to anything. He took a different tack. "Did you enjoy skinny-dipping? Was it everything you thought it would be?" he asked.
"Oh yes," Ashley replied, "And thank you again for watching out for me. I could have never done this by myself."
"Anytime," Brad responded cheerily."Yes, absolutely anytime,"he thought.
"Have you ever been skinny-dipping," Ashley asked.
"A couple of times last year, but not this year yet."
"By yourself?"
"Of course. I sure wouldn't have asked Mom or Dad to go with me."
"How about me," Ashley asked, "Would you want to go skinny-dipping with me?"
"Is the Pope Catholic?"Brad thought as his rod jerked to attention."Shit yeah."Brad tried to downplay his excitement over his sister's question. He answered carefully, "Sure. When were you thinking?" In his mind he answered for her,"Tomorrow night maybe?"
"Well, not tomorrow night for sure," Ashley replied. "We probably ought to wait until the folks are gone for the night."
"Good thinking," Brad said disappointedly, "I don't suppose they'd approve."
"No, certainly not," Ashley said as she stood up, "But they are going into the city this weekend, so maybe Saturday night." She turned and walked toward the house.
As Brad watched his sister's retreating form he felt of his erection through the fabric of his swim trunks. He stroked it softly as he thought of how good Ashley had looked naked and imagined Saturday night. With his hand still on his crotch he got up and returned to his bedroom where he could be assured of privacy.

Chapter IX.

"The parents are gone for the weekend, we going for a swim tonight," Brad asked anxiously Saturday morning.
"I've got a date," Ashley replied apologetically.
The twins were alone at the breakfast table. Brad gave his sister an accusatory look. "I had one too, but I blew it off."
"Blew it off... why?" Ashley demanded.
"I thought we were going for a swim tonight. I didn't want the date to interfere."
"I think I saidmaybe. You should have talked to me before canceling your date."
"Well it wasn't anyone important anyway," Brad said dejectedly.
Ashley looked at Brad momentarily then said, "Mine isn't too important either. I suppose I could be home by twelve if you don't mind waiting."
"Twelve wouldn't be a problem, but how are you going to end a date on Saturday night that early?"
"Uh... I have an early curfew for doing something I wasn't supposed to?"
"That ought to work but he's going to be really pissed... you having to be home so early on a Saturday night."
"Yeah, well I don't really care," Ashley said.
"So... midnight then," Brad said cheerily.
"Yeah, and..." Ashley started with a trace of fear in her voice, "Uh... how about you already being in the pool when I get home." She saw the questioning look on Brad's face and added, "Uh... I think it'll be easier for me if you're already in the pool."
Brad realized that even if this was something his sister wanted to do, it was still going to be a stretch for her. "I'll be waiting in the pool at midnight."

Chapter X.

Brad spent the evening trying to watch television but mostly thinking about his midnight 'date' with his sister. He flip-flopped between imagining a really steamy encounter and reminding himself that he was her brother and needed to act like it.
Twice Brad was able to put the brother/sister taboo out of his mind, long enough to masturbate to orgasm. Mostly though, he tried to guess at how Ashley mightexpecthim to behave. He was certain she had to be nervous about this too, but still couldn't decide how he should play it.
In the end he decided that he would play it cautiously. If Ashley expected more, she would let him know. In his head he put words to his real concern though, "If Ashley is ready to ignore the taboo, am I too?" He couldn't answer that one.
A few minutes before twelve Brad went to his room and changed into a swim suit. Not that he really needed it, the plan was for skinny-dipping. He went out the sliding-glass door to the backyard and the pool. The pool lights were off and as much as he wanted to have them on, he was sure his sister would object. He left them off, dropped his swimsuit to the pool-deck and did a shallow dive into the water.
Brad paddled around in the water for a few minutes until his sister's bedroom light came on, right at twelve."Boy is that guy going to be pissed,"Brad thought. A few minutes later he heard Ashley's door slide open and watched as she pushed past the drapes.
Ashley stopped at the pool's edge. "Hi," she said, sounding a bit scared. Ashley was wearing a towel again but it was not the one she had been wearing a few nights ago. This one was decidedly smaller. It still covered her breasts but the bottom of it was only an inch or two below her crotch. Brad's imagination went into over-drive.
"Hi to you too," Brad responded, trying to mask his excitement."Holy shit,"Brad thought,"She's actually going to do it."
The towel dropped and Brad's jaw dropped right along with it. Ashley was wearing a bikini. "Uh... uh..." he stammered, "I thought we wereskinny-dipping."
Ashley looked down at the pool-deck and saw Brad's swimsuit. "You mean you'renaked?" she asked.
"Uh, yeah... I mean... like I thought..." Brad was back-pedaling as fast as he could.
"Gotcha!" Ashley said, grinning like a Cheshire cat. "Now if you'll turn your back for a few seconds I'll take this off."
"But... but...you bitch. I can't believe you did that to me."
"Bitch, huh... That's no way to talk to a girl who's about to get naked for you. Now turn around."
Brad did as he was told."Yes,"he thought,"She'd done a number on him, but she was still taking her suit off."He heard the sound of rippling water as Ashley descended the steps into the pool.
"You can turn around," Ashley said.
Ashley was in only waist-deep water but was sitting on the bottom of the pool with the water around her shoulders. As Brad turned she held up her bikini, tossed it onto the pool-deck and asked, "Satisfied?"
"Yeah sure... I, uh... well, I thought you had just tricked me into getting naked."
"Trickedyou?" Ashley asked, "I'm thinking that if I reallywantedto see you naked, all I'd have to do is ask."
"Uh... probably," Brad replied sheepishly.
"So this whole thing is really about me getting my clothes off, isn't it."
"I guess so -"
"Soyoucould see me naked."
"Hey, wait a minute. Youlikeme looking."
"I think I said it was okay. I just don't mind is all," Ashley clarified.
"Right, uh -- what was that?"
"What?"
"The garage door," Brad whispered, "I heard the garage door. Mom and Dad are home."
"Oh shit," Ashley said as she lunged for the side of the pool. "Quick, help me up. I've got to get something on."
Brad grabbed hold of his sister, his hands in all the wrong places, but neither cared. He helped Ashley struggle up onto the pool-deck. She hastily picked up the towel she had dropped and wrapped it around herself. As she scrambled to find the bikini she had thrown to the deck, Brad shouted, "Gotcha!"
"What! You mean you didn't really hear anything?You... you bastard!"
"Looks like two can play the game," Brad said with a smirk.
"I guess Ididdeserve that," Ashley said as she lay back on the concrete deck, the towel wrapped securely around her.
"You're not coming back in?"
"Nope."
Brad realized he had screwed up royally. "How did your date go?" he asked, hoping this might lead to a change in her mind.
"I didn't tell him right away... that I needed to be home by twelve. I waited until after we had had some burgers and hooked up with some other kids who were talking about going to a party."
"How did he take it?" Brad asked while trying to get a peak under the lower hem of the towel.
Ashley didn't answer right away. She followed Brad's eyes with her own, squirming a little as his gaze lingered over the spot between her legs. "Do you like looking at me," Ashley asked quietly.
The question was unexpected. "What?" he asked, forcing himself to look at Ashley's face. "Uh... yeah, I guess so," he eventually offered.
Ashley hesitated again. "And I am beginning to think that I likehavingyou look. It's a lot more exciting than my date was."
Brad rested a hand lightly on Ashley's nearer knee and looked into her eyes, gaging her reaction. "Must have been a pretty bad date," Brad joked.
"Not that bad really," Ashley said, ignoring his hand on her knee, "If I hadn't held him off until we got into the driveway, it might have beenreallyhot."
Ashley turned on her side, toward Brad and the pool. As she did, the lower corner of the outer flap of the towel dropped away. Her midsection, all but her lower hip, was still covered by the inner flap. Brad's hand remained on her knee. "So how long were you in the driveway then?" he asked, looking longingly at the bare hip as his hand moved slowly up his sister's inner thigh.
Ashley's breathing became heavier and more rapid. "Close to half an hour," she stammered, "I told him I had to be home at eleven-thirty."
"A half an hour?" Brad blurted as his hand continued to creep upward, "What the hell did you do for half an hour?"
Ashley, amid heavy breaths, said apologetically, "I'll tell you, but first I think you need to stop."
Brad reluctantly removed his hand. "I'm sure you're right," he said in a voice mixed with disappointment and regret. "I'm sorry, I got carried away," he added.
"Hey, don't beat yourself up over it." Ashley, still turned on her side facing Brad, propped her head on an upturned arm. She looked into her brother's eyes. "I'm as much at fault, if not more. We justcan'tis all."
"Yeah, I know," responded Brad dejectedly, looking down into the dark water.
Ashley continued in her conciliatory tone. "I know you don't want to do this... and for the record neither do I... but we need to have a rule."
Brad, still looking downward, nodded his agreement while wondering what the rule would be.
"It has to be, look, but don't touch," Ashley said, "Else we'll never be able to live with ourselves, much less each other."
Brad lifted his eyes. He was heartened. It didn't sound like Ashley was suddenly going to get goody-two-shoes on him, she was just reminding him that they couldn't go any further. That was not as restrictive as some of the girlfriends he had had."I can live with that,"he thought.
Ashley's midsection was thrust in Brad's face, no more than a foot away. He backed a little way into the pool in order to have a more complete view of his sister. "Alright, I'm okay with that," said Brad with resignation, "but I think you were about to tell me about your date, that isifyou still want to tell me."
"I do," Ashley replied. "It's kinda hot actually."
"Really?... But I thought you said this was a kinda nothing date."
"Yeah, well that's what I thought," Ashley said, "I had heard that he was a good kisser... I just didn't believe it... at least not until we were at the door."
"And..."
"Well, I kinda felt like I owed him a decent good-night kiss... you know... since I'm sure he had been expecting a lot more... you guys always do. Anyway, at the door..." Ashley was still turned on her side with her chin resting in her uplifted hand. She blinked her eyes nervously at Brad, giving him a chance to interrupt.
When he didn't, Ashley looked down at the pool-deck and continued, sounding almost apologetic. "It's a good thing the porch light was off or we might have scandalized the neighborhood." She forced a little laugh. "I put my arms around his neck and we kissed." She looked up and spoke more excitedly. "His tongue was in my mouth and I sucked on it so hard I'll bet it's still sore."
Ashley was becoming flushed and paused to catch her breath. "I let him pull me toward him. I felt his boner against my waist and pressed myself into it. I was beingreally bad."
Brad watched as Ashley's free hand crept between her legs. "Eddie had his hands on the back of my skirt -"
"Eddie? ... Eddie Feldman?"
Ashley sat up abruptly, supporting herself with her hands, and looked directly at Brad. "Yeah, why?" she asked.
"I thought he was Sheila's steady."
"He was, but they broke up last week."
"So you immediately started dating your best friend's ex."
Ashley lowered her eyes to the pool-deck again. "Sure... I mean like why not," she said as if it made perfect sense. "She was out with Rob tonight, and he'smyex."
"Look," Brad said, adopting an advisory tone, "I know you two share clothes and jewelry, but boyfriends too? What are you going to do when it's husbands? Share them too?"
Ashley slowly raised her eyes to Brad's. "Maybe," she said.
Brad looked at his sister and thought about what she had just said."Where did the innocent little girl go,"he wondered. He shook his head. "Okay, so go on anyway," he said.
"Like I said, Eddie's hands were on the back of my skirt, but the skirt was kinda short."
"Which skirt?"
"Will you quite quizzing me," Ashley snapped. "You're beginning to sound just like Daddy."
"Sorry," Brad replied. He excused himself by adding, "I just wanted to know so I could visualize better."
"Visualize, smizualize... If you really need to know, I was wearing that little blue skirt with the pleats." Ashley paused and waited for Brad's reaction.
And react he did. Brad bit his lip to keep from blurting out what he was thinking. He tried to respond calmly. "You mean the one Daddy thought was too short when you were in the seventh grade?"
"Uh huh. That's the one. What do you think?"
"Oh wow! When I was in the eighth grade, it was you in that little skirt that made me start noticing girls. And four years later, you're stillwearingit?"
"Well, just on dates with guys that don't mind me showing a little skin... and only when Daddy's not around... he'd kill me."
"Yeah, I guess so. I mean, isn't that kind of... uh, I mean, that's got to be awful tempting."
"Hey, if I'm with a guy that likes it, then I like it too."
"So what guy wouldn't like it?"
"Rob didn't."
"Is he crazy?"
"I don't know but that's one of the reasons I broke up with him."
"You mean you and he never..." Brad's voice trailed off.
"No, not really. Oh, we got naked some, especially at the end, but we never actually did it. I'm still a virgin and I expect to stay that way... at least for a while yet."
"So why did you break it off then?" Brad quizzed. "Youwerethe one that broke it off weren't you?"
"Uh, huh... partly because I wanted to stay a virgin... but more because of his attitude."
"Uh... I don't get it. His attitude? ... What attitude?"
"My dress. We couldn't agree on what I should be wearing."
"But that makes no sense. I've never known a time when you didn't like wearing skimpy clothes."
"Right, and that was the problem. He wanted me to dress like a nun and I wanted to wear things like the skirt I wore tonight."
"Huh? Explain please."
"When it was just he and I, with no possibility of being seen by anyone else, like in his house, preferably his room, I couldn't get my clothes off fast enough to suit him. But when anyone else was around... Jesus, he didn't even want me wearing a bikini at a pool party -- afraid it might attract too much male attention."
"But you wanted that."
"Yes, Ilikehaving guys look at me." Ashley lay back on the deck, her hands behind her head, showcasing her breasts, one leg up offering a hint of what lay between her thighs. "Or hadn't you noticed," she teased.
"Uh... yes, I did." Brad nearly choked. "but I think you were telling me about your date."
"Right," Ashley said, looking up at the stars. "I think I was at the part where his hands were sliding under the hem of my skirt."
Brad's gaze was captured by the movement of Ashley's legs and hips as she rotated them forward and back in front of of him. "Uh... you were wearing panties... weren't you?"
"A thong actually... so his hands had no trouble finding plenty of bare butt to rub."
"I'll bet that surprised him... the thong I mean."
"Uh... probably not. I mean, like I had been sitting right next to him in the front seat of the car for a good bit of the evening -"
"And?"
Ashley turned on her side again and looked at Brad with a grin on her face. "And?... How much do you think that skirt covers. I mean it wouldn't even go under me when I was sitting down. Eddiehadto have known my bare ass was against his seat. Oh I'm sure he knew I was wearing a thong."
"So how long did this go on... him playing with your uh... ass."
Ashley lay back, looking at the stars again. "Probably longer than it should have... but I got so turned on, I mean, I don't understand how Sheila could still be a virgin. If she doesn't get back with Eddie pretty quick, I'm going out with him again, and not on a night when I have to be home at midnight."
"That's my fault. I shouldn't have acted like a spoiled child."
Ashley sat up quickly. "You did no such thing and hey..." She laid back down. "I'm having fun so quit worrying about it."
"Okay, but you did put a stop to things."
Ashley sheepishly replied, "Yes, but not until I felt his fingers inside my thong. I know... first date... front porch... yeah, I should have stopped him sooner but..."
"So how did you get him stopped?"
"Told him I thought I heard Daddy coming and needed to get in."
"That must have really frosted him."
"Not as much as it would if he had known I was rushing him off so I could go skinny-dipping with you."
"You really did want to do that then?"
"Uh huh... only thing that would make it better would be some bright sunshine... instead of these stars."
"You know we could really do it anytime the folks are gone. We don't have to wait for night-time."
"Yeah, I was just thinking the same thing." Ashley's eyes lit up and she sat up quickly. "Tomorrow afternoon then, they won't be home until after dark."
"Uh... I've got some guys coming over in the afternoon to watch the races."
Ashley's smile turned to a frown. "Well we didn't need to do it so soon anyway. Lots of summer left. We'll find a time." Ashley re-wrapped the towel and stood up. "It's getting kinda chilly. I'm going in."
Brad watched as she picked up her bikini and walked off toward her bedroom.

Chapter XI.

It was Sunday morning and Brad was seated in the kitchen at the breakfast table. He and his twin sister were alone in the house, their parents being still in the city and not expected home until that evening. Brad had just put a spoonful of cereal into his mouth when his sister came through the door. On seeing how she was dressed, he exploded with amazement and spit the cereal all over the table.
"I'm going to take that as a vote of approval for the way I'm dressed," Ashley said, standing in the doorway with a smile on her face. She was wearing a towel and probably not much else. The towel wasn't beach-towel-size either, more like bath-towel-size. It extended from slightly above her breasts to nearly mid-thigh.
Brad was still coughing, trying to quell his reaction. "Uh, yeah," he stammered, "Got my vote." He coughed a few more times, finally regaining his composure. "And to what do I owethispleasure?"
"Earlier this morning I threw all of my underwear into the washer. I'm still waiting for it to dry. The towel was handy and after last night... well, I didn't think you'd mind." Ashley walked over to the table and pulled out the chair next to him. "Can I join you?"
"Uh, yeah, of course," Brad replied, watching Ashley as she sat down. As she sat down the towel separated, leaving the entire side of her that was closest to him, bare except for the tuck under her arm. Images of her at the pool the night before flashed through his head. "And no, I don't mind how you're dressed... Not at all," Brad added as he continued to watch her get situated in the chair.
Ashley opted to use one hand to maintain the tuck under her arm and the other to keep a corner of the towel securely between her legs. There was not enough of the the towel to tuck under her butt, so it was bare against the seat of the chair. "I'm glad you're okay with the towel but don't get used to it. It's not likely to happen again."
"Too bad," Brad said as he moaned his dismay. "And I was just making up my mind never to skip breakfast again."
"You like it then."
"Oh yeah, of course."
"You think Jarrad would like it too?"
"My friend Jarrad? Hell yes, he'd love it." Brad studied the look on his sister's face. "You're not really thinking about dressing like this when he's around... or are you?"
Ashley grinned. "Never can tell," she replied.
Brad studied the 'I'll never tell' look on her face. "You're sweet on him, aren't you. Admit it."
"I could be. You think he might be interested in me?" Ashley sounded as if she really wanted a straight answer to her question.
"Well, let me think," Brad replied, putting his chin on his hand, pretending to be in deep thought. Ashley sat patiently, not moving a muscle, waiting for the answer. "I don't think so," Brad finally said.
"What do you mean," Ashley argued. "He always acts like he is."
"Oh yeah, there's no doubt he likes you okay. He thinks you're really hot. Always asks about you. Most of last year he was asking me every time I saw him, how you and Rob were doing. He was sure it would never work with you two."
"Sounds to me like he's interested. Why do you say not?"
"You're not his type."
"What do you mean, not his type."
"You know... the kinds of girls he likes... he expects certain things."
"Sooo," she asked, almost in a pout.
"You're just not that type of girl," Brad explained gently.
"How do you know?" Ashley quipped.
"Well, I just do is all."
"Yeah, right, you really do know me well," Ashley snapped. "So you weren't just a little bit surprised at how comfortable I was with you last night... and you weren't at all surprised by how I dressed on a first date... or how far I let him go on the porch, for Christ's sake... or, or... or that I would even tell you about all that. None of that surprised you, huh?"
"Whoa, slow down. Take it easy. Of course I was surprised, pleasantly so I might add. But I just don't want you being another one of his conquests."
Ashley was really steamed. She grabbed the edges of the chair and leaned toward Brad, putting her face right up to his. "Why don't you letmedecide what's right for me. I'mnotyour little sister anymore." Ashley leaned back just in time to catch the towel and keep it from falling. As she adjusted it, covering a little more than it had originally, she added with a little less bravado, "In fact, I'm seven minutes older than you."
"Alright, if that's what you want. But from here on out you're on your own."
Ashley adopted a more conciliatory tone. "You think he'll ask me out then?"
"Sure. He's dying to go out with you. Just wasn't going to do it until I said it was okay. I'll tell him today."
The door-bell rang.
"Who the hell is that?" Brad asked as he looked at his watch. "Ten o'clock is too early for the guys to start showing up. The race is not until sometime after noon."
"Probably the paper-boy," Ashley offered. "He comes sometimes on Sunday morning."
"Probably so," agreed Brad. "I think I got enough money to pay him." He got up from the table. "Be right back."
Ashley took the opportunity to check on her clothes in the dryer, just off the kitchen in the laundry room. The timer was about to run out but her underthings were still a little damp. She set it for another ten minutes and turned toward the kitchen. Hearing voices coming into the kitchen from the other side, she stopped out of sight of the kitchen, just back of the laundry-room door.
"She must have gone to her room," Brad said to Jarrad as they entered the kitchen. She'll be back though. Maybe we'll have time for a swim before the other guys get here.
"I'd like that. I haven't seen your sister in a bikini yet this year. I'll bet she is hot!" Jarrad replied.
Ashley adjusted the towel as modestly as possible and strutted into the room. She entered from opposite where Jarrad was sitting and he looked up immediately. "Whoa," he said as he registered the sight of Ashley in a towel. "If I had known you were running around the house like that, I would have been over here a lot sooner."
Ashley blushed and clutched at the towel. "Brad could have warned me, at least given me a chance to get to my room."
"Ashley, I am truly sorry," Brad said, "I thought you had already gone to your room. Go now, we'll wait."
"Of course we'd rather you didn't," Jarrad added as he gave Ashley a very thorough elevator-type look. "But we can wait if we must."
"What's done is done," Ashley lamented. Speaking to Jarrad she added, "If I had known my brother's friends were going to be arriving so early, I would have put on some makeup and fixed my hair."
"Well you look fantastic just like you are," Jarrad said, "You look like you just got out of bed."
Brad and Jarrad were on opposite sides of the circular table. Ashley reached for one of the other chairs. "Do you mind," she asked, addressing them both.
"Not me," Jarrad said as he watched Ashley take a seat.
"Me neither," said Brad as he watched the towel separate. Again Ashley held it together with one hand while making sure a corner of it stayed between her legs."At least the opening is still on my side,"he thought.
"Bro," Jarrad said, "You been holding out on me. You didn't tell me your sister was running around the house in a towel."
"That's because she's not," Ashley responded in place of her brother. "This is a one-time deal, special occasion."
"But how did you know I was coming over early," Jarrad jokingly asked Ashley, "I didn't even tell your brother."
Ashley blushed. "I guess it is kinda special that you're here, but that's not what I meant. I accidentally put all of my underwear in the washer so I didn't have anything else to wear."
"All of your underwear in the washer?" Jarrad repeated with a smirk, "Should have burned it instead," then laughed at his own joke.
"Yeah sure," Ashley said in a flirting manner.
"You mean you never went without underwear?" Jarrad asked, flirting back.
"Hey," Brad interjected loudly. "Don't you think that's a bit personal?"
Ashley looked at her brother, her face turning serious, then looked back toward Jarrad. "No, I don't think I have," she said evenly.
Seemingly oblivious to Brad's rebuke and the tone of Ashley's response, Jarrad spit back, "Well you should sometime. You might like it."
Ashley, still serious, but also warming to Jarrad's flirtatious suggestion, smiled and said, "Maybe I will." The bell on the dryer signaled that her clothes were ready. As she got up, Ashley laughingly said, "But right now, unless the dryer has already burned them, I'm going to take my underwear to my room."
As Ashley tightened the towel and went into the laundry-room, Jarrad rolled his eyes and whispered, "Hot, hot, hot,"
"Yeah, well I think she wants to go out with you," Brad whispered back.
"And you don't care?" Jarrad shot back.
"You're both old enough to decide for yourselves. Just be careful."
"What, you think I can't handle her?" Jarrad jokingly replied.
"You know what I mean."
Ashley passed through the kitchen carrying a basket of underwear. "Sorry to disappoint you guys," she said coyly, "But I'm going to put some clothes on." Then looking flirtatiously at Jarrad she added, "But I might join you for the race a little later."

Chapter XII.

"What's going on," Ashley asked from the doorway to the den where her brother, Jarrad and two others were intently watching the finish of a NASCAR race. At the sound of her voice, all four turned and looked in her direction. "We're watching the race," answered her brother, puzzled by the question.
"I can see that," Ashley said, confirming the obvious, "But I thought it was going to be over around three-thirty. It's half past four. Did I misunderstand?"
"There was a bad accident on the start that cost of lot of time. It's almost over though," Jarrad said, "Trying to get rid of us?"
"Oh no, stay as long as you want," Ashley reassured, "I just needed to tell Brad something."
Brad got up from his seat and joined Ashley in the doorway. "I'll get them out of here in a few minutes," he whispered, "The race is almost over."
"I meant what I said," Ashley protested, "I don't care. I just wanted to give you a message."
"Let me guess. Mom called, they left early and will be home in few minutes."
"Yes, it was Mom that called, but other way around. They're staying another night."
"Oh... and she was just checking to make sure we are okay. Right?"
"Right. We are aren't we?"
"Yeah, for sure, especially if they're going to be gone another night."
"I thought that's what you'd say," Ashley said cheerily, "How about I watch the rest of the race with you guys?" She lowered her voice conspiratorially. "Then we can figure out how we're going to take advantage of the situation."
"Right... uh..." Brad gave his sister a quick once-over. "That shirt though..." Ashley was wearing the same shirt she had been wearing on the second night that he watched her from the backyard. "It's kinda thin..." He stepped back, letting the light from a window illuminate her. "It may even be a little see-through," he noted. Brad could tell his sister wasn't wearing a bra, and he was wondering about panties. "You might want to put on something else."
"I'll be alright," she assured him.
"Are you wearing any uh... underwear?"
"Panties... and I promise, I'll go change if I get to feeling uncomfortable. Okay?"
"You don't have to have my permission," Brad responded. "I just want to be sure you know what you're doing... because dressed the way you are, you're going to get lots of attention," Brad warned, "But if that's what you want..." He turned to the room. "Hey guys... the folks are not coming home until tomorrow, so stay as long as you like... And Ashley's going to watch the rest of the race with us...ifnobody minds." He didn't wait for an answer to that last part.
Brad's friends had returned to watching the race while he was talking with Ashley. After that announcement though, they all turned their heads and watched as Ashley followed Brad into the room. As Brad resumed his seat on one end of the couch, he motioned Ashley to the middle of it, between he and Jarrad, who was parked at the other end.
The entire room had forgotten the race and was focused on Ashley as she sat down. It was obvious to everyone from the twin peaks in her shirt that she wasn't wearing a bra, but as she sat back on the overstuffed couch, the hem of her shirt rode up her bare legs and Jarrad thought he could even see her panties.
Ashley realized the guys had forgotten the race and was quite turned on by the attention she had garnered. Still, she pretended not to notice and instead focused on the race. Eventually the guys did likewise, sneaking only occasional looks in her direction.
The race ended amid screams from everyone in the room. Less than a second separated the first three cars. With the race over, eyes turned toward Ashley as she got up and started for the kitchen. "I'm going for a coke, does anyone else want one," she asked.
Brad looked around the room, getting nods from each of his friends. "Yeah, get cokes for all of us," he replied, "Do you need any help?"
"Nope, I got it," Ashley answered as she went through the door to the kitchen.
When Ashley went into the kitchen, only the neck button of her shirt was undone. When she came out carrying the tray of drinks though, the next two buttons had loosened as well. Pausing in front of each of the guys, she bent over as she handed him his drink. They still couldn't see a whole lot, but the cleavage that was now enticingly bare, dispelled any doubts about whether of not she was wearing a bra.
As she handed Jarrad his drink, she took a second or two longer than she had with the others. Jarrad made no attempt to disguise where he was looking. "I was hoping you would burn your panties as well," he said in a low voice.
"Actually, I didn't burn the bra either," Ashley responded, also in a low voice. Then she bent over even further and whispered, "I just left it in the drawer." She left Jarrad floundering for another line and walked over to her brother.
As she leaned over to hand him his drink, he said in a voice the others could not hear, "I guess you're not planning on changing anytime soon."
"Nope," she said as she sat the tray on the coffee table and swiveled to pounce on the couch. Unlike when she had sat down a few minutes earlier, there was now no attempt at modesty. The bottom of the shirt parted over her bare thighs, leaving her powder-blue panties carelessly exposed, at least to Jarrad and her brother.
Thirty minutes later, when the post-race festivities ended, Ashley got up, turned the television off and flipped on some music. "So what should we do," Ashley asked of the room in general.
"You could dance for us," Tony, one of Brad's friends, jokingly suggested.
"Funny," Ashley parried, "And have it all over school before morning? No thanks."
Billy, another of Brad's friends, countered, "But school's out, we even graduated." His failure to perceive the humorous intent of Tony and Ashley was met with a chorus of hoots and hollers. "Well, it is," he repeated."
"What I was trying to say," Ashley patiently explained, "Was that even though school is out, you guys would find some way to spread it around."
"No we wouldn't," Billy argued to more snickers, "Would we guys."
Jarrad spoke up. "I know you were joking Tony, but Ashley might be willing if we all promised not to tell anyone else." He looked to Ashley for a reaction. When he got none he continued, "I'll make that promise, how about the rest of you?"
Ashley really did want to do it. Getting a little crazy with a few of her brother's friends would be really exciting but she sure didn't want it to get around. She looked from one to another of the guys and got nods from each of them. She looked at her brother. He shrugged his shoulders in response.
"And no cell-phone pictures. I see a cell-phone and I quit," Ashley dictated. She looked around the room and once again got nods from everyone. Ashley fiddled with the satellite radio and found music that suited the situation.
Ashley took over the center of the room, pushing the coffee table aside. She was in the middle of a semi-circle the guys had formed to watch the race: Brad and Jarrad on the couch, directly opposite the TV; and Tony and Bill in arm chairs on either side. With all eyes on her, she adopted a serious look and slowly stroked down the sides of her body with the tips of her fingers.
As her fingertips crossed the hem of her shirt and onto bare skin, she broke into laughter. "Shit," Ashley said while still laughing, "You guys are making me nervous. I'm going to have to start again."
Ashley again assumed a serious look as her fingers slithered down the sides of her shirt. Unlike the first time, however, she was able to continue past the hem of the shirt and onto her naked thighs,withoutlosing her composure. Every eye was riveted on her seductive movements. No one knew what to expect next, but all were sure it was going to be good.
The music continued as if it were an accompaniment to a hot movie sex scene. Ashley gracefully swiveled her hips like a slow motion hula-hoop exercise. She exaggerated the movements though: jutting her butt to the rear, far enough that her shirt barely covered her ass-cheeks; and thrusting her hips to the front with such vigor that the shirt split open to the lowest button, baring the insides of her thighs and providing brief glimpses of her panties. The 'hula' motion carried her slowly though a full circle, affording her brother and his friends every conceivable view.
Tony made no attempt to hide his excitement and openly 'adjusted' himself each time she faced his direction. The others, including her brother, were more discreet, but still showed visible indications of interest. The serious expression Ashley had initially adopted slowly disappeared. Her lips parted and her breathing became labored, as if the dancing was sapping her energy. Her brother and Jarrad, though, realized the real cause; she was enjoying this as much as her audience.
The tempo of the music was increasing and Ashley kept with it. She raised her hands above her head, rose up on the balls of her feet, and twisted slowly in a circle, mimicking the dance of a ballerina. When her arms lifted, the shirt rose with it, until its hem was just above the crotch of her panties. The bottom button on the shirt had risen to her waist and as she turned faster, the tail of it spread wider, fully exposing her panties.
The music slowed and she swayed gently to the beat. Turning ever more slowly, she lowered her arms and let the shirt fall back into place. As she turned past the now blank television, her back to everyone, she loosened another of the buttons, this one near the bottom of her breasts. As she turned past the first guy in the arc of her admirers, she grasped the hem of the shirt in both hands and began to draw it up slowly.
As the shirt rose higher, everyone stared at the spot between her legs. No one noticed that she had undone another button. As she turned toward the television again, the shirt was nearly to her waist and by the time she faced the couch it was above her waistband, almost to her navel. Brad noticed the extra undone button and wondered how far his sister was going to go.
"Oh my God, she's going to take it off," Tony blurted.
Ashley was lost in her own excitement and likely would have continued on, were it not for Tony's pronouncement, which served to remind her of the total situation. "In your dreams, maybe," she snapped at Tony and hastily pulled the shirt down to cover her panties.
"Now look what you've done," Billy chided.
"Yes, I think you guys have seen enough of me for one day," Ashley added as she looked down at her mostly unbuttoned flimsy shirt and bare legs. "And I've had enough of dancing alone."
"We could take turns dancingwithyou," Billy suggested.
She wanted an excuse to continue. "Thatwouldbe an improvement," Ashley responded, "But I'm going to need another soda while I think about it."
"I'll, get it," jumped in Jarrad, "Wouldn't want you to be thirsty while you're dancing."
"Right," Ashley said, swallowing hard. Jarrad had just told her what he expected her answer to be. "Better get enough for everyone," she said to Jarrad, "I don't want my dance partners to be thirsty either."
Ashley turned again to the satellite radio, flipping the channels until she found some dance-able music. As an up-tempo number with a disco beat began, Ashley motioned for her brother to join her. She put her mouth close to his ear and whispered, "I thought we should dance to something that doesn't raise too many eyebrows."
They began a jitterbug type dance, one that kept them close enough for a private conversation without any real body contact. "I'm not too worried anymore about raised eyebrows," Brad whispered, "Sister or not, that dance was the hottest thing I have ever seen." Then he added, his voice dripping with sarcasm, "But we certainly wouldn't want to violate the 'look, but don't touch' rule."
"Oh, that is cruel," Ashley countered.
"Just remember, you're nottheirsister." Brad responded, exhibiting a bit of sour grapes. "Between the bare legs and unbuttoned shirt, not to mention the memory of your dancing, these guys are definitely going to make you feel wanted, to say the very least."
Ashley hesitated, weighing Brad's words, then asked, "And are you going to be jealous watching?"
"No more than I already am. Besides, it might even be fun, watching you dance with these guys."
They finished the number to the applause of the other two as Jarrad returned to the room with the drinks. The next song was slow but not very dance-able so they all sat around drinking their Cokes until the next song began. It was a popular dance number, but slow. Ashley motioned to one of Brad's friends whose name she could not remember.
He hastily took off his athletic shoes, (the floor was hardwood), and eagerly joined Ashley in the middle of the room. He took hold of Ashley with an imitation of a formal dance position, one arm clumsily around her back, the other outstretched, his hand clasping hers.
Ashley dropped his hand and put her arms around his neck. "Put your arms around my back," she commanded. He put his arms around her waist but still held her at a respectable distance. "Uh..." she started, fishing for his name.
"Billy," he prompted.
"Billy, I don't break. It's okay to hold me closer."
Billy was a bit of a nerd though, probably not been out with any girl more than one time. He closed the gap between them by a few inches but was still careful not to press against Ashley's breasts or let her feel his hardened tool.
Ashley tightened her arms around Billy's neck and pressed her groin against his. She rubbed her body against his, increasing the stimulation both were realizing. "Better, isn't it," she whispered breath-fully into his ear.
"Yeah, but... I'm sorry I uh -"
"Hey," Ashley said, looking into his eyes from a few inches away. "Don't apologize. You liked my dance. I'm flattered."
"Uh... You mean it's okay," Billy asked in wonderment.
"Of course. That's why we're dancing."
"Huh?"
"You're supposed to be excited," Ashley put her lips against Billy's ear. "So just enjoy it."
For the rest of the song Billy kept his body pressed firmly against Ashley's. The song ended but Billy wasn't ready to quit. Ashley pried his hands off her back. "I think I'm supposed to dance with your friend, whatever his name is."
"It's Tony," Billy said, looking at Ashley like he had just fallen in love. "Are we going to get to dance again?" he asked.
"I think probably," Ashley said, not sounding like she really wanted it to be true, "But right now, I need to dance with Tony." Another somewhat slowish song started, this one with a bit of a Latin flavor, appropriate as Tony was at least part Italian.
As Ashley and Tony pressed against each other and moved with the beat, Ashley spoke first. "You might not be too popular with your friends right now, but I guess I owe you a debt of gratitude."
"Huh."
"Well, if you hadn't said what you did, I might have taken my clothes off. I think it was a good thing you spoke up when you did."
"Yeah, well I was afraid that if you continued, you might not be too happy with yourself later on, not to mention how embarrassing it might have been for your brother."
Ashley tilted her head back so that there was a foot or so separating their faces. "I might be blond," she said, "But I'm not stupid. You're not really trying to tell me that you wouldn'twantto see me naked, now are you?"
"Well, I uh... I mean, like sure... if the situation was right... like if we were on a date just the two of us."
"And how is that going to happen? You've never asked me out."
"Well, since you're not going out with Rob Baker anymore, we could go out this week."
"Not," Ashley snapped.
"What? You think I wouldn't ask you?""Oh my God! You reallyarefull of yourself, aren't you? No, asshole, it's because there is no way I wouldevergo out with you." Although the song wasn't ended yet, Ashley terminated the dance.
She went to the couch and pulled Jarrad to his feet. Her arms went around his neck and his around her butt. They danced to the ending of the number and continued on into the next. The music was definitely meant for belly-rubbing and both took advantage of it. Jarrad was the first to speak. He put his mouth close to Ashley's ear and whispered, "It seems that you have had a pretty good time today."
"Except for that creep I was just dancing with, yeah, I've been having a good time."
"And if that 'creep', as you called him, hadn't opened his mouth when he did, how much further would your have gone."
Ashley's head was on Jarrad's shoulder. She lifted it and looked directly at him. She had a mischievous gleam in her eye. "Well... how much further would you have wanted me to go?"
"Only as far as you wanted, I guess."
"Well, if nobody had said anything, Imighthave taken my clothes off." Ashley felt Jarrad's already hard cock, stiffen even more. She looked into his eyes and asked, "What would you have thought aboutthat?"
Jarrad's hands slid down past the hem of Ashley's shirt to her bare thighs. Then they returned slowly to their original position, clasped to her backside... but now under the shirt, on her panties. "You mean, you can't tell," he teased, rubbing his cock against her.
After pretending to ignore it for a few seconds, Ashley whispered, "You need to keep your hands on the outside."
"Yes, ma'am," Jarrad fired back.
"There are three people watching," Ashley explained patiently, "And one of them is my brother."
"And if he wasn't watching?"
"I'd tell him."
"You're going to tell him what happens on our date?"
"I would hardly call this a date."
"I mean later tonight."
Ashley stopped dancing and looked at Jarrad a few seconds before speaking. "Are you telling me that we're going out on a date, later tonight"
"Telling? No. I thought I was asking. But yes, that's what I meant."
Ashley slowly put her arms around Jarrad's neck and started to dance again. She was again face to face with him, less than an inch separating them. "So how do we work it... so we don't piss everyone off too bad."
"When this dance ends, you make some excuse to go to your room. Make sure everyone understands you're not coming back. Then after you've gone, I'll suggest we leave. They'll want to anyway."
"But you're going to come back and pick me up."
"Right, about seven."
"So how am I supposed to dress."
"You decide... I'm sure you'll be fine whatever you wear."
"So we're not going to the opera or something like that."
"Oh no, maybe a movie, pizza and uh... whatever."
"Movie, pizza andwhatever?" Ashley put a special emphasis on the 'whatever'. "Sounds like it might be fun. Okay, let's do it."
When the song came to an end, Ashley gave Jarrad a quick kiss, the kind she would have given her father, and headed toward her room. As she passed her brother she whispered, "End of party. Tell your friends I've got a headache or something."
"Guys," Brad said, "Ashley's had it. I think she's not feeling so good. And, truthfully... I've about had it too."
Addressing Billy and Tony, Jarrad put in, "I mean like we've been here practically all day guys. C'mon, lets leave the man alone." Herding the two of them toward the door he asked Brad, "You going to be okay, straightening this room by yourself, or do you want me to stay and help."
"No, its just the coke bottles and the mess from the wings. I'll get it, you go on."

Chapter XIII.

After they were gone, Brad walked down the hall to his sister's room. "Can I come in," he asked as he knocked on the door.
"Sure, come ahead," his sister responded.
Ashley was still wearing the old shirt from before. "I was just going to take a shower. If you want to wait I'll just be a couple of minutes." she started toward the bathroom.
"I really came to check on you. I told the guys you weren't feeling so good."
"Yeah, well that wasn't really the truth. Just hang around a few... or come back if you'd rather. When I've had my shower, I'll tell you what's really coming down."
"I think I'll stay," Brad said, "Something tells me this is worth waiting for."
"Well maybe, but we'll see," Ashley selected undergarments from a drawer and disappeared into the bathroom.
Brad thumbed through a Cosmopolitan he found next to the bed. He found a feature entitled 'Bad Boys' and began reading. A towel and a man's shirt were among the suggestions for attire. Flirting with his friends was mentioned as appealing to some 'bad boys'. Most important, though, was the last paragraph, "You can't fake this. You have towantto do it."
As he set the magazine aside, Ashley came out of the bathroom in what looked to be a recently purchased bra and panty set. She sat down at her dressing table and proceeded to comb out her hair. "You waited," Ashley opened, "So I guess you want to hear it."
Although the underwear was bikini style, it was still rather modest. Somehow it didn't fit with what he was imagining. "Yes, please," he replied.
Putting down her brush, Ashley turned in her seat to face him. "I have a date," she said.
"I kind of guessed that much," Brad volunteered, "But I couldn't figure out who or why you didn't mention it sooner."
"I didn't mention it sooner because I didn't know about it until a few minutes ago."
"Huh... I don't understand."
Ashley brightened. "My date is with Jarrad, Doofus."
"Jarrad? But he just left."
"He left to get ready. He's picking me up in a few minutes." Ashley turned back to her dressing table, this time applying makeup.
Brad had been hoping that with the folks gone for another night, he and Ashley might go skinny-dipping again. His hopes dashed, Brad slipped into a minor funk. "So... what are you guys going to do?"
Ashley looked at Brad's image in the mirror. "Jarrad said something about a movie and pizza... but I think mostly we're going to play it by ear."
Brad didn't like the sound of that. "I warned you about him, and I also told him he better treat you right."
Ashley stopped what she was doing and turned around. In an assertive voice she said, "I am leaving home a virgin and I will return a virgin." She turned back to her makeup. "My God," she added, "You are sounding more like Daddy every day. "
"You may remain a virgin but I promise you, if I know anything about Jarrad, you are going to learn things tonight they don't teach in sex-ed."
Ashley was applying lip gloss and stayed focused on her own image in the mirror. "Are you going to wait up and hear about what I learn," she teased.
Brad's attitude notched up at the thought of Ashley telling him about her date. He didn't want to sound too anxious though. "If you're not too late, I'll probably still be awake."
Ashley dropped the lipstick tube in her purse and suggested, "Maybe we can go for a swim again."
"You're serious aren't you? Youwantto tell me about your date."
Just then the doorbell rang. "Shit he's early. Go keep him company while I finish dressing."
Brad got up from his chair and bowed low, sweeping an imaginary hat across the floor, "As you say ma'am," he said, snickering as he backed out the door.
Prospects of going for a swim and hearing about Ashley's date improved Brad's spirits considerably. He ushered Jarrad in like a long lost brother. "She's putting the icing on the cake. Said she'll be ready in a couple of minutes."
"I'm glad you're okay with this," Jarrad said testing the water.
"You know I worry about her a lot, but I'd rather have her out with you than some dork I hardly know." Brad understood Jarrad's meaning and wanted to do a little water testing of his own. "Youaregoing to behave yourself, aren't you? You know she's not like those bimbos you usually go out with."
Ashley came into the room. "I heard 'bimbo' so I know you weren't talking about me. Okay, I'm ready to go." As Jarrad stood, Ashley took him by the arm and led him toward the door.
Jarrad tried to reassure Brad as he was ushered out of the house by Ashley. "I'll take good care of her,"
"You better," Brad shouted as the door closed behind them.
"Interesting,"Brad mused."I had expected her to be dressed like a tart."He pictured how she had been dressed."Well..."he said to himself,"The skirt might have been a little on the short side, but it's likely something she has for school. And the blouse too, very Mary Poppins-ish."
Brad chuckled to himself."Jarrad has met his match,"he concluded."I am definitely going to enjoy hearing about this one."Brad turned on the television. It was not the right season for Sunday night football but he was able to find a movie that looked promising.

Chapter XIV.

Jarrad had gotten a quick look at Ashley as she rushed him out the door, but it was not until he was opening the car door for her that her attire began to register with him. Her khaki skirt was mid-thigh length and very tight. Watching her get into the car was going to be interesting.
Ashley pushed her purse into his hands. "Hold this and turn around until I get in," she directed. Jarrad took the purse but didn't turn around. "So turn around... okay?" she prodded.
"Not okay," Jarrad responded, "I want to watch."
"Quite playing games and turn around."
"It's not a game. I'm going to watch," he replied stubbornly.
"So you're not going to turn around huh." Ashley was tempted to just blow the whole thing off and head back into the house, but something was telling her that she really did want Jarrad watching. Continuing to stare defiantly at Jarrad, she took hold of the bottom of her skirt with both hands and lifted it up her legs until her panties were barely covered.
She sat down sideways in the seat and lifted her left leg into the car while keeping the other on the ground. Before she swung the second leg in, she treated Jarrad to a picture of her inner thighs and satin panties. Without bothering to reposition her skirt, but continuing to keep her eyes locked on Jarrad's, Ashley held her hand out to Jarrad for her purse.
Jarrad stood holding the door, open-mouthed at what he had seen and was still seeing. He never expected Ashley to do as she had done. Had she pushed just a bit more he would have yielded."She must have liked that as much as I did,"he thought,"This is going to be an interesting evening."He handed Ashley her purse and closed the door.
Ashley started to tug her skirt down to cover her legs but stopped, thinking,"He likes to look at them then let him look!"
When he opened the driver-side door, Jarrad expected to find that Ashley had pulled her skirt down and was behaving more demurely. As he slid under the wheel he glanced at his date in the passenger seat and was shocked to see that she had not pulled her skirt down, not even a little bit. His cock hardened at the inviting display of thighs and panties.
Jarrad started the car and began backing out of the drive. He was so distracted by Ashley's flaunting of her charms though, that he ran over the curb and nearly took out the mailbox. "Are you going to to be able to drive or do I have to pull my skirt down," Ashley asked with a chuckle.
"Uh, I'll be okay," Jarrad replied as he forced himself to focus on the road. "It's just that after listening to your brother's lectures about why he didn't want me to date you... well I'm -"
"Surprised?" Ashley finished.
"Yeah... surprised." Jarrad confirmed. "Your brother... does he -"
"Know how I really am?" she finished again. "He must after that dance I did in front of his friends this afternoon."
"That was hot. We were all a little surprised."
"Me too... surprised mostly by how comfortable it felt."
"And your brother... he not only seemed comfortable with his friends, uh... egging you on. I think he might have even gotten a little excited himself."
"Yeah, well that's what I meant... a couple of minutes ago when you wanted to know if he knew? Well, before I broke up with Rob, I don't think he reallywantedto know."
"But now?"
Ashley pulled her legs up straight against the seat, adding to the enticement of her exposed thighs and panties. Jarrad took his eyes off the road to look in Ashley's direction, swerved and nearly drove off the road. "Watch where you're going," Ashley shouted, feigning ignorance of what had distracted him.
"There was something in the road," Jarrad lied, "I had to swerve to keep from hitting it." He glanced over at the delicious sight in the passenger seat but was careful this time to keep the car pointed in the right direction.
Ashley continued, "Brad listening to me tell about my dates, I think, has helped him realize that I don't want to live in a nunnery."
"You mean you really do tell him about your dates. I thought you were just kidding when you said that this afternoon. You going to tell him about this one."
"Sure, he's got to be dying to hear about my date with his best friend."
Jarrad stopped the car in front of the movie theater. "You get out here. I'll park the car," he said, then watched as Ashley opened the door and swung her legs onto the sidewalk.
"I'm leaving my purse on the floor so be sure and lock the car," Ashley said as she got out of the car and closed the door. After Jarrad had driven off she walked over to read the movie posters.
After parking the car, while Jarrad walked from the parking lot, he assessed how the date was going so far. Ashley's behavior held a lot of promise, but if she really was going to tell Brad everything, he was going to have to take it easy.
After acquiring a bucket of popcorn and a couple of giant drinks, Jarrad ushered Ashley inside the door of the theater where they stood until their eyes adjusted to the dark. Once able to see reasonably, they ventured down the aisle and slid into a row that looked to be mostly deserted.
They picked their way past one couple and chose a spot in the midst of several open seats. They were able to make out what appeared to be another couple a few seats beyond them, closer to the other aisle.
Jarrad watched as Ashley took her seat, wondering how high the skirt would go. At the car, needing to spread her legs in order to get in, she had raised the skirt a considerable way. Now however, with no need to spread her legs, she did as Jarrad suspected she would. She raised her skirt only an inch or so, just enough to allow her to sit down comfortably.
Once seated, however, Ashley's hands dropped to her lap and began to toy with the buttons down the front of the skirt. It was held together by loops of cord hooked around small round glass-like plastic buttons. To Jarrad's surprise, and delight, Ashley slowly unhooked one button after another until she was able to spread her legs in a more relaxing manner.
She sat back in the seat, resting her hands on the armrests and appeared to direct her attention to the previews showing on the screen. From the corner of her eye she could see that Jarrad was also pretending interest in the previews however she suspected, maybe even hoped, that his real interest was elsewhere.
Jarrad's hand, the one closest to her, rested briefly on her own, but quickly slipped into her lap, through the opening in her skirt, and came to rest on her bare thigh, a scant couple of inches from her already damp panties. Jarrad continued to look toward the screen, seemingly oblivious to the intimate contact he had just initiated. Ashley also pretended not to notice.
For the next several minutes, perhaps as much as half an hour, Jarrad sensuously stroked Ashley's inner thighs. Although they had been made firm and muscular by her cheer-leading, their creamy smoothness provided a feel that made Jarrad's cock hard. Ashley reacted to his steady stroking with barely audible whimpers of pleasure. She narrowed the gap between her thighs such that while the palm of Jarrad's hand was running along the inside of one thigh, her other thigh was being stimulated by the back of his hand.
Ashley clasped her hand over Jarrad's and tugged it toward the center of her excitement. Although she had already undone the lower three buttons of her skirt, it was not sufficient to allow him to reach her panties. She hastily undid the fourth button but that was still not enough so she continued with the fifth and sixth.
At long last Jarrad's fingers felt the dampness of Ashley's panties and while the frequency and volume of her whimpers increased, so too did the motion of his hand. The audio intensity of the movie kept Ashley's sounds of pleasure from attracting anyone sitting nearby. Ashley's hips bucked repeatedly.
Her head contained a wild dance of mixed emotions."Oh my God!"she thought,"Awesome, but on the first date... and in public..."Ashley regained her senses. She jerked forward in the seat and slapped her hand down on Jarrad's. "Stop," she said, "We'vegotto stop."
Jarrad stared in shock. He really didn't want to stop but Ashley was definitely the most exciting girl he had ever dated and he did not want to do anything that might jeopardize the future. Also, he did not want to do anything that later might cause Ashley's brother Brad to become upset with him.
Already that day Jarrad had seen Ashley in a towel and bra-less in a thin old shirt. She had come surprisingly close to baring her breasts to him and his friends that afternoon, and when he had danced with her, she had rubbed her breasts suggestively against his chest. And now she had let him put his hand between her legs and very nearly orgasmed. She was definitely a keeper.
Ashley carefully removed Jarrad's hand from between her legs. She snuggled into him and led his arm around her shoulder. Throughout the remainder of the movie she held his hand lightly against her breast, creating a moderate level of intimacy but preventing any serious arousal.
As the credits flashed across the screen, Ashley stood and led Jarrad up the aisle and into the light of the lobby. "You get the car and I'll meet you outside. I need to stop in the ladies' room."
"If you leave your skirt unbuttoned it will be a lot easier for you to get in the car." Jarrad was trying to make it sound like he was just being helpful but Ashley was pretty sure of what was really on his mind -- likely the same thing that was on hers. "Also," he added, "I'm sure it will improve the service we get at Luciano's."
"I have no doubt you are correct. We'll see," she said, "Meet you in front." Ashley gave Jarrad a look that said he would not be disappointed.
After relieving herself and sopping up most of the moisture that had been created by her excitement, Ashley looked at herself in the mirror. The bottom six of the skirt's ten buttons remained undone and although this created a gap in the tight skirt, if she was careful with how she walked and moved, her panties and the upper half of her thighs would remain covered. She closed one more button to be on the safe side.
Reaching under her sleeveless blouse, Ashley unsnapped the front catch of her bra and by pulling the straps of it through the armholes, was able to remove her bra without removing her blouse. She looked at herself in the mirror. If she was with her ex-boyfriend, Rob, she could never have dressed this way in public, but with Jarrad... well he was the type who would like it.
When Ashley got to the curb, Jarrad was just pulling up. She opened the door and with the bottom five buttons of her skirt still undone, was able to swing her legs into the car and close the door. She reached for her purse to put away the bra.
It did not escape Jarrad's notice that Ashley's skirt was still pretty much unbuttoned to the extent it had been in the movie house. He also noticed her tuck something into her purse. "What is that you're putting away," he asked.
"My bra," Ashley responded as she closed the purse and sat it back on the floor. "I didn't want to take the chance of leaving it in your car."
"Why don't you just burn it. That way you won't be tempted to put it on again."
"You'd like that wouldn't you." Ashley replied, "But it wouldn't serve any purpose, except to leave me with one less bra. I have plenty more at home."
"Burn them all then. You don't need them and you look fantastic without."
"I appreciate the complement, and your support, and I think you know I'd much rather go without," Ashley said coyly, "But Daddy and Mother would never let me out of the house without one. In fact they'd kill me if they knew I was going into Luciano's dressed like this."
The pizza place was only a couple of blocks away and Jarrad tried to focus on driving, although he took every opportunity he could to catch a glimpse of his 'hot' date from the corner of his eye. When the car was safely parked though, he opened the door to turn on the light and gave her a very thorough once over. "Hot," he said, emitting a low whistle.
Ashley blushed. "And in case you're wondering," she said as she opened her own door, "I didn't take the bra off and leave the skirt unbuttoned to tease you. It was to get us better service at Luciano's." Just before closing the car door she added with a grin, "Of course it doesn't hurt that you like it too."
Jarrad locked the car and caught up with Ashley. "Course I like it, and if it gets us better service all the better."
"I have noticed that Luciano tends to favor the girls that are wearing the least," Ashley explained, just before Jarrad opened the door to the restaurant.
Luciano's was a small restaurant. There were two small circular booths, each usually occupied by a single couple. There were also four tables, each capable of seating four, but more normally occupied by one or two. Luciano himself was maitre d', waiter and busboy, and at really slow times, even the chef.
Tonight was one of those really slow times. Seated in a semi-circular booth with a linen table-cloth that would hide anything that might go on under the table, Jarrad and Ashley nibbled at the antipasto Luciano had suggested to tide them over while their pizza baked. They were the only patrons in the restaurant.
This was by far the hottest date Jarrad had ever been on -- at least up to this point. And with what had already taken place in the theater, and since Ashley had removed her bra and left her skirt unbuttoned after the movie house, Jarrad was pretty sure the decks were clear for anything he might have in mind. Hidden by the table-cloth, he put his hand between Ashley's bare legs and slowly moved it toward her panties.
He was startled by Ashley's reaction. "What do you think you are doing," she asked sternly.
"Well, I uh... thought -"
"I told you in the car," Ashley carefully explained, "That the way I am dressed is not for you -- it is for Luciano."
As Jarrad removed his hand, Luciano came from the kitchen with the pizza. He put it on the table and turned to leave. Seared into his memory though was the sight of the young girl's gorgeous bare legs and unfettered breasts as he seated them in the booth. Luciano turned back to the table and served them each a slice of pizza while doing his best to see through the opening in Ashley's blouse.
Eventually however, with no excuse for remaining at the table, Luciano returned to the kitchen. Jarrad and Ashley, having had nothing other than snack food and soft drinks since breakfast, were famished and devoured the first couple slices of pizza without any conversation.
Jarrad was still feeling somewhat downtrodden by the way Ashley had treated him earlier, while they were waiting for the pizza. As he served himself a third slice, intending to upset her smugness, he said evenly, "I think I saw some pictures of you on the Internet."
Ashley too was serving herself a third slice but stopped abruptly, her pizza suspended in midair, as Jarrad's remark registered. "What?" she gasped. The unexpected statement had her grasping for straws. "Uh, where? ... er, what I mean is... are you sure it was me?"
Ashley had reacted more unfavorably than Jarrad had expected. He minimized the significance of his statement. "Well, Ithoughtit was you. Whoever it was, was wearing a shirt like the one you wore this afternoon."
"Uh... wherewasthis?" Ashley asked, trying to hide her discomfort.
Jarrad could see that he had hit a nerve. "It wasn't anyplace I recognized," he replied, downplaying his response, "Probably wasn't even you."
"What Imeantwas, where on theInternet," Ashley painstakingly clarified.
"Oh, uh... Flickr or something like that... not sure, I was just cruising the Internet when I saw them."
"Flickr? Don't they have some rules about nudity and stuff like that?"
"No..." Jarrad answered, noting that Ashley had asked about nudity, even though he had said nothing about it. "Well," he chose his words carefully, "Not except for requiring that the pictures are properly identified for their sexual content."
"So anyone can post naked pictures and you can see them if you want?"
"Well, yeah, uh... yes, I can see pretty much whatever I want."
Ashley showed signs of accepting this unexpected information and took on the manner of an attorney examining a witness in court. "Andwhoposted these pictures?"
Jarrad, recalling that messengers bearing bad news, were sometimes killed, took up a defensive posture. "It wasn't like a real name. I'm not sure I remember... 'ex-boyfriend' or something like that."
"Are you shitting me," Ashley blurted, "Doesn't he know he could go tojailfor stuff like that."
"Stuff like what," Jarrad asked, sensing an imminent turn in the tide.
Ashley backpedaled, "Like, uh, uh... naked pictures of young girls."
"I didn'tseeany naked pictures... and certainly not anything a person could go tojailfor."
Ashley recognized her mistake. No longer in a position to be aggressive, but still curious, she sheepishly asked, "Uh, well then... whatdidhe post?"
Jarrad did not want to worsen Ashley's embarrassment. "A few pictures of a sexy teenager wearing a man's shirt, is all."
"And nothing else."
"Right," Jarrad confirmed, "And nothing else."
"You could tell, though, that she wasn't wearing anything under the shirt."
Jarrad continued cautiously, "Uh, yeah... thatwaskind of obvious. The shirt was unbuttoned and open all the way." Ashley's eyes went wide and her face took on a look of horror. Jarrad hastily added, "But everything was covered."
For some time, Ashley said nothing. Her face melted into a look of thoughtful concern. After Jarrad had sat in silence for the better part of a minute, Ashley spoke with considerable hesitation, "I think it probably was me that you saw... and it was the same shirt. It had been Rob's... The pictures were at his house. He gave me the shirt to keep." Ashley looked away. "But you said you thought I looked sexy."
Jarrad was sure that if he handled this one correctly, he would be home free. "Oh yeah," he said, "They weresooosexy... I went back every day, for several days... hoping to find more."
"What..." Ashley asked, a grin forming on her lips, "Did you think he might post the pictureswithoutthe shirt?"
It was going the direction Jarrad had hoped for. "Uh, yeah... Ihopedhe was that stupid."
Ashley moved into full tease mode. "And were you disappointed that he didn't... er wasn't... well you know what I mean."
"Yeah, I know what you mean... but yes, Ididhope he was that stupid."
"So youwantedto see me naked."
"For sure," Jarrad replied, "Like ever since I've known you."
"Oh wow... and I was like what... likefourteenthe first time you came to the house?"
"You're making me sound like some sort of pervert."
Ashley had resumed control of the conversation. "Let's get this straight... You wanted to see a fourteen year old naked? ... And you don't think that doesn't sound, uh... at least, alittleperverted."
"Bu... bu... but, I didn't want to do anything, I just wanted to look is all."
Ashley decided to let Jarrad off the hook. "Actually... I'm kinda flattered. But how come you didn't say anything."
"What? ... You mean..."
"We'll never know will we... but I did think you were kinda cute," Ashley said grinning.
"Oh, shit. And all the time I thought... well, never mind... whatever."
"Right, whatever... So anyway, you were hoping Rob would post the naked pictures he took of me."
Jarrad saw that Ashley had once again steered the conversation in a different direction -- away from him -- toward herself -- and more recent in time. He took advantage. It was his turn to assume the courtroom lawyer tone. "So hedidtake naked pictures of you then." Ashley realized she had again 'let the cat out of the bag'. "How did he ever talk you into that," Jarrad demanded.
Ashley surprised him with her answer, "I don't recall having raised a great many objections," she teasingly replied.
"You mean, you deliberately took off your clothes and let him take pictures of you."
"Uh, well... it wasn't quite like that... but yeah, sorta."
"And you weren't worried that he might show them to someone... one of his buddies... or even post 'em on the Internet."
"No, actually, I wassurehe wouldn't, at least not while we were still going together. He didn't like me acting sexy around anyone... except him, that is... and only in private. So no, he would have never done that."
"But you had a different attitude about that. Have I got it right?"
"Maybe... At least that's one of the reasons I broke up with him."
Jarrad paused, allowing this last revelation sink in. "So this afternoon then," he started cautiously, We... me and the other guys... we didn't exactly talk you into the uh... dancing, I mean."
Becoming conciliatory, Ashley replied, "Uh... maybe not quite. I mean, like... I was kinda wanting to do it... but, I needed to know you wanted me to do it also." Ashley sought further assurance. "It did turn you on, didn't it," she asked, "Me being almost naked and playing with all those guys."
Jarrad's confrontational tone disappeared. "Yeah, I guess I liked it pretty much, but..."
"But what?" Ashley asked, a puzzled look on her face.
Jarrad continued, still with a critical look on his face, "You might have taken the shirt off," Jarrad grinned, "Yes! Now that would have been really hot, you dancing with us in nothing but your panties. Oh yeahhh!"
"And what if I was your girlfriend, would you still have wanted me to do that?"
"Shit yeah!" he excitedly agreed, "And you would've too, wouldn't you?"
Ashley smiled and took Jarrad's hand. She deposited it on her bare thigh, just as Luciano came with the check. Sensing that his customers did not want to be interrupted, he dropped the check on the table and turned toward the kitchen, but Jarrad caught his attention almost immediately. "Wait, take this," he said, taking a credit card from his pocket and placing it on the check.
As Luciano turned toward the kitchen, Jarrad again put his hand between Ashley's legs. When the proprietor was safely out of ear-shot, she said quietly, "Undo a couple more of the buttons... so my panties show a little."
"Huh," Jarrad responded disbelievingly, "But we're about to leave and when Luciano comes back, he's going to pull the table out for us."
"Right... and I want to be sure he remembers me the next time we're here, even if I'm wearing jeans."
"I don't think you're going to have to worry about him remembering you," Jarrad quipped.
As Luciano approached from the kitchen, Jarrad undid the buttons as instructed, and then, with Ashley smiling unflinchingly, dragged his fingers suggestively over the front of her panties.
Jarrad looked up at Luciano with satisfaction as he signed the ticket. "How about you do your thing with the table so we can get out," he suggested.
Luciano bowed and pulled the table out of the way. His mouth dropped in astonishment at the sight he uncovered. The girl's skirt was not only split further than when she had come in but it was also pulled to either side, exposing her legs completely and even a bit of her panties.
Ashley feigned ignorance of the spectacle she had created and fumbled around several seconds, locating her purse and ascertaining that all her belongings were safely inside it. At long last she looked up to find Luciano still staring. She held out her hand as a request for his assistance in getting to her feet. Once standing, she gave Luciano a dismissive peck on the cheek and followed a smirking Jarrad to the door. No, Luciano would not forget her anytime soon.
At the car, she waved Jarrad off from coming around to open the door. "You've seen enough for one night," she teased as she opened the door and got in. Once seated she struggled to pull her skirt together enough to get at least a few of the buttons redone.
Pulling into the street, Jarrad snapped, "Damn," as if he had been suddenly angered. "Why is it that for a stranger, you unbutton far enough to show your panties, but for me you button back up?" he asked in faked belligerence.
Adopting a similar tone of voice, Ashley manufactured the excuse, "He was serving food and you are driving a car and I would like to get home in one piece." Stifling a little laugh she added, "So I don't want to distract you."
Continuing the feigned argument, Jarrad countered, "And you think your bare legs and a glimpse of your panties would distract me."
"Well, wouldn't they?" Ashley asked in a considerably mellower tone.
As they turned on the highway to home, Jarrad sighed. "Yeah, probably so," he admitted. Then added, "I guess, next time, I better get someone else to drive so you don't have to wear so much."
"Next time?" questioned Ashley. "Who said anything about a next time," her tone unmistakably serious.
"Well uh..." Jarrad stammered. Maybe he had assumed too much. "I sorta... I mean... I washopingthere would be a next time." It was a major admission coming from a guy who was not used to begging for dates.
Ashley, having extracted her pound of flesh, replied demurely, "Well, it might help if you asked, instead of just assuming. I would like to at least know that I had achanceto say no."
"Well... Is there going to be a next time?"
"We'll see," she allowed, "Call me." Jarrad turned down a side road, away from Ashley's house. "Where are we going," she asked.
"The lake, we've still got a half-hour or so to fool around."
"Like walk on the beach you mean."
"Yeah, walk on beach," Jarrad replied, pulling the car into a parking area at the edge of the lake.
After opening the door, Ashley removed her shoes. "I'm leaving these in the car," she said, "Not good for walking in the sand."
"Right," Jarrad said as he came around the car and led her toward the beach. He was wearing athletic shoes and didn't feel the need to take them off.
Jarrad took Ashley's hand as they stepped over the parking barricade and onto the beach. At the water's edge they turned and headed up the beach, to the left of where the car was parked. A hundred yards up the beach Jarrad announced, "This is far enough," and plopped down on the sand.
"Far enough for what?" Ashley asked, hands on hips in mock defiance.
"Far enough so that if someone else comes into the parking lot, their lights won't be shining right on us."
"Good thinking," Ashley commented as she sat down next him.
They had not previously kissed but neither showed any hesitation. They kissed open-mouthed from the first contact. Ashley sucked Jarrad's tongue into her mouth with such fervor that she nearly pulled it out by its roots. Their arms went around each other and their bodies were crushed together.
Jarrad got a hand between Ashley's legs. She opened them, giving him unrestricted access. He gently massaged the front of her panties, then slipped his fingers inside. As his fingers stroked the smooth moist surface of her pussy lips, his thumb gently massaged her clitoris.
Ashley felt Jarrad's fingertips parting her lips. She had been here before but this time they were not likely to be interrupted. She brushed his hand away and said, "Wait, let me get some of these clothes off." Weak-kneed, she struggled to stand and then stepped behind Jarrad.
As she was undoing the remaining buttons of her skirt, Jarrad turned to watch. Ashley stopped, took Jarrad's head in her hands and gently turned it back toward the lake. "I would like a little privacy. You keep a lookout for submarines."
Jarrad chuckled at the old fashioned reference to submarine races but did as he was told. He heard a rustling of clothes behind him and Ashley's skirt dropped into his lap. There were a few more sounds of clothing before Ashley laid down at his side with her head in his lap.
Looking up at Jarrad, Ashley saw a mixture of emotions -- his expression reflected some concern. "What?" she said, "what is bothering you."
"I thought you were going to take your clothes off. You only took off your skirt."
"Hey... When I left home I was a virgin and I plan to return home the same way. And besides, my first time is going to be in a bed with nice comfortable linen sheets, not on the beach fighting the sand and bugs."
"Whewie, Bob..." blurted Jarrad, "I guess I've been told!"
"Look..." Ashley implored patiently, "I'm not saying I don't want to... and I'm not saying never... I'm just asking that it be the right time and place." Seeing Jarrad slowly nodding his agreement, or at least understanding, Ashley chirped, "Hey. I'm only wearing panties and a blouse -- no bra -- and we're alone on a deserted beach. That's a lot for a first date. Now do I have to tell you what you'resupposedto do?"
In response, Jarrad hastily undid the buttons on the blouse, placing his hand on her exposed stomach while still leaving the shirt to cover her breasts. He moved his hand slowly upward and from side to side, spreading the opening in the blouse ever wider, which was still caught on Ashley's ever hardening nipples.
"My God, what are you doing," Ashley gasped as she grabbed hold of the blouse and yanked it clear of her breasts. As Jarrad's eyes feasted on the magnificent sight he had only dreamed about, Ashley took his hand in hers and placed it on one of her bare breasts.
Jarrad added his other hand to the task, grasping her hardening nipples between his thumb and forefinger. Ashley sighed and putting a hand behind her head, caressed the pulsing bulge in his jeans. As Jarrad bent forward, Ashley lifted her head to meet his lips.
It was a good thing that Ashley's position kept Jarrad's hand from reaching her pussy. Had he been able to get his fingers inside her again, it is doubtful that she would have maintained her resolve to go home a virgin. The passion with which they kissed, his hands on her bare breasts and her hand encouraging the heat she felt in his pants, made it extremely difficult for her to hold out for sheets.
In spite of the minefield she had set for herself, Ashley did manage to remind Jarrad of his work schedule the next day and of the need to get her home. As she stood, Jarrad reluctantly handed her the skirt lying at his side. Ashley shook the sand out of it, buttoned the blouse and put the skirt back on. She buttoned all but the bottom three buttons of the skirt.
Ashley abandoned her sexual shenanigans for the remainder of the trip home and very little was said between them. As the car came to a stop in the driveway, she gave Jarrad a peck on the lips and said, "Leave it running. I can make it into the house by myself."
Jarrad was left with his mouth hanging open as he watched Ashley exit the car and skip up the steps to the front door. Before disappearing inside, she blew him a kiss and waved a cheery goodbye.

Chapter XV.

In the house, Ashley found her brother asleep on the couch. He awakened with Ashley shaking him. "Jesus... what time is it?" Brad asked, rubbing his eyes.
"Eleven-thirty."
"I guess I fell asleep. You're home early."
"Jarrad has to work tomorrow -- didn't want to make it too late."
"Well..."
"Well, what?"
"You still a virgin?"
"Of course, dummy."
"So you were a good girl then."
"Uh, well... Daddy wouldn't think so but you might."
"You going to give me a chance to decide."
"Follow me to my room if you want. We can talk."
"I thought we were going for a swim."
"I'm too tired for that. How about we go to my room instead."
Brad was disappointed. He had expected they would go skinny-dipping again. Still, Ashley did invite him to her room. She had never done that at night before."Maybe..."he thought. "Whatever," he said aloud, not wanting to convey his real thoughts.
"How about you grab us a couple of cokes. I'm going to take a quick shower but I'll leave the door open for you."
When Brad got to Ashley's room she was already in the bathroom, but had left the door to it slightly ajar. He hesitated a second before approaching it. Resisting the temptation to spy on his sister through the partially open door, he lowered his eyes to the floor and announced, "I've got your coke." Without looking up he asked, "What do you want me to do with it?"
"Put it on the nightstand. I'm just going to rinse off. Be out in a minute."
As Brad turned to comply, he caught a brief glimpse of his sister's nude form as she stepped into the shower. His thoughts shot back to the night before when she lay on the pool deck while telling him about her date with Eddie Feldman. She hadn't actually been naked but wearing only a towel, and offering intimate details of her date, she had provided a lot of fuel for his imagination.
Brad put Ashley's coke on the nightstand, as she had requested, and plopped into a nearby chair. To himself he said,"I wonder how much she's going to tell me about her date with Jarrad. Probably not much."He sipped his coke and mentally prepared himself for the boring recital he expected to hear.
Shortly after Brad heard the shower stop, Ashley swooped into the room wearing the same blouse she had worn on the date. The skirt was gone and it appeared that the blouse had been put on in haste. Ashley had not taken the time to button it, instead clutching it together with her hands.
"I'm going to get ready for bed if you don't mind," she said.
"Mind? No, of course not," Brad replied cheerily. "This could be good," he thought.
Ashley was facing away from Brad, toward her chest of drawers. "No, I guess he wouldn't mind," she thought. "Aw well, he deserves a cheap thrill," she said to herself as she took some sleep shorts from the drawer.
Brad was watching intently. Ashley stepped into the shorts and tugged them suggestively up her bare legs and over her butt. He was pretty sure she wasn't wearing panties but the tail of the blouse kept him from knowing that for certain.
Ashley again clutched the unbuttoned blouse together as she stepped over to the closet. "I can't believe I'm putting on a show like this for my brother,"she thought, "A week ago I wouldn't have even considered it, now I'm actually liking it."
Brad continued to watch as Ashley reached into the closet and took a tee-shirt type of top off a hangar. "He's going to like this," Ashley said to herself. With her back still to Brad she shrugged the blouse off her shoulders and pulled the tee-shirt over her head.
Brad's hand shot to his mouth, muffling the "Oh, my God!" that flashed through his head. Talking to himself he added, "Now, if she would just turn around."
And turn around she did but by now the tee-shirt was covering all but a small patch of skin above the drawstring waist of her shorts so Brad didn't see what he would have liked to see. What he did see though was almost as good.
The tee-shirt, in addition to being only belly-button length, had huge scooped out armholes, open almost to the hem. And the shorts were not only super loose, but also cut so high that that they had no legs at all. Brad's mouth hung open.
Ashley's face turned red. She had pushed this a bit further than she meant to, but it was too late to turn back now. As she passed Brad on the way to her bed, it was her turn to be shocked as she spotted the tent in her brother's pants.
Brad watched in astonishment as Ashley stretched out on her side on the unopened bed, her love canal barely covered by the skimpy shorts and her nipples poking at the thin tee-shirt. "I guess you're going to want to hear it all," she said, taking the coke in one hand while using the other to support her head.
Brad would have been content with a brief accounting of the highlights, but with Ashley dressed as she was he wanted to drag it out as long as possible. "Yes, all of it," he replied, his eyes on the shorts, hoping for a peek inside.
Ashley pretended not to notice what had captured Brad's attention. "I don't know what you said to him," she began, "But he was certainly trying to play the part of the gentleman."
Brad gulped as Ashley deliberately rolled her hips a bit, adding more fuel to the fire of his imagination. "Ashley to Brad, Ashley to Brad." his sister chided, pleased that she could capture his attention so easily.
Brad tore his eyes away from their exploratory mission and looked at Ashley's face. "Uh, sorry," he offered.
"Like I was saying, he tried being gentlemanly. Well, maybe he did have an ulterior motive for opening the car door for me. After all, my skirt was a little on the short side."
"So did he get a peek?"
"You could say that. Actually I think I surprised him a little. The skirt did come to about mid-thigh, but in case you didn't notice, it was kind of tight."
"Right..."
"Well after he opened the door, he refused to turn his back while I got in so I turned to face him and pulled the skirt up almost high enough to show my panties..."
Brad's mouth opened, "Uh... uh..." but nothing intelligible came out.
"When I sat down and swung my legs into the car I'm sure he got a good look."
"But youwerewearing panties."
"Oh yeah and I wanted him to know it."
"And you pulled the skirt back down after you got in."
"Nooo... I kinda like showing off my legs and he was driving so he couldn't do anything but look and that was fine with me."
"So you stayed that way, skirt around your waist, for like how long."
"Until we got to the movie theater, but it wasn't really around my waist. I had it pulled down far enough to pretty much cover my panties."
"Pretty much?"
"Pretty much, I mean like my panties might have been showing a little, but not much."
"And you rode like that all the way into town. And when you got to the theater?"
"He let me off in front of it while he went to park the car."
"In the theater, you pulled your skirt up again to sit down?"
"Sort of, but not really. You know that skirt has buttons up the front. I undid the bottom three so I could sit more comfortably."
"But did he... uh..."
"Did he uh what?"
"Uh, nothing... never mind."
Ashley was pleased that her brother didn't ask the obvious. She didn't want to tell him everything and his not asking saved her from lying.
"And before you ask," Ashley began hesitantly, "Yes, I did let him play with my uh... tits, a little during the movie... but only through my blouse and bra."
"That sounds pretty tame with what I know about Jarrad."
"I think Jarrad was sort of thinking the same thing, so when the movie was over I stopped in the ladies room while he got the car." Ashley paused for effect. "I took my bra off."
"Holy shit! I sure would like to go on a date with you."
Ashley had expected her revelation to draw a comment. "Too bad I'm you're sister, huh?" she teased.
"Yeah, but I still think I've got the better end of the deal. He hasn't seen you naked yet... or has he?"
"No, not naked." Ashley liked watching her brother squirm. "Just topless."
"Topless?" Brad blurted, "Where?"
His reaction had been more than she expected. "Ohhh Jesus..." she began slowly, "At the beach, on the way home, after pizza. He suggested we stop by the lake and watch the waves for a while." Brad looked at Ashley in disbelief. She continued, "I knew what he really had in mind but he had said something about having to be at work early the next morning and I felt like I could hold him off for a while anyway, so I agreed."
"Oh sweet Jesus," Brad murmured under his breath.
Ashley ignored his obvious concern and continued, "We started kissing. It got kinda hot pretty quick -- a lot of tongue action. With one hand he was working on the buttons of my blouse while the other was stroking the insides of my thighs. I stood up and stepped behind him. He wanted to look but I insisted he keep his eyes forward."
Brad mumbled something unintelligible as Ashley plowed on. "I took the skirt off and dropped it in his lap. I'm sure he thought I was taking my clothes off and I was sorely tempted to, but not on the first date. With my blouse and panties still intact, I stretched out on the sand next to him and put my head in his lap."
"You took yourskirtoff?" Brad asked in wonderment.
Ashley nodded.
"So you were just wearing panties and a blouse?"
Ashley nodded again.
"And you didn't getfucked? I'm not believing this."
"It's true," she pleaded.
Telling about it had gotten Ashley excited and the possibility of reenacting it with her brother popped into her head. She knew it would be playing with fire but decided in favor of it anyway. "Sit on the floor," she ordered.
"Huh... Sit on the floor?"
"Don't argue, just do it, okay?"
Brad did as he was told.
Ashley was seriously conflicted over what had to come next. On the one hand she was aching for her brother's sexual stimulation and sure he was anxious to provide it. On the other hand, she wasn't positive that they, he or she, could stop before it got out of hand. But she wanted Brad's hands on her body so bad she decided to chance it.
Ashley lay down on the floor next to Brad with her head in his lap. It was like she had done at the beach. She was wearing a tee shirt and shorts -- maybe a bit on the skimpy side, but she wasn't naked. Ashley tensed as her brother carefully surveyed the tempting sight.
Ashley prompted hesitantly, "Uh... Jarrad unbuttoned my blouse and played with my uh... tits, I guess you guys call them."
Brad took a deep breath. "Right unh..."
Ashley hesitated, not sure what to say next. Finally she said, "There aren't any buttons on this so I guess you'd have to uh... put your hand through the armhole... that is if we're going to act this out."
Brad had been wanting to put his hands inside those armholes ever since Ashley had turned from the closet and now she was suggesting he do just that. Although he was dying to comply he was still afraid that he somehow had misunderstood. "Uh, sure..." Brad fumbled, "But what about the rule."
Ashley knew that the rule was meant to keep them out of the 'danger zone', but right now she was ready to take a chance. "Well uh... this is just a demonstration so I think it's probably okay."
Brad didn't like the rule but he did agree they needed to have one. Now it looked like his sister wanted tobendthe rule and there was nowayhe was going to object. He slipped his hand through one of the over-sized armholes and clutched her breast.
Ashley gasped at the contact. She loved to have her breasts stimulated and had been barely able to maintain control when Jarrad had played with them earlier on the beach. Her brother's touch was just as exciting, maybe even more-so or maybe it just seemed that way because it wasn't supposed to be happening.
Brad tried valiantly not to be sexual about it but didn't do so well. He gently squeezed both of her nipples and ran his hands lovingly over every inch of her breasts.
Ashley's breath was coming faster and heavier. "Uh... uh..." she stammered, "Oh Jesus... uh please, put your hand between my legs."
Brad traced his hand down her smooth stomach and below the hem of her tee-shirt. His fingers reached the top of her panties but he couldn't reach as far as she wanted. "I can't reach," he said.
"Right," Ashley replied breathlessly. She pushed Brad's hand back up under the shirt and dragged it out the armhole. "Do you uh... believe me now," she asked with considerable difficulty as she stood.
Brad hoped the 'demonstration' wasn't over. He looked up at Ashley standing over him. "What now," he asked hopefully.
Ashley was flustered but she managed to eke out, "Well, uh... I think I better go to bed... and you ought to leave, I guess. We'll finish the story over breakfast."
Brad was heartbroken over the turn of events but he knew it had to be that way. "Right," he replied, "That does seem like the sensible thing to do." As Ashley crawled into bed, he struggled up from the floor and ambled out of the room. Brad was not sure how far he had wanted the 'demonstration' to go, but he sure was disappointed that it ended when it did.

Chapter XVI.

The next morning, Ashley stepped out of her room and headed for the kitchen just as Brad was doing the same. She waved a cheery greeting to her brother who would have had to have been blind not to notice that she was attired the same as she had been the previous night. His cock snapped to attention at the remembrance.
Trying not to stare he asked her, "You're going to finish the story this morning, right?"
Looking at Brad and seeing where he was looking, Ashley replied, "If you want to hear it... yes,"
"Oh, I do," Brad assured her as he eyeballed the sides of her breasts through the over-sized armholes of the shirt. "And uh please don't get me wrong... I'm not complaining..." he added, continuing to appraise his sister's daring attire, "But are you sure you want to be dressed like that when Mom and Dad come home."
Ashley smiled and swept a hand through her hair. "I thought you might like this," she answered as her face reddened slightly. I did think about it though and they can't get here much before noon. I'll be changed long before that, but hey... thanks for looking out for me."
In the kitchen Ashley busied herself getting the cereal, juice and milk out and putting it on the table. She glanced a couple of times at Brad as he made the coffee. His continued fascination with her immodest manner of dress excited her. She was glad she had mustered up the nerve to remain dressed as she was.
Finally seated at the table, Brad prompted, "So... you were able to fend Jarrad off, at least for the first date." Ashley nodded as she downed her juice. Brad continued questioning, a spoonful of cereal poised at his mouth. "And how long do you think you'll be able to do that?"
Ashley put the empty glass on the table and looked up. "For as long as I want." she replied, wiping her mouth with the back of her hand.
Brad spoke slowly as he carefully raised the cup of steaming coffee. "And how longwillyou want?"
Ashley had been about to down a spoonful of cereal but paused with it in mid-air. "Well, uh... I'm not sure... we, uh... haven't even had a second date yet."
"But you're going to?" Brad pressed.
Irritation began to build within her. "Well, he hasn't really asked yet."
"But, I'm sure he will, and you... I imagine you'll say yes?" Brad hammered between mouthfuls of cereal.
"I think probably... yes," Ashley said, hoping her brother's questions were at an end.
"So how long then?" Brad questioned again.
Ashley snapped, "I'm not sure that's any of your business,"
Brad realized he had gone too far. "You're right, it's not. I was just curious is all," Brad said apologetically. The two finished breakfast in silence.

Chapter XVII.

Just before noon, their parents breezed through the house to change clothes and quickly went out again, to the office. Brad and Ashley were home alone but generally avoided each other before joining their parents for supper. Brad hoped that Ashley would again want him to watch over her during a late night swim, but she retreated to her room early and gave no indication of any expected meeting later.
On Tuesday morning Brad awakened to the sound of the garage door as his parents left for the office. He wanted things to again be 'cool' between him and his sister and thought he might be able to break the ice with a little teasing of his own. He put on a pair of boxer shorts and, otherwise bare, went to the kitchen for breakfast.
A few minutes later, Ashley stopped in her tracks at the sight she saw from the kitchen doorway. Brad was seated in profile to her at the kitchen table, the corner of the table-cloth covering his waist and hiding the shorts he was wearing -- if he was wearing any. Her hand shot to her mouth as she stammered, "Brad... uh, I hope you're wearing some shorts."
Brad looked up at his sister in the doorway. Ashley had decided that Brad had been in the dog-house long enough and was wearing that old shirt again, the one she had worn when his friends were over on Sunday, and like then, it was pretty obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. While giving Ashley an appreciative once-over, he brushed the table-cloth aside, revealing his boxer shorts.
"I, uh..." Ashley began, "uh, that's pretty risqu for the breakfast table. I don't think I've ever seen you in just your underwear, at least not since we were kids."
"Yeah, well," Brad responded, "I didn't think it would matter much since we've been skinny-dipping together, and besides, that shirt's not all that modest either."
Brad watched as Ashley helped herself to the sausage and eggs her mother had left warming on the stove and sat down across the table from him. "It's not like you haven't seen it before," Ashley commented. With a satisfied look taking over her expression, she added, "And I think you kind of like it. By the way, I always assumed you wore briefs -- what's with the boxer shorts?"
Brad blushed. "Yeah, I do usually wear briefs but I thought the boxers would be more comfortable for lounging around the house."
Ashley continued grinning. Leaning around the side of the table and craning her neck in Brad's direction, she said with a tease in her voice, "So, is this what I can expect from now on?"
Brad's blush deepened. "Well, I was kinda thinking we might go for a swim -"
Ashley beamed. "That would be fun but it looks like it might rain." Just then the doorbell rang.
"Oh shit," Brad blurted, "You're going to have to answer the door, I can't go like this."
"Yeah, well I'm not exactly dressed for company either. Who do you suppose it is?" Ashley asked.
The doorbell rang again. "I don't know," replied Brad, "But they sure are impatient. Just answer the door, will you...please?"
Ashley got up and went to the door. She looked through the peephole and saw Jarrad with some other guy she didn't recognize. With the door blocking her from view, Ashley cautiously opened it a few inches. Peering through the opening she cheerily said, "Hi."Hi to you too," Jarrad said, then added, "Uh, this is my cousin from Cleveland. We came over to see your brother -"
Ashley edged the door open enough to provide a hint of what she was wearing. "But not me, huh," Ashley teased.
"Oh yeah, of course you too," Jarrad chimed as he and his cousin forced their way through the partially open door. They turned and looked appreciatively at the sexy teenage girl in the almost see-through shirt hiding behind the door.
Ashley blushed as they surveyed her nearly naked body. She wished it been only Jarrad but if he was okay with his cousin seeing her like that... well she didn't really mind all that much... In fact she might like it a little... maybe even a lot. She closed the door behind them and motioned toward the kitchen. "Brad and I were just finishing breakfast."
"And he let you answer the door dressed like that?" Jarrad asked incredulously.
"Uh yeah," Ashley responded as they walked through the kitchen door. Jarrad and his cousin watched as Brad stood up from the table. Seeing how little he was wearing, they had no further questions for Ashley.
"I guess I better put something else on," Ashley said as she turned toward the door.
"Oh please no," Jarrad replied hastily.
"Yeah, well I was thinking -"
Jarrad cut her off, "Hey, if it's okay for your brother..."
"But your cousin... I thought maybe you might -"
"You thinkhe'sgoing to object?"
"Yeah, but... but..."
"C'mon, just stay the way you are -- you're fine, isn't she George," he said turning his cousin who nodded vigorously.
Ashley turned to her brother. "Uh, Brad... you okay with this?" She pulled the bottom of the shirt down, stretching the fabric against her bra-less nipples.
"If you are," Brad replied.
Ashley wrestled with it. She really did like how she looked, even if it was pretty much on the naughty side. The guys, even her brother, seemed to want her to remain that way, and the way they were all looking at herwaskind of exciting.
"Yeah, well I guess I'm okay," she replied, feeling an overwhelming sense of control at having the guys thinking she was doing it as a favor to them when she was actually enjoying it as much, if not more. Feeling generous she added, "You guys want some coffee or something before I sit back down?"
"Nah, we're okay," Jarrad replied, "We just had breakfast." Then as he and his cousin sat down in the empty chairs at the table, "I'm sorry Brad, this is my cousin George. He came in from Cleveland last night and he's going back tomorrow morning. We were hoping you might want to go swimming."
Just then a flash of lightning lit up the kitchen. It was closely followed by a loud clap of thunder and through the kitchen windows they watched as buckets of water rained down upon the backyard.
"Good to meet you, George," Brad got out after swallowing the last of his breakfast. He added unnecessarily, "But I think the swimming is going be out for today."
"Yeah, I guess so," Jarrad responded as his cousin nodded, "Maybe we can get your sister to dance for us again."
Ashley put her fork down and stared daggers at Jarrad. "You need to understand," she said, "That was a one time thing. It's not happening again."
"Yeah, but my cousin missed out," Jarrad pleaded jokingly."
"And it's going to stay that way," Ashley snapped. She got up from the table, noisily dropped her dishes into the sink and stalked out of the kitchen. Alone in the den, she turned the TV to one of the morning talk shows.

Chapter XVIII.

When the three guys joined her a few minutes later, Ashley was still sulking. She tugged the bottom of her shirt down until it covered most of her thighs and studiously avoided making eye-contact with any of them.
Her brother had managed to put on cutoffs and a tee-shirt before coming into the den. He sat down next to Ashley on the couch. "Jarrad didn't mean anything. He was just teasing."
"Yeah, well, he didn't need to say that," Ashley mumbled, still directing her attention to the TV.
"He knows he screwed up. Just give him a chance. He would never do anything to hurt you. He really does like you a lot."
Ashley looked at her brother. "You really think so?"
"I do, so lighten up a little, huh."
Ashley looked down into her lap. She thought for a few seconds, then got up and walked over to the entertainment center. She turned off the TV and switched to a channel of dance music. The station was playing the song that she and Jarrad had ground their bodies to on Sunday. Instead of Jarrad though, she went to the couch and dragged her brother into the center of the room.
"I don't think that dancing to this is such a good idea," Brad remarked, "It's pretty much of a belly rubber."
"Shush -- Just dance with me," Ashley said. She put her arms around Brad's neck and pulled him against her.
Brad wrapped his arms around his sister, his hands cautiously clutching her buttocks. "I thought you didn't want to dance."
Ashley looked deep into her brother's eyes. "What I meant was I didn't want to danceforyou guys, but I don't mind dancingwithyou... one at a time."
With his hands softly stroking Ashley's backside, Brad gently rubbed the head of his erection against Ashley's waist.
"I know this is supposed be really naughty, you being my brother and all, but it sure does feel good," Ashley whispered in his ear.
"It'd feel even better if you weren't wearing panties." Brad grinned and cupped his hands tightly around Ashley's butt-cheeks, pulling her tightly against himself.
Ashley jerked her head back and looked directly into Brad's eyes. "I can't believe what I just heard my brother say," she said, "You really think it would be okay for me to dance withyou...Jarrad...andhis cousin... without wearing any panties."
"Stop acting so insulted. You know you want to."
"I can't believe you would evenallowme to do such a thing."
"Hey, I'm okay with it."
Although the song was not quite ended, Ashley disengaged herself. She said, "Well, it's not going to happen." Leaving the room, she said to no one in particular, "I'll be right back. I need to make a quick stop. "
In the bathroom, Ashley tried to think through the situation. She was certain that even if the guys couldn't actuallyseeher nipples, they could surelyfeelthem when she pressed up against them while dancing.
Wearing only panties and a threadbare dress shirt around several guys had been a significant step forward, but rubbing up against them while wearing so little had really taken some guts. She hadn't danced with Jarrad yet today and she had never danced with his cousin, but she was going to as soon as she got back. She was nervous about the prospect but thought, 'It's going to be fun, dancing with them while my brother watches.'
If it had been just Jarrad and his cousin, if her brother had not been there, Ashley could probably have been talked out of her panties in short order. The cousin was from out of town so she didn't have to be too concerned about whathethought and Jarrad liked her being naughty anyway. Andhimtelling her girlfriends or parents, was not likely to happen.
Her brother Brad, though, was a real puzzle. Until recently his attitude toward her had been quite parental. Yes, he had been showing more tolerance toward and interest in her sexual antics, but he was still her brother, and she couldn't believe that he really wanted her to take her panties off -- well not with Jarrad and his cousin there anyway. On the other hand, there was also no way he would ever tell anybody.
Ashley made her decision, but wondered as she left the bathroom, if it had been the right one. In the den, a song was just ending and another would soon begin. She took Jarrad by hand and led him into the center of the room.
"I thought you didn't want to dance," he said.
"I was just upset with youwantingme to. It should have been my idea."
Jarrad gave Ashley a quizzical stare. "But I am forgiven, then" he asked.
"Yeah, I suppose so." Ashley gave Jarrad a pleasant smile and put her arms around his neck as the music began.
Jarrad wrapped his arms around Ashley and pulled her tightly against his growing erection. His hands dropped from her waist and cupped her buttocks. "Wearing a thong, huh," he remarked as his hands kneaded Ashley's firm cheeks through the thin material of her shirt.
Ashley licked the inside of his ear and blew hot breath into it. "No... no thong," she whispered.
Startled by her response, Jarrad put his hands on Ashley's hips and pushed her far enough away that he could look into her eyes. He looked at her with disbelief. Then speaking aloud, but quietly so as not to be heard by her brother or his cousin, "Uh... then you're notwearingany panties."
Ashley grinned. "I was thinking you might like it."
Brad looked down at the throbbing bulge in his pants. "Uh, yeah... I guess I do," he said continuing the confidential tone of voice, "But what about your brother?" He looked across the room, at her brother and his cousin, deep in conversation. "I can't believe he doesn't care."
"He doesn't know," Ashley said quietly.
"Doesn't know?" Jarrad snapped back, "How could he not know?" Ashley stared at him but didn't respond. Brad continued, "Unless... unless you took them off when you went to the bathroom."
Ashley nodded while continuing to maintain eye contact.
"Oh shit," Jarrad said, "Brad is going to befuriouswhen he finds out."
Ashley tightened her arms around Jarrad's neck and pressed her body against his. She whispered in his ear, "It was his idea."
Jarrad jerked his head back and put his face directly in front of Ashley's, their noses touching and lips only an inch or so apart. "Are you shitting?" he whispered.
As they moved slowly to the music, their noses still touching, Ashley said, "I couldn't believe it either, but he did suggest it."
"So he knows then."
"No, I told him there was no way I was going to do it."
"But you did."
"That's what took me so long in the bathroom. I was talking myself into it."
Nothing was said for a few seconds. They resumed a very clingy manner of dancing, her head on his shoulder, her arms around his neck, and his hands clutching her backside, grinding her against his hardened member.
"So you're going to be okay with me dancing like this with your cousinandmy brother," Ashley asked.
"As long as you are having fun I'm going to love it."
"So you like it when I'm acting slutty then."
Jarrad again pressed his face against hers. "No, not slutty... I like that you can act so proper and still be so sexy."
"And you don't think I'm just being a cock-tease."
"You can tease me for as long as you want." Jarrad clutched Ashley's butt and ground her into his hard-on. "I like your teasing, whatever you want to call it."
The song was ending. "So while I dance with my brother and your cousin," Ashley teased, "You be thinking about when we're going out again and how you want me to torment you." She broke away and motioned to Jarrad's cousin.
So far, it hadn't been too weird for Ashley. Being without panties while dancing with Jarrad was kind of fun anyway. The only thing that made it somewhat difficult was knowing she was being watched by her brother and Jarrad's cousin. Of course they did not yet know she was without panties.
Dancing with Jarrad's cousin was going to be her first big test. With her wearing nothing but a flimsy dress shirt, George would be able to feel her nipples against his breast. But the thought of having an almost stranger's hands on her barely covered ass was really making her nervous.
At least Jarrad's cousin George was good-looking. The discomfort Ashley felt was not a fearful sort of nervous, just unease over the prospects of something out of the ordinary. It was kind of like she felt when she went on her first date. She knew it would be fun, but she was still apprehensive.
Ashley chose to act as if nothing was out of the ordinary. As the music began she put her arms around George's neck and pulled their bodies together, making it easy for George to put his arms around her. She decided too that she wasn't going to do or say anything to discourage him from putting his hands on her ass.
"Jarrad told me you were the hottest girl he had ever known, but I had no idea I'd get lucky enough to dance with you."
"Well, I wanted to dance with you anyway, but I think Jarrad would have been disappointed if I didn't."
George's hands slid down from Ashley's waist and gripped her butt. Ashley had become used to having her ass played with while dancing, she had even come to enjoy it. Now however, without any panties, his hands felt threatening.
George had already surmised that Ashley was bra-less but he hadn't yet realized she was also without panties. "It surprises me a little," George said, "Jarrad actually wanting you to dance with me, you know uh... dressed the way you are."
Ashley sensed that George could tell that the shirt was the only thing separating his hands from her bare butt. She held her breath as his fingers traced upward, feeling for the strap of a thong. She choked as he said, "Uh... you're not wearing any uh... underwear, are you."
Ashley hesitated before answering. She was reluctant to confirm what he obviously knew. She finally replied, "Nooo," dragging it out in a plea for understanding. Ashley blushed and added with all the bravado she could muster, "That's not going to be a problem for you is it."
George saw in Ashley's eyes, the look of a deer that had been caught in the headlights. She obviously was not comfortable with the situation. He guessed correctly that this was a first for her, probably something his cousin had talked her into. He determined not to make her any more uncomfortable than she already was.
George backed away some from his physical contact with Ashley. "I guess I shouldn't have opened my fat trap," he said.
Ashley pressed her body back against George's. "But then I would have been afraid you hadn't noticed."
George gently gripped Ashley's ass-cheeks. "Then you wanted me to notice."
Ashley put her mouth next to George's ear. "Of course," she whispered, "It wouldn't have been any fun if I thought you didn't know." She pressed herself against George's erection.
"But you were acting like something was wrong."
"Just a little scared is all... I mean like it is the first time I've done anything like this... But I'm getting there... I'll be okay."
"And it's not bothering you where my hands are... because if it is I can move them."
"You keep them on the outside of the shirt and I'll be okay." Ashley looked at George and smiled. "Might even like it a little."
Not much more was said before the song ended. As it ended though, George said, "I hope we get to dance again. Oh and by the way... This was a first for me too."
"I think we'll dance again," Ashley replied. "But right now I've got to see how my brother feels about the situation."
But, as the new number started and Brad walked toward her to take George's place, Ashley headed for the bathroom, saying to Brad, "Don't go away. I'll just be a few seconds."
In the bathroom, Ashley quickly dug her panties out of the hamper and pulled them on. She had been gone only a few seconds when she returned to dance with her brother.
"That was quick," Brad remarked.
"Yeah, I just needed to make a little adjustment."
Brad's hands were on his sister's butt. He could feel the panties. He didn't know that Ashley hadn't been wearing them when she was dancing with Jarrad and George a few minutes earlier. "I'm sorry if I pissed you off with what I said, I just thought you might have more fun without your panties."
"Yeah, well maybe so, but I was uncomfortable enough... having so little on. And I'm not mad at you anyway. You were right. It would have been fun. But let me ask you -"
Brad suddenly turned on the caution light. "Yes?" he asked carefully.
"I know I said I didn't want to danceforyou guys, but I might have changed my mind. What do you think... would you have a problem if I did?"
Brad stepped back and held his hands up. "Hey, I'm not your father," he said, "What you do is up to you."
"Yeah but you are my brother and I don't want to do anything to upset you."
Brad took Ashley in his arms again and resumed dancing. "Sunday, I got a little nervous, more for you than me though. There were a couple of guys here that I'm not sure can keep their mouth shut, but today... Jarrad is my best friend and he thinks the world of you. There is no way he would ever do anything to hurt you... And George... I don't know him that well but he doesn't live here anyway. Like I said, it's up to you. You do what you want, but I can tell you this -"
"Yes -"
If you decide to I can promise you won't hear any complaints from me."
Ashley looked into Brad's eyes. "So you'd want me to then?"
Brad stared back and replied very deliberately, "Like I said... It's up to you."
While they danced, Ashley thought about it. Jarrad and his cousin would think she wasn't wearing any panties. That alone would be an incredible turn-on, for her and them. And her brother wouldn't be overly concerned because he didn't know she'd ever had them off.

Chapter XIX.

She decided to test her bravado again. When the song ended Ashley went to the entertainment center and turned it to a channel that was more up-tempo, sort of an old-style disco sound. She danced to the center of the room and did so in a manner that made it clear she didn't want a partner.
Jarrad and his cousin were standing to one side of the room, talking and waiting their turn to dance with Ashley. As she started to dance, Jarrad nudged George and directed his attention to the center of the room. "This is going to be good," he said, "Especially with her being commando."
With very little light coming from the windows, (it was still raining outside), they had turned on the spot-lights that back-lit the entertainment center. With Brad watching from the couch on the opposite wall and Jarrad and his cousin near one end of the couch, Ashley was pretty much between them and the brightly lit alcove.
The shirt was thin and with the light silhouetting her body from behind, Ashley imagined that she looked almost naked to the three watching her. And although the vision frightened her, she liked the attention she was getting.
The panties she was wearing were flesh colored so Jarrad and his cousin wouldn't immediately realize what her brother already knew -- that she was wearing panties. As she danced, Ashley grew more confident. She made eye-contact with her brother Brad as she clutched the top-most button of the shirt in one hand. Seeing that he was expressing no concern, she undid it.
Having that button open wasn't all that daring. It had probably been unbuttoned when she was sitting in the kitchen earlier. Still, loosening it while being watched by three pairs of eyes did feel naughty.
Ashley raised her arms high above her head, raising the hem of the shirt, which was normally at mid-thigh, to even higher. It was still well below her panties but exposed enough of her legs to make her brother thankful that she was wearing panties. Jarrad and George, who still did not know that, stared even more intently.
Ashley wanted to carry the tease a little further. Recently she had become accustomed to being nearly naked around her brother Brad. Jarrad had also seen most of what she had to offer. If it had been just the two of them, it would not have been all that big of a problem.
With Jarrad's cousin George here though, it was a different matter. Ashley barely knew him. The presence of George raised serious questions about how her brother Brad would react. More significantly she questioned her own nerve in the matter.
Ashley wanted to take it at least a notch further but she had already pushed her boundaries quite considerably since getting out of bed that morning. It seemed as if she had reached the limit. There did however seem to be a way in which she could keep her options open.
She abruptly stopped dancing and turned in the direction of the bathroom. "Got to make a quick stop. Be right back," Ashley announced over her shoulder as she hastened from the room.
Jarrad and George, thinking she was still commando, dejectedly assumed that Ashley was going to the bathroom to put her panties on. Brad, not realizing she had ever taken them off, assumed that she simply needed to take a pee. When Ashley returned to the den a few minutes later, the guys all assumed she was wearing panties, but... she had actually removed and left them in the bathroom.
Ashley immediately resumed dancing. She waved her arms over her head and bent and squatted, repeatedly raising the hem of her lone garment to the point of nearly exposing herself. The guys were ready to explode from the teasing they were getting, even though they assumed Ashley was wearing panties. She for her part did nothing to change their thinking.
But Ashley's 'almost' flashes were not so much to tease the guys as it was for her to build her courage. As she danced, she flicked loose a couple more buttons. The shirt was being held together now, by only two buttons, one at her waist and the other a little lower, but Ashley had a plan,ifher brother Brad didn't go ballistic and,ifshe could get up the nerve.
She beckoned for her brother Brad to join her. "I need someone to dance with me," Ashley said. Brad got up from the couch and gyrated toward Ashley expecting to continue the up-tempo dance apart from his sister. She surprised him though by helping him to put his arms around her waist, bumping their bodies together to the beat of the music.
Brad's hands dropped lower, where he should have been able to feel panties, but didn't. He was shocked. "You uh... took your panties off," he stammered.
Ashley put her hands between them and undid the last two buttons. She didn't open the shirt all the way but she did open it a few inches, more at the top, and pressed her mostly exposed body against Brad's. Jarrad and George guessed that her bare tits were pressed against Brad's chest but the shirt still hid the fact that she was also without panties.
Ashley put her arms around Brad's neck and looked directly at him. "Uh huh," she replied to his question, "Are you okay with it?"
"Uh, yeah," answered Brad, "But are you?"
Ashley was shaking. "Actually, I'm scared shit-less, or couldn't you tell, but I am okay... or at least I will be if you're not going to get mad."
"No... I'm not going to get mad. It's your body. You do what you want with it."
Ashley pulled the shirt open a little more, still blocking all but Brad's view of her nudity. She leaned back, inviting her brother to look. "Do youlikewhat I'm doing with it?"
"Well, I am your brother and I know I'm not supposed to -" Brad studied his sister. "But yes... yes I do," he replied.
Ashley closed the gap between them and continued grinding her body against her brother's until the song ended. As they broke apart, she pulled the shirt together and held it closed with one hand. As Brad turned toward the couch she motioned to Jarrad.
Speaking loudly enough to be heard over the music, Ashley said to George, "You're next but I got to get your cousin's permission first."
"My permission?" Jarrad asked as he joined Ashley in the center of the room.
Ashley positioned herself so that her back was pretty much to her brother and George with Jarrad a foot or so in front of her. She turned loose of the shirt and let it fall open, leaving a sliver of bare flesh all the way down her front side. "I wanted to make sure you had a chance to say no before I danced with George."
Jarrad noticeably gulped. "I see that youdidn'tput the panties back on," he said as he opened the shirt further. Ashley watched Jarrad's eyes as they examined her naked body. Then his arms went around her waist. He closed his hands on her bare cheeks and pulled her to him.
Ashley leaned back, successfully maintaining a slight separation between them. This was about as far as her imaginings had gone. She was now in uncharted waters. Still puzzled by Jarrad's comment, she asked quite sincerely, "Do you want me to put them on?"
"Oh no! I just thought that was why you went to the bathroom."
"So you're okay with how I am then."
Jarrad ran his hands up the sides of Ashley's bare body. Taking hold of the shirt he slipped it off her shoulders.
Ashley trapped the shirt with her arms and kept it from falling to the floor. She was startled by Jarrad's action. "What do you think you are doing?" she demanded.
"I was answering your question," Jarrad replied evenly."
Thinking maybe she had already gone too far, Ashley protested, "Well I'm not taking it off." Stretching her arms around Jarrad's neck she made sure the shirt could drop no further. "So dance with me... unless you'd rather I just danced with my brother and your cousin."
Jarrad didn't answer. He grabbed hold of Ashley's butt-cheeks and resumed dancing. George's cell-phone rang, just loud enough to be heard above the music. He looked to see who was calling and shouted, "Quick, turn the music down. It's mom."
Ashley unwound herself from Jarrad, shrugged the shirt back over her shoulders and closed it with one hand while stepping to the entertainment center and turning it down.
"Yes, mom," they heard George say. They could only hear his end of the conversation. "But right now... But I thought we weren't leaving until tomorrow morning... So we've got to then... I'll get Jarrad to bring me back... Yes, mother, I'll be right there... Yes, okay, bye."
George turned dejectedly toward the others. "You're not going to believe this. Dad got a call. There's an emergency at the plant and he's got to get right back. We're leaving as soon as Jarrad can get me back to the house."
"Well, I certainly don'twantto believe it," Jarrad snapped, "But if we must, we must."
Ashley was not too happy with the situation either. "You're coming back though," she said to Jarrad.
He looked longingly at the temptingly clad Ashley and said, "You know I want to, but probably not today." He added in explanation, "I promised my mother I would help her with some stuff as soon as George was gone. I'm sure she'll hide my keys until I'm done and by then your parents will be home."
Ashley continued to hold the shirt closed as she followed Jarrad and his cousin to the door. Opening it she implored, "Call me?"
"Sure," responded Jarrad, "But probably not until later tonight."
George spoke urgently to get a few words in before the door closed. "Jarrad was right. You are hot and I'm coming back -- real soon."
"You do that," Ashley said to George, "You owe me a dance."
"Right," said George as Jarrad closed the door in his face.
Back in the den, Ashley sat down next to Brad. Her shirt was still unbuttoned and she let it fall open a couple of inches. "It's probably best they had to leave when they did."
"How so?"
"I think Jarrad was wanting things to progress a little further than I was ready for."
"But you would have stopped him."
Ashley turned toward Brad. She studied his eyes as he tried to see past the edges of the shirt. "Probably not," she replied.