Part 1: I acted without thinking, and found out I'm a freak.
Part 2: I gave in to the urges, and put myself in position to be seen masturbating
This is Part 3 of a young man discovering himself through public masturbation.
It had been a week since I put on a show, jerking my cock while hanging out of my buddy's upstairs bedroom window for the world to see.
I had relived that scene over and over in my head, and shot a dozen loads since that night. Was it the public exposure that did it for me? Was it the risk? Was it the chance of being seen? Maybe it was all of that.
I'd have plenty of time to find out, because I knew I'd be exploring this new found kink for a long time.
It was Friday night, and a bunch of us met up to play some cards at our buddy Tom's place. Tom lived with his dad in this killer house on a wooded lot at the top of a hill overlooking a big park on the edge of town.
We always ended up at Tom's place. His dad inherited a bunch of money and property, so it was easy going at their house. His dad let us get away with any and everything imaginable. He no doubt loved the constant parade of hot young sluts that marched through there nearly every weekend, and the place was always stocked with booze.
Everyone drank like it was our job. We shot pool, played drinking games, skinny-dipped in their hot tub, you name it. The parties always lasted until the wee hours, and always ended with passed out people all over the place. Every bedroom would sing with sounds of sex.
It was not at all uncommon for 2 or 3 couples to grind it out at a time all over the house. Nobody cared. Everyone played. I had my first 2 girl blowjob there. I fingered a girl while she gave her boyfriend head while those 2 wonderful girls made out with my dick, all in the same bed. Anything goes, we just didn't talk about it the next day. Those were the rules.
As wild and loose as we played things, it was all still pretty vanilla, in the sense that everybody played the normal gender roles. I am pretty sure that Tom's dad caught a blowjob here or there. A few of the girls liked to "try to make him uncomfortable", and he played right along (despite being 30 years their senior).
Anyway, there we were on a Friday night. There were 7 or 8 of us around the table playing poker, drinking beers, and smoking cigars. It was a guy's night (there wasn't a pussy within 1000 yards, as the girls were at Hilton Head for the week).
You know the scene. You've probably lived it a bunch of times yourself.
As the night wore one, and people lost their seats at the poker table, the drinking turned up a notch. Guys started dropping like flies. By 3:00AM, we were all piled in a couple of the rooms in various states of passed out.
There were guys that passed out early, only the have shit drawn on their face with markers. There were eyebrows shaved off of a few unlucky guys. The place smelled like spilled beer and campfire. The house was a symphony of snoring and Tupac (still banging away on the speakers.
I sat up and slid my ass to the edge of the bed. I woke up a little out of sorts, and took stock of the room around me. There were 2 other guys passed out in the bed I was on. On the floor, 2 more of our buddies were were curled up passed out.
I had to piss like mad, and my cock was rock hard (which is probably the only reason I hadn't pissed my pants). I went to the bathroom and pissed in the shower. As hard as I was, I had no chance of pissing in the toilet successfully.
My dick felt great in my hand as I shook off the last few drops of piss. I immediately decided I was going to jack off, but I didn't want to do it there in the bathroom. You never new who might show up to use the toilet. So, I quietly walked back into the bedroom. Everybody was out for the count.
I stood in the middle of that dark bedroom and tried to decide my next move. It was late (or early). I wasn't trying to climb back in that bed. I also really wanted to jack on my cock and shoot a load. Literally at the same time as I thinking about it, I felt the cool air on my dick.
I looked down to my crotch, and was somehow surprised to see my own hand start slowly tugging on my cock.
What the fuck was I doing? The guys in the room were all my close friends. What if one of them woke up? What would I do?
I felt my sack tighten up like a vacuum against my balls. I could feel my balls pulling in tightly as the cum boiled. I slid my off hand slowly down my stomach and along my left thigh, hooking my waistband. I widened my stance and started taking shorter shallower breaths as I closed in on my building orgasm. My mind was completely blank. As I picked up my pace and started pounding my cock in my right hand, my fist slamming into my lap, I slid my shorts all the way down allowing them to drop in a pile around my ankles.
I stood there in the middle of that room drunk on the pleasure I was giving myself. I was seconds from release when I turned to stand over my buddy Beau's body and aimed my dick toward the bed. I had to cum so badly, it ached. But, I refused to let it happen. The denial driving me ever higher.
Inside my head, I head myself say, "Now". The first signs of cum had been falling in long strands as it leaked from the tip of my cock and fell onto Beau's body below me. The first rope of sticky cum shot from my cock almost 3 feet, hitting Beau on his shirt and also the bed. I remember the light drumming sound as it hit the sheets on the bed. I stepped forward and shot the next 2 ropes across the bodies of both of my friends on the bed.
Without so much as a thought, I squatted and fired the next few ropes onto Beau's back as he slept. I whipped my dick in my fingers flinging the remnants onto Beau before I stood back upright. I reached down and squeezed a pearly white bead onto my finger, and rubbed it into my lips.
I pulled up my shorts and walked to the door. What had I done? Suddenly realizing what just happened, I snuck out of there in a hurry.
Nobody ever said a word about it if they knew.
That was hot as fuck, but my night wasn't over.
I grabbed my stuff and hopped in my car. I pulled out of the drive and headed down the hill to the stop sign. "What now", I said to myself.
I was still drunk on the thoughts of what I had just done. It was too early to go home, so I turned left onto the state route and headed out of town. My hand slipped down between my legs, and my cock instantly answered.
It was the darkest part of night in the middle part of the summer. My windows were down, but the air was hot and sticky. The road I was on was mostly empty this close to 4:00AM, but it was a connector to an interstate about 10 miles up the road. That meant the only traffic I was likely to see would be a semi truck every few minutes.
I thought about how I had bold I had been earlier that night and fished out my cock. I needed to cum again. I pulled off at the intersection with an old country road and turned around. I pulled up to the stop sign and put it in park. There were no houses around, so I knew I'd be safe.
I decided to get out of the car. I had done it before, and I was in the middle of nowhere this time. My cock was already as hard as marble. I slowly let spit leak from my mouth, a thick strand of drool pooling in my palm. I grabbed a handful of cock and slowly began coating the length of it in slick spit. Sticky cum remnants mixed with my spit to make my cock glisten in the ambient light from my car's headlights.
From where I stood, I could see a quarter mile or more down each road. There was no chance of being caught. Even if somebody drove by, I'd have a ton of time to pack up and drive away unseen.
I spit in my hand again, and now my cock was drenched in saliva. I gripped the base of my shaft in my left hand and pulled the skin on my dick as tight as a drum head. I pumped blood into my massively swollen prick and clamped my left fingers tight around the base trapping it. Veins bulged out from the tightened skin all over my cock.
I polished my slippery hard on with my right hand, pulling from the head to the base, releasing, and pulling again. I zoned out as I worked my dick in a game of denial, teasing the cum, building the pressure.
That's when I saw the night sky start to brighten down the state route. There was a vehicle coming, I just couldn't see it yet. I kept stroking as I waited.
Yellow lights popped up over the slight rise down the highway before the headlights came into view. It was a semi, a poor late night trucker eating up the empty road.
I slipped my dick back in my shorts and hopped in the car. I grabbed the wheel, but didn't put the car in gear. Instead, I reached for the handle and opened my door. I climbed back out of the car and looked down the road. The semi was in full view now. His was the only vehicle in sight. He'd be passing me in 30 seconds.
I was at a stop sign, and my car was partially blocked from he view by a hill as he approached from my right side. I could see the rig growing as it approached.
My cock was already straining in my hand as I stroked. When did that happen? I allowed my shorts top slide down below my knees as I pulled off my tank top. The truck was closing in as I started to walk forward toward the front of the car.
Somewhere in my subconscious, I must have decided I wanted this trucker to see me stroking my cock. I had determined I would put myself out there and leave it up to the trucker to notice. He was almost on me as I passed my front bumper and into the brightness of my headlights. I turned my body to the right so they could see me head on. My left hand slid up to my chest; my index finger and thumb pinched and rolled my left nipple as I furiously pulled on the cock in my right hand.
I suddenly realized I had overestimated how close he was. I had an instant of urge to dive for cover, but I was too far gone. There I stood, practically naked, in the light of my car's headlights, groping myself and stroking myself stupid as he approached, still 100 meters out.
The next moment, I was nearly blinded as the trucker switched on his high beams. I continued his show. Next, I heard the low growl of his engine brake, meaning he had taken his foot off the accelerator. Jets of cum shot out of my cock like a Roman candle. As he came passed me, he bumped his air horn as cum continued to pulse from my cock. It was surreal!
As he went by me, I was suddenly awash in red light from his brake lights. He was stopping!
I yanked up my pants and bounced back into my car. I threw it in gear and pulled forward through the intersection, but covering my right hand and still leaking weakly from my cock head.
I had to get the fuck out of there before he stopped that rig! As I pulled away, the lights from his breaks disappeared as he continued down the road.
I made it! But what the fuck was wrong with me. In just a few weeks I had become some sort of sexual deviant. I knew I had gotten lucky, and that I could never do that again.
Of course I did it again. I've done it at least 100 more times since then, always trying to outdo myself from previous sessions.
The question remained though, and I needed to figure out what to as up with my behavior.
Before long, I would know why. I had no idea how far I was willing to push it, but that's a story for next time.