Him: going there on business
Him: flight gets in at 715 I'm staying at the Hilton
Her: Pick you up at the airport?
Her: Or meet you at the hotel?
Him: I'll take a cab to the hotel and expense it
Him: unless you'd like to show up at the airport wearing something slutty ;)
Her: Just how slutty were you thinking?
Him: dunno.
Her: 'Fine for public consumption, but slightly too small halter top' slutty?
Her: 'Wouldn't normally wear in public but at least it hides my nipples lingerie' slutty?
Him: mmmmm
Him: lingerie is nice
Him: but that halter top is better
Him: the one with all those little hooks down the front
Her: I can do that.
Him: and I can undo it :)
* * * * * * *
He came through the doors from baggage claim and glanced about the room. He knew what she looked like, but wasn't scanning faces. There. He would spot that cleavage from 100 yards, and after seeing so many pictures of it, he knew exactly who it belonged to. He didn't even have to look at her face to confirm. He did look at her face, though, returning her very welcoming smile.
She bit her lip as he walked across the arrivals hall. He noticed that, while his cock was busy noticing the way she kept running her hand self-consciously across the wide expanse of her half bared breasts. Of course, his cock had been thinking of that those breasts the entire flight--he'd had to use the tiny airplane washrooms twice on the way up to jerk it back down. Airplane seatbelts and hard-ons just don't mix.
He dropped his luggage next to her and pulled her into a tight hug, enjoying, finally, the feeling of having her tits pressed against him. They were by no means the only thing he fantasized about, but they did take up a healthy minority of his morning masturbation time.
Her hands fluttered nervously for a moment before stopping, one around his neck and the other firmly planted on his ass. "Hey, there, cutie," she breathed into his ear.
"Hey, yourself," he responded, not so accidentally brushing his hands against her tits as he pulled free of the embrace. Thank god for tight jeans, or the whole airport would be seeing his cock right now. The amused grin on her face told him that she had noticed, even if no one else had.
She grabbed the smaller of his two bags and waved him forward. "I'm parked this way."
* * * * * * *
They didn't really say anything as they walked to the far corner of the parking garage. There were a few mumbled directions while they loaded his luggage into the trunk, but no real conversation. Once they were actually in the car, he turned to her and started speak, but was cut short by the sight of her slowly undoing her top.
Each tiny hook revealed more of her pleasingly rounded breasts. As the first nipple pulled free of the confining fabric, he was compelled to clutch his cock through his jeans. She shifted slightly in her seat, turning to face him. "I thought you might like to see these now."
His only answer was a sort of strangled grunt. She leaned over and moved his hand from his crotch to her breast, and replaced it with one of her own. That brought their faces nearly to touching, so he leaned a little closer and caught her lips with his. She moved into the kiss, and he pulled on her lips with his teeth to match the way he pulled on her nipples with his fingers.
He moved his lips from hers to her breasts. She used her free hands to feel for the snap and zipper to his jeans and spread them open. She pulled his cock into the gap, covered only by the flimsy fabric of his boxers.
The insistence with which he was ministering to her breasts pushed her back towards the door. He leaned further towards her, bracing one hand on the steering wheel to keep himself steady. She couldn't reach his cock from that angle, and instead devoted her attention to lifting her breasts up to his anxious lips.
He'd spent so many months staring at pictures of those gorgeous tits. Imagining what they'd taste like. Imagining how heavy they'd feel in his hands. Imagining running his tongue around and over and around those nipples.
That he was actually doing all of that seemed slightly unreal. The ache in his leg from leaning over the gear shift maintained his tenuous grip on reality. In his fantasies, they'd always been situated comfortably--on a bed, on a couch, occasionally on top of his kitchen table. But the pain was worth it. Damn near anything was worth it for tits like those.
He was just switching his attention from left to right, when her body stiffened under him and she let both breasts fall from her hands. Looking up to her face, he saw her staring out across his shoulder. Half turning, he saw what she saw—a mini-van had parked next to them, and the driver was staring in at them.
From the slight, hunched movements of the driver's arm, he guessed the guy was actively enjoying the show. "Relax," he murmured, "Tits like yours should be seen by as many people as possible. Let him watch."
Her body was still tensed, but she nodded, and moved forward until she was half kneeling, half sitting. Her breasts were in easy reach of his lips and easy view of the driver in the next car over. The move also brought his cock back within arm's length, and she pushed her hand inside his boxers.
He felt her muscles loosen and her grip on his cock tighten as he went back to sucking, teasing and nibbling at her breasts. He continued in the same vein for several minutes, until he heard the door of the van open behind him.
They both laughed as they watched the driver jump out, struggling to stuff his hard cock back in his pants, do up his zipper, close the door and answer his cell phone at the same time. As he dashed off, cock still half hanging out, she giggled, "I bet his wife's flight just got in."
"At least he'll be happy to see her," he declared.
The distraction gone, she guided his head back to her chest, while he pressed her hand firmly back around the shaft of his cock. Her smooth, rhythmic motions and changes of direction and pressure nearly matched his own usual pattern. She'd clearly been paying very close attention during all those webcam sessions.
It took only a minute or two for him to reach the breaking point. The first spurt landed on the dash, but she moved his head out of the way and redirected the next two onto her breasts. As he relaxed and enjoyed the orgasm, she reached a finger over and flicked up the spray from the dash. She massaged the slightly sticky mess into her breasts and then started to slowly refasten the hooks in her top.
When she had half of them refastened, with her nipples tucked somewhat unsafely back inside, he reached over and stopped her hands. "Leave the rest," he directed. "Somebody ought to brighten the parking lot attendant's day."