Truck drivers have a life of long hours on the highways and back roads doing nothing but driving and getting goods to where they have to go. Long hours with not much excitement, unless you count idle chatter on the cb radio excitement?
The other day however got a little exciting though. Driving down the highway in a stretched Peterbilt hauling a load of dry goods to the next stop, a little red convertible came up along side. I looked down and in the drivers seat was a gorgeous redhead. She looked up at me, gave me a grin and pulled her top off to the side to show off her beautifully rounded right tit, and oh how nice it was!!
After showing the beauty of her chest to me. She began to pull her summer dress up, I was wanting to see a mound of red hair down there as well, but what she showed me was even better. Nothing but smooth skin!! I could see it glisten in the sun and wondered how wet she was getting at the excitement of showing off her "goods". She stayed right along my Pete as we went down the highway.
She began to caress and rub her inner thigh moving up as she went, seductively getting close to where it was getting wetter. She ran her fingers over the wet folds of her pussy and tilted her head back as she did. Rubbing her clit and smiling while she went.
As I watched her I pulled my stiffening shaft out and began to gently stoke it. I was hoping for a rendezvous with her and didn't want to "let go" if there was an off chance. I stroked and fondled my nuts at the same time, watching, wishing. I motioned for her to pull off at the next exit and to my surprise she nodded yes!!
Pulling off she was in front and we came to a stop on the shoulder. She got out and walked back to the passenger side of the truck and climbed in. As she did she saw my rock hard cock standing at attention and reached over to have a feel. I asked if she'd like to go in back, and so we did..
Once we were in back not many words were said, we both knew what we wanted.. Sex!! I pulled her into me and we began to kiss and fondle one another. Groping her ass and liking how firm it was. She had long slender legs that went on forever, tits that we're perfect and that long red hair!! She smelled delicious, her perfume was sweet and mild but I smelled "her" the most, she was pretty wet and I could smell the perfume she was making!!
I laid her down on the bed in back, rigs are nice that they have a built in bed!! Her wetness in sight, already on my knees I leaned over and kissed her inner thigh, going from to the other. Working my way towards the beautiful scent of her. As I got closer she started to breathe harder, slight bit of a moan. When my tongue touched her for the first time she arched her back and lifted herself off the bed and gasped for air. I didn't stop and kept on licking, sucking. Tasting her juices as she bucked against my mouth. Tongue flicking her clit brought her to a loud moan and heavy panting quick.
Not wanting climax yet, I broke away and kissed my way up towards her full and firm breasts, nipples stuck outward and were hard and ready to be suckled.. As I got close to her neck I could feel my hard on touch her soft flesh, hot warm and inviting it slid in with a little help. She let out a scream as it slid in. In and out till it was all the way inside her. It was warm and wet and felt so good, on the road a person can get lonely ya know. Felt good to be with her and liking redheads helps too.
As we were going at it she was getting wetter with every push, she was moaning furiously and I thought she would cum any moment. I pumped harder and faster until she let go. Screaming, moaning and gasping for air as she did, feeling her muscles clamp onto my cock gave me the arousal and final push and within a few more strokes I shot my load into her.
As we lay there wrapped into one another she simply said, thanks for the ride!!