"I'm here!"
"I can see that." Bryan Colby the tall blond haired man in a ball cap, jeans, boots, and a short sleeved button down met her after tying his horse to a small tree in his yard. He kept enough distance not to spook his steed at the revving of Greg Birch's Harley. Bryan made his way to meet Paige and Greg in the gravel driveway. "Mister Turner?"
"No. Daddy had to meet my Mom this morning. This is my Uncle Greg. He volunteered to drop me off. I love your farm." She looks at every intriguing facet of it. Bryan had his shirt unbuttoned half way offering a view of a chiseled chest with very little hair. A chain dangled around his neck showing off dog tags.
"Military?" Greg winced. Bryan realizes his observation and lifts the dog tags.
"My Dad's actually. He served in Desert Storm. Humvee blew up. He and two others died that day."
"Awwww!" Paige melts into him with a tender hug. Bryan smiles and pats her back. Greg nods his own respect.
"Sorry to hear that. I'm sure he was a good man." Greg offered his condolences.
"Thanks. He was a good soldier. Growing up without him around was tough. My Mom did her best. I think I turned out alright."
"Didn't wanna enlist and carry on for him?"
"I couldn't leave my Mom. She...took it pretty hard. Emotional problems."
"Awwwwwwwwwww!" Paige liked hugging Bryan. He smelled really good. His body was ripped but not as over abundant as Josh was.
"All these hugs...I think she likes ya." Greg smirks.
"I hope so."
"I think she's in good hands. I'm gonna head home. Give me a call if you need anything Punk."
"Thanks Uncle Greg. I love you."
"Love you to Kid."
Walking his bike backwards to straighten out Greg roared the bike back to life and rode off into the early morning sun. Reclaiming his helmet from her saved his eyes. Harsh UV directly in his path.
"Your Uncle seems nice."
"He is. Greg isn't my true Uncle but I've known him since I was a baby. I don't know my real Uncles very well. One lives in Texas, the other on my Mommy's side lives in Kentucky."
"Too bad. You smell delicious Paige."
She smiled thinking to herself, "I hope he doesn't smell Uncle Greg's cum. I sprayed perfume on after I wiped him off." She grins still hugging him. Her chin on his chest looking up over her glasses at his warm smile, "You smell really good too."
"Come on I'll introduce you to Applejack."
"Okay." She follows him hand in hand back to the tethered horse. Calming the steed Bryan allows her to pet his nose. The horse took an immediate liking to her. "Am I riding this horse?"
"We both are. You said you were afraid to be on a horse alone. Room in the saddle for both of us."
"Can I ride in front this time? I rode in back behind Greg on the way here."
"Sure you can. Give me your back pack I'll tie it to the saddle. Might be more comfortable on me not having a pack in my chest all the way there."
"I want to be comfortable too. I might want to use you as a back rest." She giggles.
"You're welcomed to lean on back anytime you like." He blushed a bit himself saying it. Fidgeting a bit he takes his ballcap off and fans it about. "Paige? I gotta ask...the other night you messaged me with a video that sounded a lot like you were...using a toy."
"I was." She turns red lowering her gaze with a thin smile.
"No shit?"
"I couldn't help myself. I think you're soooo cute."
"You're pretty damned hot yourself Red."
"I can be hotter if I put my bikini on now." She blushes shyly.
"Go for it. It's hot as fuck out here as it is. Must be 98. You can change in the house."
"I can just go behind your car over there real fast. I won't take long."
"You act shy but somehow I don't think you're as bad as you let on."
"I really am shy." She shrinks in step with her chin on her left shoulder. "I...just...want you to really like me."
"You think I won't like you if you're too shy?"
"Maybe." She fidgets.
"So...you believe you can win me over by being open."
"Kind of..."
He ponders her revelations and considers how to make this reaction useful. He like any man wanted things his way without being pushy. Sighing he shrugs slightly, "I do like a girl that can be openminded."
"I fantasize about being really open. That's why I mentioned putting on my bikini for the ride to the lake."
"Tell me about these fantasies Paige Turner." He smirks.
Her eyes flare and she holds a set of fingers over her mouth as she giggles. "I have a whole diary of fantasies. I don't...know where to start."
"Tell you what...you go over there beside my car and change into that bikini. Think about what you want me to know. I'll stay here with Applejack." He passes her pack which had Hello Kitty emblems all over the outside back to her. She unzips it and takes the bikini out giving him the backpack to hold until she returned. She shyly points toward the car and wiggles away. Bryan chuckles and rubs the snout of his horse. Peering into her opened bag he discovers the box of condoms. Looking up with a pucker he mumbles.
"This just might turn out to be a good day Applejack."
Hidden behind the car, she removes her white laced heels, then wiggles her jeans down over her legs, stepping out of them. Folding them up she sits them on the roof. Her red lowcut shirt pulled up over her head is neatly folded and set on top of the jeans. This left her totally nude. She looks for Bryan, covering herself with her hands as a sudden breeze claims the thin bikini pieces and blows them off the roof and over the trunk of the car. Bryan had moved away from Applejack and chose to chase down her bikini. Capturing them he stands tall looking back to see her with an arm over her chest and a hand in her lap. She was beet red and gnashing her teeth.
"Missing something?" He chuckles and gives up being respectable. Moving directly in front of her he hands her the bikini. Her hand lifts away from her thighs allowing him to peek at her arrow pubes. She too gave up and just let him see her full frontal.
"Openminded. Openminded. Openminded." She chants nervously. He grins and assisted her in tying her top on by moving behind her. His eyes checking out her creamy heart shaped bottom. Once tied she slips her bottoms through her legs and adjusts them as he tied her left hip, she her right. Once on the bands crept between her cheeks. Bryan whistles at her.
"Looking sexy Paige Turner. Burgundy suits you. Matches your blushing."
She pouts and points at him, "Don't make fun of me."
"Not even. No underwear I notice." He grabs her clothing to carry for her. She follows him barefooted back to Applejack. He had hung her pack over the saddle horn. Reaching up to remove the bag she stuffs her things inside it. She begins to put her sandals on until he stops her. "Might as well leave those in the bag. No reason to lose one on the trail and have to hop down and retrieve it."
"Good idea." She smiles. "As far as wearing underwear I don't really like wearing any. Besides I was hoping you might notice I wasn't wearing any."
"Ohhh! I noticed no bra for certain. Can't hide those high beams." He winks.
"My nip nips?" She giggles.
"My truck and horse trailers at the lake. I had a buddy bring me home early this morning. We have snacks, drinks, bug spray, a big ole blanket for you to tan on, lotion, oil." He snickers, "Even a beach umbrella in case the sun gets too much for you."
"You thought of everything."
"I aim to please. ready to ride?"
"Yesss."
"Put your left foot in this stirrup. I'll lift you up into the saddle." She cooperates feeling his big hands grab her hips and hoist her up. Clumsily she throws her right leg over the saddle. Bryan got a quick peek between her legs. Her bottoms tightening up into her labia. Damn sexy he thought.
Once she sat upright she made a silent "Woohoo!"
"Mind if I lose my shirt? Sweating up a storm here." He unbuttons his shirt and removes it. Her eyes flare behind her glasses at the sight of his chiseled chest.
"Gosh! You...have a muscular chest."
"Farm boy pride. This is what bailing hay does to a guy." He chuckles and slithers his shirt through a saddle loop tying it off so it wouldn't get lost. Reaching in front of her to grab the saddle horn he steps into the stirrup and swings up in behind her. She scoots forward with her legs wide. The horn with his hand brushed up against her tiny bikini patch. She whimpers.
"Big...saddle horn."
Laughing he positions himself closer to her ass. She wiggles for comfort up to him. With a shiver she shyly peers over her shoulder. "Is that another saddle horn between us?"
"That would be my penis."
"Big..." She giggles and feels his arms reach around her. His right arm untethering the reins from a tree branch.
"Here we go Paige Turner." He makes a ticking noise that prompts Applejack to begin his journey. She was nervous, worried she might fall off her bare feet dangling without stirrups to hold them. His boots were in those. "Don't worry I've got you. Just relax."
"This is awesome." She lays back against his chest shyly. He guides her back further as he reverses the ballcap on his scalp. With each step her tits jostled about as he glared over her shoulder at them. The first leg of the ride led them down the path leading to his home. Crossing the main road after waiting for a few cars to pass, cars that waved and admired Paige in her bikini, he headed down another path into a thicket of trees and shrubs. Alone now Bryan sniffs her hair.
"That peaches?"
"I live for peach. Shampoo, body spray, perfume. I even eat a lot of peaches." She giggles as his nose tickles her ear.
"So lets get back to those fantasies."
"Oh...okay."
"Leading up to our meeting what were you fantasizing about?"
"Oh my gosh. A lot of things. How you might touch me. Kiss me. What we might do at the lake."
"Tell me about those." He nuzzles her red hair gently.
"I...imagined your big hands caressing me."
"Where?"
"E-everywhere." She bites her lower lip and shivers.
'Like this?" His left hand leaves the reins to lightly run his fingers along her left arm down to her wrist then back up to her shoulder.
"Yes. That gave me gooseybumps."
"That child like voice is really sensual."
"Is it?"
"Keep that up."
"Okay."
"Here, you hold the reins. Don't tug right or left you'll confuse Applejack. Just keep a firm grasp on them and let him do his thing."
"I'll try."
As she accepts the reins Bryan now uses both hands to caress her arms. He could feel her tremble. Fingers lightly grip her bicep as he lowers his chin to kiss her shoulder and neckline. Whispering to her he asks, "Did I kiss you like that?"
"Yessss." She sighs.
"Did I do this?" His arms surround her, his left hand rolling up from her clavicle to tenderly clutch her throat. She loved it as her head tilts toward him. His right hand going below her chest to palm he tight silky abs.
"Yessssss."
"Was I bolder than this?"
"Much bolder." She whispers closing her eyes at his warm lips on her shoulder. This led his hand from her abs upward, slithering fingers beneath her right breast cup to squeeze her tit. Fingers lightly circling the areola.
"Was I this bold?"
"You were so much bolder than this." She breathes heavily.
Tugging her bikini top up over both breasts he moved both hands in for the kill squeezing them, crushing them together. Pinching both nipples taunt.
"Oh my gosh Bryan. A-are you trying to make my fantasies come true?"
"I can't answer that unless you let me know what they are."
"You...took my top off."
His hands move behind her to untie her top and remove it completely. He ties it around the saddle horn. She whimpers and rubs her bare back tightly against his chest.
"Did I remove these bottoms too?"
"Yessssssss." She feels his fingers untie both sides of her bottoms and drag them from between her thighs. Tying them to the horn as well Paige Turner was riding Applejack in the nude. Bryan's touch then consumed her flesh. She melted into his kisses along her neck and earlobe. His hands roaming both of her breasts then down toward her pubes. Right hand petting her thin strip of fur before going lower. two fingers massage her clit. She moans softly. "Yes Bryan. Just like this."
"Did I put fingers up inside that pink little kitty?"
"Gosh yes. Two of them."
"Like this?" He curls his two middle fingers up into her hole and probes them about. She nearly lost the reins until Bryan did something unexpected. He removes his wet fingers and takes each end of the reins and ties them around the saddle horn freeing her to use her own hands. As his fingers returned to her pussy, his other hand wraps around her throat. Tilting her gaze he kissed her lips. She devoured him losing all focus on what was around them. Neither of them noticed a pair of hikers literally walking up the path toward them. A man and a woman in their late 20's. Seeing the riders in their passionate state they stopped and watched until Applejack walked right on by. The hiking couple held each other tightly smiling. Inspiration led to a romp in the grass.
As their kiss took a breather Paige flashed back to the carousel at the mall. Sitting forward he looks back at Bryan. "Can I face you?"
"Sure. I'll hold you , just carefully swing your right leg over Applejack's mane. Don't kick him. Then, curl your left leg over in front of me." She squeals lightly as her movement felt unbalanced. With his strong hands holding her she made her turn.
"Eeeep! Saddle horn up my butt." She giggles then settles into the saddle facing him. Her arms immediately surrounded Bryan's neck. A new lingering kiss became smoldering. His hands roaming her entire back side from shoulders to butt. Her own hands caressing his chest and his face at the same time.
Kiss broken but lips hovering he grins. "I have my own fantasies Paige."
"Tell meeeee!" She was giddy pecking his lips but not fully kissing him.
"I pictured you unfastening my pants and stroking my cock."
"Me tooo." She sighs at his bottom lip. Her hands drop to unbutton his jeans and zip him down. He lifts his hips just a bit to give her room to dig his beast out of his boxers.
Bryan's cock saw daylight, all ten inches of Pepsi bottle girth. His crown was purple and big. Her eyes lower to it as he kisses her forehead.
"Did I stroke him like this?" She whispers looking up over her glasses to study his reaction.
"You used both hands."
"Like this?" She surrounds his cock with her small hands and began jerking him off. His hand grips the back of her neck and drags her back into another steamy kiss. His other hand squeezing her left breast.
"Just like that. Lil faster." He parts lips just long enough to mumble his words.
For three minutes they kissed as Applejack continued his stride. They passed yet another couple of men who pointed and kept quiet. They didn't want to spook the couple and ruin their moment. The men were gay and were more intrigued by Bryan's beast. The men whispering, "Lucky bitch."
Ride continuing Paige drew away from Bryan's lips to kiss along his own throat and chest. He narrowed his eyes and watched the path ahead. He saw a clearing coming up and people moving around. The lake was in sight. He didn't want this to end. With a bit of daring he ignores the oncoming activity and allows her to keep jerking him off.
"Was I bolder still?" He murmurs.
"Yesssss." She was consumed by kissing his pecs.
Hands on her hips he raises her higher and coaxes her to straddle his cock the best she could. Pussy hovering over it he slowly nestles her labia on his crown, discovering her hole. He penetrated deep and held her spine as she gasped. Careful gyrations led to more kissing. Without being aware of her surrounding Bryan rode Applejack right into the park. Everyone who spotted them grew silent assisting in his lustful ride. Mostly guys and their jealous girls. The intimacy led the couples to consider their own rides. He saw his truck and trailer down the path near the camp site and pushed himself to continue regardless the risk.
Hearing a boat motor and a pair of jet skis Paige opened her eyes and discovered the lake, including the onlookers. Her eyes bulged as she darted her gaze to look at Bryan.
"Oh my God! Bryan...this was in my fantasy too."
"Keep riding that cock Paige Turner. We're almost at my truck."
"I don't want to stop. Let me cum in the saddle Bryan." She trembles heavily watching guys wave at her behind them. Girls too. By the lake she spotted her Father with binoculars. He was grinning from ear to ear. This made Paige meld back into Bryan. Holding his cheeks she kissed him fiercely. His ballcap toppled off and fell to the path. He didn't care. She was riding him as hard as humanly possible without spooking Applejack. With a squirming quake he felt Paige explode all over his cock and boxers. He wanted to nut too but knew that would be a bad idea, no condom on. Calming his nerves he kisses her longer calming her with warm palms up and down her spine.
As they gravitated in the saddle, Applejack stopped at the trailer. He knew his second home anywhere. Both huffing at their feat Bryan pats her butt. "I think we're here."
"A lot of people are watching us. I think I'm going to pee." She hides herself shyly using him as a shield.
"I can't get down and hide you at the same time." He shakes his head trying not to laugh.
"Where's my bikini?"
Bryan untangles the reins from the bikini pieces and lets her put her top on, regretting the loss of skin already. He then climbed off leaving her bottomless to tether Applejack's reins to a post. He took the bottoms with him after helping her down. She pouted as he walked away with her bottoms. Grabbing her pack from the horse she uses it to cover her lower half against a good eight sets of unfamiliar eyes. Beet red she watches Bryan go to his truck unlocking it, to toss the bottoms in the seat. As she steps next to him in the opened door she whimpers. "Why did you put my bottoms in the truck?"
"Bag goes in too." He snatches it from her hand as her jaw drops. "Hand over your top."
"What?" She loved the idea but put on her best game face to appear shocked.
Swallowing as she looks around her at eyes she notes his pants still unzipped and his cock dangling. That was inspiring enough. Hands behind her she unthreads the strings and removes the bikini bra. He takes it and tosses it in the seat too.
"My fantasy has you running naked in camp for all to see."
"Really? Bryan...I'm scared. So many people looking at me."
"Come on Paige, you're not that shy. Good act though." Door slams shut and he uses his remote to lock the door. "Cooler in the bed. Want a beer?"
"No." She sheepishly pouts.
"Can of pop? Bottled water?"
"Water."
As he leads her to the bed she hides herself with her arms again, watching as he digs into an ice chest, handing her a bottle. He then hops up to sit on the truck bed observing her shy approach at opening her water bottle and taking a sip.
"Relax, I won't let anyone hurt you."
"I...feel really safe with you. I'm just...let me get used to this."
"Got all day Paige Turner. I think you're going to open up just fine."
A cleared throat distracts them as Lonnie approaches from the front of the truck. "Not trying to intrude on you kids but you dropped your hat back there." He approaches cautiously. Bryan nods with a grin, "I knew I was missing something. Thanks."
"Anytime. I hope you don't get offended but...well, this is a family lake."
"You might be the only guy out here complaining." Bryan puts his hat on and glances around.
"I'm not complaining." Lonnie chuckles. "I'm just saying have your fun just be wary of kids. Family picnicking just around those trees."
"I'll keep my eyes open. Thanks for the warning."
"I can keep a look out if you want. I was young once so I'm...well now." Lon rubs the back of his neck as Paige fondles Bryan's cock. Feeling her hand Bryan's attention is drawn to her shivering grin.
"Bryan?" She offers her kiddy like voice. "I fantasize about being watched."
Lonnie pats the side of the truck, "I'll leave you two alone."
Seeing her yearning eyes Bryan coughs, "Hey! You can hang a bit if you wanna."
"No shit? I dunno people might think I'm a pervert."
"Fuck those people and what they think. This girl is so hot that everyone out here is wishing they were me."
"Do you really think so?" Paige tugs his jeans and boxers lower to let his balls pop free. Bryan lifts his hips to give her yet another strong tug.
"Everyone I see is grinning up a storm."
"I think you're right." Lonnie scans the area. Of course half the guys looking were with girls who were getting turned on themselves. The other men were Josh's friends. Josh himself missing at the moment.
"You haven't cum yet." Paige tenderly leans down to kiss and lick Bryan's scrotum. That made Bryan shoot a beaming grin toward Lonnie.
"Isn't that a work of art? Watching those eyes sparkle as she's licking my nads?"
"No comment. She is pretty cute. You're a lucky fella."
"Well now you're lucky getting to watch her in action."
"Watch this." Paige giggles and molds her tongue around Bryan's bulbous ball sack and licks straight up his full ten inches of foreskin until she kisses the tip of his crown. She smiles brightly up at them then takes her glasses of setting them on the truck bed.
"Look at those big green eyes. She loves my cock."
Nodding viciously she wags her tongue on his urethra. Stroking his as her mouth widens and puckers around his crown, popping it off and going back for more.
"She's got talent." Lonnie knew it well. Bryan had no idea.
Bryan reaches out and caresses her long red hair, "Come on beautiful. Take it all in."
Nodding with a deep breath she rolls her lips around his girth and forces as much as she could down her throat, namely four inches. She tried for more but struggled. Bryan then palmed the back of her head and held her firm. "Little deeper. You can do it." She took in another very gagging inch and a half before panic mode. He released her scalp and gave her a chance to pull away in a web of saliva. Without waver she took a deep breath and went in again. She wanted to impress not just Bryan but her Father. At barely over six inches she chokes. He lets her pull away again. In her gasp she whimpers, "Morrrre. I can take more."
"Daaaaamn! Look at her go." Bry leers at Lonnie with pride. Lon nods with a puckered lower lip.
"She might just take it all."
"Doubt it. She's giving it a darn good shot though." She shocks him at 7 inches but vomits a bit. Pulling away she wipes her mouth and pouts. Bryan caresses her cheek, "Don't be upset. You did good." Lonnie saw a sensitive side to Bryan. That formed a bit of respect.
"I think I'm gonna get back to birdwatching. You kids have fun. Nice...meeting you."
"You too."
Lonnie walks away leaving Bryan to pull her up from her bent over position and kiss her again. He didn't care about that hint of vomit taste. Two minutes later she drank half of her water bottle.
"Suns high. Ready to lay out?"
"In front of everyone?"
"Why not?"
"I'm so white they're going to laugh at me."
"Not once I oil you up all shiny and sexy."
"I fantasized about that too." She bubbles up clapping her palms silently.
"There's that beautiful smile. See? You're opening up."
"I want to please you Bryan. Let me be your fantasy."
"You were the second I saw you on Tender in that cute Hello Kitty top." He kisses her once again. "Here?" He stretches behind him in the truck bed and drags forward a big red blanket. "Go roll this out in the sun. Let everyone see you. I'll grab the lotion first then oil you up."
Squealing she gathers the blanket and shyly marches out into a section of grass where there was no tree shade. Fanning the blanket out meant bending over to pull all four corners taunt. Guys and gals alike took interest in her cute little body. Her clam a think of beauty from behind. Dropping to her knees on the blanket she waves at everyone, blushing regardless of her bravado. His pants up and fastened Bryan Colby struts toward her as she sits up on her knees clapping at his arrival.
"Getting cozy with all these eyes now aren't you?"
"Yessss. This is sooo erotic."
"Stretch out on your belly let's lotion you up before you lobster."
"That would not be good." She sprawls out in a very sexy move forward. Ass in the air she wiggles it then falls flat, getting comfortable with her head laying in her arms. Bryan kneels beside her and holds the UV lotion over her squirting a lengthy stream on her backside. Setting the bottle aside he began massaging every inch of her. She loved his attentiveness. Rubbing lotion between her butt crack he puts a pinky in her pucker making her yelp. He grins at everybody watching. Eight people became ten. Bry was digging the scene. So was their audience.
Even people out on the lake were taking notice. Jet ski's were getting closer and pulling up to shore. The lakes shoreline was only about two hundred feet away. Standing by the lake Lonnie Turner nods at Josh and another friend who were on the jet ski's.
"How's our girl doing Big Daddy?" Josh chuckled crossing his arms over his overly muscular chest, while straddling his jet ski seat.
"Having fun it looks like. This Bryan guy seems to like challenging her. A good thing I think."
"So what's the plan? Oh, hey this is my buddy Vinny. Two more of my buds Pete and Donovan are over there by that picnic table. Looks to me like the whole area is enjoying this. Paige must be beet red by now."
"If not by her shyness the sun will make sure she's red. He's lotioning her up good but let's face it Snow White is gonna get a good burn."
"This close to her graduation you sure you want her to be that toasty?"
"Good point." Lonnie grits his teeth. "You sound like you care."
"I do care Lonnie. I might wanna teach her a few things and have some fun doing it, but I definitely got attached quick."
"Owning her is attached?" Lonnie shakes his head chuckling.
"Unless she's pulling my leg it sounded like she liked that idea."
"She just turned eighteen Josh. The kid barely knows what she wants from life. She's never even discussed what she wanted to be growing up."
"Don't take this wrong Big Daddy but I think she wants to do this for the rest of her life."
"Hooker? There's no money changing hands. This is just her getting experience. Bryan's her second date. Hell, you fucked my daughter silly her first date."
"I still laugh about her holding her teddy bear during sex."
"Whoever ends up with her long term better get used to that bear. She'll sleep with that until she's old and grey."
"Looks like her date rolled her over."
"Breaking out the baby oil." Vinny smirks.
Josh took more interest laughing. "This will get the neighbors riled up."
Bryan watches Paige roll over on to her back and close her eyes against the sun. He stands up for a vivid show as he straddles her legs and puts the squeeze bottle of baby oil over his crotch. Holding it like a dick he squirts a steady stream all over her chest and tummy.
"Rub it in as I squirt more on you." It appeared as if he were pissing on her. Guys in the background chuckled while the girls cooed. Their men hugged them from behind to keep their girls focused. They were definitely enjoying Bryan. His physique was just the type they themselves fantasized about. Tall, buff, blond, and blue eyed.
Paige arches her back and rolls her palms all over her. Squeezing her titties and pinching her own nipples. A shiny coat glistened in the sun. Her fingers slid down to massage her clit. Paige Turner was in love with this feeling of total freedom. Kicking her legs excitedly she opens her eyes to see Bryan's unique pose raining oil down on her. "You're peeing on me." She busted up laughing.
"Getting everyone's attention."
"You could really pee on me." She chuckled then raised a palm as if to say not really. He thought about that. Maybe later. "I want to see your dick again."
"In a minute. Keep getting shiny."
"Shine me. I want your hands not mine."
"Fuck it." He drops the bottle on to the blanket after capping it and kicks his boots off. He began swaying his hips like a male stripper and unfastened his pants. Around him he heard girls offer mental money. He grinned about at the cheering section. Unzipped he guides his pants down and tugs them off. Whipping them aside into the grass. Dancing a bit more lifting his ballcap off and swinging it in the air he uses his other hand to start nudging his boxers down. His attention more toward the girls in the crowd he didn't see Paige sit up and yank his boxers down over his primal beast. Seeing his ten inch cock every girl there pulled away from their men and rushed in for a closer look.
"Now that was unexpected." Josh was impressed.
"By the girls or his big dick?" Vinny ribbed his friend.
Josh frowned at Vinny. "You can be drowned in this lake."
"One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven." Lonnie counted out loud. "Snow White and the Seven Dwarves."
"Not many of those gals are tall. You might be on to something Lon." Josh nodded.
"Their guys might ruin this." Vinny winced, lifting his sunglasses.
"Maybe not. Looks more like their guys are having a blast watching them be fools."
Bryan continued his dance over Paige looking down at her giggling blush. She reached up and stroked his cock with slippery fingers. The sudden rush of girls a mere six feet from the blanket didn't faze Paige in the least. She merely devoted her attention to Bryan's swaying hips and wagging cock within her grasp. Her yearning gaze kept Bryan somewhat in tune. The other girls reacting as they were distracted him slightly. Paige repositioned on her knees and began using both hands to stroke him harder. Her mouth wide and hovering below his crown. She wanted to make him cum for everyone, especially herself. Knowing her Father was watching made her desires to go the extra mile even that much more intoxicating. She hadn't even realized Josh was there on his jet ski.
The girls spread out around the blanket for a better view. Nails were bitten. Hands were touching private parts. Some went so far as to praise him for his sexiness. Others commenting on how big his dick was. One even begging to help Paige. Paige merely shook her head no emphatically and jerked him off harder. She wanted this dick all to herself at the moment.
His knees were getting weak the closer she was bringing him to detonation. As he slowed his dancing and started to stagger two girlfriends took the chance and raced in to each side of Bryan and held him steady. Hands on his chest and lower abdomen. They prodded Paige on with a respected. "You can do it Sweetheart."
She was possessed suddenly, demanding Bryan's cum. Up close and personal she puckered her lips around his crown as her hands ferociously stroked him to a fitting conclusion. One girl daring to move her fingers down into his pubic hair with two fingers to each side of his cock. In a deadly snarl Bryan Colby blasted a froth of cum from his beast and coated Paige's pouty lips. Moving them away to show off his volcanic spew all across her nose, mouth, and chin. She refused to stop jerking him until she received every drop.
"Look at all that cum." The short brunette who had her fingers literally touching his cock at the quick. "Good job." She winked at Paige who fawned over his cock rolling it across her face smearing cum higher into her cheeks and brow. She wanted to show off.
Easing away Paige lays back and pours more oil on herself as the girls stood holding Bryan upright. Watching her Bryan whistled. "Thank ya Ladies. I think I have a job to finish." He hugs them from the side as they pat his bare ass. Watching Paige spread her legs while lifting them from the blanket, she literally pried her pussy lips apart expressing an entry point. Bryan slid to his knees between the two women and crawled over Paige sighing as he lined his dick up for penetration. He wasn't wearing a condom. She didn't care. Deep inside her he went. She arched her back and whimpered at his girth storming her senses. As he began fucking her the women above him were joined by the other five in a close up of Bryan's butt as his hips rammed Paige non stop. Bryan going so far as to lift Paige's legs higher for a deeper penetration. He knew the ladies were watching. He wanted to give them a show. In her current position Paige didn't need to worry about getting sunburnt. His shadow covered all of her.
A short haired blond with tattoos knelt beside them and got a birds eye view of Paige's emotions. The kid was squealing and moaning both. Her hands caressing Bryan's shoulders. Eyes opening she witnesses the woman at his side smiling at her. Blushing as Bryan continued fucking her with a steady rhythm, Paige spots the baby oil. Right hand leaving Bryan she plucks the bottle up and offers it to the blond. With a surprised look the blond accepted it and noted Paige pointing at Bryan's back. Impressed by the offer the blond stood up and moved behind Bryan in between the other women. The ladies giggled as the blond dared to oil Bryan's shoulders. Her palms glossing up his back Bryan chuckled at Paige. "You're something Paige Turner." She said nothing but drew him low for a kiss.
More girls dropped to their knees around Bryan and roamed his entire backside with slick oil. He had three sets of hands frolicking over his shoulders, back, and thrusting hips. His butt was patted a bit in the process. This attention made him harder than ever. Their men marveled at their girls having their fun. That was fine they were more interested in cute little Paige. As a group the guys stepped to the blanket over Paige and glared down at her bouncing titties. Noting their arrival Bryan smirked and reared up on his knees still pounding away. This gave the girls a chance to oil his chest and abs. The brunette that got handsy did so again teasing her nails in his pubic hair and letting two fingertips caress his thrusting beast. Bryan Colby beamed like a stud.
"Where's that oil Ladies?" The blond with brilliant blue eyes offers it up. Bryan holds it over Paige and coats her entire front. Casting the bottle aside he looks up at the guys. "Only fair I'm stealing your gals. Help my girl out."
The six men including Josh's two friends Donovan and Pete crouch around Paige and begin rubbing oil over her pores. Tits were squeezed. Nipples pinched. Tummy caressed down into her fiery red arrow. Paige was in pure ecstasy. Not once did anyone get in the way of Bryan's exhausting penetrations. Nor did Paige quiet down even a bit. She was squealing and rolling her eyes back into her head. Joshua's friend Donovan went low and actually massaged her clit. Bryan knew it and nodded his approval. Not that Donovan cared what Bry thought.
Paige Turner had a screaming orgasm. The girls all wanted the same. The brunette touching Bryan's dipping cock felt Paige's squirt on her knuckles. She flared her eyes but kept her stance whispering into Bryan's ear that she would fuck him any time he asked her to. He merely grinned. He would definitely take her up on that someday. For now he was here for Paige. Pete another of Josh's friends took a risk and leaned in to suck on Paige's right nipple. In her incoherent thoughts she caressed his hair as he did. Once she realized it wasn't Bryan she bulged her eyes and began giggling heavily.
"I LOVE THIS BRYAN." She yelled.
"ME TOO." He pulls out and grabs the brunettes hand curling her fingers around his cock. "FINISH ME." She jerked him off and made him coat Paige a second time. The blond reaching under to cup and knead at Bryan's balls assisted in a guttural tense. In a maddening roar Bryan Colby reaches up for two other girls and hugs them to his cheeks, chins on slick shoulders, just as he fires off a massive load all over Paige. The girls giggled and kissed him on the cheek. Three mighty eruptions in under an hour. Dismissing the girls he falls limply to Paige's side, the guys jumping out of his way. He snuggles up to Paige and kisses her warmly. She coos as the gathering moves away giving them their privacy.
The brunette went to her purse and wrote her number down, slipping it under his trucks wiper blade. She was shameless. He would fuck her a half dozen times in just three weeks. Never to see her again.
As Paige caught her breath she sat up and looked out at her Father. Spotting Josh waving at her she pats Bryan on the abs. "Be right back."
"What?" He sits up as she jumps to her feet and takes off in a staggering run. Barefoot she hops on the hot ground until she reaches Lonnie and Josh. Splashing into the water she throws her arms around Josh and squeals, "Teddy Bear." With mighty arms Josh picks her up and plants his hand on her ass. She kisses Josh full on the lips. Bryan's heart sank. Not that it mattered in the long run. Lonnie feeling badly walks over to Bryan and crouches next to him.
"Tough luck Buddy. That was sure one hot soiree."
"Who's the bodybuilder pawing her up?"
"His name's Josh. He wants to own my daughter."
"Daughter? Say what?" Bryan leaps to his feet and starts getting dressed.
"Calm down and hear me out." Boxers on Bryan glares at Lonnie. "Yes she's my daughter. I came out here to snoop and make sure she was in good hands. Josh there had her last night. I think she's facing puppy love." He shrugs, "Maybe that's teddy love. Anyways she insisted on going out with you. She's young yet so I let her."
"You always watch your daughter being fucked?"
"Actually I do. We're open like that."
"Her shyness act is bullshit then?"
"I wouldn't go that far. Anyway, listen Bryan, you seem like a decent guy. If you can get past this weirdness you have my permission to see Paige again."
Bryan winces then considers how good this day had been up until now. "I don't know. How can I compete with the Mountain out there?"
"No competition. I'm the guy that owns my daughter. Not Josh. Like you he has my permission to see her."
"Fuck her?"
"Wouldn't have it any other way Bry. You can tear her pussy up whenever you want. Only thing I ask is wear a condom from here on out. She's coming back. I'll give you two a chance to talk." Lonnie steps away and ignores Paige who suddenly turned pale.
"Do you hate me?" She pouts.
"Kind of slutty what you're doing Paige Turner."
"I know. Daddy fill you in?"
"Daddy did. It's pretty fucked up."
"I like you Bryan."
"You like Josh."
"I can like both of you."
"So take a number to see who taps your ass each day?"
"That sounds mean." She gets pouty.
"It's true though. Josh there yesterday. Me today. Who's tomorrow?"
"I have school tomorrow."
"You know what I mean. How many guys you plan on hooking up with on that Tender account?"
"As many girls as you plan too?" She shyly smiles. "I'm ditzy at times but I'm not dumb. I saw how you reacted to the girls. You did notice I encouraged them to make you get another fantasy fulfilled. You shared me kind of too. So you can't be mad at me."
"You're right. I can't. Damn Paige...keep in touch?"
"Yessss." She leaps into him hugging his waist. Looking up at him with her chin on his sternum she whispers, "Make love to me again?"
"Sure."
"Right now?" She hinted.
"In front of Josh? Another time I think. Come on I'll give you your things back." With his remote he unlocks his truck and gathers her bag and bikini. Handing them to her he saw a tear forming.
"I'll never see you again."
"After you graduate let's hook up again. A real date next time."
"Yay! Promise?"
"That was some damn good pussy. Yeah!" He grins and walks her out to the lake to meet with Lonnie. Josh and Vinny still floating on jet ski's.
"Everything good?" Lonnie looked concerned.
"Yeah, good as it gets."
"Joshy, this is Bryan." Paige introduces them.
"That was some show over there Stud." Josh nods.
"Got a little crazy."
Mulling it over Josh makes an offer. "Know how to ride one of these kind of horses Cowboy?"
"Got one in my garage."
"Here." Josh climbs off his jet ski and motions Bryan in to the water. "Take Godiva there out for a ride."
Paige hops up and down in step. Tossing her things at Lonnie she parades back into the water excitably. Looking back at Bryan she waves him in. "Can I ride backwards again?"
Bryan scowls. She pouts at him then flirts. "I'll fuck you in the middle of the lake."
"Dude! Don't pass that up." Vinny chuckles.
Shaking his head Bryan removes his pants going down to his boxers. "Fuck it."
"Hop on that seahorse Prince Charming." Josh gave him the seat, passing him his life jacket. Vinny gave Paige his. The Big guy then steps to shore beside Lonnie. Mounting the jet ski Bryan helps Paige get in front of him. Facing him, she throws her arms around his shoulders as he backs the jet ski out to deeper water before firing it up. With a squeal upon takeoff she waves at her Father and Josh. A large circle around the lake Bryan kisses Paige. No fucking, just a bit of rekindling. She would date Prince Bryan again.
For now Snow White was happy.
So were the boaters passing by.