I have edited this story by correcting many errors, mostly with verbs. Hopefully I got them all, and that this story reads better. The story, for the most part, hasn't changed. Thank you to everyone who gave me constructive feedback on what I need to work on with regards to writing. This was my first story, and thanks to the feedback, I'm trying to be more mindful of being consistent with verb tenses from here onward. My editor doesn't care about grammar or writing composition.
*****
Hello everyone. I want to preface this by saying that I'm not a writer, and I'm not trying to be one. During this uncertain time that we are in, finding something to keep myself at ease and my mind at peace, has been difficult. Somehow, I found myself writing this story, and realized that it was a form of escapism for me, helping to keep my mind off everything that's going on. So, I'm not here to write something amazing, but rather doing it as a form of escapism. I expect many negative criticisms due to lack of writing experience. And that's okay, because writing this story has already accomplished what it needs to for me.
This story is more cartoonish than realistic. So, if realism is important to you than you probably won't like this story. But if you take no issue with a bit of exaggeration and ridiculousness, then please enjoy.
Every character is over the age of eighteen. Any resemblance to a real-life person is purely coincidental and unintended.
*****
Victoria has decided to tidy up the living room because it was becoming a bit too messy for her liking. She doesn't understand how the house gets so messy and cluttered so easily when her son is the only other person living in the house. The work though isn't too irritating to do. And doing things around the house is somewhat meditative and relaxing, not to mention that she can also continue to practice her sexy poses for those teasing games she loves so much.
At 36 years of age, Victoria knows she is hot and sexy. She takes care of herself through vitamins, supplements, skin care products, and exercise. Her tits are massive, with a slim waist, and a bubble butt that's huge and firm, and she has smooth silky light tan skin. This is what men wants right? Well, it seems her ex-husband wanted something different.
Her good-for-nothing ex-husband has left her a few years ago for one of his college students. The reason being that the student was too hot, and he couldn't resist, and she was much better at sex than Victoria was with a tighter pussy. Apparently, Victoria doesn't have the right body to turn him on, or the right skills to make him cum hard. It's his lost, Victoria knows how irresistible she is.
Victoria has always dressed to seduce as many men as possible, because their lust for her makes her incredibly horny. And she loves being horny. This includes wearing skirts so short that it covers just her pussy when she bends over. Shorts so short to show off as much of her smooth bare legs as possible. And tops so low to display very deep cleavage. High heels are always a part of her outfit to further lift her already perfectly perky protruding round ass. And she does whatever possible to tease the men around her through various poses to accentuate and show her assets.
Though the men she courts doesn't make her feel anything. There touches are just adequate and not very memorable. Sure, their touch can still stimulate her, but they don't stir her emotions, and she believes arousing both the physical and emotional will give pleasure beyond what is felt just from the physical aspect of sex. Still, she continues to dress as slutty as possible because she loves sex and everything that encapsulates it. She gets great gratification from people loving her body, worshiping her curves, and who melts when she teases.
Today Victoria is wearing a very short skirt, a low-cut shoulder string top, and high heels. Deciding to go out to tease some men at the store, she came across the mess in the living room and chooses to first tidy up a bit. By doing everyday task such as cleaning, she always maneuvers and positioning her body in a way to tease and seduce as though there were men around just for practice. While bending over in front of the coffee table to pick up some mail and papers, she turned her head and noticed her son, Andy, several feet behind her.
Andy has been standing behind his mom for a while staring at her bending over to pick up the mess. As she bends over, his mom's legs are closed together and bends slightly at the knees. So much of her thick long legs are being shown bare. The skirt that she's wearing hugs her ass tightly with the bottom hovering just below her pussy. The roundness and firmness of her ass are further accentuated by her arching back. With his mom in this pose, it's impossible for Andy not to stare, or anyone for that matter. With his eyes, Andy surveys his mom from the top of her perfectly round ass. Then, takes in every inch of her curve from side to side. Eventually, he moves his sight downward, groping every inch of her bare legs with his eyes, So smooth, firm, and curvy. Such a perfect sight.
"Hello honey," Victoria says happily smiling to Andy brushing her curly shoulder length brown hair out of her face while continuing to pick things up from the floor. She loves her son so much. When her ex-husband left, Andy was there trying to cheer her up and make her laugh all the time. He showed her how important he is to her and helping her to realize she can find happiness elsewhere in life. He has always made her feel so loved and will do just about anything for him.
Victoria notices that Andy is staring at something but isn't sure what it could be. He raises his eyes from whatever it is to look at her and smile. "Hey mom. Sorry I keep making a mess here."
Victoria rolls her eyes with a smirk and playfully says, "I don't know what I'm gonna do with you sweetie. Or should I say, "I don't know what you're gonna do without me." Continuing to tidy things up she notices her son still standing behind her staring at something. Dismissing it as nothing she continues, "Without me there probably would be a mountain of mess around you at all times."
"Sorry mom, let me help you." Andy moves to help her, but she stops him.
Placing her hand on his shoulder, Victoria says, "No, no. Don't worry about it sweetie. It's almost finished. Continue with your day." Thinking that she has made her son feel bad, Victoria places one of her palms on Andy's face stroking the side with the tips of her fingers. Then, she looks caringly into his eyes with a soft smile to let him know she loves him. And gives him a wet kiss with her thick glossy red lips on his cheek. After pulling away from the kiss, Victoria lovingly looks at Andy and says, "You don't have to worry about this kind of stuff. If I need your help I'll ask. Otherwise, I'm perfectly happy to do it myself."
As Victoria begins turning to get back to task, she is pleasantly surprised as her son wraps his arms around her waist and pulls her close to him. And squeezes her body tight against him. She felt her tits squish against his chest, her pelvis presses against his hips. And feeling his arms tight around her waist, she gives him a strong smile. She is filled with joy as he returns her smile with a kiss by pressing his lips against her cheek. Her body warms. Smiling brightly at this sweet moment, the love that she feels right now is so immense.
Any opportunity to touch and feel his mom's body in any way possible is immediately seized by Andy. Of course, he wasn't going to pass up this chance. Andy can feel his mom's huge tits smothering his chest and his forearms resting just on top of her curvaceous ass. With his lips pressing deep against her cheek, he feels the warmth of her face on his, and smells the sexy aroma of her perfume. His semi hard dick stiffens to its full length, and he can feel it pressing against her thigh. His kiss stays locked for a few seconds. As he finishes, Andy pulls his face from her cheek then looks into her eyes and says, "I love you mom."
Victoria gazes back into his eyes with a wide smile and tells him, "Mommy loves you too sweetie." Moments like this is one of the many reasons why she feels so loved by her son.
As Andy loosens his arms to let her go, he slyly brushes both palms down both of his mom's ass cheeks. His mom's skirt is so thin it's almost like feeling her bare ass. Andy moves to sit on the couch to watch some TV. "Hope the TV won't bother you mom."
Victoria gives her son a smile and says, "Of Course not sweetie. Do whatever you need to enjoy yourself." Victoria doesn't notice her son's attempt to feel her up. She dismisses her son's touches and actions as merely her son's way of showing love. Her son being a pervy boy doing these things out of horny lust isn't possible. She is his mom and it's ridiculous for him to see her in that way. To Victoria, Andy is just a loving son.
Andy put a show on Netflix but his mom continuing to tidy up is where his eyes fixes upon. His mom looks so sexy and hot with everything that she does. As she bends over to pick things up, he stares at her skirt tightening around her huge curves of her ass and the bottom sliding up and wishing it would keep sliding so he can see underneath. But he'll settle for more and more of her long legs being displayed.
Andy's mom strides to the coffee table. As his mom moves to straighten it out, she bends over with her cleavage spilling out. His mom's bra and top are so low cut that it seems as though all her tits, but the nipples, are being shown. He loves seeing such enormous amounts of cleavage and a huge portion of her upper firm bulbous tits. He continues to watch as his mom shuffles and moves her body to straighten up the coffee table. The motions force her tits to jiggle and bounce. Prompting him to imagine her massive tits shaking and bouncing on his face.
He then watches his mom move to dust the curtains and blinds with a duster. He stares as she lifts a leg to use a nearby ledge of a chair for balance and leverage to reach up high with the duster. As his mom leans forward a bit to dust the window curtains, Andy watches as her ass is slightly pushed out. With one leg straight and the other slightly lifted, him om's skirt is lifted higher than usual, and he is able to see just a bit of her panty covered pussy. He is mesmerized as her ass slightly shakes and jiggles due to her dusting motions.
After quickly finishing with the dusting, Andy's mom walks towards him to complete one last thing. He deliberately chose to sit on this spot of the couch with his mom's beloved flowers right behind him. His mom likes to make sure her flowers are positioned correctly. And since he's sitting right in front of her flower, Andy knows his mom will cater to her flower right in front of him.
Breathing deeply with his heart pounding hard, Andy shivers as his mom bends forward, her enormous tits and deep cleavage hovering just centimeters in front of his face. As his mom reaches for the flowers, he hears her say, "Sorry about this Andy, I'll be quick." He stares wide eyed at her chest unblinking. Her cleavage is so deep, and so much of the bulging fullness of her huge tits are spilling out of her top. He can almost feel the heat of her massive soft mounds on his face.
Victoria doesn't want to inconvenience her son by asking him to move. She knows her chest is very close to his face, but she doesn't think it will affect him in anyway. He is her son and it's just impossible for him to get turned on by her the way other men do. She looks down at him and notices that he's glassy eyed and breathing heavily with his head leaned slight forward. Victoria asks concernedly, "Are you all right sweetie? Am I bothering you? Do you want me to hurry and finish up?"
Andy immediately pulls his eyes away from his mom's enormous tits and quickly tells her, "No mom, please take your time. You're not bothering me at all. Really." His mom gives him a smile and went back to her flowers. Relief sweeps over him from her unsuspecting smile, and Andy goes back to staring at her massive tits and cleavage. He can't believe how enormous and round they are. They seem so soft. He just wants to put his hands on them then squeeze and push his face into them.
Andy's mom straightens herself up and he watches her stride away. Mesmerized by her long legs flowing forward pulling his eyes with them as though they were attached to her legs. Andy moves his sight upward to see his mom's protruding huge round ass bounce as she walks. Wishing he could slap a hand to her firm ass cheek and clamp down.
Victoria stands and looks around the living room and gives a nod with a smile as she's satisfied with its tidiness. She turns to her son and says, "Well sweetie, I'm done here. I think I'll go out shopping for some stuff at Target all right." She motions towards the door but is interrupted when her son stops her.
"Wait mom," Andy hurriedly says.
Victoria stops and turns to see her son standing up. "Something wrong sweetie?" She says to him curiously.
After watching his mom Andy doesn't want the fun to stop. But He couldn't think of a reason for her to stay or anything for her to do. Going shopping with her is the only option for continuing the ogling of his mom. Maybe he'll even see her buy or try on some sexy clothes. He walks towards her nervously and asks, "Can I go with you mom? I promise I won't bother you while you shop."
Victoria looks into the pleading face of her son. There's no way she can say no. She doesn't want to disappoint him. "Are you sure dear? It'll probably be boring. I don't know how long I'll be."
"No mom it'll be fine," Andy says. "I just like being around you."
Victoria smiles lovingly at her son as she's reminded how much he's dedicated to her. She feels her eyes tearing up a bit and wonders why no man can be like her son. "If you're sure sweetie then of course you can shop with me."
Andy gives his mom a big smile and excitedly says, "That's great mom! Just give me a minute to put my shoes on upstairs." Andy runs up the stairs. All the while wishing he can just relieve himself because his cock is so rock hard. But he believes he'll take too long, and his mom may wonder what he's doing. So, he'll need to figure out some other way to decrease his horniness otherwise he may do something he'll regret.
Gazing at the stairs that her son ran up, a rush of happy and loving emotions flows throughout Victoria's body. It gives her goosebumps and warms her face. It even stiffens her nipples and gives her a tingling sensation around her clit. Where is all this coming from, she thinks to herself curiously. Feeling the chills, she shivers and thinks to herself that she needs to get fucked in her pussy by a man real soon. With her son accompanying her to Target, how will she get a man to fuck her in a spontaneous situation, she wonders. Mr. Vibrator will probably have to do when she gets back home from her fun. She'll still seduce and tease every man she sees for fun though. Her son most likely will just get embarrassed as all children do from their parents. And hopefully will just see everything that she does as natural coincidences.
Andy runs down the stairs after just a few minutes. He encounters his mom sitting on the loveseat with her legs crossed, one leg on top of the other. This accentuates her thick toned thighs and also bunches her skirt higher to the top of her legs. The angle in which she bends her top leg, and the direction she points her open toed high heeled feet, guides his eyes to roam her legs back and forth from thigh to knee, knee to feet. Her legs look so hot and enticing, which does nothing to help decrease his horniness or hard cock in the slightest. If anything, his mom is making him much hornier, forcing his cock to leak out pre-cum. Losing himself in the lustfulness of her legs, his reverie is broken only by finally hearing his mom shouting his name. "Huh, oh sorry mom. What'd you say?"
"I asked if you wanted to try practicing driving to the store to get more experience before taking your driving test next month. Lots of college students aren't good drivers because of experience, and I don't want you to be one of them when you start college in a few months." Victoria looks at her son with mild concern wondering why he has a blank stare on his face and asks, "Is something wrong sweetie?"
Quickly shaking his head, Andy answers, "No I'm fine mom really. I was just spacing out. You know I do that a lot." Andy gives a giggle hoping his mom doesn't notice or suspect what he was doing. "But yeah, all right. Practicing driving sounds great, I haven't done it since I graduated high school."
Reminding herself of his habitual blank stares, Victoria gives a smile and says, "That's right, you do space out and stare blankly a lot." Standing up and straightening herself out she jestingly says, "Whatever you daydream about must be incredibly outstanding." Throwing her purse over her shoulder she takes long sexy strides towards the door.
Thinking to himself that what his focus is on is definitely outstanding, Andy follows his mom out the front door. His eyes completely lock on to her every movement. He walks closer to her, feeling the greatest of temptation to grab onto her. He leers fixedly at her huge round ass and shapely hips swaying and her legs flowing in those long strides. Andy can't believe how horny he's getting just staring at her walk.
Andy sits in the driver's seat while observing his mom getting into the front passenger side. As his mom positions herself into the seat, he ogles her legs shifting and her tits jiggling. His mom hands the keys to him. And he takes them from her hands, using this chance to caress the back of her hand, knuckles, and fingers with the tips of his fingers. Her skin so silky smooth, he wishes he could caress her whole naked body with both hands.
While driving to Target, Andy's mom entertains herself with her phone. Occasionally she talks to him about funny or interesting things she's finding. All the while, Andy steals glances at her crossed legs. His mom's skirt bunches up around her hips as her left leg rests on top of her right knee, drawing attention to her silky-smooth bare thigh. If only he can just set his palm on her thigh and stroke her silky-smooth skin.
After arriving at Target and parking the car, Andy continued to focus his sight on his mom's body as much as he can. He turns his eyes quickly away each time she faces him to make sure she doesn't notice his stares. He gawks at her walking alluringly in front of him. Her long tantalizing legs teases with every stride. And with each stride, her ass and hips swing from side to side, daring him to grope and fondle her round ass cheeks.
Victoria strides through the entrance. She stands in front of the carts to survey the store. Just as she hoped, on a Saturday afternoon Target is filled with just as many men as there are women. Some seem to be with their partner, others with friends, and some by themselves. Whatever the situation, single or not, Young or old, attractive or unattractive, however the guy is, she'll flirt and tease just the same. Maybe some women too.
Fortuitously, her son offers to push the cart, which allows Victoria to more freely manipulate and move her body in a seductive and sensuous manner. She takes long slow strides, grabbing the eyes of all guys who are able to see her. Out of her periphery, she notices them tracing her legs with their eyes. Smirking at their horndog actions, and pretending not to notice them, she adds a little umph to the swaying of her hips. She feels a little tingling in her pussy knowing that their eyes are also groping her curvaceous ass.
Every time she walks past a guy, or one walks past her, she pushes her chest out, further accenting her huge round mounds. She doesn't give them a glance, or acknowledge them in anyway, in order to give them the allusion that she is unaware of them looking at her tits and that she's not doing anything deliberately. She wants to give the impression that she's simply walking aloof and browsing around the store.
Victoria continues to see out of the periphery that some guys are obviously staring at her tits, and others are attempting to slyly leer at them. She feels as though her nipples are getting stiffer and harder with each glaring pair of eyes.
Victoria turns to look at her son with a joyful expression on her face. She sees that he's looking around the store. Worried that he may be getting bored, she asks her son, "You doing fine sweetie? Hope your not regretting coming with me."
Andy looks at his mom and gives her a smile. "No mom of course not. I'm doing fine. And it looks like You're enjoying yourself for some reason. So, I'm just happy that you're happy." The truth is, Andy is really enjoying staring at his mom's body as she moves around. He doesn't know why she walks and moves like this, but he's not complaining. He'll just enjoy it.
Victoria gives her son a wide smile and says, "Well I'm glad you're happy. As for me, well... I just like to go shopping. It makes me happy."
Victoria continues to walk around pretending to browse and look at clothes in the women's section. Acutely aware that guys are following her into the women's section pretending to browse, Victoria can't help but smirk. Feeling excited knowing that their all really there to gaze at her, she makes sure to act as though she doesn't notice them. With an audience now waiting to see something and get their cocks hard, she thinks it's time to turn the teasing up a notch.
There was a guy alone fiddling with woman's tops hanging on a rack, and he was failing to hide himself stealing glances at Victoria. So, she decided to help him by making it easy to glance at her. To do this, Victoria knows she needs to be in the stranger's direct line of sight, and that there is nothing blocking any part of her from his view.
Pairs of pants were on display for sale sitting on shelves against the wall, the line of sight for the stranger would be completely clear at those shelves. Victoria walks to the shelves containing the pants and turns her back to the stranger. Her son was close by with the cart, but she doesn't think he'll be affected or know what she's doing for the stranger. With her legs closed together, knees slightly bent, she leans forward arching her back pretending to examine the pants at waist level.
Andy stood behind the cart staring at his mom. Oblivious to the stranger also doing the same. From his vantage point, he sees his mom's round ass on display, and her enormous spherical tits hovering as her torso leans horizontally. He traces her curves with his eyes from her round tits, to around her curvaceous ass, and slowly down her toned smooth legs. He imagines vividly that he's right behind her, his groin grinds against her huge firm ass, and his hands caresses her hips and moving to grasp her tits. Not aware of his actions, Andy mesmerizingly presses his hand on his hard cock over his pants. The stranger near them doing the same.
After bending over for a minute or two, Victoria pulls a random pair of pants from the shelf to maintain the allusion that she's not deliberately teasing her audience. And to also see the look on the stranger's face from her periphery. Victoria can't help but grin widely, because from her periphery she not only sees her target staring intently rubbing his bulging cock over his pants, but she has also drawn several other guys around the vicinity.
With such an audience, it's time for Victoria to really have some fun and show them something they really can't forget. Quickly finishing up the pretend examination of the pair of pants, she folded them up and placed them back on the shelf at waist level. She positions her pose the same as before, this time taking her sweet time placing the pants back. Using dramatic motions to pretend that she's properly setting the item back as they were. Which she believes will give her audience reason and context to her wiggling her booty and the sexy motions of her body.
Feeling much hornier seeing his mom jerk her body and wiggling her booty to properly set the pair of pants back on the shelf, Andy knows this is due to his mom's incessant desire for tidiness and making sure things are as they should be, and he's greatly thankful for it. His mom's massive full tits jiggling, her huge round ass wiggling, her shapely legs dancing, is such a hot and tantalizing sight. He's now putting more pressure on his hard cock, wanting to just pull it out and jack off right there. He feels his cum building up, and pre-cum leaking out like a broken faucet.
Feeling so excited for what she's going to do next, Victoria can't help but give an extra umph and bounce to her booty. And with a wide smile, she leans even further down, and with her forearms, she subtly pulls her skirt up from its side. The feeling of cool air across her ass cheeks tells Victoria that her thong covered ass is now exposed. This time pretending to browse the very bottom of the shelves, Victoria's head and shoulder are at the same level as her knees and shins. She can grab her ankles, and even touch her chin to her shins in this position. Thanks to her many years practicing Yoga, she can maintain this pose with incredible ease. The position also seemingly pushes and lifts her huge ass even higher, forming a much rounder shape, and producing a firmer fullness.
Victoria stays in this position for a while, averting suspicion from her audience by further pretending to examine the pair of pants through grabbing, feeling, and running her hands through the various pairs at the bottom shelf. All the while she mesmerizes her audience by slowly and seductively twirling her huge round booty in circles. She knows she's getting carried away with her son so close by, but she can explain it away as just an accident. She's just having too much fun right now to hold back or stop.
Andy stares wide eyed and open mouthed at what's happening with his mom. On one hand he wants to tell her that her skirt accidentally rose up to expose her beautiful ass, but on the other hand, he just wants to stare at her beautiful, exposed ass. Other than when she wears her thong bikini, this is the most that Andy has seen of his mom's bare ass cheeks, and in such a provocative pose no less.
His mom's ass is so shapely, cheeks so round, and perfectly tone. With his eyes, Andy traces the entire outline of her sultry ass. He takes every inch and admires her full firm ass cheeks. Her black thong makes her ass more prominent, which is sucked deeper into her crevice by her circular movements.
He moves his eyes slowly down her sexy legs, on display bare and whole, taking in every inch. He surveys her perfectly formed and thick thighs. Further slides his eyes downward, narrowing at her knees, and roaming down her shapely curving calves.
Finally, he lays his sight on her thong covered pussy. The thong so tightly covers just her pussy lips. The thong clings so skin-tight that the fabric has molded into the shape of her pussy lips. With her shifts and movements of her hips and pelvis, her pussy seems to suck in the thin layer of fabric. As though begging for him to stick his hard cock in.
Andy has seen his mom in similar poses, although not nearly as extreme as this, and similar amount of exposure in her thong bikinis. But those times have always been at the pool or beach where seeing such amount of skin is expected. There's something about seeing her exposed like this in a setting in which this kind of exposure is forbidden and not allowed. Her body makes him so horny with every passing minute. His cock is so rock hard he's beginning to feel achingly uncomfortable. Wanting to touch and fuck her so badly, Andy thinks to himself that his mom is just so undeniably and unbelievably hot.
For a good long while Victoria stays in this position pretending to peruse the pants selection. Continuing to expose her ass as she does so while slightly twirling her booty in circles. Its mesmerizing seduction enraptures her audience. She feels goosebumps all over her body, her pussy stimulating, nipples tingling. But it has been long enough. Part of the fun is to have guys think everything is just unintentional and coincidental. The stirring sensation in her pussy is beginning to wet the material covering it. And not wanting a dampening thong to cause suspicion with regard to her intention, Victoria slowly stands upright. Making sure to arch her back as she does so, and push her ass out, accentuating her booty's firmness.
Once upright, Victoria feels that her tight skirt is bunched up halfway up her ass still exposing much of it. She does nothing to straighten it out and pretends she doesn't even notice the issue.
Out of the periphery of her eyes, Victoria can see the guys in the vicinity staring at her glassy eyed hiding themselves behind racks of clothes. She notices their arm shifting and jerking, and smirks knowing exactly what they're all doing. She also notices some women giving her a nasty look, and also some women giving her a lustful one. Winking and smiling at one of the women, the woman turns away blushing in surprise at getting caught, albeit with a shy smile. She strides lustfully towards her son with a greater umph to her swaying hips. Her ass cheeks bounce with each step, causing her tight skirt to eventually slide down to cover her ass.
Once she gets to where her son is standing, she tells him loudly enough for her audience to hear, "Well I don't like their selection of pants," Victoria looks at her son and sees that he's also glassy eyed. "Sweetie you okay? I'm sorry if you're getting bored." She says to him.
Andy immediately snaps out of his reverie and stops rubbing his cock over his pants. Hoping that his mom doesn't notice his actions, he frantically replied, "No mom, I mean, I'm fine. I'm not bored at all. I uh--was just thinking about something." He tries to give her an excited smile. His mom returns a smile to him, which reassures him that she has not noticed anything.
The cart must've blocked what he was doing. But unknown to Andy, his mom is simply too narrow-focused on the guys around them to notice him.
To Victoria, she's too oblivious, as well as too closed minded to believe that her son can find her attractive enough to pay attention to anything that she is doing. He must've been on his phone, or his mind was wandering away like it always does. In any case, it saves her having to make up a reason for what happened. "All right then, let's move on to a different section." Her son nods at her and Victoria walks past the stranger that was the target of her show. Out of the corner of her eye she observes his closed eyes, then his body shutters, and a look of relief sweeps across his face. She grins knowing that he most likely just blew a load because of her.
Just as Victoria walks out of the section to have some more fun, a guy steps in front of her. This guy looks to be in his mid-20's and not too bad looking. Hopefully, he doesn't flirt with her too intensely, because she doesn't want her son to feel weird about it. She gives him a seductive look and a flirtatious smile. With a sensual voice she asks, "Is there something I can help you with?"
The stranger takes a deep breath and nervously asks if she could help him find a gift for his girlfriend. She giggles at what he is obviously doing. This isn't the first time a guy has pulled this on her. She knows he's going to say that his girlfriend has the exact same figure as her, and if she could try on some clothes so that he knows if it fits or what it looks like. But Victoria likes this game too so of course she nods at his request and turns to her son to ask, "Sweetie is it all right if I help him out?"
Andy knows his mom loves helping people, and since his cock is so achingly hard, he hopes his arousal will die down during her time helping the stranger. So, he says, "Yeah sure, fine with me."
Victoria turns back to the stranger and gives him a smile. "Well let's get started then," she brushes her hair flirtatiously and continues, "What do you want to get her." It's just as Victoria thought, He wants her to find the right sizes to the clothes he's picked out to know if they fit, because his girlfriend supposedly has the exact same figure as her. She can't help but smile at him, at his attempt to be slick about this, it's so adorable.
The stranger leads them through the Woman's clothing section pointing out the clothes that he wants to buy for his so-called girlfriend. She takes care to choose the tightest fit possible for the clothes of his choice. Deciding to tease him a bit before the actual show, Victoria pulls the two tops he chose and place each of them over her enormous tits pushing her tits out, asking him to make sure the tops are what he wants. Seeing him stare at her huge mounds and nodding profusely licking his lips, Victoria gives him a teasing grin. Turning around and pushing her ass out towards him, she places the shorts and skirt over her ass, again asking him to make sure it's what he wants. Lowering his eyes to her ass, he nods profusely while drooling.
Victoria is surprised at the lingerie that he has also chosen. She gives him points for this unexpected courage, even as he visibly shakes with nervousness. Finding lingerie and underwear is usually difficult due to the size of her curves, so she is surprised to find lingerie that fits her snuggly. She turns to see if her son was watching her small tease and is delighted to see that he is on his phone with his back to them. This means she needn't explain any of her actions.
All together they arrive at the fitting room. There are no employees to service customers as Victoria expected. There usually never is, and most shoppers don't care to try on clothes in general. With racks of clothes enclosing the area and blocking the view, Victoria won't need to hold back her tease and seduction. She walks to her son and quietly says, "you don't have to be here while I help this guy out sweetie," feeling frisky from her excitement with her coming seduction, she unconsciously strokes herself from her chest down to ample tits as she speaks with him, "How about you go hang out at the electronic section."
Trying with difficulty to not stare at his mom's touch, Andy thinks about her suggestion for a moment. He doesn't feel like sitting down doing nothing waiting for her to try on all the clothes. But his cock is still really hard. So maybe sitting down will at least help ease his stiffness. "No, I'll sit down and rest a bit mom. It's all right, I'll just go on my phone or something." He tells her.
"Well, all right if you're sure sweetie." As long as her son is fine with it, Victoria won't worry about it then. She believes her seduction and teasing of this stranger won't affect her son in any way. Her son can't possibly find her attractive since she's his mom and just an old lady to him. Some of her poses may embarrass him, especially what she has planned for the lingerie portion. But she'll just explain to her son that she was trying to help the stranger to the best of her ability.
Andy goes to sit down on a chair and sees the stranger saying a few words to his mom. His mom gives the guy a smile and nod, then she turns to Andy and says, "Sit tight sweetie." Andy gives his mom a nod and watches her go in the fitting room while the stranger sits a few chairs to his left. The stranger doesn't say a word to Andy or even looks at him. He wonders if the stranger even knows he's there. The guy looks very shakingly nervous for some reason, like he's excitedly anticipating something amazing to happen.
A few minutes later Andy sees his mom come out wearing a very short tight skirt with a slit on the left side, and an off-shoulder blouse. Both the stranger and Andy gazed wide eyed at his mom. She strode in front of the stranger and gives a slow twirl. The straps of the top wraps around her neck revealing her shoulders and upper back. With a low neckline and skinny straps, much of her chest was open. It displays an ample amount of deep cleavage, and a full mound of flesh protruding against the neckline, wanting to spill out. The thin material of the top tightly hugs her massive tits forming a perfect round shape. Her nipples, as round as a dime and about a half inch thick, is prominently poking the thin layer. The top hugs every inch of her torso like a second skin.
If at all possible, the skirt she's wearing is shorter than the one she wore before, revealing a small portion of her thong covered pussy. The backside of her skirt pushes slightly upward due to her huge curvaceous ass protruding outward, exposing a portion of her lower ass cheeks. His mom's ass sticking out causes the slit of the skirt to widen more than intended, further highlighting her legs, and generating a more provocative and sexier look. Andy can't help but be jealous of this stranger. To not only have a girlfriend with the same body as his mom, but to also have his mom help out in this manner is just unbelievable luck.
Continuing to stare at his mom's body, Andy hears her ask the stranger, "How does it look?" He hears the stranger stuttering and telling her it looks amazing. His mom gives the stranger a few different poses and then asks him another question, "You think it'll look good on your girlfriend?" The stranger nods his head as he continues to leer up and down her body. Andy thinks to himself that if this stranger's girlfriend looks even half as hot as his mom, then he's going to love his girlfriend wearing this outfit.
Just then, his mom walks towards him, and with her back towards the stranger leans forward to be at eye level to where Andy was sitting. Now her chest and cleavage were just inches from his face, and he gapes astonishingly at what's hovering before him. Her enormous tits tightly crammed in by the off-shoulder blouse, molding a form that's much rounder in shape, and giving a more substantial fullness to her flesh. He gazes mindlessly into her deep cleavage, following the dark crevice downward, then roaming along her neckline, studying her bulging massive soft mounds of flesh protruding over it. Out of the periphery of his eye, Andy sees the stranger look dumbfoundedly onto his mother's ass bending over and could only imagine what the astounding view must look like.
Victoria sees her son staring off into space again, but she needs to take him out of his reverie to explain what she's about to do. Placing her fingers underneath his chin, she lifts his head upwards and tells him, "Sweetie I'm going to do something that you think might be weird and embarrassing. You might be ashamed of me for it, but I'm just trying to help this guy find the perfect gift, okay? I'm not doing it for any reason other than that." She gives him a warm smile to assure him that everything is okay. Her son gives her a glassy eyed nod, and she continues, "If you feel too embarrassed, then go ahead and leave at any time. I'll completely understand." Victoria leans him and gives her son a kiss on his forehead.
Relishing the moment of feeling his moms soft, thick lips pressed deeply and gently against his forehead, and her massive tits traveling ever closer to his face. Andy's breath deepens, his chest begins heaving heavily, and it takes all the self-control he could muster to not grope his mom's soft inviting mounds. He feels his mom's soft lips lift from his forehead and watches her walk to stand in front of the stranger. If she helps out the stranger by doing more provocative poses, then he doesn't want to miss out on anything.
His mom stands in front of the stranger with her high heels on either side of his feet. Then he sees her lean forward, grasping the back of his chair with her hands and resting her forearms on his shoulders. Her chest hovers inches away from the stranger's face, just as it was with him. His mom asks the stranger, "You think this top will make your girlfriend look hot?" The stranger answers that it would. His mom leans in closer to the stranger's face, her chest now centimeters from him. "Take a closer look. You want to make sure right? Would her breasts look good in this?" Andy notices the stranger studying his mom's chest for a while, and he becomes jealous when his mom shakes her tits in front of him. Her tits bounced and seemingly gently hits the stranger's face just slightly. The stranger has an extremely aroused look on his face and breathlessly tells his mom that it's definitely going to look hot on her. His mom then tells the stranger, "Well, I guess you chose the perfect top then." Andy can't help but think that this is definitely a perfect top for his mom as well. Damn he wishes that it was his face that's right in front of it.
Continuing to observe his mom, Andy sees her straightening herself upright, then she asks the stranger, "How about this skirt, will it make your girlfriend look hot?" The stranger answers that he thinks it will. She lifts her left leg, where the slit of the skirt is located, to stand her high heels on the seat next to the stranger, with the knee bending. Andy leers at his mom's legs, paying close attention to the slit, which accentuates her tantalizing thighs. The exposed portion of her ass becomes more curved due to her lifting thigh, and the skirt forms a much rounder ass. His sight travels through his mom's entire leg, from her exposed lower ass cheeks, across her thighs, then traces her calf.
Andy isn't aware of it, but the stranger looks back and forth from the inner thigh of her raised leg to her pelvis. With his eyes locking onto his mom's legs, he hears her probing the stranger much further, "Really look at the skirt. Look at how it makes the legs look. You need to make sure her legs will look hot in this." After hearing his mom, Andy then notices the stranger staring into her pelvis area, breathing heavily. From Andy's vantage point though, his mom's thigh is unfortunately blocking what the stranger is seeing. The stranger sits speechless. Andy jealously wishes he could also stare at the same thing as the stranger.
To the disappointment of both onlookers, Andy's mom brings her leg back down. But then she turns around to face her back towards the stranger. Andy notes his mom arching her back, pushing her ass out, which lifts the backside of the skirt just a bit, revealing more of her lower ass cheeks. Licking his lips and wishing it slid higher, Andy hears her asks him, "How does it look from here?" He hears the stranger gulp and swallow and says it looks amazing. With her back still arched, his mom leans forward a bit, leaning diagonally upright. This forces the backside of her skirt to slide up nearly halfway up her ass. Now breathing heavily and leering intensely at the skirt exposing more of her curvaceous ass, his mom asks the stranger another question, "You don't think it's too short, do you?" The stranger tells his mom that it's not too short at all. Now his mom leans even further, bending over, her torso horizontal, and back still arched. She spreads her high heel clad feet shoulder width apart and places her hands on her knees. Twirling her ass in circles she asks the stranger, "Are you sure it's not too short? I could go try on a longer one." The stranger's breath becomes heavy, his chest heaving, and he's absent mindedly rubbing his cock over his pants. But Andy doesn't notice, for he's also staring at her ass, because his mom is now twerking gently. Andy stares transfixed, hypnotized by her ass gyrating, her ass cheeks bouncing, the strip of thong disappearing between her ass cheeks as they smack together. He hears his mom ask, "Your girlfriend won't think it's too short, will she?" The stranger vigorously shakes his head. Open mouthed and wide eyed, Andy feels an intense arousal flowing down through the tip of his cock. Desiring so much to be in the stranger's place, a front row show, staring at every movement of her sultry ass.
Once again both gawkers are disappointed as Andy's mom straightens herself upright. Andy observes his mom turning around. She places her hand on the stranger's cheeks and caresses his cheeks downward to underneath his chin. He hears her tell the stranger, "Well sounds like this outfit is going to be perfect on your girlfriend. I'll go and change into the next one." Andy observes his mom's fingers softly trace the strangers chin as she walks away. Both Andy and the stranger glues their eyes to his mom's hips and ass. Watching her curves sway and swing as she disappears into the entrance of the fitting room. Simultaneously, he wonders what he needs to do to convince his mom to help him the same way.
Andy notices the stranger's eyes are closed and sees him rubbing his cock over his pants. A woman then walks into the fitting room area towards the entrance of the room staunchly examining on the clothes she's carrying and doesn't seem to notice what the stranger is doing. Andy too wishes he could just touch himself right there, but he's too afraid of getting caught. After a few minutes, his mom finally comes out and stands in front of the stranger.
Andy's jaw drops. He stares dumbstruck. He has never seen his mom wear an outfit like this. She stands before the stranger wearing a baby blue tube top and very short cut-off black denim shorts along with her high heels. There are no straps to block her smooth light tan skin, allowing her shoulders and chest to display bare, giving him the opportunity scan her nakedness with his eyes. What captivates Andy though, are of course his mom's enormous tits, which defies gravity, completely perky and resilient. The line of the tube top covering around mid-level of her tits. The firm curvy roundness of each tit bulging their fullness seemingly upward trying to escape from the top. Never before has Andy seen so much of his mom's mounds of bulbous soft flesh. The fullness of her mounds gives realization to why woman's tits are often referred to as globes or balloons.
The tube top fits perfectly to the form of her body. The outline and contour of her tits are shown along with her dime sized nipples. The bottom of the tube top lying just a couple of inches above her belly button, allowing her bare toned abdomen to be on full display. Strong and firm with definition exuding sexiness. His eyes follow the contours of her inward curving sides, down to her perfect waist, then along her outward-curving hips. His eyes now roaming her thin material of short shorts, hugging every part of her pelvis, hips, and ass like a second skin. The shorts are so short the bottom portion of her ass cheeks are exposed. The shortness also molds her ass to into a much rounder, curvier, and fuller firmness. Her lower ass cheeks bulges from the bottom of the tight shorts. The alluring sight turns him on so intensely.
He can't get enough looking at his hot ass mom and continues to ogle her legs, framed so wonderfully by the short tight shorts. The color and texture of the tight short shorts gives greater prominence to her smooth silky skin. The bottom rim of her shorts clings so tightly to her flesh, accentuating the shapely form of her leg. He takes in her whole sight and can't believe just how hot his mom looks.
The stranger looks at his mom with a look of desperation, seemingly lusting to maul her. Andy doesn't blame him. He also craves to attack his mom with his hands groping her entire body, as though he's out of breath, and her body is the only source for oxygen. Andy watches his mom twirl around in circles, apparently making sure the stranger can see how the clothes look from every angle possible. He watches as his mom raises her arms high, angle her hips, push out her chest, and positions her legs, giving the stranger a sexy pose. His mom asks the stranger, "how does it look?" The stranger says the outfit looks so hot, stuttering on every word, gazing intently at his mom's body and admiring her pose.
Andy continues to observe as his mom walks toward the stranger, then stands her right leg adjacent to the side of his chair. Bending her left leg at the knee, she raises it, and rests her knee and shin on his chair, pressing against his thigh. Her whole upper body displays just inches from him. The stranger gazes from his mom's pelvis area, then slowly raises his eyes to her provocative belly, tilts his face up, and rests his eyes on his mom's huge bulging tits hovering above him. In complete shock, Andy watches as his mom caresses herself with both hands from her shoulders, sensually sliding her touch down onto her topside of her bulging mounds. She applies slight pressure as she slides her hands further down and cups her tits as her hands reaches the bottom side.
Lost in his Leering of his mom squeezing and massaging her full firm tits, Andy hears his mom tell the stranger, "This tube top will fit your girlfriend so well. It'll cling to her body and won't slide off so easily. Her breast won't pop out either. Just watch" Andy continues to watch as his mom pushes her huge tits together, then squeezes them into her body, causing her massive mounds bulging even further. Continuing to fondle her full tits, she pushes and pulls the fullness of her flesh, all the while rotating each mound in circles. This is exactly what he has fantasized about doing to his mom's tits. Suddenly his mom pulls her hands off her mounds, letting the massive mounds of flesh fall, causing them to bounce and jiggle until they rest still. He then hears his mom say, "You see, the tube top stays stuck to the breast." The stranger stares speechless, unblinking, unable to pry his eyes away from her massive bountiful tits.
Andy's mom then raises her arms high, bending at the elbow, with the elbow above her head, posing sexily. She gyrates her torso, causing her enormous tits to swing and bounce intensely in circles. Andy stares open mouthed at this incredibly hot moment, feeling glad that his mom is helping out this stranger. His mom relaxes idly, her bulbous tits bouncing for several seconds until they too hover motionless. His mom says, "You see, your girlfriend's breasts won't pop out of these." Andy observes the stranger nodding in amazement, his eyes following every movement of her springy bouncy mounds.
As his mom backs off the stranger, Andy notices him leaning forward as though he is chained to her. There is a look of longing on his face, as though he doesn't want her to leave. Andy watches his mom turn her back to the stranger, arching her back, and pushing her ass out. This protrudes her ass further outward, molding her ass into a rounder, fuller, and firmer bulbous shape.
The stranger no longer just sitting with his back on the chair, he is now leaning forward, his face just a few centimeters from his mom's huge ass. She asks the stranger while wiggling her hips, "Will your girlfriends backside look hot in these shorts?" The stranger breathlessly answers yes. His mom then leans forward even further, still arching her back, and with one hand, fondles her ass over the shorts. "These shorts feel so good on my hands. I think you would love feeling these too with your hands if your girlfriend wore these shorts. Why don't you try it?" She offers the stranger, while she smacks, then wiggles her ass.
Andy is amazed at what he just heard. His mom is helping this complete stranger out to such an extreme degree. Yet all Andy can really think about is how much he wants to be the one to feel up on his mom's amazing ass. The stranger asks if it's really okay to touch her. His mom replies, "Of course. After all, I'm doing all this to help you pick out the right gifts for your girlfriend," she says while twirling her ass in front of his face. "You need to make sure it's perfect for her. So go ahead."
The stranger wastes no time. He immediately grabs his mom's ass with both hands. Andy jealousy watches as the stranger squeezes, gropes, and roams his hands all over his mom's huge, round, firm ass. All the while, his mom continues to wiggle and swivel her ass. There was no subtlety to the stranger's action. He seems to desperately fondle every inch of his mom's ass, as though trying to split the shorts open to reveal what's hidden underneath.
Andy continues to watch with incredible arousal as the stranger pushes his palms into his mom's ass cheeks and digs his fingers into the deep firm fullness of her ass, squeezing, and jostling her ass cheeks in circular motions. While watching, he imagines his own hands committing the erotic act.
"Well does it feel good?" His mom's question pulls Andy out of his reverie. She continues, "These tight shorts would feel so good on your girlfriend, right?" The stranger answers hungrily that it would definitely feel so good on her. Fantasizing about feeling up on his mom just like the stranger, disappointment comes over him as his mom pulls herself away from the stranger. But elation comes at her walking towards him.
To Andy's delight, his mom leans forward with her huge, massive mounds hovering in front of him just as before. Out of the periphery of his vision, he sees the stranger staring at his mom's ass as she bends over to speak with him. Before she raises his head away from her chest though, he's going to take in as much of the view as he can.
The view is much more titillating than he could imagine. The material seems to only cover her nipple area. With no straps or strings on the top, her shoulder and chest have nothing to hide behind. This leaves most of her bulbous, full, padded mounds of flesh to display bare. And the manner in which his mom's tits displays from his perspective can easily be misconstrued as being topless. His eyes quickly roam all over her chest and bulging mounds, taking in her smooth soft skin. He hopes that his mom won't pull him away from this magnificent view too quickly.
Victoria is getting greatly aroused playing with this complete stranger. And the game is about to become more intense with the next outfit. She's having too much fun and doesn't want to hold back on account of her unwillingness to embarrass her son. So, she needs to give him a heads up before proceeding to the next phase.
Again, she lifts his face to pull him out of his daydreams and begins speaking to him. "Sweetie, I hope you didn't get embarrassed with what mommy just did. I was just making sure this outfit was perfect for him and his girlfriend." Her son shakes his head. Victoria feeling relief, smiles at him and continues, "The next outfit will be lingerie, which are a sexier version of a woman's bra and panties. There are things that I'm going to let him do to me, and things that I'm going to do to him. It might embarrass you and be inappropriate. But it's important for me to help him in that way. Because he needs to know if the lingerie will look and feel hot and sexy on his girlfriend, and if it will turn him on at the same time."
Unaware of what she's doing, Victoria absent mindedly caresses her bare bulbous tits, and slowly, and sensually, twirls her round ass. "You see sweetie, lingerie is meant to turn a man on, make him horny, push him to throw himself at the woman, so they can have very steamy hot sex together."
As his mom tells him everything, Andy notices her licking her lips at certain times. He also notices her eyes sometimes rolling or traveling into the back of her head. Her eyelids seem heavy, she keeps closing and scrunching them. She continues to tell him, "So mommy is going to do things that his girlfriend would do. And he's going to do to me, what he would do to his girlfriend. It's the only way to help him figure out if the lingerie is the right gift. You might be embarrassed by what I'm going to do. So, if you want to avoid seeing me help the stranger, you should leave now." His mom says concernedly.
Ever since he can remember, Andy's mom has always helped so many people. Seeing her go to this extent to help a complete stranger doesn't surprise him. It just so happens that the help she's giving now is benefitting Andy greatly, and he's not going to do anything to prevent himself from seeing it. "No worries mom. I know you go above and beyond to help people. You always have. I won't be embarrassed. I'm just glad to see you doing so much to help a complete stranger. You're so amazing." Andy gives his mom a big smile. Secretly though, he's thinking about what she'll look like in lingerie. And also anticipates something really hot that will happen with the stranger.
Victoria smiles lovingly at her son. He's so sweet to be okay with what she's doing. She loves him so much and feels a tinge of guilt keeping her true intentions from him. She's never played this teasing game with him around before. But after all the things her son has seen transpire between her and the stranger, she's confident that her sexual flaunting isn't affecting him in any way. He's not showing any signs of it. After all, she is his mother, he probably thinks she's an old hag, and unattractive in every way. The erotic teasing she's doing is most likely off-putting and unseemly to him. He's probably just ignoring her actions and thinking of other things in his mind.
To show her appreciation for his great patience, Victoria gives her son a deep puckered kiss on his cheek. After a few seconds, she pulls herself away, giving him a loving smile before she walks to the fitting room. As Victoria turns to go, she sees the stranger with his hands down in his pants, a wet spot on its inner thigh, and a look of relief on his face. She smirks knowingly, and hopes he's not finished with the game because she wants relief from her building arousal too. Once she pressed her hand where the bulging wet spot was on his pants, the stranger opened his eyes wide. Feeling his cock over his pants, she applies pressure with her hand. Looking at him with a teasing smile, and lustful eyes, she seductively says, "I hope you're willing to keep going," she grins as he nods vigorously saying he's not done yet.
Andy's mind lingers on her kiss, preventing him from noticing his mom groping the stranger's groin. He could still feel the wet spot she left on his cheek. He narrows his focus on memorizing the feeling of her soft thick lips, puckered and wet. Never has he received kiss like that before and wants to burn it into his memory. As he falls out of his reverie, he notices that his mom is no longer there. The stranger sits leaning back with his eyes closed and has a look of satisfaction on his face. Just then, the woman who went into the fitting room earlier came out. Staring her up and down, Andy thinks that she's nowhere near as hot as his mom.
After a couple of minutes, his mom comes out to stand in front of the stranger and says, "Well...," the stranger opens his eyes and quickly sits up, staring stunned and shocked at his mom. Andy also stares at his mom with his jaw dropped. Standing in a sexy pose, his mom shows off her bra & panties lingerie combo. His eyes immediately draw to her chest. Similar to the tube top, most of the top portion of her tits are displayed bare, but with thing dark violet straps framing them. The bulging full mounds looks so alluringly luscious. The support, a light purple with violet trimmings, covers just the bottom portion. The bust line curves convexly sloping downward meeting at the very bottom of her cleavage. It shows a long deep crevice between her two massive mounds. And greatly accentuates his mom's curvaceous bountiful globes and deep cleavage.
Andy has seen his mom in a two-piece bikini before, but that bikini top doesn't make her tits look this round, curvy, and full. Nor does it make her look this sexy, lusty, and sultry. There has to be something about the way this bra looks: the shape, the color, the designs, and how it frames her. Whatever it is, Andy really loves it.
As his mom gives a sexy twirl to show the stranger what she looks like from all angles, Andy took this chance to also scan the sexy panties that she's wearing. The panties have the same color scheme and trimming patterns as the bra. Her hips form a curvier shape and stirs Andy's imagination. It gives him the desire to caress her hips. The backside of the panties doesn't display her ass cheeks like a thong, but the bottom lining covers her ass from just above mid-level. The framing by her panties greatly accentuates the fullness of her ass cheeks. The color scheme highlights and draws his eyes right to it. His eyes follow her curvy bulging ass cheeks, and they stare at the wedge of material being sucked into the crevice of her ass. Spurring him on to relentlessly grope her ass with his eyes.
Andy watches as his mom caresses the side of the stranger's face with her fingertips. The stranger's eyes are completely locked onto his mom's body. She lifts his face up with his chin to get his attention and asks, "How does it look? Will it be sexy enough on your girlfriend?" The stranger nods and tells her it's so sexy. His mom places both hands on her upper chest, seductively caresses down to her alluring tits, and cups them. "This lingerie shelf bra will make your girlfriend's enormous, massive, bulging, breasts much bigger, rounder and fuller," his mom tells the stranger seductively emphasizing every word while lifting her tits with her hands. The stranger stares hungrily at his mom gently playing with her chest.
His mom then slowly and sensually slides her hands down from her bulging tits, down pass her toned belly, and with her right-hand slides down over her panties caressing the surface covering her pelvis. Bringing her left finger into her mouth, his mom says in a sensual voice, "The shape and color of these panties will draw your eyes to your girlfriend's bottom area, won't they? Its sex appeal is amazing." The stranger nods while staring at his mom's finger being sucked between her thick lips. Licking his lips, his eyes travel downward to stare at her hand caressing her panties and says that his eyes definitely are being drawn to them.
His mom turns around, arches her back and pushes her ass out. She rests her left hand on her waist and caresses her huge ass with her right. "Look at how the lining hugs and frames my backside," she traces her fingers on the panty line curving across her ass cheeks and continues, "They'll make your girlfriend's backside look fuller, rounder, and sultrier." She greatly and seductively emphasizes the last word slightly twirling her ass. The stranger nods and says he can see how great they will make his girlfriend's ass look.
"So, you think this lingerie is hot and sexy?" Asks his mom while still caressing and sensually swiveling her ass. He nods vigorously and answers that it definitely looks hot and sexy. "Will it look hot and sexy on your girlfriend?" His mom continues. The stranger answers that it will definitely be hot and sexy on his girlfriend. Andy can't believe that lingerie could make his mom look so much hotter and lustier than any outfit he's seen her in. Her tits, ass, and whole body looks so much more alluring and tempting than any memory he has of her.
Andy observes his mom walking backward, leaning forward a bit, and pushing her plump round ass closer to the stranger. "Well, it's great that it looks great," his mom begins to say to the stranger. "But the best lingerie feels great. Not just for the woman wearing it, but for the guy that's being seduced by it." His mom seductively twirls and twists her ass in the stranger's face. "This lingerie will be perfect for your girlfriend only if it feels sexy to the touch for you," she once again caresses her hand over her panties on her ass. "So, go ahead and feel the panties to find out if it would feel sexy on your girlfriend," his mom insists.
Andy is filled with envy, wishing so much that he could be in the stranger's place. This groping will be much different from the booty shorts scenario. The shorts from before covered most of her voluptuous ass. But this lingerie panties will allow the stranger to feel the exposed part of her ass cheeks. Just the thought of feeling his mom's bare ass fills the tip of his cock with cum that ache to burst.
Andy watches as the stranger hungrily clamps his hands on his mom's firm plump ass. This time not caring to ask if it's really all right. The stranger roughly squeezes and roams his hands all over her panties' material and exposed ass cheeks. His palms and fingers dig into her expose ass. They shift and pull on her panties. He tells her that it feels so perfectly sexy on his hands. Gawking intently at the titillating sight, Andy begins to mindlessly rub his throbbing hard cock over his pants, imagining that he's the one ravaging his mom's juicy ass.
His mom then brings her ass down to sit on the stranger's lap. Pushing her full cushiony ass into the stranger's pelvis area. With her back still arched, her legs spread wide, hands on her knees, she pushes and twists her ass into his pelvis. "Some girlfriends would grind on their boyfriend in this kind of lingerie, would your girlfriend grind on you like this?" She asks the stranger. He stammers and tells her breathlessly that he usually would be naked when she does this. Andy hears his mom give a seductive moan and replies, "mmmmmm, well then you should pull your penis out to see how this would feel on it. It wouldn't be good if it feels unpleasant against your bare penis, right?"
Andy shockingly watches the stranger struggle to unbutton and unzip his pants. His mom seems to be unwilling to help the stranger by pulling her huge ass off his lap. Once the stranger pulls out his stiff cock, Andy frantically wonders how he can convince his mom to do this for him. He then sees his mom push her huge, firm, soft ass against the stranger's cock, and refocuses his attention back to the action. With intense jealousy, Andy watches as his mom twirls, twists, and grinds her ass into the stranger's exposed cock. Andy observes the stranger contorting his body. The pleasure from her ass dry humping his cock seems extraordinarily immense. Andy greatly wishes that he's the one receiving all that pleasure.
"mmmmmm, how does it feel?" Asks his mom to the stranger, as he continues contorting while his mom maintains her grinding, the stranger says aloud that it feels so great. His mom then stops her actions, to the disappointment of both. Andy observes his mom turning around and maneuvers herself over the stranger by placing both heels on both sides of his chair. Andy notices that she's looking down towards the stranger's hard cock and smiles. "I'm glad it feels so great against your erection. I'm sure your girlfriend would feel even better, right," she tells him. His mom lowers herself onto his lap. Her pelvis presses against the stranger's boner, her arched back pushes her chest up, and her arms rest around his neck and shoulders. Andy waits excitedly, impatient to know what will happen next. He marvels at how thorough his mom is with her efforts to help people.
His mom begins to swivel her pelvis on the stranger's lap, then tells him, "Now it's time to feel the lingerie bra," she wiggles her chest inviting for him. "You need to knowhow this will feel in your hands when your girlfriend wears it." Andy observes the stranger staring hungrily into his mom's massive mounds and nods. He grabs each enormous, full, firm orbs into his hands. And roughly squeezes and massages deep into her mounds of flesh. Andy watches with an intense urge to go up and do the same. Heaving breathlessly, his eyes lock onto the stranger's palms pushing the bra support into her heavy bags of flesh. His fingers dig into her exposed mounds, bulging and protruding her flesh between his fingers. The stranger jerks and jostles his mom's huge tits in every direction imaginable.
"Ooh, ungh, mmmmmm...," his mom begins to moan as Andy observes her contorting her body. "Ssssss, your girlfriend is definitely going to love how it feels on her. Mmmmm, how does it feel for you?" The stranger answers that it's the best thing he's ever felt. "Oooh, seems like this is the perfect gift for you and your girlfriend then," His mom then pulls the stranger's head into her full, cushiony, tits, shaking her torso, and strongly grinding on his lap. The stranger's face is lost in his mom's chest; her bulging fullness encloses around his head. This sight is so hot for Andy that he actually slides his hand into his pants, and instinctively squeezes his throbbing boner. After several seconds, his mom pulls the stranger's face off her chest, and Andy hears him breathing heavily to catch his breath. His mom then asks, "Does it feel sexy on your face too?" The stranger breathlessly answers that it's the best thing he's ever felt. "Sounds like this is perfect for your girlfriend then".
To their disappointment, his mom pulls herself off the stranger and stands in front of him. She straightens herself out, putting her lingerie back in order. "Well, that's it then, all three outfits are perfect for you girlfriend," she says smiling to the stranger. Andy observes the stranger nodding with a look of disappointment on his face as he puts his still s tiff cock back into his pants. He too can't help but feel disappointed that all this is over with. He pulls his hand out of his pants wondering if he'll ever see his mom in this hot scenario again.
"You're probably in a hurry to get going," his mom says to the stranger. "I might take a bit long to get dressed. So how about you come with me to the fitting room, and I'll give you the outfits so you can just go without needing to wait," the stranger excitedly jumps off his chair and answers yes to his mom's offer. "Follow me then," she says as she seductively walks into the fitting rooms with the stranger at her heels staring excitedly at her ass.
Andy was a bit upset that his mom isn't first coming to him before going back into the fitting room as she's done the previous times. He stares yearningly at his mom. His eyes glue to her ass, each cheek bulges much fuller with each step. He greatly desires so much to grab onto it, and plant his face into her bouncy ass, and finding out just how full and firm it is. As they disappeared into the entrance, Andy decides to follow them to try and sneak a peek thinking that after all the hot things she's done to the stranger so far, she'll probably do something really hot in the fitting rooms. Just as he was getting up, two women walked into the fitting area and straight into the fitting rooms. Then an employee came in to sort the unwanted clothes left behind on the racks and baskets. Not wanting to get himself or his mom in trouble, Andy decides to stay. Though with a feeling of great disappointment.
Victoria strides slowly and seductively, deliberately over emphasizing her ass that she knows the stranger is staring at. This sexy lingerie panties displays her ass very well, and she gives great effort in the swaying of her hips with each stride to bulge her ass even more. The fitting room she chose is at the very end, adjacent to the wall. Thinking that anyone who needs a fitting room will choose an available one closest to the entrance, Victoria purposely chose the one furthest away. Walking through the curtains, she tells the stranger to follow her in.
The two previous outfits she modeled were neatly folded and set on the floor. So, Victoria bent down to pick them up, pausing in position as she grabs the clothes. Making sure to arch her back to further accentuate her ass. With the mirror in front of her, Victoria is completely aware that he's staring fixedly at her plump ass and enjoys the reflection.
After a few seconds she lifts herself up and turns to the stranger with the clothes in her hands. She smiles mischievously seeing his eyes glued to the spot where her as was just displayed. "Here are the two outfits, I'll just set them down on this bench," she says snapping him out of his reverie. "I'll take off this lingerie and fold them up for you too," she continues.
Victoria turns her back to the stranger and moves her hands behind to unclasp her bra. Looking at the mirror in front of her, she sees the stranger salivating at her straps opening up, revealing her naked back. Turning back to face the stranger, her hands cupping the bra support, Victoria shimmies her shoulders, and her straps fall down her arms. A tingling sensation flows through her large mounds, stiffening her nipples, as she observes the look of anticipation on the stranger's face. She pulls the bra down to waist level, baring her enormous tits to the stranger in their natural glory. Her nipples protruding erect.
Victoria mischievously smiles as she observes the stranger hungrily gazing at her huge firm tits. As she slowly folds the bra just underneath her gently shaking tits, she tells the stranger, "It's lucky I found this size bra. Most of the time they don't have bras of any kind my size. My breasts are just unfortunately too big. That's why I don't own too many bras or wear them much. I'm sure your girlfriend has the same problem." She gives him a teasing smile as he nods his head.
Setting the bra on top of the other folded clothes, she once again turns her back to the stranger. "Well, time to take these panties off. I hope you don't mind that the panties are a bit damp from my sweat, and well... some other stuff," she tells the stranger over her shoulder, sliding her thumbs into the panties on the side. He tells her that it's no problem and only natural.
She turns her head forward then bends over, peering at the stranger's face with the help of the mirror, grinning as he licks his lips in anticipation. Slightly spreading her legs apart, with exaggerated motions, she shimmies her ass, seemingly struggling to pull the panties down. The panties slowly travel down the curves of her ass, bunches up covering her pussy, her dramatic motions jiggling her bare full ass.
Seeing the stranger's eyes widen and rubbing his cock over his pants, Victoria feels her pussy heating up, her wetness difficult to contain, she licks her lips, and her eyes show lust. As she pulls the panties down her long shapely legs unveiling her moistening pussy, she witnesses the stranger vigorously pull his cock out and begins to squeeze it.
She pulls each heel out of the panties and straightens herself up. Turning around while folding up the panties, she sees slight disappointment on his face, but thinks to herself that his disappointment won't last for very long.
"Oops, I'm sorry," Victoria says teasingly to the stranger. She tosses the folded panties onto the pile and walks up to the stranger, wrapping her hands around his hard cock. "Look what I've done to you," she says beginning to stroke him. "You must feel so uncomfortable. It would be cruel if I let you go to the cash register with this." She applies greater pressure to her slow strokes, her full bulging tits smooshing against his chest, her face inches from his face. "How about I help you with this last thing, and let you do to me, what you would do to your girlfriend."
Victoria takes a step back amused at the stranger enthusiastically pulling his shirt off and slides his boxers and pants down, bunched up around his ankles. Without missing a beat, he eagerly grabs her, plunging his face into her soft huge mounds. She gets pushed back against the mirror, feeling an intense arousal flowing through her body as the stranger aggressively sucks huge amounts of her full tits into his mouth.
She feels a powerful stimulation intensifying caused by the stranger sucking in her mounds of flesh, his teeth massaging her fullness, his tongue vigorously lathering her skin, his slobbery lips wrapping and pulling as much of her tits into his mouth. Every feature and inch of his face is discernable through her tits being squeezed and pushed deeper into his face by his rough hands.
She wraps one arm around his head, the other around his back, to have something to grip as her horniness increases, which pulls him deeper into her. Feeling his hard cock pressed against her pelvis, pre-cum trickling down his rod, she wraps one leg tightly around his leg, her pussy dripping her wetness down the inner thigh of the other.
The building up of her arousal has been accumulating since she entered Target, and she knows her horniness has reached its peak. She needs to erupt, she wants to erupt, she wants her cum to explode out of her pussy.
She feels his hands lift off her tits to grasp her ass, his fingers digging into fullness of her cheeks. His lips and tongue kissing her chest, traveling up to her neck, wet spots left behind with each contact. Both are now breathing heavily, Victoria's eyelids are shut, her arms wrapped around his neck and back, the stranger begins to lick and suck her neck. His hands strongly gripping her ass lifts her up, his oozy pre-cum covered cock sliding down her pelvis. She tightens her leg that's wrapped around his, and lifts her heels to stand on her tiptoes, anticipating what's about to happen.
The tip of the stranger's cock sweeps her pussy lips. His slithery tip slides so easily back and forth across her slippery slit, making her feel so horny, the wait for penetration is too unbearable. Victoria feels the tip pushing in, spreading her entrance, her pussy walls tightly squeezing him. Her body jerks as her wet pussy engulfs his cock deep inside. Trying with difficulty to suppress her moans, she muffles her orgasmic whimpers by biting down on her bottom lips. The hot tingling sexual tension permeates through her whole body, giving Victoria an unbelievable euphoric bliss.
As he continues to suck and lick her neck, Victoria hears his low grunts synced with his thrusts. The walls of her pussy pressing tight against every surface of his hard cock. Her ecstasy halts in anticipation each time she feels his length shorten in her pussy. Whenever he thrusts in, a wave of orgasmic bliss ripples throughout her body. She intensely squirms, loving everything that she's feeling. All that can be heard are the muffled whimpers of Victoria, the stranger's grunts, the slapping of skin with his thrusts, and her wet lathering pussy.
Victoria feels the stranger increasing his thrusting speed. His pelvis smacks much harder and louder, his cock driving in deeper, his grunts louder and more frequent. She knows he's close, and blissfully anticipates it. Her body and limbs squirms against his vigorously jerking body, their sweat lathering one another. Orgasmic bliss sets a tingling fire throughout every nerve of her body, her joints, toes, and fingers tightly clenching. His cock slams in deep and hard, her pussy walls grip tightly clamping down, not wanting his cock to escape, her orgasm desiring to release. The shaft of his cock expands against her tightening pussy walls, the tip bulges, he gives a loud grunt in her ear, then explodes.
Immediately Victoria convulses her body, muffling her cries and moans by shoving her mouth into his neck. Finally, she receives the feeling she's desired the whole day. Her orgasm erupts, one thigh grips his waist with her high heels squeezing his ass, while the other leg lifts off the ground tightly wrapping around his leg. Cum fills her pussy with each thrust, his rhythm slows with short deep pushes, her pulsing orgasm ripples through her body, her nipples on fire as they scratch his chest. Victoria loves the shocking feeling of orgasms as it explodes, and as it slowly falters, leaving her in a state of absolute bliss. Her spasms and spreading of warmth begins to subside after several seconds, her body relaxes, feet back on the ground, the stranger softens his thrusts eventually stopping.
As her pussy relaxes, she feels his cock softening inside. They stay locked together breathing heavily for a few seconds. She loves to savor the feeling of her climax in the aftermath, and also needs a few seconds to recompose herself. Victoria then nudges him a step back, his cock slipping easily out of her overly lubricated pussy. His cum sliding down inside her pussy, then falling out onto the floor, makes her feel incredibly naughty and dirty. It's the best feeling in the world. She sees a look of lust on the stranger's face as line of cum continues to seep out.
Licking her lips and showing lust in her eyes, she lowers herself, bending at the knees in a frog like position. Looking into the stranger's eyes she says, "I'm sure your girlfriend cleans you up afterwards, so I'll do the same," she grins at his enthusiastic nod. Unblinkingly, and eyes locked with his, she leans forward and touches his cock's head with the tip of her tongue. She moves to kiss his tip where her tongue touched, then slides her lips forward, wrapping her thick glossy lips around it. She continues to stare lustfully into his eyes as she moves forward sucking in more of his oozy limping cock deeper into his mouth. Her tongue lathers all over his cock, pulling cum off and mixing it with her own saliva.
As she tastes his cum and her juice, she's reminded of her love for cum, especially when it's mixed with her juices. Her eyes become more lustful the more she licks, down to his base, then back to his tip, salivating at the juices she's consuming. No longer tasing juices on his cock, she hungrily sucks his balls into her mouth in its entirety. Her eyelids closed and scrunched in bliss, twisting her mouth and tongue trying to consume every bit of juice covering his balls.
Once she has sucked him clean, Victoria pulls her head back, disappointed at the limp cock. The taste from the mixture of her juices and his cum was making her horny again, but it seems this stranger can't go another round, so it seems the game is over with this one. She stands back up giving him a smile and playfully says, "Hope I helped you well today. Your girlfriend's going to love these outfits. Go ahead and put your clothes back on and I'll give them to you."
As she gathered the outfits and watched him put his clothes back on, she can't help but feel sexually satisfied, albeit still lacking that deep emotional touch she so desires. Victoria hands the outfits to him and tells him to wait. She grabs her thong panties that she wore to Target and hands it to him. "A gift from me," she teasingly says. He happily takes the panties and takes a whiff of her scent before he puts it in his pocket. Victoria politely turned him down when he asked her for her number, telling him this is just a random encounter with a helpful stranger. With a somewhat disappointed face, the stranger turns to leave, giving Victoria's naked body a once over before doing so.
Smiling in satisfaction, Victoria proceeds to put her skirt and top back on, this time without any panties. As she does so, Victoria can't help but think about the fantastic climax she just had. The stranger is average at best when it came to his skills and techniques. Her incredible orgasm derives from the show she put on for all those guys in the clothing section. And also from the show she just put on for this stranger. Those two events built up her horniness to an incredible peak. Teasing and playing with them using her sexuality and body never fails to make her incredibly horny.
Now dressed back up, Victoria pulls out some wipes and a brush from her purse, then begins to clean herself up with help from the mirror. She continues thinking about what just transpired. It's always been true that her sexual arousal feels the best during her teasing games. No man has ever been able to stimulate her to this level by themselves. Their touches and cocks are pretty much just the earthquakes that helps her orgasms erupts. Which is fine with her. Sexual satisfaction is all she needs. Although she does wonder what it would be like to feel a touch on her body that also touches her soul. A kiss that pulls her into his world. And penetration that makes her feel as though the two are one, and something for her to know what love truly is. But she's accepted that this man doesn't exist and decided to have as much fun as she can until that fateful day when she becomes wrinkly with no more sexual desire or passion.
Andy stands in front of a manikin after seeing the stranger walk out with a satisfied look on his face. He can only imagine how his mom helped the stranger. But doing so only makes him hornier. So, he irrationally decided to get some relief with the help of the manikin that The Target employee left after sorting some clothes. She put a bra and panty set on a very buxom shaped manikin. This manikin must've come from the recent trends of appealing to curvy and voluptuous woman. The curves on this manikin aren't as hot as his mom's. But he's too horny to care.
He pulls his hard cock out of his zipper hole, then turns the manikin around, and presses his cock into her thong covered cold metal ass. He begins to dry hump, moving his hands to the manikin's front, cupping its big round bra covered tits. He doesn't think he'll get caught because this won't take so long since he's so damn horny. He doesn't know if it's because he's so horny, but dry humping this curvy manikin ass feels a lot better than he thought. Andy begins to imagine that it's his mom's ass he's grinding against, and her luscious tits he's groping. Through the sensations of his humping cock, and his imaginations of his mom, Andy lost himself into the passion of the moment. He was brought out of his reverie when a hand gripped his shoulder. He turned to see his mom staring at him with a mixture of shock, anger, and concern.
Andy quickly pulls himself off the manikin and looks at his mom with fear on his face. "Um, mom, let me, um I'm sorry, I uh--," Andy is at a loss for words. He doesn't know what to say. He thought he could finish before his mom came out. His mom's eyes travel downward to look at something, and he realizes his cock is still out and moves to put it back into his pants. He notices her eyes turn to look down at the manikin's ass where he was dry humping. Nervously turning to look himself, he sees his pre-cum lubricated around the manikin's ass and thong and becomes even more crestfallen.
Victoria can't believe what she just saw. Her beloved son was humping a manikin like a horny dog. Staring at his secretions on the manikin's thong and ass, it seems her son would've finished in just a few seconds had she not stopped him. How can her son hump this manikin like a horny dog? She turns to her son and in a calm voice says, "We'll talk about this at home, okay? Let's leave now before an employee starts asking questions."
"Mom I'm sorry--," Andy pleaded apologetically. Giving his mom a begging look, he doesn't want her to hate or stop talking to him.
Victoria looks into her son's crestfallen face, his eyes tearing up. Her heart sinks, she moves in and gives her son a tight hug to show she loves him. "Sweetie I'm not mad, we just need to talk about what you just did," she tries to explain giving him a caring smile. But he looks downward, his expression unchanging. "What you did wasn't right, it's just a mistake, and people make mistakes. We'll talk in more details at home all right." His son nods unenthusiastically. "You're not in trouble sweetie I promise. Now let's go.".
The tension in the car ride home is something Victoria has never felt before with her son. She feels worried about him the whole way home, wondering if she raised him without properly teaching him to think through the consequences of his actions. Her son is at an age where masturbation is an obvious past time, and she of course doesn't think it strange that he masturbates. But what he was doing wasn't masturbation, it's something that many people most likely see as a socially unacceptable act. A sex doll in his room wouldn't be strange, but a manikin in public? If she got caught in public doing what she just did to the stranger, Victoria would've quickly walked away in amusement, and nothing they say would make her feel ashamed. But if her son got caught doing what he did, it would have traumatized him because of how they would treat and shame him.
Andy refuses to face his mom, all the while, worrying about what she may think of him. He doesn't know what his mom will say or do to him. Hopefully, she doesn't send him to his dads permanently. He has no love for his dad, and nothing but love for his mom. Her hot body isn't on his mind in any capacity right now. Her hug in Target didn't affect him like it usually does. He just doesn't want her to hate him.
After reaching home, Victoria notices such sorrow emanating from her son, and feels a great deal of pain seeing him with such sadness. She sits him down on the couch next to her. Not aware of what she's doing, Victoria naturally crosses her leg resting one on top the other, forcing her skirt to recede and show a lot of bare thigh. Her body is positioned and angled in a manner to sexually arouse men if they were around, and she does this through unconscious instinct after years of playing and practicing her games. Feeling her heart sink seeing her son looking down into his lap, she needs to find a way to make him feel better.
Resting her hand on his shoulder, and stroking his chest with her thumb, she begins to talk, "Look sweetie, I know you're at an age where you're feeling horny, or sexually aroused," her son squirms giving him a horrified look. "It's okay," she continues, giving him a kind smile, "Don't be embarrassed, these urges are completely natural sweetie. Everyone has them including me." She begins to feel better seeing her son's expression change to a look of curiosity. "Masturbation is natural, again don't be embarrassed talking about this with me," she tells him as a look of apprehension falls on his face, "Since these urges are so natural, the only way to get relief is to masturbate, which means everyone does it, including me. So, you are masturbating isn't strange to me, I actually assume you masturbate already. By the way, I masturbate too, sometimes everyday, it's not a big deal." Her son gives a slight smile, warming her heart, "But we need to talk about you, well, um..., humping that manikin."
Her son turns his head back to his lap with a look of shame, so she decides to say this quickly. "I know I was doing some well..., randy things, in that fitting room area. Maybe that made you feel okay doing what you did. I just rather you not masturbate with a manikin in public." She gives her son a smile to give him a sense of levity with her lecture. "You should have gone to the restroom and masturbated there. If you got caught, it would have been very traumatic for you, and it would be very difficult for you to go through life brushing it off. Especially if word got around to people you interact with on a daily basis." She lifts his head to have him look at her, "tell me why you did it, what was going through your mind. Why there and not somewhere much safer? Don't be embarrassed telling me sweetie, I'll love you no matter what. I just want to understand, and maybe I can help you make better decisions next time"
Andy can't believe his mom is telling him all this stuff. Though, talking with her about sex and masturbation feels both embarrassing and tantalizing. Since there doesn't seem to be any way for him to get out of this, he'll just say everything and hope for the best.
"Well mom," Andy begins to tell his mom, "I did it because I was just so incredibly horny. That's all. I didn't think I would get caught."
Victoria gives her son a scrutinizing expression and pushes for further details, "But why the manikin and why hump it? If you really were that horny, why not just use your hand? Come on sweetie, tell me everything."
Her son hesitates a bit, but then gives a big sigh, and begins to tell Victoria everything. She listens with an expressionless and motionless demeanor, thoroughly absorbing in everything he was saying, and he said a lot. Her son confesses his attraction to her. Apparently, all this time that she's been practicing her sexy poses and sensual teasing around the house did have an affect on her son. She is completely wrong in thinking that he doesn't find her attractive, or that he wouldn't evaluate her based on sex appeal. His constant daydreaming and stares into space was really him staring at her just like the men she teases. Victoria is completely shocked to hear that he lusts after her, that she makes him horny, and that he fantasizes about her in all sorts of ways. So basically, what men feel and sees with Victoria, her son feels and sees the same exact thing.
After confessing most of everything to his mom, Andy is feeling very nervous, his heartrate rising, but he continues because his mom isn't stopping him. "So, you see mom, what I saw you do to that guy today was just so hot. I wished so much that I could trade places with him. I was just fantasizing about you doing it to me. So, when you took him to the back, I was imagining the things you might do to him, or the things he would do to you. And I saw him come out all happy and stuff. And got jealous. Then I started wondering what you did to make him so happy, and I started to get even hornier. And I was already really horny. So, I saw that manikin with bra and panties, it had big tits and a round ass, not as good as yours but good enough. And I just had to do it, I was just too horny, I was imagining it was you I was doing it too. I'm sorry mom. I'm such a loser." Andy looked down on the verge of tears, and felt the warmth fro his mom's embrace, her lips on his cheek.
Victoria can't believe she has done this to her son. Had she known he was attracted to her and thought she was hot, she would have never done those things within view of him. The way men are affected when she plays her games with them is sometimes cruel, especially when they pursue her, and she denies them. But her son has been a target of her games seemingly everyday for the past few years, unbeknownst to her. And unlike those other men, she has never given herself to her son, never helped him relieve himself, his arousal for her just keeps building. She needs to figure a way to help him, or he may make a mistake that will ruin his future in ways that he may not foresee.
"Sweetie you are not a loser," Victoria tells her son. "You are a normal boy who gets horny and sexually aroused when he sees a woman that he's attracted to doing sexy things. That's just like any other man or boy." She strokes her son's face, giving him a loving smile, and an understanding expression. "I had a lot to do with this. You're my son, and I'm your mom, the idea that you would see me as hot and sexy seems so ridiculous. It just doesn't seem possible that you would look at me that way, so I never felt the need to conduct myself appropriately around you." She explains.
"Mom you're the hottest girl I've ever seen in my life. You're way hotter than the girls at my school, and hotter than porn stars and Instagram models." Andy tells her.
Victoria blushes with a radiant smile after hearing her son say how hot and sexy, she is. She leans in to give him a kiss on his cheek then says, "You're such a sweetie, but these things that I do, the clothes I wear and the sexual poses, are designed to make me irresistible to men. To seduce them to a point where they're just begging to fu--, uh... begging to have sex with me. Had I known you were feeling the same thing these men were, I would've made sure to be more proper around you."
"No mom," Andy quickly says to her. "I really like looking at you when you do those things. I love seeing your body, and love seeing you in sexy clothes." He urgently tells her, scared she might stop on account of him. "You're so beautiful mom. Seeing like that makes me really happy. And today, I saw you in the sexiest clothes ever, and doing the hottest things ever. I've never seen you wear that stuff or do that stuff before, you made me so horny today. The horniest I've ever been in my life; I love the way you make me feel mom." Andy explains.
Victoria doesn't know what to think hearing those words from her son. On one hand, she's filled with so much happiness at his feelings for her, on the other, it's wrong for him to think of her and look at her that way, isn't it? "This is a lot for me to think about. I'll need to sleep on it, and hopefully figure out what to do about all this tomorrow," She informs her son. Seeing a look of uncertainty on her son though, is causing a desire for her to do something to reassure him that everything will be all right.
She hesitantly places her hand on her son's chest and gently caresses him. "I feel so bad for how sexually aroused I've made you all this time," Victoria begins to tell her son. "Especially for today. I figured you would find the things I was wearing and doing to just be embarrassing and disgusting. But now I've discovered that you were probably as turned on as the stranger I was helping."
Andy gives his mom an embarrassing and shy look, then tells her, "Well yeah, but I really liked how you made me feel. So, it's no problem"
Victoria gives her son a seductive smile and asks, "Are you still feeling... horny sweetie?" She continues to caress his chest. After a look of mild surprise and confusion on her son's face, he gives her a nod. She slides her hand down his torso, pass his lap, the finally rests it on his cock. "Oh, it seems you still have a boner, and it's pretty hard," She playfully says to him. "You must be so uncomfortable sweetie." Victoria smiles adoringly at her son's shocked and confused face as he nods.
Taking a deep breath, Victoria continues with her son, "This is inappropriate. But I feel very bad, guilty, for making you feel like this. I don't know what I'll decide for tomorrow, but for today, I'll help give you some relief. It's the fairest thing I can do for you, putting you in this predicament." Seeing a look of shocked excitement on her son's face gives her an elated feeling. "Just don't tell anyone."
Andy can't believe what he's hearing and is incredibly excited with whatever his mom will do to him. Since she's going to do something inappropriate to him, he decides to press his luck and request something, "Can I uh, touch you mom? You know, like your boobs in stuff?" He asks pleadingly and nervously.
Victoria thinks for a moment. For him to touch her may be extremely inappropriate and wrong since she's his mom, but she's been doing something inappropriate all this time, and she's going to do something very inappropriate now. She doesn't know how she'll feel about it, but her guilt propels her. She'll allow him to touch her with some caveats. "Well, all right sweetie," She replies. "But only over my clothes, don't slide your hands underneath. You can touch my exposed skin though. This is just a bit strange for me, and I'm trying very hard to act with you, like I would act with other men." Victoria feels very happy seeing a look of excitement on her son's face.
Victoria will need to put herself in the mindset that she's seducing her son like any other man. That's the only way she can commit to helping her son genuinely. Her son has told her everything he likes about her, no different really from what other men like about her, so she knows exactly what to do.
As her son obviously begins to salivate while ogling her body, Victoria stands her knees on the couch, pushing her cleavage just millimeters from her son's face. Seeing the familiar daydream stare on her son's face, she now knows what that look truly means. Nervously with slightly shaking hands, she applies more pressure to her hand touching her son's cock. With her other hand, she flirtatiously runs her fingers through his hair. In a mischievously sensual voice, Victoria tells her son, "These are mommy's titties. There so heavy and big," she says as she pushes and circles her enormous mounds in her son's face. "So big sweetie, that mommy can't find bras to fit them. I hope that's okay." Seeing her son salivating, licking his lips, and drooling dripping down the side of his mouth, assures Victoria that he's definitely enjoying this.
There are so many erotic sensations flowing through Andy caused by his mom's various actions. Her hand and fingers shuffling through his hair gives him chills down his neck. The view of his mom's cleavage right in his face, jiggling and bouncing, sends a stirring signal into his throbbing aching cock. Pronounced even greater by his mom's hand pressuring his boner. He gulps and answers, "Yeah, it's fine mom/"
"Just fine," Victoria replies with a teasing hurtful voice. "Don't be shy sweetie, tell mommy what you really think. Mommy wants you to be completely truthful, be as nice, vulgar, or...," Victoria leans down, gently pressing her perky firm tits into his arm and chest, then whispers into his ear in an airy sensual voice, "Naughty."
She pulls herself back into position with her massive tits hovering millimeters from her son's face, and hears him gulp and nervously say, "Um..., I love your, uh, tits when you don't wear bras."
Her hand on his cock is now gently stroking him, and she uses the other to massage one of her massive full tits. Continuing with her mischievous sensual voice, Victoria asks, "Oh yeah? What about them do you like?"
Victoria smiles as her son's mouth drops open as he watches her hands squeeze into the fullness of her huge tits. While licking his lips, her son explains to her, "I like them without bras because they bounce and jiggle more. They swing and move a lot more. And I can always see your nipples. It makes me so horny."
Victoria licks her glossy thick lips and gives her her son a teasing smile. Then she gyrates her torso for a few seconds, causing her massive mounds of flesh to bounce and twirl right in her son's face. As her tits falters back into position, shaking and jiggling until the rest still, she asks her son, "Like that sweetie?"
She couldn't help but gleefully smile down at her son gawking at her plentiful tits jiggling with his wide eyes and flattered at his cock twitching due to her tits dancing. He gives no response to her inquiry, unsurprising since he looks completely infatuated with her bountiful chest. She sees her son's expression begin to change into a look of aching and recognizes that he needs release soon. Time for her to please her beloved son.
Victoria pulls down her son's zipper, then slides her hand into the opening of the pants, then once again through the opening of his boxer briefs. She grasps her hands around his hardened round balls, flutter her fingertips over its surface. Smiling in delight as her son's face begins to scrunch in pleasure, a blissful sensation beginning to stir within her as well. Her finger slides down his obviously rock-hard shaft until wrapping around the tip, then pulls his cock in its entirety out of the openings. Her hands wrapped softly and securely around his hard lubricated shaft, licking her lips as she feels his pre-cum while she slowly strokes up and down. She admires the amount of pre-cum leaking out of his tip, and the heat emanating from his cock.
Andy is beyond amazed at what his mom is doing to him. This is more fantastic than every single fantasy he's ever had of her. His mom's hands felt so soft and silky when she first gripped them. As she strokes, the pressure feels so unbelievable, and soon after, her stroking lubricates his hard cock with his pre-cum. Allowing her stroking to effortlessly slide up and down his shaft. And also giving the squeezing pressures a greater sensation. It gives him pleasures he's never felt before.
Victoria's son's eyes scrunches shut from pleasure. She hears his deep heaving breaths of orgasmic bliss. Seeing such gratification from her son, along with stroking his beautiful cock, greatly stirs a sense of fire through her body. An erotic feeling different from all other times she's done this, it feels..., immensely wonderful.
Victoria has noticed that her son hasn't grabbed onto her tits as he requested. He's most likely too focused on the sensations he's feeling from her hand stroking his cock to think about it. This is probably his first handjob, so it may be difficult for him to feel and do many things at once. But she knows all men, including her son, loves her tits. He also specifically requested to touch them. The only proper thing to do is help him with feeling her soft full tits.
Still slowly stroking her son's cock with one hand, Victoria uses the other on the back of her son's head and pulls his face into her deep cleavage. She hears him moan, muffled by her huge soft pillows. Her son no longer relying on help to drive his face into her enormous tits, she feels his face rolling over her exposed cleavage and the covered portions of her tits. His arms wrap around her mid and lower back, pulling her tightly into him, pushing her tits strongly into his face. Her nipples stiffen, and she heats up even more from the sensation of her son's face caressing her soft flesh. Her breath begins to quicken and quiver.
Andy can't believe he's actually feeling his mom's huge tits against his face. They feel so much better than he could imagine. Better than when they're smushed against his chest from her hugs. Her mounds are so big, full, and firm more so than pillows. They're incredibly soft and resilient, springy against his face as he rolls around trying to feel and bury himself deeply into her bountiful cushions. Her fullness conforms over his face. His lips puckering into her tits every chance he gets.
The sensations from both his mom's tits and her hands on his cock is such an incredible feeling. Andy feels a hungry animal inside him desiring to completely ravage and devour his mom. But the feeling in his cock caused by his mom's hands tames the intense urges. Even so, he ravenously grabs one tit with one of his hand, while the other slides down to grasp her ass cheek. He eagerly squeezes both her huge tit and ass while continuing to roll his face in her cleavage.
Her tit is so enormous, his hand able to clasp just a small portion. They're so unbelievably soft and firm, springy against his squeezes. His mom's hard nipples, poking through her top's material, grazes against his palms, instilling an urge to pull out her tit to pinch and suck them. He continues to squeeze and jostle her tit, pushing it further into face.
As he plays with his mom's busty chest, one hand fondles her ass over her thin skirt. The material is so thin, he can feel the shape and fullness of her ass with his hands. His palm sweeps around her curves, trying his best to feel as much of her round ass as he can. Occasionally, he steals a feel of her bare ass by lightly lifting her skirt and grazing her with his fingertips. He marvels at how much bigger her ass feels compared to how it looks. Andy is completely enthralled at this moment, his hand on his mom's ass, the other squeezing her tit, his face buried in her chest, her hand stroking his cock, his heart is pounding, everything is causing cum to build in his throbbing cock.
Victoria's arousal feels beyond its usual peak. Her son is touching and playing with her in a manner no different than other men. Yet his touches feel so much sensational than any man she's ever been with. She feels a level of genuine appreciation for her body in every act done onto her. A contrast with other men, where she feels they would achieve the same level of gratification with a sex doll in her exact appearance. But her son makes her feel truly desired, as though her body is the perfect gift he yearns to eternally unwrap, and her soul the gift itself in which he will forever passionately embrace.
Waves of orgasmic fire has spread through her entire body, warming her skin, and creating a glistening shine. Her cleavage hot and moist from the friction of her warm skin with her son's face tensely sliding all over her chest. Her nipples so hard from her arousal, the horny sensations are amplified each time her son's palms flicks them back and forth. Her heart is pounding, her son should most definitely feel it against his face. Her breath becomes deep and heavy, quivering each time an orgasmic pulse ripples somewhere in her body. A pulsating squeeze unconsciously begins in her pussy as she loses controls of her actions to her orgasmic euphoria.
As her son continues to fondle her with his hands and face, her sexual arousal intensifies to a point where she has lost herself to the pleasures of the body. Her mind completely focuses on her orgasmic feelings and nothing else. The actions of her body are now dictated unconsciously by her sexual instincts. Victoria has never been in this mindset of lost before, but it is a feeling of emphatical and undeniable sexual fulfillment.
Commanded by her sexual instincts, Victoria's hand enthusiastically grabs her son's head and rams him vigorously in her cleavage. Her stroking hand squeezes tightly with pulsing pressures as she slides faster up and down her son's slippery cock. Her body achingly contorting and craving an explosive climax. As her orgasm continues to build, Victoria begins to audibly moan sounds of immense shuttering pleasure. "sssss, ohhh, unnngh, huohhh, mmmph,"
Andy tries with all his might to hold his cum from exploding. He wants this moment of incredible sensations to last as long as possible. But everything his mom is doing just makes him want to cum. Her moans are so hot, his aching cock twitches in rhythm with each sound. Her shaking and jerking body, with her hand clamping his head into her glistening chest, enables him to feel every movement of her body. It compels his hands to grip more tightly and fondle her more roughly. It feels like all the cum he has is now crammed in his tip, making it impossible to keep holding it in much longer.
Never before has Victoria's orgasms been built up this powerfully. The orgasmic tension has set fire to her entire body, her every pore, every nerve. It forces her limbs to clench and jerk, her body doing all it can to not buckle and fall apart into unimaginable pleasures. Her moans are now quivering cries of lust. Wet juices leak uncontrollably from her throbbing pussy down her thighs. She squeezes her son's cock tightly, stroking him fast. Her orgasm is screaming for a release.
Almost suddenly, a powerful orgasm erupts for both mother and son. Their bodies dramatically convulse, tightly clench, and grip each other. Andy's cum explodes out of his tip, drenching both of them in his white cream. His loud groans are muffled by his mom's enormous tits.
Victoria's climax is the most powerful she's ever felt so far in her life. As her orgasm explodes, her screams of lust are the sound of pure sexual euphoria. As her body violently convulses, her orgasmic tensions releases. Powerful waves of pleasures from her climax flows swiftly throughout her body. The fire evaporates through her as it happens, buckling her body into the tight clenches of her son's grip as her muscles succumbs to exhaustion. Her hand loosens her grip slightly on her son's cock, still mindlessly stroking it slowly. Her stroking hand is completely covered in her son's cum.
After a few minutes Victoria regains her awareness and becomes conscious of everything that she's feeling. She feels her body reverberating with a pulsing heightened sensitivity all over the surface of her skin. The weakness from the aftermath of her climax set in, making her incapable of holding herself up. Victoria realizes her body is being supported by her beloved son. Feeling his hand gently massaging her tit, his face still buried in her now sweating cleavage, sucking her flesh into his mouth, tasting her skin with his tongue, and his other hand underneath her skirt caressing her bare ass. She'll forgive him for breaking her rules because she feels so much in bliss right now. Chuckling at herself for still slowly stroking his cock, Victoria will allow a few more minutes to pass, to allow her son to enjoy her a little bit longer.
After a few more minutes, Victoria fights a strong desire to stay in the situation longer, and a desire to continue playing with her son. She gathers her strength and pulls herself off her son. She looks down at her son's face with a gratifying smile and becomes elated seeing a look of tremendous satisfaction on him. "Did you enjoy it sweetie," she asks. Her son looks up at her with exhausted eyes, then weakly nods. "Well it seems we made a mess here," she says unable to rid the elated expression on her face. "I'll clean it up no problem, why don't you go upstairs and clean yourself up? Don't protest with me sweetie, do as mommy says," she tells him.
Andy was too weak from his climax to say much to his mom. He just nods at her instruction, gets up, walks to his mom with his cock slightly stiff hanging out of his zipper opening. Without realizing it, he gives her a quick kiss on her lips, pressing his body into hers, rubbing his cum covered cock against her. Then turns around, and mindlessly goes upstairs in bliss. He'll clean up, rest due to his exhaustion, and workout what happened later.
Victoria stares at her cum covered hand, brings it to her nose, and revels in the lustful odor. With a craving look in her eyes, she hungrily licks her son's cum off her hands, savoring every ounce as it touches her tongue. And sweeps the cream around the roof of her mouth, to make the taste last as long as possible. She stands there licking her hand like an ice cream cone, looking like sex from head to toe. Her hair is disheveled, clothes are ruffled and out of place. Her sweat glistens and drips all over her body. And a lubricated shine, thicker than sweat, drenches down her inner thigh all the way down her ankle. Once she finishes, Victoria stands there with a look of absolute fulfillment, a feeling of uncertainty, and many thoughts on what the next step with her son will be.