"My first ever real party."
Elliot Needy was stoked. It wasn't so much a surprise party, yet many surprises were in store for Margo Needy's future world traveler. His close friends Brian, Cabot, Eric, and Heath had gone to great lengths to make it memorable. Mostly for them. They had been somewhat playing the young prodigy over the last two years in order to infiltrate his life at home. At first it was to meet his celebrity coach and adopted Father Darryl Needy, but shortly before they truly had the opportunity, Darryl was killed in a violent car crash. That left an emotionally grieving widow of epic proportions.
Margo Needy, herself somewhat famous in her barely legal younger days as a supermodel on the runway, was their top reason for even befriending Elliot. They wanted that sexy bitch bad. Whatever it took they ran the gauntlet, from not just striking up a friendship with Elliot but to console the goddess mom. That was not easy. Margo stayed to herself quite a bit over that year, yet did show her appreciation of their concern for her son. It wasn't until recently as her son's destiny changed that she discovered her desires to live again, included the four boys of nineteen years of age. A slow flirtation began her quest. The end result so far, was allowing Elliot to talk her into renting out bedrooms to the quartet of testosterone. Probably a huge mistake. She knew it was yet anticipated it just the same. Truthfully, looking forward to it.
"You can run out and join your friends by the fire pit. I'll be out later. Enjoy yourself Elliot."
"Awesome. I love you mom." Elliot hugs Margo tightly. Having just stepped out of her relaxing shower she was still wet and wrapped in a thin towel. Nothing new to Elliot yet devious in his own right, he tried to ignore just how hot his Mom was. NOT! He simply kept a poker face. Being adopted, certain sensations had activated years ago that he tried to hide from her. While not stepping over any lines that she was aware of, she still being his Mom legally on paper, he had a quite the crush on her. Nothing that he ever expressed directly at least to her face. Now behind her back that was a different story. He certainly wasn't above beating off around her when she was oblivious. He was pretty darn good at deception. It was better not to disrupt his happy home.
"I love you as well, now shoo! So, I can get dressed and beautify myself."
"Who are you trying to impress?" He chuckles after kissing her cheek, slyly staring down at her busty cleavage, her towel slipping lower to nearly an areola reveal. She was never one to be shy even though she was not instigating either.
"No one. You know me, I never slack on my appearance. I just can't."
"I know. I hope the guys don't embarrass me tonight."
"You know they will. They adore you and you're heading out into the world to make a name for yourself. These next six months will be an adventure. Studying with reknowned Professors in Paris France. I envy you, France is beautiful. It's too bad that the Cathedral of Notre Dame burned down. It was stunning." She sighs, "Speaking of stunning... GO ALREADY. So I can be equally as stunning."
"As if you aren't already. See you later."
"Oh! Drink slowly."
"I doubt I'm going to get drunk on Pepsi, Mom." He rolls his eyes.
"I allowed beer and hard stuff, as long as no one drives drunk."
"WHAAAAT?" Elliot dropped his jaw, "No way."
"Way! Please do not make me have to baby you all day tomorrow. Don't overdo it."
"You're the best."
"Of course, I am." She winks with a sheepish grin while adjusting her towel a tad for comfort, "I'm the best at everything I do."
One more ecstatic hug he clings to her like a second skin. So tightly that her slightly looser towel slipped even further, undiscovered until he lets go and steps back. Sliding a bit too much that pesky areola offered a thin hint of majesty, tits nearly fell into view, the rest of her backside uncovered. Catching her towel as it slips away Elliot took note of her curves from around the towel now only covering her full frontal. The sides of her were totally in view.
"Sorry mom." He looks but grits his teeth at the accident, seeing her full backside in her dresser mirror. Pointing with awe his vision just could not look away.
"GO!" She giggles, eyes narrowing at his linger. Not the first time but not something she thrived on exhibiting.
"GONE!" Out the bedroom door he went. Was it wrong of her to drop the towel to the floor before he was even all the way out of the room? Walking naked to her door she shuts it. A chill cascaded over her in that moment. What possessed her to do that? "I blame you, Darryl!" She giggled and spoke to her late husband, wherever he might linger.
Shaking off the chill by rubbing her biceps vigorously she snatched up her towel and dried herself thoroughly. Blow drying her hair and brushing it out her gorgeous brown locks returned to their former glory. Perfume, make up, and ruby red lipstick applied, she was ready to decide her attire. Normally she would be a day ahead in that decision making. Not today.
At her panty drawer she sifted for what felt promising. Fidgeting over choices she recalls the possibility that Brian Hancock had snooped into this very same drawer. Goosebumps rushed over her entire body at picturing him sniffing her panties, or worse. Had he touched any of them with his cock? Surely not. Her hormones were already on high alert.
"Stop thinking like this Margo." She closes her eyelids while taking a deep breath and holding it. "Those phone calls yesterday from all four of the boys confirmed a bit of my suspicions. They are so going to be trouble living out here with me." She sighs heavily releasing imprisoned oxygen. "Is that a bad thing?" She smiles teasing her nipples. "At least Elliot won't be here to see me shamelessly teasing his friends. I just need to not let things go too far. Good lord! I've been alone way too long." Deadly visions of seduction were creeping over her sensibilities. Of both they seducing her, and she them. "STOP IT THIS INSTANT."
Choosing a pair of black lace bra and panties she slips her long sexy, muscular legs through the latter pulling them up. Standing there holding the bra she frowns at it. With her surgically perfected 40D's begging her to forego the bra she ended up putting it back into the drawer. "Why do I even own a bra? I hate wearing them, but they do look very, very sexy when worn. I just can't hide what I'm proud of." She lifts her eyes as if to Heaven, "Thank you Darryl for my most amazing gifts. I miss you."
From there she went to her walk-in closet which was half the size of an already huge Master bedroom. She explored her hundreds of outfits, dawning on her that she had mentioned belly dancing she located her two dancing outfits. Trying them on with all of their clanging bangles she shook her tits just to hear the dancing jewelry. It made her wet as hell. The hip hugging skirt covering her black panties was a horrendous sight. Panties just ruined the effect. Scowling she removed her panties and explored the look in her mirror without them.
"What did I agree too? Wearing this will get me raped." She giggles. "I can't wear this in front of Elliot. Although he has seen me belly dance out by the pool a number of times since we adopted him. I'd think the sight of his friends..." She shivers at invisible eyes, "...and their friends would traumatize Elliot. I better not." She grits her teeth, "I want too though. Oh my God! Okay... cease and desist Margo." She flutters her fingers to expel the stress, hearing the coin like bangles clattering, mystically enticing her to give in to its own seductive atmosphere. "I'll bag it and change out there if I decide to risk it. If Elliot is alright that I dance, I will put it on. Dare I say it, I hope he gets drunk and falls asleep. I wouldn't feel so slutty then." One last shiver makes her smile, "I do like acting slutty. Again, I blame how I am on you Darryl."
Removing the outfit, she realizes how hot it was in her closet with no air flow around her. It was stagnant. Sweat was already overcoming her. Packing the outfit in a purse she sits it aside and prepares to search for her clothing selection. Her favorite colors were white and purple, she chose white, knowing the glow in the dark aspect could be found anywhere she hid away. Her dress was called a Racerback Crotchet cover up. Lace from just below the armpit down past her ribs. Her tanned flesh easily visible behind the thin lace. Lace also led down her back to nearly her butt crack but not quite. Thin straps on her silky shoulders held it up while the cleavage busted outward revealing a healthy dose of 40D succulence. The dresses skirt drifted just past her upper thighs and butt cheeks. Any unexpected bends and that skirt was climbing high.
"Too sexy?"
She twists in step in front of her mirrors and notes her nipples stabbing at the solid white material over her chest, it was a soft cotton as if a t-shirt might feel. Certainly, comfortable in this heat. With fingers paused over her lips she stares at her reflection. Her gorgeous legs expressing how sensual she wanted to be, she ran her hands down over her body until reaching the hemline of her skirt.
"I look delicious. Do I wear this? I know Elliot will worry that everyone will be staring. Should I change into something more conservative?" She pinches at her skirt in front of her and realizes that she had removed her panties. "I can't go out there without... can I? Should I? If Darryl were here, I guarantee I would, he would enforce it to show me off. I'll just take a pair and put them in my purse. At least it's breezy outside tonight so things won't be so miserable." Giving in she surveyed her shoes. Wanting to wear heels to be even sexier until realization that the walk out to the pit would be rough, she just went with sandals. She would likely kick off her shoes once out there, anyway, so why ruin her goddess heels. Right?
Gathering her things, she shut out her lights and made her way downstairs. From her foyer she heard what sounded like motorcycles. "What in the world?" Opening her front door, she discovered a pair of ATV's darting about with headlights on high beam. The activity made her smile. On the back of one of them sat Elliot with a boy she had never met. A very healthy young man in a tank top and shorts, ballcap backwards on his head. The other ATV driver was riding solo, in the darkness she couldn't quite make out who he was. As she began her stroll the ATV's caught up to her shining their lights on her backside. Both vehicles came to a slow halt behind her as she hears, "Mom?"
Turning to face them she hadn't even considered what bright lights over her thin white dress was revealing. Her entire curvature was outlined by the glow seeping through and around the cloth. The shadow of her butt crack was impossible to miss. With a toot of a horn, she realized that the solo rider was Brian Hancock. Stepping toward her son she smiles. "What have we here?"
"Need a ride to the bonfire camp Mrs. Needy?" Brian checked her out. She worried more about Elliot's thoughts on her dress as a healthy breeze whipped at her loosely flowing skirt.
"These do look fun." She grins then looks at Elliot. Even he was eying her a bit too much for being her son. She chalked it up to him deciding how he felt about her showing off a bit.
"You look beautiful tonight, Margo." Brian sat back on his seat with his muscular arms crossed.
"Thank you, Brian. Elliot? Are you alright?"
"Yeah, I'm good. You do look nice mom."
"Good. I was worried there for a second."
"Hey Mrs. Needy," The boy with Elliot extended a hand to shake hers. "I'm Derek."
"Oh! The boys mentioned you. Hello Derek." She leans forward a bit to shake his hand, her cleavage crushing together a bit more enticingly. Derek's eyes were drawn to them instantly. She knew he was enjoying the view. Elliot merely laughed. Brian drooled. No shock there.
"Hop on Margo." Brian encourages her with a thumb cast over his shoulder at the extra room on his seat.
"Alright! I've never actually been on an ATV before. No seatbelt?"
"Just wrap your arms around my waist and hold on tight."
She hesitantly explored how best to get on, knowing that the second she lifted her leg her lower body would likely be exposed. With Derek and Elliot slightly behind Brian that meant they would get a bird's eye view in the headlights casting over her. Whining a bit, she just does it. Sure, enough her ass and a very quick preview of her clam popped into view. Elliot hadn't even noticed it. He was more amused that she was even accepting a ride. Now Derek? He was biting a knuckle.
With her purse tucked into her lap she leans forward, crushing her chest against Brian's back. Her skirt flowing free out from under her cheeks she felt leather on her thighs. She was really turned on regardless of her son being there. Gritting her teeth, she accepted her fate. And the ATV's vibrations taunting her hormones.
"Ready?" Brian peered over his shoulder.
"Yes."
Revving the ATV, he howled out loud making her giggle. Shooting off like a light Brian drove aggressively. It was a good jaunt toward the distant bonfire where cars were parked surrounding the party. Three large 6-man tents were set up around the area too. Music blaring Heavy Metal tunes at the moment. With Eric's amps the music was especially loud. This party was larger than Margo had anticipated. As Brian zipped around the camp, she got a good look at the group of men in attendance.
"Oh my God!" She whimpered to herself biting her lower lip at the sight of at least 25 men drinking and goofing off. Trailing behind Brian's stride Derek was enjoying how the wind was whipping her skirt up over her ass cheeks.
"Dude! Your mom's not wearing panties." Derek called back to Elliot. Elliot scowled and smacked Derek on the back of the head. Derek's hat nearly fell off.
"Quit looking."
Laughing Derek yelled, "Not going to happen Bro. Your mom is molten lava hot."
"Whatever." Elliot shrugged and tried not to check Margo out. Not easy even for him. He was just happy to be having a party. Having drank his first beer earlier he was already buzzing. Lightweight!
"Brian?"
"Yeah?" Brian tilts his head back toward Margo.
"You said a few more friends. It looks more like your entire graduating class."
"Some of the guys went to other schools. Heath wrestled with some of them. All good guys. Don't worry we got you."
"I'm not worried. I know you boys will respect me."
"Probably not." He laughs.
"What?"
"Shut up and enjoy yourself." He chuckles. She was. The ride was wonderful as he circled the camp. Guys taking notice of her were whistling loud. She found herself hiding her face into Brian's shoulders.
"You alright Margo?"
"Just trying not to laugh. It's been ages since I've heard wolf calls."
"They're just blowing off steam."
"It feels strange. Why am I the only woman here?"
"Respect. There IS one other woman here though. Well, a few more than that."
"Oh?"
"We brought Elliot a date or ten."
"You did?"
"Yeah! One in particular digs Elliot so we invited her out. Maybe he'll lose his virginity."
"Oh my God! BRIAN!!" She giggled.
"Her name's Erica. Cute blond, big tits."
"TMI!"
"Don't tell Elliot. Let it be a surprise. We have her and a few of her friends hiding in one of the tents."
"I guess it is time that he experiences what it feels like to..."
"Get laid?" He grins hoping to turn her on. Too late Bri. Momma Margo was crazy horny.
"Yes. I'm trying not to visualize that."
"Two more circles around camp I'll head in. Just figured I'd show you a good time to make you loosen up."
"Oh, I'm loose." She chuckles, "That didn't come out right, did it?"
"Hope not too loose." He laughs.
Pelting his shoulder she hisses, "Behave."
"Never." He shared in her laughter. With sparkling eyes hidden from him she began letting her fantasies run wild. It took seeing Elliot whizzing by with Derek to find reality.
"Calm down Margo. You can't misbehave tonight. Just be mom." Pouting at her denial she really just wanted to be sexy and noticed. "Darn it."
Ending the tour of the testosterone arena Brian led Derek in and shut the ATV down. Music playing Five Finger Death Punch at the time she could barely hear herself think. Met by Eric Crowe and Heath Talbot her soon to be roommates they offered their assist in her climbing off. The skirt taunting them with a thin sliver of butt crack while still seated, she accepted Eric's hand and lifted her leg to leave the ATV. Heath moved behind her just to see what little he could. Not much unfortunately. Still, he drooled. As did four other boys beyond Heath's field of vision.
Elliot climbing off of the other ATV stumbled a bit as he watched his friends fawning over his mom. He wasn't certain what to make of it. Before he could think anything more into it Cabot Ross stepped up with another plastic cup of beer. "DRINK UP BUDDY." Elliot nodded his approval and guzzled it trying to show that he could hang with the big dogs. Yeah, that wasn't happening. As Elliot guzzled Cabot motioned two of their other friends Ben and Greg to guide Elliot away and give the others time to spend with Margo.
Margo felt a tad overwhelmed amid eight surrounding boys with beers in their hands. Brian noticed her purse which fell to the ground upon lift off. The belly dancing bangles clanging made a few of them notice it, even over the music. The bag being open allowed its contents to escape. While Margo and Eric chatted, Brian picked up the bag and shared the contents behind her notice. Puckering he lifts her earlier worn panties out and shows them off. Putting them to his nose he inhales them. With Margo busy he passes the panties around. Everyone there enjoyed her scent. Leaving them to circulate the entire camp he tucks the belly dancing outfit back into the purse and approaches Margo from behind. One hand on her lower back he passes the purse to her.
"You dropped this mom."
"Enough with the mom stuff." She giggled taking the purse. "Eric? Do we have any music less instrumental? What about dance music?"
"Who's dancing? You're the only girl here to dance with." It zoomed right over her head of Brian's admission of girls hiding in a tent.
"I love dancing."
"Belly dancing." Eric reminded her with a playful wink of encouragement.
"Dancing, dancing too. All kinds. I can dance with you if you want to."
"Love to. I'll go find something worth dancing to." Eric left her to Brian, Derek, and Heath. The four other boys stepping in to introduce themselves.
"Hey Mrs. Needy. I'm Nick. This is Anthony, Cole, and Vince." A point at Heath connected dots, "We wrestled with that crazy bastard there."
"Rival school I hear." She accepts a kiss to her knuckle making her blush a bit. "Such a gentleman."
"That won't last." Brian taps Nick on the arm. Freeing her hand, she merely fluttered her fingers at the other three boys. They bantered about with her until Eric cut the music off. With silence, more introductions arrived as Elliot wanted her to meet two more friends. Their eyes were glued to her chest. In response her eyelids flared, and she literally fanned one hand over her cleavage as if hiding them. Her fingers lightly slipping under the dress.
"Love that dress Mrs. Needy." Complimented a boy named Mark.
"Thank you." She shivers then turns her attention on Elliot. "What do you have in your hand Mister?" Elliot lifts a pint of Jim Beam before taking a swig. He grimaced at the taste but tried to look cool. Her brows peak at his actions. "Don't you drink that too fast."
"Want some?" He offered. Every guy there looking at her body nodded with a silent, "YES I DO." She noticed.
"Maybe a nip to curb the nerves." She thought. Claiming the bottle, she took a drink and shook vibrantly. Her tits dancing as much as the silicone implants allowed. It was enough to get a few boys to laugh at her actions. "Wow! It's been a while since I've tried that stuff straight. My chest is burning." She patted both breasts as if on fire and trying to extinguish the flames.
"Speaking of burning. Let's go pull up a dress... I mean log by the fire." Brian slipped by her in her alcohol heated distraction. Guys had heard and couldn't have agreed more. "Get the lady a beer." A chaser might do the trick she confessed nodding. Led through the gathering Brian guided her to one of the long benches Darryl had made when he was still alive. Taking a seat with Brian and Heath to each side of her she admired the bonfire. Including three boys adding wood to it. All of them looked incredibly fit.
"I heard some jingling in that bag." Brian pointed at her purse which she sat at her feet.
"Don't get your hopes up just yet, but I brought a belly dancing outfit. Courage might take a few more drinks." She giggles.
"In that case... I'll just roll that keg over here." Bri chuckles at surrounding friends. Two more introductions kept her busy. She would never remember all of their names, but she would recall physiques. Margo Needy was drooling herself. Oh, she noticed erections. Everyone she took a glance at had one.
"This is going to be a long night." She giggled to herself.
Kicking her sandals off to relax Margo endured stories of wrestling and sports. She was bored out of her mind but tried to appear interested. Just looking at erections made her time pass, that and fielding glances at her body. There were moments when she dared herself to keep her hands away from her lap. Sitting back, she allowed the breeze to direct her skirt as it willed. Faint peeks were glimpsed but nothing to brag hard over, mostly her gorgeous legs were exhibited. They were certainly being noticed.
"You have nice legs Mrs. Needy." Confirmation! A boy named Tony nodded crouching down in front of her as if getting comfortable while nursing his beer. She lifted her right leg as if looking her own limb over. Easy up the skirt view that time. Tony saw pussy as she lingered there a moment intentionally teasing him. "You must work out a lot."
"I do. I love staying fit." She smiles wiggling her toes.
"Margo used to be a fashion model." Heath pointed out. "Shortly out of high school herself back in the lay." Day even!
"Sexy." Tony winked. She shivered, staring back at him with devilish eyes. She nearly lifted her leg higher when Elliot broke in ruining the moment. Handing her a fresh beer she claimed it and put her leg down.
"Having fun?" She studied Elliot's face. She could tell he was getting drunk by his unsteady legs and narrowing eyes.
"Hell yeah!"
Brian opted for that moment to stand up and propose a toast, all eyes on him as he clears his throat. "HEADS UP YOU BASTARDS." He yelled. As if there was a head not up with Margo in their presence. Even she thought about that inevitability. It made her caress her left leg with her right toes for Tony. Even with Elliot right next to her she teased him. Others noticed too.
"I want to toast our boy Elliot here. The Big Brain is going off to French tickle some bitches in Paris." Elliot snorted spitting his drink grossly. Everyone laughed in his honor. Margo winced at his sloppiness. "I think I speak for everyone here when we say GOOD FUCKIN' RIDDENCE NERD." Margo dropped her jaw at Brian's outburst. "Just kidding Buddy." He shook his head no regardless, to receive more chuckles. "We love ya." He then turns to Margo, "Love your mom more... but we love ya."
Teetering in step Elliot extended a hug. Brian in reply put a hand on Elliot's forehead keeping him at bay. Seeing her son sad Margo jumps up and sits her beer down.
"Come here Baby." She hugged Elliot herself as Brian stepped back. Nobody around Margo and Elliot remained in their vicinity. They knew what was coming. From behind the embracing mother and son stepped four boys hauling beer coolers. Lifting them over their heads they ambush Elliot and Margo with freezing ice water. In the waterfall Margo screamed and stepped back, frozen literally at what had just occurred. More water drowned her front. Elliot called everyone, "MOTHERFUCKERS." Sooner or later that nickname would be true kid.
A drowned rat Margo stood shivering from the shock. Coolers lowered; a dead silence filled the void. Margo Needy's thin white dress was 100% transparent in the glow of the bonfire. Top to bottom it clung to her curves. Guys were whistling and applauding enthusiastically. In a panic Margo covered her chest and thighs as best she could. Not due to being seen nude but because of Elliot. Elliot did not need to witness her body being subjected to delectable scrutiny. One would have thought the ice water would have sobered the boy. Not even close. The Jim Beam was destroying his perception.
"OH MY GOD!" Margo yelped and leered about at the gauntlet of eyes worshipping her body at the moment. Seeing her discomfort Cabot Ross moved in next to her to take things in another direction.
"QUIET!" The troops lowered their voices. Margo in shock still standing in awe of her predicament listened to Cabot. "ELLIOT? WE INVITED SOMEONE SPECIAL TO THE PARTY JUST FOR YOU."
"What? Who?"
"We got a clown." Ben Dunn chuckled.
"He is the clown." Brian added.
"Noooo! Elliot? You're going to need this, Buddy." Cabot lifts a condom up in front of Elliot's eyes. Hardly anyone was looking at Elliot. Only at Margo. She stood strong regardless. Watching the events unfolding Margo found it somewhat amusing.
"OHHHH SHIT! You guys bought a hooker?" Elliot laughed, sipping his Jim Beam.
"She's a lady. Don't put her down or she won't give you any." Heath busted up.
"Where is she?" Elliot looked around.
Cabot twisted Elliot around by his shoulders, away from Margo and points at the tents. "She even brought some friends to make your last night in the country memorable."
"Her name is Erica." Heath added, "Why don't you go on over and get your dick... blown."
"Fuck yeah." Elliot took off stumbling in his drunken state. Everyone cheered him on yelling, "HERE COMES ROMEO." Margo almost felt badly for him. She kept her mouth shut but it felt wrong. As Elliot enters the tent everyone hears him yell yet again, "MOTHERFUCKERS." He comes back out of the tent dancing with a blow-up doll. Everyone died laughing. Even Margo still covering her full frontal in a lesser shroud of limbs. Her backside a yummy perfection however was captured by more than a few cell pics.
As Elliot danced with AIRika he lost his balance and fell forward over the doll. For a minute it appeared he was dry humping it. Then, Elliot Needy stopped moving. Cabot winced, "Oh crap! I think Elliot passed out."
Margo being mom bolted toward her son and coddled him. He was out cold and drooling. Brian and Cabot helped claim him from the ground. Margo stood up as they carried him back into the tent. Following them she leered inside to find five more blow up dolls in seductive poses. She burst out laughing.
"You boys put way too much thought into this. Are you certain those other girls are not your girlfriends?"
"Into everything we do mom."
"Including dousing me with freezing cold ice water? Not that it doesn't feel good."
"That part wasn't planned." Cabot stood up and looked at Margo cloaking herself with her hands. As they stood over Elliot slumbering Brian opted to take the dolls and strategically place them around Elliot. One under each arm. One looking as if it were sucking his dick. The last one over Elliot as if the 69 position. Margo was not happy seeing her son abused. Even if she did giggle.
"I need to go dry off." She shivered.
"By fire out there. You'll dry off fast." Brian stood behind her rubbing her biceps to warm her, his eyes monitoring that transparent ass.
"I can't go out there with a see-through dress." She whines, "There's over 20 men out there."
"So?" Brian sighed.
"I..." As she trembled music returned. Eric had finally jump started the actual party. The song was an oldie from LMFAO called Sexy and I Know It. She shook her head laughing, "I must be crazy."
"Come on." Brian swept her off of her feet and carried her out of the tent. The closer to the fire they got her dress revealed her pussy in its sopping wet dangle toward the ground. Her cunt clammed up while in Brian's cradling arms was in perfect view for all eyes to see and he moved in circles just to show her off. Guys gathered around to get an eye full until Heath forced everyone to give her room to breathe.
Standing her by the fire Brian eyed her hands covering her body. She stared back at him without blinking. She was literally a deer in headlights. Brian took that moment to start dancing. She shook her head trying not to laugh at the song playing. Brian was pretty sexy, and he knew it. So was she. So did she. Still, this clinging dress made her feel edgy. Too many men hoping that she might go further with them. Part of her wanted to, another part was remaining smart.
"Come on Margo. Loosen up." Brian claimed her hands moving them away from hiding her body. Nipples stabbing high with the dress barely drying revealed her tits to every man there. She held her breath and decided to just dance. What began slow led to more seductive moves. Guys were loving it. She was getting more and more motivated. So much so that she began crouching lower and using her hands to toss her damp skirt about. Not as revealing as guys wanted but certainly a start. Hopefully Margo Needy would just strip.
Turning toward the fire she chose to twerk a bit for the men, laughing at herself for even doing it. Fortunately for her, the fire dried her backside, regardless she was still sexy as fuck. She was having fun. So were all 27 men present crowding around her just for a better look.
The song changed to yet another oldie from Tone Loc called Wild Thing. She loved that song. A crowd pleaser, the song made her move about more. With her dress less transparent now she circulated a bit more. Going from boy to boy and dancing with them, or at least for them. Erotic poses achieved lots of up-close grinding. Guys taking a bit of liberty in holding her lower back as she rubbed her chest against theirs. The second a hand started to go lower she escaped them and moved to the next. Guys were riling up, yet afraid to touch too much. Taunting them made her worry they might take her by storm. Was this really worth the risk? She knew her four new tenants would keep her safe, but the truth was... did she want to be saved?
Wild Thing ending the song switched to Missy Elliot's Pussycat. While not aggressive it allowed her to randomly pick and choose certain men to dance up close with and caress their cheeks. The praise for her efforts were stimulating her desire to offer them a bit more. Not all by any means, but a bit more regardless. Turning her back to Derek she rubs directly into him with her hands in her hair. His palms gravitating to her hips was allowed. Lowering her right hand, she reaches back to palm his cheek and gyrate her ass over his obvious monster. Eyelids fluttering, she expels a moan. Margo Needy was feeling the moment. A moment that Derek used to his advantage in moving his hands up toward her chest. So close his fingers brushed ever so lightly the bottom of her tits. In a split second she whirled in his hands and faced him. Exhaling in his face she wags a finger and abandons him. He was crushed.
Torment moved from boy to boy, man to man, the Cougar enjoyed the stalking of prey. Anticipating the end of the song, she charged toward Cabot and slapped her palms on his chest.
"Did you boys plan this?"
"What? No. Only the things we did to Elliot. Sorry for the ice water."
"You boys pretty much saw me naked. I'm not sure how I feel about that." Her unblinking gaze told them differently.
"You were really getting into your dancing." Heath stepped in with concern.
"I love dancing. I intend to dance some more. Go get me a beer." She fanned herself as Eric halted the music to save good tunes until she might be ready again. Heath ran to bring her a fresh beer. Drinking it rather quickly Margo knew that the alcohol would prompt her to be nastier. She wanted to take her chances. Trust in her new roomies needed to be established. Tossing the empty cup over her shoulder she pointed at Eric to resume his music. A thumbs up later he hit the jams.
"Ohhh boy." She giggles as Khia's My Neck, My Back began. This was by far the deadliest song to date. Highly explicit and getting the boys worked up hard, she embraced it and used her hands to touch herself like a stripper. In her fever she takes her shoulder straps holding her dress up from her shoulders letting her dress slither down a bit. Her monster tits offering a fair share more of intimate cleavage. Stalking more prey she moved about, taking her hands from her cleavage to just see how far her dress might drift. Her hands went to work elsewhere. Falling against a boy named Greg Shepard she danced body to body, her ass glued to his crotch. Her right-hand prowling over her belly to pounce over her pussy, mashing her dress up between her legs. In doing that her skirt rose slightly. Greg being ballsy ran his hands up her skirt along her hips revealing skin to his friends. Only Margo's compressed hand kept her skirt down in front. Whistles all around. In his enthusiasm Greg took the chance of nuzzling her neck. He definitely heard a moan.
Peeling away in a burst of adrenalin she stormed up to three guys standing shoulder to shoulder. Her cleavage was barely hiding her areolas at this point. The three boys teamed up to see just how far they could go. Hands roamed her body as she defied her temptation to hold her dress down. Would they strip her? The man on her left rubbed her hip along her skirt's hem. Without her holding it down he could easily lift it up and show off her sweet, thinly shaved pussy.
The man behind her kissed her shoulder and squeezed her biceps, fingers tentatively trying to lower her shoulder strings even further. Eyes closed to calm her nerves she continued grinding. The man on her right palmed her chest between her tits not directly over them, his thumb dipping beneath the cleavage of her dress as even more encouragement to get those big ole' beauties into full view. Leaning in to nuzzle her wet hair he tried not to appear obvious. In her thoughts Margo was begging to be raped. Sadly, it was not in the cards. Cabot eased in and pulled her dress up over her chest and took her away from the guys before they could do any real damage. In rescuing her Margo felt a chill overcome her flesh. They were trustworthy after all. That was good and bad in the heat of it all.
Purse in hand Heath stood ready to potentially escort her home. Instead, she chose a different tactic. Taking Brian, Cabot, and Heath with her toward the fire she positioned all three boys into a human wall. As they tried to look behind them, she would palm their heads and tell them, "Look straight ahead. Do not peek. I mean it." They complied.
With the fire preventing anyone from being behind her Margo Needy took her dress off and hurled it over the heads of her roomies. They knew she was naked, and temptation led Brian to begin a turn. Cabot prevented him from it with a hard elbow to the chest. Purse tossed over them they heard the jangling of her belly dancing costume. Seconds later Margo stepped out from behind the boys wearing basically a scarf like skirt that drifted low on both hips revealing flesh yet covering her pussy. Only a micro thin band held the skirt aloft with the quicks of her thighs visible, shadowy triangles in the inner corners like a devious grin. She was pretty darn close to being nude down there. Her thin belly attachment was down to a dangerously visible pubic territory, a slender tower of pubic hair snuck up over the waistline. The bra was silky white and barely covering her nipples. Regardless of being covered they stood perky and excitedly evident; the remainder of her breasts draped in gold ornamental coin like sequins.
The audience dropped their jaws as much as they had when she was sopping wet. Looking at Eric for a song that she knew he was planning she flipped her tongue out at him to prove she was ready for anything. A forced unprepared pause led everyone to check her out up close. Her ass cheeks were seen through the sheer skirt. Chin on her shoulders to admire the boys circling her she maintains a bright sparkling gaze. So seductive. Greg Shepard flicks a bangle along her breast making her lick her lips.
"Hold up!" Cabot steps in and halts the territorial feeding ground around her. "Margo? What are you doing? Are you trying to get these guys too worked up?"
"Of course, I am. It's just a dance Cabot. Don't look at me as if it's wrong when you boys drowned me earlier and made me stand here dancing in what I would say less clothing. At least in this outfit the yummy parts are clothed."
"Yummy parts." He chuckles. "How are you even keeping this skirt on your hips? Its barely hanging by threads. I see pubes!"
"Maybe they will hold it up, maybe not." Another tongue razz "It might not stay on my hips for long. I guess we'll just have to see, won't we?" She intentionally shakes her hips. "Cross your fingers."
"You sure you want to do this mom? I just rescued you once tonight."
Looking toward the three boys she had been dancing between earlier she invites them closer. "Did I need rescued when I was dancing with you?"
"Want the truth?" The man who had been kissing her shoulders winks.
"Always."
"Yeah, we were going to take your dress off."
Her eyes flare, "Oh!"
"And feel you up really good." Another chose to admit.
"You're too sexy not to want to see naked."
Cabot frowns, "See?"
Eric begins the music making Margo react unexpectedly. Instead of feeling threatened she throws her hands in the air at an Arabic tune of flutes. Winking at Cabot she smiles, "Only save me if it goes that far."
"Wow! Gotcha, Mrs. Needy." Oh, Cabot wanted her naked. His act was just spot on. Watching her hips and belly do a seductive series of tremors Cabot stepped away and joined Heath and Brian.
"Dude!" Brian whispers into Cabot's ear, "She wants to get fucked. Let's just tear it up."
"Noooo! Don't be a moron. I want to put us in a position where she trusts us totally. Once we earn that we can tag this MILF every second of the day. Patience guys."
"Tell that to the other guys." Heath frowns.
All around Margo guys were closing in. She intentionally danced up close between her three truthful admirers, testing their remarks, almost as if daring them to strip her naked. Their hands were all over every inch of open flesh. Fingertips grazing along her pubic area even as her shaking hips kept them at bay. Only her thrashing kept them from going in for the kill. Brian could hardly contain himself, given how hypnotic her abilities were. Sniffing her panties, which had returned to his possession only fueled his torment. He had to masturbate. The trouble was he didn't want to do it in front of all the other guys. He had to make a choice, either go beyond the circle of cars or tough it out like the others. He chose to stand by his buddies and maintain peace.
Margo was keeping her arms in the air allowing the trio to attempt groping her. Shaking tits held off any solid grasps. That and Cabot was monitoring them closely. Each time he started to step forward she would look at him as if saying, "Not yet." His own cock was dying to join his friends, but he was playing things smart. Violating their trust meant no happy home and zero chances at fucking her in the future. Cabot and Heath both backed off.
After destroying their senses Margo chose to move on to other boys. Some as eager to touch her as the trio was, others a bit more reluctant due to Cabot and his closest allies. With the instrumental winding down, she made her way to Cabot and Brian. She noted Brian wiping his brow of sweat with, "Are those my panties?" She dropped her jaw coming to a halt in front of him. He looked at the lacy panties and turned pale. Reaching out to hand them to her she took them from him with a scowl. He felt awful for all of thirty seconds. Patting his cheek, she informed him that he was a bad boy. She then stepped over to Derek and handed him her panties. "Don't let these out of your sight." Absolutely not! Derek gnawed on those panties.
A glance at Eric began a second set of Arabic tunes to dance to. Starting off slow she merely stepped into the middle of the congregation and did some magical tummy moves as if seductive breathing. Everyone stood mesmerized. From there the music's beats increased and she dashed from side to side like having a sensual panic attack. Noticing a large stump table that Darryl had added to the creature comforts of the firepit back in the day, she made her way toward it. Guys followed her watching her bare ass shake behind a nearly sheer skirt. The shadows concealed her a bit more away from the bonfire. Curling her fingers to two men she motioned for them to hoist her 135-pound frame up to stand atop the table, allowing it to become her stage. From there the dancing grew fierce. She could almost feel her skirt slipping lower with each vibration of gyrating hips. She ignored it just praying her waist ribbons held the skirt up. If not?
"Oh my God! Look at the lust in their eyes." Her gaze explored each of them, "Everyone here wants me naked. I want to lose my outfit badly but darn it that would just give my new roomies reason to try that much harder to get my clothing off while living here. Teasing is all this should be. For now!"
So why was she trying so hard to give them what they craved? Margo Needy shook her ass even harder, her butt crack exposing from beneath the scarf like skirt. With the song slowing again she decided she needed to tame it down. "Enough Margo. Stop while you're ahead. I should only be teasing Cabot, Brian, Heath, and Eric. The rest should never get the idea I'm easy." A smirk confirmed that she was. "Darn it! Darryl would so want me to push it further. Until Elliot is gone I just... can't."
Skirt slipping down to literally border her clitoral area she moved swiftly to cup her hand over her pussy before it could be seen. Fingers slipping under the skirt and caressing herself sent lightning through her thighs. Tensing up she held her breath as the skirt collapsed to her upper thighs. "Wish fulfilled Darryl. Without my even trying."
Only a single hand over her vagina blocked a view. Squealing at the loss she looked toward Cabot and Brian. Brian wanted it to fall all the way. In a brash move two of the three who forewarned her they wanted to strip her naked moved in and yanked her skirt to her ankles. Standing in awe of being nude from the cleavage down Margo offered a panic-stricken expression. Cabot and Heath rushed to her side pushing the boys away and tried to pull her skirt high enough to let her free hand claim it. Once able to pull it up where solid clothe over her vagina concealed herself, she returned to dancing.
"Get down Margo. That was too close." Cabot extended a hand toward her. Instead, she pointed at Brian and Heath. They realized she wanted to leap into their arms. Brian stepped up readily with arms extended. Heath felt cheated when Margo just launched herself at Brian. Catching her Brian held her high. Her chest touching the top of his head, tummy smothering his face. Large hands gripping her ass he keeps her there for two minutes to inhale her scent and sneakily kiss her lower abdomen. She patted his scalp to be let down, Brian finally relenting.
"I think I had better head back to the house." She catches her breath. "Give me a ride back?"
Brian nods and lets Cabot control him through strict eyes. Fun and games were over. Heath retrieving her purse and dress they lead her through the disappointed army of wagging tongues. At the ATV she freezes up, "Elliot?"
"Don't worry we'll check on him and his girls." Heath reassured her. "Go put some clothes on mom."
"Did I... embarrass you boys? The drinks got to me, and it's been so long since I've danced like that. It burns a lot of calories."
"We're fine Margo." Cabot rubbed her bare back. "Go before we can't control these bastards."
"They wanted you bad mom." Brian winked. So did he.
"I... could tell. That's partly why I stopped. I was afraid..."
"They might take you?"
"Well...yes. But..."
"That you might let them willingly?" Brian placed an arm around her waist, palm on her hip.
"I'm trying not to think about that." She giggled.
"Right! Mom doesn't need to be put in situations like this. We're idiots." Heath felt bad. Only a little though. Even he was battling an aggressive erection.
Within her mind Margo sighed, "That's not true Heath. I love feeling that guys want me. Maybe I want..." She looks back at the hunger posse still slobbering all over themselves. Shivering, she forces herself to straddle the ATV's seat as Brian joins her. Blowing kisses at least to acknowledge that she enjoyed herself Brian revved the ATV and sped away. Clinging to his waist her fingers accidently discover a very large erection. She removed her hand instantly and apologized. He was good. At the house Brian pulls right up to the front steps. Helping her off she stands next to his idling ATV.
"So, I'll see you tomorrow morning when you drive us to the airport?"
"Absolutely. We'll have camp tore down by tomorrow night. I'll personally bring Elliot home later. Let him sleep it off with his pussy pillows."
"Thank you, Brian. For being... a gentleman."
"Oh, I'm no gentleman Mrs. Needy. I'm going to be blunt... I'm going to go find a nice parking spot in the dark and rub one off."
"Oh? Did I..."
"You know you did. When your skirt fell past... yeah... sleep good mom." He cuts himself off. "Trying to behave. Once tonight's over I'll be less... wishful."
"Oh my! Are we certain we can all coexist here together?"
"We'll manage. I wouldn't advise any more belly dancing though." He laughs.
"I'll remember that. Good night, Brian." She leans in to offer a peck to his cheek then climbs the steps, entering her home. Locking up she leans against the door. "Good lord! I want them all."
Brian headed back after thirty minutes of jerking off in the darkness. He found the party waning. Guys were leaving drunk, regardless of potentially being pulled over. Shit happens. Brian wasn't anyone's babysitter.
Two hours of partying later Cabot and Brian checked on Elliot. Somebody had put Margo's panties on over his head. In his slumber he had been inhaling his own Mother's scent. A picture was taken for memories sake, along with covering his lap in opened condoms just to be mean. As promised Brian and Cabot drove him home in the bed of his F-150. Carrying him to the porch Cabot rang the doorbell. Waiting until Margo came down in a short nightshirt and opened up the door, She let Brian carry Elliot in and put him on the sofa at first. Pondering it further she asked them to carry him to his bed where he could rest more peacefully. In Elliot's bedroom, as Margo bent over to place a blanket on her son her short nightshirt offered yet another gift of a clam. In the dim light it was nothing special. A hug too each, the boys headed out to join Eric and Heath in killing the fire. The tents made for a good slumber. Only seven people stayed the night. Margo set Elliot's alarm and left him to slumber.
From her bedroom window Margo Needy watched the final flames dwindle. Touching herself she shivered. She wondered... shuffling to her husband Darryl's office she located a pair of high-powered binoculars and returned to her window. Priming to focus on the boys standing around the fire she bulged her eyes. All seven of those left there were facing her home dead on and masturbating. Zeroing in over each magnificent cock she realized just how big the boys were. Whimpering as her return surveillance caught their mad ejaculation techniques bordering on obsessive, she reaches beneath her night shirt and fingers herself further. A single thought as she saw three of the seven spit cum from overworked erections came to mind.
"I should have let them sleep in the house."
Next time! Margo masturbated for an hour before passing out. Over ten names crossed her lips. Wet dreaming her specialty. In her final whispers she praised her lovers.
"Night boys. Another time I swear."
She knew there would be many more times.
Her slumber would rely on muscle relaxers. Even they offered little to relax her having to send her son away. The thoughts of being left alone out here when so many young men could violate her against her will frightened her. For every fear came a wetness between her legs.
"I can't wait."
Her passing out lasted little time. Making her way downstairs she opted for a glass of wine and the ambiance of her fireplace. Toys kept her busy.
"Yes Darryl... I still want them all."
Patience!