This story is a continuation of my "The Performance" series featuring my characters Megan Ward and Paula Hartweg. Of course, the ubiquitous Harry Stone is the narrator. I think that this story stands on its own, but you are encouraged to read my "The Performance" series and my story "The Heartland" for background.
This story is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to any real person or entity is coincidental and unintended. Thank you very much for reading my stories. Please leave comments.
*****
Paula and I drove back to D.C. from Ohio on Memorial Day. We picked Megan up at Dulles around noon on Tuesday. She was tired from her trans-Atlantic flight but amused by our account of our trip to Ohio. We told her the whole story, including my consensual deflowering of Paula's niece April. The account of our trip to Ohio also included the emotions that Paula and I had felt for each other. That evolved into the larger topic of the relationship between the three of us. Paula set the tone for the discussion by saying that she loved both Megan and me and wanted to stay with us forever. That put something on the table that Megan and I had never discussed which was whether our relationship was meant to be permanent.
Megan and Paula were both very intelligent, easy to talk, enjoyable to be around, physically beautiful, sexy, and exhibitionists. The three of us shared basic values and we had a surprisingly wide range of common interests. This may sound selfish, but I couldn't imagine anything better than a permanent relationship with both women. I said so.
Megan resolved the discussion in two short sentences. "Of course," she said, "I want both of you in my life intellectually, emotionally, and physically. I expect the three of us to grow old disgracefully together." From the outside, it may have already appeared that Megan, Paula, and I were a threesome. To us, that conversation marked the shift from Megan and Harry plus Paula to Megan, Paula, and Harry.
Paula moved out of her apartment into Megan's townhouse. I still had the apartment I leased when I first moved to D.C., but we used that for storage. I had been living with Megan for months. Adding Paula meant that we were all a bit closer together, but none of us complained. Megan and I were routinely nude at home and Paula adopted that practice.
Paula had majored in theater technical production in college, meaning that she was trained to design, build, and light sets. After graduation, her then-boyfriend Michael, who had the same major, got a job with a national touring production of a Broadway show that put him on the road for nine months. That ended Paula's relationship with Michael and persuaded Paula that she wanted something more "normal" than a theatrical life. Indirectly through friends of Megan's, Paula had gotten a job with the D.C. office of a company that designed and built displays for things like trade shows and festivals. The hours were more regular, and Paula's travel was infrequent and mainly limited to the East Coast.
Megan and I continued to model for Megan's friend Angelique. Angelique wanted to do a painting of me fucking Megan doggy-style, but she wanted the perspective to be from below the two of us. She had a clear glass stand assembled. Megan would get on the stand on her hands and knees. I would enter her from behind, and we would hold that position while Angelique sat beneath us painting what she saw. It was rather fun.
Angelique sold the original painting. It was a pleasing thought to know that someone had a picture of Megan and me fucking on a wall in their house. Angelique gave us a print of the picture. Angelique had also taken photos of us posing from below us, behind us, and in front of us. She had the photos framed and gave them to us. When Paula saw the photos, she insisted that I pose with her for Angelique to take similar photos of Paula and me fucking doggy-style. Angelique was more than happy to do that and framed the pictures of Paula and me at her expense. All six pictures went up in the living room of Megan's town house. They were great conversation pieces when guests came over.
Since I had my own course load to teach, I did not typically get involved at all with the classes Megan was teaching. I was aware, though, that she was teaching an upper level course that fall on erotic art. As she described in, the class was a seminar with about 25 upperclassmen. The semester ended in mid-December. Megan insisted that Paula and I come to the last session of her erotic art class.
Megan's seminar met on Thursday afternoon. Fortunately, I did not have a class at that time and Paula left work early. She and I slipped as unobtrusively as possible into the back of Megan's classroom. I was surprised that there were almost twice as many women as men in the class. I'm guessing that the ratio was about 16:9. That wasn't the only surprise I got that afternoon.
Megan lectured for about 45 minutes, I guess summarizing what the course had covered. Then Megan said, "To end the course, I'd like to share with you some examples of very recent erotic art." She handed out packets of 8½ x 11 copies of some paintings and photographs. An attractive, freckled redhead who was sitting in front of us passed copies back to Paula and me.
I recognized the pictures immediately. They were pictures that Megan, Paula, and I had posed for with Angelique and some of Evan Macomb's bondage pictures which we had posed for. Each of our faces was clearly visible in one or another of the pictures.
The classroom was very quiet as the students studied the handout. After what seemed a long time, a young man in the center of the room raised his hand. Megan called on him.
"Uh," the young man stammered, "Dr. Ward, isn't that you in some of these pictures?"
Megan smiled. "Yes, Brandt, I'm in about two-thirds of those pictures. The other two models in those pictures are also here today. Paula and Harry, would you come up here?" Paula and I stood and tentatively walked to the front of the room. "Class," Megan said, "these are my two very good friends Paula Hartweg and Harry Stone. The three of us are the models in all of the pictures in your handout."
The students glanced between us and our nude images in the handout. After a few seconds of silence, the redhead said, "You guys really look great naked." I felt irrationally proud to hear that from a very attractive young woman.
Megan said, "Do any of you have any questions for us? Now's the time."
The redhead raised her hand. Megan nodded towards her. "What is it like," the redhead asked, "to be, well, fucking someone while someone else is taking your picture?"
Megan glanced at Paul and me. We looked back at her. After a moment, Megan realized that we expected her to answer the question. "Well," Megan said, "there is initially some anxiety. After all, we've all been taught that you keep your clothes on in front of strangers and sex is something you do in the privacy of a bedroom, preferably with the lights out. Once you break through that taboo, you feel very liberated. I'd say that posing like that is an exhilarating and empowering experience. Paula, Harry, would either of you like to add anything?"
I deferred to Paula. After a second, she said, "I agree with Megan. I guess what I would add is that I love both Megan and Harry and I'm proud to give physical expression to that love in a way that others can see."
A few of the students had looks of disbelief on their faces. However, I noticed that the redhead was smiling like she understood exactly what Megan and Paula were talking about.
Megan and Paula both looked at me and, after a second, I got the hint that they expected me to add something. "I echo what Megan and Paula said, "I said. "I'll just add that it is a great privilege and tremendous pleasure to pose like that with these women."
The clock hit the top of the hour. Megan said, "Ok, unless there are more questions, that's it. It has been great to have all of you in this semester. Don't forget that your papers are due next Thursday and that is your entire grade for the course."
The class filed out of the room, except for the redhead. She came up to us. Megan asked, "Can I help you Sharon?"
"I just wanted to say how impressed I am by your pictures and how glad I am that you shared them with us," Sharon said.
"Well," Megan said, "there is no point in posing if you don't want people to see the pictures."
"I was a little surprised that Megan shared the pictures with the class," I added.
"Why?" Sharon asked. "They're great pictures." Sharon was about Megan's height with rich copper-colored hair and a lovely, slightly freckled face. Although it was hard to tell given the warm clothes she was wearing, I suspected that she had a great body.
"Would you pose nude?" Paula asked Sharon.
"Oh, I have," Sharon said, "But nothing sexual like what you guys have done. I'd love to do that."
"Where have you posed?" Paula asked.
"Just family and school pictures primarily," Sharon replied. When she saw the curious looks on our faces, she elaborated. "Mom and Dad are, well, pretty liberated. From as far back as I can remember, we usually went naked at home if no one else was around." Sharon chuckled and added, "We'd also go naked if some of Mom and Dad's friends or certain of my friends were visiting. So, anyway, I've been naked in a lot of our holiday pictures and vacation pictures. Mom and Dad sent me to a private school near where they live that was also, well, progressive. So, for example, I was a diver on the swim team. Our team pictures were always taken in the nude."
Megan and Paula were both smiling. "That's wonderful Sharon," Megan said.
Sharon was smiling too. "Yeah," she said, "I'm something of an exhibitionist. I really enjoy it when people see me with no clothes on."
"We understand that," Megan replied. "Maybe you could pose for one of the artists whom we pose for."
"I'd love that," Sharon said, "but I'm not sure what my boyfriend would think about it. He's pretty laid back about things, and its not like we're the loves of each other's lives but I try not to piss him off." Sharon glanced at her smart phone. "Sorry, I've got to be somewhere. I really love your pictures." Sharon turned and walked quickly out of the classroom.
"That's Sharon MacDonald," Megan explained. "I'd say she is probably the brightest student who was in that class."
"She was certainly impressed with Harry," Paula said with a laugh.
"What?" I replied.
"She was looking you up and down the whole time we were talking with her," Paula said. "And, she had that packet of pictures opened to that full frontal of you."
"Maybe she's just heterosexual," I said.
Paula went back to Pittsburgh to see her parents over the holidays. Neither Megan nor I had any close family living, so we spent the holidays together in D.C. This provided the opportunity for one serious conversation. "Harry," Megan said, "I've been thinking for months about you having sex with Paula's niece."
That didn't sound good. "Oh?" I replied. "That wasn't one of my finer moments," I went on. "I owe you an apology."
"No, that wasn't where I was going," Megan responded. "But I do think that we should have an explicit understanding about sex with other partners. We've both done it to an extent. Why not? Sex is fun. Variety ads to the fun."
"Don't you think that there is an issue about fidelity?" I asked.
Megan smiled. "Harry, what we have is about much more than just sex. I love you and have no doubt that you love me. I don't think that getting physical pleasure with someone else in any way diminishes the love we have for each other. The only thing I ask, and will promise to you, is that we are completely open between ourselves about what we do with other people."
Shortly after second semester started, Sharon MacDonald asked Megan if she could get together with the three of us. Paula, Megan, and I met Sharon in a bar just off campus on a Friday afternoon. With Sharon was a slender, dark-haired woman. Sharon introduced the woman as Inga Walter.
"Inga and I have been close friends since freshman year," Sharon explained. Any way, we wanted to discuss something with you."
Inga, who spoke with a slight Central European accent, said, "Sharon, me, and a few other girls have been very close for two or three years now and, well, we al like to show off."
"Remember those girls who streaked the campus in Halloween masks last October?" Sharon asked. "That was us."
"My parents own an inn about 60 miles southwest of here," Inga said. "February is a very slow month so my parents make the inn available to us for a weekend for our dinner dance. It's usually on a Friday night. There are eight of us and most of us bring dates. Some of us stay over until Sunday. The inn has an indoor pool, sauna, steam room, and hot tub. It's a pretty relaxing weekend."
"The only thing is," Sharon interrupted herself with a giggle, "we do the whole thing nude. Everyone strips off when they arrive on Friday and no one can get dressed until they leave."
"Your parents are ok with that?" Megan asked Inga.
"Oh yes," Inga replied. "Mom and Dad are very progressive sexually. They rent the inn out to nudist groups a few times a year, so the staff is used to it."
"Any way," Sharon said, "and I know that we need to be careful since we're students and two of you are faculty, but our weekend is coming up in a month and we'd like the three of you to come. I can promise you absolutely that no one there will tell anyone else that you were there."
"Thank you," Megan said. "Can you give us a day or two to think about it?"
"Sure," Sharon said, "can you get back to me by Monday?"
"Yes," Megan replied.
That was how Paula, Megan, and I ended up at a lovely inn in rural Virginia on a snowy Friday afternoon in February. Sharon had given us very explicit instructions for the dinner. "We will start with cocktails at 6:30 p.m. in the lounge. Leave all your clothes in your room. You can wear jewelry or a necklace, and make-up is fine. Women must also wear high heels."
We left our room at 6:25. Paula and Megan both looked stunning. Paula was nude except for her heels and a gold necklace that hung down between her bare breasts. Megan wore her heels and a strand of pearls tied around her waist. One end on the strand hung down her abdomen, stopping just above her neatly trimmed pubic hair. I was completely nude except for a black bow which Paula had tied just below the head of my dick. "It's black tie" she had giggled.
We walked downstairs and through the lobby of the inn. At the far end was the open door to the lounge. I could see a few naked people in the lounge. As we approached the door, Inga walked out with a couple who were, I guessed, a few years older than me. Inga was nude but the couple was fully dressed.
"Paula, Megan, Harry," Inga said, "I'd like you to meet my parents Ute and Iens."
The man bowed slightly. The woman, Ute, said, "It's a pleasure to meet you and have you as our guests. I see that you are familiar with the dress code for the weekend."
"Yes, thank you for letting us go nude," Megan replied.
"It is much nicer when you have nothing on, for both you and those around you," Ute replied.
"We will be as naked as you once the staff leave for the evening," Iens added. "We're giving them the weekend off. It means that we all have to serve ourselves tomorrow and Sunday, but it allows Ute and me to go naked also. Enjoy yourselves." Iens punctuated his last statement with a slap on Inga's bare ass.
"Thank you, Poppa," Inga said. To us, Inga said, "Please come in and meet everyone."
There were fourteen nude people in the lounge: eight women and six men, all younger than Megan and me. Two clothed young women were serving drinks. A thin but very fit young man walked up. "This is my boyfriend Conrad," Inga said by introduction. Conrad and I shook hands I noticed a shorter girl with shoulder-length dark hair striding towards us. My first thought was that she had a fantastic body. My second, horrified thought was that I recognized the girl.
As the girl approached, she said loudly, "Professor Stone! I never imagined I'd see you here."
Inga asked said to me, "You know Anna?"
"Yes," I replied, "she's taking one of my classes."
"That won't be a problem," Inga said with more confidence than I felt.
Anna Marx was a junior. She was one of the brightest and most involved students in my Modern History of Central Europe course. She was also a history major, so she was a student in my department. Anna had a gorgeous face with piercing eyes and a sensuous mouth that more than compensated for a large nose. As I'd suspected from seeing her clothed in class, Anna had a very tight, sexy body despite her height. I introduced her to Megan and Paula.
We were joined by a very fit young man. Anna and the young man put their arms around each other's backs. Anna introduced the young man, saying. "This is my boyfriend Simon Wykoff." In a teasing voice, Anna added, "Simon's not one of us wimpy social scientists. Simon's a physics major." I had the sense that Anna was needling Simon for being superior about studying physics, but I was impressed.
After we'd said hello, Anna removed her arm from Simon's back and grabbed my hand. "Come on Professor Stone," she said, "I need a drink." I glanced at Megan, who nodded, so I let Anna lead me towards the bar. "Your friends are very beautiful," Anna said. "Simon will be happy that I've left him alone with them."
Anna and I got drinks and she led me to a corner of the room. Paula and Megan were deep in conversation with Simon. Seeing Paula standing next to Simon, I was struck by how natural it looked. They were about the same age.
"So, Professor Stone," Anna said, "how did you get into nudism?"
"Anna," I replied, "since we're both stark naked, I think that you can call me Harry. I went to undergrad in the Great Lakes region. Maybe 90 miles from campus was a national park that had a beach on the lake. Some friends heard that it was ok to use a part of that beach nude. They wanted to try it and invited me along. We all loved the experience, and, for the rest of undergrad, we tried to go nude as much as we could. What about you?"
Anna thought for a moment. "From about 5th grade on, I did gymnastics. The leotard is fairly revealing. When I got into high school, I was also a cheerleader and the cheer uniforms were somewhat revealing and designed to accentuate our figures. I learned that I enjoyed having people look at my body and started wondering why I couldn't let people see me without the covering."
Anna took a sip of her drink. "What I didn't know until my senior year was that the woman who was our gymnastics coach was a nudist. One day in practice, I had finished my floor exercise routine, and, if you don't know gymnastics, floor exercise is very sexy. Anyway, I had done the routine four straight times. I was sweaty, the leotard was sticking to me, and I was a little excited. Coach walked up and I said, just a quip really, that I thought it would be better if we could do our gymnastics nude. Coach didn't say anything, and I quickly forgot that I'd said that."
Anna took another sip. "The season was winding up, I'd won sectionals but bombed at the regionals, Coach came to me in the locker room and asked if I'd like to do one more competition. I said sure. Coach asked me if I'd meant what I had said about doing my routines naked. I thought about that for a second. It sounded like fun, so I told Coach that I'd like to try it sometime. She said that there was a competition in another city. It wasn't publicized but everyone in the gymnastics community knew about it. Men and women gymnasts from colleges around the region and a few high school seniors competed and everyone competed in the nude. Coach asked me if I'd like her to enter me in that competition."
Anna paused. She looked at me and smiled. "I told Coach that sounded like fun and that I'd really like her to enter me. She said 'well, there will be people watching.' For some reason, that got me more enthused. Then Coach said that my parents would have to agree. I thought 'oh shit why do they have to know.' Coach explained that even though I'd just turned 18, I was still a student and she couldn't take me to something like that without my parents' permission. She said that she could talk to my parents. I figured that Mom and Dad would say 'no way in hell' but I asked Coach to talk to them about it. Coach came to the house one night. She sat down with Mom, Dad, and me and explained to them what we wanted to do."
Anna took another sip. "Dad asked me, 'You really want to do this? People will see every bit of your body.' I said, as confidently as I could, 'yes, I want to do this.' Dad was shaking his head, but Mom said, "She's an adult now and can make her own decisions.' Dad and I looked each other in the eyes without saying anything for, maybe, a whole minute. Then Dad turned to Coach and said, 'You'll give us directions to find this place?' I said, 'What? You want to come watch me?' Mom replied, 'If you can be naked in front of a bunch of strangers, you can be naked in front of your family too.' She had a point."
Anna paused again. She put a hand lightly on my forearm. "I'm sorry this is such a long story."
"No, it's interesting," I said. "Please tell me the rest."
"I'll hurry up," Anna said. "We went. There were about a dozen guys and a dozen girls competing and, maybe, a hundred folks in the seats watching, and judges and people to tend the apparatus. We warmed up in sweats. We went back into the girls' locker room, took off all our clothes, and marched back out. Mom, Dad, and my little brother were there. I expected that I'd be scared when I walked back into the gym naked, but it was exhilarating. I really felt good that everyone could see me naked. I was glad that my parents and brother were there. I waved to them. I watched the first few competitors do their routines and it was obvious to me that gymnastics is better nude. My first event was the vault. The feeling as I ran towards the horse and vaulted with nothing on was indescribable! I finished with floor exercise and, of course, I knew that everyone could see my pussy and my asshole as I did that. It was so hot. I could barely stand still for my score. Once it was up, I ran into the locker room and got myself off. I wasn't the only one doing that either."
Just then, Sharon MacDonald came up to us. As I'd suspected, she had a great body. She was also a natural redhead. "Harry," Sharon said, "I'm glad you've met Anna. She's about my best friend here."
"Well," I said, "we already knew each other. Anna is in one of my classes and is a history major."
Sharon smiled. "I guess you'll have a new appreciation of each other in class now. Hey, they're ready for us to go in for dinner."
In the dining room, we sat at one long table. I sat between Megan and Paula. Anna sat across the table from me. Simon was next to her, across from Paula. Sharon's boyfriend Peter, a law student, sat between Anna and Sharon, across from Megan. The fourteen of us sat there nude and were served by two clothed women and two clothed men. It may sound a little odd but, at the time, it seemed perfectly normal.
The meal was excellent. The entrée was shrimp and clams over rice with a white wine sauce. That had been preceded by salads and a half dozen raw oysters for each of us. Sharon said to Megan, Paula, and me, "Would you believe that Inga's parents don't charge us anything for this weekend?" Inga stepped out of the room as we finished our deserts. When she came back, she announced that the "ballroom" was ready.
The "ballroom" was the lounge with the tables and chairs moved out. Along one wall was a table with beer on ice, wine, and a variety of spirits. Along the other wall was a rail supported by stands on each end and one in the middle. I had no idea what that was for. Music played on a sound system. Sharon told me that she, Anna, and Inga had programmed three hours of music. It was a mix of rock, pop, and big band with fast and slow numbers interspersed. Almost everyone was dancing.
After, maybe, an hour, Inga's parents came into the room. They were now nude. I saw Inga go over and hug her father. Then, she put the music on pause. Inga announced, "The inn staff has gone home. It's just us."
Sharon announced, "Ladies to the rail." I watched, somewhat perplexed, as the younger women in the room went to the rail and bent themselves over it with legs spread and their asses pointing towards the center of the room. After a moment, Ute Walter went to the rail and bent over it next to her daughter. Megan and Paula looked at each other for a moment. Both women started smiling. They walked to the rail and bent over it next to Anna.
The men in the room formed a line and walked behind the fully exposed women, examining each woman's asshole and cunt. Conrad, at the head of the line, was about halfway along when Sharon yelled, "touching is allowed." The first women I passed were Ute and Inga Walter. Appealing as it was to see them so exposed, it didn't seem right to me to touch them. The next four women I had not met. I certainly wasn't touching them.
The line of men moved slowly as some guys were less restrained than I was. I got to Paula. I gently ran the index finger of my left hand around her asshole several times. I reached down with my right hand and began rubbing her clit, gently at first but more firmly as the line stalled.
Paula was getting moist when she said, "That has to be Harry." It was only then that it dawned on me that, bent over, the women couldn't see who was touching them.
I softly said, "Yes, it's me. Simon is behind me."
The line moved and I was behind Megan. Even bent over with her bare ass up, I'd recognize Megan and, even in that posture, she was incredibly beautiful. I began running my right index finger along her outer cunt lips. Megan softly said, "Please," so I slid my finger inside her and began finger-fucking her. After just a few seconds, Megan said, "That's nice." Looking behind me, I saw that Simon's finger in Paula. She seemed to enjoy it. The line moved. I pulled my finger out of Megan, bent down, and gave her asshole a quick kiss.
Anna was next. Anna said, "If that is Harry Stone behind me, I'd better get at least a finger in my cunt." I took a chance and inserted two fingers. Not knowing Anna sexually, I didn't know where to rub her. I worked my fingers around inside her until she said, "Yes! There!" I rubbed there as firmly as I could.
The last woman was Sharon. "Is that Harry?" she asked.
"Yes," I answered.
"Will you do what you did to Anna?" Sharon asked.
I slid two fingers into Sharon's pussy and worked them around until she said, "That's it." I rubbed Sharon there until Simon coughed indicating that I needed to move on.
When all seven of the men had gone through the line of bent-over women, Sharon stood up, followed by the others. "That was fun," Sharon said. "Ok, guys against the rail facing me. Hands behind your back." We followed directions. Anna and Inga went behind the rail, tying our hands to it with shoelaces. Before I fully appreciated what they were doing, my hands were tied to the rail.
Sharon announced, "Megan and Paula are newbies here, so I'll explain. Girls all go to the guy they came with. Get him hard and then all of us girls will inspect the erections."
Megan and Paula walked towards me smiling. To Megan, Paula said, "I kind of like seeing his hands tied." Megan started running a fingertip over the head of my dick. Paula fondled my balls. The girls knew me and knew exactly what to get me hard. Simon was next to me. Once she had him partially erect, Anna got on her knees and took him in her mouth. Paula saw that, gently pushed Megan's hand away from my dick, knelt, and guided my dick into her mouth. God that felt wonderful.
Sharon called out, "Is everyone hard? Yes? Ok, step away girls so we can all see." Being guys, we all looked at each other. Everyone was reasonably well endowed. However, Peter and Conrad, Sharon's and Inga's boyfriends, were both freakishly huge.
The women formed a line and slowly walked in front of us. It wasn't hard to stay erect because every woman gave each guy's dick at least a few strokes as she went by.
Anna was in line just in front of Paula. When they got to Simon and me, Anna took a step back. "I don't know," Anna said. "What do you think Paula? Harry's dick and Simon's dick look a lot alike to me."
"They do," Paula responded. "I wonder if they feel the same."
"Maybe we should find out," Anna replied. Both women giggled. Anna grabbed my dick, got very close, leaned up, and kissed me on the lips.
When Anna moved on, Paula stepped in front of me. She mouthed the words "I love you Harry" before she bent down and kissed the head of my dick.
Megan was the last in line. She stopped in front of me, looked down at my dick, and then into my eyes. "I hope you're having fun Harry," she said.
"Yes," I replied. "Are you?"
"Yes, but I want to have a little more fun," Megan said. She stepped very close to me and began to kiss me. At the same time, she took my dick in her hand and guided it into her pussy. She began to hump me as we stood there.
"Hey," Sharon shouted. "No fucking yet."
Megan got off me and said "I'm sorry. His erection looked too good to waste."
Anna and Inga went behind us and untied us from the rail. Once all seven guys were untied, Inga walked over to the sound system. She paused as Sharon announced, "Slow number next. For this song, ladies you pick someone other than your date."
Anna came straight to me, grabbed my hand, and led me to the center of the room. As the music started, she put both hands on my bare ass and held me tight. My dick was pressed into her bare belly and her tits were pressed into my chest. It was very nice. I put my arms around Anna's upper back. "Harry," Anna said, "get your hands on my ass." I did as I was told. Anna's ass was very firm. I could feel her muscles beneath her skin. In fact, Anna's whole body was firm.
Anna rubbed herself against me as we danced. When we finished the dance, her nipples were hard, and I was erect. Paula, who had been dancing with Simon, walked by and said, "You obviously enjoy Anna." There was something in her tone that troubled me.
I suppose that it wasn't surprising. Not long after the dance, one of the women whom I'd not met pulled a chair into the lounge, sat her date on it, and began riding him. Soon, Sharon was on the floor with Peter on top of her. Conrad and Iens were on their backs, side-by-side, and Inga and Ute were riding them. A couple of other of the women were bent over the rail as their dates fucked them from behind. Simon was standing in a corner. Anna was on her knees in front of him with his dick in her mouth.
Megan looked at me and smiled. "When in Rome," she said. "Get on your back." I lay down on the floor on my back. Megan squatted down, took my dick in her hand, and lowered herself onto me. After a few minutes, Paula squatted over my face and let me eat her. Our arousal was enhanced as heard the sounds of orgasms from the couples around us. Megan came first and then I came in her. Paula stayed on my face until she came.
Not long after the sex, the party broke up and the three of us went up to our room. Ordinarily, the three of us slept side-by-side. However, that night, after we got into bed, Paula began stroking me until I was hard again. She climbed on top of me and wiggled around until my dick was completely in her cunt. She went to sleep like that. I glanced at Megan who just smiled and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
It snowed that Friday night, but the sun was bright on Saturday morning and the word was that the roads were ok. Most of the people who had come to the party left Saturday morning. However, Inga and Conrad; Sharon and Peter; Anna and Simon; and Paula, Megan, and me were staying until Sunday. Of course, Ute and Iens lived at the inn.
When Megan, Paula, and I came down from our room to the main floor, we ran into Inga. She said, "There's coffee, juice, pastry, and some cold hard-boiled eggs in the kitchen. There is also stuff for sandwiches in the fridge on the right. The staff is off so Mom and Dad will bring in pizza for dinner this evening."
We got coffee and some food. Sharon and Peter walked into the kitchen. Once everyone was fed and caffeinated, Sharon said, "Let's go back to the pool."
At the back of the inn, there was a room enclosed in glass like a large greenhouse. Inside was a decent-sized pool. There was also a sauna, steam room, and jacuzzi. The deck around the pool was wide with lounge chairs scattered around. There was a cooler in one corner. Anna and Simon were already there. Simon was working on a breakfast beer.
Once Inga and Sharon had said goodbye to their friends who were leaving, they joined us in the pool area. The pool area was quite warm and, even though we could see snow on the ground outside, we were all quite comfortable in the nude.
About half an hour later, the women clustered at the far end of the pool deck. Peter, Conrad, Simon, and I were sitting together. We couldn't hear what the women were saying, but it was periodically punctuated with hoots and laughter. After a long talk, the five women came over to us.
Sharon was the spokesperson. "We've been talking, and we've decided that it will be fun to do something different for the day."
"What's that?" Peter asked laconically.
"We're swapping partners for the day and tonight," Sharon replied. That got our attention.
"Yes," Inga said, "you'll all spend the day with someone other than the guy you came with, but you will act like he is the guy you came with."
"What are we supposed to do with them?" Simon asked.
"You're supposed to fuck them," Anna replied.
We guys looked at each other. On one hand, all five women were very desirable. On the other hand, I think we all saw potential for problems.
Conrad started to talk but Inga cut him off. "We've already decided," she said. The four of us all shrugged.
Sharon announced, "Peter, your new partner is Megan. Simon, you are with Paula. Harry, you have Anna. Conrad, you're mine."
"What about Inga?" Conrad asked.
"I'll spend the day with Mom and Dad," Inga said. I had the strong impression that carried more meaning for Conrad than it did for me.
"When does this start?" I asked.
"Now," Anna said as she walked over and sat on my lap.
Paula went to Simon, Megan went to Peter, and Sharon went to Conrad. Each of the new couples began kissing, stroking dicks, and fingering cunts. Anna whispered in my ear, "I want us to fuck at least six times before we leave tomorrow."
Anna wasn't the only person with big plans. Megan and Peter had already put a cushion from one of the lounge chairs on the pool deck. Megan was lying on her back with her legs spread. As Peter slid his massive dick into her, Megan looked at me and winked. Anna put her hands on either side of my face and turned my head to face her. She said, "your attention is on me exclusively until tomorrow morning."
Megan and Peter had a good idea. Anna and I put the cushion from our lounge chair on the deck. Anna lay down and spread her legs. I got on top of her and slid my dick into her wet cunt.
Anna didn't look muscular, but she was a very strong woman. She wrapped her thighs around me and pulled me into her powerfully. At the same time, she contracted her pelvic muscles. That made it very difficult for me move my dick inside of her, but it greatly increased the sensation for both of us. Anna was also doing great things with her tongue inside of my mouth.
Fucking Anna was tiring but intensely stimulating. Sooner than I wanted I was shooting inside of her. My embarrassment was mitigated because, just after I came in her, Anna clamped down on me even tighter and dug her fingers into my back hard. She took several gulps of air before letting out a scream that reverberated off the glass walls of the room. Even with me on top of her, she bucked her hips off the cushion.
When Anna's scream stopped, we were both panting. As we finally caught our breath, Anna said, "That was fucking great or great fucking." While it was too quick, and with respect to Megan and Paula, fucking Anna was the most intense sexual experience I had ever had. She was a powerhouse.
Anna and I looked each other in the eyes for a moment. I started to pull out. Anna said, "Just stay in me for a while, this feels pretty nice." It did. Anna and I kissed for a long time.
Finally, I felt a hand on my back. It was Megan. Peter was standing beside her. "Pull out and let's have a sauna," Megan said. I pulled out, helped Anna up, and we followed Megan and Peter along the pool to the sauna.
The sauna was not so hot that we couldn't talk. Megan sat on one side leaning against Peter. Anna sat between my legs on the other side. Anna said, "Megan, you are lucky. Getting fucked my Harry is pretty great."
Peter quickly added, "Sex with Megan is wonderful."
We all looked at each other. It was obvious that neither Megan nor I wanted to say anything that might offend or hurt the other. Finally, Megan said, "Did you enjoy yourself Harry?"
"Yes," I replied. "Did you?"
"Yes," Megan said with a smile.
"There's a lot more," Anna blurted. "I told Harry that we have to fuck at least five more times by tomorrow morning."
Megan smiled. "I think he's up to that," she said. She turned to Peter. "Can we mange that?" she asked.
Peter smiled. "Absolutely," he said.
When the four of us had sweated enough, we came out and squeezed together into the small shower enclosure next to the sauna. It was cramped enough that I was not sure who was washing what on whom.
After we toweled off, we got beers, sat down, and talked. At one point in the conversation, Megan asked, "Anna, haven't you done that you'd really like to do?"
Anna smiled. "I'm not sure it is very realistic but, I'd love to be downtown in a big city around lunch time in the Summer walking naked with my guy. I think it would be hot to be naked among all the clothed people. Hopefully, we'd run into people who know me. We would go to a park and fuck in the grass while people ate their lunches and watched us."
"That's a great ambition," Megan said.
"It certainly sounds like great fun," I added. Anna was sitting next to me. She squeezed my hand after I said that.
Peter said, "I'm the exact opposite. I want to go into politics when I finish law school. Don't get me wrong, I enjoy sex and I love being nude, but only among friends. I'd be dead meat if I did something like that in public."
"To me," Anna replied, "that's a great reason to stay out of politics. I'd like as many people as possible to see me nude over my lifetime and, while I haven't done it, yet, I think I'd like a lot of people to see me fucking."
"Well," Megan said, "being exposed and sexual in front of an audience is quite a thrill. Harry and Paula and I have done it." Megan proceeded to describe our performances in Maryland and in Vermont.
When Megan finished, Anna said, "That is so cool! I really admire you guys for doing that. I'd love to be part of that. If you do something like that again, please call me." Peter just shook his head.
The four of us joined Sharon and Conrad for a quick lunch. We went back and swam for a short while before Anna announced, "Harry, we need to fuck again."
Sharon laughed and said, "That sounds like a great idea." We lined up three cushions right next to each other. Peter, Conrad, and I lay on our backs and Megan, Sharon, and Anna got on top. Fucking Anna was just as intense the second time as the first, but I was more mentally prepared and held back significantly longer. In fact, I think that the girls were trying to pace each other because all six of us came within seconds of each other. It was a wonderful shared experience. When we'd all regained our breath, each girl kissed each guy.
None of us cleaned up. We just sat on the cushions talking. It was very erotic seeing our three dicks wet with the girls' juices and seeing cum oozing out of the girls' cunts. We all sat with our legs spread so that everyone could see everyone else.
Sharon looked around and said, "I really enjoy, being well fucked and fully exposed. The more public the better. Megan, I know that you and Paula and Harry are into public exposure. So's Anna. I think that's a large part of why she and I are such good friends. I suppose you all know about my shy boyfriend, worried about his political career."
Peter just shrugged.
Megan said, "Yes, we enjoy it, but I wasn't really into being seen when I was your age. It's something I've come to enjoy a bit later in life."
I noticed that I hadn't seen Paula or Simon for several hours. "Where did Paula and Simon go?" I asked. No one knew.
Sharon, our de facto leader, said, "I suppose we ought to clean off before we get back in the pool. That shower is really small." Sharon laughed. "Let's pair off. Conrad, you go with Megan. Peter, you shower with Anna. I'll shower with Harry."
I don't know what the other couples did, although Megan was smiling when she and Conrad stepped out of the shower. Sharon and I took a long time. I slowly washed and massaged her tits. We played with each other's assholes. Sharon washed my dick with long, slow strokes that got me hard. I washed between her legs and fingered her a bit. Before we left the shower, Sharon whispered, "You and I are going to fuck one day."
When we were all clean and dry, Sharon announced to the group, "Fucking right next to each other was really nice. The next time anyone wants to fuck, let the rest of us know. We can all do it together again. Is that ok with everyone?" It was.
We spent the afternoon swimming, in the sauna, and in the jacuzzi. Around 5:00, we all fucked again. Everyone had just come when Inga appeared for the first time since the morning. She looked around and said, "Ok, I can see that you guys are enjoying yourselves. The kitchen staff is off tonight. Mom and Dad are going to get pizza. Everyone ok with pepperoni and mushroom?"
When Inga turned to leave the pool area, I noticed that her skinny ass was bright red. I glanced at Conrad. Conrad softly said, "Inga and her parents have an interesting relationship."
The pizza was good, but Paula and Simon didn't show up for dinner. Inga's parents had undressed and joined us for pizza. I noticed that Ute Walter's ass was also red. I glanced at Conrad who just smiled.
As we finished dinner, Sharon said, "Megan, Anna, Peter, Conrad, Harry, and I have discovered that we all enjoy fucking right next to each other. Ute, Iens, do you have a room that we can share tonight?"
Iens said, "Certainly, the third-floor suite. The bed is big enough for six." That problem was solved. After dinner, Inga followed her parents back to their living quarters.
About 7:00 p.m., we noticed that it was snowing again. Anna said, "Hey, let's go out naked in the snow!" It sounded like a good idea so the five of us followed her outside. It was invigorating, for about 15 seconds. We were all back in the warmth of the pool area quickly.
Anna came up to me and whispered in a hurt voice, "I didn't see Simon's car. I know where he parked yesterday and it's not there now. Do you think that he and Paula left?" I didn't know what to think and hoped that Anna was mistaken. A moment later, Anna was her upbeat self again. "You know," she said, "we have to fuck at least three more times. How about now?"
"Sure," I said.
Anna announced to the group, "Harry and I are going to fuck again."
Megan said, "Do you mind if the rest of us just watch?"
"I'd love it," Anna replied. Anna and I started kissing and playing with each other. Anna took my hand and led me to a table beside the cooler holding the beer. "Fuck me from behind," she said. She turned and bent over the table. I looked at her charming ass, asshole, and pussy for a moment before I stepped close behind her and slid myself in.
Fucking Anna from behind was nice, but nothing like our earlier fucks. She couldn't use any of her athleticism that made fucking her so intense for me. Still, it was hot having Megan, Sharon, Peter, and Conrad watch.
I finally came. I kept going until Anna gave a small yelp. I pulled out. She straightened, turned, and kissed me. "I really did come," she said, "but no more like that. It's better when you're between my legs." I agreed.
We all went up to the third-floor suite early, and together. Anna lay on her back in the center of the bed. Megan lay to her right and Sharon to her left. I got onto the bed from the foot, crawled up and mounted Anna. Peter got on top of Megan and Conrad mounted Sharon.
Anna had gotten a second wind. This session was as intense as our first about 10 hours ago. We'd both learned about each other. We kept each other going a lot longer. I was so engrossed in Anna that I had no idea what the other couples in the room were doing.
Anna clamped her thighs hard around me. I didn't think I was close yet, but Anna's sounds, the look on her face, and what she did with her body got me there quickly. I didn't think I had much left, but I shot in her hard and long as she gave a scream that made the morning's seem soft.
After a few moments, Sharon said, "Damn girl. You're loud when you come." Everyone laughed.
I slept that night between Anna and Megan. Just before she went to sleep, Megan took my dick in her hand, kissed me, and said, "I still love you Harry."
Sometime around 3:00 a.m., Anna woke me up. She took my hand and we crawled off the bed. She led me to the suite's door, grabbing a keycard as we went. In the hall, Anna said, "We still need to do number six."
Anna led me to the lobby. There was a thick carpet on the floor inside the clear glass doors that led to the driveway. Anna started fondling me and, when I got semi-hard, she knelt and took me in her mouth. She was good and got me very hard quickly. I told her that she was good with her mouth.
"I get a lot of practice with Simon," Anna said. "A blow job is his favorite. Now, lie down. I'm a cowgirl."
Anna rode me for a long time. At one point, headlights flashed through the glass door. Whoever it was must have gotten a good view of us, but they didn't stop. It took longer because we were both fatigued, but Anna finally came, screaming "Six! Yes!" Not surprisingly, everyone was awake, and not too happy with us, when we returned to the room.
The next morning, we all dressed for the first time since Friday afternoon. We thanked the Walters for their incredible hospitality. We still hadn't seen Paula and Simon. Dressed, we were able to check the parking lot thoroughly and confirmed that Simon's car was gone. So was Paula's purse and, most important to her, her smartphone. Apparently, Paula and Simon had left sometime on Saturday.
Anna had come to the inn with Simon. I learned that Anna and Sharon shared an apartment when Sharon offered that she and Peter would take Anna home. "But," Anna said, "you're not going home. You're going to Peter's."
"It isn't that far out of our way," Sharon replied.
"Where is your apartment?" Megan asked. Sharon gave us a location just over a mile from Megan's townhouse. "Anna can ride with us," Megan said. "That isn't far from us at all." That seemed to satisfy everyone.
The drive home took a little over an hour. Anna, Megan, and I talked. Megan and I both were coming to like Anna a lot. Finally, Megan said, "Anna, you don't seem all that upset that Simon left you at the inn."
"I'm not surprised by it," Anna replied. "Simon's graduating in spring and is already accepted to grad school in Boston in the fall while I've still got another year here. So, the relationship already had a terminal date anyway. Don't get me wrong, Simon can be a lot of fun and he has some real positive qualities. But he's very, very bright and thinks that means he should be the decisionmaker about everything. He does what he thinks is right and thinks that being right excuses him from responsibility for consequences to others. He wants lead and wants me to follow and I'm just not that way."
We dropped Anna at her apartment and went home. I was surprised and disappointed that we didn't hear anything from Paula that day. As always, Megan seemed to take it in stride.
My Modern History of Central Europe class met the next morning. It was a cold February day. Anna was there, sitting in the front row. Students usually dressed down to go to class. Anna didn't that day. Anna wore a tight sweater and a long skirt that looked like suede. The skirt had big buttons in front. When Anna first sat down, she had the skirt buttoned so that it fell away from her legs revealing a bit of thigh above her knees. I started my lecture and, as always, tried to make eye contact with every student in the class. If nothing else, I wanted to see if they were all awake.
I guess I'd been talking for about ten minutes when I looked back at Anna. She had undone more buttons and most of her thighs were exposed. Damn, she looked sexy and very beautiful. I walked around the front of the hall as I talked. I answered a few questions. I was standing on the left side of the hall when I saw Anna's hand go up. I walked back to the center so that I face her as I discussed the question.
What I had not seen from the side of the hall was that Anna had unbuttoned her skirt completely. The two sides of the skirt had fallen away from her body. Anna wore nothing underneath and had her legs spread sufficiently so that, as I looked at her, I was looking at a very beautiful exposed pussy. When I looked at her face, Anna was smiling and looking me straight in the eyes.
Anna had asked a very good question. Distracted as I was, I stumbled through my response which gave her the opening to ask a couple of tough follow-up questions. I think that I handled those better although what I was seeing was in the forefront of my mind. After several minutes, Anna said, "Thank you Professor Stone" and let me move on.
When the class ended, Anna had rebuttoned her skirt so that she was only showing about half of her thighs. She stood back while I spoke to a couple of other students. She came up to me when they left.
Anna was smiling broadly as she said, "I'm sorry about the skirt. I just couldn't resist."
"Well," I said, "it was distracting but you are a very beautiful woman."
"Thank you," Anna said. "I'll behave for the rest of the semester."
"Don't behave too much," I replied.
"Deal," Anna said. She turned and walked out of the hall with an exaggerated swing to her hips.
Paula came to the townhouse that night. "I'm very sorry," she said. "I behaved very badly over the weekend. I, uh, well, I'm moving in with Simon." She let that sit for a moment before she explained. "I know that 'love at first sight' sounds like BS, but that is essentially what I did with you guys and it happened again with Simon. I was very down and insecure when Mike dumped me to take the road show gig. You guys were great. You took me in, loved me and nurtured me. You've taught me so much."
Paula paused, took a deep breath, and continued. "The two of you already had a relationship that I came into late. It wasn't anything you did, but I've felt like the extra person. What I need right now is only a two-person relationship. Please understand that I love you both, very much. But I need to do this."
"What about Anna?" Megan asked.
"I don't think that Anna was that invested in Simon," Paula responded. "She's too assertive and independent for him. Simon wants someone he can lead. I'm willing to be in that role. Anna isn't. And, from what I could see last weekend, Anna is very attracted to Harry." Megan glanced at me. I feigned innocence.
After a silence, Megan said, "Paula, it is your life. You must do what you think is best for you. Harry and I would never try to stop you. I hope your relationship with Simon works well for you. Know that you're always welcome here and, if there is anything at all we can do for you, we'd love to do it. Just ask."
Paula did not look happy. She softly said, "Simon and I will come by Saturday to pick up my stuff."
When Paula left, Megan said, "I really love her. I hope Simon works well for her."
"I love her too," I said. "I hoped that she'd stay with us for the long-term, but I'm not surprised that she isn't. She's very young."
"I'm not surprised either," Megan said. "Just a bit sad."
That Tuesday was a dreary day with a mix of snow, rain, and sleet. I was more than happy to finish that day, get home, strip, and cuddle with Megan under a blanket. We were surprised when Megan's doorbell rang at about 7:30 that evening. Megan and I were always nude at home. Whether we dressed to answer the door depended upon who was there. I peered through the small spyglass in Megan's front door. "It's Anna Marks," I told Megan.
Megan got up from under the blanket and joined me at the door. I opened it to let Anna in. Anna was wearing rubber boots and a long, hooded winter coat. She stood on Megan's mat while the water and ice dripped from her. Anna pushed back the hood of her coat. "Nice outfits," she said with a smile. Megan and I nodded thanks. "Have you talked to Paula?" Anna asked.
Nodding, Megan said, "She came over for a short while last night."
"Then you know that I'm without a boyfriend now," Anna said. She unzipped her coat and took it off. Anna was naked under her coat. "Can I hang with you guys?" she asked.