"Hi, can I help you?"
Herman couldn't answer. He was mesmerized. His eyes were moist moons, his jaw was slack, and his palms were suddenly sweaty. He was literally struck dumb by the divine creature before him.
"Welcome to Taco Bell... Can I help you?" she repeated.
Herman stuttered out an "I... I... I..." but could get no further. She was unbelievable!
Under five feet tall, she was a mixed girl with a pug nose, freckles, and a boyish set to her jaw. But there was nothing boyish about her body. Absurdly large, firm tits strained against her plain black Taco Bell shirt, and he could see a pleasing curve to her backside to match. She was a pocket goddess, a tiny half-black Venus.
She tilted her head impatiently, looking at the awkward, overweight white man in front of her. What the hell was wrong with this guy? She tucked some of her kinky hair back into her Taco Bell baseball cap and waited.
She was starting to think that maybe he was special needs when he blurted out, "A number eight, crunchy. And... and a coke."
She scrunched up her cute little nose as she punched the buttons. What a weirdo! She had tagged him as soon as he walked in with his stained pink t-shirt stretched over his big belly, his camo cargo shorts, and his white socks pulled up all the way. Oh, and off brand tennis shoes.
And those large deer-in-the-headlights eyes. As she glanced up from the keypad, she caught him staring at her tits.
Her stupid, ridiculous tits. God how she hated them. She had been a tom-girl from way back. She hated girls and their gossipy bullshit. She had always hung out with the guys. Wrestled and fought. Blew shit up with firecrackers. Cussed and spitted and farted with the best of them.
And she had always been accepted. One of the guys, just how she liked it. Then, half way through her sixteenth year, the traitors had shown up. The mosquito bites on her chest had started to grow. First just little mounds that were tender all the time, then they grew to the size of lemons, then oranges, and by the time she turned seventeen she was lugging around these swollen grapefruits!
And everything had changed. She was no longer one of the boys. Her large firm knockers could not be ignored. The fact that she had also grown a round, perfect bubble-butt was just icing on the shit cake.
The boys got nervous and agitated around her. They stopped telling her raunchy jokes, and started making her into a raunchy joke. Slowly but surely she was ejected from the sacred fraternity of boys. And it broke her heart.
Instead, they wanted to touch her. Squeeze her. Kiss her. But how could she let them? These were her friends, her buddies! They were like brothers to her. She would never let them touch her or see her naked, she was just too ashamed of her silly cartoon-like body. She felt awkward and top-heavy and ugly.
Then it had happened. Her best friend Mikey had tried to kiss her. She'd made a joke of it, to try to play it off, but he had been insistent. He'd kept pawing at her boobs and slobbering all over her neck, and when he reached for her crotch, it was too much. She slammed a knee into his crotch and ran. Her stupid fucking body had almost gotten her raped! By her best friend!
So for a year now she had been pretty much friendless. She still couldn't stand the company of girls, and boys were no longer an option. She had spent her eighteenth birthday last week alone and depressed. She'd sat in her apartment and said "Yay. Now I can vote and go to war," to an empty room.
And now here was this ugly fat white dude gawking at her carnival boobs while he thought she wasn't looking.
Soon the creep's food arrived and he shambled off to eat. She forgot him almost immediately as she took a drive-thru order.
But he did not forget her. Good lord no. Her image was forever burned into his retinas. Those perfectly shaped, gravity-defying tits! Jiggling ever so slightly with each motion. Rising and falling with each breath,
And that cute little serious face! Not quite angry, not quite sad... he couldn't figure her out, but he knew she was one in a million. She clearly didn't know how perfect she was. A true diamond in the rough.
He sat munching his tacos, knowing he had plenty of time. His daughter Liz had just started early morning weekend lessons at a nearby ballet studio. It was pretty prestigious and thus worth getting up early. His ex, the wicket bitch of the west, had dumped the duty on him, but he didn't mind. More time with Liz was always good.
Suddenly his thoughts were scattered by the appearance of the dusky little goddess. She began doing morning prep for the dining area. Spraying and wiping down the tables. Cleaning all the large windows. Sweeping the floors. Herman was in heaven.
He watched with hot eyes as the hot little tom-boy went from table to table, spraying and bending over to vigorously wipe them down.
Each circular motion set her massive tits jiggling. On her tiny frame, the effect was mesmerizing. Although she wore an unflattering uniform shirt, there was no hiding the enticing sway of firm tit-flesh.
Since her shirt was tucked in, he could see she had a slim waist, and although her work slacks were clearly Wal Mart junk, they could not hide the swell of her hips and her taut, muscular ass cheeks.
Once, she bent over to scrape something off the floor, and he was treated to a full-on view of her perfect ass. It rebelled and pushed against containment in the cheap polyester blend with a sensual vengeance. It too jiggled ever so slightly with each motion of her upper body. Below and between the cheeks nestled a plump little mound that was thrown into stark relief by her bent-over position. He couldn't help but gasp a little at the sheer beauty of it all.
He shook his head. She was the perfect little package. Short and sulky. Cute button nose complete with perpetual scowl. Extra-large cone-tipped tits. A perfectly shaped apple-ass. And every inch of her firm but supple curves.
He sat and finished his breakfast in ecstasy. It was the best he'd felt in years, since his divorce in fact. The raw sexual woman-ness of this girl was both enflaming and calming. In some way, this ultra-sexy little woman was awakening something he had thought long dead. For the first time in years, he felt the man inside him stirring, waking up.
Bonnie went about her morning prep as usual, but it was impossible to ignore the creeper's eyes all over her body. Once, when she bent over, she actually imagined she could feel ghost hands caressing her full buttocks.
As she began wiping the windows, he no longer even pretended to look away. He was captivated. As she reached up to get the tops of the windows, her amazing firm melons lifted too, swaying gently in time with the motion of her hands. It was hypnotizing.
Herman did his best to undress her with her eyes. As she stood on tip-toes to reach up high, he tried to imagine what her naked tits would look like. He decided large, dark areolae, contrasting with the smooth caramel of her lush tit flesh. Thick, proud nipples. It was hard to tell under her industrial strength bra. She would have a tiny waist, with a slight womanly bulge to her tummy. Probably an outie belly button.
And that ass. God that ass. Round, perfect globes of firm caramel flesh. The kind that would wobble like jello when slapped. Succulent and smooth.
Bonnie couldn't believe the old perv. Had he no shame? She longed to be done with morning prep. He was making her feel dirty, like she was naked or something!
She hated her body. It was an embarrassment to her. And yet this weirdo was making her feel exposed, violated. Her cheeks flushed with shame.
As she finished up, she felt almost slimy. As if the stranger had been touching her all over her body, she felt like she needed a shower.
Herman noticed her discomfort but could not help himself. He was addicted. Entranced. She was a cute little girl with the body of a fertility goddess. As she moved about the room, she tried her best to move mechanically and unsexy, and she failed miserably. She exuded sexuality. It was literally straining against her clothes, yearning to burst forth.
After about twenty minutes, she finally finished cleaning and went back behind the counter. This early in the morning there was only one other employee, an older Hispanic woman. Herman crooked his neck but could no longer see the little beauty. Time to go. But he would be back.
*******
That night, Bonnie had trouble getting to sleep. She couldn't seem to get that creepy dude out of her head.
When she'd gotten home from work, she'd gone straight for the shower. She actually felt physically dirty! But as she'd stood under the warm, calming flow of water, something odd had happened. As she rubbed her hands over her slick, soapy tits, she pictured the hot eyes of the stranger.
At that moment, something melted in her, just a little bit. Some of her frosty bitterness at the unfairness of her ridiculous body thawed, just a little.
He was really into me, she thought as her hands continued to trace lazy circles over the wet mounds of her bosom.
She stopped immediately when she felt her nipples harden. A warm liquid feeling flashed through her lower belly and she snatched her hands away from her tits, yelping, "What the fuck?"
*******
Herman also had trouble sleeping. He was a man obsessed. He just laid there, visualizing her perfect face in exact detail. The warm but guarded chocolate eyes. The pug nose. The sprinkle of freckles across her cheeks and nose. Her full lips.
And that fucking body. So lush and curvy it was almost a caricature. Almost too fucking sexy. Herman felt a desire unlike any he'd ever known, and he wished he could masturbate to help wash her out of his mind.
But... he couldn't. To his shame and embarrassment, he could no longer get an erection. Not for the last three years. His doctor assured him the cause was psychological, but that didn't seem to help him get a boner.
No, ever since he had walked in on his wife with another woman, he had not been the same. Most men thought it would be sexy to see their wife with another woman. Hell, they might even pay for such a thing. But Herman had not enjoyed it one bit.
He could still picture the scene. Walking into his bedroom, home early. At first he couldn't process what he was seeing. His wife's face, upside-down. A tight athletic ass straddling her head. His wife's tongue buried in the slobbering hole of some unknown woman. Said woman was moaning loudly, but her voice was muffled by what Herman could only assume was his wife's cunt.
He stood frozen, unable to move. Both women were moaning and writhing in a wanton sixty-nine. His wife appeared to be on fire. Through the shock a thought came to him... she was never that turned on with him!
His wife just continued to make out with the hot little cunt in her face. She stabbed her tongue into it, lapped up the juice, slobbered along the outer lips, sucked on the engorged clit. He watched, completely powerless, as the women drove each other to a massive orgasm.
He just stood there as they screamed and sucked on each other's cunts and spasmed uncontrollably, their twats leaking and dribbling all over the place.
Finally, his wife looked up and saw him. And she smiled. But it was not a kind smile. It was a vicious, hateful smile. When she saw the look of shock and hurt on his face, she started to laugh.
The other woman lifted her head, turned around and started to laugh too. Herman felt a burning shame as tears flowed down his face.
"Why?" was all he could muster against their aggressive hilarity.
And that's what set her off.
Her face became an ugly mask, her neck tendons sticking out, veins in her forehead throbbing.
"Why? You ask me why, you piece of shit?" she screamed.
Herman took a step back.
"You're not even a man, you pathetic sniveling little bitch!!" she sneered, her voice rising in pitch. "You've never pleasured me even a little bit. All you do is hurt me with that bumbling comical dick of yours!"
He hated himself for weeping, but he couldn't help himself. She had always claimed to love him for his sensitivity. He had never tried to pretend to be macho or anything. He thought she loved him for who he was. And it wasn't his fault his dick was too big to fit into her little pussy.
By now the other woman had rolled over and sat up with legs spread wantonly. Her shaven cunt was angry read and dripping lewdly. She had tattoos all over her body and dozens of piercings.
"Jesus, you were right," said the dyke, "he is a big bitch!"
They both began laughing again and they leaned towards each other and wrapped their arms around each other.
Herman just turned and ran. Out of his wife's life and into purgatory. He gained weight. He stopped caring about his appearance. And he no longer got erections. Not even at night. He had been utterly and completely emasculated.
He sighed and rolled over in bed. He didn't want to think about his bitch ex-wife. After a while he was able to fall asleep with visions of a freckle-faced nymphet dancing through his mind.
*******
The next morning, Bonnie heard the door chime just after opening and she knew. The weirdo was back.
Sure enough, it was a repeat performance of yesterday. He just couldn't seem to take his eyes off her. He soaked in every sway of her proud tits, every thrust of her bubble butt, every nervous glance she threw his way.
He was hypnotized. His food was forgotten on the tray, and his eyes radiated slavish adoration. Again, Bonnie could almost feel his eyes caressing her, and for some reason, she flashed back to that hot moment in the shower last night.
Herman was watching her clean the windows when something happened. He was looking at her in profile, admiring the way her youthful tits pressed and strained against her uniform shirt.
She stole a nervous glance his way, then looked away. Suddenly, she closed her eyes and hunched over a bit. He thought he heard a little moan but couldn't be sure. At the same moment, her nipples suddenly stood up, all at once hard as pebbles!
Herman's eyes grew wide. The changes were undeniable. She was turned on!
Suddenly her eyes flashed open and she ran from the room, leaving the window half cleaned.
Herman sat shell-shocked. What had just happened? Everything he had learned in his thirty-five years told him that he had witnessed a woman suddenly turned on. But by what? His self-esteem was so low, he couldn't believe it was him. She must have thought of someone else. Perhaps a recent encounter. Surely she was sexually active.
He mentally shrugged. It didn't matter. It had been the sexiest two seconds of his life. Just by moaning, hunching over, biting her lip, and popping nips, she had given him the most erotic moment he had ever lived through. What a fucking goddess!
*******
The next day dawned, and Herman shuffled in, excited to see his delightful muse again. It was Monday, so he no longer had the excuse of dropping his daughter off at ballet to be there. He was stalking pure and simple. He was obsessed.
And there she was at the register, looking up at him under the bill of her uniform hat. Her lips turned up in the ghost of a smile. The very first he'd seen on her face.
It was almost painfully beautiful. Heart beating fast, he got the feeling that he had just glanced through a window to her soul. He saw a wounded yet infinitely sweet young woman.
And he fell a little more.
But as she began her cleaning it became evident that something had changed. Was she bending over for longer than necessary? Was she shaking her tits a little more vigorously? Was she arching her back a tad while cleaning the windows?
Yes and yes and yes.
Furthermore, there was no ignoring her proudly hardened nipples. Even through her heavy underwire bra, he could see her nipples thrusting forth with bold sensuality.
And yes, they were big. Rubbery nubbins pressing excitedly through two layers of fabric, begging to be pinched. Twisted. Sucked.
Herman sat like a man in a waking coma. Bonnie had no trouble imagining a line of drool dribbling from one side of his mouth. He looked like a mental patient on meds. He was absolutely entranced by her beauty.
As she worked, she once again felt his eyes caressing her swollen tits and taut nipples, felt a ghost of a stroke between her legs as she bent over, a phantom squeeze of an ample buttock.
And it felt good. Suddenly it was clear to her. He liked her body. A lot. He was not amused nor disgusted, but rather entranced. And even though he couldn't get enough eye candy, he was not becoming like a lust-crazed monster the way the other boys had.
That was it. He was safe. Unlike her former friends, this man would never try anything. They were in public.
He made her feel sexy... womanly, for the first time in her life. Yet he was completely harmless. Somehow this made her very horny, and very, very happy.
*******
Herman was truly happy for the first time in years. He was coming in every morning, not just weekends. When she wasn't there, he ate and left. But when she was...
He was in absolute heaven. He sat in the same place every day, and watched the amazing elfin creature move with more grace and beauty than any ballet company. She exuded fresh and innocent sexuality.
This continued for three more weeks, both of them strangely happy despite exchanging no more than a dozen words a day. Bonnie was actually starting to feel sexy and desirable for the first time in her life. And Herman, well, Herman was changing too.
Day after day, he watched his young crush arch her back, stick out her tits, and wiggle her ass. It was a beautiful erotic dance. Just for him. It did wonders for his wounded self-esteem. He stopped eating self-abusively. He drank less. Although he wasn't aware, he was dropping five to ten pounds a week.
Two more weeks passed, and Bonnie suddenly noticed. She wasn't sure when it happened, but at some point the chubby weirdo had stopped being chubby. And weird. He had lost his beer belly and had gotten a nice hair-cut. He was even wearing nice clothes. Khaki slacks and a polo shirt. He looked nice. Handsome even.
This struck Bonnie in a strange way. Suddenly he was no longer completely safe. Yet of course he was. She knew he was gentle and would never harm her. Yet the fact that he was no longer the slovenly weirdo struck in a confusing way. In her own way, she had grown very fond of him, but strictly for the way he made her feel. She had never thought of him as in any way attractive.
As he walked away with his tray, she glanced down at his noticeably narrowed ass and frowned. She had to admit. She was attracted to him. But what did this mean for their strange unspoken agreement? She was torn with confusion.
Without thinking, she ducked into the bathroom and removed her bra.
WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING? her brain screamed. She ignored it. She somehow knew it was time to take this to a new level. What exactly that meant she had no idea, but she shivered with excitement at the thought.
When she emerged, Herman noticed something different immediately. Her breasts seemed fuller and more fluid-moving. NO BRA! a voice inside his head screamed, and he was lost to the world.
As she reached up to clean, he could clearly see the conical contours of her engorged areolae, as well as her proud thick nipples, rendering the cloth nearly invisible with their lewd rigidity.
Then he sucked in his breath as he noticed the second bonus. Her shirt was riding up her midriff. She hadn't tucked in her shirt!
His eyes about popped out of his head as he ogled her tender belly flesh. Soft skin the color of mellow caramel. Hip flexor muscles clear above her hipbones. A softly curving, very womanly tummy-bulge. It was the most erotic thing he'd ever seen.
Then she turned and looked directly at him.
Their eyes met with an intense connection that shocked them both. In a micro-second, both saw the wounded nature of the other, but also the sweetness and the longing for intimacy.
This kind of soul-baring connection was almost too much within the already heavily sex-charged atmosphere. Bonnie released an involuntary moan and she felt her panties suddenly awash with hot, slick girl-juice.
And Herman felt his thick cock stir and harden. As their eye contact continued, his dick grew to its full nine plus inches and began to throb almost painfully in his trousers.
It felt so natural and powerful he almost didn't notice.
Bonnie too was transfixed by the strange connection. Her panties were soaked, literally for the first time in her life, and her nipples were so hard they were aching pleasurably.
Suddenly the man broke eye contact and looked down with surprise. Bonnie followed his glance and was shocked to see his casual khakis tented with a massive hard-on. She had only seen two cocks in her life, both at the disastrous end of friendships, but this one was WAY bigger.
He shifted the massive pole so that it was angled sideways in his pants instead of straight out. She couldn't take her eyes off the massive tool and she felt even more fluid gush out of her hot slit. Damn! She was going to be a mess down there.
And with that the spell was broken. For the second time she turned and fled from the room, her duties uncompleted.
She went immediately to the bathroom and took her pants down. The room immediately filled with the raunchy hot-house smell of her dribbling cunt. Her crotch was a slimy mess, undies completely soaked.
She peeled off her panties and rinsed them in the sink, then squeeze-dried them. Then she sat on the toilet and went about the business of cleaning up the hot swamp between her legs.
Not being in any way sexually active, she had never shaved down there, so it was a hairy, slimy, musky mess. She did her best to dry off with toilet tissue, but every time she drug a wad across her cunny, it twitched and released more juice. And she could not get that massive cock out of her mind. What did it look like? What did it FEEL like?
She finally realized that she would not be able to simply stop the fire in her belly. She was going to have to do something about it. But she had no experience in masturbation. Until recently, her body had been her enemy. Her mother had never even mentioned sex, and she really had no idea what to do.
But she knew what she felt. She felt empty inside. So she slipped a finger inside. Oh yes. Very nice. She slipped another in. Perfect. The top of her pussy was on fire, so she reached down and felt the little button there. Yes, oh yes. She found that by sloshing her fingers in and out, and by diddling her clit, she could feed the desire building in her.
Good lord, what she had been missing! It was wonderful. It just kept building and building. She wondered how it would end. She had heard of orgasms, but she half-believed that the female orgasm was a myth. But she was starting to think she might just find out herself in a few minutes...
Electric sensations were starting to radiate from her pussy outward to her entire body, when she heard the rattle of a key in the lock.
OHMYFUCKINGGOD! she screamed in her own head. She had used her employee key to get in, but the public key was still out there on the checkout counter, readily available for anyone.
All of this flashed through her mind in a heartbeat as the door began to open. And there he was.
*******
Herman was in love. And excited and relieved and thrilled! Somehow that wonderful woman-child had awoken his sleeping manhood.
She ran off again, strange enchanting creature that she was, but he now had a mission. For the first time in three years, he had a raging boner. And over a month's worth of fantasy candy. He was going to go jerk off like a real man!
He got the key and opened the door and...
HOLYFUCKINGSHIT! His mind almost shut down at the sight he beheld. His goddess was sitting on the pot. No pants. No panties. Legs spread, and two fingers knuckle-deep in her hairy cooch.
Her face held the cutest surprised expression he'd ever seen. Her full lips made a perfect "o" and her eyes were wide with shock.
He let his gaze lower. Past her giant heaving titties. Down to her beautiful, thick, womanly bush. Nestled amid the matted curls were elegantly slovenly pink pussy lips smeared with goo, splayed obscenely. Two fingers were thrust into that gorgeous slobbering hole.
And the smell. Oh God, the lush stink of that gaping, flowing little cunt. Fertile and musky. Tangy. Sexy as hell.
Like a man in a dream, Herman unzipped his pants and fished out his hard cock.
Bonnie's eyes flashed down, and surprise was replaced with hot desire. The two fingers sunk a little deeper into her fuck hole, and she moaned a little.
Herman's cock was harder than it had ever been before. It was stuck straight out and up, bouncily slightly with each throb of his heartbeat.
She raised her hooded eyes and they locked souls again. In a silent second, they came to an unspoken agreement.
She slowly reached back with her other hand and began rubbing her clit again. He reached down and grasped his throbbing pole. He gripped it firmly, relishing the feel of his own pulse through the shaft. It had been so long!
He swirled the pre-cum dribbling from his cock hole, and used it to lube his straining shaft. He began slowly and deliberately pumping his cock, eyes locked on her eyes, but still able to see her entire body through some magic of peripheral vision.
She continued squishing her two fingers in and out of her grasping little cunny as still more juice gushed out of her.
Herman breathed in the heady musk of her sloppy little hothouse flower as he pistoned his cock with his fist, from time to time swabbing his drooling cock head for more lubricating pre-jizz.
Soon they were both fucking themselves with wild abandon. Their breath came fast and harsh in the tiny restroom. Little grunts and moans escaped their lips. The room was filled with squishy wet sounds and the funky stink of fucking.
As Bonnie looked deep into Herman's eyes, she realized she had never felt sexier or more loved. She had never felt this intimately connected with anyone, ever. And they were not even touching!
She could feel something building inside her. Something she had never felt before.
Herman watched the sexy little doll finger her own twat with wild abandon. Her lips were pouted together as she made slutty little "oh" sounds.
Suddenly, she started whipping her head back and forth and thrusting her crotch upwards, her moans getting louder and louder. All at once, she thrust her cunt forward and seized rigidly in position. She let out a sharp little scream and her sweet little pussy gushed an impressive amount of cunt-drool all at once.
It was the sexiest thing Herman had ever seen. It triggered his own massive orgasm. He felt it surge from the soles of his feet as his balls clenched in painful ecstasy.
He pumped his cock one last time, gripping tight, eyes fixed on her dribbling little pussy. He shuddered with extreme pleasure as the first spurt of sperm erupted from his cock head.
It was followed with spurt after spurt of thick, ropey cum. It flew through the air and almost reached the girl, even though she was almost ten feet away. It just kept pumping as he released three years of pent-up passion.
Bonnie's eyes grew large as she watched his cock erupt. Even as the aftershocks of her first ever orgasm were spasming in her loins, she felt hot juice gushing from her hole at the sight of all that sperm flying everywhere.
It just kept pumping out! She had a mad desire to fasten her lips on the head and suck the cum out like cream from a twinkie. She wondered what it tasted like.
Finally the last of Herman's massive load dribbled out of his hole and down the veiny shaft of his still-throbbing shaft. He felt totally drained. Content. Happy.
Bonnie too was leaning back and feeling the bliss of orgasmic afterglow.
Suddenly, there was a knock at the door. "Har choo hokay?" came a heavily accented voice.
"Oh shit!" Bonnie hissed. "It's Esmerelda!" She was looking around, clearly in a panic. Gobs of sperm covered the floor, the toilet seat was covered with pussy juice, her crotch and thighs were slimy and wet, and the room smelled strongly of cunt juice and semen.
And then she looked up into his eyes, and was suddenly calm. All she saw there was gentle adoration. Almost worshipfulness.
It was like balm for her soul. She spoke in a loud, clear voice. "I'm okay Esmerelda. I just saw a roach. I'll be out in a minute."
"Hokay. Choo scare me."
"Sorry," she called, still looking into the man's adoring eyes, a small smile on her lips.
He went to the sink and rinsed his gooey cock and stuffed it back in his pants. He looked down at the slimy mess of spew on the floor and raised his eyebrows. She shook her head. "I'll get the mop."
He smiled and watched in awe as she used wadded toilet paper to dry her drenched cunt. Her slender, fleshy pussy lips were still engorged and reddened. Her little hole was already tightly closed again, with only a trail of dribbling cunt-juice evidence of the gaping, spasming hole that had been clenching in orgasm only seconds ago.
She used the hand-drier to dry her undies, passing it back and forth in front of the air flow. Herman just stood in bliss, soaking up the sight of the perfect, bulging round globes of her buttocks pushing out under her shirt.
Finally, when she was dressed again, she walked up to him and cupped his cheek with her hand.
It was their first touch, and Herman thought he might die. Her smile was so sweet and shy. God how he adored her!
And then she was gone.
*******
The next day, she took his order with that same small smile.
When she came out to clean, he saw that once again she was wearing no bra. For about ten minutes, he just enjoyed the buxom view. Eventually she worked her way towards him. Soon she was cleaning the window right next to him.
By now her nipples were rock hard and her little slit was slippery. Her body was aching to be touched, but she knew he would never take such a liberty. So as she continued to wipe the window, she said softly, "You can touch... if you want."
Herman's eyes widened and he gulped. His hand was actually trembling as he reached out for her right tit with his right hand. He could see the firm tit flesh wobbling invitingly before his eyes.
He gently touched her firm boob through the cheap polyester, and heard her moan. Her moans were the sexiest thing he'd ever heard, a husky little, "uuunnngggh." He rotated his wrist until her heavy tit filled his hand to overflowing. He was amazed at both its firmness and its rubbery softness. He felt the large nipple and he squeezed it between his first two fingers, eliciting another sexy moan.
For the next several minutes, Bonnie continued to clean the same section of window, and Herman went crazy worshipping her tits through her shirt. He squeezed and kneaded, using only one hand, moving from left to right and back. He pinched her large knobby nipples. He one minute tenderly caressed the swollen globes, the next minute squeezed and slapped them lightly.
He was in perv heaven. Her tits were absolutely perfect! His already hard cock surged into painful rigidity when he caught the aroma of her tangy young pussy. She was wet for him!
He felt like all the nerve endings in his body were in the fingertips of his right hand. He drew pleasure directly from the feel and weight of her lovely warm breasts.
Suddenly, as he was twirling a thick hard nipple between his thumb and forefinger, she tensed up and couldn't suppress a sexy moan.
"Unnnnggghhh," she growled as the fire from her nipples spread to her clenching cunt and exploded there.
Herman's eyes went wide. She was cumming! Hard! He hadn't even known a tit-orgasm was possible! She remained rigid, and her purring moan just kept going.
It was too much for Herman. Her soft, pliable titties that she had wantonly let him molest. Her jerky attempts to continue cleaning the window. The sexy smell of her fully lubed and ready pussy. And now this extended hot little orgasm.
He couldn't help it. It was like a dam overflowing. Suddenly his cock was spewing cum. It took him completely by surprise and he too went rigid, squeezing her firm tit, as his boxers filled with spurt after spurt of hot cum. His first ever hands-free orgasm!
After what seemed like ages, she relaxed and so did he as his cock stopped twitching and spitting in his pants. She looked down at him with a full, open smile, took him by the hand, and led him into the bathroom.
For the second time they cleaned up their cum together. Not a word was said, and none was needed. They were both divinely happy.
They parted with smiles.
*******
The next day, after ordering, Herman went to his regular place and sat down. He wondered what would happen now. He had "broken the fourth wall" so to speak, and actually touched her. What did this mean for their relationship? For their play? He hoped it would go on as usual. He had grown so very fond of his sweet little caramel goddess.
She came out and began her cleaning as usual, casting shy smiles his way from time to time. Herman realized that he could watch her forever, and although touching her had been wonderful, this was enough.
Just like yesterday, she eventually came close to him and began washing the window next to him. He reached out shyly, and when she didn't move away, he cupped her full tit, sighing with the pleasure of touching this beautiful young woman in her intimate places.
Once again he stroked and pinched and pulled at her heavy melons as she did her best to keep up the pretense of washing the window. Sexy little moans escaped her full lips from time to time as she leaned into his hand.
After a few more minutes, she suddenly opened her eyes and looked directly at Herman. With eyes locked, she slowly sank to her knees in front of him. Although he was disappointed to have his hand removed from her perfect tits, he was suddenly surprised by a new sensation. He broke eye contact and looked down to see her tiny brown hand resting on the bulge of his cock.
His eyes grew larger as she squeezed and explored the outline of his now painfully hard cock. Even through his pants it was almost too much to bear. Suddenly, she got a mischievous look on her face, and she looked around. On the floor, she was more or less blocked from view.
She smiled, glancing briefly up at the man, and began tugging down his zipper. She just had to see this monster again. And... maybe... taste it?
Herman moaned as she pulled his zipper all the way down and reached into his fly to fish out his cock. She somehow wormed her hand through the fly of his boxers as well, and soon had ahold of his huge throbbing cock. Herman could barely contain himself. Her hot little fist wrapped around his cock was sending electric sensations all through his body, and making his balls tighten up painfully.
He had to help her by adjusting his body, so long and rigidly hard was his fuck pole. But she finally managed to get it out.
Herman couldn't believe it. He was sitting in full public display, at a fucking Taco Bell, for Christ's sake, with his huge cock standing nakedly at attention.
And a beautiful little woman-child was kneeling before him, fist gripping his root, and eyes glazed over as if in a trance.
She moved her fist up and down a few times, experimentally, and then stopped and gave it another firm squeeze. She was surprised and delighted to see a large, thick drop of clear pre-cum dribble from his dick head. She used it as she had seen the man use it, smearing around the slick liquid and coating the head. Soon she had the head and first few inches slick and wet with his own dick juice.
She thought back to the bathroom when they had watched each other, and she remembered how much cum had erupted from his cock. She felt an electric thrill at the memory. She also remembered wondering how it tasted. Well... only one way to find out!
Herman watched, unbelieving, as she leaned forward, and daintily wrapped her full lips around the head of his ramrod-stiff cock. He moaned at the feel of the heat of her mouth around his engorged cock-head. Her fist still firmly gripped his pole as she began shyly licking his cock head. He was in absolute heaven when she dipped her tongue into his cock-hole and lapped up the pre-cum seeping out.
Bonnie couldn't believe how horny she was. This was just so fucking wrong! She could lose her job for this. Hell, she could probably go to jail! But she didn't care. It just felt too damn good. She loved the power she felt over the man. With a swirl of her tongue, she could set him moaning. She knew that, at this moment, he would do literally anything for her. Anything. It made her feel sexy. Womanly. Wanted.
She continued licking the cock head, treating it like an ice-cream cone, enjoying the salty-bitter taste of his pre-cum. She found that she could control that, also. If she squeezed the massive shaft, a few more drops would dribble out of his cock like magic. God, she loved this!
But she knew she was taking a risk. Esmerelda could come out of the back at any minute. Hell, a customer could walk in. Or any of the pedestrians outside could look in at just the right angle. She had to do this quick.
So she set about sucking her first cock. She didn't know much about how to do it, but she was creative and also horny as hell. She took her lips off his cock only long enough to slather the pre-cum and saliva over his entire shaft. Soon, she was sucking and licking his swollen cock-head, while pistoning both fists up and down his pole.
Herman was just a fucking rag doll. He was completely at the mercy of the angel kneeling in front of him. He was moaning and thrashing around in his seat, making stupid and ugly faces, as he felt a monster orgasm building.
What she lacked in technique, she made up for in enthusiasm. She went after his cock like she was wrestling an anaconda. She kept her fists tight as she pumped them up and down his fuck-shaft. She sucked and tongued and lapped at his cock head, although she could fit no more in her tiny mouth.
Suddenly, she began to suck intensely at the tip, while simultaneously licking the tender valley of the underhead of his cock. Her fists just kept squeezing and stroking his pulsing shaft.
It was too much. Herman felt the orgasm building all through his body. He began lewdly thrusting his cock forward in little jabs, forcing it further back into the girl's mouth. He heard her gagging but was not really capable of logical thought. He could feel his balls tightening and twitching, eager to unleash a torrent of sperm.
And then he came. Oh, God, how he came. He felt the semen surge through his cock as ecstasy rocked through his body. And the girl just kept sucking, and her fists kept pumping.
Bonnie was more excited than she'd ever been before. She had felt the man's rising excitement almost as her own. She felt the new power in her body rising as his breathing quickened and be began thrusting his hips.
And when he moaned and unleashed his semen into her mouth, she lost all sense of self. Her own orgasm snatched her up and tossed her out of her own head. She was now just a fuck animal, sucking and pulling at his spurting snake, trying to drink every last drop of his thick, gooey man-milk.
She drank as much as she could directly from his cock-hole, swallowing as he shot load after load into her hungry little slut mouth. But she couldn't get it all. There was just too much. Some dribbled out of the sides of her mouth and down her chin.
She didn't care. She was lost to the world, moaning and thrashing, her entire world shrunk down to this one amazing cock. Sucking and tonguing and pumping, as her own body writhed in orgasmic ecstasy. God it was good.
As Herman's orgasm slowly released him and he came back to himself, he looked down at the amazing young woman. And she looked up at him, his cock still in her mouth. The look they shared could only be called loving. Tender.
After the animal lust had been satisfied, what was left behind was a mellow yet powerful love. He loved this girl. That was the plain truth. She was literally the best thing that had ever happened to him.
And Bonnie, well, there was no mistaking the look she saw in this man's eyes. And she liked it. Loved it. Needed it. She needed to be loved, she had always needed it. For the first time in her short life, someone was giving her something precious. Unconditional love.
She stood up, not breaking eye contact, and gently placed his softening cock back in his pants. She could still taste his semen, and it reminded her somehow of flowers at springtime. She had to admit she liked the taste. With a thrill she wondered if he would like the taste of her.
She turned with a smile, breaking eye contact and walking away. She grabbed a napkin at the condiment bar to wipe the last of his sperm from her chin.
Herman watched her walk away in shock and awe. She was truly a goddess, and he truly worshipped her. He was happier than he had ever been in his life. With a big stupid smile, he zipped up his zipper and walked out, his food completely untouched.
*******
The girl was not there the next day, and Herman felt the loss heavily. There was no question. He was addicted. He went to work later in the morning, but couldn't concentrate on the reports on his desk. He finally checked out early, claiming a stomach ache.
At home he could only pace and think of the beautiful young girl. Images flashed through his mind. Her perfect, huge tits swaying as she cleaned. Her glorious bubble butt. His eyes grew hot as his memory moved forward in time. That hot, wet, hairy little pussy. The smooth naked globes of her butt-flesh. And oh, god, the sight of her looking up at him with his cock head in her mouth, those cute little freckles betrayed by her wanton actions.
He was a man obsessed, yet he felt something much deeper as well. This was more than just an obsession. He felt keyed to her in every way, sexually, chemically, emotionally. He simply could not imagine his life without her. He shook his head. What was happening to him?
He finally fell asleep that night only by promising himself that he would find a way to make her his. For real, not in the strange, anonymous way they had been carrying on. He wanted her forever.
The next day, after ordering with shy smiles all around, Herman went to his usual seat. He had a plan. When she went to wipe down the condiment area, he moved up behind her.
He had selected this area very carefully. It was hidden from the back, where the Hispanic woman worked, and it was also blocked from view from the front windows. Best of all, they could still see the front door, just in case the rare early-morning customer showed up.
She turned to him and he raised his eyebrows in silent supplication. She nodded slightly, a ghost of a smile on her face, and turned to resume cleaning.
He stepped behind her, eyes alert on the door, and slid his hands around. He actually had to reach down to find her firm knockers, she was so short. She sighed as his hands slid around the curve of the side of her boobs. He continued until he was firmly palming both of her massive melons.
He felt his cock stir in his pants as her rock hard nipples pressed against his palms. She gasped as he pinched them both between his thumb and forefinger.
Suddenly, she stopped wiping and untucked her shirt. The message was clear. With a fierce grin, Herman moved his hands down to her waist. Her skin was soft and warm. He felt the taut muscles of her hip flexors as she tensed with excitement.
He moved his hands around to the gentle swell of her tummy and began to stroke her in lazy, circular motions. He gradually worked his way up until he reached the abrupt shelf of her heavy, swollen breasts. Slowly, lovingly, he cupped them from below, rejoicing in their warm weight.
The smooth, taut skin shot ripples of ecstasy through his fingertips and all through his body, as he squeezed and kneaded her firm, rubbery melons.
He just went crazy on her naked tits as his cock strained against his slacks. He kneaded and juggled and pinched her tender hot tit flesh. He had to remove one hand for a moment to adjust his painfully raging pole. He pointed it upwards, relieving the strain, but now his cock was peeking out of the top of his pants. He felt a rush of cool air as the top three inches of his cock were suddenly exposed above his waistband.
As soon as he put both hands back on her trembling tits, she sighed and pushed her ass backwards, seeking more contact. Herman was more than willing to comply. He stepped forward a bit and spread his legs to get the proper altitude, then he humped needfully against her ass, both hands full of jiggling tit.
He couldn't help but gasp as her warm, succulent ass cheeks pressed against his hard cock. He could feel the rough material of her cheap trousers directly against his exposed cock head as he hunched slowly up and down.
Bonnie felt the massive tool wedged against her ass cheeks and she felt her cunt suddenly gush with need, her undies drenched in an instant. She pushed back against him, delighting in his low moans of ecstasy. She was now slowly gyrating her bubble but against his insistent humping, loving the throbbing hardness of his need.
Meanwhile, her abused, thick nipples were hard as diamonds, sending little electric jolts to her cunny and back. Her whole body was on fire!
For the first time in her life, she felt an odd sort of aching need. And emptiness that literally begged to be filled. It was brand new to her, and she had no idea how to deal with it. She... just... needed! Her pussy was hot and drenched and it ached with emptiness. She... NEEDED.
She had no defense against this burning need. It raged through her and took away all conscious choice. She put down her rag, reached down and undid her pants, and quickly pulled them down to her knees.
Herman couldn't believe his good luck. He looked down and saw that she was wearing lime green undies, and the color contrasted beautifully with the warm caramel of her lower back and thighs. He ogled the thrusting mounds of her ass cheeks stretching the thin cotton.
But his throbbing cock reminded him of his own need and he stepped back against her, pushing his rock-hard fuck pole against and between her perfect buttocks. As soon as his cock head came into contact with the soft fabric of her undies, he felt his cock flash with heat as pre-cum began to dribble out of the tip.
For the next few minutes, they writhed against each other, as he humped and hugged her close, massaging and tweaking her engorged, sensitive titties. He could smell her hot, fertile cunt as it dribbled lubrication and need. The back of her undies had a slimy strip where he was sliding his dribbling cock-head between her firm ass cheeks.
Suddenly, she turned her head and he saw that her eyes were hot and strange. "Please!" she hissed, hooking a thumb into her panties, pushing them down.
Herman got the message. He reached down and undid his pants and pulled down his underwear. His throbbing cock sprung free, pulsing red with need the head literally dripping pre-cum.
Bonnie was wantonly thrusting her naked caramel ass back, arching her back in desperate need. "Please!" she hissed again. God damn, she was horny!
Herman did not need to be told three times. He spread his legs again to find the right elevation and began rubbing his slobbering cock between her legs. She was sopping wet! Juice was literally dripping down her legs.
Her back was arched so fully that her tits were almost on the counter and her pussy was pointed directly back at his rampaging cock. Herman couldn't take it anymore. This girl was in heat!
He rubbed his slimy cock head up and down a few more times until he found the slight indentation that was the most secret entrance to her body.
With one hand guiding his fuck pole, and the other grasping her curving hip, he began pushing forward. Her little cunt hole was clenched tight, and he wasn't sure it would fit. Despite his raging need, he knew he could never hurt this perfect creature.
But Bonnie had other ideas. Now that the hot, hard cock flesh was pressing against her cringing cunt, she needed it more than ever. She squeezed her eyes shut, grasped his hand on her hip, and pushed back.
Herman moaned as her pussy relented and the enormous mushroom head popped inside the girl's body. She let out a little whimper and pushed her hand back in a silent gesture to stop.
Pain and need warred within her. The mouth of her pussy was on fire with pain, but her tummy still wanted more. Slowly, the pain faded and her need reasserted itself.
Herman was in heaven. This sweet little fuck troll held his cockhead in her cunt like a fist! He could feel the hot pre-cum drooling into her, lubing her up. He was content to wait until she adjusted to his size, caressing her jutting tits and whispering calming nonsense in her ear.
Finally, her body relaxed and she removed the restraining hand. Herman took the hint and moved both his hands to her immense jutting tits. Holding on for leverage, he began to rock his hips just a little, levering his enraged cock in and out, just a tiny bit at a time.
Bonnie still felt pain, but the friction of his fat cock against her pussy walls was driving her crazy. She could feel her inner cunt absolutely gushing as her body released more slime to help slicken the way.
As Herman felt her relaxing and getting even wetter, he began to increase the length of each slow penetration. Her little twat was so tight he had to concentrate not to cum immediately. God damn her hot little pussy was good!
He now was levering a good three inches in and out of her clenching little cunt. He could hear little squish sounds as he opened her up little by little.
Suddenly, he focused on the smell of her hot little pussy. Something was different than the other times he had smelled her. It was somehow more musky or tangy... more fertile. Whatever it was, he was so chemically keyed to her that the smell of her literally began to drive him crazy. His excitement intensified, and he felt his cock impossibly swell even bigger inside of her.
Bonnie gasped as she felt his girth expand, stretching her poor little cunny even further. But it was good... so fucking good! She couldn't get enough. She craved even more of his massive cock. She wanted to take him balls-deep.
Herman was mindlessly pumping now, lost in ecstasy, stroking in a little deeper with each pistoning thrust. He fucked inward until his cockhead met resistance, and then he would push just a little further, opening her up centimeters at a time.
Bonnie was now pushing back with each in-thrust, anxious to take him all the way into her body, to complete her violation.
He was now thrusting six inches fluidly in and out of her slick tunnel. He looked down and admired the little dimples above her perfect ass cheeks. Her back was arched wantonly, thrusting her ass up and offering her cunt for deep penetration. Her pussy lips were wrapped tightly around his pole, pulling outward slightly with each withdrawal. Cunt froth was gathering in a ring around pistoning cock, marking the depth of his latest squishy stab.
He could feel himself losing control. His balls were starting to tighten up, and he could feel a massive orgasm approaching. But he still had two inches to go!
He grabbed her by the hips and moved his mouth to her ear, whispering fiercely, "I need to put it all in... now!"
"Fuck yes," she moaned, "Give it all to me you fucking pervert!"
Rapidly losing control, he started to force-feed his cock deeper into her body, relentlessly pushing aside other organs to make room for his coke-can nine-incher.
Bonnie was no longer able to stifle her moans and squeals, and she let out a little scream of pleasure/pain each time he pushed deeper into her resisting little fuck hole. After a few more in-fucks, she could feel his heavy balls slap against her thighs.
Herman paused there, completely sheathed in this amazing young girl. Her twat was twitching around his girth, and her nipples were drilling into his palms.
He held her tight, his face buried in her neck, breathing in her scent. His cock was lodged deep in her tummy, and his hands were firmly gripping her swollen tits.
She was his. In that moment he claimed her. He had invaded her innermost body. And he was going to plant a flag there. She was, now and forever, his woman.
Bonnie felt it too. Beyond the dizzying ecstasy of being completely filled, she also felt completely possessed. She was his, body and soul, and this did not alarm her at all. Rather it brought her great peace. He would care for her, protect her, make sure no one ever hurt her again.
"Oh God," she whispered, "I... I love you!"
This was exactly what Herman had been thinking and he replied with deep amazement, "I love you too."
And that was when the fucking began in earnest.
She arched her neck and turned her head and they began madly tongue-kissing. Sucking and licking each other's tongues and lips with passionate abandon, they just couldn't get enough of each other. They just couldn't get close enough.
At the same time, he resumed levering his massive cock in and out of her sopping, fertile little pussy. He would pull back until the bulging head of his cock was threatening to unbutton, stretching her little pussy lips. Then he would slickly thrust all nine inches deep into her eager snatch, both of them grunting with the sheer animal pleasure of it.
They continued grunting and yelling and gasping into each other's mouths, as they fucked and made out like mad. They were joined in every way possible, filling each other's world with raw, out of control passion. Taste, smell, touch, sight, and sound; all their senses were on hyper alert, every nerve ending tingling.
Now they were just fucking like animals. No technique. No tender caresses. Just slick, brutal pistoning. Her pussy squishing loudly with each thrust. His balls slapping meatily against her thighs. Sweat flowing freely. His hands mauling her tits fiercely as they kissed like horny teenagers.
Finally Herman could take no more. He had been holding back for too long. He could feel his balls clench, desperate to release a torrent of sperm into this girl's womb. There was no stopping now.
With a final in-thrust he buried himself fully inside her body and released. His balls spasmed painfully and his shaft swelled even further as the semen coursed through it and into her clenching cunthole.
Bonnie too was near the edge when she felt his final thrust. Suddenly she felt his cock swell and twitch inside her. She lost all control and fell into her own staggering orgasm as she felt him hosing-off deep inside her belly.
She could actually feel each hot spurt against her tender cervix just before she lost all conscious thought. Her body just exploded with pleasurable release. She lost all sense of self as she completely joined with this man.
She let out a high-pitched scream and her cunt began to clench around his fully-buried cockmeat, milking more and more sperm out of his heavy balls.
They were reduced to slobbering, grunting, thrusting, clenching beasts. He injected so much semen into her little body that there was no more room in her tummy. Sperm and cunt-froth began to squirt out around his still-hard shaft.
Both were gasping and moaning as their epic orgasms began to recede.
"Oh my God," he panted in her ear, "You are amazing!"
She could only hum her agreement, still thrilling at every twitch of his cock in her snatch, each spasm releasing just a bit more sperm into her fertile cunny.
After several more minutes of just riding the high of their amazing orgasms, reality began to reassert itself. Eventually, a customer would walk in. They had already taken a tremendous chance. Slowly, and with great reluctance, Herman began to withdraw from her wonderful pussy. Each inch of retreat brought intense pleasure and fresh spasms as a few last drops of sperm swam up her slick canal.
They both whimpered "No!" as he finally unbuttoned the head and fully pulled out. It was over but would never be forgotten. Once again she took him by the hand and led him to the bathroom. Once again they cleaned up, this time helping each other tenderly.
Soon they were cleaned up and heading toward the front door. Once there, he paused and turned to her. She reached up and cupped his face with her hand and said softly, "I meant what I said, you know."
He smiled and nodded. "Me too." And he somehow felt the need to say it again. "I love you too. Forever."
They both smiled and leaned together to share a tender kiss.
"I have just one question," she said with a mischievous smile.
"Yes, my angel?"
"What's your name?"
*******
Epilogue:
Esmerelda let herself into the bathroom as they stood by the front door. She too had some cleaning up to do.
The fifty year-old Nicaraguan woman had never seen such a depraved act in her life. And the cock on that gringo! Dios mios! She'd had no choice but to reach down and play with her own cunt as she watched the raunchy fuckfest.
As she finished cleaning up, a thought formed in her mind. Normally a fat older woman like herself would never have a chance with such a handsome young gringo. But blackmail could be a powerful thing. This she had learned back in Managua. A photo was all it would take. A video would be better.
She felt a tingle deep in her cunt as she thought, "Voy a tener ese pene del caballo."
I will have that horse cock...