My wife, Laura, had always been the girl of my dreams. She had deep red hair, brown eyes, perky B-cup breasts, and a devious mind. She shaved from the neck down, she was endlessly inventive in bed, and she was fond of all kinds of mind games. We were both in our early twenties, and we had plenty of energy to back up our fantasies.
One day, she came home with an evil grin on her face.
"Hey, honey," she said. "I got you the best anniversary present ever."
"Really?"
"Yup!" She pulled two tickets out of her purse and handed them to me.
I read the title on the tickets aloud. "'Wicked Horns Live Bukkake?' A bukkake show?"
"Yup! They take a girl up into the center of this auditorium, auction off her clothes, and every guy in the auditorium gets to come up and jizz on her if they want." She winked at me. "Sound like fun?"
I blushed deep red. "Are you sure you're okay with this?"
"Yup. I've even gotten tickets for Jake, Gabe, and Lawrence." My groomsmen at our wedding, and my best friends. All single, unfortunately.
"Yeah, I bet they'll love it."
"They've already assured me that they will."
"So, let's see... My ticket's got a mars symbol with horns on it, and yours has a red Venus symbol with a heart. What do those mean?"
"Well," she said with a giggle, "the horns mean you'll be allowed to... 'participate.' And the heart means I have a wonderful hubby coming with me."
The next week passed slowly, especially since Laura insisted on holding off on sex so I would be as riled up as possible for the show, but finally, the night came. Laura dressed up in a tight black T-shirt, a black lacy bra, black lace panties, and a black miniskirt.
"You look amazing," I said.
"You're not bad yourself," she winked. "Are you sure you're ready for this?"
I nodded. "I'm sure."
She giggled. "Good."
I drove her to the address listed on the tickets. We got out of the car and headed for a large, round brick building.
"It's a big place," I said. "They could probably fit hundreds of people in here."
"They do," she nodded. "I hear the girl is basically coated by the end."
I gave a hungry little moan at that.
Laura giggled again. "You're going to love this."
The attendant took our tickets, and his eyes went wide as he looked between me and my wife. "Oh! You're on the VIP deck tonight! Section A, seats A1 and A2."
"Oh?" I asked.
"Yeah!" the attendant said. "It means you're-"
"-Front and center to the action," my wife interrupted. "Come on, we want to get in nice and early."
I followed her in. The auditorium was, in fact, huge, with hundreds of seats full of eager men, and more than a few women intent on spectating. The seats were vinyl, and came with lube and tissues. Made sense, considering what happened here. True to Laura's words, our seats were in the front row, only a few feet from the circular platform where, presumably, the show would happen. No one was there yet, though.
"Hey, Laura!" a voice called out. It was Jake. He and the guys were in the VIP section with us, apparently.
"Hey, guys," Laura smiled. "Ready for tonight's festivities?"
"Oh, hell, yeah," Jake said with feeling, looking at my wife with gratitude. "Thanks so much for inviting us along." The others nodded their agreement. Their pants bulged, and they looked hungry. I'd never had reason to speculate on the size of my friends before, but they seemed pretty substantial.
"Of course," she said with a grin. "Having you along will make this twice as fun."
The guys laughed.
We sat down and waited for the show to begin. After a few minutes, a musical sting came up and a buxom, black-haired announcer walked onto the stage.
"Welcome, everyone," she said, "to Wicked Horns Live Bukkake. Whether you're a first-timer or a returning customer, I know you'll love what we have in store for you tonight. Tonight's entertainment is a married woman looking to add a little adventure to her life!"
"That's kinda kinky," I said quietly to Laura. I chuckled a bit. "I wonder what her husband thinks of this."
Laura giggled.
The announcer continued. "In fact, her husband is here with her, and he's in for a very special surprise."
Wait.
What?
It clicked just before the announcer said, "Laura, please come up to the stage!"
Laura stood up. I hissed, "Laura, what are you doing?"
"Oh," she giggled. "You didn't really think those horns meant you were going to participate, did you? It just means your admission is free because I'm going to make you watch me get jizzed on by everyone here. Besides," she grabbed my cock through my pants, "are you really going to stop me?"
I blushed, and looked down. I never could say no to her, and if I tried, she would probably just tell everyone I had fantasies like this anyway.
"... no."
"Good boy. Besides, I wouldn't have done this if I didn't know you were going to love it."
I had to admit to myself that I was excited, in a weird way. I'd always gotten off on humiliation, but this was a whole new level. My entire body felt hot and flushed as I watched my beautiful wife stride, smiling, onto the stage.
"You certainly look excited to be here," the announcer said.
"I am," Laura said, giggling. "I heard about this place from my hubby's friends and, well," she blushed, "I decided it was too hot to pass up. Plus, I've always loved messing with my hubby's head." She smiled at me.
"Well, then, let's get straight to it! First, we need to get this slut's shirt off. Bidding starts at one hundred dollars, and remember, the winner gets to keep the shirt, and he gets to take it off her however he wants." She gave a naughty wnk at this.
I didn't exactly like the sound of that, especially since I didn't even have a bidding paddle. The bidding went pretty quickly, especially at first, and my wife's shirt was sold for $575 to a sort of frat-boy-looking jock with short blond hair and bulging muscles. Apparently, he had already been busy pumping himself up for tonight's "activities," as his erect cock was hanging out of his jeans, a long, glistening strand of precum dangling from it. Laura watched it, transfixed, as he headed up to the stage.
"Now, now," said the announcer. "We can't risk the rest of the merchandise getting sticky. Hold on." She approached him, colected the string of precum in her hand, gave his cock one long squeeze from the base to the tip, and wiped her hand on Laura's face. Laura, for her part, gave a little moan and blushed.
"Ooh, this one's a natural," the announcer said with undisguised glee. "Okay, big boy, go on ahead."
The man pressed his naked cock against Laura's ass. I wanted to protest, but Laura shot me a warning look. Then, he put his hands on her hips and slowly raised them along with her shirt, stopping to give her breasts a few hard squeezes aong the way. She moaned and leaned against him as if for support, then finally raised her hands above her head, letting him remove her shirt and expose her bra.
"Very well done. Very well done indeed," the announcer purred. "Enjoy your prize... and the memories. I'm sure lil' hubby here will!"
I was suddenly self-conscious again, and squeaked despite myself.
"Next up, the skirt!"
I was distracted from the auctioning of this next bit of my wife's modesty by my friends' discussion.
"Shit, that's hot," Jake said.
"I know, right?" Gabe said.
"I know exactly what I wanna do to her."
"Really? You got a plan?"
"Yeah. I'm gonna bid on her panties." Jake was a partner at a law firm, so he always had money to burn.
I had to speak up at this. "Dude, what the hell? That's Laura up there-"
"Yeah, and you're about to let everyone in here jizz all over her. Including us."
I gaped.
"What, you thought we weren't gonna participate?" He pulled out his massive dick and started stroking it. "I must have jacked it a hundred times thinking about those perfect breasts, those soft lips. And now, I get to see them, and every other part of your wife, up close and personal, and I get to bust on her wherever I please? You bet your ass I'm gonna take that opportunity. And I'm gonna enjoy helping her strip down for it, too."
A huge cheer went up from the crowd. I looked back and saw that some guy had just pulled off my wife's bra. From the red marks on her breasts, he'd been squeezing them moments ago. Jake started stroking himself, working up a glistening trail of precum.
The bidding on my wife's panties started. Around the five-thousand-dollar mark, I guess the rest of the bidders realized that Jake was serious, and stopped bidding against him.
"Sold!" shouted the announcer with glee. "To the poor hubby's enormous friend! Come up here and show this poor, deprived girl how it's done. After all," she winked, "she might need your services later!"
Jake sauntered up to the stage, dick bouncing. Laura's eyes followed it with awe and a little fear. He grasped it, and pushed it down the front of her panties. She moaned loudly. The crowd cheered.
Jake pushed downward. I couldn't tell exactly what he was doing for a second, but then it became clear. He was levering her panties off with his cock. His head was at her entrance, his precum leaking into her, dripping down her legs. Then he shifted as the angle grew steeper, and he popped inside her for a moment. She gasped and moaned deeply.
Then, after a long moment, he pulled her panties off her ass with his hands, stopping to cop a feel, and finally pulled out of her with an audible pop. For a moment, a string of precum connected them, and then it fell onto her leg. He pulled her panties the rest of the way down, and strode back off the stage.
He sat down next to me, and grinned at me. "Whatever happens from here on in, just remember: I've been inside your wife. I stuck my cock inside her, in front of you and everybody, and you just watched it happen. I may not have fucked her properly, but you let your buddy dick your wife. And she liked it. From the look of your pants, you did, too."
I looked down. I was at full mast, and precum had soaked through my pants and was beading slightly on the outside.
"You may as well admit it, dude. You liked watching that. There's no shame here- well, actually, no, that's not remotely true, you're officially a cuckold, and you let it happen- but you may as well enjoy the ride."
I unzipped, and pulled my cock out. I tried to ignore the stifled giggles of my friends as they noted its size.
The announcer was not so generous. "So now, we see why our guest was so interested in being your entertainment for the evening: She's just desperate to see some dicks over two inches! Don't get too excited, hubby, or you'll stop enjoying this so much! Well, let's not keep either one of these little perverts waiting! Queue up!"
And so, the "festivities" proper began. My wife knelt on a pad, and the first guy walked up to her, stroking himself.
She looked up at him.
Smiling.
Expectant.
He didn't disappoint. Moments after he took his position, he exploded. Long, ropy strands of cum shot out of his cock, splattering my wife's face. Some of it dripped down her chin, landing on her chest.
She turned her head to look at me. "I love you, honey."
"I... I love you, too."
"Even though I just took someone else's load on my face?" she grinned wickedly.
"Yes," I breathed.
"I know." She smiled, and turned back to her next "guest," who promptly came on her breasts.
After a few men had come (so to speak) and gone, she began touching herself. A few men later, as she began to look well and truly splattered, she had her first orgasm. As she moaned and screamed, a guy shot his load in her mouth.
She looked straight at me, with a sly little girn of triumph, and swallowed.
"Oh, shit," Jake said, and got up to get in line. Gabe and Lawrence followed.
More and more men came on my wife, and their mingled cum started to drip down her torso toward her vagina. And she was touching herself. If it reached her hand...
If it reached her hand, she wouldn't stop, would she? She would just keep fingering herself, working the combined jizz of dozens of men into her most private place. It would be almost as bad as if every man in the building had simply mounted and fucked her, cumming inside my wife.
As if in response to my concern, she stopped touching herself. I was momentarily relieved, until she started stroking the guy in front of her instead. He came all over her hand, strands of cum webbed between her fingers. Once again, she looked at me, as she took those cum-laced fingers and stuck them back inside her. Soon enough, not only did drops of cum begin running down to her mound, but some of the men started deliberately targeting it, their cocks hovering only inches from my wife's vagina, and when they did, she would cup her hand to catch any that missed, then push it up inside herself.
By the time my friends reached her, she was covered from face to upper thighs. At least it couldn't get any worse, I thought.
Or at least, that's what I thought until she opened her mouth, took Jake's cock into it, and started sucking.
Jake gave a deep moan, thrusting slightly against Laura's motions, and soon, his body tensed, his cock twitched, and he exploded in my wife's mouth. I obviously couldn't tell exactly how much he came, but even as she swallowed, some of it spurted out of her mouth and dribbled down her cum-soaked chin. From the sound her muffled screams, she was having another orgasm.
Gabe got the same treatment, but Lawrence decided to be a little rougher. He grabbed her hair and mouth-fucked her until they both came.
My friends sauntered back and sat down, looking deeply relieved.
"Fuck, I needed that."
"That was amazing."
"Dude, your wife has the mouth of an angel." Jake looked back over at her. "So to speak."
I laughed weakly.
"Dude, it's not that bad," Jake said. "I mean, you're obviously getting off on this, and now your wife has three reliable... playmates."
"VERY reliable," Lawrence laughed.
"Yeah. I can't wait to feel her pussy again," Jake said wistfully. "Next time, I'm gonna fuckin' claim it."
"You know that's my wife you're talking about, right?"
"I mean, sure, she might be your wife, but she's not exactly YOUR wife anymore, you know what I mean?" Jake chuckled. "Don't worry, I'm sure she still loves you. And she'll still let you watch. Most of the time. After all, there is such a thing as seven minutes in heaven- or seven hours."
I gave a little "eep" at that.
"Oh, look, looks like she's done with her last new friend."
And in fact she was. The last man- well, the last real man, I suppose- in the auditorium had finished on my wife, and she stood up, cum dripping down her legs, and walked over to me.
"So, hubby, did you like your present?"
I looked down, to embarrassed to admit it.
"Oh, that's okay. You don't have to say anything. The fact that you stayed to the end is more than enough." She kissed me, full on the lips. Her mouth tasted of semen, and Ihad to wipe some off my face when she pulled away. She laughed. "I'll be right back. I need to rinse off a little before we go."
When she returned, she still smelled of cum. My guess was that the showers didn't provide soap to create exactly that effect.
"Okay, let's go home."
"But, uh..."
"But what?"
"You're still naked."
"Yup. They don't provide clothes for the 'entertainment.' It makes a fun little game of trying to get home without anyone seeing you. Better take the back roads, unless you want to try to explain this little spectacle." She laughed again.
I had little choice, so we headed out. Laura soaked in the whistles and catcalls in the parking lot.