This is a continuation of our real life experiences as we explore our sexuality. It has been awhile since I have updated our sexual journey, so I thought I'd add a chapter about our latest experience. I hope you enjoy reading about our recent cruising adventure. We always enjoy reading your comments.
*
We decided it was time for a vacation, and were looking for an escape to a warmer climate. A cruise seemed like the perfect choice. A warmer climate seemed like a great idea to me because Kristen would get to wear some of her sexier, more revealing clothing. We picked our cruise line, shore excursions, and a deluxe cabin type. We were all set and headed to Florida.
On our day of embarkation, we boarded the ship and found our cabin. We had an over-sized cabin with a large sitting area, and a king size bed. Kristen was excited because our luggage had already been delivered. She decided to change out of her traveling attire. She put on a white, embroidered blouse that was quite sheer, and a pair of capris. As usual, she wore no bra, and her perfect, perky 36B breasts were an eye catcher.
We made our way to the pool bar for our first shipboard drink. As we stood at the rail awaiting our departure from the pier, we struck up a conversation with another couple about our age. It only took a few minutes before I noticed both Beth and Matt checking out Kristen's breasts. I could certainly see why. The strong breeze on the upper deck had caused Kristen's nipples to become extremely erect. Kristen's nipples are nice and thick and stick out about a half inch when they are stimulated. In addition, the sheerness of her blouse allowed us to see the outline of her nipples through the fabric.
I have to say I was checking out Beth's breasts too. She wore a sundress with a strapless bra that showed quit a lot of cleavage. Her bra seemed to gape away from her body, giving an ample view of her breasts, which I certainly enjoyed. As we headed to sea, we sat and enjoyed a few more drinks and each other's company. We found that we were quite compatible, and agreed to meet for dinner.
At dinner, both women looked fantastic. Kristen wore her favorite white sundress. Again, she wore no bra, and left a couple of extra buttons undone. I could not see her nipples through the fabric (though I tried), because she is so fair skinned. Her nipples are very light pink, about an inch and a half across, with a reddish-pink center. She also left several buttons at the bottom undone so that her dress opened to mid thigh. Beth wore a short black skirt with a slit up one thigh with a white silk blouse. I could tell Beth no longer had a bra on, since her nipples were poking through the lightweight fabric. Kristen sat across from me, and Beth sat across from Matt. Throughout dinner, I kept catching Matt trying to peek down Kristen's dress. I was totally okay with that since I was trying to look into the side of Beth's blouse. Depending on how she sat, her blouse gaped open a bit giving me a view of her breast.
As we finished dinner, we decided to head to the piano bar for some entertainment. As we walked there, I whispered in Kristen's ear that Matt was trying to look down her dress. She told me that she thought he might be trying, but she was not sure.
Kristen had done a little "accidental" flashing in the past (which was a turn on for both of us), but only with single guys, so I didn't think she'd flash Matt with his wife there. She smiled and told me that she had seen me trying to look down Beth's blouse. Kristen wanted to know if I had seen anything. I told her that I'd only seen a little of Beth's tit. With a laugh she replied, that the night was still young.
We sat in a small booth. The girls sat next to each other on a couch, while Matt sat in the chair on the left of Kristen, and I took the remaining seat on Beth's right. We ordered our drinks and enjoyed the music. Matt continued casually trying to look down Kristen's dress, as I continued trying to peek in Beth's blouse. I didn't know if he was getting a better view than I was.
I looked at Kristen as she started playing with her necklace. As she removed her hand, she sort of hooked the tips of her fingers beneath the fabric of her dress causing it to move away from her chest. This caused the dress to fall open even more. Matt noticed her motion, because his eyes were immediately glued to Kristen's chest. I only wished that I could see what he was looking at. It didn't take me long to find out because Kristen then leaned across the coffee table to grab her drink. As she did this, her dress fell away from her chest exposing both of her tits and very erect nipples to us. I had a huge erection viewing her breasts and knowing that Matt could see them too.
I think that Beth must have had an idea that both Matt and I were trying to see Kristen's tits because, she leaned forward causing her blouse to open enough for me to see her right breast.
Her breast was smaller than Kristen's was, with a ski slope shape. It was topped off with a nipple that was a darker pink. It also appeared to be as long, but not as thick as Kristen's. Talk about luck! During the course of our time in the bar, I got to see Beth's nipples a couple of times, and I know Matt was enjoying the Kristen's tits as well. It has always been a huge turn on for me to look into a woman's top and see her breasts "accidentally". It was equally exciting to know that another guy was getting to see Kristen's tits.
On our way back to the cabin, Kristen said she knew Matt was watching her, and she was pretty sure she had given him something good to see. She also told me she couldn't believe how excited it made her feel knowing he could see her tits. I told her that I had seen Beth's tits, and described them in detail for her. We both agreed that we had not expected to have any flashing experiences on the cruise, but were happy that we were having some titillating experiences.
During our cruise, we saw quite a bit of Beth and Matt, and ate dinner with them frequently. The girls continued to entertain us with peeks of their tits, but we never discussed their flashing. Toward the end of the week, we told Beth and Matt that we had signed up for a catamaran snorkel cruise the following day. They said it sounded like fun, and that they were going to try to sign up for it as well.
We got up early the next morning, and made our way off the ship. When we got to the meeting place for our excursion, we saw that Matt and Beth were already there. We were happy to have their company on our outing.
We spent the day sailing, and snorkeling in sparkling, clear waters of the Caribbean. We were provided with a delicious lunch onboard the catamaran, and of course, an open bar for the entire trip. As we sat on the deck sipping our drinks, Matt and I certainly enjoyed ogling both of our wives. Beth's bikini top was a bit loose so I got to enjoy several nipple slips. The more she drank, the more frequently they slipped out. At first, I could only see the edge of her nipple, but by the time she had her fourth drink her straps had slid down and her entire erect nipple had popped out. Matt and Kristen didn't seem to notice, and I certainly wasn't going to tell her. We all were feeling no pain.
As we made our way on board our ship, Matt asked if they could see our cabin. They had a smaller inside cabin and wanted to see what the larger cabins were like. We made our way to our room, and showed them the layout of the cabin. We moved out onto the veranda and everyone sat enjoying the view of the ocean while I got another round of drinks. After a few sips we all decided it was to hot to continue sitting outside. As we moved inside Kristen said she wanted to get out of her damp suit and went into the bathroom. Beth removed her beach cover up, and sat down on the sofa. Matt sat in the armchair, and I joined Beth on the couch.
Kristen came out of the bathroom wearing her short silk robe. She grabbed her drink and sat on the edge of the bed facing us, since it was the only place left to sit. We chatted about the day's events, and Kristen eventually leaned over so that she was lying across the foot of the bed, with her head supported on one elbow. As we chatted Kristen's robe fell away from her chest so that one breast was completely exposed to us.
I didn't say anything, because I thought Kristen would quickly cover up. She didn't seem to notice that she was exposed, and Matt and Beth made no mention of it. I really wasn't sure if it was intentional or not, but I was positive that Matt was enjoying the scenery. As she stretched out her robe was barely covering her pussy, and I was wondering if she had panties on.
Matt stood up and adjusted his bathing suit. I figured he had a hard on since my own cock was forming a tent in my suit. Kristen didn't seem to notice Matt's adjusting, or say anything when he sat on the edge of the bed behind her. I was a bit surprised when he leaned over and stretched out behind Kristen. At the same time, Beth was leaning forward next to me with her elbows on her knees. Her bikini top straps slid partially down her arms, so that her top moved away from her breasts. This allowed me to see both of Beth's tits, nipples and all. I didn't know where to look! Kristen's breast was still visible, and now both of Beth's tits were.
As I looked back at Kristen, she pulled her knees up causing her robe to shift. I could now see that she had no panties on. I could see the smooth, hairless skin between the slit of her pussy and the joint of her leg. I knew Beth was staring at it too. Beth shifted on the couch so that her right leg was pressing against mine. I looked over at her breasts again, and was caught in the act. She just smiled at me, hunched her shoulders a little further forward and squeezed her tits together giving me an even better view. She then rested her hand on my thigh. We both looked back as Kristen pulled her knees up even further allowing Beth and I, a view of her totally clean-shaven pussy. Beth squeezed my leg and started lightly rubbing my inner thigh with her fingertips. I knew that if she moved her hand up any further she feel my extremely erect penis.
As she did this, Matt rolled over behind Kristen and said, "I think I want to cuddle." We all laughed as he snuggled up behind her in a spooning position. Little did he know the view he was missing. At this point, the alcohol was certainly having an effect on all of us. Matt moved his arm so that it rested on her hip and side, and Beth's hand was now leaning lightly against my hard-on. I knew she had to feel it, but she didn't move away. This only caused it to get even harder and start pulsating against her.
At his point Matt's hand slowly slid downward toward Kristen's breast. I watched as his fingers lightly touched the bottom of her tit. When he did this I didn't know if she'd jump up, or what. Instead, she grabbed her wine glass and took another large gulp as Matt's hand enveloped the soft tissues of her breast, and leaned back into him. Matt began fondling her tit and rolling her already erect nipple between his fingers.
As I watched them, Beth moved her hand and started lightly squeezing my cock. I couldn't believe this was all actually happening. Not to be out done, I placed my arm over Beth's shoulder and slid my hand into her gaping bikini top.
Her nipple wasn't as thick as Kristen's was but it was quite long, and I tugged on it stretching to its limit. As I did this, I noticed Matt smiling at me. I smiled back, we both continue playing with each other's wife's breasts, and Beth continued playing with my cock.
I kept alternately looking at Beth's tits and Kristen's. I watched as Matt slid his hand from Kristen's breast down her side and casually pushed her robe off her hip so that it slipped behind her. There was nothing at all hiding Kristen's pussy from our view. I was expecting Matt to slide his hand toward the smooth slit of her pink pussy, but to my surprise, he moved his hand back to her breast and resumed teasing her nipple. Matt then seemed to move even closer to Kristen, and begin grinding against her. I knew she must be able too feel his hard on pressing against her.
Beth had now slipped her thumb into the top of my suit and was rubbing the tip of my dick. I could feel her gently spreading the tip open and rubbing precum around the head of my engorged cock while she continued to rub my throbbing shaft through my suit. At this point, I reached over and unhooked her top letting it fall to the deck. I then began massaging both of her breasts.
I glanced back at the bed and couldn't believe it when I saw the head of Matt's cock appear between Kristen's thighs just below her pussy. He had obviously worked his cock out of his suit, and was now sliding it between Kristen's legs. Her eyes were closed, but she obviously was enjoying the sensation of having another man's cock touching her. Beth and I watched as Matt withdrew his cock and pushed it back between her legs. Matt slid his hand down to Kristen's hip to pull her closer to him. She wiggled her butt a bit pressing against him, and at the same time grabbed her own breast and started tugging on her nipple.
As we watched the action before us, Beth reached into my suit and pulled out my cock. Kristen opened her eyes and watched as she began slowly stroking my throbbing dick. As I wiggled out of my suit, Beth cupped my balls with one hand, and continued stroking me with the other. I moved my hand from Beth's breast down to her thigh. I then slid my hand downward, and began rubbing her pussy through her suit. She separated her legs so that I could have easier access. I slipped a finger beneath her suit, and slid it up and down the length of her slit. I could feel the smooth folds of her pussy. It was shaved smooth, except for a small tuft of hair right above her slit.
She spread her legs even wider giving me access to her inner lips. I stroked them lightly, and gently separated them with the tip of my finger. When I applied a bit of pressure with my finger, it slipped easily into Beth's well-lubricated pussy.
I looked up to see that Matt was still sliding his cock between Kristen's thighs. With each stroke, it seemed that he moved closer to her pussy. Beth and I watched as he continued working his really erect cock closer and closer to Kristen's puffy lips. We could see that the shiny precum glistening on the tip of his cock. Beth was working my dick even harder as Matt's dick finally touched Kristen's outer lips, and Kristen let out a low moan.
After a few more stokes, Kristen raised her left knee so that her foot was now flat on the bed. This totally opened her pussy to our view. It also allowed Matt to easily rub his cock against her. With each thrust, the head of his cock pushed further between her lips. As he pulled back, it was apparent that Kristen's inner lips were now parted. We could easily see that her delicate, pink, rose petal like lips were quite wet. Her clit was also clearly visible peeking out from under its hood.
Beth leaned against me as I continued fingering her and rubbing her clit with my thumb. I slipped a second finger into her slippery pussy as she continued to grind against my hand. She surprised me when she pulled away from me and knelt in front of the bed. She was only inches away from Kristen as she closely watched her hubby continue rubbing his cock against her pussy. Beth then moved her hand onto the bed. When Matt's cock appeared again, she touched the head of his cock with her fingertips. As I watched intently, she continued grabbing the head of his cock each time he pressed forward. It appeared to me that her fingertips were lightly brushing Kristen's outer pussy lips. Ever so slowly, Beth began to press Matt's cock more firmly against Kristen. As she did that, Kristen began to moan. I sat there watching with a throbbing dick, as Beth lowered her head and began flicking the tip of Matt's cock with her tongue. It was only a matter of seconds before her tongue lightly grazed Kristen's pussy. As Beth's tongue touched her, Kristen reacted as if she had received an electric shock, and she moaned even louder and pushed her pussy forward. Beth's tongue then began to alternately circle the head of Matt's dick and flick Kristen's clit. Beth slowly worked her tongue downward until she slipped it between Kristen's inner lips. I couldn't believe how exciting it was watching her work her tongue deep into Kristen's pussy.
Beth then moved back to Matt's cock. After a bit of sucking she actually used her mouth to push his cock against Kristen's gaping pussy, while her left hand found her nipple. She then used her lips to begin to push his huge hard on between Kristen's inner pussy lips while stretching Kristen's bright pink nipple to its maximum length. At that point, I moved behind Beth and slid her bathing suit bottom off. I then started rubbing my dick up and down the length of her pussy. After watching the three of them in action, I figured that she might enjoy a bit of the same. I then slowly began to slide the head of my dick into her dripping pussy. As I entered her, I watched Beth, using only her mouth, guide Matt's cock into Kristen. As Matt slid deeper into Kristen, I pushed deeper into Beth.
Beth shifted her focus from Matt's dick to licking Kristen's erect clit. I could clearly see it sticking out beyond its hood as she stimulated it with her quickly flicking tongue. Kristen was now rocking her hips, and pressing her pussy against Beth's waiting mouth. I grabbed both of Beth's breasts and tugged on her nipples making them longer and thicker as I increased the tempo of my thrusts. I was already on the verge of cumming, as I watched Matt thrusting his cock faster and deeper into Kristen's inflamed vulva. Beth continued licking Kristen's lips each time Matt withdrew. Kristen's moaning and gyrating became more intense, and I knew she was about to cum. Beth's groaning increased in tempo as Kristen's did, and they both came suddenly in an intense orgasm.
Matt withdrew his cock and Beth immediately sucked it into her mouth. I was also very close to cumming, so I moved forward and placed the head of my cock against Kristen's lips. She quickly enveloped it deep into her mouth. As she circled the head of my cock with her tongue I came, shooting one of the largest loads I've ever released down her throat. Within seconds, Matt also came and Beth sucked him dry.
At this point everyone was spent, and Matt and Beth got dressed and headed off to their cabin. Kristen and I collapsed on the bed and rehashed what had just happened. Kristen said she was sorry that we didn't get the chance to discuss the possibility of her being fucked, but everything seemed to happen so quickly. I told her I was fine with all that occurred, and was really turned on watching her with Matt and Beth.
That experience occurred on the last day of our cruise, so we didn't get any further opportunities to play with them. We did however, agree to try and plan a cruise together next year. I'm hoping that we have some more experiences to write about before then. Look for chapter nine!