We are back at My university, and I'm taking a photography class this semester. You have driven down to Des Moines from Minneapolis this weekend because it's your turn to come see me.
I see your car turning into my parking lot so I run down the stairs of my apartment building. I haven't seen you in only a week but I've missed you terribly. As you pull your car next to mine I smile to myself because I love how we have the only 2 Wisconsin plates in the lot. A matching pair just like us.
You jump out of your car before turning it off or turning down the music and pick me up in a big hug and kiss me. Every time we see each other after a week or more the kisses seem to be so much better than they ever have before! Grabbing your bag we go upstairs to my apartment. My roommate and best friend is at her boyfriend's house for the weekend so we have the apartment to ourselves.
Not even waiting till we get to my room I shut and lock the apartment door and you grab me and push me against it kissing me hard. I can feel how much you missed me over the week, somehow the phone calls, IM's and web cam conversations never add up to making us miss each other any less.
You press your body against me I can feel your cock growing beneath your jeans and I get really turned on. You pull my sweatshirt over my head, and kiss me again while you take off my tee shirt from underneath. You realize I'm not wearing a bra tonight, since I had been just hanging out studying. Kissing my chest you suck on my nipples. I grab your shirt and pull it over your head. Then I push you back and push you onto the floor, you take me down with you so I'm lying on top of you. I sit up on you, feeling your hardness against my crotch. Reaching down I undo your belt, and unbutton and unzip your jeans. I start to pull them off of you as my phone rings.
It's marni, my best friend; she's at the bar with the rest of my friends waiting for you and I. I tell her you just got here but we'll be there in ten minutes. While I'm on the phone with her your hands are wandering across my chest, you're licking me. I keep trying to tell you to stop while I'm on the phone but it makes you just do it more. You slip your hand up my skirt, which I wore just for you. I hang up with marni and you look at me and say, "quickie?" I respond by finishing pulling your jeans off you and your underwear.
There you are on my apartment floor, just the way I like you, buck naked and rock hard. You are so sexy naked, you might not love your body and I might not love mine but we're both working hard to get back to how we used to look, your muscles are coming back and as I look at your body I know what I want. But that will be later.
You grab me and roll on top of me, taking off my skirt as soon as you're on top. You rub your hard cock against me; I'm still wearing my underwear, though it's pretty soaked since you turn me on so bad. Looking up at the clock you realize that we have like 3 minutes and we need to leave. You kiss down my body to my underwear, and pull it off me. Being the tease you are, you start to lick me but you know you don't have time for that. Coming back up you kiss me on the lips and I taste my own juices. Kissing me hard you slide your cock in me.
I've been waiting all week for this. You pull me up into our position, which makes it go pretty fast you kiss my neck and I run my nails down your back as we grind together. I move in just the right way that makes you unable to control yourself. You whisper in my ear that you're going to cum. I move so you're almost out of me then grind hard against you pushing you deep into me. As I do that you cum hard, having waited all week to get off with me tonight. I hold you as I basically paralyze you when you cum sometimes and then you lay back against the couch that was behind you. I grab your shirt, handing it to you as I slide off of you to go get dressed for the bar. You reach over and grab my skirt and throw it towards me.
"You better be wearing this baby without any underwear," You say to me.
"Of course, just for you, don't forget your going commando also honey," I respond smiling.
Running out the door you grab my ass to make sure I followed your directions. I did, since you had ordered me to. As we got down to your car I reach down your pants to make sure you weren't wearing anything beneath.
We were the last of our group to arrive at the bar. Everyone is there already drinking. So we're a little behind. You go up and order us shots because you like me drunk. I come up behind you while your waiting to pay the bartender and put my hand in your back pocket. Whispering in your ear that I really like you without underwear because it makes me think of what we could do even with all my friends around.
Coming back to the table with our drinks after our shot, we sit down next to each other. Everyone goes out to dance since they are much more intoxicated by now then us. We sit there drinking out drinks; I'm leaning against the wall, my legs over yours. Your hands are on my legs and I look at you and see you thinking about how you can get your hand under my skirt with out it being obvious. You ask tell me we need to go dance because you can't keep your hands off me. So we go join my friends. You grab me and hold me tight. I can feel you getting hard, as we are so close. Your hands move from around my waist to my ass. You love my ass you can't ever get enough of it.
You sneakily slide one hand a little lower and stick a finger in me. I look up at you and kiss you. I hate you for it but I'm still so horny it doesn't matter. I want to go somewhere so we can have sex again but looking around I can't find anywhere. Everyone heads back to the table for a few more rounds of drinks.
An hour or two later.
"Joe, I'm ready to go home," I say. You respond, "me too."
I'm a rather cheap drunk, it doesn't take much, and we've been drinking for a while. We decide to walk home because we don't think we should drive in our state. So we walk the half-mile back to my apartment. On the way we stop at the park that is a block away. Being the kid I am I wanted to go down the slide. So I ran up and went down the slide, when I got to the bottom I saw you on the swings.
I went up to you kissed you and told you that I couldn't hold it any more. And I unzipped your jeans. I looked down and said that I knew you were ready! Climbing on the swing spider style I slid you into me. I tell you that we need to try another night I'm too drunk for it tonight. So we leave the park and go to the apartment.
Its 2am by the time we get back. And after your long drive and hours of drinking we both pass out in my bed naked. Too tired to mess around anymore tonight.
The next morning we wake up late, around 11. I wake up first and make us waffles. As you get out of the shower they are ready. After our late breakfast we head to campus. I want to shoot some pictures of you before we head to the photography lab.
We take pictures for an hour then head to the lab for you to do your homework and me to work on my developing and finish my project. You sit down at the table, and start talking to some of my classmates who are working on their other projects. I'm the only one working on a photography project here today.
I head into the dark room, working for quite a while I loose all track of time. You come in behind me reaching around to hug me and kiss me on the neck. I show you what I'm working on and you tell me it's great but that's not why you came in.
I ask why, but as soon as I ask I realize I know. I've always wanted to mess around in here. It's perfect. Dark, empty, pretty much my own space. I turn around as you push me against the table. I reach down and rub your cock through your jeans. I can tell you were thinking about doing things to me in here before you even walked in.
Lifting me up on the table you slid my jeans off me and unzipped yours. I kiss you hard on the lips. "Baby I've always wanted to do this here" I tell you. You reach your hands up my shirt has you slide in and out of me.
I can't believe we're doing this but it's the hottest thing ever. I reach down and rub my clit. I want to get off with you. I take my other hand and play with your balls. I can feel you getting close. I rub my clit a little more and I know we're both going to cum. I reach and pull you close as you cum in me seconds later I go.
We stay like this for a few seconds then I slid off the table and pull up my jeans, since we hear someone coming in.
We decide that we are done working for the day, wandering around campus for a bit we go over to my friends apartment for a snack and then head back to my apartment to make dinner and have the rest of the night for just us.