Even just her name said 'not for me'.
Who calls their daughter Agnes these days? It is way too old fashioned to make any girl grow up with it. You can have an Aunt Agnes, in their seventies, who offers tea and cake each time you visit, and who reeks of lavender from the perfume that she wears. But a girl-friend? Or a wife? Named Agnes? Not for me!
Even twenty-five years before I met her, the name, Agnes, would have been wrong. Madonna was around. It may be a quarter of a century, but actually it is just the amount of time it takes for a girl to grow into a woman, and the twenty-five year old I met should not have been an Agnes. Brooklyn, or Sky, or anything but Agnes. But that was their daughter's name. And it seemed to suit her, which was sad.
It was an awkward dinner, arranged precisely for the purpose of introducing me to Agnes. It was time, my parents said, for me to find a nice girl and settle down. At thirty, I should have begun a family, like my two brothers and my sister. The Deans were a nice family, and their daughter was just the right age.
Of course they were a nice family. They went to the same church. Mr Dean and my father were two of the elders. Mrs Dean and my mother ran the Sunday School, and served the tea and cakes after service, and at the mid-week bible class, where Mr Dean would dissect a verse or two, interminably, to nods and 'amens' from all those present, before my father said a prayer.
Dinner was nice. Nothing amazing. Just nice. No wine was served, of course. Nothing to lubricate the conversation, which was mostly between the two sets of parents, other than the 'how are you getting on in London' questions, which each of us would answer, as briefly as we could.
I held back on most things. There was no need to mention pubs or clubs or raves or house-parties, or casual sex, or online dating, or anything that made life worthwhile. My job was going well, thank-you, and Hyde Park was lovely to walk in, especially now that it was summer, and there were some good concerts in the Royal Albert Hall, which of course meant Beethoven or Tchaikovsky or another of the greats.
Agnes was enjoying her work in the Natural History Museum, and loved visiting Regents park, and the zoo. She had been placed opposite me, so that we could get to know each other, and throughout the meal we certainly exchanged some awkward looks.
She looked like a museum assistant, or a librarian, long blonde hair that had a wave to it, was worn loose and reached the hollow of her back. Large glasses, with amber frames, that did nothing for her sky-blue eyes, and said intelligent, but boring. Attractive enough, but no make up, no eye-liner, no lip-gloss, no nothing.
Even just her name said 'not for me'.
Who calls their daughter Agnes these days? It is way too old fashioned to make any girl grow up with it. You can have an Aunt Agnes, in their seventies, who offers tea and cake each time you visit, and who reeks of lavender from the perfume that she wears. But a girl-friend? Or a wife? Named Agnes? Not for me!
Even twenty-five years before I met her, the name, Agnes, would have been wrong. Madonna was around then. It may be a quarter of a century, but actually it is just the amount of time it takes for a girl to grow into a woman, and the twenty-five year old I met should not have been an Agnes. Brooklyn, or Sky, or anything but Agnes. But that was their daughter's name. And it seemed to suit her, which was sad.
It was an awkward dinner, arranged precisely for the purpose of introducing me to Agnes. It was time, my parents said, for me to find a nice girl and settle down. At thirty, I should have begun a family, like my two brothers and my sister. The Deans were a nice family, and their daughter was just the right age.
Of course they were a nice family. They went to the same church. Mr Dean and my father were two of the elders. Mrs Dean and my mother ran the Sunday School, and served the tea and cakes after service, and at the mid-week bible class, where Mr Dean would dissect a verse or two, interminably, to nods and 'amens' from all those present, before my father said a prayer.
Dinner was nice. Nothing amazing. Just nice. No wine was served, of course. Nothing to lubricate the conversation, which was mostly between the two sets of parents, other than the 'how are you getting on in London' questions, which each of us would answer, as briefly as we could.
I held back on most things. There was no need to mention pubs or clubs or raves or house-parties, or casual sex, or online dating, or anything that made life worthwhile. My job was going well, thank-you, and Hyde Park was lovely to walk in, especially now that it was summer, and there were some good concerts in the Royal Albert Hall, which of course meant Beethoven or Tchaikovsky or another of the greats.
Agnes was enjoying her work in the Natural History Museum, and loved visiting Regents park, and the zoo. She had been placed opposite me, so that we could get to know each other, and throughout the meal we certainly exchanged some awkward looks.
She looked like a museum assistant, or a librarian, long blonde hair that had a wave to it, was worn loose and reached the hollow of her back. Large glasses, with amber frames, that did nothing for her sky-blue eyes, and said intelligent, but boring. Attractive enough, but no make up, no eye-liner, no lip-gloss, no nothing.
A mustard coloured, woollen jumper, that admittedly said she might have reasonable breasts, but nothing else. No jewellery. Long, slender fingers, no polish on her well-shaped nails. She could have looked quite good, but she presented as plain-Jane.
Back at my parents' house that evening, I was quizzed about her. I was non-committal. Saying I would not touch her with a barge pole might have been the truth, but the truth is not always the most diplomatic thing to say. When you visit for your monthly weekend, you just fit in, and, in fairness, I realised later, I might have come across as just as boring at that dinner, as Agnes so obviously was.
Back in London, I could breathe again. Until the envelope arrived. Two tickets. The Royal Albert Hall. Mahler and Brahms. My parents hoped we would enjoy it. They had posted the details to Agnes separately, and given me her mobile number, which Mrs Dean had given to my mother, so that I could call her to arrange when and where to meet.
I made the call, reluctantly. Agnes sounded hesitant. I suggested the foyer, ten minutes before the concert started. There was no point in meeting sooner, or risking a nearby restaurant to eat before the concert. That could even more awkward and boring that the dinner at her parents' house had been. Just do your duty, meet her, sit beside her, walk her to the tube, and say good-bye.
Except I could not do it. I could not keep up the pretence, and just be my parent's son, the way they thought I was. I broke. The first half of the concert, all I could think about was the interval, and getting to the bar, and knowing that Agnes would want a fruit juice, while what I needed was a beer.
We joined the mass of concert-goers, edging closer to the bar itself. I had decided. I was having the beer. I ordered it while Agnes was still hesitating. She looked shocked. Then she decided.
"Could I get a Bacardi and diet Coke," Agnes said.
I looked at her.
"You're sure?"
Agnes looked at me through her amber framed glasses with oh-so-innocent, sky-blue eyes.
"Yes, please," she said. "Can you get me a double, and no ice?"
I placed the order, and I could not help myself from asking.
"I thought you didn't drink?" I said.
"Not at my parents," she said, a slightly impish smile risking being seen.
"Okay," I said. "I get that. I guess I don't drink with mine. But I wouldn't have put you down as a Bacardi girl."
"So what would you put me down as?"
"Fruit juice, I thought," I said. "Or, at most, white wine."
"Well, I thought you'd get some sparkling water. Thank God, you went for beer!"
"So what else don't you do at your parents?"
Agnes at least laughed at that.
"Plenty," she said.
"Tell me," I invited.
"Not yet," she said.
The drinks were set in front of us, and I touched my watch to the device. I gave Agnes the Bacardi and picked up my beer. We touched glasses.
"Cheers," I said. "So can I ask you a question?"
I had decided to stop playing games. To find out who she really was. To risk it.
"Ask," she said.
"Are you a virgin?"
The shock on her face was beautiful to see. Her mouth opened. Still no lip-gloss, but actually she had perfect lips. They pouted beautifully. She stayed like that, open mouthed in shock at what I had just asked.
"No," Agnes finally said, her tone saying that that had been both intrusive, and a stupid thing to ask.
One word, making clear that no one in their right mind would think that a twenty-five year-old in London would still be a virgin.
I pushed it.
"Okay then, what's your number?"
"I thought you have it, don't you? I mean you called me to arrange where we'd meet."
I laughed.
"No, your number," I repeated. "How many have there been?"
Agnes did that beautiful open mouthed thing again.
"Enough," she said.
I pushed it further.
"More or less than ten?"
Agnes shook her head in disbelief that I was actually asking her how many men she had fucked.
"I'm not telling you!" she laughed.
"Five!" I said. "Less than five?"
"No," she laughed. "I mean, I'm not saying. Why would I?"
"Two!" I said. "Who were they? Both at uni? Students? One of the lecturers?"
"Fuck you!" she was still laughing.
That in itself was a result. Agnes had actually said 'fuck'. Not the kind of thing a well brought up young lady would say. Her parents would be ashamed.
"Maybe, later," I said, referring to the word 'fuck', "but only if you tell me your number."
"You're pretty full of yourself, aren't you!" Agnes came back at me. "Is this how you usually get to know someone? Or are you just being a prick because it's me?"
A second result. A well brought up young lady does not use the word 'prick', or not unless they have hurt themselves on a rose.
"I'm just curious, that's all," I said. "I mean, you do come across as pretty conservative. I just wondered if you had actually done the deed, or if you are still following your parents' 'not before you're married' principles."
"You know I'm only dressed like this because I had to meet my parent's friends' nerdy son!"
I laughed. So that was how Agnes saw me.
As for how she was dressed, it was a long-sleeved yellow blouse, and a mustard coloured skirt that reached an inch below the knee, yellow tights, with mustard kitten heels.
"Do you actually on anything that isn't either yellow or mustard?" I asked her.
"My mother bought me these," Agnes said. "She says the colours suit my hair."
"Any colour would suit your hair," I told her. "Natural blonde, cute wave, that long, you'd get away with anything."
Something softened in her face, her eyes relaxing.
"More than two," Agnes said.
Which took me by surprise. Both that she had gone back to answering the question I should never have really asked her, and that in the process, she was telling me that she had sex. But I pushed the game a little further.
"But not more than five?"
"I'm twenty-five," she said, confirming her age, not the other number, "I've been to uni, I've lived in London in a flat share for the past four years. What do you think my number is?"
Agnes brushed her hair away from her face as she looked at me.
More than five, then. How many more remained unanswered. Maybe a lot more. There are guys who like nerdy girls. I had lived in London for nine years after graduating, and I lost track of my number a long while back. Some of them had been nerdy, but in general they were not my type.
I looked her up and down, appraising her. Actually, she had quite a decent figure, for an Agnes. Pleasantly slim, but she did have breasts. They pushed out against her blouse, which was some kind of light satin. I tried to imagine what she would look like naked. She could look good, maybe. Probably wild and unkempt, down there, but I could deal with that.
"Start again?" I asked.
"I need the bathroom, before the Brahms," she said. "I'll find my own way to our seats."
Agnes handed me her glass. Empty, of course. She turned and headed out the side door of the bar to find the ladies' bathroom. I finished off my beer, thinking, while still picturing what she could look like, naked, without all the yellow and the mustard. Just the blonde hair, and her softly pink complexion, the kind complexion English blondes tend to have.
Agnes timed it to the second. She had to excuse her way past three other couples to get back to our seats, where I was already sitting, wondering if she would make it back before the second section of the concert started.
The difference was not obvious, until she sat down. Her skirt should have been reaching her knees, at it had before. It was now mid-way up her thighs. Bare thighs. Soft skin. White, but with that slight rose hue that said that she was flesh and blood and not made of marble.
It was the same mustard coloured skirt, but magically shorter than before. I remembered my school days, when the girls would flout the rules, and roll the waist bands of their skirts as soon as they were out the gates, to bring the hem as high as they would dare, and bare their legs for the walk home. You can still do that, I guessed, even at the age of twenty-five. And her yellow tights were gone as well.
"Can you put this in your pocket?" Agnes whispered at the lights began to dim, handing me something she was clutching in her hand.
I took it. Yellow fabric. It opened just enough to tell me what it was, or rather, they. One item, but always described as plural. Her panties, conservatively cut, full butt, deep sides, frills around the leg holes, elasticated waist. Too bulky for my pocket. Instead of doing as she had asked, I dropped them on the floor.
Agnes flashed me a look.
"Bastard!" she said, but a smile was on her lips.
For whatever reason, that was when I registered that Agnes no longer had her glasses. Maybe I had been too focused on her legs to notice that as she had resumed her seat.
Her eyes were now beautifully open and undisguised, the blue irises deep pools in which any man would drown. Maybe she had decided that she did not need her glasses for the concert. It was music after all. Or maybe she had switched to contacts. In which case, her glasses were just to convey an image, to look intelligent, or even geeky, for her museum role, and for her parents and their friends. Her lips were glossed now, too, a soft pink. She actually looked pretty good. Maybe, even, stunning.
Which made me look a little closer, not just at her face, but at all of her. It was like one of those spot the difference puzzles in the magazines. Two drawings, side by side, identical, except for ten slight changes. See if you can spot them all.
Shorter skirt, no stockings, no panties either, which might or might not count, since you could not actually see them in the before, or see her bare pubis in the after, but you still knew. No glasses. Lip-gloss. That was five so far. Five more to go.
Her sleeves were rolled up, or maybe folded neatly would describe it better, baring her slender forearms. Two sleeves. Did that count as two differences or just one? Three buttons of the blouse were open, her cleavage, or the first two inches of that soft, pink hued flesh at least, now bared, the view enticing.
The front of her blouse, where her breasts had pushed out against the silk, had been nicely rounded. Not any more. There were two points. Did they count as two differences between before and after, since she had two nipple stubs beneath that silk? Or was it just one bra removed, and obviously left in the bathroom, because she had not offered it to me to put in my pocket, and was not carrying it.
Two sleeves rolled up, one cleavage bared, two nipples forming interesting cones of the thin covering of silk. That was five. I had spotted all ten differences. This was a very different Agnes to the timid girl at dinner just a week before.
Brahms started. Her hand went to my thigh. I was in my business suit, not having had a chance to change since work. It was her hand on flannel, but it felt good, and while Agnes rested it, first, just at my knee, she moved it further up, and in between my legs, until her fingers were nudging gently at my privates, which, understandably, began to stir.
Her own thigh felt good, as I placed my palm on it, the flesh silky smooth, soft, and warm. I took my time. She had wasted none, going fairly directly to my groin. I gradually inched my way, enjoying the malleable flesh, the inner surface of her thigh feeling even softer, smoother, warmer, until my fingers reached her cunt.
I could feel her pubic mound. No wild curls there. Baby smooth. As hairless as her inner thigh. No hint of having shaved there. Not just a slit. Protruding lips. Fleshy. And something else as well.
You do not expect a timid, conservative, church-going museum assistant, who wore no jewellery of any kind, to have a ring, right at the apex of her cunt lips, but that what I felt. My cock spasmed while I explored. Just my little finger, which is what it is called, although it is big enough. No question. A clit piercing. Or clit-hood, more likely. It is the quiet ones who can surprise you most.
Just as my finger found the ring, and while my brain was still processing the find, she turned her hand. Her fingers went between my legs, and down, and cupped my balls. Through my suit trousers, obviously, but just as directly intimate as my hand exploring the cunt she had exposed beneath her skirt, by taking off those knickers, which were now lying somewhere on the floor.
Except I was directly touching flesh. Not just flesh. Steel that had been set though her tender flesh, a needle puncturing the soft skin of her clit hood, passing through, then puncturing the skin again, as it emerged, to make the hole through which the ring was set.
I was not just touching the ring. I was playing with it. Strumming it. Following the rhythm of the Brahms concerto being performed, Number 2, for the piano. Harmonic vibrations that she would feel, clitoral cadence, as steel played on that so compactly sensitive primal nub of flesh.
Someone coughed. Gently. On the other side of Agnes. I glanced past her. Agnes was sitting, facing front, focused on the concert, while her hand was at my groin. My own hand had pushed her skirt up, baring even more of her right leg, which, even though the lights were down, was still noticeably revealed, the edge of some kind of dimly discernable band around her thigh.
It was the woman sitting next to Agnes who had made the sound, middle aged, grey hair, permed, a closed hand to her mouth, as if suppressing an unwanted cough, but her eyes were where my hand was, between Agnes' perfect legs.
The woman looked at me. The expression on her face was disapproval, bordering on disgust. I guess no one had ever fingered her cunt while she was at a concert. Two options. Take my hand away, or just continue. How many times can someone cough during a classical concert, anyway? I kept my hand exactly where it was. She tutted audibly, but then gave up, and looked away.
Throughout this little charade, Agnes had been unmoved, her eyes fixed on the pianist, her focus on the exquisite music, and on my groin. Time to reciprocate. I turned my wrist enough to get the angle, and separated her protruding lips. Between them, she was moist, as was her entrance. Slick with her own secretions, and beautiful to slide inside. Just my ring finger, which gently nudged her ring, the one set through her clit hood, and my finger made her squirm.
The second half of the concert went by far too quickly. It was so much more arousing than the first, and that is not a commentary on the music. Just on the long fingers playing at my groin, and on the moist cunt that I was fingering in turn.
"Is there a bar nearby where we can get another drink?" Agnes asked me as we queued with all the other concert goers to leave the concert hall.
There was. It was busy, with other couples who had enjoyed the concert but were not yet ready to head home. It took a moment to get Agnes her Bacardi, another double, Coke, no ice, and a Jack Daniels on the rocks for myself. There were no seats available, so we stood.
"You know, without your glasses, you're seriously stunning," I said.
"They're for my parents," she explained, "and for any geeky guys they set me up with."
"So does that mean, you don't see me as a geeky guy," I asked, "since you took them off?"
"It means you could be okay," she said.
"So, when we've had these," I asked, meaning our drinks, "your place or mine?"
She did not hesitate. No shock. No time required to think. She just came back at me, assured and confident in her reply.
"Maybe," she said. "Are you any good in bed? I have standards."
"I don't get complaints," I said.
Meanwhile I was checking her out a little more, enjoying the view down her cleavage, unconcerned that she might notice. I was also loving the way her breasts pushed out against the silk, and the conical shape formed by her nipple stubs, except they were not quite conical. Something else was going on as well.
"So what's your number?" she asked me.
For a moment I thought she meant the number of women I had fucked. After all, I had used the same expression in the interval to ask how many guys she had fucked, so that would have made sense.
"More than ten," I said, just a fraction of the women I had fucked.
"That big?" she laughed. "I'm not sure if I can take it then. Not the full length."
My brain unscrambled the confusion. She meant inches. How long my cock was. Still is. It has not changed.
"I thought your meant,..." I started to explain, then realised she was playing with me, and went on, "... okay, it's seven."
"I've had bigger," she said, her face dead-pan.
"Size isn't everything," I countered.
She looked at me, assessing what I had said.
"No," Agnes agreed, finally. "It's technique the counts. But I'll need you to go down on me before I let you fuck me. Is that okay?"
"I was planning to," I said, "right after I put you over my knees."
She gave me another of her calculating looks.
"I might let you do that," Agnes said.
Meanwhile my mind had been wondering exactly why the cones her nipples formed the shape they did, wider than they were high, as if there was something more than just nipple stub beneath the silk.
"Can I just..?" I said to her, not finishing what I was pretending to ask.
My hand finished the question for me. I moved it to the next button of her blouse. Two were already opened, by her, while on her bathroom visit during the interval, her revealing of her cleavage. I undid the next one, the one below, and then a third, the last of the three set inches lower that the undercurves of her delightful breasts.
All of her cleavage was now displayed, but not her breasts, and not the puzzling nipple stubs. She eyed me as she sipped her drink, and then did nothing to prevent me easing my hand beneath the silk to finger one of her teats. More steel. A barbell. Set through the stub. Steel balls on either side of rubbery teat.
"One of the men who fucked me," Agnes explained, "had a studio. He had a Prince Albert, if you know what that is. It felt amazing. It seemed only fair to let him do those, and some tattoos as well. Do you like butterflies?"
"Real ones, or tattoos?" I asked.
"Either," Agnes said.
"Then both," I said.
"That's good," she said.
All that time I had been fingering her nipple stub and the barbell balls. I took my hand away.
"You know," she said, "I could have you arrested for sexual assault."
"I'd say you asked me to," I said. "You're word against mine. And you haven't exactly screamed for help."
"No," Agnes agreed. "I don't need help. But if you'd asked, I could have just shown you."
"It's a little busy, here, don't you think?" I said.
This time it was her hand that answered my question. Her eyes, too, those blue pools looking into mine and daring me to register some degree of shock as she eased one side of her blouse from her breast, exposing it completely, perfect, flawless pink-white flesh, light brown areola, palm width, her palm, not mine, the puckered stub a full half inch proud, the steel balls glinting in the light of the bar that we were in.
There was a change in the murmuring going on around us. People were noticing, pausing in their conversation, then starting up again, continuing what they had just been saying, as if nothing untoward was happening, but having to concentrate a little more than before they had seen the brazenly bare breast that was distracting them, and talking just that bit slower than before as well.
As for me, I was registering the ink. Below her breast. Curving, following the line of its underside. Rising at the middle of her rib-cage, an inch upwards, between her breasts. Not a butterfly. Too solid. Exactly what it was, I could not tell. Not then. Not until an hour later, back at my place. This was no church-going angel I was standing with. Not any more.
It took a good fifteen minutes to finish our drinks. There was no rush. We continued our conversation, if you can call it that. I thought of it more like fencing. Testing each other out. Using words for those long, flexible swords, used in competitions. Epees. Sometimes used with a piece of rubber on the tip, and points scored when you have touched your opponent white fencing suit. Or without the rubber, in serious fencing, when you aim to cut.
We fenced, play attacking one another, parrying, using ripostes, counter-attacking. All in good humour. Agnes leaving her blouse exactly as it was. People no longer shocked, but just accepting, a woman in a bar has left a delightful breast exposed, and it just so happens that her nipple has been pierced, but that is just the kind of thing that you might see in any bar in London, or not, but then, who cares?
We took the tube having walked to the nearest station. We got to my flat. I left the lights off. There was enough light from the street lamps just outside to see each other, and to find the bed.
We spent the first ten minutes in the hallway, engrossed in each other. No more talking. Just our mouths connecting, open, devouring one another, tongues intertwining, teeth and gums intimately explored, hands roaming over one another's bodies, no off-limits, arms, backs, chests, crotches, caressed and stroked and probed. She now was seriously wet.
Then Agnes excusing herself. Needing the bathroom. Emerging in what seemed to be a black corset and a pair of stockings, posing in the door way, for me to take in what I could see of her in the dim light. When had she put those stockings on?
Ink. The stockings easier to describe. Black stocking tops, three inches wide, around each thigh, mostly solid ink, black in contrast with her pink-white skin, tattooed for ever, by the guy she had been fucking then, although to imitate a decorative stocking top, there were two zig-zag lines of uninked, still white flesh within each band. The band on her right thigh was clearly what I had seen the edge of, in the concert hall.
The corset, and that is exactly what it would have been in shape, had it been black leather, instead of ink that had been needle pricked beneath her skin, was made up of inch-wide, solid black, vertical stripes from just beneath her breasts descending to level with her pelvic girdle, all round her torso, with narrow untouched white stripes to break up what would have been too resolutely solid, had they not been there.
The upper edges of the corset stripes stopped at her breasts, curving upwards to her cleavage. The lower edges were curved in reverse, pointing towards her cunt, just as a leather corset would be shaped. Not that I could see it then, while she was standing at the doorway, but I would later see a wider gap of whiteness down her spine, criss-crossed with dark blacklines, as if a corset string was laced there, and pulled tight, with a tattooed knot, holding it in place, and loops of unused string tattoed on her buttocks, where the real string would have lain.
I saw that criss-crossing of the corset string, and the loops, a little later, once I had sat down on the bed, and Agnes had leaned across my knees, to let me alternate warming those buttocks with my palm, with fingering her cunt as deeply as my middle fingers would allow.
I had expected delicate butterflies fluttering on one shoulder, when she had asked me if I liked them, in the bar, not those solid works of tattoo art. That must have taken time, defining outlines, then filling in the solids, the electronic needle working overtime, painfully piercing her skin to get the ink below its surface, where it would forever stay. But there was one butterfly. Just one. Right where I least expected it.
The guy who had been fucking her had used her labia, the twin protruding lips of flesh, as the long body of his butterfly. I could not see the detail then, but he had tattooed those labia. They were not the soft pink, they would have been before, but black. From them, the wings were spread, rising on her hairless pubic mound, and onto her inner thighs.
Its shape emerged best when, after I had finished punishing her butt for its solitary crime of being so enticing to my hand, I moved her to the bad and spread her legs to lick her cunt, as I had said I would. It was beautifully done. Not solid. Only the body was pure black ink. The wings were decorated, Indian in style, intricate patterning reflected on each side.
You expect a blue eyed blonde to have a cunt that is pure pink, the flesh around it to be white. Not Agnes. I parted those tattooed labia with my finger-tips, ready with my tongue, and found that even when exposed, the inner flesh was tattooed black. He had completely claimed her cunt, that guy.
Intrigued, fascinated, a part of me repelled, another part impressed, with him, for having been so thoroughgoing in his workmanship, and with Agnes, for having borne the intimate incursion with the needle, and the pain, I licked between those lips. I tongued her butterfly.
She tasted just as any cunt would taste. She squirmed just as any woman I have even tongued would squirm. The ring was different. Steel gleaming, against the black tattooed flesh through which I now saw it was set. The clit hood itself tattooed. Only her clit, that delicate mass of sensuous nerve endings packed into a small nub, was left untouched by ink, protruding pinkly from its black sheath. No lack of sensitivity. She moaned and groaned appreciatively as I licked her there.
Agnes came, just from my tonguing her. Shuddering, grasping at my head, holding it to her butterfly cunt, not wanting me to stop until she hit her peak and it became unbearable. Screaming. There were flats above, below, and on each side, and all my neighbours would have heard.
Once Agnes had come down, I fucked that butterfly. I eased my cock into her slickness, between its wings. I had not expected to be turned on by tattoos like hers, but having met her first at that awkward, stilted dinner, and now discovering that the coy, straightlaced plain-Jane was in fact a tattooed, pierced exhibitionist, who liked to fuck, I was most definitely into enjoying her incredible butterfly to the very hilt, burying the full length of my shaft in her with each and every thrust.
Missionary is not always as vanilla as the name suggests. Not when her legs are wrapped around you, with wide stocking tops bands of dark tattoo gripping your torso, or when you raise your body and look down on her, and she has breasts to die for, teats that are amazing, and barbells piercings with steel balls decorating tender flesh, or when she has a corset tattoo covering her rib-cage, that will be there for all eternity, and that was there at dinner, one brief week ago, beneath a mustard jumper as disguise.
Then there was her mouth. Not just its shape, the lips perfect, beautifully kissable, but what those lips could say. She wanted to be fucked. She loved my cock. She wanted deeper, harder. Her cunt loved it. She even called it her butterfly, as in "Fuck my butterfly!", although she got confused as well, calling it her pussy too, which she also wanted fucked, hard and deep, and "Don't stop, ever!"
One thing we had not ever talked about. Not mentioned. Fucking bare. Coming. Whether to pull out, or let it happen. Nothing said. I assumed, as I tended to, that these days if I need to wear protection, she will say. If not, then she is on the pill. At twenty-five, as with most women of her age, she would be on the pill.
So I did not pull out. It happened when she came a second time. More shuddering, more cries and screams. Her thighs gripping even harder. Her hands scrabbling at my back. Her cunt tightening, releasing, tightening again, the vaginal walls rippling around my cock, teasing the head and frenum, tempting me to lose control.
Then the delicious, exquisite sensation of semen jetting through my shaft, hitting the eye, and spewing out, in fitful spurts, copious at first, gradually dwindling, but each spasm so intense I was shuddering now.
Both of us drained and spent, we lay there, long minutes passing, her legs unlocking, each gathering our breath, my cock head softly throbbing with residual sensation, while luxuriating in the velvet warmth of her delightful cunt.
Agnes looked sensational in white. No sign, of course, of solid ink. No glasses, underneath her veil. Her contacts regularly worn by then, even with her parents, or when we went to church, now known to be a couple, respectable 'young' people, a tribute to each set of parents, the pride of the small community we were from. Conservatively clothed for those occasions. No barbells showing through her clothes. No skirt worn short enough to bare her stocking tops.
Sex with Agnes was still as good as ever when we wed. It is now, too, five years and one toddler since our wedding day. Agnes is the most amazing wife and mother. Tattoos and piercings do not define the person. They do not prevent you being loving, caring, considerate of others, or from being fun to be with, enjoying life, the simple pleasures, walks in countryside, paddling at the beach, or partying, or going to the shows and concerts that we prefer to choose ourselves.
It took a while, to get accustomed to seeing her naked, especially in daylight, or with the lights of my apartment switched on full. That much ink took time to get my head around. The corset in particular, and the body of the butterfly. But it was part of her. That is what a tattoo becomes. Part of the person, that you cannot change, and therefore learn to love.
She had gone for a simple, small tattoo, a butterfly, of course, and on her pubis, which then she used to shave. She had not expected him to ask her out, or take her back, or fuck her, or have her model for him, or be his canvass when the studio had not been busy, or let his customers watch him while he worked.
It had been while she was still at university. The small butterfly she had first thought of had been a tiny act of rebellion, against the rules and restrictions she had had while she was growing up at home. Instead, he did the stocking tops, and a line had then been crossed. Next came the corset, not that she knew. The back came first, and once she realised how it looked, she was committed to the front.
She had been staying in his flat by then. Unknown to her parents. The good girl gone wild. The guy with the Prince Albert piercing doing things to her that they had never heard of. Piercing her nipples. Then her clit hood. Making her his plaything, while she studied archaeology, because that had been what her parents had approved.
Then she had joked with him that she had only wanted a butterfly tattoo, so he had done the butterfly, his way, not hers. Her skin, his to work on. Permission neither asked for, nor even spoken of. She had just lain back on the vinyl, padded table, and he had done the rest.
Some of it, Agnes still is proud of, with me, at least. Some regrets. Swimwear, holidaying at hotel pools or busy beaches. But swimming naked, where it is quiet, and she is not seen, is a stolen pleasure, and sometimes, in the south of France, where beaches can be naturist, she simply flaunts her body as it is.
Giving birth, it had been just the two of us, and the staff, of course, who were fascinated and intrigued. Her mother had been disappointed to be excluded, but that was how it had to be. The barbells had to be removed, for feeding. Replaced now. They are part of who she is. And for the record, no, it was not that first time that resulted in her being pregnant. That happened after we were married. On our honeymoon. We do things properly, as any respectable couple would.
There was a pause, after the arrival. No sex for the first few months of motherhood. But it resumed again. Her libido and her figure, both returning to how they had been before. So her corset still keeps her in shape, and every night I fuck a butterfly, and her stockinged legs will sometimes grip me, and sometimes will be tucked beneath my shoulders as I fuck her, or will kneel, at the foot end of our bed, while I take her from behind, fingering the loose laces of her corset, inked on the pink-whiteness of her butt.