I was requested by a reader to write a story on self spanking. Which sparked my curiosity so I did some 'research' on the net and became enthralled at the videos of people administering their own punishment. So here is my story. It is in two parts, 'The Awakening' and 'Out of the Closet'. The first part features self spanking, while the second is, well, you will see.
*****
Part 1: The Awakening
It took a lot of courage for me to admit to my husband of twelve years that I like to spank myself. Even writing it down on this page makes me feel embarrassed to admit it. Shamefully I have been into self spanking since I was a teen. It all started when my school friend, Rosalie, and I had been on a high school tramping trip. Because we were arriving back late I had arranged to spend the night at Rosalie's house.
It was after 11pm and Rosalie's parents had told us several times to settle down and go to sleep. I was giggling and whispering to Rosalie instead of going to sleep. Rosalie told me to be quiet or she would get into big trouble with her Mum and Dad. When I ignored her, she picked up her pillow and threw it at me. Unfortunately her throwing was terrible as the pillow flew straight over my head and hit her bookcase that contained trophies, glass ornaments and a lampshade. It seemed that just about everything came tumbling down in a terrible noise.
A few seconds later Rosalie's Mum came storming into the room. Rosalie desperately apologised to her obviously very angry mother. To my utter shock Rosalie was hauled out of bed by her mother and told to stand beside it. Incredibly Rosalie was then ordered by her Mum to lower her pyjama bottoms to her ankles. I will never forget the look of utter humiliation on Rosalie's face.
She pleaded with her mother to not make her do it in front of me. However she was not in a forgiving mood, and told Rosalie she should have thought of that before disobeying her. Her mother repeated her command and reticently Rosalie lowered her pyjama bottoms, exposing her white cotton panties.
'And the panties!" her mother ordered.
I was agog. I had never witnessed anything like this in my entire young life. My parents never spanked me or any of my two siblings. I realised I was holding my breath and my mouth was wide open. I knew I should say something. I knew I should tell Rosalie's Mum that it my fault, not poor Rosalie's. But even though my mouth was open, no words would come out.
Rosalie pleaded not to have to lower her panties, but her mother was insistent.
"You know you always get spanked on your bare bottom, don't you?"
"Yes, mother," Rosalie responded limply.
I could not believe what I was hearing. Rosalie is eighteen and still gets spanked. Oh my gawd, that is unbelievable. And to make matters worse she is spanked on her bare bottom. I thought that if this happened to me I would die of shame.
Without further argument Rosalie turned her back to me and lowered her panties to below her knees. I remember thinking how snowy white her butt was.
Without further ceremony, her mother gripped hold of her shoulder and commenced giving her a severe hand spanking that just seemed to go on forever. Rosalie was crying and doing a little jig in a vain attempt to lessen the impact of the spanks. I don't think I moved a muscle during the whole sequence. I was both shocked and spellbound.
When her mother was satisfied her daughter had been sufficiently punished she was told to put her nose in the corner before she could return to her bed. Rosalie shuffled over, her pyjama bottoms and panties both around her ankles. She made no attempt to pull them up so it was obvious she knew her time in the corner was to be spent with her bare bottom exposed. I couldn't help stealing a glance at Rosalie's naked bottom. What had previously been snowy white flesh was now a deep pink and almost red. I was transfixed and felt flushed and lightheaded.
Suddenly I was aware Rosalie's Mum was talking to me. She was shaking a finger and telling me I was damn lucky I was also not getting spanked, but she couldn't do that without my own parent's agreement. I felt like I was going to faint. She ordered me to get to sleep and she didn't want to hear another peek from me until the morning. I didn't dare speak again the whole night.
Although I pretended to close my eyes I kept one slightly open so that I could stare at Rosalie who was sniffling, bare butt, in the corner. After the ten minutes I saw Rosalie gracefully bend down, pull up her panties and pyjamas and climb into the double bed she was sharing with me. I wanted to whisper to her how sorry I was for getting her into trouble, but dared not speak.
She turned her back to me and curled up in a foetal position, with her legs tucked up. Her buttocks were only inches away from me. I so much wanted to reach out and place my hands on her reddened flesh. I imagined how warm it would feel. It was nothing sexual. I didn't crave touching her intimately, I just for some reason wanted to touch her spanked bottom.
Eventually I fell into a fitful sleep and in the morning nothing was said about the spanking. However it was the elephant in the room for the next few hours until my parents picked me up. As I was leaving I put my hand on Rosalie's shoulder and quietly mumbled how sorry I was. Rosalie blushed and looked away.
Over the next months I often found myself lying in bed thinking about the Rosalie spanking, but I never knew why. Yes, I felt bad about her getting spanked when it was as much my fault as hers. In fact it could be argued I was even more to blame because if I had shut up and gone to sleep like her mother had told me to then nothing bad would have happened. However I knew it was probably not that big a deal and I should just forget about it. Obviously Rosalie got spanked by her parents fairly often so the chances are Rosalie has got over it. So why couldn't I?
But I couldn't forget it. I kept visualising Rosalie having to lower her pyjamas and knickers in front of me and her mother. I can still vividly see the intense embarrassment etched on her face. I kept visualising that it was me standing there with my panties around my ankles. I can feel my cheeks flushed with a mortal shame.
It was about six months later when things began to change for me. I was lying in bed at home. My parent's bedroom is downstairs, while my older brother and sister plus myself sleep upstairs in three separate bedrooms with a shared bathroom. Recently I had not been thinking of the Rosalie spanking incident anywhere near as much, but on this particular night I found myself unable to sleep and my mind drifted back to that evening. The whole scene with Rosalie and her Mum played over in my mind as clear as if I was watching a movie. I could clearly see the shame on Rosalie's face as the events unfolded.
As the events replayed in my mind I realised my heart was beating rapidly and I was flushed. I had recently turned eighteen and was still a virgin. I had a steady boyfriend and although we had engaged in some heavy petting we had not had sex. The furthest he had got was his hand up my blouse and squeezing my boobs through my bra.
This only happened a couple of times and I wouldn't let him go any further. It was not so much that I was a prude. It was just that I was intensely embarrassed by my own body. Even though I was now eighteen my body was taking its time to blossom. To me, I felt like I looked like a boy. I was skinny with not much of a waist and my boobs were really small. They were an A-cup. My own mother has small breasts so I suspected I would never have big full boobs like some of my friends. But Lord, give me a break! A girl prefers something bigger than an A-cup.
As I lay in bed I almost unconsciously found my hand wandering under my pyjamas and panties before sliding down to my pussy. I had never really been one to masturbate and although I occasionally played with myself down there it was mostly to make me relax in bed. Invariably I fell asleep with my hand between my legs, enjoying the sensation of my fingers stroking my labia.
However, when my fingers touched my labia on this night I felt puffiness and moisture like I had never encountered before. In shock I retracted my hand. To my amazement I realised I was aroused. Slowly I placed my hand down between my legs again and touched my lips. I might have been a sexual novice but there was no doubting I was very aroused.
Confusion mixed with guilt as I realised that just thinking about Rosalie's spanking had turned me on. I pulled my blankets up tight around my neck as if this would somehow hide my arousal. I lay on my back, listening to the total quietness that enveloped our house in the middle of the night. I glanced at my bedside clock and realised it was after midnight. All I could hear was my own panting.
I tried to shut out my thoughts of Rosalie, but failed badly. I could feel my own lubrication moistening the top of my thighs that I had squeezed together tightly. I was feeling even more flushed. I found myself lowering my blankets and sitting on the side of my bed. It was almost as if someone else was controlling my body and I was the puppet. I stood up and faced my bed. I was dressed in my favourite pair of pyjamas. They were at least two sizes too big for me but had been given to me by my Grandma who I loved dearly. I was also wearing some plain cotton panties that I used for sleeping in.
For a long moment I stood beside the bed, unsure as to why I was standing there. But then I heard a silent command in my head to remove my pyjama top. I looked nervously at my bedroom door. The door couldn't be locked so there was no way I could prevent anyone from entering. I knew my parents and siblings always knocked before entering my room, but I was still anxious.
Still facing my bed, I unbuttoned my pyjama top, removed it, then folded it up and placed it on the bed. I couldn't stop myself from clasping my arms in front of my small breasts. I felt exposed, which was kind of crazy given I was all alone in my bedroom. Silently I commanded myself to remove my pyjama bottoms. After another furtive glance at my bedroom door I quickly lowered my pyjamas and stepped out of them before folding them and also placing them on the bed.
I was standing there dressed only in my knickers. It shouldn't have been a big deal as I was in the privacy of my own bedroom, in the middle of night with the light off. But I knew my body was aroused and I was experiencing a sexualised tension that was new to me. Even though it was me standing beside the bed, I knew that in my mind I picturing myself as Rosalie. I was the naughty girl being admonished by her mother. I looked down at my feet submissively.
The mother in my head ordered me to remove my knickers and place them on the bed. Forcing myself not to glance at the door, I slid my fingers under my waistband and lowered then to my ankles. I slipped them off and held them in my hand. I was appalled at how moist they were. I had never excreted juices from my pussy like that before. I felt a strange mixture of embarrassment and sexual excitement.
I placed the panties on my bed and stood there totally naked. I visualised Rosalie's mother deciding that I should also be punished along with her daughter. I imagined being spanked and tried to visualise the mixture of utter humiliation and pain I would no doubt feel. My body shivered and I was covered in goose bumps. I was more aroused than I had ever been. Still naked I jumped back into my bed, pulled up the blankets and thrust my hand down to my pussy. I was soaking wet. I only stroked my clitoris a couple of times before I could feel my orgasm ready to flood over me. I thrust my fingers deep into my vulva and was shocked at the ferocity of the orgasm. I had to bite down on my pillow to prevent myself from screaming out with pleasure.
Over the ensuing months I repeated this scenario many times. Always late at night when I was sure my parents and siblings were asleep. Always I would undress and imagine myself being punished. Sometimes it would be Rosalie's Mum, but other times I imagined it was one of my college lecturers giving me a damn good spanking for being disruptive in class. I visualised myself being spanked in front of a whole classroom of my peers. Always I ended up masturbating myself to an intense orgasm.
But as time went on I realised I wanted more. I needed more than just standing naked and visualising being spanked. The intensity was quickly beginning to wear off. The frustration got so bad that it began to affect me emotionally. I knew I was becoming bitchy and moody but I couldn't seem to help myself. It all came to a head one particular weekend when I was meant to go camping with my parents for a long weekend but because of my behaviour they grounded me for the weekend. My older brother and sister were already away staying with friends up the Coast, so that meant I would be home for 3 days on my own.
I pleaded with my parents to take me but they were firm in their decision. I almost wanted to plead with them to spank me instead of grounding me, but I knew they would be shocked beyond belief as they did not believe in corporal punishment.
Early on Saturday morning my parents departed, their SUV loaded with camping gear. I did have one last go at trying to persuade them to change their minds just before they left, however my mother insisted that I should spend the time at home reflecting on my poor behaviour. She asked me if I would do that for her and tearfully I responded I would. I was contrite. I knew I had been behaving poorly and had no one to blame other than myself.
I spent the rest of the morning tidying up my bedroom which had become a total disaster area. Usually I was a tidy teenager but in my current rebellious and moody state I had lost the desire to keep it clean. Once I had finished the bedroom I decided to have a shower and freshen up. Having finished the shower, I was standing in the bathroom towelling myself off. I remember thinking how quiet the house was. It was most unusual for me to be home alone on the weekend as there was generally always someone else around.
For some reason I found myself opening the bathroom door. I was still totally naked, but held my towel in front of myself covering my breasts and pussy. I peeked down the hall as I could not quite accept that I was alone. There was after all a remote chance either of my siblings could return home for some reason, or perhaps my parents returned having forgotten something.
I stood in the hallway and listened. There was only me at home. I returned to the bathroom, folded my towel on the rail, and then walked out totally naked into the hallway. I stood there in full view, even though there was no one else around to see me. I couldn't believe I was just standing there. I forced my hands to my side so that I was exposed. At that stage I had no idea what I was going to do, but I was flushed and knew I needed to do more.
I walked down the stairs and into my parents' bedroom. The curtain was open but a tall hedge shielded me from the view of neighbours. I stood in front of my parents' full-length mirror and stared at my nakedness. I saw the body of an eighteen year old girl who had yet to blossom into a woman. I saw my small boobs and was shocked to notice how erect my nipples seemed to be. I gazed down at my pussy. I had a small patch of blonde curly pubes that formed a delicate triangle pointing to my labia.
As I looked at my naked self I again began to think of Rosalie. I saw myself as the naughty daughter who needed to be punished. Right beside me was my parents' chest of drawers, and sitting on top was my mother's hairbrush. I reached out picked it up. It was a solid wooden one and I was surprised at how heavy it was. I slapped the palm of my hand with the brush and it stung.
Tentatively I reached behind myself and gave my right buttock a gentle smack. It didn't really hurt. I repeated it again with a little more force. It stung a little more that time. I then brought my arm right back behind me and swung it with all the force I could muster. It connected low down on my cheek with a loud crack. I yelped with surprise and the pain. It really hurt and I dropped the brush and rubbed my cheek with both hands. I turned around and looked at my bottom in the mirror. Surprisingly I could only see the faintest of red marks where it had connected. I expected to see more given the stinging pain when it connected.
I turned around again to face the mirror. I was confused. What on earth had possessed me to smack myself? Why had I wanted to do it? I looked down at my mother's hairbrush lying at my feet where I had dropped it. Then I looked up again at my own reflexion in the mirror. I stared hard into the reflexion of my own eyes for a long couple of minutes.
'You know why you did it',I spoke softly to myself, but it was as if my own reflexion was speaking to me.
'You know you have been a naughty little brat'I pouted as my reflexion scolded me. 'You know you need a damn good spanking for the way you have been behaving like a spoilt brat towards your family'.
"I'm sorry", I responded to my own reprimanding with genuine remorse. "You are right. I wish my parents would just spank me like Rosalie's did."
"Well you are not going to get off so lightly girl. If your parents are not going to spank you then you will just have to give yourself the spanking you deserve. Now pick up the hairbrush and go and bend your butt over your parents' bed."
With a sense of both excitement and dread I bent down and picked up the hairbrush. I stared awkwardly at my reflexion.
'What are you waiting for girl?'
I guess what I was waiting for was to try and make some sense of what I was considering doing. Here I was, an 18 year old standing naked in my parents' bedroom, holding my mother's hairbrush and telling myself to bend over the bed and give myself a spanking that I knew full well was going to hurt. But deep down I sensed this was something I wanted to do. Why, I wasn't quite sure. I knew that ever since I had witnessed Rosalie having her naked bottom spanked by her mother that I had fantasized about it happening to me. I also knew that I had been frustrated and behaving poorly.
It was at that point that I knew I was going to do it. I was actually going to spank my own delicate little bottom. I began to walk slowly to the bed. I looked over and saw the door to my parents' bedroom was wide open.
'Leave the door open!"my own voice reprimanded me. 'Naughty little girls like you don't deserve your privacy. It will serve you right if someone from your family comes home and sees you giving yourself a damn good spanking.'
I shuddered and was genuinely nervous. I was not looking forward to the spanking. It would be humiliating and painful. But I would just die if anyone actually saw me in the process, even though I knew the chances of anyone coming home were remote. When I got to the bed I placed the hairbrush on the duvet and knelt down beside the bed. I leant my upper body on the bed and lay there for several minutes, pondering my fate. Was I really going to do this? I could feel my heart beating rapidly and I was flushed.
Tentatively I picked up the hairbrush and gripped it tightly. My palm was sweating.
'Get that butt of yours higher up, girl'
I slid forward more on the bed so my pelvis was flush with the edge. I hesitated.
'What are you waiting for girl? You know you want this. You know you deserve this. Don't you?'
"Yes!" I responded loudly to myself. "I do deserve this."
Without further hesitation I swung my right arm back and spanked my bottom with force.
'You can do better than that, girl. Spank harder!'
And I did. I spanked myself several times on my right buttock until I felt I could not take anymore. I could feel my eyes watering.
'Oh, don't be a little baby. You deserve your spanking so take it proper. Now put the hairbrush in your other hand and repeat the process on the other side. Otherwise I will get Rosalie's Mum in here to give you a real spanking'
With determination to prove to myself I could take my punishment, I switched the hairbrush to my left hand. It was more awkward to spank myself with this hand and the first few swings were ineffective.
'Oh, come on, you can do better than that.'
I gritted my teeth and focused on getting my rhythm right. To my satisfaction I began to connect squarely on my buttock with the desired force. I whimpered out loud at the irony of me being so motivated to inflict maximum pain to my poor tender bottom.
I repeated the dose, spanking myself again on both buttocks before finally putting the hairbrush down beside me on the bed. I was sweating profusely. I reached behind me and put the palms of my hands on my bottom. Both buttocks were warm and tender to touch. Tentatively I stood up and walked over to the mirror. I turned around so I could see my buttocks. I gasped at how red they were. I stood there running my palms over them again, enjoying the sensation of rubbing them. It felt soothing. I bent over at the waist to get a better view of redness. I reached through my legs to again run my palms over my bottom. I liked it and knew then that I had done the right thing.
Yes, it had hurt. But it felt good and now that it was over I felt a different kind of warmth. As I was withdrawing my hand from between my legs I let it brush over my labia. I purred at my own touch. Slowly I repeated the process. I was still bent over like a staple and could see my reflexion in the mirror from between my legs. I could see how swollen my labia were and realised to my shock that I was aroused. The spanking was making me aroused! It made me blush even more.
'You really are a dirty little slut, aren't you? You get the spanking you deserve but end up making yourself horny. You are unbelievable. If you are such a little slut I want to see you cum, bent naked in your parents' bedroom. I hope someone walks in and sees you in all your naked glory playing with that little cunt of yours'.
Slowly I continued to stroke my labia, forcing myself to watch me in the mirror. Then I began to flick my clit. It felt great and I knew I was more aroused than I had ever been. I desperately needed to cum. I thrust two fingers deep into my well lubricated pussy and began to finger-fuck myself. In no time I was gasping out loud and moaning with pleasure. If someone had come home I would never have heard them.
My orgasm hit me with such force that I struggled to keep my balance. Even after the first orgasm subsided I kept thrusting my fingers into my pussy and was surprised when I second orgasm washed over me. It was not as powerful as the first but still felt damn good. Gasping, I finally stood up.
'You really are a little slut. Now put that hairbrush back on the dresser. Go and put some clothes on and behave like a respectable young lady.'
"Yes, Ma'am," I smiled to myself at my own reprimand. "I promise I will be good."
My buttocks were tender as I pulled on my panties. I was going to put my jeans on but decided they would be too tight on my delicate rear. So I pulled on a short skirt and threw on a tee shirt. I deliberately didn't wear a bra, which was abnormal for me. I had small boobs for an 18 year old and if I wore a padded bra they at least looked a cup size bigger, which made me less self-conscious.
But today was a special day. I look back on it as my awakening. My spanking had left me feeling revitalised and motivated. It was as if it had somehow washed away my sins and frustration. I know that sounds silly, but that was how I felt.
...
That was my very first self spanking, but certainly far from my last. In fact by the Saturday evening of the very same day I had the overwhelming urge to spank myself again. But I knew my bottom couldn't take 2 spankings in one day. I had lifted up my skirt and lowered my panties several times during the day. I was surprised that the redness had disappeared quite quickly but the buttocks still felt tender, especially when I sat down.
When I had finished making my dinner that evening I lowered my knickers to my knees before I sat down at the table. I liked the feeling of the cool hardness of the chair against my naked, sensitive bottom. I could not believe how much I had changed in this one day. I was emerging from the shell of a shy, awkward and frustrated 18 year old.
That night I masturbated myself again before falling into a deep sleep. I had never been a good sleeper but that night I slept well. The next day I lazed around outside in the summer sun trying to get a tan. Our backyard is well protected from the neighbours by high hedging. Initially I was sunbathing in my bikini but my mind began to wander.
'Come on you little slut. You know you want to show off those itsy, bitsy boobies of yours. You know you are going to be showing them off tonight when you get your spanking so you might as well remove that top now.'
I looked around apprehensively. There was hedging all around the back yard, but there were also gaps. If someone stood in one of those gaps I could be seen. I quickly removed the bikini top and lay down on my stomach. I felt a delicious tingle of nerves. After 15 minutes I nonchalantly rolled over on to my back. My first reaction was to place my hands over my boobs.
'Tut, tut, little slut. Remove those hands.'
With a deep breath I removed my hands and put them down beside me. I felt totally exposed, even though I was only topless in my own back yard. It really was no big deal, but for a young introverted 18 year old it was a major step into the wild. However once I relaxed I began to enjoy the sensation of being exposed, even if I only had small boobs. I even fell asleep for almost an hour and only woke up with the late afternoon sun disappearing behind the clouds.
I went to put my bikini top back on, but instead brazenly walked back inside topless. Even though I was trying to be brave my heart was beating way faster than it should have been. I was so far out of my comfort zone. It felt like the eyes of all my neighbours were peering at me through the hedge. But as I finally walked inside the house I felt a glow that excited me. I liked how I was pushing my boundaries. I knew I was going to spank myself again tonight and could hardly bear the anticipation. I also knew it was going to be my last opportunity as my parents, brother and sister were all due home the next day. So I wanted to make it special.
I forced myself to wait until after I had cooked my dinner. I couldn't believe how much I was looking forward to inflicting pain on my poor bottom. It was crazy and I couldn't even begin to rationalise the sensations my young body was feeling. Finally it was time. I had already decided that I was going to re-enact one of my favourite fantasies of being spanked by my college lecturer in front of my fellow students.
Quickly I went up to my bedroom as I had decided I wanted to get changed into clothing that I actually wear to college. I looked through my wardrobe a couple of time before settling on the shortest skirt that I owned and a pale silk top that was semi see-through. I also selected the prettiest lace knickers that I owned. Excited, I lay the clothing on my bed and quickly undressed. When I was totally naked I looked at myself in the mirror. I knew I was skinny and under-developed for an 18 year old but at least I was now getting a weird sort of pleasure from seeing my naked reflexion. It was like some form of self-humiliation, if there was even such a thing.
As I stared at myself in the mirror I couldn't help but notice how flushed I was around the neck and on my chest. My nipples were also unmistakably erect. I slid my finger down to my pussy and gently stroked my labia. Removing my hand, I rubbed my thumb and forefinger together and could feel my own lubrication. I wanted to touch myself again but told myself that pleasure would come after my spanking, not before.
I slipped on my skirt, which I was pleasantly surprised was a little tighter over my hips. Surely this couldn't mean I was actually, finally, starting to develop some womanly curves. I had already decided to not wear a bra under my silk top. Normally I would always wear a bra and also usually a slip when I wore this top, but tonight I wanted to feel the embarrassment of seeing my nipples through the silk. Lastly I stepped into my lace panties. They pulled tight across my buttocks. I turned to admire myself in the mirror. I liked the result. I looked suitably slutty with my transparent top and short skirt. On the spur of the moment I decided to put my feet in the tallest high heels I owed. They only had 4 inch heels but emphasised my legs and made my skirt seem even shorter
In a haze of excitement I made my way down to the lounge, grabbing my mother's hairbrush on my way down. I had already decided that the lounge would be my lecture room for my fantasy. I pulled the curtains that faced on to the roadway but left the side curtain open. The window faced the hedge so was hidden, providing none of those voyeuristic neighbours were peering through!
I sat down on one of the sofa chairs and began to imagine I was in the lecture room with forty, or even fifty, other students. Many of whom I knew. I fidgeted my fingers, pretending to be nervous. I had not handed in my assignment despite several warnings from my lecturer. I was really concerned as he had warned there would be serious consequences if the assignment was not completed yesterday at the latest.
My lecturer looked at the stack of assignments in front of him before looking up and staring right at me.
'I seem to be missing one assignment. Just one. Becky Thompson, will you stand up please.'
Nervously I stood up. I knew that all eyes were riveted on me. I felt really bad for not having done my assignment. I had really meant to but kept getting sidetracked. I felt bad that I had disappointed my lecturer, Mr Black, as he was young and good looking and I had so wanted to please him.
'Have you, or have you not, done your assignment Miss Thompson?'
'I haven't quite finished it, Sir. I promise I will get it done tomorrow.'
'Yesterday was the deadline and did you not hear me tell everyone there would be consequences if the assignments were not handed in on time.'
'Yes Sir', I whispered nervously.
'Speak up girl!'
'Yes, Sir,' I repeated louder to my imaginary lecturer.
'Well you had better come out here in front of the class and take your consequences.'
'Consequences!' I gulped. 'What consequences?'
'You, my disobedient lass are going to get a damn good spanking as a lesson to you and everyone else in this room that when I give a deadline it must be met no matter what the excuse.'
'A spanking!' I respond, mortified.
'Get up here in front of the class right now!'
Nervously I stand up and begin to walk across the lounge towards the 'lecturer'. Then I remember I have left the hairbrush behind so quickly retrieve it. I stand nervously on the other side of our lounge. I cannot believe how excited I feel. I glance over at the open curtain. I am right beside it now.
'Are you not wearing a bra in class?' my lecturer chastises me.
Gulp. 'No Sir, sorry Sir. I forgot to put it on.'
'How does a girl forget to put on a bra before coming to a lecture. Are you sure you are not being a little sluttish in front of the other students? Especially as you are wearing high heels and a short skirt.'
'No Sir, I am really a good girl.'
My lecturer, Mr Black (who is actually one of my college lecturers in real life), looks at me sceptically. The girl before him sure looks sluttish.
'Turn around and face the class.'
I obey
'What do you see, class?'
'I see her nipples!' one boy yells out and the class sniggers.
I blush with embarrassment.
'She is dressed like a slut,' a girl replies with contempt.
'Since we can already see your little boobies through your blouse I suggest you might as well remove it'
'Remove it!' I gulp.
With all eyes on me I remove my silk top and let it fall to the floor. I want to cover my breasts but clasp my hands behind me instead, still clasping the hairbrush. I experience the exquisite humiliation of being topless in front of the class. Everyone can see my little buds have yet to develop.
'Now it is time for that spanking. I want you to take off that ridiculously short skirt and bend over my desk.'
I step out of the skirt and am now only clothed in my lace panties. I walk over to our dining room table which is going to be Mr Black's desk in my fantasy. Nervously I bend over the desk, ensuring my buttocks are pointing towards the students. I know the lacey material of my panties are stretched taunt across my bottom.
'Stick that bottom out'
I do as demanded. The class is silent, riveted by the scene unfolding in front of them. I hear a few boys snickering.
Grasping my mother's hairbrush firmly in my right hand, I swing it back and connect on my backside. I might have been wearing panties but they afforded very little protection. I yelped at the sting.
'That was just a warm up. The next ones will be harder.'
A spank myself again, but harder. I wince at the pain. I spank myself ten times before switching to my other hand and spank my other buttock the same amount of times. I am sweating at the excursion and grunt out aloud as every spank connects with my tender backside.
'Stand up!'
I do as ordered. I am shaking.
'Take off those knickers!' demands Mr Black.
'Please, no,' I plead. I will be so embarrassed if I was standing naked in front of the young and gorgeous Mr Black, as well as all my classmates.
'Now' he demands with authority.
Reluctantly I lower my panties to my ankles and kick them off my feet. I am totally naked and exposed to everyone.
'Pick up your panties.'
I obey.
'Now stick them in your mouth. We are sick of hearing your pathetic moaning at every spank.'
I ball up my panties and place them in my mouth. I can smell my own arousal on the fabric.
'Now over my desk again. You are going to get 20 damn hard spanks on each buttock because that is what you deserve.'
I plead. 'Not 20. Please!'
But Mr Black is adamant so I bend over the table again, standing on tip toes and arching my back. I know that my most private parts are revealed to all. I then dish out to myself 20 of my hardest spanks before repeating the dose on the other side. I have reduced myself to genuine tears.
'Do you want to touch yourself now?' Mr Black enquires mischievously.
I don't respond
'Well'
'Yes,' I reluctantly admit to everyone.
'Well get on with it, you little slut. And be sure to open your legs so we can all see you pleasuring that cute little cunt of yours.'
Without hesitation I open my legs, keeping my back arched. My hand slides to my pussy and I start to stroke my labia. But I am so damn excited that I am on the verge on cumming. Quickly I thrust my fingers into my vulva and begin stroking furiously. In record time the first orgasm hit me like a freight train. I keep pumping my fingers and a second orgasm almost brings me to my knees. I lie breathless on our dining table, my fantasy self spanking complete. It had been wonderful.
My parents and brother and sister all arrived home the following day. I think they had expected to find me sullen and resentful at having been grounded for the long weekend. But instead they found me polite and happy. That evening I knocked on my parents' bedroom and went in and apologised for the way I had been behaving recently. My parents gratefully accepted my apology. As I was departing my mother picked up her hairbrush and began brushing her long blonde hair. I couldn't help grinning to myself. If only she knew what that hairbrush had been up to over the weekend.
...
My very first self spanking experience when I was 18 was oh, so memorable. Even though I am now 36 years of age, happily married for 12 years and the proud Mum of 2 children, I still vividly remember that first time. I would hesitate to call it life changing, but in some respects it probably was. It impacted on me sexually and emotionally
After my first experience I looked for every opportunity I could to spank myself. Sometimes there would be frustrating weeks on end when I would not get time alone in the house. A couple of time I tried spanking myself in the privacy of my bedroom while my family were home. But with my siblings' bedrooms so close to mine there was no way I could spank myself with the vigour I needed to make it truly satisfying.
So whenever the opportunity presented itself I would seize the opportunity to spank myself. Mostly nude, but if time was short I would simply drop my panties and find one of my favourite implements to spank my bottom bright red. As time went on I developed a range of implements I would use for spanking. There was the wooden spatula and wooden spoon from the kitchen, a thick plastic ruler and a wide leather belt. But the hairbrush remained my nostalgic favourite.
Sometimes I would enact one of my fantasies, but more and more I just wanted the sensation of spanking myself. I came to realise they were an emotional release valve for me. If I was especially tense, either sexually or emotionally, I found that spanking myself gave me immense relief. I always masturbated myself to at least one orgasm when I finished punishing myself. I also masturbated myself in my bed on other occasions but these orgasms were never as intense.
I did develop a hankering for a proper spanking delivered by another person rather than my own hand. I did drop some subtle hints with the occasional boyfriend I had but none of them showed any interest or understanding of what I wanted. I eventually hatched this plan to lure my older brother into giving me a spanking.
We were alone together watching a football match when I offered to get my brother a beer. He always liked to drink his beer out of his favourite mug. But instead of pouring him a beer I deliberately dropped the mug onto the tiled kitchen floor and it smashed into pieces. My brother was steaming mad.
I apologised profusely, before looking him in the eye and saying, "Perhaps you need to give me a spanking for being so clumsy."
My brother was taken aback. 'WWWWhat! Are you crazy. You are way too old for a spanking."
"No I am not," I quickly retorted.
My brother frowned at me for a long while, waiting for me to say I was only joking."
"Are you serious?" he finally muttered.
I nodded my head. I didn't trust myself to speak.
"And just how are you suggesting I spank you?" His curiosity was piqued by my outlandish statement.
I took a deep breath. "You can put me over your knee if you like and spank my bum." I smiled nervously.
"On your bum? You are joking, right?"
The football game had been temporarily forgotten.
I nodded. "On my bum. On my bare bum," I managed to add.
Now he laughed. "You are seriously suggesting I spank my sister on her bare bum. Girl, whatever you are smoking it has turned your head."
I just stared at him nervously.
My brother tilted his head as he weighed up what I was saying. I might be his sister, but I was also a female who had just turned 19 and was only a year younger than him. I could tell he was getting turned on.
"If you are going to be spanked on your bare bum then you are going to have to take off your jeans and panties."
I hadn't really intended to take them off totally. I was just thinking I would lower them a little when I was over his knee. I didn't relish the idea of being naked from the waist down in front of my brother. But then my latent exhibitionist streak kicked in. I knew it would be totally embarrassing beyond believe, but I wanted to experience that unbearable humiliation.
Slowly I began to unbutton my jeans. My brother's eyes just about popped out of his head at the realisation that I was actually going to do it. With all the courage I could muster I lowered my jeans to my ankles and stepped out of them. I stood up, exposing my red cotton panties to my brother's stare. He seemed to enjoy the sight.
At that point my resolve to continue undressing dissipated. It was a step too far.
"Perhaps I will leave my panties on."
Reluctantly my brother agreed that was probably wise. "And no more of that weird shit about getting spanked."
And that ended my most reckless attempt to get someone else to spank me. Instead I focused on seeking out opportunities to self spank. I had started spending some time online and although I had no interest in porn I did find that there were websites that hosted videos of ladies who were also into self spanking. This helped me feel like I was not such a deviant person after all.
I started dating my husband, Rick, when I was twenty and we were married when I was 24 and he was 26. We now have two wonderful girls and we are very happy after 12 years of marriage. Rick is a Clinical Psychologist and is a great husband and father. He an attentive lover but my big regret has been that he never took up any of the gentle hints I dropped him around spanking. He always just laughed them off and I was too afraid to just blurt out how I actually felt.
Through all of the ensuing years I have continued to be a self spanking devotee. But as any mother of children will tell you it is not often one gets quality time alone. With Rick's job as a Clinical Psychologist he would sometimes be away attending Court trials in another city. On these occasions I would ensure the kids were tucked up in bed and sound asleep, then would go into my bedroom and change into my knee length nightie and knickers.
On my dresser was my hairbrush, the very same hairbrush that once belonged to my mother and I used for my very first self spanking. The bristles were falling out and my mother was going to throw it away but I asked if I could have it. My mother was bemused as to why I would want her old, worn hairbrush but happily gave it to me. Taking the hairbrush, I would then go into my bathroom and lock the door. I figured that if either of the girls did happen to wake up and come looking for me they would not be too surprised if I was in the bathroom with the door locked.
Once in the bathroom I would pull my nightie right up to my shoulders so that my body was exposed. I was naked except for my panties. Fortunately my body had filled out from the skinny 18 year I once was. I was still thin but at least I had curvy hips and nice firm buttocks. I had kept myself in good shape, despite giving birth to two children. My breasts had never really got much bigger than a B cup, except when I was breast feeding, but I had come to accept my body and Rick seemed more than satisfied with my small breasts.
In the bathroom I would stare at my reflexion in the mirror. My reflection would become my imaginary punisher.
''Have you been a naughty little slut again, Becky?"
'Yes Ma'am' I pout.
'Tut, tut, little slut. Will you never learn?'
'I am sorry, Ma'am.'
'And so you will be. Lift that nightie right up high, you naughty little girl.'
I quickly raise my nightie higher up around my neck
'Are those nipples of yours erect?'
'Yes, Ma'am, I believe they are.'
'You really are a little slut. I want you to give those little titties of yours five spanks each to teach them a lesson.'
Although my favourite spanking was on my buttocks, I sometimes teased myself by spanking my breasts gently. I never spanked them hard like my buttocks as I was afraid of bruising myself and then have to answer some very awkward questions from my husband. Whereas with my bottom I knew I could spank it until it was red all over but within hours the redness would be gone, even if the tenderness remained.
I held my breath as I spanked my left breast. It was really sensitive, especially when I landed squarely on my erect nipple. I winced but continued on, then repeated the dose on my right breast.
'Ohhh, I did as you asked, Ma'am.'
'Well I'm not very impressed young lady. I want you to pinch your nipple and pull it out tight. Then repeat the dose on the underside of those little titties.'
Groaning to myself, I take hold of my nipple and pull it out as far as my small boobs will stretch. I have actually never done this to myself before so I am excited but a little nervous at the possible pain. Recently I had begun to invent subtle little ways of varying my punishment and forcing myself to do things I have not tried before. I knew it was a sign that I pined to take my spanking to a different level, although I wasn't sure what that meant
The undersides of my breasts are soft and sensitive but I spank each breast half a dozen times with my trusty hairbrush.
'That's better. Now tonight I want you totally naked as we are going to give that bottom of yours a good working over with your mother's hairbrush. So remove both you nightie and knickers.'
'Not naked, please Ma'am. My children are close by in the bedrooms.' Normally I remove my panties but keep my nightie on when my children are in the house just in case they wake up and I have to exit the bedroom quickly.
'Well you should have thought of that before you misbehaved.'
'But I will be really embarrassed being totally naked in front of you,' I appeal to my imaginary punisher.
'Good. You should be embarrassed. A grown woman with a lovely husband and two delightful children having to be punished like a naughty little slut. Now get that clothing off quickly or I will double your punishment.'
Hastily I remove my nightie and throw it over the side of the bath. I then step out of my knickers and place them on top of the nightie. I am surprised how vulnerable I feel standing totally naked in my bathroom. This is my first naked spanking with the children at home. Even though the bathroom door is locked I feel vulnerable.
'Right, for tonight's punishment I want you to kneel down on the floor and bend over the edge of the bath.'
I obey, placing the hairbrush on the floor beside me.
'Bottom in the air. Come on girl you know the drill.'
I arch my back and push my buttocks out.
'How many spanks tonight for a naughty girl?'
I hestitate. 'Twenty on each side, Ma'am.'
'What! That is nowhere near enough. I want 50 spanks on each cheek. And no holding back!'
'50! No, please. That is far too many.'
I am pushing myself beyond my limits. I have never spanked myself so many times in one session. I wonder if I can take it.
'Stop snivelling and get on with it, girl. Or you will get 100 on each cheek.'
I pick up the hairbrush, and take a deep breath. I have decided I will do the spanking in lots of ten, alternating between buttocks. I then commence and do not hold back. By the time I get to 30 on each buttock I am flushed, sweaty, and groaning at the tenderness of my reddened bottom.
'Please, Ma'am. Can I have rest? It really hurts.'
'No you can't girl. Now stop being a baby and get on with it.'
I want to feel what the pain will be like for 50 spanks, even though I really needed a break to allow my tender buttocks a chance to settle down.
With a deep sigh, I continue. Somehow I manage to take the full 50 spanks on each side of my bottom. But I am hurting and have real tears welled up in my eyes. Gingerly I stand and look at my bottom in the mirror. I am shocked by how red I am. I run my hands over my bottom and it is surprisingly hot. I am breathing deeply, my chest is blushing and I am sweating.
I allow my hand to pass down over my tummy and rest on my pussy. I desperately want to touch myself, but force myself to wait an agonising few minutes. I listen to the quietness of the house, making sure that none of the children are stirring.
Finally I let my middle finger run over my labia. It is absolutely no surprise to me that I am swollen and aroused. I continue to tantalise myself by just touching my labia softly, even though I desperately want to masturbate.
'Are you touching yourself, you naughty little slut?'
'Yes, Ma'am.'
'Do you have no shame?'
I look down demurely at the tiled floor.
'I suppose you want to masturbate in front of me?'
'Yes. Please can I show you how I can cum. I was after all a good girl and took all my spanks.'
'Very well. But hurry up and get it over with. I don't want to watch you disgusting behaviour any longer than I have to.'
Desperately I open my legs and thrust 2 fingers deep into my vulva. I begin stroking myself in and out and it feels so good.
'Hurry up girl! If you can't cum in the next 60 seconds then you can go to bed and are forbidden to touch yourself.'
I thrust deeper and faster. I don't need the 60 seconds as I begin coming in no time and want to scream out loud with pleasure but am afraid of waking the children. So I bite down on my free hand as the orgasm washes over me. I struggle to remain standing.
Afterwards I always have such mixed feelings. Yes, I love the whole fantasy even though the spanking is painful and leaves my bottom tender for a couple of days. But I also have some feelings of guilt that I am hiding my behaviour away from my husband. I knew I needed to find the right time to tell him, even though I greatly feared what his reaction would be.
Part 2 to follow