As she reflected on the night shift from the previous night, Gwen found it difficult to focus on her lecture that morning. She was already planning an outfit for her next shift that night but couldn't decide between sluttier or teasing. There was always the naked option, she wondered at the back of the lecture hall but it was dismissed as she didn't want to start the shift already nude, it was something she built to across the night. Then there was always Will, the grey gentleman who had already seen everything she had to display. The thought of him maybe turning up again just as she was stripping off made her cheeks blush a rosy red and tempted her to reach down her jeans for a play. Gwen resisted that urge, at least for now and occupied her hands by twirling her ginger hair around her finger.
With the lecture finally over, Gwen headed to the high street shops looking for outfits she could wear at work. She was looking for clothing that would make the guys look twice and maybe even a third time as they enter the petrol station but a lot of the skimpier stuff she looked at seemed to be made for skinnier girls and cursed her curves. She was just about to give up all hope and that's when Gwen saw it. It was a black bodysuit with a thong back and a deep plunge that goes down to the waist. It would just about cover her nipples and pussy but still gave the guys enough to drool over. She went through all the sizes hoping they have a size 18 and found what appeared to the last remaining one and paid for it whilst the obnoxious cashier tried chatting her up.
Walking back into her dormitory, Gwen strips out of her current clothes, bra and knickers included, and lies her purchase on the bed. Slipping it on was easy enough and felt comfortable against her skin. She checked the mirror and was amazed at how sexy she felt. The suit seemed accentuate her curves in all the right ways and managed to keep everything contained despite the feeling she had that her breasts could pop out at any second. The look was completed with some fishnet stockings and hi-tops. With the suit under her regular work uniform to keep up the facade in front of her other employees, Gwen left for work.
Gary, another employee of the petrol station and who's shift Gwen was taking over from, stood behind the counter flicking through a magazine. "Going to be another quiet one tonight I reckon," he said not even looking up at Gwen.
"Yeah. Sure looks that way," Gwen replied, mentally counting down the minutes until he left. Its not that she hated him, on the contrary she finds him tolerable but that is best case scenario.
"Oh," Gary added, "Someone posted a negative review last night."
"They did?" Gwen was getting antsy and feeling confined by her uniform, she wanted to be free of it but did her best to hide this. "What did it say?"
"A female worker, I'm guessing that's you, was apparently showing too much skin."
"Seriously?" Gwen wanted to laugh. Hard. She had a feeling who wrote the review, the stuck up girl from the previous night whose boyfriend wouldn't stop staring at her ass. Its got to be her, she thought. "Clearly its nonsense. Maybe one of my shirt buttons popped open. Do you know how hard it is to keep these breasts contained in this shirt?"
"Whatever it is, sort it out," Gary finally had put the magazine away and looked at Gwen. "You know what Mr. Wright says: more people leave a negative review..."
"...than a positive one. Got it," Gwen begrudgingly finished.
"Don't forget to stock and clean up," Gary said almost condescendingly to Gwen. Gwen rolls her eyes in front of him. "Also don't forget to put the bin in the dumpster tonight."
"Don't worry, look just go home and I'll take of it."
"Make sure your buttons are done up too, we can't have any more bad reviews." Gary took a long stare at Gwen's tits as he told her this. He's either checking them out or, and this in Gwen's mind the more likely answer, he was making sure all her buttons were done up so she can't offend the customers with her cleavage. Gwen's reply to that was giving Gary a mocking salute whilst his back was turned to her.
Finally Gary had left and Gwen was once more alone in the store. She wanted to rip the clothes from her body, to be free of them, but she would probably be charged for a new shirt and she wasn't being paid that much where the price could be considered a trivial cost. The shirt went first, undoing the buttons one by one and letting it just slide of her body and fall to the floor. Her fingers traced down her body, unbuttoning her jeans and slipped them off her thick legs. Gwen quickly discarded them with a kick, letting her jeans accompany her shirt on the floor.
Standing behind the counter in her bodysuit and stockings, Gwen felt confident, if a little bit exposed, as she eagerly awaited her first customer and hoped they liked what they saw. She didn't have to wait long as a group of twentysomething looking males entered the store. The football uniform they all wore indicated they were part of the university football team and the sweat that poured off their faces told her that they had just finished a game. Gwen had recognised some of them from the few football games she had attended with her friends and from around the campus but she doubted they would know of her.
Their excitable chants of victory over the visiting team were soon hushed when they saw Gwen behind the counter wearing very little and in its place were whispers. Gwen wished she could hear what they were saying but she guessed they were about her as she felt their eyes looking up and down her body. Eventually they approached the counter with a basket filled with alcoholic beverages of every sort. Gwen was having second thoughts about wearing the revealing bodysuit the whole shift especially in front of people she may bump into at university later. She pushed down the nerves, telling herself this was no different from the teasing she did on the previous shift.
"Hello boys. How can I help you today?" Gwen asked softly.
"Just these please and our car is on pump 2," one of the footballers said, lugging the basket on to the counter. He was definitely the handsome one of this group, Gwen thought, tall with long brown hair and a thick beard and green eyes that shone like emeralds in his chiselled face. "Oh and a pack of cigarettes too," he added pointing at the wall of cigarettes behind her.
"Coming right up," Gwen said, thinking that would require turning around and letting this group of lads see the thong back of her bodysuit and her plump asscheeks but she did so without hesitation and even gave them a better view by standing on a stool resulting in a bunch of wolf whistles.
"She's got a nice ass," she even heard one of them say.
"That online review was spot on," another voice cried.
Gwen could feel her face blush as she heard all the positive comments which focused on her curvy ass. Getting back down on the ground and trying to hide her now rosy cheeks, she rung up the total and took their cash.
"We are going to a party later on. You are more than welcome to join us," the handsome footballer said.
"Especially if you are dressed like that," another one added.
"I'm flattered guys but I'm here to close," Gwen told them with a hint of sadness. A party sounded fun with plenty of opportunities to show herself off.
"Maybe another time then," the handsome footballer said.
"I'd like that!" Gwen replied. The footballers headed towards the door carrying bags of assorted alcohol and cigarettes. "Hey!" Gwen called out, trying to get their attention. Once they all turned around wondering what she wanted, Gwen pulled down the two straps that covered her breasts, one after the other, and gave them a good show. She ran her fingers over her exposed breasts and nipples, squeezing them together and giving them a little jiggle. Gwen didn't know what came over her to be so bold and flash the group of footballers but she enjoyed every moment of it and all they could do was stare in silence with their jaws dropped until Gwen pulled the straps back up, covering her tits back up again. After that they left in their car, no doubt talking about what just happened and hopefully talking about inviting her to the next party.
Gwen felt such a rush having flashed a group of guys without even knowing their names. She wanted another customer to walk through the doors as soon as possible to get that feeling all over again. She didn't have to wait long either. Soon groups of customers started pouring in, mostly guys ranging from ages 18 to 60. In all her time working at the petrol station, Gwen had never seen it look so busy. Not even the day shift got this amount of foot traffic inside the store let alone the late shift which is supposed to be the quiet period, she felt overwhelmed and underdressed as doubts crawled into her mind about whether or not she could continue.
Every guy and a few girls she served checked her out and stared at her busty, barely contained breasts. Some even flirted with her and called her sexy, telling her how much they want to play with her tits or bend her over and fuck her doggy style. Gwen loved hearing all these comments, each one made her smile and increased her confidence. She even entertained the idea of being fucked in the middle of the store surrounded by watching customers in her head but whenever she had an offer to do so, Gwen turned them down as that felt a bit too much for her right now but she would never say never to the opportunity later on.
"Why is it so busy?" She finally asked one of the customers just out of curiosity.
"You don't know?" A customer responded. "A negative review for this place went viral and has been shared on social media. They complained about a scantily clad slut that served them here. Guess they were talking about you."
"Slut!?" Gwen replied in shock. She didn't know why that word initially offended her so but she came to like it and laughed it off. She would have to read this review later after work and leave a comment to thank them for the increased service she had.
As time marched on, Gwen could feel her confidence grow. Soon she was pretending she was embarrassed about 'accidental' nip slips and bending over suggestively near some customers, giving those standing in front and behind great views of her cleavage and ass. This is too much fun, she thought as she pulled down her straps and flashed her tits at the crowds of people coming inside. Eventually though all good things come to an end and the once crowded petrol station was empty once more.
Gwen still had a hour left until she could close up for the night. She sat on top of the counter, leaning back with her legs spread wide and the straps that once covered her breasts are no longer doing their job. The thought of giving her pussy another fingering like the previous night did cross her mind, she could feel her pussy was wet enough from all the attention she received after all, but she held off for now having decided it will be a special show for Will, the gentleman with the grey hair.
She still had duties to do before she could leave so Gwen got off from the counter and peeled the body suit off her body so that her pussy was just as exposed as her breasts had been and set off to complete them. These tasks included taking the rubbish bag to the dumpster outside. Gwen had been looking forward to this task because this would give her the first chance to leave the safety of the indoor gas station and venture nude outdoors.
Opening the back door and stepping out, Gwen could feel the cool breeze against her naked skin and brushing against sensitive areas, sending a shiver down her body. The night sky and the fact the dumpster was not by the main road meant there would be limited visibility on Gwen's naked body. A blessing and a curse, she thought as she threw the rubbish bag in the dumpster before noticing the back door closing slamming shut behind her.
She tried to open the back door with no luck, without a key the door can't be opened from the outside and Gwen wasn't carrying any such key on her naked body. There was only one way back to the store and that was through the front door but that meant going around the corner, which meant she would be walking down near the main road and fully on display for any drivers going past or any last minute customers coming into the station. Flashing them quickly was one thing, Gwen thought as she paced by the locked back door, but this is something else! She psyched herself up, after all she was excited by the idea of venturing nude away from the safety of the interior of the petrol station a few moments ago. She just didn't expected to do so much of it so soon, especially with a potential audience on the other side of the building.
Gwen took a brisk stroll around the corner of the petrol station, vigilant of any passing by cars and waiting customers. She did notice a couple of passing by cars going down the main road but they were going by so fast that it was highly unlikely they noticed the naked chubby girl standing by the petrol station. Gwen didn't know whether to breath a sigh of relief or be disappointed.
However just as Gwen took her attention off the road and about to enter the store, a posh looking sedan pulled in to the station and stopped at the pumps. Their front headlights was like the spotlight at a theatre, showcasing and highlighting her naked body. Gwen stood frozen, not even attempting to cover herself up.
A figure steps out of the sedan though Gwen can't see who it is through headlight's blinding lights but his voice sounded very familiar. "Do you ever wear clothes at this time?" He asked.
"Will?" The headlights finally switch off and the figure makes himself know. It was indeed Will, the grey haired handsome gentleman from her previous shift, dressed in a sharp three piece suit.
"Sorry I'm late. From the looks of things I missed a good show. Again" His voice sounded just as dashing as she remembered and fantasised about.
"You did. Lots of people came to see." Gwen told him with a cheeky tone.
"I see," Will said as he inserted the petrol nozzle into his car, never taking his eyes off Gwen.
"Yes you do," Gwen replied flirtatiously, trying to hide her blushing cheeks as she stroked her breasts. "I'll see you inside when you are finished out here." She turned around and made sure Will had a good view of her bare juicy ass before entering the store.
Having finished filling up his car, Will entered the station where Gwen waited behind the counter, leaning forward and squishing her breasts together with her arms with a big smile on her face. "Well I'm all filled up. How much do I owe you?"
A naughty thought crossed Gwen, one she couldn't believe she was about to say out loud to this relative stranger she had been crushing on since her last shift. Still smiling, she grabbed Will's tie to pull him closer so she could whisper in his ear, "Nothing if you fill me up." She pulled away and sucked on her finger not wanting to be subtle about what she meant by that statement.
Will was astounded by what Gwen just said. "Let me get this straight, its free if you suck my cock?"
"Mhmm," Gwen responded, finger still in her mouth.
Will thinks it over for a bit whilst Gwen patiently waits. "I'm just going to pay the price," he finally says.
"Oh," Gwen replies dropping the finger from her mouth. Her disappointment was palpable.
"Sorry. I don't think I'll be comfortable accepting that."
"It's okay."
"Tell you what though, to make up for it how about I owe you one when you next have a day off?"
Gwen perks up a bit, "Well I'm free Thursday."
"Great, I'll pick you up in town. Do you know The Mermaid's Song, the pub down Sisko Way?"
"Uh huh." Gwen's face was beaming.
"I'll see you there." He handed her a business card with his mobile and email and paid for his petrol. "See you then." He smiled as he walked out the station, taking one last look at Gwen and her naked body before leaving.
"Yes!" Gwen exclaimed. Whilst she was still disappointed she didn't get to suck his cock in the middle of the store like she thought, this more than made up for it.
Gwen closed up the petrol station and locked the front door. Deciding not to get dressed, Gwen walked to her car just to the side of the station, carrying her clothes under her arm and her phone in her hand. She dumps the clothes in the backseat and gets in the driver's side.
After everything today, the temptation to play with herself got to be too much so Gwen spread her legs so she could go to work fingering her soaking wet pussy whilst holding her phone with her free hand to record herself. She moaned, sighed and whimpered as her fingers increased the speed they slid in and out of her pussy. She imagined Will, the footballers and all the other customers all peeking in and watching her as she built up to the climax.
When Gwen orgasmed, cum squirted and leaked from her pussy and landed on her seat and floor, soaking into the fabrics. She stopped the recording and sent it to the number listed on the business card with the caption 'looking forward to Thursday.' Gwen could see Will was typing his response when she drove off. She hoped he was writing something naughty as she drove back to the dormitory block. Thursday could not come quick enough.