"Go ahead, dear," my grandmother said. "I'll sit. My hips aren't what they used to be."
My grandmother sat on a big plush chair next to the sofa. Quinn picked up a bowl of peanuts and sat beside her on the arm of the chair, getting comfy like it was a show. My mother and aunt sat on the loveseat.
"Sit with me?" I said to Beau.
He followed me as I sat on the sofa, settling in, though there was enough space to fit another person between us. I turned sideways, looking at him, one on one, our eyes locking. It felt so strange to know he wouldn't speak. All of my earlier planning to somehow make small talk seemed foolish now.
"Well," my mother spoke up, "go on."
"Mother, please, you said I could go at my own pace."
"But you're only staring at him."
"Oh, hush now," Nana spoke up. "Let the girl warm up to him for a minute. I remember you shaking like a leaf your first time."
Olivia laughed. "More like a fish out of water."
My mother folded her arms in embarrassment.
I looked back at Beau. "So, Beau, I know you can't respond. I assume you know we're not supposed to kiss."
He gave a nod.
"Stripteases are a good way to start," Quinn spoke up, tossing a peanut into her mouth. "Worked for me."
"Try holding his hand, sweetheart. There's nothing sexier than a strong man's hands," Nana said. "Give me a cashew, dear."
I stared at Beau, trying to imagine what he looked like under that black mask. "You must think this is so bizarre, huh? This silly tradition, a girl turns 18, should be out partying, but here she is, in a hotel room with her family, ready to put on a sex show."
I looked at him for a reaction. He gave a little shrug and tilted his head, giving me a smile. I did like his smile. It felt safe. It was like he was just happy to be here for me.
"Okay," I said with a breath. "What do you say we get to know each other a little before we have sex? Just go ahead and give me a nod for yes, a headshake for no. I'll ask all the questions."
"Hold on," my mother spoke up. "I don't think I like that. I don't think you should be having a long conversation."
"Why not?" I said to her.
"You're missing the purpose of this, Virginia," Olivia said. "It's about experiencing pleasure, exploring a man's body, and inviting him to explore yours."
"They're right," Nana spoke up. "Small talk is not how this is done."
"I get that, but did it ever occur to any of you that maybe I need a connection with a man before I open my legs for him?" I asked. I looked at Beau. "Do you think it's weird to talk to someone before you have sex with them?"
He shook his head.
"Hey, stud," Olivia said, looking at Beau, "don't answer her questions. Remember you're being paid, so be professional."
He gave a nod.
"You know why we can't kiss, don't you?" I said to Beau. "They think I'll fall for you. It will make the sex too intimate. Ridiculous, right?"
"Sweetheart," Nana said, "your mother and aunt mean well. If you kiss, you'll start to dwell on him later. We've all seen it happen. Tonight is carnal."
"Okay, so what can I do to relax before I'm ready to be carnal with him?" I asked. I glanced at Beau. "Sorry, I don't mean to talk about you as if you're not here."
He shook his head and lifted his hand.
"Listen to us," Olivia said. "If you need instructions, that's why we're here. There are many other things you can do besides kissing or making conversation. Let him kiss your neck instead. Better yet, let him kiss your feet and work his way up."
"Have him kiss your hands, and you can kiss his," Nana said. "There's nothing sexier than a strong man's hands."
"Take my advice," Quinn said, chewing. "Ask for a striptease. I've got my music ready."
"Oh, come now," my mother said. "Just have him show you his penis. Have him demonstrate how men like to be touched, learn from him. Then have sex. That's what this is about, Virginia."
I stood up. "How about something a little less carnal? Quinn, can I have some music?"
"Of course," Quinn said. She set up the music on her phone and it played through the TV speakers.
"Beau?" I said, holding out my hand. "May I have this dance?"
He looked up at me with a bright smile and took my hand.
"That's not what we said," Olivia said.
"Virginia, what are you doing?" my mother asked.
"Would you all please let me do this my way?" I said, now seriously tired of all their chirping. "If I want to have a dance with my stud, I will have a dance with him."
I led him out from behind the sofa to the area without a rug. I kicked off my high heels, the tile cool under my feet. He followed my lead, removing his shoes. He had no socks, which surprised me, but his feet were nice and clean, which I appreciated.
The music was pumping. I started to sway my hips, raising my arms. Beau started to move with me, stepping side to side. He was very cute as he danced. He had good rhythm, but he looked a little silly, which I liked. We shared a grin, taking encouragement from each other, and we both started dancing a little goofier.
And then he astonished me. He held up one finger. I paused, and he took a step back. First, he opened his jacket and took it off, tossing it over the back of a chair. Then he started dancing on his own, moving his arms and legs. He moonwalked and then spun around and went to the floor, using his hands and legs to do a crawl, followed by spinning his lower body, throwing his legs into the air. He finished by spinning around on his back, slowing and striking a sexy pose on his side. Then he leapt up onto his feet again.
"Daaamn!" Quinn said. "Beau boy has some moves!"
I was clapping and laughing. "Ah, you're amazing!"
"Aw, heh," he said, if you could call it speaking, but then he closed his mouth.
The song finished, and my mother called, "Can we get on with this now?"
I rolled my eyes. "Mother, do you have a dinner date? Am I holding you up?"
"No, but I---"
"Then hush and let me have some fun, please."
My mother closed her mouth, and I danced with Beau for another song. I didn't want to dance apart anymore though. The way he moved really warmed me up to him. I wanted to feel his energy. I danced closer.
Quinn was dancing and grooving in her seat, moving her arms and head to the music. She really was such a good best friend. I'm glad she didn't get up and join us, but she made me feel like I wasn't the only one in the room having fun.
I turned around, moving my butt in front of Beau's crotch. Dancing like this in front of my mother would normally mortify me, but I wanted to mortify her, wanted her to see me dancing dirty, rubbing up against this guy. I wanted her judgement, because she had facilitated this night, and how dare she judge me for dancing with a man she and my aunt had handpicked to have sex with me? In comparison, dirty dancing was clean.
Beau's hands found my hips. He surprised me as he started dancing closer too, bumping and grinding up against me. It excited me more than I thought it would. He really was adorable, even though I couldn't see his face properly. I was even starting to crave a kiss. Not like earlier, when I thought kissing him would just make me comfortable enough for sex. No, now, I really wanted to kiss him.
"Oh, so this is how you dance, Virginia?" my mother said.
"This is normal dancing, Aunt Diana," Quinn defended me.
"Normal for your generation, maybe," Olivia said.
"This is really going on for quite some time," Diana said.
Nana laughed. "Oh, it's fine if it makes it easier for her."
The song finished. I took a breather. I could see Beau was breathing a bit heavier too. I think we'd both become a little turned on by all the close dancing. But I wasn't ready for sex yet. The next song started, but it didn't suit me.
"Quinn, can we have something a little slower?"
"I gotcha." She skipped a few tracks. "How's this?"
It was a slow romantic song, all about love. Love wasn't exactly the theme I wanted, but it would do. I came closer to Beau, giving him a welcoming smile. I put my hands together around the back of his neck, and he held my waist. We started to move together.
"This is the last song," my mother spoke up.
"I quite agree," Olivia said.
I rolled my eyes a little, but I ignored them. They were exhausting. I put them out of my mind and then put my head down on Beau's shoulder. He was the perfect height for me too. We fit together so well.
I felt his hand slide up my back and go back down. I thought he might grab my butt, but he rubbed my back again. It calmed and comforted me. I turned my head inward so my face was in his neck. I smelled his skin, taking in his cologne.
"Thank you," I whispered so softly I wasn't sure if he even heard me.
To my complete shock, he whispered back, "You're welcome." I think it was an accident though, because his entire body went solid, but then he started swaying again and whispered. "Sorry." And he was silent again.
I saw an opportunity, but we only had a few minutes before the song ended. "Talk to me, please," I whispered as soft as I could, my nails pressing into his shoulders. "I'm so scared of what comes next. I don't know if I'm ready."
He didn't answer me, didn't speak.
"Please, Beau. Please, whatever your name is, talk to me."
He led me in a turn as we danced, his back to my family.
"Ginny," he whispered softly, "you are so beautiful."
I couldn't believe it. He was really talking to me. He even called me "Ginny." And he thought I was beautiful?
"Thank you," I whispered. "Tell me you're nervous about this. Tell me it's not just me."
"It's not just you," he whispered. "I'm nervous too, but I promise I'll go as slow and gentle as you want."
I bit my lip. "I hate the idea of having sex with someone I don't know. I feel so... used."
"Me too," he whispered. "I'm not used to casual sex, but with you, it feels all right."
I swallowed the lump in my throat. He did make me feel better. I liked that I wasn't going to be a conquest for this guy. I liked that we were in this together. But I wasn't sure I believed him. "What's changed?"
"You. You're amazing."
"Why? Because I'm pretty, now it's not awful anymore?"
"I already knew you were pretty. It's more than that. I like your style. You're adorable and fun, and I wish I could take you on a date tonight instead of this."
I gripped him tighter, my fingers on the scruff of his neck, sliding into his hair. "Me too."
"Excuse me?" my mother spoke up. "Did I hear something over there?"
I lifted my head. "I told him thanks for the dance. Calm down." I put my head back on his shoulder. "Take me on a date right now, with words. Sixty seconds and this song is over."
He breathed in my ear. "I love Central Park. I'd take you for a long walk, see the trees in bloom, give us a chance to talk."
"Mmm, I like that," I whispered. "And then?"
"Street food."
I almost laughed out loud. "Cheap date?"
"I love street food, walking, talking, eating, the birds chirping for scraps, dogs sniffing at your feet. You'll feel like royalty."
I smiled. "Wow."
"I guess you'd prefer a five-star restaurant."
"I like our little date so far. What next?"
"I'll take you to the top of the Empire State Building. I love the view up there, the whole city, especially at night. It's the best, and you can always find discount tickets for 20 bucks."
"I've never been up there," I said.
"Now you have. Nice view, huh?"
I smiled. "It's great."
"It's the perfect place to kiss a beautiful girl like you."
I lifted my head from his shoulder and looked into his eyes.
The song ended.
"Okay, enough dancing," Diana said.
I knew our conversation was over. I said, "I liked our first date."
He smiled but didn't respond.
Oh, to hell with it. With my arms around his neck, I pressed my lips to his. He pressed back, our mouths opening and closing hungrily. His hands held my lower back as he pulled me in. I could hear my mother and aunt shouting somewhere far away, but I didn't care. Our tongues met, our lips wet and our mouths full. I liked kissing him. I wasn't expecting that. I thought the first kiss would feel forced, but I was so turned on now. I could feel my body flushing.
My mother grabbed my arm and yanked me back. "What are you doing? Didn't you hear me?"
Nana was laughing. She slapped her leg. "I knew she was going to do it."
Olivia grabbed Beau and scolded him. "What the hell are you thinking? I said no kissing!"
She pushed him back to the sofa.
My mother was in my face, barking at me. "Why do you ignore every scrap of instruction I give you? Is it to deliberately upset me?"
I growled with my hands on my hips. "Tonight is about exploring my sexuality. Would you stop critiquing everything I do? I told you I was going to kiss him, and I did. So what?"
My mother and aunt started yapping in their usual ways. Quinn jumped in to defend me, which earned her the wrath of her mother. Poor Beau kept his hands and knees together, his shoulders hunched and his head down. Nana leaned forward and clapped loudly.
"All right, enough!"
"Mother," Diana said, "would you back me up here and tell her there's no kissing in the ceremony?"
"Oh, Diana, if the maiden wants it, sometimes there is kissing," my grandmother said, looking at me. "And she wants it."
"Mother!" Diana said.
"Hush," my grandmother said. "Ginny, if you want to kiss the boy, kiss the boy, but don't become attached. It will make it harder in the morning, you understand?"
I nodded. "I understand."
She brushed her hands together. "Diana, Olivia, sit down and let the girl have her way. It's her ceremony."
My mother sat back down, shaking her head. "Well, I don't agree, but I've said my peace."
My aunt sat beside her, crossing her legs. "For the record, I told the boy he wouldn't be kissing. Did you consider maybe he doesn't want it?"
I came over and sat on the sofa next to Beau. This time, there was no room to fit anyone between us. He sat up straight and turned to me. I put a hand on his knee.
"I'm sorry, Beau. I didn't consider that. Is it all right if I kiss you tonight?"
His lips formed a smile, and without another word, not that he could spare any, he kissed me. When our lips touched, my chest split wide open, and my heart throbbed wildly. Chills ran down my neck, down my spine, all the way to my pussy. I felt my panties start to dampen.
My mother's and aunt's tsks and sighs did not faze me. Not even Quinn whooping and cheering could reach me. I just wanted to kiss Beau, and I did. Our lips danced. I lost my balance and pulled him down with me as I fell. My head hit one of the throw pillows, and his hungry mouth was on top of mine, leaving me nowhere to go. I had my arms around his shoulders. I loved feeling his weight on top of me, the way he devoured my mouth. I knew he liked me now, found me beautiful, craved me. So much passion could not be purchased at any price.
I wanted to please him. I'd never felt that way about a boy before, but I wanted to give Beau pleasure, and it occurred to me for the first time, I didn't know how to. Of course, that's what tonight was for, right? To learn how to please a man, and to learn how I liked to be pleased. And here I was, kissing this guy I didn't know. No, I knew him a little; we'd had our first date; that was enough.
Thankfully, Beau broke our kiss, and I was able to gasp a few breaths. I already missed his hungry lips. I felt on fire, and I wanted sex. I'd never felt so overwhelmed, and I didn't know where it was coming from. My body had betrayed me. I was supposed to be doing this as a reluctant clinical presentation, but I was flushing and opening up to welcome this stranger inside my walls, and God, did I want him inside my walls.
I sat up and reached out for him, taking his head. I wasn't done with him, not yet. I hungrily kissed his lips, my neck stretching, pushing him back this time. He lost his balance and fell back. I leaned into him. My hip hit his pelvic bone. I felt then for the first time what I knew must be there, the tool of my bodily destruction, his cock. But I had to control this situation. I sat back up and pushed my finger into his chest.
"You, mister, are going to satisfy my every desire tonight," I said. "But it's my night, so I'll tell you when."
Beau nodded.
"Hot damn," Quinn said. "I think he turned her on."
"Something finally did," Diana said.
"Good boy," I said, my hand on his chest. "Now let me feel your lips on my neck."
He sat up, eagerly kissing my lips again. I giggled into his mouth. I loved how eager he was. Then his lips moved to my neck, kissing me. It felt nice, his mouth opening and closing on my flesh. My head rolled back, and I took a breath.
"No marks," my mother spoke up. "I don't want you to look like a slut tomorrow."
"He knows not to," Olivia said.
I heard them, but I didn't care. I was too focused on the way Beau was kissing my neck and throat, then my collarbone. I'd never been kissed like this, and I really liked it the longer it went on. Added to that, the feel of his hands sliding up and down my back. I liked it best when his fingertips touched the exposed skin above the back of my dress. His fingers gripped my shoulders and moved across my body. I wanted these clothes off. Instead, I settled for kissing him again, taking his lips from my neck and putting them on my mouth.
"More kissing?" my mother commented, but I wasn't paying attention. I just wanted to kiss my man.
It was my turn to kiss his neck now. I did as he did, kissing his flesh. God, he smelled so good, and not just the cologne he was wearing. Something about his scent drove me wild. I inhaled his pheromones, and it made my pussy throb. I eagerly opened his bowtie and his collar button so my lips could explore his neck.
"Can I leave a mark?" I whispered.
I think he nodded. It felt like a nod. And so, I sucked on his neck, just inside his shirt collar. His skin was soft and sweet. I nibbled on it while I sucked. I wanted to devour him, put him in my mouth and taste him all over. I started to imagine his cock, what it would feel like in my mouth. I couldn't bite it like I could his neck, but I could surely suck it.
I stopped sucking and admired my work, a nice red and purple spot for him to remember me by. I was really starting to enjoy making out with my mystery man. I would have been happy to do this all night, especially because I knew it was infuriating my mother, and that made it so much better.
But I wanted more, even if it would be humiliating. If I had not seen Quinn and Ophelia have sex in front of these same people, I might have just curled into a ball and been too humiliated to ever do such a thing. But I'd known this ritual was coming since I was a young woman. It defined my teenage years, this looming date when I'd have to perform in front of my family, prove I was a woman. Now that it was here, now that I was kissing this man, I finally found that I was enjoying it. I did feel connected to him. We were the actors upon the stage.
"All right," Diana spoke up. "Isn't that enough kissing? Aren't you ready to have sex yet? Goodness gracious, my first time, I was thanking my guests on their way out the door by now."
I turned my head to my mother. "Just because you had a dud for a first time, don't ruin mine."
My mother seemed to fume behind her brows. She was preparing a rebuttal, but my aunt spoke up first.
"We're all very happy you're enjoying yourself, Virginia, but how about we move this into the bedroom?"
I really liked that idea. "All right."
I stood up and fanned my face. I was flushed and hot all over. My stomach was in knots. I needed a bucket of ice to cool down, and going into the bedroom was only raising my temperature. Beau would be between my legs soon, thrusting his cock in and out of me, in front of an audience.
I was the first one in the bedroom, standing in front of the bed. I heard the others speaking somewhere behind me, following. When I turned around, I was pleased to see that Beau had followed close behind me. It once again felt like it was us against them.
He moved past me and stood off to the side as the others came in and took their seats around the bed. Everyone crossed their legs, except Quinn, who had her feet up on the chair and was grinning like a pervert.
"Wahoo, main event!" she said.
My mother glanced at her watch. "Well? Are you ready? We paid the boy for two hours, and you've wasted so much time with this dancing and kissing nonsense."
"Ginny, dear," Nana said, "don't mind her. You're doing fine. Try undressing him. There's nothing sexier than a woman undressing a man. They love that."
I was surprised by the wisdom from my grandmother. "Okay."
"Nana is naughty," Quinn said with a giggle.
"It runs in the family, sweetheart. I remember your ceremony well enough. You were naughtier."
Beau was waiting patiently. I glanced at his clothes. I could see a bulge in his pants. He was excited. Would undressing him excite him even more? I liked the idea. It did sound sexy, and I liked that he would be nude first, vulnerable, while I could keep a shred of dignity before I lost it all and had to undress as well.
"Would you like that?" I asked Beau softly, stepping toward him. I wasn't expecting a response, but I wanted to search his eyes for an answer. "Does it turn you on to be undressed?"
He smirked at me. I put my hands on his chest, feeling the slick fabric of his vest. This felt easy enough to remove. I undid the buttons slowly, one by one. It opened and he turned to help remove it. I tossed it on a nearby chair and continued.
I didn't make much eye contact as I started unbuttoning his shirt. I was still nervous, undressing this man, but I admit I was curious and excited to see him nude. I really wanted to see his cock too. I couldn't help it. I'd always wanted to see a man's cock up close, feel it, touch it, even taste it.
I hadn't really made up my mind if I was going to suck on my mystery date's cock this evening until now. I'd gone back and forth over this lately, if I was the type of girl who would like sucking cock. But now, as I unbuttoned Beau's white shirt, I found I wanted to suck his cock, not only because I was curious what it must taste like, feel like, the experience, but also because as I met Beau's eyes and I saw his trepidation, I wanted to comfort him, thank him, please him for being here for me tonight. Of all the horrible partners I could have had, I really lucked out.
As the white shirt came off, I saw his bare chest, and I stared at him. I put my hand on his pectorals and felt his skin. Admittedly, I was treating him like a toy, but having him shirtless there, and feeling like I owned him for the night, I took my liberties. My hands explored, crossing his nipples, moving down his stomach. He had a nice body, and really nice, toned arms. I wanted to be held in those arms, like he held me when we were dancing. Would he hold me when we made love?
I slid my hand down his stomach to his pants. The buckle was simple and silver. I tugged on the leather and started to open it. I heard my mother comment in the background about how slow I was going, but my grandmother reprimanded her and she shut up. Me, I was focused on that belt buckle and opening those pants.
I needed a better view. I went down on my knees, right in front of him. My eyes looked up at his eyes, the mask obscuring him. I gave him a smile as I held onto the rim of his pants. Then there was the zipper. I took it carefully in between my fingers and pulled it down.
Now, I should say, I fully expected that he was wearing underwear, so the full reveal of his cock would wait until I was ready. But there was no underwear. So naturally I shouted out, "Oh, my God!" when out popped my mystery date's cock. My eyes were saucers as I examined him. He was completely shaved, leaving nothing to the shadows.
"Wow," I said. I let go of the pants and the weight of the belt buckle pulled them down.
"Wow, nice cock!" Quinn spoke up.
"Oh, he's a handsome young man, isn't he? To be young again," my grandma said. "You found a good one, Olivia."
"Thank you, Mother," Olivia said.
"He's too big for her," Diana commented. "She's not going to like it."
I could hardly believe I was face to face with a real cock, but there it was, right in front of me. He was very hard and sticking out. His shaft was thick around, and much longer than I was expecting. The black pants had really hidden his size. The head of his cock was almost heart shaped, completely exposed and circumcised. I don't know how long I stared at it, just mesmerized by his cock skin, by the big heavy balls hanging between his legs, the shaft throbbing every now and then. I was drooling. I could feel my mouth flood. I wanted to taste it, but I was in awe. I didn't know how to move or speak.
"Well?" my mother spoke up. "Are you just going to stare at it all night?"
I didn't even bother to respond. All of my attention was on his cock. I wanted to see his eyes, to somehow ask him what I was supposed to do with it. When I looked up, I found he was looking down at me. His breathing was slow and shallow too.
"Teach me," I said finally. "Show me how boys stroke it."
I'd always wondered how boys actually masturbated. I didn't quite know all of the details, but I was excited to learn from Beau. He wrapped his hand around his long shaft, gripping the skin. He pushed it away from the base, and then pulled it toward himself again. It was a total surprise, because I had always assumed guys just rubbed it up and down or thrust into it or something. I realized then how little I knew about sex.
My pussy was so soaked that it was starting to get a little uncomfortable, but watching my mystery date stroke his big cock in front of my face was so erotic, the swollen head, the long throbbing shaft, the way it pulsed. I wanted to try it, stroke it, taste it, everything. Yes, I had to know what this big beautiful cock tasted like. It was making my mouth water almost as much as my pussy.
"Are you going to sit there all day?" my mother piped up. "Get on your feet. Undress."
I looked up, seeing Beau's eyes and his mouth. I stared at him for a moment. "I want to suck your cock."
"Why?" my mother said. "Trust me, dear, it's a skill you won't need much in life. After you're married, you'll never do it again."
My aunt laughed. "Not all of us agree with that sentiment, Diana. Cock sucking is a talent that can carry a woman very far in life. Let the girl practice, and stop rushing her."
"Yes, hush, Diana," Nana said. "You fussed for weeks that she would run away the moment the boy undressed, and here she is, eager for oral sex. Let her have her fun. She's a woman tonight."
I was glad for the support, but I didn't really need it anymore. I just needed Beau and his big cock. He was all I was focused on now. "Stop stroking it," I told him.
He obeyed me. And his cock was freed, standing long and hard and perfect. My hand trembled as I reached for it. I touched it, feeling its rigid form on my fingertips. I pet it like a cat, from tip to base, and then I brought my hand under it. I wanted to feel those big balls of his too. I'd always wondered what balls felt like. They looked so weird, just skin hanging between a man's legs with something inside.
I was totally shocked when I felt them, how soft they were. I had assumed they would be rock hard, like a leather sack filled with marbles, but they were so soft and tender, and so very smooth on my fingertips. I cupped them and gently squeezed. I'd seen funny videos of guys getting hit in the balls, so I was careful. I looked up, but I didn't see any pain in his eyes. I rolled his balls and then gently tugged on them. He exhaled.
"Beau," I said, "tell me if I do something you don't like, okay? Just tap my shoulder."
He nodded.
"There, see, finally, she wants to learn," Olivia said.
"That's why we're here," my mother said. "But I really thought we'd be done by now."
"Ugh, you two," Quinn said. "Stop talking through the movie."
It was time for me to suck Beau's cock, but I wasn't entirely sure how to do it. Did I just put it in my mouth and suck like a straw? Maybe I'd just start by kissing it and see how it went from there. I wrapped my fingers around the base of his cock to get a good grip on it. I felt it throb, and then I leaned forward and let my lips touch the tip. I kissed it.
His cockhead felt so soft, not hard like the rest of his long thick shaft. I kissed it again, this time just barely opening my mouth and closing it. With my other hand, I touched the tip and gave it a little squeeze. The flesh on the cockhead was unlike anything I'd ever touched before. It was absolutely smooth, like a perfect river stone. It fascinated me. I examined it and looked closely at the piss slit, seeing some juicy precum starting to form. I wanted to run my tongue across it.
I did so, sticking my tongue out and dragging it under his shaft. I wanted more. I opened my mouth and closed it around his cockhead before pulling my lips away. I heard him moan, and I saw his head tilt back for a moment. He liked it, and I loved to hear his approval.
"Ginny," Nana said, "stroke the base of his shaft while you suck the tip. It will drive him wild."
I glanced at Nana, feeling more than a little uncomfortable getting tips from her. "Thanks, Nana."
She gave me a thumbs up.
"Just go slow," Olivia said. "Too much stimulation will set this one off."
I decided to follow Nana's advice. I pulled the skin toward me and opened my lips, feeding that big cock into my mouth. As I closed my lips around it, I had time to savor the taste. Admittedly, the taste was a bit of a letdown. Not that it was bad, it was just skin. There was a certain aroma about his cock I really liked though, a musky pheromone that titillated and excited me.
I kept his cock in my mouth and gave it another tug. My tongue rolled underneath his mushroom head as I adjusted my lips. I knew I was in no way prepared to deepthroat a man's penis. The idea of it actually going down my throat, choking and gagging me, was terrifying. Instead, I focused on just the tip. I gently sucked and licked, and when I remembered to, I tugged on his shaft like Nana told me.
I looked up at Beau with his cock in my mouth. I wished he could talk to me, tell me he liked it, tell me I was doing well, that I was pleasing him. At least he wasn't touching my shoulder. But then he did something very sweet. He put his hand on my cheek. I felt his thumb cross my jaw, and I felt very happy and proud of myself.
"Bob your head a little," Quinn spoke up. "You can't just suck. You gotta move your mouth up and down on his cock."
"You stop helping," Olivia said.
"What? I was in the circle. I'm a woman. I can help."
I had my mouth full so I didn't answer, but I took her direction, sliding my lips up and down on his cockhead, and then I slid my hand up and down his shaft. My rhythm clicked, and I understood now. My mouth and hand together could mimic the feel of a woman's pussy. I kept up the pace, moving my mouth on it, stroking his long shaft while my head bobbed.
Beau was panting now, not speaking but saying, "ahh, ohh," and when I glanced up, I saw he had one hand in his hair. He was so very cute.
His cock was throbbing in my mouth. I was going faster and faster. I suddenly heard a slap, and when I looked up, he'd hit himself. He was gripping his face mask like he was in pain. I stopped sucking and pulled back.
"Oh, my God, did I hurt you?"
Nana laughed. "Ginny, slow down. You're going to make him cum."
"Oh! Oh, right. I forgot."
"I told you to go slow with this one," Olivia said.
I looked at his cock, all soaking wet with my saliva. It was still throbbing. It looked like a blind snake, hunting for prey. I climbed up from my knees, standing in front of him. I stepped forward and hugged him. His cock bent to the side as he hugged me back. His head came down to my shoulder. It was a sweet gesture and I said, "Aww, poor thing."
"Virginia," my mother said, "it's time now. Have sex with him and let's finish this. He's so worked up, you'll be lucky if he can last a minute."
"Very true," Olivia said.
"No, not yet," Grandma said. "He should eat her vagina first. Ginny, sweetheart, have him eat you before you have sex. It will calm him down and get you ready."
"Oh, Mother," Diana said, "do you really think that's necessary? It's already been a long evening."
"Hush, you," Grandma said. "Who knows if her future partners will know how to please her? I want her to experience oral sex before the night is over. I recall after your stud came early, he felt so guilty, he ate you until you came, and it was your favorite part of your ceremony."
My mother went quiet.
I looked into Beau's eyes. I did want my pussy eaten, very badly. I wondered if he'd be any good at it. Then again, I didn't even know what I liked. "Will you?"
He nodded immediately with a smile. I so wished I could see the rest of his face behind that mask, but I guess I'd always wonder.
"Okay," I said with a deep breath. "I guess it's time to get undressed."
I really was loathing this part, being nude in front of my family and having them watch as my pussy was eaten, and then sex. God, it put me on edge. Nevertheless, my pussy was soaked, and I was far too horny to stop now.
"Undress me, please?" I said to Beau. He reached for me. "Slowly and sensually, okay?"
He nodded and went to work. He started with the lacy belt around my waist, untying my little bow. His hands came to my waist and crossed my stomach. I loved when he touched me. His fingers were like fire, warming me everywhere they went, and up they went, along my ribcage, under my arms. I thought for a moment he was going to cup my breasts. I pushed my chest out in anticipation, but he passed them, his fingers coming to the straps of my dress.
He leaned forward and his mouth came closer. Again, I anticipated a kiss, but he passed my lips and kissed my collarbone, right atop my shoulder strap. He slid the strap aside, right to the edge of my shoulder, and let gravity take it down my arm. He kissed my collarbone again, moving toward my neck. I lifted my chin, and his kisses continued, crossing my neck to the other side of my collarbone. His fingers were on my arms and shoulders, touching my skin, sending waves of excitement through my body.
He slid the other strap aside and gravity took it down my arm.
My breasts kept the dress from slipping down. His mouth came toward mine. I craved a kiss, and this time he didn't disappoint me. It was so nice feeling his warm lips on my cold lips. I hadn't realized how cold they were, but I suppose I'd just sucked cock so my mouth was a little overworked.
His hands were busy. He held the fabric of my dress and gave it a gentle tug, pulling it down over the hump of my breasts. Gravity took over while he kissed me, and my dress fell to my feet. The air around me chilled my exposed flesh. I stood in my bra and panties and stockings. Our long kiss comforted me, my arms wrapping around his neck, my fingers gripping his collarbone, focusing on him and not my embarrassment.
His fingers traveled along my lower back. Up and down they went, tracing along my spine. I loved his touch, and I loved that he was going so slow. I paused our kiss to catch my breath, leaning back, staring at his masked face. I was imagining what he must look like again, filling in the gaps. I had plenty of time too, because he was busy fumbling with the clasp on my bra.
"Oh, for goodness' sake, boy," Diana said. "Unhook the thing."
My grandmother laughed. "He's new to this, I think."
My aunt snickered too. "Maybe he needs help."
"Stop embarrassing him," Quinn said.
I was thankful for Quinn, because I felt very protective of my Beau. These three old crows were my burden, not his.
The bra clasp sprung free, and my breasts spilled out. Admittedly, I never got much sun, my breasts even less. My nipples were in dark contrast to my skin, but at least my breasts were perky and fair in size. His eyes were feasting on them hungrily. His hardened cock twitched against my belly.
"You like them?" I asked.
He nodded quickly.
"Will you touch them a little?"
He didn't nod, but he didn't have to, because his hands came around and found them easily enough. He cupped my breasts, and his thumbs crossed my nipples. It made me take a breath and hold it. I loved feeling his hands on my breasts, the way he fondled and stared at them like a boy on Christmas morning. I smiled at him, but I don't think he saw it. And then he looked into my eyes. One finger came to his mouth. He touched his lips and then touched my nipple.
"Oh?" I said. "You want to kiss them?"
He nodded quickly.
"Mmm," I said with a giggle. "Kiss away, good sir."
He bent over, cupping my breast while he kissed my nipple. It felt nice, but it felt even better when he opened his mouth and enveloped it. I looked down to watch him as he started to gently suck on it. His lips pinched my nipple and it drove me wild. I wasn't expecting to like this, but there was a live wire from my nipples all the way down to my pussy, and he'd just flipped the switch. I moaned and held his hair.
"The other one too," I said breathlessly.
He switched breasts, kissing and sucking the other while my pussy begged for attention. God, I wanted to be eaten so badly now.
"Enough, enough," I said. "I want more."
"This boy has certainly managed to bring out the slutty side of your daughter," Olivia said.
"I see that. I hope the slutty side goes back to sleep after tonight," Diana said.
Beau moved his lips from my breast to my mouth, kissing me. I kissed him back, but I was eager for this kiss to finish, because I wanted his lips elsewhere. Suddenly, I found my feet off the floor. He scooped me up and lowered me on the bed.
He crawled on the bed after me. I looked down, seeing that big cock of his hanging as he moved. He came right up to me and kissed my neck and chest. I didn't want to stop him. I just wanted him to go lower and lower faster and faster, but he seemed determined to torture me, kissing my sternum, my ribcage, my belly, my navel. He paused there, kissing all across my tummy, but his hands were busy with my stockings, peeling them down my legs, one at a time.
My baby blue panties were soaked through. I'm sure he could tell. Maybe that's why he had a cute little smile on his face. His fingers gripped the waistline. Finally, he drew my panties down, little by little, exposing my pubic mound. I'd carefully shaved my pussy for this, but I felt so exposed as he took them off and saw my bald, pink and red lips.
I spread my legs apart, my feet gliding on the bed, both of us completely nude. I wanted him to see everything, even if it was humiliating. Of course, most of my humiliation came from the audience. I could only imagine how incredible I'd feel alone with him, without his silly mask.
"What do you think?" I asked him, expecting no response.
All he could offer me was a cocky sideways smile, and then he lay down on the bed, his cock pinned under him, his head between my legs.
"She's going to love this," Olivia spoke up.
"Sweetheart," Diana said, looking at her watch, "don't let him go on too long, just a few minutes, and then start the sex. Nana and I have to get home."
"Oh, don't worry about me," Nana said. "I've got all night."
"You're all interrupting the best parts!" Quinn said.
I looked down at Beau, expecting he'd stick his tongue in me or something, but to my surprise, he didn't. He kissed my inner thighs, little butterfly kisses, while his hands grazed the outside of my thighs, up to my waist, across my tummy, even over my pubic bone, but he wasn't kissing my pussy. I was torn, because I loved the tease, but my pussy was drooling everywhere, and I wanted his mouth on me. My stomach was butterflies as his mouth came closer and closer, every kiss inching toward my pussy. I was getting too impatient. My pussy needed attention now. I had to order him a little.
"Kiss my pussy."
He looked up at me, and I saw a wink behind his mask. Finally, his mouth came close to my pussy. I thought he would kiss it, but then he kissed just above my clit on my pubic mound.
"Do you have any idea what you're doing to me?" I asked him.
I felt his breath chuckle on my warm sensitive skin. My legs were so wide now, my inner thighs would have hurt if my brain could've registered any pain. I was lifting my butt to bring my pussy closer to his face as his mouth hovered above it. He kissed on either side of my pussy lips.
I whined. I'd never considered myself a spoiled child until this moment. Yes, whenever I wanted something materialistic, I got it. It had always been like that. But now, as I was begging for the one thing that I wanted most in life, he wasn't giving it to me, and I loved it. I loved how he kept me waiting, making me anticipate his tongue on my pussy. I had no idea denial could be so amazing. I wanted to suck his cock again, just so I could try the same thing.
Instead of watching him, I tilted my head back, looking up at the ceiling. I took a few breaths and closed my eyes, focusing on the feeling of his lips on my skin. I submitted to him, submitted to the waiting, gave my pussy to him to please or refuse. I'd never felt more powerless, but I'd also never felt more safe. I trusted him, because I knew he wanted what was best for me.
Finally, I felt him kiss my pussy. Oh, it was perfect. I whimpered and kept my eyes closed. I was scared if I looked down at him, he might stop. And then his tongue, his glorious tongue, touched my pussy lips, and I swear I nearly came. I was breathing so heavy now. I had to look. I saw him, his tongue moving across my slit. It dipped between my pussy lips. My whole body shivered. I could only imagine what he must be thinking, this girl with her soaking wet pussy, surrendering to his mouth.
The way his tongue swirled and moved across my clit pushed me right to the edge. I knew I didn't have long before he made me cum, but I didn't want to. I wanted to let him eat me for hours, but I didn't think I'd last another minute. I used to think oral sex was gross, some guy slobbering all over me, sticking his tongue in me. It never felt natural, but now it felt amazing.
"Oh, God, it feels amazing," I said, my body squirming under his tongue. "Please, please, you, you have to stop or I'll cum."
I didn't want him to stop though. Why did I say that?
"I don't want to cum," I whispered, but I did.
"I don't want to cum in front of my mother," I whispered even softer.
That was true. I never intended to cum at all. Of all the many times I thought about this evening, I'd always imagined I'd get under the covers, let some guy have sex with me, and then tell him that's enough, not caring if he came, because I certainly wasn't going to. I had told my mother on more than one occasion the ceremony would be 15 minutes.
Obviously, Beau had changed all that. He'd made me want him. He'd let me fall in love, at least for one night. And he was amazing, so attentive and thoughtful. He continued to eat my pussy, his tongue wiggling around inside me. I'd reached the point of no return. He was going to make me cum, and I didn't know if he'd heard me or didn't care or just knew I wanted to cum.
"I'm gonna cum," I repeated. "I'm gonna cum."
Nothing stopped him. He kept eating my sloppy wet pussy. Then that big, long tongue of his focused all of its attention on my clit, and it was all over for me. I opened my mouth so wide that my jaw hurt. The screaming followed. I'd never had an orgasm this powerful before, and it shook my body to its core. I couldn't keep a breath in my lungs. It was all I could do to gasp and pull in a mouthful of air. It lasted so long, my orgasm just rolling across my body. My toes stretched and curled, my fingers clutched the bed linens, and my head smashed into the pillow.
I deliriously reached for him, taking his head. Thankfully, he took his tongue away from my super sensitive pussy. He began kissing up my stomach. My eyes were still closed as I held onto him, my fingers in his hair. I drew him up. I wanted to kiss him. He was moving so slowly again, kissing across my ribs, my chest, then my neck, taking time to kiss and suckle my nipples, which were so hard and sensitive now.
I was still panting like a dog, legs splayed, imagining what a fool I must look like, especially to my family. His arm slipped under me, and he held me. Finally, his lips found mine. I kissed him passionately, inhaling through my nose. He smelled of pussy, and tasted of it as well. I liked it, loved kissing him. I wrapped my arms around his waist and held him close. His strong arms held me as well.
"They're kissing again," I heard my mother say.
"And hugging an awful lot," Olivia said. "Can't say I've ever seen a ceremony go this way."
"Everyone's a little different, I suppose," my grandmother said. "She'll have a lot of trouble forgetting him in the morning."
"That's exactly what I'm worried about," Diana said. "Virginia, come on, let's finish this up."
I sighed and looked at my mom. "If you need to be somewhere, go."
"It's already been an hour and a half, and, yes, I do have to be somewhere. I expected this to take thirty minutes, and I still have to get your grandmother home."
"You are ruining my night," I said to her. "You can go."
"I'm not leaving until that boy takes your virginity."
"Ginny, sweetheart," my grandmother said, "have him put his penis in you now. After cumming, it will feel divine."
"But I'm sensitive, Grandma."
"Trust me, sweetie."
I looked at Beau, seeing his eyes. "Will you put it in me, slow and gentle?"
He smiled and then kissed my forehead, and I felt safe again.
"Don't forget the condom," my mother said. "Learning how to put one on a man is important."
"And make sure you use lots of lubrication too," Olivia spoke up.
Beau climbed up on his knees. I looked down and saw his big cock sticking up in the air. I was nervous as he got into position. I opened my legs to give him plenty of space, my soaked and slobbery pussy looking red and chewed. But then he took my hips and moved me so I was in the center of the bed. I looked at him and realized he blocked the view of my family at the end of the bed. I don't know if he planned it that way, but I felt much more comfortable, like it was just the two of us.
I grabbed the condom that had been set out on the end table, as well as the bottle of lube. I sat up, looking down at his big cock. I bit the condom wrapper and opened it, spitting out the corner. I'd read the instructions on these a dozen times, and practiced on bananas at home, so I was ready.
I grasped his cock and put the condom hat on it. I pushed down, and realized it was upside down. I smiled sheepishly at him. He had a silly little smirk. I turned it around and pushed again, but it rolled back up. His cockhead was very bulbous. I had to stretch the sides of the condom to get it over his cockhead.
"I can't see, did she get it on?" my mother asked.
"Yes, she's fine," Quinn said, who had the angle.
As the condom rolled down, his cockhead broke through the tip where I'd stretched it.
"Damn it," I whispered. I discreetly pulled it off and slipped it under the blankets. I only had the one condom ready, and I didn't want to ask for another. I looked up at him. "Can we... you know?"
He brought his finger to his lips. "Shh."
"Thank you." I was glad. I didn't want the condom anyway. I wanted to feel his big, beautiful, raw cock inside of me, skin to skin. I lay back, stretching my body, my legs so wide. I just wanted him inside me. I whispered, "Don't cum, okay?"
He winked at me. I watched as he took his cock in hand, the tip pointing at my pussy lips, and rubbed it with lube, getting it ready. Then he held his other hand out to me, resting it on my tummy, palm open. I was surprised when he mouthed the word, "Ready?"
I reached out and took his hand, holding it. "Ready."
Yes, I'd been penetrated before, by my fingers, by my hairbrush, and a few other things I'm not proud of, but as Beau's cock pressed forward and opened my pussy lips, forcing its way inside of me, I felt utterly divine. I looked down and watched it disappear inch by inch. I had no idea where it all went, but I could sure as hell feel it. Beau's cock felt so alive inside of me, not lifeless like everything else I'd put in my pussy. It was hot and throbbing with a heartbeat, touching me in places I'd never reached, thrusting into me with a power I'd never possessed.
The sensitivity of my pussy after having just cum drove me wild. I was moaning like an animal, grunting and sweating and humping against him, so I could take more cock each time he thrust into me. At some point, I was aware my family was clapping, declaring that I was a woman, but I could hardly focus on the words. They had moved to stand around the bed to get a better view of me getting my pussy pounded by Beau's amazing cock.
I kept my eyes on Beau. I reached out to his neck and drew him down. Our lips connected as our genitals smashed into each other. I wrapped my legs around his waist, locking him in place. He hungrily devoured my tongue. I ran my fingers through his hair, holding him.
"You're amazing," I said in his ear.
"Oh, Ginny," he whispered in my ear. Hearing him say my name brought my mind and body in sync, filling me with pure pleasure. My family would just have to wonder why my smile was so big.
His mask dug into my cheek when he kissed me. I hated it. I wanted to rip it off so badly and see his gorgeous face. I knew he must be gorgeous. My aunt would not have picked some hideous man for me, and even if by some chance she had, everything else about him was perfect, and I would've still found him gorgeous.
"Try some other positions, sweetheart," Nana spoke up.
"Mother," Diana said, "I don't know that we have time for that. I told Jonathan I'd be home before 10:00, and it's already 8:45, and I still need to take you home."
"Oh, you'll be late. Hush already. Ginny, sweetie, have him turn you around and give you a proper shagging on all fours."
"Huh?" I was a little out of it from all the sex. God, I wanted them to disappear. "Do you all have to crowd around the bed?"
"Yeah, don't crowd the queen," Quinn said. "Back to your chairs."
I unlocked my legs and lost my breath as Beau slid his cock out of me. I looked down at that long shaft of his, slick and wet with all my pussy juices, standing straight and true. I was exhausted, but I climbed up slowly. I didn't want to have to look at my family, so I turned around on all fours with my head in the pillow. I felt so humiliated as I stuck my ass in the air, my hot pussy feeling every little change in the air temperature around me. God, I could only imagine what Beau was thinking of me. I once again wished we were alone, but that would never happen.
I felt his cockhead touch my pussy lips. Thankfully, he did not ram it into me. He rubbed the tip up my slit and back down a couple times, and then he slowly started to push into me. I moaned into my pillow and bit it. My eyes got wider and wider as he continued to penetrate me, going deeper than he had been before. I sat up, arching my back, looking over my shoulder. "Fuck!"
"Language, young lady," my mother said.
"Oh, God, you're in me so deep," I said to Beau.
His hands were on my hips now, holding me steady. And then he started to drill me, pumping his cock in and out, his pubic bone smashing into my butt, driving his cock like an impossibly huge nail into my body. I lifted my head and howled like a dog. I absolutely hated that I loved this, because it was by far the most humiliating thing I'd ever done, getting absolutely fucked like a dog. Fucked was the only word for it. It was pure carnal sex, and it felt amazing, but I also missed the connection of kissing Beau while he was between my legs, looking into his eyes, holding him.
Yes, having him pound my pussy on all fours was amazing, but I knew instantly I preferred face-to-face sex. I needed, wanted his love. Then I felt his hand run up my back. He stretched to reach my shoulder. I turned and he was just able to stroke my cheek with the back of his fingers. It felt a little comforting in an otherwise emotionally empty way of being fucked.
"I want on top," I said. "Take it out, please?"
Beau withdrew his cock from me, and I groaned as my pussy emptied. I missed him.
"What now? Why did they stop?" my mother said.
"Let her experiment to see what she likes," my grandmother said.
Beau lay on his back, that big slick cock of his in the air again. I climbed up, straddling his thighs, and that's when my aunt noticed he wasn't wearing a condom.
"Wait, where's the condom?" Olivia said.
"What? He's not wearing one?" Diana said.
Before they could say anything more, I took hold of Beau's cock and aimed it for my pussy. I slid down his long pole, taking him deep inside of me. I groaned from the pit of my stomach as he filled me up. I settled on top of him, my hands on his chest.
"Young lady, what the hell are you doing," my mother said.
"I'm having sex," I said as I started to grind on Beau's cock. My legs were already tired, and my pussy was hyper sensitive. I wasn't going to have energy for more sex after this. I wondered if I could cum again. I wanted to try.
"You're having unprotected sex!" my mother said, now standing beside the bed.
"It's fine," I said, looking only at Beau. "He can pull out when he's ready to cum. Can't you, Beau?"
He nodded a little, but I could tell from the way he was breathing and the way his eyes were foggy, he was focused on the pleasure I was giving his cock. His hands were on my hips, and he was grinding up into me as I pushed down onto him.
"You are playing with fire, young lady," my mother said.
"Sit down," I said dismissively. "I'm 18, let me enjoy myself."
My mother went back to her chair. "Mother, say something," she said to Nana.
"If he cums, take her to the clinic in the morning and get her a pill. I had to do that for you more than once."
"Mother!"
I leaned down and kissed Beau again, looking into his eyes. I liked feeling close to him. He put his arm around me, hand on my back, and kissed me. He kept his other hand on my hip, helping to rock me on his cock. I wanted it faster and deeper. I lifted one leg so my foot was flat on the bed, and I pushed myself up and dropped back down. We groaned in to each other's mouth, and then we found our rhythm, him thrusting up into me while I lifted and dropped down on his cock. Soon, we were humping each other and panting on each other's faces, our lips hot and wet with kisses, our tongues tired.
"Will you rub my clit?" I said breathlessly. "Please, I'm gonna cum again."
He reached down, his hand in an awkward position as our bodies kept crashing together. When his thumb found my clit and stroked it, it sent fire up my spine. I slowed my grinding and lifted up to give him greater access to my clit. I was right at the edge. My eyes rolled back, and I came again.
"Oh, God, yes!" I said. I started humping again as I came, screaming in pleasure. What I said next, I did so out of delirium, or so I'd tell my mother later. "God, Beau, I love you!"
I kissed him as my orgasm rolled over me and started to subside. I could hear my family chattering behind me, but suddenly Beau pushed me off. It was so shocking and sudden, I thought I'd hurt his cock, or upset him with what I'd said, but a second later, I saw him explode. Cum was spitting everywhere, and I heard him speak.
"Ahh, fuck, oh..."
I smiled as I watched his cock throb and spew. I reached for his shaft, wrapping my hand around it. He cringed and sucked in a breath. I gave his shaft a nice stroke, and he sighed in relaxation, his head falling back. I continued to gently pump his cock as the last of his cum squirted out.
I looked at his face, still obscured by the mask, hoping to catch his eyes, but they were closed. I waited, hoping they would open so I could see him. He looked at me, finally. I gave him a warm smile. He returned it and exhaled another deep breath. I released his cock.
I was now very aware of how naked I was. All of my previous inhibitions in front of my family were at least fueled by my hormone-driven brain. I grabbed the blankets, and I pulled them up over Beau and me. I lay in the bed beside him, putting my head on his chest and my arm around him.
My mother was immediately in my view, standing beside the bed. "Just what are you doing?"
"Coming down. What do you want? Go already if you're in such a hurry. Please, go to your party or meeting or whatever you have that's so important."
She looked at her watch. "Why don't you get up and get dressed? I'd like to speak to you about everything before I leave."
"Mother, please, just let me rest a little. I'm tired. We'll talk tomorrow. And I want a shower."
"I don't have time to wait for that."
"Then go, please. Quinn and I are sleeping here tonight, remember?"
She huffed. "Fine. We'll talk tomorrow, bright and early."
"Great."
"But I don't like what I'm seeing, you cuddling next to this boy like that, what you said."
I rolled my eyes. "Oh, stop."
"You, boy, get up and go."
Beau started to sit up, but I grabbed him. "No, he is staying until I'm ready to get up. I'm not done with him yet."
"You have more to do?"
"I want to relax for a few minutes, which is becoming impossible with you chattering. Go, please."
My mother huffed and threw her arms up. My aunt stepped forward.
"Virginia, I paid this young man for two hours, and it's already 10 past. It's not fair to keep him longer. And I promised him a ride home."
"Oh," I said, feeling thoroughly embarrassed to be reminded that Beau was here for money, not me. I rolled off of him and sighed, my head on the pillow. I held the blankets to my chest, covering myself, watching him.
"Come on, Beau," Olivia ordered. She was holding out a white plush robe. "Leave the tux. I'll have someone collect it tomorrow and return it to the rental company."
He sat up slowly. I realized then I would never see him again. This was it. And I couldn't even say goodbye properly. I felt so empty inside as he climbed out of bed and wrapped himself in the robe. He looked over his shoulder and our eyes met for one second. That was it, that was our goodbye, a glance.
One by one, everyone left the bedroom. I heard my mom fussing over my grandmother, telling her to wear a coat. I assumed Olivia was off paying Beau for giving me a good fuck. Quinn had left too, but she returned a moment later with a soft robe. I slid it on and tied it around my waist. She sat on the chair next to the bed.
"You okay?"
"Yeah," I said taking a breath. "Guess it's over."
"Did you have fun?"
"Yes, a lot."
"Yeah, it looked like it. I'm really glad."
"I'm kinda bummed," I said. "I didn't even get to say goodbye or thank you."
"So, go say goodbye and thank you," Quinn said.
"He's still here?"
"He went into the other room to dress, I think."
"And to be paid by your mom?" I said.
"Well, I assume."
"I feel cheap," I said.
"Why?" she said. "He's the one getting paid, not you."
"I don't know," I said with a sigh.
"Go say goodbye."
"I shouldn't," I said, rubbing my face. "It will just complicate things."
"So what? Give him a hug. I gave my guy a hug goodbye, remember?"
"That's right, you did."
"So, do you want to?"
"Yes."
I climbed up, my bare feet cold on the floor as I hurried out of the room. My mom and Grandmother were at the door. Olivia was waiting outside the guest bedroom.
"Where is he?" I spoke up.
"Getting changed," Olivia said. "Why?"
"I want to say goodbye and thank you."
"Must you?" Diana spoke up. "You should go back into the bedroom and wait until we've gone."
"No, I want to say goodbye," I said defensively. "Can't I?"
"Oh, it's fine," Nana said. "A woman needs a little closure."
The bedroom door opened, and Beau stepped out, still wearing his stupid mask. I had hoped he might take it off. He was dressed now, but unlike the tux he was wearing earlier, he now wore jeans and a t-shirt with a small coffee mug over his heart that said "Free Coffee." He held a jacket under his arm.
We met eyes again. I couldn't help but stare at him, to take in this memory of the last time I'd ever see him, the man who took my virginity and gave me this incredible night.
"Um, hey," I said, waving stupidly. "I, I just wanted to say thank you. It was a really nice night. You, um, really showed me a nice time."
He smiled at me but didn't speak. I hated that he was still mute. I felt like the night was over. Couldn't he take off the mask and say, "You're welcome"? Hell, I'd have settled for anything. Just speak to me, damn it.
"Can I give you a hug?" I said nervously. I felt like he was off the clock now, and I had no right to hug him without permission.
He stepped toward me and his arms opened. I was relieved. His arms came under mine, wrapping around my back. I felt his rough mask scrape my cheek, but I held our hug for as long as I could.
"Thank you," I said again.
I wasn't expecting him to say, "you're welcome" or "goodbye" or anything, really, and I certainly was not expecting him to whisper something into my ear, but he did. With his back to my aunt and my mother and my grandmother, I felt his lips close to my ear. I had to strain to hear him. I almost thought I'd imagined it.
"Same time tomorrow, Bethesda."
I was reeling. I wasn't entirely sure I understood him, but it was too late to ask him to repeat himself. He broke the hug, smiled at me, and then turned away. My aunt beckoned him along. My mouth failed me, and I was unable to call him back. I didn't know what to say or how to stop him.
"Wa-wait," I said, but the door closed, and he was gone. I stood there alone in this luxury suite, staring at a closed door.
"Minibar time?" Quinn said.
I spun on her. "He spoke to me!"
"Huh?" she said.
"Just now, he said, 'Same time tomorrow, Beth.'"
"He called you 'Beth'?"
"I think so. Maybe he was confused about my name."
"Seriously?"
"Wait, wait, he said something else. It wasn't Beth. What was it? Oh, my God, I forgot the word he said. It sounded like Beth though."
"Bethany?"
"Yeah, no, something like that. God, why didn't I ask him to repeat himself?"
"What did he mean 'same time'?"
"I don't know!"
"Okay, relax. It doesn't matter what he said or meant or anything. You're never gonna see him again."
"I mean, yeah, I guess."
"What do you mean you guess?" she said, taking a step toward me. "Never, right?"
"I wasn't going to, but then he said that. I think he wants to meet again."
"Okay, okay, let's stop right there," Quinn said. "It's not going to happen, okay? Ever. Right? Say it."
I took a deep breath. "Yeah, you're right. It's not going to happen."
"Ever," she said.
"Ever," I repeated. "But what do you think he meant?"
"Some things, we'll just never know."