WHO AM I -- CHAPTER 2

''Look at her pussy, said Raghu putting his fingers into my cunt,'' it's completely wet ". He started fingering me harder. Now I could feel all hands, all over my body exploring every inch of me. I could feel a finger up my ass also and two cocks on my palm which I started feeling it up. I couldn't pretend I was sleeping anymore and I opened my eyes.
They found out very soon that I was just pretending to sleep and also was not drunk but they were too busy to question me. That night I was fucked one by one by those body builder type 4 men with their big cocks, I was fucked in my pussy, I was fucked in my ass and I was fucked in my mouth and by the time they left my whole body was bruised and both my holes were paining like anything and cum was flowing from them. My mouth had taken most of the assault and my nipples were also paining. In short I was gangbanged in all respect and had not spoken a word during the whole ordeal. The Leader of the gang was humiliating Raghu, '' Behanchod ( Slang in Hindi Language) you said she can take more than 10 men, look at her condition, unable to take 4 men also. Saale ( Slang in Hindi Language) you say anything. She is a meek cat not a tigress.
After those guys left I lay there on the floor for many hours in the same condition. Clearly my plans to catch the culprits had backfired and I ended up with a swollen pussy. Raghu and Laltu were besides me and they felt sorry for me. They took me to the bathroom and washed me dressed me and fed me up. Raghu and Laltu was telling me again and again that since I was not drunk and out like last time, the gang had an upper hand, only if I was drunk more it had not happened, but I was in no mood to listen. They were still of the view that I can satisfy hundred men.
Six month passed and everything was back to normal again and I had forgotten the incident like a bad dream, and forbidden Laltu to ever mention the incident again and I was back to previous self.Raghu also had left the job and another watchman had taken over the job. Everything was same again, except when Rajesh tried to be intimate with me and I knew it will never be the same again with him.
Then the day came when my father in law was to visit us. He used to visit us once a year. And he loves special biryani that I usually cook whenever he comes to visit us. I went to market to bring all the special ingredients that I put into my biryani. I had some other shopping's to do also. My husband was at office and Laltu had gone to pick my Father in law from the railway station and I wanted to do some quick shopping before they return.
As I was coming back from the market, it started raining heavily. The point where I had left the auto rickshaw was 200 m from my home, and I had only got down there to take fresh fruit and as soon as I had bought the fruits, the downpour stated. I ran to my apartment but the down pour was so heavy that it completely drenched me by the time I reached my apartment. My blouse was completely wet and I could feel my bra getting wet slowly. I could also feel my panty getting wet and can feel rainwater touching my pussy I was carrying shopping bags in both my hands and has breathing heavily by the time I reached there. The new guard was standing there. A short man he was, his face was directly at the level of my boobs. He was notoriously short for a guy, barely crossing 5 feet and when I was standing in front of him. Due to a short dash I almost crashed my heavy boobs in his face. At the moment his eyeballs were almost out of their sockets as he stared at my breast. Most of my midriff was wet and exposed as my pallu hung carelessly over my head and he was having an eyeful of my heaving boobs and my deep navel just inches away from him. It was the first time he was seeing "so much" of me, but I was too tired to cover myself as I stood holding a bag in each hand.
I somehow managed to get past him and I could feel his eyes on my wet butts till I climbed the stairs. I was shocked to realise that I had dropped my house keys somewhere in the market and I cursed myself for that. I knew that Laltu has the other key so I somehow managed to take my phone out and called Laltu only to find out that he is also stuck somewhere there in rain along with my FIL. He promised to return as soon as the rain subsided. I could do nothing and cursed myself with some choosiest word. I was contemplating, what to do next when the next door neighbour Mukhtarji opened his door and found me standing there. He had heard me talking with Laltu and offered me to come inside his house and wait for Laltu there. I had no other option than to accept his offer.
I had known Mukhtarji since I had shifted to Delhi. He is a retired defence personal living there with his wife Sabanaji and a young daughter jiya. I was close to both Jiya and Sabanaji and I knew that both Sabanaji and Jiya were not there as they were gone for few days to attend a weeding. I also knew that Mukhtarji was to accompany them soon.
I asked Mukhtarji upon entering his house when he will be going to the wedding and he replied that he will be leaving tonight. I kept my bags on the table and I was so drenched that it was making the floor wet.
''You are completely drenched'' he seemed concerned and then he went inside. He came back with a saree, blouse and a petticoat (Indian Dress). "Here change into these. These belong to Sabana and I hope it fits you." Please change before you catch cold. Bathroom is over there". He showed me the way. I noticed there was no panty or bra, as I knew that both my bra and panty was completely wet and I need to change them also, but I was too shy to bring that up. I managed a smile and collected the clothes from him and quickly headed for the bathroom.
It was a small bathroom and I hung the new clothes on the hanger and removed the wet saree. I looked around for a place to put it and decided against putting it on the floor as I could wear it again once it is dry. I hung it on the bathroom door as the door height was less and there was big opening between door top and lintel.
Soon I was naked and I had put all my clothes on the door opening along with my wet bra and panty. I took a hot shower enjoying every bit of it and dreamily lathered myself with the liquid soap and bathed for a long time. When my fingers reached down there, I closed my eyes and touched myself there for a while enjoying the sensation. I started to dry myself with the little towel and was amused that Mukhtarji had given me just a hand towel to dry myself. I saw all my wet clothes disappearing from the door top and before I could say anything he said that he is putting them up in the drier so that I can wear it soon.
I dried myself up and started to wear the clothes given by Mukhtarji and I was shocked to find the blouse way too small to fit me in.Sabanaji was way too small and thin and there was no way my heavy boob and butt could fit into her blouse or petticoat. The saree was also too transparent and I felt uncomfortable wearing just that saree. I waited there thinking what to do contemplating weather to ask Mukhtarji for some other clothes of Sabanaji but I knew that neither her nor Jiya clothes will fit me, so after giving it a thought I came out wrapping just that Saree.
Sighing to myself I opened the bathroom door and walked tentatively towards the living room. He looked at my direction, stunned for a moment, then said "wow, that suits you very well", while he was eyeing me from head to toe his gaze stopped a wee bit longer than necessary at my nipples that was clearly seen behind that transparent pallu. I covered my breasts with my hand, instinctly turning back only to hear a loud gasp from him. Then I realized about my butt. The transparency of that saree showed more of my butt that it hid and my butt crack was almost visible. In horror and in complete hurry to cover everything with my hand, the knots of saree loosened and the whole saree got unwrapped by itself and before I realized and could do anything about it the saree was lying on my foot and I was completely naked in front of Mukhtarji.
And at that instant my father in law and Laltu, upon seeing Mukhtarji 's open door, and anticipating that I may be inside walked in.
And at that moment I had bent down to pick the clothes, with the door exactly behind me and sensing someone at the door, I turned my head to take a glance. I saw there, right there, my FIL standing there too shocked to say anything, looking directly in my eyes. I also got so shocked that I stayed there, in that position for a long time, my mind unable to comprehend anything. There was pin drop of silence and no one said a word as all was shocked.
After few minute I straightened myself without picking the saree, walked straight out of Mukhtarji 's house completely naked as if in a stance, waited there for Laltu to open the door, walked again in Mukhtarji 's house to pick up the bags and then went straight in my bedroom and lay on my bed. I remember my naked boobs and butt swaying and bouncing heavily and all six eyes following them closely. That naked short walk right in front of my Father in law aroused something inside me. My father in law came inside my bedroom after 15 minute thinking that it will give me enough time to cover myself up, but he found me lying there in the bed on my back with my legs wide open with juices flowing from my pussy........
To be continued.......
.