Morning
Suddenly I awoke from an intense dream. My pussy was on fire and the bed was so drenched I thought I had peed in my sleep. My dream was incredibly real and ever so hot and slutty. I could almost feel the men's cocks pounding every hole in my body and coming all over my face, and even deep into my mouth. It scared me because I am not that kind of woman. I am happily married to my childhood sweetheart, Larry and the thought of having sex with multiple partners never entered my mind. Well, almost never. I remember fantasizing about being gangbanged when I was much younger, but when I got married to Larry, I banished those thoughts from my mind... until today.
As I lay in bed, I could feel the tingling in my pussy. My nipples were hard and sensitive and my throat was dry. I put my hand on my pussy and started stroking my clit and in only a few moments, I could feel another orgasm approaching. I stroked myself faster and faster and in moments, my pussy erupted with a burst of liquid. My hips thrashed and my whole body shuddered with the huge release I had just experienced... for the first time in my life.
I had heard about squirting orgasms from some of my lady friends, but had never experienced one until now. I was, as the line goes, dazed and confused by this sudden turn of events. I could feel something awakening in me and it scared me. I don't want to turn into a slut, but I realized that I could easily release some more of the sexual tension I was feeling by making love to Larry.
He was already up and dressed for work as I slid from bed. I quickly brushed my teeth and drank some water to take away the dry mouth and then walked into the kitchen. I walked up behind him and gave him a hug and let my hands slowly descend to his crotch. I started stroking his cock and felt it get hard quickly. I unzipped his pants and pulled his cock out then slipped around Larry and knelt in front of him without ever letting go of his now rigid sex. I slipped his cock into my mouth and put my hands on his buns and pulled him deep into my throat.
I had never deep throated him (or anyone else) before, but somehow my body knew how to take him all the way down until my chin was touching his balls. I held him deep in my throat for what seemed an eternity without choking. I could breathe through my nose and his cock wasn't so long that it cut off my air, and having him completely in my mouth felt both intimate and slutty at the same time.
I started stroking his balls with one hand while threading my head back and forth on his cock. In just a few minutes, he started groaning and pounding my throat and I knew that an orgasm was on the way, but what happened next was another surprise. As soon as he shot his first spurts down my throat, I pulled his cock from my mouth and aimed it at my face as he shot load after load all over me. It covered my cheeks, my chin, my throat, and my eyes and even decorated my raven colored hair.
I wiped his cum off my eyes and looked up at my partner with a sheepish grin. He looked down at me with a look of amazement and said, "Wow! What the fuck got into you, girl?"
I shrugged my shoulders and looked away from him and said, "I don't really know. I just woke up from a very intense dream and knew I wanted to make love with you."
"What was the dream about?" he asked.
I hesitated and thought about not telling him or making up something. I worried about telling my husband that the dream about being ravished by many men made me unbelievably horny. I stood up and walked into the bathroom to see myself in the mirror. He followed me with a strange look that expressed both lust and concern.
He looked at my cum-covered face and said, "That was the most intense orgasm I have ever had. If dreams made you that horny, please tell me what I can do to help you dream more often."
I turned to look at him with my face still dripping with his cum and said, "Be careful what you ask for, my dear. Let me think about it and we can talk over dinner. You have to get to work and I have to clean myself up. And no, I am not going to kiss you with your cum all over my face."
I gently pushed him out of the bathroom and closed the door then turned back to the mirror to study my face again. I reached down to my cunt and started stroking myself again. I pulled my short nightgown over my head, and with my free hand, I started taking finger full loads of his cum and wiping it on my tits and tummy. I could feel another orgasm building when the doorbell rang.
I thought it must be Larry coming back to demand an explanation, so I walked to the front door stark naked with cum still dripping from my hair and body and one hand rapidly stroking my pussy. Without thinking, I pulled the door open and said, "Come back for another load?" But it wasn't Larry.
Staring at me with a deer in the headlights look was a 20-something hunk wearing a UPS uniform and holding a package. He stared at me for only a moment and then flashed me a sexy smile and said, "How did you know?"
I froze. I was flabbergasted and embarrassed. I felt my face turn bright red and I stammered, "I...I... I thought you were my husband!"
Without missing a beat, he said, "He's a lucky man. I saw him heading up the street with a giant shit-eating grin. He gave me a big smile and even flashed me a thumbs up as we passed. So I guess I will have to take his place."
With amazing confidence, he stepped into the house, closed the door, unzipped his fly and pulled out the biggest cock I have ever seen. Now I haven't seen all that many cocks in my sheltered life, but his was certainly huge and it kept growing as I stared at it. I looked at his smiling face, then at his massive cock and felt my pussy heating like never before. As if in a trance, I dropped to my knees and kissed the head of his cock. It twitched as I kissed it, and a tiny bubble of liquid seeped from its tip.
I took the first few inches into my mouth and felt my cheeks stretch. He gently rocked his hips in an invitation to take him deeper, and I pushed my head further down his dick. It started pressing on the back of my throat and I could feel my throat relax. I didn't have to do anything. It's as if my throat remembered what to do and how to invite his cock even deeper.
He started pulling out and pushing inward in slow rhythmic strokes. With each stroke, I could feel him go deeper and my lips got closer to his balls. I started adding to the pressure of his stroke and speed up his rhythm as his cock sunk deeper and deeper down my throat.
"You are amazing, girl! Nobody has ever taken me as deep as you have, and I have had lots of blow jobs."
I pulled him out of my mouth, looked up at him and said, "How many?" Then I returned to sucking him even deeper. Amazing both of us, my lips were soon at his balls, and my tongue was able to lick his nuts with each deep stroke. As he fucked my mouth, my pussy was getting drenched. It started shouting to me, "What about me?"
I pulled his cock out of his mouth, stood up and turned my butt to him and said, "Fuck me hard, kid. Do it now."
He didn't need to hear any more. He pushed me towards the back of the couch, bent me over and slid his pussy stretcher into my cunt. I was so wet that he didn't have to inch his way in. In just a few strokes, he had impaled me to the full length of his sex, and started pounding it into me.
I could feel another orgasm building in my pussy with each stroke. As it built, I could feel the pressure in my cunt building to a massive explosion. Just before I erupted, I rolled off him and onto my back on the floor as my cunt let go with a stream of nectar that flew most of the way across the room. I drenched the back of the couch and even managed to stain the curtains. My body was shaking uncontrollably as the stream continued in multiple massive pulses. The shaking continued for several minutes as I lay panting on the floor.
"You are one hot bitch, lady" my fuck buddy said to me. "Your husband is one lucky guy!"
I looked at him with a glazed expression and said nothing. My fingers played with my clit as my eyes took in the whole of his amazing cock. "How long is it?" I croaked. I could barely speak, but somehow I needed to know the size of the weapon that had just assaulted me.
"It's 9 ½ inches long and the same size around. I hope it didn't hurt you." His eyes had a mixture of pride and concern as he stroked himself. "Ready to finish me off yet?" he asked.
I slid myself to a kneeling position and wrapped my hand part way around his cock. It took both hands to fully circle it with little finger length left over. I slid it slowly into my mouth and learned the taste of my own pussy juice. It was rather pleasant and I found myself wanting to taste more of it... and of him.
I accelerated my pace until I was traveling up and down his cock, bouncing my lips off his belly with each stroke. Before long, I could feel him start to twitch and he grunted, "Cumming... don't stop!"
I was in no mood to stop as I started pounding him deep down my throat. In moments, I could feel his load leaving his balls and headed out of his cock, but this time instead of pulling out, I kept pounding. I felt a rush deep in my throat as he unloaded. I pulled back a little so I could take him in my mouth and taste his cum and he kept on throbbing as my mouth filled. I tried to swallow it all, but a few drops slipped out of my mouth and lined my lips. I held him in my mouth as his dick kept twitching. Slowly I slid him deep into my throat and back out again as his cock softened and drained its last drops. I looked up at him and he smiled at me and then winked as he pulled his cock from me and stuffed it back into his pants.
"Thanks, sweetie. We will have to do this again sometime," he said with a wink. "Duty calls," and he left.
I was in a trance with conflicting feelings running through my body and my mind. I had made a shambles of my marriage vows, fucked and sucked a total stranger, had the most intense orgasms of my life and taken two different cocks deep in my throat. And the morning was still young. I felt a glorious sense of release and a deep feeling of guilt. I wanted more but felt utter shame about what I had done. My body was alive and my brain in turmoil.
I walked into the bathroom and looked at myself in the mirror. The woman looking back at me was in her mid-thirties with an attractive face, chestnut brown hair that fell to just below her shoulders, nice c-cup breasts with erect nipples. She was about 5'11" and weighed 146. She had long beautiful legs and a well formed hour glass figure. Her pussy was covered with hair and her hair was covered with cum. All in all, a very pretty woman who didn't really look like the slut she became this morning.
I stared at the image in the mirror and realized that I liked the feelings I was having about my body and that I wanted more. I looked at my hairy bush and decided to take another stretch outside my comfort zone. I stepped into the shower and soaped myself thoroughly but only rinsed my hair lightly. There was something decadent about leaving the cum in my hair.
I picked up the razor and shaved my arm pits and my legs... and my twat. A bald pussy smiled at me as it emerged from its hairy hiding place. I played with my clit and then stuck one finger then another into my cunt and masturbated myself to a gentle after-shock orgasm, then got out and dried myself off. I found a simple print dress that buttoned up the front and put it on. Some simple sandals completed my outfit. I examined myself in the mirror and unbuttoned a couple buttons on both the top and the bottom of my dress, just enough to show some cleavage and some leg.
I grabbed a big floppy hat, my sunglasses and my purse and headed out the door. I got in my car not knowing where I was headed and found myself headed out into the country to a large nature preserve with lots of walking trails. I parked the car at one of the trailheads and started walking through the woods. The sun beat down on me and amplified the warmth still radiating from my pussy. As I walked, I unbuttoned a couple more buttons to let the summer air caress my body. After about 15 minutes of walking, I came across a simple bench looking out over a small tree-covered valley. I sat on the bench and let the sun soak into me. One-by-one, I unbuttoned the rest of the buttons on my dress until it was wide open and I could feel the sun soaking into my body from top to bottom.
My hand drifted to my pussy and started gently stroking myself and I drifted off into a semi-dream state. As my fingers twiddled with my twat, I could feel yet another orgasm starting to build, but this time I was in no hurry. I let it build very slowly for over 30 minutes until it was finally ready to erupt. I reached deeply into my cunt with one, then two and then three fingers and found that spot that was the gateway to a massive orgasm and then erupted in a giant squirt that flew upwards in an arc and watered the plants a dozen feet away.
As my body convulsed with the huge release, I heard a woman's voice say softly, "Sweet. That was very sweet." Startled, I grabbed my dress and pulled it around me and looked for the source of the voice. Standing in the trail about 10 feet away was a beautiful woman about my age, but only about 5' tall. She had a small body but disproportionately large breasts. She was wearing very tight shorts, hiking boots and a sleeveless t-shirt that was cut off just below her boobs. The effect was very sensual. This lady clearly enjoyed her body and wanted others to admire it too.
"That was totally awesome," she said to me. "You made me so hot that it was all I could do to keep my mouth shut and just watch. May I sit down with you? My name is Penny. What's yours?"
I was still shaking from the combined effects of my orgasm and my surprise and shock at being seen in a very personal act, but Penny was so warm and open that I felt myself relaxing just a bit.
"I am Megan, and you surprised the heck out of me," I said. "This has been a day full of surprises."
"Well, seeing a beautiful woman masturbating next to the trail and squirting what looked like a record breaking cum shot is not something I see every day, so I guess you could say I was a bit surprised too. Want to tell me about your other surprises?"
I looked at her as I buttoned up my dress wondering if I should tell her about my day. She seemed safe enough but I was hesitant to open up to a complete stranger.
"I hope you don't mind, but I feel the need to relieve myself," she said as she stood up and dropped her shorts. Underneath she was wearing a bright red thong that had only the tiniest patch covering her cleanly shaved pussy. She leaned back in the bench and started stroking her pussy with one hand and her breasts with the other. She looked directly at me as she was pleasuring herself and asked, "Want to join me in another round?"
I was mesmerized with her brazen openness and could not take my eyes off her. I sat transfixed just watching her. She put on hand on my leg while stroking her pussy with the other and gently stroked my thigh. I could not resist her strokes, and truth be told, I didn't want to. What I wanted was to kiss her boobs and even her pussy. Startled with this awareness, I felt another flash of guilt, but her gentle hand on my thigh brought me back to the present moment.
I looked her directly in the eyes as I reached down and unbuttoned the bottom buttons on my dress so that she could touch my skin. One by one, I opened each button until my dress fell wide open again. Her strokes moved to my inner thigh and then to my pussy and then to my clit. I felt a flash of electricity as my clit felt the first touch of another woman. I leaned back and spread my legs to open myself to her. We smiled at each other as she knelt in front of me and gently kissed my clit. Her tongue was magic. She seemed to know exactly what my clit wanted. We maintained eye contact as she licked me and I felt my body beginning to tingle with the early signs of yet another orgasm. Apparently she could sense this because she stopped her tongue caresses and stood in front of me. She reached for my hand and placed it on her pussy. She gently guided my fingers into her cunt and taught my hands to pleasure her. I could feel her moistness growing and wanted to help her find her own orgasm, so I pulled her to the seat and knelt before her. I spread her legs and dropped my head to her legs. Although I had never had any form of sex with another woman, my body knew what to do as I kissed and licked her inner thighs and slowly centered my attention and my lips and tongue on her wide spread and totally bald pussy. I started licking her lightly at first and then more rapidly. I placed one finger in her cunt and found the spot that seemed to light her fire. My first finger was followed by two more as she started rocking her hips.
"Fist me, Megan. Stick your whole hand in my cunt." She said as she spread her legs wide and pulled them up to her shoulders. I pulled out my three fingers and then entered her with my whole hand and started fucking her with my hand. In moments, her hips were bucking and she was moaning as she pulled my hand out and pulled my face to her wide open cunt. I stuck my tongue in and she erupted with a huge flow of her love nectar that drenched my face, my hair and my whole torso. I opened my mouth to drink from her fountain and managed to get several big gulps before she pushed me away and let her body thrash with the post-orgasmic release.
"Holy shit," she said. "Holy shit. Holy shit, she said over and over again as she slowly came down from her orgasm. "You surely know how to make a woman happy," she sighed. "Where did you learn that?"
I looked at her with a sheepish grin and shrugged my shoulders. "What?" she asked. "Aren't you a lesbian?" Her question landed on me very hard because I had never even thought about making love with another woman. Like the rest of today's events, it just happened.
"I don't think so," I replied. "You are the first woman... the only woman I have ever had any sexual contact with, and I am very conflicted and confused about all this?"
"You're kidding me, aren't you?" she queried.
"No, not at all. In fact before this morning I had never fucked anybody except my husband, I had never taken a man deep in my throat and swallowed his cum and I have never had a squirting orgasm. It has been a day of firsts, but it has me rather dazed and very confused about myself."
"Girl, you and I need to talk," Penny said as she stood up. "Button up and let's go have a couple drinks and get to know each other."
We dressed silently while we stared deeply at each other and then walked out of the park hand in hand. As we got to my car, she turned to me and pulled my head to her lips and gave me a full bodied passionate kiss, and I found myself reciprocating with passion. "What have I unleashed," I asked myself.
Noon
I followed Penny back into town and she led us to a trendy bar and restaurant where we had a lunch and a few (less than five) Pina colodas. As we talked in rather hushed tones about today's adventures, I learned that Penny is a 34 year old mother of two, divorced and with occasional visitation rights. Apparently her husband caught her in bed with her husband's best friend, not once but twice, and that put a bit of a frost on their relationship. I also learned that Penny weighed 107 pounds, 7 of which she wears on her chest. And yes, they are natural, and very intoxicating. Ever since puberty, she has been a sex magnet for boys and girls alike and her boobs act like giant search lights saying "Look at me! Don't you want to play with me?"
For many years, Penny was embarrassed by the size of her breasts, but as she made it into her mid twenties, she came to see them as a tool she could use to her advantage. She loves sex and she had seduced many men (and women) to get what she wanted, and now was quite well off and happily single and bisexual as well.
She asked me about my deepest fantasies and I recalled my dream from the morning. "Would you like that dream to come true?" she asked, stroking my arm seductively.
I looked at her and pondered her question. "What about Larry? I don't want to harm our relationship, but the thought of fucking several guys at once makes my pussy heat up. Any ideas?" Well, asking Penny if she had any ideas about how to get a man to enjoy watching his wife become a raging slut was like asking a junkie if he wants a fix.
"A few," she said with a wink and a mischievous smile. "Let's start by getting some new clothes. And I know just the place. Let's drive to my place and you can leave your car."
We paid the tab and drove to her apartment where she changed from her hiking clothes into something "A bit more comfortable." She wore a micro miniskirt with a zipper up the front and a tube top that molded itself to her body and left little to the imagination. I could see her nipples trying hard to escape.
We drove to a store I had never seen before. It specialized in very sexy dresses. It was not Victoria Secret, but it had better quality outfits. A tall slim woman in her 40's strode towards us with a walk that was all hip motion and very sexy. "Hello, Penny darling," she said with a gentle peck on Penny's cheek. "And who is this lovely princess before me?"
"Hello, Charlotte. This is Megan who has had quite a day of awakening. We want something that will say, "Fuck me you fool or the next man I look at will, in both her size and mine."
"You want the same dresses?"
"Not exactly, but the message has to both fit our bodies and be blatantly clear".
Charlotte cupped her chin with one hand and stripped me naked with her eyes. Then a knowing smile lit up her face and she said, "Come with me, Penny. I have something that will suit you to a T. She led me to the back of the store and told me to enter a changing room while she hunted for the item she had in mind. "Get undressed, darling. What I have in mind is rather daring."
She returned a few moments later and said, "Now close your eyes and I will dress you. I don't want you to see this until you can look into the mirror. I closed my eyes and raised my hands so she could slip the dress over my head. It felt open and airy, but I had no idea of what it looked like until she turned me to face the mirror and said, "OK, now behold the Princess of Passion."
I opened my eyes and beheld a bright red dress that was more air than fabric. The front was split to just below my navel and held together with laces. And the front and back were completely separate and connected with laces that ran from just below my pussy to just below my boobs. And the insides of my boobs were clearly visible. Since a picture is worth a thousand words, I will spare you a long description and show you a picture of me in the dress.
Penny apparently knew her way around the store because when I walked out of the booth, she was standing in front of me in a black see through dress that hid nothing. It went to just below her waist and the top looped over her neck. The dress was completely transparent. Her boobs shone through the black fabric like twin searchlights, and only the tiniest of thongs hid her pussy. She was so delicious that I wanted to take her right there.
"What do you think, Megan? Will this get Larry's cock hard?"
"If it doesn't, then must be gay. You are so hot that I want to fuck you myself!"
"Let's get something we can wear to do some shoe shopping at the mall," said Penny. We picked out a pair of micro mini-skirts and very loose blouses that would gap open if we leaned forward. The arm holes were very oversized so that most of our boobs were visible from the side, and would become fully visible if we leaned forward. We put the evening dresses into a shopping bag along with our other clothes, then paid and started to walk out the door. "Wait a minute," said Penny as she turned and walked over to Charlotte. "Thank you again my muse," said Penny to Charlotte. Penny gave Charlotte a big kiss and a quick hug then turned to me and said "Let's have some fun."
We drove to a nearby mall that had several show stores and started at one end with the full intent to flash our way through the entire mall. We walked into the store and picked chairs that faced directly towards the mall traffic and waited for a sales clerk to show up. While we waited, we crossed and uncrossed our legs and checked out the view from the mall by examining ourselves in the reflection from the store's windows. Our clean shaved snatches were clearly visible when we uncrossed our legs, so we figured the sales clerk would get an even better up close and personal view.
It wasn't too long before a young girl who couldn't be much over 16 came up and asked us how she could help. Penny said, "We want some high heeled fuck me heels in black and red."
Our sales clerk blushed as she heard Penny's outlandish request and said, "I think I had better ask our store manager to help you," she said as she shuttled quickly to the back of the store. A moment later, a tall, buff 30-something man appeared with a smile. He looked directly at Penny and said, "Suzie is a sweet naive virgin and I suspect she may stay that way until she dies, but I think I know what you want. Let me get your sizes. He found that device they use to measure foot sizes and knelt in front of us to get our measurements. We each had to stand up for the device to work right, and as Penny stood up, she made it a point to step very close to him and spread her feet about 18 inches apart. Our sales dude followed her movement and found his face less than a foot away from Penny's bald beaver. She stepped closer to him until her pussy was inches from his mouth and said, "Want a taste?"
He reached his hand under her miniskirt and quickly stuck two fingers deep into her moist cunt. He took them out and stuck them into his mouth to taste her juices. "Sweet with a hint of cherry," he said as he smiled at me. He looked back to Penny and said, "And you are a size 7 with a world-class attitude. I will be right back, but first I have to check out your friend. "OK, sweetie, let me check you out." I stood up and placed my foot on his measuring tool. I followed Penny's lead and spread my feet to give him a good view. Since I am over a head taller than Penny, he had to raise his head a bit to get closer to my pussy. With a flash of daring, I stepped forward and pulled his head between my legs and said, "Taste me too."
He stuck his tongue quickly into my dripping cunt and took several tastes before I let his head go. "Wow!" he said softly. "You girls are a trip. I would love to take you both on, but I have a store to run and I can't be responsible for corrupting the morals of a minor. Let me get you some shoes and straighten out the kink in my pants. I'll be right back."
True to his word, he was back in a flash and the kink in his pants was straightened. And it looked pretty large too. Penny looked directly at the lump in his pants and asked, "How bit is it?"
Our friend looked at Penny wistfully and said, "Big enough to give you a pretty good ride."
"I bet my friend here could deep throat the whole thing and I know she would love to swallow your cum. No fuss, no mess, no cleanup. Just a convenient way to soften that lump in your pants. What do you say?"
He looked at me and I blushed scarlet. "Penny, you slut. What are you trying to do to me?" I asked with a nervous laugh." She just smiled and nodded her head towards the growing lump in his pants. I looked up at him to see a lustful glaze in his eyes and I knew that I would do it if he would. "Do you have a bathroom?" I asked him. He reached down and took my hand and led me into the back of the store.
"I want to watch and have a couple of tastes," said Penny as she followed us. He led us into the men's room and locked the door then unzipped his pants and pulled out an 11 inch Popsicle. I took his cock in my hand and gently kissed it and licked it. I took the first inch or so into my mouth and tasted the pre-cum that he was already emitting. I took a few more gentle strokes, each one deeper, and then plunged his cock all the way down my throat. It wasn't as thick as the UPS driver's cock was, but it was two inches longer. I could feel it deep in my throat. My throat seemed to massage and caress it, and I started to face fuck him with increasing speed. Penny leaned against the wall watching me and casually stroking her pussy. "You go, girl!" she said. "Fuck that monster. Take his cum in your mouth but save some for me. I want a snow ball from you."
I looked at her as I sucked him off and gave her a quizzical look that said, "What's a snowball?"
"I want you to let him cum in your mouth instead of down your throat, then kiss me and give me half his cum. That way we both get our afternoon protein fix. Got it?" she asked with a laugh.
I nodded my head up and down while his cock went in and out. He put his hands on the back of my head and pulled me towards him and started to rock his hips as he fucked my face with increasing intensity.
"Here I cum," he moaned. I pulled back so that the tip of his cock was still in my mouth and not down my throat and he shot a huge warm load of cum. He kept on fucking me until he had pumped half a dozen loads into my mouth and his cock was starting to soften. He slowly pulled it out of my mouth and put it back into his pants as Penny knelt in front of me and said, "Let me have it all!"
She dropped her head beneath mine, then looked up at me and opened her mouth wide. I held my mouth over hers and let the cum drip from my mouth to hers. When she had it all, she looked at our sales dude and opened her mouth and showed him his load. Then she turned back to me and signaled for me to be the receiver. She kissed me directly and we swished her cum load back and forth, swallowing a bit of it on each pass. When we let go of our lip lock, we turned to him and opened our mouths to show him that we had swallowed it all.
"You are a couple of nasty sluts, but you can shop for shoes in my store any time you want. And now I gotta go." He unlocked the door and stepped out and said, "Be sure to lock it if you want to play with each other for awhile."
Penny and I looked at each other and burst into a spasm of laughter. We hugged each other and kissed passionately, our tongues searching each other's mouth for remaining drips of cum. We decided it was time to move on, so we walked out of the store with a wink to our unnamed sales dude with the 11" cock and headed out of the mall to Penny's car.
It was a hot day out and her car was like a furnace when we got in. We immediately rolled down the windows and Penny drove us out of the parking lot and back to her apartment. On the way back, I lay back in my seat, put my feet on the dashboard and masturbated softly. The sexual tension in my body had me shaking, but I didn't want another huge orgasm, at least until later. As we drove along a large four lane street, we passed a large pickup truck and the driver spotted me masturbating and gave us a honk and a big grin. We came to a stop light and he pulled up next to us and gave me a big grin. "Need any help?" he asked.
I smiled back at him and mouthed, "No" as I frigged myself gently. As the light turned green, I felt a sweet orgasm and my pussy dripped all over the passenger seat and the back of my dress leaving a big wet spot on each. "Did you just cum on my seat?" asked Penny.
I gave her a sheepish grin and a guilty shrug and said, "Well, I guess I will have to make it up to you somehow."
We drove the rest of the way in silence and when we got to her apartment, she said, "I have to make some phone calls, but here's my plan. You call Larry and tell him you want to have dinner with him at the Oxford Grille. Book and pay for a large room in the hotel. You show up in your new dress and take your time with Larry. He will have lots of questions, but the big one will be what does this mean about your relationship. You have to assure him that you have just had a sexual awakening but it will only enrich your relationship together.
"When you are finished dinner, go to the bar and find a booth in the back corner. When the music starts, dance with him and make sure to play with his cock while on the dance floor. Men think with their dicks, so you will literally have him by the balls.
"I will show up around 9:00 with a couple of friends in tow. You and I will recognize each other as old but distant friends. I will ask you to dance with me. Then one of my friends will cut in and I will ask Larry to dance with me. He will be so mesmerized with my tits that he will be all over me on the dance floor, and I will be all over him, too. And my friends will not ignore you either. And when the time is right, we will adjourn to your bedroom and fuck like fools. What do you think?"
I was still in a bit of a trance, but I liked her plan. She dropped me off at my car and I got in and fired up the air conditioner and headed for home, my head buzzing with a conflicting pile of emotions and my body tingling with sexual excitement.
Afternoon
On my way home, I called Larry and told him I want to go out for dinner and that I would meet him at the Oxford Grille at 7:00. He asked what the occasion was and I told him to remember that I had an intense dream this morning and that I wanted to share it with him. I told him to remember how he left me this morning and said that I was as horny as I had ever been in my life. I told him that if he wants to get the fucking of his life, he should stop asking questions and show up at the Oxford Grille ready to party. I heard him breathing on the phone and I could swear I could hear his dick brain saying, "Dude, shut up and show up!"
As I hung up, I realized that I had not made dinner and hotel reservations, so I called the Oxford Grille and made dinner reservations for two, then had them transfer me to the front desk where I reserved a room with two king sized beds.
Now that the logistics were handled, had about four hours to make it to the Oxford Grille and decided to pamper myself. I called a massage salon I had used a number of times before. They have a number of expert massage therapists of both genders and I asked if they had anybody available in ten minutes. They said that the only person available right now was a new therapist named Sandy, so I asked them to book me and made a quick turn to head for their salon.
When I got there, I was escorted to a room by the receptionist who told me to undress and get on the table. I put my clothes on a chair, lay face down on the table and pulled the sheets over me. A few moments later there was a discrete knock on the door and Sandy walked in. I was expecting her, but instead, she was a he... a very buff and delightful looking man in his late 20s with long blonde hair and a soft, sweet voice.
We talked for a moment before he pulled the sheet off my back and started with long gentle but firm strokes up my back. He squeezed my shoulders and started to relieve some of the built up tension I was carrying from my crazy day and then he pulled the sheet off one leg and started a long stroke with both hands that started at the top of my back and ended at the tip of my toes. As he passed my butt, the outside of hand slid along the crack in my ass and continued down the inside of my legs. It felt wonderful and I let out a gentle moan as he repeated the stroke several times. He then took my foot and tenderly explored each toe and pressure point on the bottom of my foot. He raised my leg at the knee and massaged my calf with his gentle but powerful hands. He dropped my leg back on the table and then started to stroke the back of my leg from my ankle to my ass. As he reached the top of my leg, his fingers passed oh so close to my pussy and I could feel some drops of moisture percolate from within me. As he continued this stroke, I spread my legs ever so slightly inviting his hands closer. On his next stroke, his hand rode right over my clit and my whole body convulsed with a shudder. My moaning grew as he continued his stroking several more times.
He seemed to know that I wanted him to focus on my pussy because his last stroke stopped with his fingers on my clit and gently stroked it with his fingers. He did not enter me, but I knew that I wanted him to. Instead, he covered my bare leg and uncovered my other leg and repeated his ministrations on my muscles and wound up again at my now quivering quim where his fingers gently explored the outer reaches of paradise. I could feel an orgasm building and my hips started to grind into his hands, but he gently withdrew, pulled the sheet over me and instructed me to turn onto my back. He draped my whole body in the sheet and then started on my neck and shoulders. He continued with each arm and then gently pulled the sheet off my shoulders and stroked my chest, passing close to my nipple and continuing down my belly and then down the outside of my leg and completing with my foot. It was blissful and so sensuous that I felt my whole body moan with delight.
As he repeated this process on the other side of my body, I knew that I had to give him a clear signal of what I wanted or he would tease me to death. I pulled the sheet entirely off me and let it drop on the floor and spread my legs to the edges of the table. He smiled at me and when he reached my foot, started an upward stroke that finished with his hand resting on my cunt. He then took my foot and raised it, bent my knee and stretched my let upward so that my pussy was wide open. He wrapped his hands around my leg at my knees and gently and very slowly pushed them towards my now gaping gash. When he reached the limit of his stoke, he let his fingers explore my cunt for several seconds before he withdrew and repeated the process several more times.
He gently set my leg back down on the table and repeated the process with my other leg. When he got to my pussy again, my hand, guided only by the building passion in my body pulled his hand deeper into my pussy while my hips started rhythmically humping his hand. It didn't take long before another massive orgasm arose from deep in my womb and started searching for escape. He sensed that I was about to explode, he removed his hand and grabbed the sheet just as another giant squirting orgasm sprayed my cum all over the table. My body was wracked with a powerful release and after what seemed like many minutes, the thrashing subsided into a feeling of being totally drained and at peace.
Fortunately for the establishment, the sheet caught almost all of my ejaculation and the room was spared a thorough cleaning. I looked up at Sandy who was smiling down at me and said, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." He just smiled and nodded and said, "Be sure to drink lots of water. You just lost lots of fluid." Then he turned and left the room.
This was the first time in my life where a man had focused only on my pleasure and not on his and I felt a strange mixture of guilt and happiness. I put my clothes back on and pulled a large tip from my purse and gave it to him along with a big hug as I stepped out of the salon into the bright summer sun.
I drove lazily back home, drew a deep, hot bath and stepped into the tub where I spent the next half hour simply enjoying the warm water as I lazily stroked my nipples and pussy. The water slowly cooled and I realized that it was time to start preparing for the rest of the evening.
Once I was dressed in my new red "fuck me" dress and had carefully checked my makeup, I applied the most seductive perfume I had to all the right places on my body and I headed for the Oxford Grille.
Night
I got to the restaurant / hotel at 6:35 and went to the front desk to check in get my room key. The hotel clerk looked at me, dressed in my red dress with all the skin showing and I could see a look of disapproval on her face. I smiled at her, held up my hand with my wedding ring and said, it's my husband's birthday and I am his present. Her disapproving smile faded somewhat, and she took my credit card and gave me two plastic hotel keys.
I went straight to the room to check it out. I called Penny on my cell phone and told her the room number, then I left my purse in the room and headed towards the elevator.
I went to the restaurant and asked to be seated in a remote booth. The young lady looked at me with an envious smile and led me to a booth in the far corner of the room. A waiter showed up moments later and took in my dress, but didn't bat an eye. He asked me what I wanted to drink and I decided to stay with the pina colodas. He asked if I was alone and I told him that I was expecting my husband any moment, and I realized that this would be a good opportunity to order for him too, so I asked for a double Glenfiddich with a twist.
He returned a couple minutes later followed by Larry who was dressed in tan slacks with a blue oxford cloth shirt opened at the collar. Simple and safe, but on Larry and through my lust-driven eyes, he looked very sexy.
Unlike our waiter, when Larry saw me, his jaw literally dropped and he stopped dead in his tracks. "Cat got your balls?" I asked him with a sexy smile.
He burst into a huge grin as he slipped into the booth next to me and gave me a long passionate kiss. "You must have had one hell of a dream," he said taking in my semi-exposed breasts and open sides of my dress. I saw a mischievous sparkle in his eyes as her realized that I had nothing on beneath the dress.
"What has gotten into you, Megan?" he asked. "I have never seen this side of you. You give me the most amazing blow job this morning and then hint about this strange dream. I have been horny all day just thinking about you."
"Well, my love, that's a good thing because I have been thinking about you too and how much I love you. Tell me, darling. What is your most outlandish sexual fantasy?"
Larry looked at me for a long moment and asked, "Are you really sure you want to know?"
"Take a good look at me right now and tell me." I said.
He took a deep breath, looked directly at me and said, "My deepest fantasy is to watch you fuck many other men while I fuck another woman in the same bed, and to stare into your eyes as you take them into your cunt, your ass and your mouth and let them cum deeply inside you. I'm sorry if this shocks you, but you asked."
I looked into his eyes, dropped my hand onto his cock and gave him a passionate French kiss. I continued to squeeze his cock and said, "Well, darling, maybe your dream will come true... tonight."
He stared back at me with a mixture of joy, fear and skepticism and I just smiled back at him. After a few moments, I said, "Trust me. Let's order dinner."
I was ravenous after today's activities, but I was thirsty too. I remembered Sandy's advice and asked our waiter for another round and we each ordered dinner.
The time flew by as we engaged in small talk. Whenever he asked me about my dream and my day, I just smiled and said, "All in due time, my love." He wanted to know, but I wanted to heighten the mystery and let his mind make up whatever story it wanted to. We would get to the debrief later.
After dinner, we moved to the bar and again I found the most remote booth. I stayed with my pina colodas and Larry ordered another scotch and we started to make out in the booth. His hands started to explore my legs and I spread them just enough to let him confirm that there was an open highway to heaven; but I didn't let him enter paradise... yet.
I asked him to dance with me and he willingly accepted. We did several fast dances together and Larry wasn't the only man who couldn't keep his eyes off me. When a slow dance came along, I put one arm around his neck and pulled him close, while my other hand snaked between us and found his zipper. I pulled it down and reached into his pants, navigating past his boxers until I held his naked cock in my hands. I squeezed and stroked him as we swayed together in the middle of the dance floor.
Larry dropped his hands to my ass and started stroking me. His hands moved down to the naked flesh on the top of my legs and then upward under my dress, lifting the back of it as his hands reached between my cheeks and pulled them apart. He couldn't quite reach my pussy, but I am sure that those nearby had a pretty exciting view.
As 9:00 approached, I started scanning for Penny and she showed up right on time wearing something even more daring than the dress she picked this afternoon. A red bikini that barely held her huge breasts and a wrap-around scarf skirt with lots of fringe framed her short, sensual body. And she was accompanied by three handsome young men. As they walked across the floor, Penny spotted me and broke out into a huge smile.
"Megan," she almost shouted, "How are you? Where have you been? I haven't seen you in years. Who is this beautiful hunk you are dancing with?" She gave me no chance to respond and introduce Larry before she pulled me from Larry and gave me a great big hug and kiss. Then she turned to Larry and said, "I hope you don't mind my cutting in, but I haven't seen Megan in at least 10 years and she looks even more beautiful than I remember. You will let us have a dance together, won't you?" And with that, she pulled me away from him and we started to dance together. We danced a couple fast songs and then a slow one. She pulled me close and whispered, "You never told me what a hunk Larry is. My pussy is tingling with the thought of fucking him. How did dinner go? Is Larry ready for this evening?"
"It turns out that watching me fuck several other men while he fucks you is his biggest fantasy!"
"Did you tell him about me?"
"No, I have told him nothing about today. I wanted to let his mind just make up whatever stories he wants and we will talk about the details tomorrow."
"Well, the fun is about to begin. Here comes Hank to cut in and take you away."
Hank walked up and gently tapped me on the shoulder. "Care to let me dance with a beautiful and ever so sexy woman?" he asked as he pulled me away from Penny and into a slow dance. Over his shoulder, I saw Penny walk over to Larry and sit down with him. I could only imagine what they were saying, but judging from the smile on Larry's face, he was happy to meet her.
I felt Hank pull me towards him and whisper in my ear, "Are you ready for this? Are you sure you want to go through with it?" He pulled back and stared me straight in the eyes. I looked back at him, reached down to his crotch and squeezed his cock and stared directly at him. I could feel him start to harden as I smiled and said, "More than ready. Are you and your buddies ready for a workout?"
He smiled back at me and said, "Penny is moving in." I turned and looked where he was looking and saw Penny and Larry dancing together, her giant boobs pressed hard against his belly. We danced over next to them and Larry smiled at me and blew me a kiss. I blew a kiss back at him and then pulled Hank's head to me and gave him a long deep kiss. I looked back at Larry and smiled, then nodded my head towards Penny. Larry got the clue, looked at Penny and then dropped his head towards her as she looked up at him. Their mouths met and stayed together exploring each other while her hands wrapped themselves around his bum and pulled him hard towards her.
Given the height difference (Larry is 6'3"), his cock wound up pressing into her naked belly and above. Penny noticed that Larry's fly was still at half mast. She reached into his pants and pulled his cock out so that its tip was caught between her boobs, then stayed glued to him as they moved around the dance floor. Hank and I danced back to our booth and I slid in with Hank on the outside. Moments later, Penny and Larry joined us. Penny snuggled up to me and said, "Your husband is hot, Megan. Mind if I fuck him?"
Penny was not one to beat around the bush. Although she shocked me with her brazen sexuality, I found it both amusing and refreshing. I looked at Larry and said, "It's up to him, Penny, but if he screws you, I want Hank."
Penny smiled and replied, "How about all three: Hank, Robbie and George?" Larry's jaw dropped as he heard her. He looked at me with wonder, excitement and trepidation and asked, "Are you seriously thinking about fucking three men?"
"No, I am planning on fucking four men. You are included. It is your fantasy, after all."
"Megan, I don't know what to say. Are you this is the right thing to do?"
"Right, wrong, good or bad, it's what I want to do and I want to do it now. I reached across Penny and pulled Larry's face towards mine and gave him a great big French kiss. Penny dropped her left hand into Larry's crotch and started squeezing his cock and then took his left hand and guided it between her legs and straight into her pussy. She pressed his hand into her and Larry pulled back from kissing me and looked right at Penny who gave him a great big smile.
"For a good time, slip out of the booth and follow Megan and me. Or you can stay here and play with yourself. It's up to you."
With that, she gently pushed him out of the booth. I slide out behind her and took Hank's hand and pulled it around my waist. I stepped up to Larry and pulled him next to me so that I was wrapped by two beautiful men and we headed out of the restaurant. Penny gathered Robin and George who had been waiting patiently at the bar and the six of us headed to the elevator.
No sooner had the doors to the elevator shut than Penny turned and dropped to her knees in front of Larry and unzipped him again. She pulled his cock from his pants and drove it into her mouth, taking its full length down her throat. She started slowly face fucking him while the elevator rose to our floor. The doors opened and a Middle aged couple got a shock, but Penny was nonplussed. She just stood up, grabbed Larry's cock and led him cock-first out of the elevator. She looked at the couple standing flat footed before her and said, "He's in training." She winked at the woman, then waltzed down the hall to our room. I followed with my three soon-to-be fuck buddies and we all piled into the room.
Penny pushed Larry onto the first bed, unbuckled his pants and pulled them off. Then she sat on his cock and turned to me. "What are you waiting for, sweetie? I found you three huge cocks with hunks attached. Put them to work!"
Hank and friends were busy disrobing and in seconds I faced three buff young man and three very substantial cocks. I wondered how to begin this process, but Hank was way ahead of me. He guided me to the other bed and pushed me on my back. He spread my legs and started licking my pussy. Robin and George untied my dress from the back of my neck and pulled it down to expose my breasts. Then Robin started on one breast while George ministered to my other. I was getting caressed by three sexy men and I lay back to enjoy it, but only for a short while. Robin stood beside the bed and pulled my mouth towards his semi-hard cock. Larry was lying on his back as Penny rode him and he looked over just in time to see me swallow Robin's cock.
I flipped onto my knees so I could take Robin deeper and Hank slipped behind me and pushed his cock deep into my cunt. I was getting it from both ends while Larry watched and George just stroked himself. Then George lay down on the bed next to us with his cock pointing straight up. Apparently Hank and Robin had done this before because they both pulled out and Hank guided me onto George's cock. It was thick and long and it filled me up completely. Then Hank moved in behind me and guided his cock into my virgin ass hole. Both of them started fucking me and I fucked them back, all the while staring straight into Larry's eyes and smiling.
"Do you like seeing your fantasy come through, my love? Do you like watching your wife's inner slut come out of hiding?"
Larry pulled himself from under Penny and stood in front of me and offered his cock to my mouth. I put my arms around him and pulled his cock all the way into my throat and held him there as I stroked the bottom of his cock with my tongue.
Hank and George started to step up the pace and I started pounding on Larry's cock and I could feel the explosion coming. I heard George start to moan, then Hank and Larry. They were all going to cum soon. And so was I. We kept pounding faster and faster and George exploded into my pussy just as Hank unloaded deep into my ass. Larry went over the edge moments later and I followed with a huge orgasm, squirting a massive stream from my cunt as Larry dumped his load deep in my throat. And suddenly, I awoke from my intense dream, my bed soaked with my own cum.
The end