Even though this is labeled as Part 6, it is the seventh story in Wendy's series. For background, I suggest the reader click on Wendy's name and read the previous stories. I have written some of them, and Wendy has written some. It turns us both on to relive and write about her past escapades. In this series, she wrote the first several stories, which are a collection of some of her escapades, as well as few of her thoughts on exhibitionism. She wrote most of the last one.
Miscellaneous Stories
When we are at home it is difficult for me to find ways to expose myself. I have to be fairly conservative as I don't want to be outed as a hobbyist. Where there is a will, there will usually be a way as the following stories illustrate.
My husband and I went to our local park for a hike on the trails up and down the hills. I wore a pair of blue jean shorts that have no crotch. Can't tell there is a hole there while I am standing or sitting unless I part my legs. The hole is large enough to show my genitals as well as my anus if I am properly positioned.
As we parked the car, there was a man two parking spots over who was facing me. When I got out of the car, I spread my legs wide and reached back inside the car. This gave him a good view of my pussy sticking out of my shorts and spread wide open. Yep, he got the full view.
As I wasn't yet aroused, it wasn't red, inflamed or wet, but it still opened up for him to give him a good view. Within a few minutes, it was wet and I was as horny as a hoot owl. It was a rush showing him my womanhood, and it got me going.
On one of the wooded trails we hike, there is a bench at the top of one of the hills overlooking the valley. This bench has a back on it. I formed a plan to get my husband to sit down on this bench. I would then pull his cock out, suck him to get him hard and then fuck him. I wouldn't have to take my shorts off as my pussy is available even with the shorts on. I would take my top and my sports bra off and would be topless so he could fondle my breasts while I rode him. I would be facing the trail and would be able to see who was passing by about 20' feet away. It was a very dangerous plan with a high potential for being caught. That made it even more arousing. I decided that if a woman was on the trail I would get off of him and sit down with my back facing the trail. If a man was passing by, I would keep fucking my husband with my breasts bouncing to give the man a good view. What a rush!
The bench is about 20 minutes into our hike. By the time we got there, I was as wet as a running faucet. We were standing there looking out over the valley, and I put my husband's hand on my very wet pussy. He was shocked at how wet I was, and thought it was all due to my showing the stranger my pussy. I explained to him that I did get aroused having the man see it, but I had something else in mind.
I would like to tell you that we had sex and three men passed by and got to watch, but alas, my husband was a big chicken. He turned me down. So, I took off my top and sports bra and told him I was going to do the rest of the hike topless, no matter how many people we saw, unless he let me fuck him on the bench. He wouldn't give in, so we took off for the rest of the hike with my breasts bouncing away and nipples erect.
Wasn't long before a guy on a mountain bike came flying down the path. He got a good look at my bare breasts. A minute or so later, his buddy came flying down. He, too, got a view. Then a guy came running by. He took a double look. My husband said, "Don't you really think you should cover them? We are only 11 minutes from our house." I didn't think so at all and was enjoying letting the guys see them. I told him I was going to do the rest of the hike topless because he wouldn't fuck me on the bench. And if he gave me a hard time about it, I would strip off my shorts and finish the hike naked, which I wanted to do anyway.
Even though we were close to our house, we were in a different community and we both were wearing hats and sunglasses. I wasn't concerned about being recognized. People would be looking at my bouncing breasts and not our faces. They were doing more than the standard jiggle; the rough terrain was causing them to have a nice bounce to them. I was loving every minute of it.
A few more men, several women and a couple walked by. Each time I would smile brightly and say, "Good morning." I was totally turned on and my little motor was going so fast I thought it would pop out of my chest. I seriously considered taking my shorts off and going stark naked, but thought better of it.
As we were approaching the end of our hike, I was getting concerned about when I would put my top on. Where we were parked there is a pavilion next to the parking area. We know some of the people who hang out there with their dogs. I didn't want any of them to see me topless. My husband was pissed at me for what I had done. I wanted to get fucked when we got home, but he wouldn't do it now because of his anger over my showing my breasts. I developed a strategy.
I stopped on the trail and put my hands on my hips and said, "I told you I was going to do the rest of the hike topless, and that includes going back to the car past the pavilion. I would like it, but I don't think you would, so I'll make a deal with you. I will put my breasts away if you will give me a good fucking when we get home. I wanted to do it on the bench, but you are such a chicken, I can't have any fun."
"I think you are having plenty of fun, and that you are probably leaking like a faucet," he responded. "But yes, if you put away your tits, I will fuck you when we get home. There are certain situations when I just don't want other men seeing my wife exposed, and this is one of them."
So I covered my breasts and became a decent married woman again. Well, I was married, anyway. Probably not all that decent.
I was really aroused when we got home, so I gave him a good hard fucking thinking about what it would have been like to have gotten caught doing it on that bench, as well as thinking about the man seeing my spread womanhood when I got out of the car, and all of the people who got to see my breasts. It was a nice orgasm.
I like to water my plants on the front porch while naked. My husband said I wasn't brave enough to water the ten or so box woods in front of the porch while naked. Now that is a rush. I can usually hear a car on the road before it gets in front of the house. That normally gives me a chance to get back on the porch and partially hide behind one of the columns. If I am too far from the porch, I just have to freeze like a rabbit and hope for the best.
Bicyclists are a different story, however. I can't hear them and have been caught a bunch of times. My husband sometimes goes on the front porch to smoke a cigar. He says he can always tell which of the bicyclists have seen me naked as they will always look over toward the porch to see if they can catch me again. The women don't look. I don't much worry about the bicyclists as they aren't local.
Our next door neighbor is divorced and has a son who spends some weekends with him. I have noticed the son spending a lot of time outside while I am sunbathing naked. The neighbor likes to cut his grass with his tractor while I am outside naked. There is only one area from which he can see me. He spends a lot of time cutting that section. Occasionally I will subtly spread my legs to give him a better view. My husband says the neighbor has seen me naked so many times, that it no longer does much for him. I don't believe that for a minute! Also, I don't think the son will ever get bored watching me sunbathe. If he times it just right, he can watch me get up and walk in the house naked. So, he gets to see me from the front and the rear. I have a nice rear. I imagine that when I leave, he goes in the house and jacks off thinking about my exposed girl bits. I think of it as a public service: I am giving the son free sex education classes! He starts college in the fall, and he will know the female anatomy when he gets there.
As I have posted in another story, my favorite thing is to have sex at night in hotel rooms with the curtains open and the lights on. No telling how many people have watched my husband and me have sex in the hotel rooms. As a guess, I would say several hundred. I like being the aggressor in that situation and will always fuck him in cowgirl with my business end facing the sliding glass doors or the windows. We often do it while seated in a chair or on the couch with me in the lap dance position (cowgirl).
Another thing I will do when bored is to put on a light colored short skirt or dress, with no panties, and head out to a big box store. Sometimes I go with my husband and sometimes I go solo. If I am lucky, and time it just right, there will be a man walking by as I get out of the car. If solo, I will put my left foot on the pavement, with my right foot on the floorboard of the car. I will reach back with my right hand to get my pocketbook, giving a good spread view to my victim. It's hard, though, to flash like this unless there is a lot of traffic. I have better luck inside the store. I seem to always find something interesting on the bottom shelf when a man is around. Then I will squat down with my legs spread, or legs spread with a knee on the floor. This gives the guy a good look at my womanhood. The light colored material allows sufficient light under the dress so my important parts are well illuminated.
My best score yet was a group of college students getting supplies for a party they were having that night. As usual I became absorbed with something on the bottom shelf and went into my spread position. I was actually talking to the guys about their party while they were staring at my spread pussy only a few feet away. I had already flashed two or three guys earlier, so I was in fully aroused mode—red and inflamed—and was leaking like a faucet. About that time, my husband walked around the corner, saw what was happening, turned around and went the other way. I almost had an orgasm just talking to those guys and letting them get a good look at me. If I had kept it up another few minutes, I would have cum right there. But I wasn't sure about getting off there in public in front of those guys and whoever else might walk by. It would have been very obvious what was happening to me. I decided it would be more appropriate to save myself for my husband.
When I found my husband and told him the rest of the story, he told me I should have asked them if they wanted a naked waitress for the party. Now that would have been a good idea. The whole experience, including the first two or three guys, had me so aroused, my secretions were running down the insides of my thighs. I could feel it squish as I walked. I carry panties with a panty liner in my pocketbook for occasions such as this. A quick trip to the restroom for clean up and putting on my panties had me ready for polite society. As we left the store, I kept an eye out for the guys to offer my services at their party, but, fortunately, we didn't see them.
I am lucky to have a husband who allows me to practice my hobby and even participates with me. He isn't as brave as I am, but he goes along with most of my shenanigans and even makes some pretty bold suggestions. It was his idea for me to wear the crotch less shorts and the miniskirt with no panties, as well as the blouse unzipped enough to expose my breasts to anyone with the right angle (while on vacation). For example, waiters get to see all of my breasts. I make sure to bend over just a bit so they get a good view. And my nipples are always hard when wearing that blouse so it is obvious I am bra less. This is discussed in a prior story. It is one about our wedding anniversary in part 3 of the series. I was really bad that day.
We will be going to the Los Angeles area later this summer. I have a feeling some lucky people are going to watch live sex shows while we are there. First I will walk around in the hotel room naked to draw an audience. Then I will get my husband involved and let the voyeurs watch as we have sex with me on top. Also, I have been thinking that while in LA I will order a pizza and then answer the door and pay for the pizza while naked. Some women wrap a towel around themselves and "accidentally" drop it while paying for the pizza. I don't think I will need to use that subterfuge. I will just go to the door naked and give the guy a really good view.
Over the years I have had a lot of men tell me they wish their wives would loosen up and be as free in showing their bodes as I am. I tell them that won't happen unless two factors are present:
First of all she must be an exhibitionist. I was born that way and think all exhibitionists are the same. She either has it or she doesn't. I think there is at least a little exhibitionism in all women, and most have a lot of it.
Secondly, she must lose her inhibitions. In my case my desire to expose myself overrode my natural and and learned modesty, my inhibitions and any humiliation at being naked in public. All modesty must be left behind when embarking on an exhibitionist career. If she can't do that, she will never be a full fledged exhibitionist. Oh, she may expose herself some under certain circumstances, but it won't be a hobby for her.
On the other hand, I have had several women tell me they would like to do what I do, but their husbands would be appalled if they did. Some say they tried it and got an instant rebuke. Some say they have gotten away with it by making it appear accidental. They have come up with novel ways to show off while making it appear to be an accident.
Others have devised different ways to expose themselves even in the presence of their husbands without their knowledge. One friend of mine wears short skirts and no panties when they go somewhere together. Her husband is the only man who doesn't know she isn't wearing panties! She also dresses that way when she is solo. She says she has probably shown it to 500 men over the years, and her husband doesn't have a clue. He got onto her once for exposing it, so she had to be surreptitious after that. For her it is so arousing to let a stranger see it, she goes home and masturbates after the fact. She says she won't have sex with her husband after showing it, as she doesn't want him to get the benefit of an activity he vetoed. Too bad her husband is so uptight as they could have a lot of fun with it together.
OK, enough of my musings; time to get back to the stories and let my husband tell one about one of our scuba trips. We had many, and most were like this one. Oh, the guys we met liked those scuba trips.
A Scuba Trip
I can't remember when I first realized Wendy was an exhibitionist, but it was before we got married. In the right circumstance, she was free in showing her breasts, nice teardrop shaped C cups. It didn't happen often but when it did, she got a rush from it. Even when it happened accidentally it didn't bother her. For example we would take frequent scuba diving trips. Several times a day on the dive boat, while fooling with her scuba equipment, one of her breasts would pop out of her bikini top. Normally she would put it back in as soon as it popped out, but if she was carrying something, such as her bag or a tank, she would leave it out until she got where she was going, put her load down and then cover her breast.
One of her breasts would almost always pop out while we were loading equipment on the boat from the dock or offloading back onto the dock. So not only did the guys on our dive boat get to see Wendy's breasts, guys on other boats at the marina, and bystanders around the dock, all got to see her breasts as well.
I thought this was happening more frequently than by mere chance, so I asked her about it. She asked me if I remembered her telling me about her breast popping out twice one night during her scuba class at the pool? Yes, I remembered it. I also remembered going on her check out dive with her and seeing the guys in her class who had gotten a look at her breasts. This was early on in her exhibitionism, and I wasn't sure how I felt about other men seeing her bare tits. She told me that on the first day it happened, she had tied her top looser than usual as she was in a hurry and didn't stop to retie it. She found that with a loose tie, one of her breasts would come out whenever she wanted, and sometimes when she wasn't expecting it. It gave her a rush. From then on she tied her top loose on the scuba trips. Sly little thing, that Wendy. By using that one trick alone, she got to expose her breasts to well over 200 men on our various scuba trips.
Later, after she got a new bikini. I began to notice on the scuba trips her light brown pubic hair would be sticking out one side or the other of her bikini bottom, usually on the right side. It was down low enough that I thought she probably hadn't seen it, so I mentioned it to her. She just looked at me, smiled and said, "Can you tell what color it is?"
"Of course I can," I replied, "It's sticking out there for the world to see."
"Good, I like for the guys to know what color my pubic hair is. By the way, as you might have surmised, It's not accidental, I pull it out on purpose."
At this point in our relationship, I had become accustomed to strangers seeing my wife topless and naked, but these were guys we were spending a week with. We would have lunch together most every day and usually have dinner with them at night as well. We socialized constantly, and they got to see her tits several times a day as well as constant exposure to her pussy hair. If we went to a restaurant at the marina straight from the dive boat, she would wear her bikini. Of course her pubic hair was on display at the restaurant as well. Not only did our dive buddies see it, but so did the other customers. And she would usually manage to pop a breast out at least once at the restaurant.
It was a different experience for me to have guys we know socially see her exposed, and I wasn't sure how I felt about it. After I became more accustomed to her exposing herself, and seeing how much fun she had with it, I too, began to enjoy it and later found it arousing, just as she did.
It was probably on one of these scuba trips that she stopped wearing underwear while on vacation. Her favorite top was a thin, clingy fabric spaghetti strap top that left not much to the imagination. She also had a micro mini skirt she would sometimes wear without panties. She didn't do this when we were out with our scuba friends as she would have been almost constantly exposed to our friends. That was too much, even for Wendy.
She had several thin spaghetti strap tops that allowed her high beams to be visible. She had a white one that was semi transparent. Her nipples and aureoles were visible under the fabric. She would wear this top when we were out with the scuba guys. Her thought process was that they have all seen them bare, so this is a conservative look for her.
Wendy had always been rather caviler about letting other men see her breasts, but now she was showing off her lower unit as well. This was usually done at the lake where she was totally uninhibited in her nudity. She was also becoming more uninhibited around our house (when we lived in the suburbs). This was somewhat troubling for me, and I asked her if she thought it was a good idea to walk naked in the living room at night with the lights on. She didn't see a problem with it as she said we had curtains on the windows. I pointed out the curtains were sheer and covered absolutely nothing even when completely closed, which they usually weren't. She mulled that over for a while and then said, "They have all seen me naked by now, so they're used to it. It's no big deal." Well, I thought it was a pretty big deal to me for our neighbors to see my wife naked on a regular basis. After our conversation, she did cut down on the frequency of her trips into the living room. I noticed she mostly did it when she was horny and wanted to have sex. I think this kind of set the stage for her and increased her arousal. As I was one of the beneficiaries of her behavior I learned to keep my mouth shut and let her do her thing.
The Swimming Pool Escapade
After our marriage, her exhibitionism was manifesting itself more and more. At my apartment complex where I had moved after my apartment in the university area, there was a pool by the office/clubhouse building. There was a tall wooden fence around the pool area and two gates on each side of the shallow end area. We were now living in a house in the suburbs I bought a few months before we got married. Sometime after we got married she came up with a bold plan.
Her plan was for me to drive her to my former apartment complex on a Sunday morning when no management people would be in the office, and she would walk naked through the pool area. We started fleshing (no pun intended) out the details. She approached this as if it were a military operation. She had never been arrested and certainly didn't want to start with a charge for indecent exposure, thus the attention to detail.
We picked a Sunday morning for the operation. She thought there would be fewer people in the morning than there would be in the afternoon. Wendy wanted there to be people there, but didn't want a crowd. She was really excited the night before and had a hard time getting to sleep. She woke up even more excited the next morning, had her shower and got everything nice and clean as she knew some of it would be on public display. As it turned out, more than just some of it was on display.
At that time Wendy had a trimmed bush with the hair on her outer lips kept short or shaved so her femininity could be easily viewed. She would usually groom down there every couple of days in order to keep it clean. She never knew when she might have an opportunity to expose herself—targets of opportunity, as she called them. About once a week, she would ask me to shave around her asshole so it would be smooth also. That morning she asked me to shave it for her.
She put on a loose dress and was naked underneath. The dress could be skinned off in a hurry and put back on just as quickly. Her plan was for me to let her out of the car on the right side of the pool fence. The fence couldn't be seen through, so no one in the pool area would know she was coming until she appeared on the inside of the gate. She would get out of the car, walk naked to the gate, go in the pool area, turn to her left and put her toes in the water as if checking the temp and then turn and walk to the other gate where she would leave the pool area and get in the car so we could make our getaway.
The reason for turning to walk to the pool itself is that is where most of the people would be while seated around the pool, and she wanted to give them a good frontal view of her body. She is an exhibitionist after all! She would need to be in the pool area for one to two minutes as that is how long it would take me to back up, drive around the pool and to the parking area on the far side of the pool. She would need to take her time and give them a show. She wore a large hat and sunglasses to protect her identity in case someone was there who knew her from my time at the complex. Also her hair style had changed, and it was no longer straight and long.
On the way to the complex she was excited and ready to get there. The day before I thought she might chicken out, but seeing how excited she was in the car, I knew it was a go. She skinned off the dress as soon as we pulled in the complex drive. I could see her nipples were rock hard. She had wanted to go completely naked, but was afraid the soles of her feet would get burned on the hot concrete so she wore flip flops. As she said, they didn't cover anything anyway. Her feet might as well have been bare.
I pulled into the parking spot closest to the pool, and Wendy got out of the car. She quickly walked to the gate, then slowed down, opened the gate and nonchalantly walked into the pool area. The gate closed behind her, and I could no longer see her. I backed out and drove over to the left side of the pool and took the closest available parking space to the pool. I waited for what seemed like an hour, but wasn't more than a couple of minutes. Then here came Wendy, calmly walking naked out of the pool area. From this side and angle I could see there were a lot of people at the pool. More than we had expected.
She walked to the car got in and was giggling and laughing. "Well, I did it, and the pool was packed. There must have been 50 or 60 people there. I walked in, saw how many people there were and had to make myself calm down and slow down. I walked over to the pool, took my foot out of my flip flop and tested the water. I noticed two cute guys in the pool, so I had this great idea to squat down, spread my legs and touch the water with my fingers. As I did so, I mentioned that it was too cold for me to go in. Both of them were staring straight at my spread womanhood. I thought I would cum right then and there. I held that pose for maybe 30 seconds, and noticed that everyone around the pool in front of me was looking right at my pussy as well. They were getting a view that only a husband should get. I then got up and slowly walked out. I am turned on and leaking like a faucet. How does it look?"
She turned toward me and spread her legs. She was wet, red and inflamed. Her inner lips and her clitoris were sticking out maybe an inch or so from her outer lips. She was right, it was a view that only a husband should get. She was ready to get fucked. I had to suggest to her that she put her dress on. She was so turned on she was giving views to the oncoming motorists. No telling how many truck drivers got the spread view. Finally, she put on the dress and returned to her role as a modest housewife, except she was fingering herself under the dress. I had to tell her to stop as I was afraid she would cum then and there. I wanted the full brunt of her arousal and passion once we got home. And boy did I get it.
The Pool Boy
At our house we had a small swimming pool with a concrete deck around it. We also had a privacy fence that allowed us to sun and swim in the nude. Wendy took full advantage of this feature.
Across the street and slightly up a hill to the left of our house was a neighbor's house that overlooked a portion of the pool area. A single guy owned the house and had a friend of his living there. Both were nice looking. Not surprisingly, Wendy picked the portion of the pool visible from their house to frequently sun herself. She would normally do this on the weekends when the guys were home and on days their girlfriends weren't there. She could tell if the girlfriends were there by the cars in the drive. I noticed she wasn't careful about keeping her legs together, as I thought she should, but would nonchalantly lie there with them open, giving a good view of her femininity. My thing was, if she was going to sunbathe naked, she should at least protect her modesty by keeping her legs together so she didn't gape open.
When I pointed out to her that the guys probably had binoculars and could zoom right in on her private parts, she said, "I hadn't thought about that. I guess if they have binoculars, I have no secrets from them and have probably knocked their eyeballs out a few times." Instead of being more modest in keeping her legs together, it made no difference to her, and she continued to sunbathe with her legs apart, facing their house. I didn't make a big deal out of it as it seemed to turn her on, and I was the beneficiary of her arousal. Plus, we didn't know those guys, so I thought in the overall scheme of things, it was no big deal.
After a year or so of living there, a neighborhood boy, Jeff, asked if he could clean the pool for us. The price he quoted was reasonable so we said yes. He would come over on Saturday mornings and do the cleaning. He had just turned 18 and would graduate from high school in two months (this was early April). He would start college in the fall. A lot going on in his life, and it was going to be even more interesting.
The first time he came over, we were expecting him and Wendy was wearing her bottoms but no top. When he walked through the gate Wendy immediately got up, went in the house and put on her top. Of course he got a good look at her breasts. I'm sure she planned it that way. The next Saturday, she was slower to get up and go inside. The next time we were there when he came to clean, she just left her top off and sunned topless in front of him and talked with him some. I noticed a bulge had formed under his swim trunks and mentioned that to her. "Yeah, I noticed that too. I think he likes me."
A few weeks later, she was at the pool naked when he came over. She said, "Sorry," and quickly went in the house to put on her bikini bottoms before she came back out. By now she was completely comfortable being topless in front of him. Over the next few weeks she would be naked when he came over. Each time she was slower to get up and was more nonchalant in her actions.
After she had been naked in front of him several times, I had to go to the office one Saturday morning. I asked her what she was going to do while Jeff was there and I wasn't. She said she didn't know yet but would tell me about it when I got home.
When I got home, I parked out front and went in the front door. Through the sliding doors leading to the pool I saw my naked wife and Jeff with a semi boner putting his swim trunks on. I thought, "Damn, looks as though that went well." I wondered if she had fucked him without talking to me about it. I knew she liked exposing herself to him and was hoping that would be about all she did. After Jeff left, I walked outside to find out what had happened.
Here is what she told me:
"The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to spend time naked in front of Jeff. So far it had only been topless or brief periods of full nudity. I wanted this time to be different with you not around to inhibit me. After you left for the office, I had my shower and stayed naked afterwards. I didn't yet know how much I was going to show him, but the thought of being naked in front of him was arousing. I mean he is a cute guy with a nice bulge in his swim trunks when he sees my breasts. I wondered how he would react with my being naked in front of him for an extended period of time? The more I thought about it, the more I wanted to show him. I also wondered if he would show me his cock.
Close to the appointed time I went to the pool and lay down on my chaise lounge, reading a book. When he walked in the gate, I told him good morning and asked him if he minded if I didn't get dressed. With my husband at the office there was no reason for me to be covered. He said he didn't mind a bit (Hah!).
He cleaned and I read, or pretended to read would be more accurate. Behind my sunglasses I was keeping my eyes on him and the nice bulge in his trunks. I could feel my wetness spreading and knew it would be wet and nice and red inside. A good time to let him see more than just my pubic hair and outer lips. I put both feet on the deck with my legs gently spread. I knew in this position he would get to see my parted outer lips and some of my redness inside. I was really getting turned on.
After a few minutes, I decided to be more brazen. I put both feet on the chaise, with the right leg straight out, but slightly bent at the knee, brought my left foot up level with my right knee and pointed my left knee to the left side. This gave a decent spread view of my goods. By now I could feel my wetness running down onto my asshole and knew I was fully aroused and showing it. What I didn't know was how much Jeff knew about the signs of female arousal. If he knew even a little, he would know he was looking at a fully aroused female.
He had been here for about 30 minutes now, and he had had a bulge in his trunks the entire time. I was beginning to get more interested in what he had and what it looked like. I decided to find out.
When Jeff finished, I asked him to come over and talk a bit. I pointed to a chair directly in front of me and asked him to sit down. This gave him a close up view of my aroused womanhood. He, too, was wearing sunglasses, so I couldn't tell exactly where he was looking, but I had a good idea. I noticed he was no longer trying to hide his erection, but was letting me see the bulge in his trunks. This aroused me even more, and I asked him if I let him see all of mine, would he let me see his? He stammered out a shaky "yes," so pulled my right knee up and spread both knees as wide as I could. I was fully spread with Jeff getting the full brunt of my arousal.
Then I reached down and was rubbing my clitoris a bit before I took my fingers and spread first my outer lips and then the inner lips wide open so he could see the opening to my vagina. I was about to cum. Then I reached down and spread my butt cheeks apart so he got a good look at my anus.
I went back to rubbing my clitoris and knew I wouldn't last long. I told him he had seen all of me, and I had nothing else to show him, so it was time for him to let me see what he had. He pulled his swim trunks down and out it came. Looked to be about 6" and thick. His balls were large and hung down nice and loose. When I saw it, I went over the edge: pelvis thrusting and soft moans coming from my throat. It was an excellent orgasm, even though I didn't get fucked.
When I regained my composure and opened my eyes, Jeff was already shooting his load. He had projectile ejaculate with the first few drops landing on my leg, and the remainder landing on the concrete deck at the foot of my chair. When he was steady on his feet, I told him I was finished for the day, and that he should get dressed before my husband got home. He pulled his swim trunks up and left, and here you are. What did you see?"
I told her I had only seen the last part just before he pulled his trunks up and that I thought she may have fucked him without talking to me about it.
She responded, "No, and I'm glad I didn't. It was fun masturbating for him, though. Do you mind that I did that?
"Yes, I do mind. I think it's pushing normal boundaries letting the neighborhood pool boy see you sunning naked. When you masturbate for him, the boundaries are well crossed. I mean he is a neighborhood boy, not some stranger we met in a hotel room. You know he will talk to his neighborhood buddies, and they will all talk about what a slut you are. I really don't want my wife to have that reputation in our own neighborhood."
"Well, we need to talk about this some more. I really enjoyed it, and there is a lot of summer left."
I figured I ought to put off going to the office on Saturdays for as long as I could. Although the deed had already been done and there was no undoing it. It wasn't the fact that Wendy had masturbated for him that bothered me as much as it was what Jeff would tell his buddies. I didn't want my wife to be the talk of the neighborhood and pick up the slut label. I looked down at the concrete at the foot of her chair and saw a big puddle of Jeff's semen. Yep, he had enjoyed himself with my wife. That really brought home to me what they had done.
The next Saturday I was in the study and Wendy was sunning naked when Jeff came to clean the pool. She didn't even bother to put her bottoms on or to cover up. As he was cleaning the pool, she walked over to him and was talking to him. After a few minutes, she came in the house to get a refill on her water. I asked her why she was naked in front of him.
"Well, I don't see the harm. He has seen me naked on several occasions, and I have masturbated for him. It just isn't a big deal. But it is going to be a big deal for you, because as soon as he leaves, I am going to fuck your ears off. It turns me on to be naked in front of him, and you will enjoy my arousal. I'm not going to masturbate for him anymore, but I am going to expose my naked body to him for the arousal it brings me and then have sex with you or Jill off after he leaves. Locally, he is the only guy I expose myself to in person, and I need the excitement it brings. I do wish he weren't a neighborhood boy, though."
It appeared it was a bigger deal for me than it was for her. I asked her what they were talking about, and she said she had told him I was concerned there would be talk in neighborhood, and that we didn't want that. She made him promise to keep his mouth shut about what they had done and about her being naked around him, or she would have to put her bikini on when he was cleaning the pool. That seemed to be a reasonable compromise I could live with.
The next Saturday I went to the office knowing she would let Jeff see her naked but she wouldn't masturbate for him. When I pulled into our street, I saw Jeff's car just leaving our house. Well that was close. I went to the pool as soon as I walked in the house. There I saw Wendy lying back on her chaise gently rubbing herself. She was glad I had gotten home before she had rubbed it off as she wanted a good fucking. I happened to look down at the deck at the foot of her chaise and saw a large pool of semen. I asked her about that and she said she had let Jeff jack off while he looked at her naked body and she spread for him. She reminded me the prohibition was against her masturbating for him, and that I hadn't said anything about him jacking off for her while she provided the visual stimulation. She was fully turned on, and I benefited from her arousal. I decided to let things continue that way during the rest of the summer. Each time I would come back from the office, Wendy would be on her chaise, fully aroused, and there would be a pool of semen on the concrete at the foot of her chaise. I benefited greatly from that arrangement.
One Saturday morning when I hadn't been to the office in a week or so, Wendy asked me if I was going this morning. I told her no, that I was caught up. She then told me she wanted to spread for Jeff and watch him jack off. She wanted me to stay out of sight inside the house when he came over. OK, I could do that. She hadn't mentioned anything about my not watching so a plan formed in my voyeur mind.
When Jeff came over, I was in the house, but was watching through the curtains in the upstairs guest bedroom. Jeff cleaned the pool for about 30 minutes while Wendy sunned and read. I noticed her legs were parted to give him a good view. When he finished he came over and sat down in the chair she had positioned at the foot of her chaise. By now her legs were fully spread, and she was opening her womanhood for him and gently rubbing her clitoris. His shorts quickly came down and he started masturbating while looking straight at her pussy. The whole thing was getting me turned on. He didn't stroke long before he shot his load. The first few drops landed on Wendy's foot and lower leg, and the rest, as usual, landed on the concrete deck. I was fully aroused but didn't want Wendy to know I had been watching, so I went into our bedroom and stripped. In a few minutes, up the steps she came, naked, fully aroused and ready for sex.
I realized this arrangement was beneficial for all of us, so we continued it until Jeff left for college in September. I tried to stay caught up with my work during the week so I could watch the two of them interact on Saturday mornings. I never told her I was watching, and don't know if she knew or not. I think she almost reached orgasm a time or two while performing for Jeff, but was able to catch herself and save it for me.
After Jeff left for college, Wendy and I had lost our main form of entertainment on Saturday mornings and she was getting bored. Time for Wendy to find a new adventure.