It was finally race week. Danica's public appearances were done, now it was time to get down to business. She slipped into her custom made Nomex fire suit and driver suit. The fire suit was white with her sponsor's colorful logo splashed across her breasts. The bright green driver suit looked like it was painted on, along with her many sponsors that covered it. It clung to her body like she hoped her car stuck to the track.
During Monday's practice session, her car was quick enough to put it in the field, but only mid-pack, which wasn't nearly good enough for her. In her big debut on the NASCAR circuit, she wanted to make a splash. Abigsplash.
Once the track closed, she gathered with her team in her garage stall.
"Listen, guys, it'll get us into the show. But I want more. Don't you want more? I don't want to settle for mediocre. I want 'wow'!" She looked at the men surrounding her. "Okay, listen. I want the pole! If you give me a car fast enough to put it on the pole, Iwillput it on the pole. I guarantee you, you give me the equipment to do it, and I'll do it. And if I put it on the pole..." She paused. "Let's just say there will be more than one pole sitter." She clapped her hands. "Let's do this!"
The men worked into the night making adjustments on the number 10 car. Tuesday morning when she went onto the track, the car immediately felt different. Better. Faster. And her lap times confirmed it. She was at the top of the speed charts. Each time she brought it into the pits for adjustments, it got quicker.
Holy shit! We might do this!she thought to herself as she walked away from her garage stall when practice closed on Tuesday.
Wednesday was picture perfect. You couldn't ask for better race conditions. It was time to qualify for the Daytona 500, NASCAR's crown jewel.
Danica was scheduled to be the 12thcar to qualify out of a 52-car field. 6 of the first 11 cars put up blistering speeds. Speeds that were quicker than any of her practice laps. She turned to her crew chief, Scooter McGee, as they pushed her car to the front of the line.
"Damn, Scooter! These guys are fast! Do you think they were sandbagging in practice?"
Scooter shook his head. "Nah. Today is a primo day for racing. Don't worry. You got this." She jumped when he slapped her on the ass. She jerked her head around to see him smiling back at her. "Go get 'em, bitch."
Halfway through her warm up lap, the car felt good, better than it had either of the previous days. She gripped the wheel tight, held the pedal to the floor, and came charging out of turn 4.
All eyes were on this newcomer as she wheeled around the track. Much to everyone's surprise, when she pulled off the track and rolled into the pits, she was at the top of the leader board by a significant amount. The crowd cheered when her speed was posted. Her crew hugged and lifted her into the air as she climbed from the car.
She watched with great anticipation as the rest of the field qualified. 45 minutes later, it was over. Several cars had made a run at her speed, but it wasn't enough. She had accomplished something no other woman had accomplished. She had put her car on the pole for the Daytona 500!
Her team acted as if they had just won the Super Bowl when the final car's time was posted. A sea of reporters descended on her garage stall to see what this new breed of racer had to say.
Up in the TV booth were Mike Joy, Darrell Waltrip, and Larry "Mac" McReynolds.
"How about that!" Mike Joy exclaimed. "In her first attempt, Danica Patrick has put herself on the pole for the Daytona 500, accomplishing something no other female has ever done in the history of NASCAR!"
"That's pretty impressive, Mike," Darrell added. "I don't think this'll be the last pole she'll be on, either." The three men choked back laughs.
"It's gonna be fun to see what she can do on the pole...er, I mean, from the pole," Larry added with tears in his eyes.
Mike's face was red. "Let's take it down to Steve Byrnes in the garage area. He's with our pole sitter, Danica Patrick."
"I'd like to see what that bitch could do sittin' on my pole!" Larry Mac chimed in when the mics went dead.
"You mean she hasn't yet?" Mike asked. "Word is she's done half the garage and is working on the other half."
Larry nodded. "Tony said she's a real hellcat in the sack."
"She offered me a blowjob in the elevator the other day," Darrell offered.
"Bullshit! You're lying!" Larry accused.
Darrell shook his head. "No, really! She said she would consider it an honor to have a legend's cock in her mouth!"
"So, how was it?" Mike asked. "Word is she sucks dick like a pro."
Darrell shook his head again and shrugged. "Oh, I wouldn't know."
"What the fuck do you mean you wouldn't know?!" Larry asked. "What'd you do? Pussy out?"
"Oh no, nothin' like that. I was too busy holdin' Stevie (Darrell's wife) back! I thought she was gonna kill 'er!" Mike and Larry roared with laughter.
"Maybe we can get her up here as a guest commentator or somethin'," Larry offered. "I'll bet we could have some with her." He turned to the crew behind him. "Hey, Matt! See if you can get her up here as a guest or somethin' next week!"
"On it!" came the call from the producer.
Larry turned to the other two men. "With any luck, we'll all be on it."
Steve Byrnes, one of the pit reporters for the TV network covering the race, was the first to reach her.
"So, Danica, you've just made history! How does it feel to be on the pole in NASCAR's biggest race on your first try?"
"Well, Steve, you know, I couldn't have done it without these guys." She swung her arm around, gesturing to her pit crew behind her. They held up their beers and cheered. "They've been working on this car, not just this week, but all winter. They're the real stars here. And I'm going to give them a real treat tonight!" Another loud cheer erupted from her crew.
"Oh yeah? Are you going to celebrate tonight?" Steve asked.
"Hell yeah we are!" she responded.
"So, how does one celebrate after winning the pole on their first try?"
She smiled into the camera. "Well...let's just say that's not the only pole I'm going to be on today. It's gonna be wild! Right, guys?!" The men behind her cheered so loudly nothing else could be heard.
*****
Later that night, the crew members climbed into a stretch limo parked in front of their hotel.
"Where's Danica?" one asked.
Scooter shrugged his shoulders. "Dunno. She said she'd meet us there."
"Where's 'there'?"
Scooter shrugged again. "Not a clue."
The men feasted on surf and turf at one of the finest restaurants in Daytona Beach with the tab already paid for in advance. They constantly looked over their shoulders, expecting Danica to show up at any time, to no avail.
They climbed back into the limo and were whisked downtown until they came to a stop in front of Daytona Beach's most exclusive gentlemen's clubs.
"What the fuck?" one asked.
"Maybe this is what she meant by 'being on the pole'?" another said, causing the men to laugh.
"Where the hell is Danica at, though? She said she was going to celebrate with us?"
"Who knows? I mean, she had so many microphones in front of her. Hell, she might still be doing interviews!"
"That's true. Well, fuck it. Let's party!"
The men threw dollar bills at the sexy dancers and drank the finest champagne like it was going out of style. Finally, an hour into the party, the thumping music of the DJ quieted and the voice of the announcer came across the loud speaker.
"Ladies and gentlemen, we've got a real treat for you now! She knocks down barriers everywhere she goes, and tonight is no different! Straight from Daytona International Speedway, hot off the track, and keeping it hot here, let's make this room rumble and make her feel right at home! Give it up for Danica Patrick!"
The crowd went bananas. The sound was deafening. Her pit crew's jaws dropped. Danica stormed onto the stage as Sammy Hagar's "I Can't Drive 55" blared wearing a generic driver's suit. Her hair had a bright sheen to it and her make-up looked professionally applied. Her smile was wide and her brown eyes twinkled. Her crew moved in closer and took seats next to the stage, staring up at their new driver in disbelief. As she marched down the runway she aggressively pulled off one driver glove and tossed it into the audience, quickly followed by the other.
Danica was no stranger to a stripper pole. She had taken an exercise class centered around a stripper pole. She liked it so much she had one installed in her personal exercise room. She stepped right up to it and did a couple of one handed spins around it. She went into a Shoulder Back Stretch, sank down into a Hamstring Stretch, quickly followed by a Cobra. She popped to her feet and looked into the crowd with a mischievous grin. She grabbed the center of her driver suit between her breasts and paused. Suddenly, those closest to the stage heard the tear of Velcro separating. The driver suit was actually two pieces! The jacket flew off her shoulders and deep into the crowd, revealing a tiny bikini top with a checkered flag pattern. The crowd roared. Once again she paused, waiting for the roar to die down. She grabbed the waist band of her pants. RIP! The pants flew into the frenzied crowd, revealing a matching G-string to the top. Her body glitter sparkled in the flashing strobe lights.
Knowing she was a celebrity guest, it hadn't occurred to anyone to tip her like any other stripper. "Come on folks! Show Danica some appreciation! Every dollar goes to charity!" came the voice over the loud speaker. Dollar bills began to rain down upon the stage.
Danica walked to the edge of the stage where her crew was and dropped down. She began to thrust her pelvis mere inches away from one of her tire changers.
"Come on, Jack! I know how much you make!" she shouted with a smile. Jack hesitantly tucked a $5 bill into the band of her G-string. She nodded, jumped to her feet, and strutted back to the pole.
The crowd cheered when she went into a Crucifix Climb, quickly followed by a Lean Back, a Blade, a Basic Invert, and into a Headstand. She did a Backwards Roll then jumped to her feet. She shimmied her hips and smiled into the crowd as Sammy went into the final chorus.
No, no, no, I can't drive (I can't drive 55)
I can't drive (I can't drive 55)
(I can't drive 55)
(I can't drive 55)
The music faded. Danica stared into the crowd. Suddenly, BAM! Danica's tiny bikini top flew into the audience. The crowd went apeshit! She stood there for a count of 5, allowing the flipped out crowd to take in the sight of her recently enhanced breasts before she turned and ran off the stage waving.
A few songs later, Danica wandered into the appreciative crowd wearing what looked like a man's white dress shirt with the sleeves rolled up, a black top hat, and her signature aviator sunglasses. Her hair was pulled back into a pony tail. Her crew had moved away from the stage and was recovering from what they had just experienced at a table near the back of the club. They did a double take when she took a seat with them.
"So, guys, what'd you think?" she asked with a broad smile.
"Amazing!"
"Uh, wow!"
"Incredible!"
"You were awesome!"
"Gee, thanks, guys. That was fun!" She looked down at her attire. "I threw all of my damn clothes into the crowd!" she laughed.
After a few minutes of review, and the team members chiding each other for their reactions, the conversation turned to chit chat and the Budweiser Duals the next day.
Danica leaned into her gas man sitting next to her and whispered in his ear, "Hey, Tiny, do you want a lap dance?"
"Tiny" was the exact opposite of tiny. He was a mountain of a man, 6'6" and 350 pounds. He'd been a linebacker in the NFL until a knee injury ended his career. So he turned to NASCAR. His head nearly spun off his shoulders. "What?! Seriously?!"
She nodded. "Mmmmmhmmmm. Come on!" She slid out of her chair and grabbed his hand. The others watched as she pulled him to a bench along the back wall where several other strippers were giving clients lap dances.
Danica could barely straddle the big man's lap. His eyes widened with every undone button of her shirt until his eyes fluttered at the sight of her exposed, luscious chest, still flecked with glitter. Her erect nipples nearly poked his eyes out. Quickly, she began to grind In his lap like a pro. She choked back a laugh at his stunned face.
"Did you like my performance, Tiny?"
"Huh? Oh! Oh yeah! You were great!"
She cupped her breasts. "Do you like my tits, Tiny?"
Is this a trick question?"Oh, well, uh, yeah, sure."
"'Yeah, sure'? That's it? I paid a lot of money for these!"
"Oh! Well, uh, yeah, they're great!"
"If they're great, why aren't you grabbing them?"
"Really? Can I?"
"Absolutely! Oh!" she yiped at the sudden grip of his rough hands. "Mmmmm, yeah, that's it." She looked into his eyes through her dark sunglasses. "Do you like your lap dance so far?"
"Oh yeah! It...it's great!"
She grinded into his lap harder. "I can tell."
"Oh! Geez. I'm sorry. He...it...has a mind of its own."
"Don't be sorry! I take it as a compliment that I can get a handsome man like you excited. Wanna hear a secret?" Her chest pressed into his when she leaned in. She whispered into his ear, "Dancing up there really turned me on. It made me all wet," she purred. She leaned back to see the shock on his face.
"R-r-really?"
She nodded her head. "Mmmmmhmmmm. Wanna hear another secret?" She leaned into him again. "I'm not wearing any panties." She leaned back again.
"Wow. Uh, really?"
She shook her head. "Uh huh." She leaned into him a third time. "Do you want to fuck me, Tiny?" She didn't pull back this time.
In her ear she heard, "Uh, what?"
"I said, do you want to fuck my tight little pussy with your big fat cock?"
"I...well...uh..."
She giggled. "I'll take that as a 'yes'. We need to be discreet. Nobody can tell, okay?" He nodded his head nervously. "Okay, slowly, discreetly, unzip your pants and pull it out." Her long shirt tails covered everything. They were so long they touched the bench seat. Tiny looked around the room and slipped his hands under her shirt. With a couple wiggles of his hips, she felt his tool smack against her. "Mmmmm, it feels big. Is it big, Tiny? Do you have a big fat cock for me, Tiny?"
"Well, uh, yeah, I guess."
"Let's find out." She finally leaned back and scanned the immediate area. "Hold it steady." She touched her groin against his straight pole and lifted herself much higher than she thought she'd need to until she finally cleared it.Holy shit! He is big!He grunted and she squeaked when her hot slit touched his tip. She giggled and held her finger to her lips. "Shhhhhhh." She bit her bottom lip and he grabbed her hips. She couldn't help but squeak again when he parted her velvety folds. They both held their breath as she slid down and finally landed in his lap. She fell against his chest and wrapped her arms around his neck. "Ohmyfuckinggod," she breathed into his ear.
"Jesus Christ, Danica! You weren't lying, your pussy is tight as fuck!"
"That's because you're so fucking huge, you fat cocked bastard! Fuck!" She leaned back, giggled, and began to grind in his lap. She held her finger to her lips again. "Shhhhhhhh," she giggled like a child getting away with something in church. "Okay, stud, you've got me for two more songs. Fuck it like you own it, big boy."
Danica gasped when he took her globes disappeared in his hands. "Think you can handle it for 7 minutes," he asked with a hint of wicked.
"Mmmmmm," she moaned. "I can. I don't know if my pussy can."
She rode him as hard as she could without bringing undo attention them. Their moans and groans couldn't be heard over Motley Crue's "Girls, Girls, Girls". Danica's body temperature began to rise. She could feel Tiny's muscle throb inside her while he mauled her fleshy mounds.
"My engine is running hot, baby," she purred just loud enough for him to hear.
"Maybe...maybe you need...grrrrrr...to bring it in and we'll hose you down."
"Mmmmm, baby, I think that would only make it worse."
"You're so fuckin' hot! I'm gonna hose you down whether you like it or not," he growled.
"Mmmmm, baby, who said I didn't want you to?" AC/DC's "You Shook Me All Night Long" was reaching its halfway point. "Pinch my nipples, baby. OH!" she yiped when he followed her instructions. "Oh fuck yeah, that's it! Do you think I'm a slut, Tiny? Huh? Do you like fucking my slutty little pussy?"
The question caught him off guard.So that's how she wants play it?"You're such a fucking cunt! Slutty little bitch fucking me with your whore cunt in front of all these perverts. Fucking slut!"
"Ooooo yeah, baby! Fuck my slutty little pussy with your big fat cock!"
Now I'm back in the ring to take another swing
That the walls were shaking, the Earth was quaking
My mind was aching and we were making it
She leaned into him again. "Ohmagawd! You're fucking me so good! You're...you're gonna make me cum!" she said into his ear.
"Me, too! Me, too! Holy fuck! Your nasty little pussy is about to crush my cock!"
"Yeah, baby! Cum for me! Fill my slutty little pussy with your cum! Oh fuck! Oh fuck!"
Tiny clenched his jaw. "Fuck! Fuck! Grrrrrrrrmmmmmppphhhh!" he grunted.
She felt his hot spunk shoot deep into her tiny body. Each throb of his massive muscle dumped a fresh load. It sent her over the edge. She squeezed him tight and grinded his groin as if she was trying to drive him into the floor.
She planted her lips against his ear. "Ohmagawd! Fuck! Fuck! Gaaahhhhhaaaiiiiiiyyyyeee!"
Yeah, yeah, you shook me all night long
You really got me and you shook me all night long
Yeah, you shook me
Yeah, you shook me all night long
They moaned through clenched teeth into each other's ear as the song closed out. The crescendo of the song hid the crescendo of their lewd, public act.
When the song ended, the other dancers unceremoniously dismounted their rides while Tiny and Danica stayed pressed against each other catching their breath. Finally, as the next song began and the next group of dancers gathered on the bench, Danica sat up straight and smiled.
"That was amazing," she cooed as she covered herself but didn't bother to button up.
"Hell yeah it was!"
She smiled and giggled. "We should probably get back to the others." She started to lift herself up. "Careful, careful," she reminded him as he fell out of her slit. She held her finger to her lips again. "Shhhhhh," she said with a child-like titter. Tiny reached under her shirt. "Discreet! Discreet!"
Tiny nodded and looked around. "Right, right," he whispered. "Okay, we're good."
She climbed out of his lap, held out her hand and helped him stand, then led him by the hand back to the other crew members. The darkness of the club hid the trail of milky white streaking down her thighs.
But she wasn't done.
"Okay, boys, who wants their reward?" she asked slyly as her tits tried to fall out of her open shirt. Hands shot in the air.
"Me!"
"I do!"
"Yup!"
"Okay, you little perverts," she laughed. She smiled and titled her head. "Come on over here."
"All of us?" one asked.
She nodded. "Mmmmhmmmm."
The crew jumped from their seats as if they were about to perform a pit stop and followed her to the padded bench where she and Tiny had been sitting before.
Danica patted the seat. "C'mere, Johnny, have a seat." Johnny didn't hesitate, nearly being there before the sentence was complete. He watched with great anticipation as Danica climbed into his lap. His eyes bulged at the sight of her 36" inch breasts when she opened her shirt. She brought his hands to her breasts and sighed. "Mmmmmm, that feels good. Doesn't that feel good, Johnny?" He nervously nodded. She glanced over her shoulder and waved her hand behind her. "Okay, guys, gather 'round. We don't need the entire world seeing this."Although it's exciting as fuck thinking they might!The crew formed a semi-circle behind and around her.
Johnny jerked when she reached into his groin. "Oh! Uh, hey! Wha-wha-wha..."
"Just relax, sweety," she said as she worked his zipper.
Johnny's head bounced from her face to his crotch. "Ah! Gah!" he croaked when her hand wrapped around his already stiff pole and pulled it out.
The men around her gawked and moved around trying to get a better view of what was happening under the hidden veil of her shirt tails.
Danica softly stroked his vein. "Mmmmm, look at you, all stiff. Did the sight of my tits get you all stiff like that?"
"Well, uh, yeah."
She giggled. "Then you're really going to like this." She raised up and hovered over him. He felt her heat on the tip of his prod. "Just relax, sweety." She gasped when his bulbous head entered her.
"Oh! Uh, wo-o-o-w!" he moaned as she slid down his staff.
"Mmmmmmm," she hummed with her eyes closed at the same time until she landed in his lap. "You feel amazing," she whirred.
Johnny's eyes rolled into the back of his head. "Ohmagawd," Johnny moaned.
Danica leaned into him. Johnny thought her erect nipples might puncture his shirt. "Your cock feels amazing," she whispered in his ear. "Do you like my pussy, Johnny? Does my tight little pussy feel good around your big fat cock?"
"So good! So tight!"
She looked over her shoulder. Her eyes sparkled. She had a crooked grin and a wicked look. Jaws dropped when she lifted the tail of her shirt to reveal her taut, tan ass.
"Okay, boys. I've got one other hole that needs some attention. Any takers?"
Tom, who has standing directly behind her, had his power tool in his hand in a flash. "I've got you covered," he said as he touched his tip to her sweat-drenched winking eye.
She smiled back at him. "I knew you would. Just take it...GAH!" Her head snapped back and her back arched when he drove past her sphincter balls deep. "Jesus Christ!" she howled.
"Take that, you fuckin' cunt," he hissed as he pulled back and threw his hips forward again.
"Motherfucker!" she barked. "Fuck! Do it! Take your best shot, you fuck! GAH!" she squawked when he drove it home again.
"You won't walk for a week when I'm done with you," he growled.
"Hey! Leave some for the rest of us, goddammit!" came the cry from another crew member.
"Ha ha ha! I'm gonna bust her shit!"
"GAH fuck!" Danica howled with another stab.
Tom dug his fingers into her hips and began to drill her brown hole as if he was drilling for oil in the deepest open. Each slam of his hips slid her convulsing slit up and down Johnny's pole, while the rest of the crew members surrounded the threesome and cheered them on.
Each crew member had their way with Danica. The fuck fest lasted until the club closed, then continued in the limo on the ride back to the hotel. Danica lost track of how many orgasms she'd had. The night was a blur.
When the limo finally dropped her off at her motorhome in the driver's lot at the track, she stepped out onto wobbly legs. She made very little effort to cover her cum-covered body with the soaked shirt with every button torn off. She climbed the steps into her home on wheels and stumbled her sore and tired body into the shower.
I've got to drive 125 miles in a few hours, she thought to herself.Fuck!Then a smile crossed her weary face.It was worth every second.