All characters in this story are 18 years of age or older.
--
A blinding sun slowed the way as Addie Moreau drove home from Mid River College, her junior year complete, just one more year to go until she'd have the Bachelor of Arts degree in Drama that she'd so coveted growing up. She'd thought about staying in her off-campus apartment a week or two more, but a personal request for her to audition for a starring role at a small experimental theater in her home town had her speeding home to the mountains as fast as she could go with the sun in her eyes.
Addie was glad her step-brother would be there when she arrived home for the summer, as he, too, was interested in the theater's summer production, a new, world premier play, Glorious Strays, by the young, buzzworthy New York City playwright Victor Steblishun.
Addie's step-brother, Colin, two years her younger, doesn't take theater acting as seriously as Addie does. He's quite naturally good at it, having performed, often along with Addie, in many local musicals and plays growing up. He'd even landed the starring role in his high school's production of The Music Man, but now, a year after graduating, his vague ideas about a career in theater were confused, his thoughts about maybe going to college some day now fading from his mind.
In this Mountain Valley region where Addie and Colin live, the theater scene thrives every summer due to the influx of 'summer people', many of them wealthy city-dwellers who have summer homes in these mountains and on the shores of the many lakes here. There are three theaters in all, one of them primarily musical. The Hole in the Ground Theater, the most experimental and least musical of the three, is a basement room with a small stage, space for a very small orchestra hidden behind a curtain, and 84 comfortable seats sourced from an old movie theater that went out of business in a neighboring town.
As she drove, Addie wondered about this new play, Glorious Strays, the upcoming summer's only production at the Hole in the Ground. Usually the theater stages two plays, one in July and one in August, so this one, by this new Steblishun guy, must be somewhat special. She knew little about it other than it being a somewhat mythological story with scenes of stylized erotica, acted by just two leads, a man and a woman. With just one female role up for grabs, she used her hand to shield her eyes from the sun as she drove, and she sped along faster.
Arriving home, she learned from Colin that he wasn't interested in auditioning for an acting role, preferring instead to try and get a job on the seasonal stage crew at the theater, so he could be there and be a part of Addie's experience if she got the role, helping her out behind the scenes.
"Why don't you audition?" Addie asked him. "You might get it. You never know."
"No, I don't think it's for me. Addie, there's nudity. It's kinda hot, the whole thing."
"Yeah, I heard that too. I talked to some people," said Addie. "I'm not exactly thrilled about that part of it, but...I'm an actor, I need to push myself. This could be big for me, getting a lead role."
Colin nodded. "Yeah, for sure. You're on your own, though. I'll be happy backstage, or out in the box office or whatever. It'll be cool."
"Will you go with me to the audition tomorrow, for support?"
"Sure," said Colin. "I stopped and picked up the script and the casting information for you. The scene they want you to read is pretty easy. It's up in my room. I'll get it for you."
Addie smiled, her fully grown 'little brother' so much nicer and more helpful than he used to be when he was younger.
--
The next day, Addie spent the morning memorizing her lines, thinking about this character named Glorious, trying out some things in front of a mirror to see if she could pin down an angle that would bring 'the wife of God' to life. After their mother made them some lunch, Addie and Colin drove over to the theater for her audition.
Having been through this procedure many times in her life, Addie was relaxed, and this particular theater felt almost like home. She'd been on stage here as a twelve-year old for a month long run as the daughter of a coal miner, and again for a month long run at age 15, that time playing a high school student in a play about a teacher with a drinking problem. She knows the theater's owner, who sometimes produces the plays, a nice man named John. He's producing this summer's play, and he welcomed Addie with open arms, smiling, hugging her, and shaking Colin's hand.
"Addie, great to see you! How is college? Are you doing great work there?"
"It's wonderful," said Addie. "Every day is wonderful."
"I see you brought your handsome brother. I agree with you, I think he'd be perfect." John looked over at the play's director, gesturing with a happy eyebrow raise and a nod.
"Perfect...for the male role, do you mean?" asked Addie. "No, he's just here for moral support."
"I wanted to ask about a stage crew job," said Colin. "I've done most of it before. Even box office."
"Oh, sure, sure," said John. "I remember, you've done good work for us. Absolutely, we'll find something, but I remember you've done acting roles for us, too. Would you like to try out for the understudy of our male lead? We've already cast him, he's in the city working off-broadway now, but we definitely still need an understudy, and you've absolutely got the physicality we're looking for, Colin. It pays better than stage-hand work. If you're interested, would you mind taking off your shirt for us? I hope you're not tattooed."
"No, I'm not. Tattooed, I mean. I guess...I'm interested."
"Yeah, you should do it!" said Addie, eyes wide, smiling.
Colin, surprised by all this, started unbuttoning his shirt, with the eyes of six interested people on him. Standing bare-chested in just his somewhat tight bluejeans, John handed him a folded-open script.
"Your character's name is Hercule. He's a young man of quiet power and strength. Read a bit of this speech. I know you haven't worked on it, we just need to hear you, to see if your voice can project. Move around a little as you're reading, if you can."
Colin nodded. He knew the drill -- voice projection, posture, stage presence. He'd learned it all as a child, as Addie had, the two of them theater nerds working the local scene since they were little.
After quickly reading to himself, Colin began, his voice so much louder now, clear, and powerful, his stature tall and muscular, his improvised movement confident enough.
"Goodness, you've matured!" said John. "Bravo, Colin. Well done." After a quick, murmuring conference with the director and the others, John walked over and shook Colin's hand. "You're our understudy if you'd like the job. It's two months of fun and excitement. Would you like to do it?"
Colin's surprise showed on his face. "I don't know. Can I...think about it?"
"Sure, that's fine. Tell you what, have a seat while we talk to Addie, and then we'll wrap things up and come up with a plan."
Colin nodded, feeling an odd buzz from all the attention. Putting on his shirt, he stepped aside and watched as Addie took 'center stage', in front of John, and the director, and the others.
"First, I want to thank you all for asking for me personally," Addie said, her eyes bright, her voice clear. "It really means a lot to me to know that you think I'm worthy of auditioning for this kind of lead in a two-person play. The theater community in the Mountain Valley has been so good to me for...well, for all of my life, really, nurturing my interest and my developing career. I can't thank you enough, all of you. I was really excited about getting back home this week, hoping to come here today to do my best and win you over, but...this is hard for me to say...I don't think I can do it. I don't think I can play this part."
"Is it the nudity, Addie?" asked John.
"Yes," said Addie. She glanced at Colin for a long second, then back at the comfort of John's friendly eyes. "I just...don't think I'm right for it. There's lots of other girls. Karen Wills, maybe. Have you talked to her? I don't know if she'd do it, but..."
"Addie, those of us who know you, we all agree you're perfect for this role," said John, "and I don't use the word perfect lightly. We've had you in mind since day one. Karen is wonderful, and yes, there's lots of others, but none of them are you. To be blunt, this play rides on its visuals, maybe more than any other play we've done. The two characters, they have to bring something special in that regard, and you, and your brother too, for that matter, you've got it, Addie. We really do think you're perfect for this role. But...having said that, we of course respect your concerns and whatever decision you might make. Just...give it some more thought, will you? Will you do us the honor of reading for us? Did you go over the speech we outlined?"
Addie nodded, then began the speech. Colin sat dumfounded at her reluctance to take the part they so clearly wanted to give her, his eyes seeming to see the room get brighter as she delivered the speech so beautifully. Her voice, so polished and sweet yet so powerful, rang in his ears like music.
"Addie...," John softly said when she was done, "...you're our Glorious. We'd like nothing more than to have you play her. Will you consider it? Please?"
Addie nodded, feeling conflicted. "I'll...think about it some more."
"If I may...," said the director, a woman Addie knew, "...I'd like to ask you some more personal questions. Shall we go into the office?"
Addie nodded, blushing, assuming this private woman-to-woman session would be all about the nudity. "Yes, okay."
Colin watched them leave, but then he was drawn into a conversation with John and the others about the Hercule character they want him to understudy, and before he knew it Addie was back, her face tinged with a blushing redness.
"Okay you two," said John. "It's Friday. We can give you both the weekend to decide things, but we'll need a decision from each of you on Monday."
"Yes, okay," said Addie. "Monday morning. We won't keep you waiting. Thanks, John. I really appreciate this opportunity."
"Me too," said Colin. "Is...a job on the stage crew still a possibility if I don't want to do the understudy thing?"
"Sure, Colin. We'll find something for you, but we'd much rather have you understudy the Hercule role."
Hands were shaken all around, then Addie drove Colin to a small park on the bank of the rock-strewn river that bisects the village. Sitting in the car, watching the glinting sparkles of sunlight on water that was still rushing from the snowmelt of last winter, Addie had tears in her eyes.
"Fuck, Colin, why does life have to be so hard."
"Addie, what's going on? Are you okay?"
Barely shaking her head as she stared out through the windshield, Addie confessed. "I've never liked myself. I've never admitted it to you, but it's true."
"Oh my God. Seriously? Addie, is school fucking up your head or something? Did something happen?"
"No, it's not that," she said, wiping a single tear from each eye as she regained her composure. "It's just me. I mean, I like myself better than I used to, a lot better, but...sometimes...it's just hard."
Colin nodded, looked out the windshield at the sparkles. "I'm not doing the understudy. I'd rather just have a regular job this summer."
"For real?" said Addie. "Don't say that because of me."
Colin shook his head. "No, it's not that. I don't know. They surprised me. Why would they offer me that, so easily?"
"Because you're you! Colin, they know you. They know both of us. They've seen our work, onstage and off. They want somebody trustworthy, they want somebody who can act, and...they want a guy who looks like you. You're perfect for it. You really should do it. And anyway, it's understudy. You'll get paid, futz around backstage helping people out, it'll be fun. You really should do it."
Colin nodded, unconvinced. "Yeah, well...shit, Addie, you need to re-think it all, too. You were so excited about this one."
"I know. That was before I read the script."
Colin, having read it too, knew it was the nudity that worried Addie, and he didn't feel right talking too much about that. "Have you ever walked into an audition and had them want you for the part before you even read for them? That's so cool, Addie. Everyone loves you around here. Isn't it cool? You're, like, a star here now."
Addie smiled. "Not a star. But yeah, it's totally cool. I'm surprised, actually. It's a really nice feeling."
Colin's phone buzzed in his pocket. He pulled it out, answered it, Addie listening. "Oh, hi," he said. "Oh, wow, really...... You do?...... I, um, yeah, I'll think about it...... Yeah, I'll definitely think about it.......Yes, Monday morning. Thanks."
Addie looked at him, seeing the odd look on his face as he stuffed the phone back into the tightness of his front pants-pocket. "What was that?"
"John. From the theater. He said...they changed their mind. They want to give me the part. The lead. The other guy, he's out I guess, if I want to do it."
Wide-eyed, Addie began to smile. "Bro! Oh my God! That's awesome!"
Colin explained more. "John sounded really happy, said that they'd all be really happy if we...do it together. You and me."
Addie's smile faded, her eyes still wide. "Oh," she said, her gaze drifting out to the sparkles again. "Jesus. Two starring roles. You and me. Normally I'd be...God, Colin, how great would that be. But...why does it have to bethisplay."
Colin knew just what she meant. "He said I should stop back and get a script, so we can work on it over the weekend."
"Yeah, for sure. I'll run lines with you. You really should do this, Colin. You'll feel better about it by Monday."
"Maybe you will, too," Colin said.
Addie shook her head. "It's too sexy. I mean, I'm not a prude, but..."
"Yeah. I read your script the other night," said Colin. "If it's too much for you it's too much for me. I should just call him back and tell him no. I feel bad about keeping them waiting."
Addie gazed deeper into the wild river's sparkles. "I know, but...I guess I'm crazy but...doing it together...if we both took the parts...I don't know, maybe that'd be, like, a support system. Does that sound crazy?"
"Addie, there's lots of kissing, the real kind, and touching, and bed scenes, and..."
"And that final scene," Addie said, her eyes finding Colin's again. "It's probably crazy for us to even think about it."
"So what do I do? Call him back and say no, or...go get my script?"
The car became silent for some long moments, the sound of the rushing river roaring outside the partially-open window. "Get the script," Addie said. "Let's take the boat over to the boathouse in the morning. We can work on some lines, rehearse a little, and...maybe see what we think. We've got till Monday, right? We'll bring some food and some beer, it'll be fun."
Colin nodded, happy with the thought of a weekend at the lake. Spring fishing is sometimes really good this soon after the ice has gone. "Dad'll be happy. He wanted me to go check on things. We hardly got there at all for ice fishing this year."
Addie nodded, a soft happiness returning to her eyes. "Let's go get your script. Let's figure this shit out."
--
The family's summer house at the lake is simple and rustic, tucked back in the woods, off the grid but with solar power and hot and cold running water. Most years it's mid to late June before the nights are warm enough to safely use the plumbing system, so for cold weather and winter ice fishing use the upstairs loft above the waterfront boathouse was long ago turned into a rustic guesthouse, with a good woodstove for heat, a single-battery solar system for rudimentary light, an old brass double bed to sleep on, a comfortable old couch for sleeping, and a wooden counter for preparing simple food. Unless one wants to hike for miles through trail-less forest, the only way to get to the property is by boat, so, late Saturday morning, Colin hitched up the family's modest ski boat, he and Addie stopped for gas, and she, being twenty-one years old now and of legal age, bought two six-packs of good beer.
The lake's public boat launch is about five miles from town, gently uphill all the way there. The long, six mile boat ride up the length of the quiet mountain lake felt like heaven to Addie, and arriving at the boathouse dock felt like home. Ever since she and Colin were little this place has been special to them, an oasis of childhood discovery, serendipity, and fun. This is a place to soothe the soul, and after a long winter at college, even as fun as it was, Addie felt the relaxation as soon as she stepped onto the dock.
"Wow," she said, smiling as she looked around at the water and the surrounding mountains. "I know it's always this beautiful, but I sometimes forget."
Colin smiled. "Grab our bags. I'll get the cooler."
Half an hour later, sitting on folding outdoor chairs out on the balcony overlooking the lake, Addie let the spring sun beat down on her face. The day wasn't warm, but it was spectacular. Her script and her audition notes lay on her lap, a bottle of cold beer in her hand.
"It really is a fucking sexy play," she said, looking down at the title page. "Glorious Strays. I like the title."
"Yeah," said Colin.
"This Steblishun guy that wrote it, you think he's horny, or what?"
Colin smiled. "For sure."
"You could probably write stuff like this. You've got an eye for it."
"For what?" asked Colin.
"Girls. Women. I've seen."
Colin blushed at Addie's smirking smile, remembering the time she'd stumbled onto his hidden collection of porn magazines, the old fashioned kind that smelled of must and age.
He set his beer down on the balcony's weathered wooden deck, picked up his copy of the script, looked at its cover. "So, why don't you want to do it?"
"Same reason you're acting funny," Addie said, feeling a sudden nervous warmth within her. "Hot kissing, sexual touching. My character's costume for the whole thing is as see-through as nothing."
"The guy's isn't much more," said Colin.
"I know! You'd look good in it, though. My friends will all come see you."
"It's, like, a little male bikini, I guess?"
"Yeah," said Addie. "The description sounds kind of like a speedo swimsuit, only gold."
Colin nodded, wondered how tight, how small. The costuming notes had told about it, but he'd skimmed that part.
"Did you read the scene...on the bed...at the end?" asked Addie.
Colin nodded, blushing.
"It's...crazy," said Addie. "Why am I even thinking about doing this? You should just do it. I'll get something else, a smaller part at one of the other theaters."
"I thought you wanted... to think about it."
"Do you?" asked Addie. "Do you want me to think about it?"
"Are you afraid of kissing onstage?"
"No, Colin, of course not. But we're talking about you. And me. You and me. I haven't ever even kissed you on the cheek."
Colin swallowed a sip of beer. "I've never kissed anybody onstage."
"It's different than real life," said Addie. "But...not too different. If we're actually thinking about all this, we're going to need to try it. I mean, that's the most basic thing we'd have to get used to, right? That and...I went through the whole script last night. I marked most of the other stuff."
Colin smiled, seeing Addie's script on her lap, her yellow post-it note bookmarks sticking out the end of it. "You always prepare better than me."
Addie shrugged. "So, stand up and start preparing. You ready? We'll just kiss and...see."
Addie's heart rate increased, the way it does just before she goes on stage. It felt odd to her that such a 'performance' feeling would happen now, with no one here to see, not even a bird looking on, it seemed. But this first exercise that she and Colin were standing up for, and now ready to attempt, was something very different than a usual acting rehearsal. This was her step-brother she was about to kiss, on the lips, in a we're-supposed-to-look-like-lovers kind of way. Looking into Colin's kind eyes as she stood before him, she saw in him the same sort of wonder and confusion that she was feeling.
"Stage kisses need to be exaggerated," she explained, "but, lets just..."
Each of them had the same thoughts during and in the seconds after this first kiss -- warm, soft lips; oh my God, there was some tongue; Wow, that was...really nice.
Addie swallowed hard, standing back a foot, looking up into Colin's eyes. "Okay, that was...kind of easy."
A lovely small smile curled Colin's lips. "Yeah. Easy."
"Want to try it more theatrical?" asked Addie. "I'll lead, you can just follow."
Colin nodded, let Addie move in, her hand going behind his neck as he lost sight of her pretty eyes. With her lips so soft against his but now getting firmer, this kiss felt more serious, her tongue much more engaged this time, Colin's own mouth responding in kind. Hearing Addie's whimpering moan, he felt her open mouth working the passionate kiss, then felt her pull away ever so slowly, her eyes burning into his, seeming to sayThat was hot. Addie backed away again, two feet away, her eyes wide but somehow bashful. "See? That was...more theatrical," she said, her voice tinged with an interesting difference.
Colin nodded, his inner--and outer--arousal surprising him. He sat down so Addie wouldn't see.
"What else bothers you?" he asked, picking up his beer for big, cooling sip.
"I told you," Addie said, sitting down. "Lot's of things. It's on stage, Colin. All that stuff."
Colin nodded. "I'm worried about my costume."
"You are? Did you readmine?It's totally see-through. I mean...extremely. There's a g-string, but, everything else is totally see-through. Yours isn't so bad."
"Yeah it is, if...you're a guy."
"Don't lots of guys wear those speedo swimsuits?"
Colin shrugged. "I guess, but...they're not kissing and...."
Addie thought for a moment, seeing the bashful look in Colin's eyes. "Ohhhh," she said, eyes wider as she realized he was worried about male 'arousal'. Her face felt warm as it blushed. "That'swhat...you're worried about?"
Colin nodded.
"But, that shouldn't be a problem. I'm your sister," said Addie, her face reddening even more.
"Yeah, that doesn't change anything."
"But, what if I don't take the part and another actress does, won't you have the same problem?"
Colin shrugged. "Yeah, but...it's...different."
"Well it should be different! I'm your sister! Jeeze, bro, seriously?"
Another shrug.
Addie's eyes showed mild confusion. "So, I shouldn't take the part because you'd be embarrassed for me to see you like that? Is that it? I'm just trying to understand things."
"No! Maybe I should just be a stage hand. You can take the part."
"Oh my god. Seriously, bro? It's that much of a problem? Can't you...control that kind of arousal? Maybe it's...because I'm... taboo, or whatever. I wish I knew how guys minds work."
Colin shrugged again. "Controlling it would be nice, but...it's not that easy. And if we're both dressed like that the whole time..."
"Oh my God," said Addie. "This isnotwhat I expected."
Colin shrugged again. "It's a hot play."
"I know. Maybe this is a bad idea. Are you willing to...try? Maybe, once you realize it's just me..."
"Yeah, okay," said Colin. "I mean, we're here. I can at least help you decide if you might want to do it."
Addie nodded, and thought for a moment. "Maybe I shouldn't even tell you this, but...I brought lingerie. I guess I wasn't thinking right, but...I thought we we might do sort of a dress rehearsal. I didn't think it'd be useful for THIS purpose, but...maybe if you get numb to it, just from seeing me in it. Will that help?"
"Yeah, maybe. I mean, it's just you, so, yeah, I just have to get that in my head. Maybe I'm thinking of you as the character in the play. Maybe that's the problem."
Addie nodded. "He's got the serious hots for her so, yeah, no, that's probably the wrong way to get over this issue. Think of me as me. Your sister. The one who slapped you down with a muddy two-by-four when you were nine. The one who screamed so loud in your ear you couldn't hear for most of first grade."
Colin chuckled. He hoped he could think of Addie that way, but noticing her every-year-more-womanly beauty, there in the ethereal mountain light on the balcony, he had a feeling he probably couldn't.
Quietly sipping their beer, he and Addie both let their thoughts relax for a minute. Colin let his eyes focus on the smooth water of the lake, a group of hooded merganser ducks out there in the calm, disappearing into the deep as they dove for fish, then, seemingly minutes later, popping up like happy corks. He wondered how they stayed on target when they were diving so deep into the mysterious dark. Don't they sometimes lose their bearings and get lost? Maybe they like that feeling.
Addie looked at her phone, surprised, as always, at the utter and complete off-the-grid detachment of this wonderful retreat. "It's amazing that they haven't built a cell tower up here yet. I've got zero bars on my phone. We can't even stream music."
"We're supposed to be working."
"So, let's work," she said, feeling an interesting twinge inside, her face pinkening with warmth again. "First thing is to see if you have any self control. Really, Colin, I can't believe you think you can't do this."
"Yeah, well...you're not a guy, Addie. It's just nature for god's sake."
"What if you drink heavily before each show. That sort of numbs things, right? It did with my boyfriend Joe."
"Drink heavily? So...I won't embarrass myself that way but I won't remember my lines?"
Addie shook her head at this new bashful brother, a fascinating side of his personality she'd never thought much about before. "It's time to stop whining and either give up or try something."
"I'll try."
"Good," she said. "The best way always is to jump right in. The only way to figure out your problem is to do it like it's dress rehearsal. Then we'll know. What are you wearing? Is your underwear...similar to the play's wardrobe?"
Colin shook his head. "I've never owned bikini briefs. I wear boxer shorts, from the construction worker clothes area at Waldhigms store. Mom says she likes them because she can wash them a couple hundred times and they're still structured."
Addie smiled. "Structured? Colin, that's totally not what the playwright has in mind."
"I know, I'm just saying. It's what I've got on."
Pondering for a long moment, Addie had an idea. "You'll think this is crazy, maybe, but...I brought a bikini with me, so I can clean up in the lake in the morning since there's no running water up here. You could put on the bottom piece, it ties on at the hips, so maybe it would fit you. I see you smirking at me, but think about it, it's basically just like the kind of really small bikini brief they want you to wear, just with ties at the sides."
"I guess...maybe," said Colin. "If you take a picture of me wearing it I'll fucking kill you."
Addie smiled, went to her overnight bag and rummaged through her things. "I hope you like yellow," she said, tossing them Colin's way.
"It's a fucking thong!" said Colin, stretching what there was of the thin front of it with his fingers. "You wear this?"
Addie sensed her face blushing again, the warming tingle of it giving her an odd chill this time. "It's...one of my smaller ones. I packed light. Christ, Colin, you don't have to molest it. Just...try putting it on."
Colin blushed too, realizing he was fondling it so tenderly he nearly had it near his nose for a sniff. One thing that amazed him was the thinness of it, even at the front of the crotch, right where his sister's feminine folds would be. For the first time ever in his life he wondered, isn't she embarrassed by camel toe? "Yeah, okay," he quietly said. "I'm not sure it'll fit."
"That's sort of the idea, right? Clearly they want you...noticeable."
Colin nodded. "You have your things?"
"You first. If that doesn't fit maybe there's no point in me putting on mine. We can just run lines and...think on it."
Nodding again, Colin went down the back stairs to the place he's always loved, the boathouse, it's interior dimly lit with filtered evening light, its quiet air perfumed by the scent of old hemp rope, fishy-smelling tackle, gasoline and oil. Thinking himself crazy for doing it, he took off his jeans and his industrial strength boxer shorts, and he slowly figured out how to put on a woman's bikini bottom, awkwardly tying it at his hips. Thankfully, the thin fabric had quite a bit of stretch, the spandex giving his junk a nice pouchy cradle, but it seemed much too small, the thong-ish back of it leaving his hips and his buttocks pretty much bare, with nice little bow knots at his sides giving an embarrassingly feminine flair. Leaving his t-shirt on, he reluctantly climbed the stairs to show his sister the way it looked.
"Oh, shit, I didn't think about it getting all stretched out. Damn it, I liked that one," Addie said, disappointedly. "Your shirt's too long. You should probably take it off. Let's get the full feel of this."
Colin took off his t-shirt, holding it in his hand for security. Addie looked him over, letting her eyes unabashedly examine his body, and his crotch, for maybe the first time ever. Being so ridiculously scantily clad it was fairly easy to examine, Colin's hairiness extending up his belly and down his inner thighs, the contours and circumsized nature of his half-engorged penis so very easy to make out. Addie took a second or two to calm her inappropriate thoughts, then said, "So...it's okay, right?"
"Is it?"
"Yeah. I mean...women...like that. Don't you think that's what the writer is going for? He wouldn't have your character in that kind of male bikini underwear if he didn't want the women in the audience to see it that way."
Colin wondered what 'it' was -- his actual cock, or the general way he looked this close to nude. "I guess, maybe."
Addie nodded, satisfied his look was about right. "You'd better not turn around. I know a thong's not the way the costume will be."
Colin blushed, remembering that his entire ass was bare.
"Okay, if we're doing this, I guess it's my turn," Addie said. "You'll be my audience. Going on stage in see-through lingerie will be nothing if not interesting."
Colin watched Addie rummage through her overnight bag again, her fingers lifting a soft looking cloud of mint-green from the mess inside. "I brought the closest things I have to the costume notes," she said. "Good thing I love all this stuff and keep a lot of it at home."
Colin smiled. "You like lingerie?"
"Yeah. What girl doesn't? I'll be right back."
Addie hurried away, out the back door and down the steps. Stripping herself nude in the boathouse seemed strange but oddly exciting, even though the nearest human other than Colin was probably miles away. Putting on her skimpiest thong panties, then the babydoll lingerie, she reacquainted herself with how perfectly see-through and sexy it is, and had a powerful run-and-hide feeling that made her want to call this whole thing off.
Instead, she forced her bare feet to pad their way up the old wooden stairs. Standing in the doorway she watched Colin as he stopped in his tracks, his unblinking gaze firmly stuck on her body. Addie's eyes twinkled with worried exhilaration. "If you tell me I look like a whale I'll never speak to you again."
Colin slightly shook his head. "I wouldn't."
"Yeah, but you used to," Addie said. Making herself move again, she walked into the antique-feeling atmosphere of the old upstairs guesthouse. "I guess we were both cruel step-siblings."
Watching Colin's eyes as she stepped nearer but not too close to him, Addie wondered if this experiment in learning this sexy new play was one-hundred percent crazy. "So? Am I nuts to think about going onstage wearing something like this?"
Colin's eyes had yet to blink. "It's...almost nothing."
"So is that," she said, eyeing his yellow-bikinied crotch again, an interesting time to look there, she suddenly realized, noting that he'd grown bigger.
"Yeah, Addie, but..."
"What? My tits? Jesus, Colin, will all the men in the audience be looking at me like you are?"
Colin swallowed, looked away, his eyes not finding anywhere to land. "No, I...I mean it's how it's written, isn't it? That's what your character wears."
"It is. A short, completely see-through negligee with bare breasts under. That's how it's written, but, it probably won't be tailored like this one, I think it'll be more draping over the front. The notes say black, because the lights penetrate it better. I know what they mean, it'll look like almost nothing. And it's supposed to have a g-string thong under it, like a little stripper thing. I don't have one of those, but these little panties are pretty small, a real thong up the back. But if you're not showing me the back of yours I'm not showing you mine. God, I'm suddenly realizing Dad's gonna see me in this play. I wonder if I'm the only pushover dumb enough to take the part."
"You're perfect for it," said Colin. "The description of her, it's just like you."
"The body part, you mean?" Addie reached into her bag, pulling out her copy of the play's script. Flipping to the relevant page of descriptive notes, she read, "Grandiose breasts that stop men in their tracks. Curving hips that sway like palms in a sea breeze. The smooth round derrière of a rubenesque goddess. You seriously think that sounds like me? You been smokin' some weed you didn't tell me about?"
"Addie, that's...you," Colin said, eyes involuntarily twinkling. "You're not the whale you used to be."
"Fuck. You." Addie's eyes gave away her mischievous happiness even before the corners of her mouth curled into a smile. "You grew up okay-looking, too." Flipping the page to the section with Colin's character's descriptive notes, Addie's coy smile remained as she read it to him. "A young man of stature. Tall like a God. Thighs like solid trees. A core and arms that ripple with power. Burning eyes that slay women, even at a distance." Addie's eyes rose from the page, looking at Colin's. "You get the meaning of this whole thing, right? It's an allegory, sort of a made-up version of something like Greek mythology. You're a new and different version of a character like Hercules, and I'm God's wife, conflicted about having an affair with you."
"Yeah, I get it. I just don't think I look like that."
"Yeah, well...you're right for this part. That's all I'll say about it." Reaching for an unopened bottle of beer, Addie opened it, tipped it to her lips, drinking a quick slug of it. "You're staring at my tits again. Jesus, Colin."
"It's kind of what we came here for, remember? We're supposed to be...getting used to it all."
"Yeah, well...maybe this is a bad idea."
"Doing the play?"
"Doing it...together."
"You're the big actress. Can't you act like it's just acting?"
"Can you?"
Colin shrugged, reaching for the beer bottle next to him. "Maybe if I drink heavily before each show."
Addie smiled, sneakily checking the condition of his scantily covered crotch when he was taking a slurp from his upturned bottle. "Better drink more of that, you're not even close to numb," she said, his cock's frisky arousal still obvious. "Colin, what about Mom and Dad? Have you thought about them? Can we be like this onstage in front of them? Kissing and...stuff? I know it's just acting, but..."
Colin shrugged. "I have no idea. I'm thinking maybe I should work in the box office and let you do all the worrying about that."
"If you're self conscious, you shouldn't be. Like I said, women like it...like that." Addie's eyes and head gestured at Colin's lumping, aroused crotch. "That's...the problem you were talking about, right?"
Glancing down at himself, he shrugged again. "Yeah. Sort of."
Addie wondered what that meant. Sort of yes? Sort of no? Sort of aroused? Sort of getting there? Is there even more growth left in this brother of mine? If there's more it could in fact be a problem, but maybe he can control it this much. Maybe it won't be the big deal he thinks it will be.
Mindlessly, Addie turned and went to the wooden counter that serves as a sort of kitchen in the old guesthouse, giving Colin an unexpected show of how her deeply thonged behind looks when she walks, the mint-green babydoll shrouding her womanly wiggles no more than a thin mist would do. Her bare back and shoulders were on full view, too, with just little spaghetti straps holding the diaphanous babydoll in position. "We should have brought more beer. Good thing Dad left a bottle here."
Colin's eyes widened when Addie pulled it from its hiding place behind a small cupboard. "Whiskey?"
Addie nodded. "I found it when we were teenagers. I think he forgot about it. Looks like the same bottle. Now I'm glad I didn't drink much of it back then." Looking over her shoulder as she told Colin about it, Addie realized her mindlessness, blushing as she wondered which way to turn -- the backside that's all ass and bareness, or the front side that's all tits and nipples. As she thought about it she felt her nipples electrify and harden, the air-thin mist of the mint-green negligee doing nothing more than tinting them. "Okay, brother, I'm on stage now. You ready for me?"
"Yup."
Addie turned, facing Colin, eyeing him the way her character would, walking to him with the whiskey bottle in her hand, letting her hips sway like palms in a sea breeze. "Oh my God, I never realized how much my tits move. I guess I've never walked with a theatrical kind of action when I'm not wearing a bra."
"It's actually written that way, remember?"
"Yeah, I know," said Addie. "That's what got me thinking about it. Is it...too much?" She turned and walked away, with all the theatrical posture and hip sway, then turned again, watching Colin's eyes as she approached him with breast-wobbling swagger.
"Jesus," he said.
"Too much? Maybe they'd let me wear a shelf bra, although that'd be, like, tits-up, maybe even more porny."
"Yeah, I mean, like it is, it's...really natural," said Colin. "Kind of awesome."
Addie smiled. Glancing down at Colin's arousal barometer, she saw more strain against her favorite little bikini, the easy to read contours of her step-brother's cock looking meatier and bigger than before. "I'll take awesome," she said, "but wow, doing this onstage will be..."
Colin nodded, letting this strange and wondrous experience allow him to look right at Addie's prodigious but nicely firm tits for a few long seconds, this his first real comprehension of how perfectly formed and sculptural her fully aroused nipples are. "Yeah, I mean...on stage. Wow."
Addie handed him the whiskey bottle. "Seriously, I think if you drink it'll numb some of that," gesturing with her eyes again at his still growing crotch.
Colin blushed, glad Addie wasn't making fun, or staring. His 'problem', though, was persisting, his near nudity and hardening cock embarrassing him in a thoroughly warm kind of way, a blood-rush of warmth inside him that made him wonder if he was red all over. "Maybe if you stop looking at it..."
"Seriously? Colin, the play is all about sex. It's full of looking, and touching. You need to figure out mind over matter or something. That's sort of why we're here."
Opening the bottle and taking a swig, Colin cleared his throat in an animalistic way, the strong old whiskey burning on its way down. "You want?" he said, holding the bottle out for Addie.
"I think we both need it." Addie took the bottle and downed a swig, coughing from the rough-hewn strength of it. "Oh my God, is this still any good?"
Colin, reaching for it, said, "Tastes like whiskey's supposed to. Strong, though."
"Two six-packs and three-quarters of a bottle. Think it's enough to numb you?" asked Addie, eyes twinkling as she looked again at her bother's yellow-bikinied crotch.
"Oh my God," he said, "is that what it's going to take before each show? Maybe it will, if you look like that every night."
Addie blushed, knowing that her nipples had unhelpfully hardened to full arousal after she looked again at Colin's big lump; the circumcised tip of him was easily discernible, the bulbous roundness and ridged edge of its circumference now terminating an even bigger-looking cock. She and he both had unwittingly stumbled into a vortex, unable to look away from each other's most stimulating parts, the energy of what they were seeing seeming to fuel a perpetual cycle of mutual arousal.
"Ooookayyy," said Addie, forcing her eyes up to Colin's. "Let's think about the play. Apart from being seen like this, our problem is the intimate scenes. I know we tried the kissing, but that was before we were dressed like this. Let's try it again."
"Addie, I don't think...that's going to help."
Addie smirked. "Colin, I know about men. I get what you're worried about. I just think, with some effort, you can train yourself to...control things. That's what actors do. We work at the mental side of things, and the physical side of things, learning how they intertwine, using our bodies like a tool."
"Yeah, I mean, I've had some classes, but...okay. Show me. Help me figure it out."
"The biggest problem I see is that your character, Hercule, is supposed to be infatuated with my character, Glorious. In real acting you let yourself go there, to some extent, maybe using sense memory, remembering a girl you were once infatuated with, or one who's in your thoughts these days. The purer you can bring up those sense memories, the better. And then, if you're trained well, your mind will snap right back to real life when the scene's over. You've got control of it. Control over how your body is reacting. Do you see what I mean?"
"So, you really let yourself go there? You're not acting?"
Addie nodded. "Yeah, it's acting, but you're using real stuff, from deep in your memories and your subconscious. Do you see the difference? In class, sometimes we have trouble finding our way out. That's what a good teacher helps with."
"I hope you had a good teacher, because you're going to have to teach me. Addie, what you're telling me is...I need to really kiss you like you're...real, but not real?"
Addie smiled. "Sort of. Can I ask personal questions? Who was the girlfriend you were most infatuated with? The deepest feeling of...lust, I guess you'd call it."
"Miranda," Colin said, without any hesitation.
"Good. None of this is about judgment, so what I think of her, good or bad, is unimportant. The whole purpose of her, today, is to be a trigger that you can switch on and off at will, sense memories of how your mouth moved when you kissed her, how your hands moved on her when you kissed her, how your body moved when you kissed her. It's all about movement, and audiences pick up on it when it seems real. It's what triggers their emotions."
Colin nodded. "You're good at this. Do you ever think about teaching?"
"I'd rather act. Directing might be fun."
"Do I get to know who your sense memory trigger person is?"
"Maybe," said Addie. "I'm your acting partner. That's what's important. Hopefully you'll trust me, which is one thing that makes me think you and I will be good together. We've got our own back-story, and it's all about trust. As we've gotten older and nicer to each other, I trust you as much as anyone I know."
"Wow, thanks, Addie. I trust you too."
"Actors keep each other's secrets. I worked with an older guy on one of the college productions I was in. He had to cry, he asked me to help him. He told me the saddest thing from his past, because he wanted to see it in my eyes. He used it, and I kept his secret for him, and he cried so beautifully during each performance. I cried, too, which the director liked."
"Wow."
Addie reached for the bottle. "You asked who my infatuation sense-memory person is. I can only tell you because we're acting partners now, and you'll keep my secrets, right?"
"Sure, yeah," said Colin.
"It's my dance and movement professor from freshman year. His name's Jason. Pretty much everybody thinks he's gay, but he's not, he's bi. He's had flings with all kinds of students, probably, but I didn't care. I felt like I was in on his secret, him not being gay, and I pursued him like like you probably wouldn't believe. Threw myself at him like a horny schoolgirl. We had a wild few months together. We're still friends. We laugh about it now."
"Wow, Addie. A professor?"
Addie nodded, a flirty little smile on her face. "Didn't expect that of me? I didn't either. When I got to college freshman year I wasn't a virgin but I was something similar. Naive as hell. God that year was fun."
"So...he's your trigger?"
"Oh my God yes. Being with him was...magical. It sucks having to admit that nothing's matched it since then. Two years of blah. Guys can be such dorks."
"I'm sorry, Addie. I wish you'd find somebody."
"Yeah, baby brother, you're not doing much better. Your trigger girl, Miranda, she's long gone. What happened there?"
Colin took the bottle, took a swig. "She decided she's into older guys, ones with money. She's living with a guy who's, like, forty-five."
"No way! The little slut! Oh my God, she should have stuck with you. She'll be sorry."
Both sitting on the guesthouse's old, dusty-smelling furniture now, Addie let her eyes take in the solid, muscular torso of her jilted brother, then she reached for her beer bottle and finished the warmish dregs. Slumping, and realizing that the see-through mint-green hid none of it, she re-adjusted herself on the upholstered chair, feeling an interesting rush of self-confidence as her breasts raised and nearly thrust toward Colin.
"You seriously need a boyfriend," he said, his twinkling eyes watching her nipples harden. "I mean, for real, Addie, you're totally beautiful."
"Oh my God," she said, feeling the love, it's warmth making her blush again. "It was worth coming here just to hear you say that."
Colin nodded, eyes nervously darting to various bits of Addie -- her breasts, her legs, her smile, her eyes.
"You're pretty gorgeous too, you know," she said. "The girls in our home town suck. You really should think again about trying college. I can imagine you having a whole lot of fun."
Colin smiled. "If I could get a degree in fun I'd go for it."
Addie picked up her script. "Are we gonna do this, or are we just gonna drink, pass out, and go fishing in the morning?"
Colin's eyes twinkled. "The whiskey's not making me numb, but...yeah, let's try it. I don't feel as weird about it as I did."
"That's numb! That's good! Yeah, I'm surprisingly used to this little 'costume' already. I almost wish there was an audience full of men looking at me."
"And their wives. Don't forget their wives."
"No, just the men," said Addie. "That's what's fun about acting. You can block out what you don't want to think about, and just focus on the mission, and the pleasure of it. It's really like a high. Better than drugs."
Colin nodded, enjoying the energy he was seeing in the twinkles of Addie's eyes.
"Okay, we're workshopping intimacy," she said. "Let's find those sections and work our way through them. If we feel like we can do all that, the rest of it'll be easy."
Colin watched her get up and walk to the counter for her script, her ass wiggling more naturally than it did with her theatrical walk, though just as womanly and sexy. Turning back toward him, the still surprising awesomeness of her voluptuous breasts showed a more natural wobbly jiggle, making him think this particular babydoll negligee was maybe the best piece of clothing he'd ever seen. But it also made him remember something -- the producer, John, at the theater, saying he and the others who know Addie had had her in mind for this role since day one. "Addie, what if the reason they want you for this role is because..."
Addie smirked at Colin's unfinished question, and at where his eyes had just been, and at the unusual, worried look on his face. "My tits, do you mean? My body? That's all a big part of it, Colin. If we were doing old radio shows it would be way different. I won't lie, it's weird. I mean, this character is the wife of God. I imagine her as perfect, the way God is. I'm not that. Not at all."
"But..."
"If you think it's bad, it's not," said Addie. "It's just how casting works. They're all nice people, we know some of them. John's super nice, and he's gay, so he's not interested in tits. It's just...the character. It's what the writer wrote. They teach us in school, if it serves the story, it's okay."
Colin nodded. His step-sister's extraordinary eye-popping body served the story all right, all the descriptors the playwright wrote could be thought of as written just for her. But seeing her this way still had his insides all warmed, riled and aroused, and he wondered if an audience would react similarly.
Addie opened her script to the first yellow post-it note bookmark. "The first kissing scene, it's not all that different from what we did outside. Let's just try it like that again. We need to get used to that."
Colin stood, Addie moved close in front of him, gently embracing, this kiss happening so much more organically, soft-lipped and warm, with theatrically exaggerated mouth movements and lots of tongue, letting the imaginary audience see the quiet hunger that was beginning to build. Doing it indoors, in the absolute quiet of the boathouse's upstairs guesthouse, wearing close to nothing, felt so interestingly different to both Addie and Colin, not to mention the added warmth and intimacy of soft tits and hard lumping cock pressing against much barer flesh this time.
"That was...less awkward I think," said Addie, the tender aftermath leaving her more breathless in her tight lungs than she thought she'd be.
Colin nodded, feeling his own inner turmoil, wondering if 'mind over matter' was even a possibility here with Addie.
She backed away, wanting to keep her eyes off Colin's 'problem' but glancing at it anyway. She picked up her script and sat down, speed reading some of her bookmarked pages. Colin sat and watched her, sipping his beer.
"Wow, this play is seriously hot. It's too bad there's no supporting roles. We could audition for those and just watch the hotness every night."
Colin smirked. "So, is the writer just horny, or...?"
"No, I think it's much deeper than that. Did you notice how the power dynamics -- I mean, they're powerful people, a sort of Hercules and the wife of God -- the power dynamics between them dissolve, time after time, when the intimacy starts. I think that's what the playwright wants the audience to think about. When intimacy begins, it's normal and okay to let the world fall away. It's beautiful when that happens, and it happens in this play, time after time after time."
"Wow. Yeah, I can see it," said Colin. "Okay, that's motivation, right? We can play it that way."
"Exactly. See how cool this is? I love acting."
Colin thought about it more seriously. "It's really interesting how it all mixes. The writer's ideas, the actor's use of sense memory. Maybe it's just this play, but it seems almost like it's one thing. Weird, I'm getting a feeling inside like I just took a hit of weed or something."
Addie smiled. "You're feelin' it, bro! That's awesome. I'm getting there, too. You saying all that made me all tingly. Let's try the kiss again, this time letting all those good thoughts take us there. You're kissing Miranda, I'm kissing Jason, you're Hercule and I'm God's wife. I want nothing more than to be your slut, and you want all of me even though it's forbidden." Addie paged her way to another of the yellow bookmarks. "Actually, are you ready for more? This third kissing scene, it's when things get more serious. We'll have to try it eventually."
"Read it to me."
"Glorious melts into Hercule's arms again, kissing him before he can kiss her. There's a few lighting cues written here, a warmer less bright spotlight, red lighting from above, things like that. Hercule's hands are more active now, lifting the negligee and baring Glorious's back, claiming her buttocks, pulling her tightly against his forward arched groin. Glorious maintains the passionate kiss, then melts downward, fingers and fingernails scraping down Hercule's chest like a gentle cat would do, him maintaining his groin-forward posture, her mouth kissing it's way downward, the last 'kiss' her open mouth against Hercule's lumping manhood, holding position there with her fingers ready to pull down his briefs, the lights swiftly dimming to stage dark."
"Jesus."
"Hot. Like I said."
Colin nodded. "I just pictured Mom sitting in the audience, watching."
"Don't. She can't exist. Remember, there are things an actor uses, and things you block. Mom and Dad are blocks. At least for this play. At least for me."
"Yeah, for me too. If I can."
"You'll get better at blocking things. Opening night is always hard that way. I always think too much."
"Thinking less is good."
"Exactly," said Addie. "That's one of the biggest things. Thinking less is good. Want to try this scene? It's...getting pretty heavily into it, but...it's...go big or go home, I guess. Right? We'll figure out right here if we're going to be able to do this or not. "
Colin nodded, waited for Addie to stand. Seeing her in her full see-through glory again, standing there waiting for him, triggered the very thing he was hoping to conquer, another swift blood-rush to his already engorged cock.
"Thinking less is good," Addie said, her curious but encouraging eyes now sparkling.
Colin stood, this being maybe the hardest his cock had been whilst standing with his arms at his sides. Addie didn't look at it for more than a split second, needing nothing more than the look in his eyes to see the quiet turmoil of his uninvited lust.
"Thinking less is good," she repeated, holding her hand out, palm up, for Colin to take. "Trust. Use your tools. Remember Miranda. Remember your first time together. Remember I'm Glorious, and you're Hercule, and we have enough lust for each other to set fire to the universe. Block all the rest, and here we go..."
Colin nodded, felt the warmth of Addie's hand, watched her draw near. Feeling the heat of her body again, her lips and mouth claimed his, a feminine power kiss that was blissfully easy to get lost in. Imagining Miranda, he let his hands roam, not under the wispy mint-green see-through, but over it, and he sensed Addie's ease, her nice and fun way of exaggerating the kiss for the audience. Trying to match her at it, his mouth and tongue worked even more passionately. Addie's moans, perhaps even loud enough for an audience to hear, triggered his own, and the kiss burned deeper. His hands remembered their job -- up under the filmy negligee, lifting it, his hands now on the small of Addie's back, then swiftly down onto the wonderfully bare curving warmth of the ass he imagined as Miranda's, the ass he loved more than any other.
He forgot the 'holding her tightly against the front of him' part, so Addie took the lead, the front of her so firm against Colin now, urging him to a groin-forward posture, feeling the fully hard hardness of him, her surprising tongue still playing like old friends with his.
She began her melt downward, fingernails not so gently scratching down Colin's muscular chest, and she reached her full squat, the camera-film in her mind spinning at high speed, instantly seeing everything, the fully big hardness of her dear step-bother's cock, still shrouded by yellow spandex, yes, but barely so, the small, feminine bikini not able to modestly cover anymore, the leg openings forced outward and open by Colin's profound bulge, the lumping hulk of his manhood warm and scented like love when her open mouth gently bit down on it.
"That's the scene," she whisperingly said, taking a moment there, on her knees now, just a foot away, looking at the wet spot on the yellow, the mouth mark that she'd left behind.
"Jesus," said Colin, looking down at his step-sister, trying to muster some composure of his own. "No fucking way can we do this in front of mom."
Addie nervously giggled, looking up at his eyes. "You're supposed to block her. You must have, because that was good. That's the kind of kiss an audience can feel." Addie let her eyes drift downward again. "But Jesus, Colin. Your...problem...it's...I mean...what are you gonna do in that first bed scene, when Glorious has a handful of that? When I first read it I thought yes, this is good, simulated intercourse on stage is sometimes embarrassing for the audience, but this, these teases and even Glorious blatantly fondling Hercule, it's really good I think. It goes right up to that line of audience embarrassment but doesn't cross it. It's just super hot. Do you think so?"
Colin, sensing Addie's need for some deep thought right this minute, and glad for it, felt his stiff arousal slowly dissipating. Addie, though, was still on her knees, too close to it, so he sat down, picked up his nearly empty beer bottle, tried to focus his mind. Sipping the warm beer until it was empty, conflicting thoughts confused him. "I was thinking sort of the same when I read it, but now..."
"Don't chicken out yet," Addie said. "It really does get easier when it's more repetitive. I mean, it's supposed to...but...I've never done anything like this play. I'm sure any man would have your problem, assuming they thought I was at all attractive. I mean...we're using our honesty and trust here, so I'll tell you...that scene turned me on as much as it did you."
"It did?"
"Yeah, but...women are lucky. It doesn't show so much. I'm starting to realize we girls have a real advantage in sex scenes. I'm learning things here. I like this."
Colin reached for the whiskey bottle, took a swig. "You said you like this play because there's no simulated intercourse, but...there is. At the end."
Addie nodded timidly, remembering. "Yeah, but...it's really darkly lit so it's in silhouette, and the stage and prop direction notes says there'll be rumpled sheets blocking the full view of the back of you I think. But...that's when my negligee is off and my tits are bare, and you're...playing with them. Just some teasing licks and fondling, but...yeah, that part is right out there, visible. It's your ass and...the simulated intercourse, that's what's sort of hidden, if I'm reading it right."
"I guess I didn't read all that enough," Colin said, sounding and looking bashful as the reality of it all overtook his thoughts.
Addie sat and paged through her script again, stopping at another of her bookmarks. "Here it is. White lighting is from behind, rendering actors in silhouette. Glorious is seen as nude, on her back on the golden bed, legs wide, knees slightly up, hands flat on the mattress either side of her, both actors wearing g-strings and/or genital guards if wanted. Hercule is seen as nude, upright, sitting with knees either side of her, his lower body thrusting against her, simulating intercourse. Use rumpled bedsheet to hide a bit of it. Glorious's bare breasts are thrust upward with back arched, Hercule's hands fondling their grandiosity -- this playwright has a thing for 'grandiose breasts' I think -- then Hercule slowly leans down, his extended tongue licking at each nipple, the lights ever so slowly fading to stage dark, music swelling, the final theme crescendoing to a cymbal crash." Addie looked off into space for a moment. "I'm starting to see what you mean about Mom and Dad."
Colin sat still, feeling as if all of his body was locked in neutral. "I'm...supposed to be fully nude? I didn't remember that. And what the hell is a genital guard?"
Addie knew the basics. "The woman one is hard plastic, shaped sort of like a shoehorn, I think. It sticks on with, like, double-sided tape or something. The man one, I'm not really sure. I've heard of a 'strapless thong' kind of a thing, or maybe it's like one of those athletic cup things you used to leave lying around to gross me out."
"You said it says 'Genital guard if wanted'. Do you think...some actors don't use them?"
"I'd put money on it, probably," said Addie. "I mean, what better way to act like you're feeling something than actually feeling it?"
"They don't really fuck in the movies, do they?"
"It's happened. There's been stuff written about it. Do you know we've never talked about fucking before? We're jumping all kinds of fun hurdles this weekend."
"You'd want one though," said Colin. "A genital guard."
Addie shrugged, her lips curling into a sly smile. "Not if I was acting with Jason. And anyway, we don't have one here with us, either kind."
"You told me you pretend everybody's Jason. Even me."
Addie shrugged, her unexpectedly twinkling eyes glancing away as she stood and gazed at the cooler over by the counter. "Want a hunk of sandwich? I sometimes forget to eat when I'm working on scenes."
Colin joined her at the wooden counter, a well-worn surface that had seen countless fish prepared for the propane cooktop frying pan. Addie handed him a hunk of a foot-long Italian cold-cuts sandwich, then she bit into hers, happily chewing its flavorful goodness.
"Did you ever think you'd have a whole town full of women thinking of you as Hercule, the great mythological lover?" said Addie, wiping her mouth with a napkin. "That's what's going to happen, you know. All those summer people that go to that little theater. All those rich wives."
Colin smiled, thinking that he hadn't thought of that before.
"Maybe you can have some flings. Actors are known to do that. Stage door groupies will be all over you," said Addie, and she took another big bite of cheesy, meaty goodness.
"You'll be the one showing your tits every night. Shit, Addie, you'll need a bodyguard."
"You can protect me. You're plenty big."
Colin wondered about such a thing as he ate. Would the whole of the village erupt in scandal, with a brother and sister, even non-blood relation step-siblings, performing two such sexual roles onstage? Had a play like this, with its pretty-much-nude actors, ever been tried around these parts before? Lots of the locals are arty, but there are plenty of conservative folks around these hills and lakes. The summer people, though, who flood the area in July and August, always seem to be much more worldly.
Addie wiped her mouth again with her napkin, all while eyeing Colin's crotch. "You feeling more comfortable wearing that? I gotta say, I'm starting to wish I could wear this little babydoll thing all the time."
Colin smiled. "It suits you. Seriously Addie. I mean, where did...allthatcome from?"
Addie smiled at her brother's brazen tit gaze, her new comfort with him such that she didn't even blush. "You're well acquainted with my mother. She's beenyourmother since we were little."
"Yeah, but...you look so...really good. Will you get mad if I say you were fatter when we were younger?"
"No, I know. Mom always told me to be patient. She was a fatty little kid too. She said the baby fat would go. The rest...I think I got lucky that I grew into a better shape, and it's good that curves are 'in' right now. It's like fashion. You luck out when your look coincides with the times."
Colin nodded, realizing Addie was right. Her full-bodied fully awesome tits and round-assed bootie fit right in with the current pop music world, even if the look is different than the slender porn girls he tends to favor. Nothing wrong with Big Tit porn, though. And Curvy porn. Nothing wrong with it at all.
With his hunk of sandwich finished, and having to pee, Colin headed down the back steps and out to the dock to pee in the lake. A few seconds into it he heard the sliding glass door open.
"Nice ass, bro!" Addie yelled from balcony. "I guess that's what hittin' the gym does for a guy, huh?"
Colin smiled, looking over his shoulder at her as he peed. Knowing that he probably looked naked to her, he was glad his thong-clad ass was forty feet from her watching eyes. "You ever see the lake this deserted?"
"Nope. Never," said Addie. "We have it all to ourselves. I like this."
Colin smiled brighter, tucking his chubbied cock back under the yellow spandex as best he could. It actually felt kind of good now, the silkily snug cosseting of this very feminine bit of garb almost like a gently sexy massage.
Turning to get a better look at Addie, he saw the breeze tousle her hair, the mint-green of her see-through babydoll negligee wafting like the essence of the wind itself. The breath of God, caressing his very bare wife, Glorious.
Addie watched Colin approach beneath her, the curls of his hair the usual handsome mess. She smiled as he disappeared into the old boathouse, and soon she heard his bare feet on the creaking wooden steps at the back.
"It's getting dark," said Addie. "Think the solar is working?"
Colin went to a table lamp against the wall, switching it on. He smiled. "We should probably only run the one. The battery is getting kind of old."
"Want me to make a fire?" asked Addie. "It's already chilly."
"Yeah, go for it. I wish we had some tunes."
"I know," Addie said, going to her knees in front of the woodstove. "Oh wow, Dad left the stove full. Should be nice and dry."
Colin watched as Addie stuffed crumpled paper under the logs, lighting it with a wooden match she'd struck. Crackling sounds were heard, and the calming scent of woodsmoke began to perfume the air, but the bright papery flame soon died down and the logs were just barely lit. Addie, who had many times over the years done this fun work of fire-building in the old stove, went to hands and knees and began blowing onto the newly lit sparks, with her shoulders now lower than her curvaceous hips, her back arched low. Colin's relaxed yellow bikini was quickly becoming stretched and strained again.
Wondering if he should tell his sister how she looked, he instead watched her, his eyes scarcely blinking. Her short, mint-green negligee was no longer covering her ass, her smooth round derrière of a rubenesque goddess now out in the clear air. The camel toe Colin had briefly wondered about was revealed to be a thing of wonder, a soft-looking soft-haired pussy that appeared to be deeply gagged by the too-thin gusset of Addie's thong panties, her puffy labia either side of it looking very puffy indeed. Beyond that striking visual treasure, another hung like ripe fruit in late summer, Addie's grandiose breasts that stop men in their tracks, hanging freely under her with all the gravity God can command. All of it looked like a doggy-style lover's dream.
After a long and amazed gander at all this, Colin spoke up. "Pretty nice ass there yourself, sis. I guess...maybe genetics are just as good as the gym."
"You're watching me?" she said, exaggerating her embarrassment, blushing so deeply because she'd known since the first seconds that Colin's eyes were probably on her. "You know I like to start fires."
Colin smiled, knowing it's true. When they were little, he and she used to fight over who would get to do it, their father usually divvying the pleasurable chore up in an alternating manner. But today it was Addie's turn, and even after Colin admitted his watching she remained in her provocative, bare-assed position, and she blew onto the brand new embers and the growing flames, and she and Colin both wondered what other new and treasurable moments would be forthcoming.
"Should we try the next kissing scene?" asked Addie when she stood, lightheaded from all the blowing. She bent to brush off the sooty dirt from her knees, Colin watching the way her breasts reacted to different angles of gravity.
"Sure," he said. "A different one?"
"Yup," said Addie. "I'm a little worried about it. It's the first time in the play that I really give my body to the audience. I'm starting to realize, if we decide to do all this I'm really glad it's you who'll be there with me. Remember I said you'll protect me from the stage door groupies? You'll protect me on stage, too. Mentally, I mean. It'll be so much more comfortable there, with you."
Colin's blood warmed him in a nice way, feeling a love for his sister in a new way that he hadn't thought much about before, an emotional connection that only comes from years and years spent together. "Give your body? What do you mean?" he asked.
"Well, I'm in see-through wardrobe from the start, but...this is the scene where...here, I'll read you the staging notes." Grabbing the script from the table, Addie paged her way to another bookmark. "Here it is. It's right after my speech about how conflicted I am about cheating on God, my husband. It goes like this: Glorious turns away from Hercule, emotions high, eyes wild with lust and confusion. Hercule claims her from behind, his strong arms embracing her, pulling the back of her tight against him. His arms embrace her and her arms embrace his. Her head turns. Hercule's warm breath is in her ear. 'It's you,' she says. 'It's you. I mustn't, but I must. Do you truly want me, even though the whole of the universe is against us? Do you? Truly?' Hercule responds: 'I cannot give you up. I need you, just as you need me. You and me, Glorious. It's our destiny.' Glorious responds with her body, thrusting her buttocks against Hercule, thrusting her breasts toward the audience. Hercule's hands go under the veil of her costume, Glorious's hands on Hercule's, on her ribcage, with the full weight of her grandiose breasts resting on them. Hercule leans back, moaning loud like a God as he dry humps her buttocks with the front of his groin. He's wearing his brief costume, but both actors may wear genital guards, if wanted. Lights swiftly fade to stage dark."
Addie looked up from the page, seeing Colin's rapt attention. "See what I mean? I'm, like, giving the audience my tits, facing everyone, looking out into their eyes while you hump me. It's...kind of intense. It represents the first time Glorious and Hercule fuck."
"Grandiose breasts," said Colin, smiling. "Is there a genital guard you can wear under the back of a g-string thong? Won't it show?"
Addie couldn't help but smirk. "I wonder if it's the writer or someone else who adds the 'if wanted' part whenever they mention them. You're right, though, a plastic thingie under the back of a thong sounds painful. Just the opposite of the alternative. But..that's all stuff to think about later. Right now we need to see if we're comfortable with all this. The scene, I mean. Want to study your lines, and we'll try it?"
Colin nodded, went to his overnight bag to get his script. "What page?"
"Sixteen."
Sitting on the couch together, one at one end and one at the other, Addie and Colin began memorizing their lines and movements, each taking a big swig of whiskey from the bottle as silence loomed, the crackling of the fire in the woodstove the only sound. Darkness was falling outside the big window that overlooks the balcony, the lake, and the mountainside beyond, the faraway trees already black, the clear sky barely hanging on to its orangy-blue twilight. The single, dim, forty-watt bulb in the table lamp made reading a growing challenge, but young eyes see clearly, even if young minds don't.
"How long will the humping part be?"
Addie smiled at Colin's choice of words. "We should be prepared for anything. I always hate seeing actors bail out of a scene before the lights go fully dark. And if the lighting guy is a horny pervert, he might hold the fade for some extra seconds. We gotta keep at it, make it look real."
Colin nodded, began studying his lines again.
A few quiet minutes, another slug of warm whiskey, and they were ready. "Let's do it in front of the mirror," said Addie. "I want to see what we'll look like to the audience."
Passing by the intensifying heat of the woodstove, Addie led Colin by the hand to a position in front of a large round mirror, one that showed dust on its reflection of them, the big old thing having hung there, apparently untouched, for as long as they could remember.
"There'll be more light on us onstage," said Addie. "Did you read those notes? The two of us are all lit, with darkness all around. It's a cool feeling onstage like that. The lights sort of blind you to everything, and the audience becomes different in your mind. It's a very cool kind of 'lost'. Have you ever felt that way?"
"I've hardly ever been all alone with someone on stage, like in a lead. Chorus roles are different."
"Maybe you'll like it like I do. I hope you do. It's a beautiful thing to feel."
Colin nodded, feeling a warm whiskey buzz, the room itself becoming noticeably warmer. Addie's fire was burning, combusting out of control, the way all hot fires do. Though the flames were hidden, Colin knew the stove's cast iron walls were thin, and he wondered if they'd glow red-hot later in the night, in the way that sometimes seems dangerous, the fire wanting to be fed, asking for more and more.
Addie, with her back to the big mirror, held her script in her hand. Colin moved into position close in front of her. "I give my speech about being conflicted, blah blah blah," she said, reading as she practiced her movements. "I turn away," she said as she did it, emoting into the mirror now, her eyes suddenly wild with her character's lust and confusion.
Colin, remembering his role, embraced her from behind, feeling the warmth and softness of Addie's body through the wispy green of the negligee. Surprised by the stage-loudness of her moan, he held her, tightly against the front of him, his suddenly excited breath tickling her ear.
"It's you," said Addie. "It's you. I mustn't, but I must. Do you...truly want me, even though the whole of the universe is against us? Do you? Truly?"
"I can't give you up," said Colin, pausing to try and remember his next line. "I...I need you, just as you need me? Is that right? You and me, Glorious. It's our destiny."
Surprising him again with the exaggeration of her body positions and moans, Addie thrust her ass hard against him, feeling his rock-hard lump so firmly there. Her tits, now fronted by extraordinarily aroused nipples, thrust their grandiosity uninhibitedly toward the mirror, Colin watching them there, Addie seeing the surprise and the lust in his eyes as he's unable to look away.
Her new position tore her from Colin's embrace, and he remembered what he was to do now, his hands claiming the inward curve of her waist; but they're supposed to be under, he remembered, so he did it, the transparent veil of mint-green now up and rumpled, Addie's smooth round buttocks feeling so bare, so warm, so tightly pressed against the aroused solidity of his groin.
Feeling Addie's hands on his, she guided them upward, toward her chest, her theatrical moans and wild eyes intense as she moved the strength of his hands up higher, all the way to the weighty underside of the soft warmth of her grandiose breasts, her moan as she felt his strong hands there loud enough for the cheap seats to hear. Not feeling Colin dry-humping her yet, she began the movements, and Colin caught on, and with his cock so herculean hard between her soft warm buttocks, he began moving his hips, pretending to fuck her.
It was more than ten seconds later when Addie called "Scene".
Breathing heavily as she withdrew from character, she felt Colin's hands leave her, their sweaty warmth and strength now replaced by a goosebumpy chill. "That was good," she said, tying her best to sound normal, her eyes wide and twinkling at him in the mirror. "You flubbed your lines a little. Study it some more. We'll do it again."
Colin watched her pull down the mint-green that was rumpled above the curve of her ass, covering herself again, if something so thoroughly see-through can be called 'cover'.
"Yeah, that was good," she repeated, taking a deep breath to gather herself. "I think...that's maybe the most I've ever liked my tits. Maybe doing this play will be good for my self-confidence."
Colin nodded, himself still flustered, embarrassed to look down and see if his still wildly hard cock had opened up the leg-holes of the little bikini enough to let his balls be seen. He was pretty sure it wasn't like that, but still, his mind was reeling. "You don't...like yourself?"
"It's been tough going," Addie said. "Being fat when you're young fucks everything up."
Colin nodded, feeling a tinge of tears welling in his eyes as he remembered how hard he was on Addie when they were young, calling her 'whale' and other not-nice names. "I'm sorry. Really, I am."
Addie turned to face him, smiling sweetly. Taking his hand in hers, she lifted onto tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek. "I know you are. It's all good. I like myself a lot more now. Theater is good therapy. So are you." She glanced downward at his embarrasing crotch. "I'm glad you're not numb. If you were, I'd maybe worry that it was because of me. You're doing good things for my self-esteem."
Colin smiled in a gentle way, excited by her downward glance but glad her eyes were quickly up on his again. "I need to memorize my lines better. You know I'm a sucky memorizer."
"Yup," she said, heading for the bottle. "You'll get it. We'll try it again, and again."
It was the third try, as Colin finally got his lines and the practiced movements just right, when the humping began to feel different. Addie's ass, tight against his overly aroused crotch, was writhing circularly this time, her moans floating into the air differently, less theatrical, more real. Happening so quickly, in just a few seconds, her ass, seemingly with a mind of its own, forced his bulging, straining bikini to the side, freeing the full and very solid length of Colin's animal-hard cock out through the leg hole, his open-mouthed moan loud enough for the cheap seats to hear.
"Jesus," Addie breathlessly said when it was over, knowing that the two of them had let the wildly inappropriate bare-cocked humping go on for more seconds than either of them wanted to admit. "The wardrobe undies they give you better be more secure than that or we'll all be in trouble. The cops'll shut the play down the first night."
Colin, breathless, didn't know what to say. Addie stood before him, still facing away, watching his face in the mirror until she was sure he'd stuffed his problem back undercover. Seeing his stupefied look, she said, "Don't worry about it. Actors have all kinds of funny stories to tell about stuff like that."
Colin nodded, his face red, sure that none of those funny things had happened between step-siblings. He watched Addie nonchalantly cover her ass with the tint of green again, his eyes following her as she went to the woodstove and opened the door to the roaring fire, feeding the hot combustion with a round, smooth, unsplit log that looked like beech. "If we get it hot enough we won't need blankets tonight," she said. "Remember that time when it was, like, a hundred in here? Dad yelled at us."
Colin smiled. He and Addie had so many good memories of time spent here, the summer house tucked in the woods and especially this boathouse with its upstairs guest quarters that make you feel like you're right on top of the lake.
He went to the couch, looking out at the dark, hearing Addie pull the quilted bedspread off of the old double bed. Looking over his shoulder at her, he watched as she tossed it onto a chair, then she folded the bed's blanket back until it was bunched against the brass footboard.
"We can try one of the bed scenes," she said, "or wait and try them tomorrow."
"How long are we staying?"
"As long as we can, right? Do you have to be back for anything during the day tomorrow?"
"No, nothing," said Colin. "We need to get the boat on the trailer before dark."
"Yup. We'll have a nice long day. By then we'll know."
"Know what?"
Addie smiled. "If we're both going to star in a sex play together. Hercule and Glorious. I'm thinking maybe we should try the big finale next. If we can do that we can do anything."
Colin nodded mindlessly, a fog overtaking his mind because he knew the scene Addie was talking about; she'd read him the stage directions just a little while ago. "You really...want to do that one?"
"Colin, we need to know if we can. I mean, if doing a nude scene is going to gross us out or something, we need to know that before we try to do it in front of the director and the crew. With this kind of thing, it's important to be comfortable with it. We should really run through it a bunch of times, maybe."
Colin nodded, unsure of what to say.
"There's no dialogue, so that part is easy," said Addie. "Once we're on the bed it's all action. It's up to the director how he wants it to be, but for now I'm thinking slow, exaggerated movements, everything very deliberate. We gotta remember there'll be, like, eighty people watching. It's the big finale. It needs to be extra sexy. If we send the critics away with a hard-on, they'll write good things about us."
Colin smiled. "You're really getting into this. It's nice to see you...working. I love that you're an actor. I tell everyone."
"Really? That's so nice! Yeah, I mean, I love it. And this play, I didn't know what to think about it at first, but now...maybe I'm just a slut at heart, but, I'm excited about it now. Whether you realize it or not, doing this with you has made me feel good about my body. I think I can show it. I think I want to."
Colin blushed as he sat there, his face warm, as, even at a distance, he saw the twinkle in Addie's eyes. It embarrassed him that his cock was hardening again, for no good reason other than the simple words that she'd said. Or maybe it was those eyes of hers, eyes that he was realizing were beautiful, showing things that were mysterious yet honest and undisguised.
As she sat on the side of the bed, Addie began to read, her script held relaxedly in both of her newly sweating hands. "Glorious is seen as nude, on her back on the golden bed, legs wide, knees slightly up, hands flat on the mattress either side of her. There's this 'genital guard' stuff, but we'll skip that for now because we don't have any and we don't know what to think about all that yet. So...Hercule is seen as nude, upright, sitting with knees either side of her, his lower body thrusting against her, simulating intercourse. Glorious's bare breasts are thrust upward with back arched, Hercule's hands fondling their grandiosity, then, slowly, Hercule leans down, his long tongue licking at each nipple, the lights ever so slowly fading to stage dark, music swelling, the final theme crescendoing to a cymbal crash." She looked up from the page, seeing Colin's unblinking stare. "It's fun that this is a golden bed, right?" she said, running her hand over the dull brass tubing of the footboard. Feeling a rush of naughty inside her like nothing she'd ever felt before, she hoped she wasn't crazy, hoped she wasn't making a fool of herself, hoped Colin was willingly falling into this beautiful insanity the same way she found herself falling. "On stage there'll be the rumpled bedsheet to hide some of your ass, but there's no audience here to see it, so...we don't need that unless you want it."
After a moment to let everything she'd said sink in, Colin answered. "No, there's...nobody here," he said, sitting still, his heart pounding. He watched Addie lift the see-through mint-green babydoll negligee up as she took it off, over her head, the wispy thing tousling her hair like the wind had done on the balcony. These were Addie's tits, strange how such a purely see-through veil had shrouded their true beauty. Now, the fully bare truth of their awesome shapeliness and nipply arousal seemed to light up the ever-so-dim room with their milky whiteness.
Colin saw Addie stand, but couldn't see how fevered and on-edge her nerves were as her swift movements swept her thong panties down her legs, each foot stepping out of the now useless strappiness of them. And just like that...she was nude.
She lay herself on the golden bed, on her back as the playwright had told her to, and she tipped her head and her eyes toward Colin and said the words that he, even just a few hours ago, never expected. "You're supposed to be nude, too. We don't have any of those guard thingies, but we can practice this scene without them. I mean...if you want to."
A few silent seconds ticked away, Colin still sitting, Addie arranging herself on the bed the way the notes say, legs wide, knees slightly up, hands flat on the mattress either side of her. "I'll just look up at the ceiling," she said, her heart thumping, feeling like it was in her throat, "so you don't have to be embarrassed."
From Colin's angle of view, Addie's pussy was there, visible through the tarnished brass footboard, and the softness of her weighty tits spread off the sides of her, fully aroused nipples crowning their mountainous peaks. This is true nudity. This is a real woman, not a girl younger than him like Colin's usual, not that he'd been with one of his 'usual' anything close to lately.
Addie let out a whispered sigh of relief, and another of nervous anticipation, when she saw Colin silently stand up from the couch. The room felt so warm, the woodstove fire raging, it's cast iron walls nearly red-hot.
She kept her promise and stopped looking at him, her eyes up on the ceiling as Colin approached. He'd had so little on, the yellow string bikini would make no noise if he untied the sides and took it off, she knew, but no matter if he did or not, just having him approach with her being this legs-spread nude was thoroughly exciting enough.
All her breath rushed out of her as Colin's muscular weight creaked and jiggled the old bed as he climbed onto it. Not wanting to look at the ceiling anymore, her eyes looked into his. Her peripheral vision saw no yellow, only flesh, the long stiffness his manhood pointing upwards of horizontal. "You can...leave it on top of me, or tuck it under," she said, her eyes never leaving his, her voice all sigh and breath. "Your knees are supposed to be under my thighs, either side of my hips."
Colin nodded. His eyes, wide and intense but soft and caring, left Addie's and looked downward, seeing the clear and stupefying view of her pussy, its soft hairiness groomed but neatly natural, the nether regions of her upper inner thighs shaved bikini-smooth. The spread of her legs showed the glistening wetness within her.
Positioning himself, his own knees as wide as they'd go under the warmth of her thighs, getting his hard-cocked groin close enough to realistically simulate fucking, he left his cock up above her where it was comfortable, so fully risen with arousal it didn't even touch her.
Feeling that he was in place and ready to start the scene, Addie softly said, "Now's when I thrust my breasts." And she did, her back arching high, her eyes again on Colin's. "Take them, Hercule. They're all yours. Glorious's breasts are all yours."
Colin reached for them, taking them with his gentle but strong hands, Addie moaning theatrically loud but fully real, her crotch starting to writhe against him, feeling his balls against her tender spots. Then, as he adjusted his position slightly to be more realistic looking, she felt the electrified magic as the underside of his wildly hard cock began sliding so perfectly on the surface of her wetness and her clit.
"Ffffuckkk," she breathily whispered. "Keep doing it. Then my tits," she breathlessly huffed. "My nipples...you'll lick them...it's supposed to be really drawn out and slow. Keep doing the fucking part...oh...God...keep doing it!"
Colin, stunned but quickly losing himself, tried to remember things. Tits, and nipples, and licking, the slow bending down, which he was doing, Addie's back arched so high to meet him. He knew and could see that she was giving her tits so spectacularly, their stunning softness textured with gooosebumps he could feel as his hands were now on them, her nipples so stunningly aroused and astounding. His hips kept a slow thrusting rhythm, his cock sliding so astonishingly on the surface of Addie's wetness, and his mouth was suddenly where it needed to be, at her breast, his unsteady breath inhaling the warm scent of her, his tongue so erotic in its gentle, slow licking, her wildly aroused nipple a thing of wondrous womanly perfection.
"Yesss!" Addie breathlessly sighed, dialogue improvisation that spilled out of her without thought. "Hercule!...Fuck, Colin! You're harder than...anyone!" she huffed, knowing it to be true because her hand was on his cock now, pressing his slow, continuous thrusts harder against her clit.
Colin knew much of this was being done wrong, the play was the thing up till now, at least he thought it was. But now, Addie was a stunning two-years-older woman, one with the most astonishing tits and the warmest, wettest pussy, and he wished for nothing more than for her to push his cock an inch or two lower and right into the deep inside of her.
"The lights are fading," she whispered. "Jesus!"
Colin knew this scene was ending, but he remembered Addie hates it when actors bail out too soon, so he kept licking, her other wondrous nipple now, and he kept thrusting into the magical space between her hand and her heaven, and he waited for her cue.
"That's...that's the scene," she finally said. "Fuck!"
Sitting up straight again, Colin felt and saw Addie's stillness, so he didn't move. Addie's hand remained on the hard length of him, gentle but unmoving, her arched-up back slowly lowering, her eyes staring straight up at the ceiling. "Okay. That...sorta got away from us," she quietly said, swallowing hard. "Wow." Glancing at him, she saw his eyes watching her face, searching for clues. "I'm okay. We're okay. Are you okay?"
Colin nodded, wondering about her hand still holding his cock. Getting soft and back to normal will never happen like this.
"This thing..." she said, looking at it in her hand. "Can I confess that I've always wondered about it?"
A small smile softened Colin's face, his spinning mind finally slowing. "Really?"
Addie nodded, smirking. "You'd probably be amazed at what all my teenaged friends said about me having a step-brother. It's like...a big deal in porn, and stories and stuff."
Colin smiled. "My friends said all that, too. About you."
"See? It's hot, right?" said Addie, smiling, squeezing the still mighty hard cock for emphasis. "You'd better get this thing out of my reach." Glad that the broiling hot episode ended in smiles, Addie watched Colin get up off the bed, her eyes on the parts of him she'd never seen up till now.
"This again?" he asked, holding up the yellow bikini bottom he'd taken off.
Rising and sitting on the side of the bed, feeling strangely comfortable with her nudity, Addie shrugged. "It's getting late. Let's drink some more and forget about the play until morning." Knowing a bare pussy was too much, she pulled the thong panties onto her legs, standing up to wiggle them upward, watching as Colin put on his boxer shorts. She was glad it was so warm in the boathouse he stopped dressing and went for his beer wearing nothing more. "Remember my friend Callie?" she asked. "She always had the hots for you, was always talking about your chest and your arms."
"Callie did? Why didn't you tell me?"
"Call her up sometime," Addie said, smiling. "She's not married or anything. She might be a sure thing."
Colin remembered her, her big ass being a turn-off to him at one point in time, but now...
"Want to skinny dip?" asked Addie. "The lake's probably freezing, but...it's so warm in here, we can run back in here and get toasty."
Colin looked unenthused. "It's May. There was ice on it a couple weeks ago."
"You chicken? Worried your dick's gonna shrivel up like a little noodle? I won't laugh at it. I've got a nice mental picture now of its real size."
Smiling, Colin took off his boxers, watching his smiling sister make herself nude again.
"It's fucking awesome up here this time of year," she said. "I love this, being alone. Wanna make a pact? You and me, we'll have one or two alone times up here with each other, every year from now on. Even after we're both married."
Smiling, Colin nodded. "Nothing fancy. Just the boathouse."
"And whiskey," Addie said. "We'll steal a bottle from Dad each time. Promise we'll really do it?"
Colin nodded. "I promise. I love it here with you."
Addie smiled, happy. And nude. Almost shockingly, she'd forgotten about her nudity, but now it was back in her head in a relaxing way, her eyes happily looking at all of Colin, embarrassment seemingly gone up in smoke in the fire.
After a swig from the bottle she'd just been handed, she went to her knees in front of the woodstove, opening the door to the roaring flames, tossing in another log of beech then quickly closing the door. Colin smiled when she placed her fingertips on the hearth like Spider-Man, bending further to have a look through the small window at the fire, her ass tilting upward. A pure view of her pussy was so very there, and then it was over, the sweetly erotic little show filed away in his memory bank, a visual treat that Addie only somewhat realized she was giving.
Outside, the silvery moonlight didn't take much adjusting to, what with the single dim lamp upstairs not being much brighter. Addie led the way down the dock, feeling wonderfully free in the great outdoors, knowing Colin was behind her with his eyes maybe on her curving hips that sway like palms in a sea breeze. Feeling bold tonight, and glad of it, she dove into the cold black lake.
"Wooooo!" she whooped, coming up for air.
Colin smiled, dove in, felt the numbing cold as never before. "Fuck!" he yelled as he quickly surfaced, the loud exclamation echoing off the mountainside across the water.
"We can't stay in," said Addie. "This is dangerous cold. Fun though." Feeling the numbness quickly penetrating her, she swam for less than a minute, then made for the ladder. Colin followed.
"Oh my God! That's so cold!" she said, climbing out, beginning to shiver as she looked up at the moon. "Think we'll hear coyotes tonight?"
Colin climbed out and stood on the dock, shivering.
"Hold me," said Addie. "I don't want to go in yet. We can share our warmth."
Colin needed some warmth, so he held Addie from behind, tight against him, feeling her shivers. She placed her arms on his arms, raising them up so the weight of her bosom warmed them. Tipping her head back against Colin's shoulder, she looked up again at the moon.
"I love this place so much," she said. "If Mom and Dad ever decide to sell it, promise me we'll pool our money and buy it from them."
"I promise. God Addie, you're really shivering."
Addie took his hand and led him into the boathouse, up the back stairs, into the amazing warmth and straight to the towels. Drying themselves next to the woodstove, Addie's shivers ran deep enough for Colin to see. All dry and with his hair scrubbed curly damp, he went to her and rubbed her with his towel, giving her some warmth from the friction, the feminine flesh of her big breasts moving in ways that captivated his unblinking eyes.
"Whiskey?" she said. "In the old movies they drink it to get warm."
Colin smiled, went for the bottle, saw her toweling her hair, her breasts jiggling as he brought it to her.
"Thanks," she said. "Let's both slug some down."
After she took two burning warm swallows, Colin took two, his eyes on Addie's.
"Hold me?" she said, the love in her eyes and her body language telling Colin she wanted to be held face-to-face this time.
Embracing her, still fully nude, Colin felt Addie's shivers dissipating. Addie felt Colin's warmth, and she felt his arousal firming and growing against the front of her. With her eyes on his, so close she could feel the warmth of his breath, her own growing desire brought gentle words to her lips. "We can practice that kissing scene again. Do you remember it? It's the easy one, with no talking."
Colin thought of it, the remembrance of how it goes causing his cock to grow even firmer, pressing so tightly against Addie's warmth. His equally gentle response, "Do you...want to?"
"Yes," breathed Addie, quiet and close, her eyes showing a bedroomy wonder. "Do you?"
Colin nodded, Addie seeing the love in his shining eyes, and she kissed him, open-mouthed but soft at first. The passion was instantly there, so real and deeply felt, the quietly-moaning kiss taking on life, and movement, not theatrical but human, so very human. Colin's hands, so loving on the bareness of Addie's back, swept down to the lower curve of it, his fingers leading the way onto the curvesome softness of her ass.
Addie hated to stop kissing, but she wanted so badly to melt downward the way the play's script says to do, so she did, slowly, dragging her fingernails down Colin's muscled chest, kissing her way down the rippling power of his belly, her tongue and her kisses feeling the freshly scrubbed manliness of the smooth short hair below his belly button.
Colin moaned when her kissing reached the root of his cock, a cock so profoundly hard again. Addie's hand held it aside as she kissed and nuzzled everything she wanted to -- the tenderness of his groin; the softness of the tops of his thighs; the sensitive balls that were still tight from the icy cold of the lake but now soft enough for Addie to gently suck into her mouth like candied treasures, her tongue massaging their tenderness.
Colin, with his head tipped back, moaned at the ceiling when he felt his sister's mouth beginning to suck his cock, his hips starting to slowly thrust, Addie's moan so soft and lovely.
With his hands gently in her damp hair, he quickly learned of this older step-sister's oral skill, the sight of his cock slithering in and out of her hungry mouth nearly flooring him from weak knees. "Jesus Addie," he breathlessly huffed. Addie's eyes looked up at him, sensing the depth of his swoon, the corners of her blowjob-giving mouth curling into a sexy smile. That's when she astonished him, opening her throat to him, taking his full length all the way deep.
"Fffuckk!" he quietly exclaimed, spasms wracking him, his whole body jerking and trembling as he came deep in her throat. Even Addie was astonished at his near-instantaneous reaction, and that such a thing as having a cock cum in one's throat was even possible.
The finish, the sucking him dry, happened in her moaning, even hungrier mouth, Addie so eager and happy to taste his slippery essence with her tongue. Colin held her head in his hands, this sister of his now a thrilling whore with an appetite for cum. His spinning mind could barely believe this was happening.
The heat from the woodstove next to them felt intense, but neither of them cared, neither of them wanted to move and spoil this perfect moment. Addie eyed her loving brother's eyes as she slipped his wet cock from her mouth to her hands, stroking its full length as she mouthed his balls again. With eyes still on his, she smiled. "Wanna get drunk and fuck?" she asked, with all the mischief of all the world twinkling in her horny eyes.
Colin smiled, nodded, didn't have words to add. Addie picked up the bottle, still nearly half full, and she swigged a double-sized glug. Smiling sweetly, she handed it to Colin, stood up and walked nonchalantly to the cooler to get two bottles of good beer.
"You seriously should call Callie. She'll love you."
"Why do you say that?"
"She loves to suck cock. We both do. That's how we bonded."
Colin smiled at the beguiling bad-girl look on Addie's face, a side of her he'd never seen before tonight. He wanted to know more. "A hobby of yours?"
"I wish. Maybe if serious acting doesn't work out I'll go into porn."
Colin smiled, knew she was kidding. "Yeah, well...you'd be awesome."
"Maybe I'll invite her to opening night," said Addie. "Callie. I want her to see you."
The thought of this gave Colin pause. He wondered who else would come to see the play, and see his lumping self in the minimalist bikini briefs 'costume', and then see him nude in the final scene. Living in a mountain town big enough to support not one, not two, but three summer theaters is interesting, an artistic community that thrives in high summer but is none the less rural and down to earth. The theater staging Glorious Strays is the smallest of the three -- less than a hundred seats, with a stage not big enough for traditional musicals -- and it's well known to be experimental, staging 'world premieres' by lesser known playwrights, the plays often challenging, this summer taking a chance by drifting into what could easily be thought of as creative erotica. Colin wondered if his former high school teachers would be there, maybe even the principal, all celebrating the return of his 'famous' sister Addison Moreau. She'd played roles at each of the three theaters, been in no less than eight musicals and five plays over the years when she and Colin were growing up, and the theater-going locals well know her. And now, after going off to study with a famous drama teacher at Mid River College, a place known for grooming famous actors, she was taking her first starring role back at home, in the heart of another bustling mountain summer.
Addie, casually leaning against the counter now, with her wondrous nudity on full display, smiled at Colin's amusingly speechless male gaze. "Shots and beers," she said, holding out an open beer bottle for him. "Remember when we got super drunk up here? Mom and Dad were as mad as I've seen them."
"We both got grounded," said Colin, reaching for the beer, handing Addie the whiskey.
A session of standing-around-naked-reminiscing got started, punctuated by glugs of whiskey and glugs of beer, another round of beer bottles opened as the old dusty whiskey bottle emptied even more.
Coy looks and sweet smiles happened, Colin and Addie side-by-side as they leaned, then a quick munch of sandwiches, more strong double-shots of whiskey, and then, the first ever kiss that was purely for love and for pleasure. The druggish wonder of it swooned Colin to his knees, Addie moaning and whimpering, raking her fingers through his messy, curly, still damp hair as his moaning mouth explored all the wetness of her pussy.
"Damn!" she breathily whispered, warmly shuddering, so wonderfully close to an orgasm.
More standing up kissing was next, pussy-flavored passionate and hot, followed by another try at the play's scene of humping from behind, this time amusingly drunk, giggly and playful.
"It's you," Addie said, as Colin tightly embraced her from behind. "It's you. I mustn't, but I gotta have you. Do you wanna? With me? Even though it's...the universe?"
"I can't give you up. Jesus, Glorious. It's destiny...and stuff."
Addie giggled. "Lets do this outside," she said, drunken eyes suddenly more burning and serious. "This is my tit scene. I wanna give them to the lake." Feeling the inspiration acutely, and dragging Colin swiftly by the hand, she led him to the sliding glass door and out onto the balcony, the crisply cold May night so blackly dark, the surface of the lake shimmering with moonlight. "Start over," she said. "Try and remember better."
Colin nodded, attempted to get his head in the game. He watched Addie, almost able to see her mind working, and he saw her turn toward the lake. Her arms reached back, pulling his arms around her, her soft smooth skin so warm in the cool of the night, the scent of her like that of a woman.
"It's you," she began. "It's you. I mustn't, but I must. Do you...truly want me, even though the universe is against us? Do you, Hercule?"
Colin nodded, his embrace so tight, his head right against her ear. "I can't give you up. I need you...just as you need me. You and me, Glorious. It's our destiny."
Addie thrust and wiggled her soft warm ass against Colin's warm groin, his cock already swiftly grown and hard again, his mind nicely spinning, from the whiskey, the feel of Addie, and the thrill of having the play's lines flow into his consciousness like he was meant to say them.
Addie's body responded, her bare breasts thrust so profoundly toward the shimmering lake, her hands drawing Colin's up onto them, her moan so loud, like an animal, when his strong hands fully claimed them, her wildly aroused nipples poking between his fingers.
With her ass thrust backwards more purposefully now, her body so fuckable, she gave her grandiose tits to Colin's hands and the lake. Her moans went silent for a moment as her fingers pushed aside the gusset of her thong and guided his hard and mighty cock where she wanted it, the bulbous tip of it right at her entrance, and she pressed herself backward, onto it, and she sighed a lovely moan when the warm wetness of her pussy let Colin fuck his way all the way deep to the inside of her. With her hands on the railing now, she let herself go free, and Colin fucked her like a god, floating into eternity.
Over and over he thrust to her very depths, moaning as he listened to Addie's breathy happiness and to the sound of her wet pussy as he fucked it. These were stunning sounds, sounds of tightness, and yearning, sounds of desire, and release, sounds of two animals in heat, sounds that drifted up into the darkness of the bright-star heavens. Addie's astonishing deep-pussy-quivering orgasm, so tight on his thrusting cock, jumbled Colin's thoughts, such as they were, into a kaleidoscopic blur of awesomeness that kept spinning back at him. It was a profound realization of love, and that Addie is the most perfect girl in all the world.
Woozy from the drunk, the cold, and from cumming so hard, Addie stumbled back to the inside warmth, embracing and kissing Colin all the way to the bed. The overly warm heat, feeling almost like a drug, added to their drunkenness, and Addie's legs spread so wide and welcoming, Colin there between them on the bed, beginning a thoroughly proper pussy eating that made Addie wish they'd started doing this kind of thing years ago.
As Colin's loving mouth worked its electrifying magic, a subtle worry lodged in Addie's mind, so she put it out there. "Which one of us slept on the couch? Mom's gonna want to know. We've got to get our stories straight."
Colin looked at her, his lips glistening with wetness. "I did. You gave me the blanket. You kept the quilt."
Addie nodded, suddenly wanting all of Colin, in the most intimate of ways, missionary style. Pulling him up on top of her, she moaned at the feeling of his muscular weight, kissing the woman-flavored warmth of his wet mouth, feeling the hardness of his cock teasing at the outer lips of her entrance again. "Put it in me," she breathily said against his lips. "Fuck me, Colin. Fuck me all night."
The lusty, energetic, enthralling bout of missionary sex made her cum with eye-rolling spasms, the first time in her life she'd cum more than once in one night. She rolled, turned, and couldn't believe the moaning awesomeness of sixty-nining her loving step-brother, having her spread-open ass and pussy on his face like that, a crazy good intimacy that seemed like a wild drunken dream. Playing with the super-turned-on hardness of his cock with her mouth and hands, reveling in the visuals and scents of his hairy manliness, Addie writhed her pussy hard across his loving mouth, astonished when yet another orgasm rose up inside her, tingling her fingers and her toes when it broke free, her openhearted moaning becoming a passionate cry that rang out in the private quiet of the old boathouse they both love.
Doggy style was next, the good old-fashioned hands and knees kind, Addie hoping it would make Colin cum again. She loved his youthful stamina, thinking that some of it came from the fact that he'd cum so wonderfully down her throat, but she longed to hear his masculine orgasmic moan again, the one that had so thrilled her earlier, when her slutty deep-throating had overwhelmed him over by the woodstove.
Feeling and hearing the way Colin responded to fucking her this perfect doggy-style way, she thought she might get him all the way there again. "You like my ass?" she breathlessly asked. "Huh, Bro? You like my fucking my pussy with your hands and your eyes on my ass like that?"
Colin couldn't answer, this deep fucking overwhelming him again, Addie smiling as she listened to his manly moans.
"Harder!" she breathlessly commanded. "Harder!...Fuck me so hard I'll feel it tomorrow!"
Colin watched the flesh of her ass rhythmically quake as his deep, hard thrusts buried his cock to the hilt with thudding fury, over and over again. This drunken fornication had flown so amazingly out of control, Addie stutter-crying the awesomeness of it as Colin's thrilling pounding heated his happy cock to white-hot. The mind-melt of his cumming blurred his vision into a swirl of glorious nothingness, a feeling of ecstasy beyond anything he'd ever felt.
Addie took the prone position now, flattened onto the bed by the intensity, her ass tilted up, Colin still fucking her with hard energy and strength even though he'd lost his mind when he came. "Keep fucking me!...Keep fucking me!" she begged. "I'm gonna cum!...I'm gonna cum!" This orgasm twirled in her mind like the most wonderful surprise. "Oh!...God!...I'm cuuuummiiiing!"
Colin, dripping sweat on her writhing body, kept fucking her like he'd never fucked before, feeling Addie's tight pussy's quivering contractions, the gruffness of her devilish groans when she lost her mind a sound he'd never heard her make but wanted to always remember. Yes, this was a new Addie, a brand new Addie, a young woman who seemed like the very embodiment of pure sex, and fun sex, her body something stunning and wild. Colin spread her ass cheeks with his hands and buried his mouth there, wishing to eat and taste her so thoroughly she'd want more, and more, and more, for the rest of their lives.
-
Waking in the new light of morning with his arm draped over Addie and his hand on the extraordinary soft warmth of her breast, Colin felt the chill of being naked and uncovered with the woodstove fire burned to embers. Getting out of bed, slowly, he smiled at the drank-too-much deepness of Addie's sleep, and he stood there for some long, nice moments, taking in the womanly beauty of her buxom body. A twinge of desire to gently wake her by eating her pussy made his cock throb, but his mighty hangover, his bones-deep chill, and a dire need to pee sent him to his bag for his sweatpants and t-shirt. After covering Addie with the blanket, walking outside into the idyllic stillness of the cold crisp mountain morning made him wonder if this weekend was all just a rapturous dream.
A quick pee into the lake, a quiet trot up the stairs to fill the woodstove with dry beech-wood logs, and he was back down in the boathouse again, clipping a floating frog lure to his favorite fishing rod. Walking out to the end of the dock, he flung the soft plastic frog through the air on line that looked like spider silk, the lure plopping onto the mirror-smooth lake, making psychedelic ripples that expanded like shock-waves from a tiny bomb.
A half an hour later, he heard the upper sliding door slide open. Turning to look, he saw Addie there on the balcony, her body partially wrapped in the blanket, her lovely breasts showing unashamedly, Collin easily seeing the pointed arousal of her resplendent nipples. "Catch anything?" she asked, her smile pure but muted by her hangover. "The girl fish might like you better if you take your shirt off."
"It's cold," said Colin, smiling.
"I know. Nippy," she said, smiling as she waggled her bare, stunningly nippled breasts. "Thank's for getting the fire going. Mom put hardboiled eggs and yogurt in the cooler, for breakfast."
Colin nodded. "I'll be up in a few minutes." Watching as Addie went back inside, he turned and cast his line again, wondering if the lake's fish had shaken off their laziness after the icy cold of their long winter.
After putting away his tackle, he climbed the back stairs, opened the door and felt the warmth from the fire, and he saw Addie at the counter, her mussy-haired morning loveliness clad in the sexiest lace bra and panties he'd ever seen in real life, the kind a hot porn girl would have on before her huge-cocked man devoured her.
Smiling, he remembered what Addie had said about liking lingerie, but it struck him as surprising that she'd carry stunning pieces such as this on a quick trip to the lake. "Is that...something Glorious will wear?" he asked, his twinkly-eyed gaze squarely on the sexy lace.
"No, just me," she said, her own happy face twinkly-eyed. "You shouldn't get me mixed up with her. Actors can get all fucked up that way sometimes."
"I won't."
"Really? So...last night...you're...okay with it all?"
"I loved it," said Colin, feeling an inner rush from the pure honesty.
Addie's twinkling eyes shown with warmth. "I loved it too. I don't know how in hell I'm gonna be able to not suck your cock all the time. I mean, I just got home from school. Two days is all it took for us to end up like this. And we've got all summer together. I hope we can...manage this."
"You sure it's not a hobby of yours?" said Colin, smiling. "I'm getting the feeling..."
"What, that I'm a slutty cock-whore? I wish," said Addie, smirking. "Take off those clothes. Lay on your back on the bed."
Following Colin, Addie smiled as he stumbled out of his clothes, her eyes marveling at the hunky muscularity of him as he lay himself flat on his back with his hands under his head. Yes, he's the perfect Hercule, she thought, as she hardened him with her playful handjob. Then she spooned flavorful yogurt into her mouth and sucked his mighty hard cock into the cool slippery slurry of it.
"Ooohhhh!" he moaned, making Addie smile in a fun way that let some of the mess dribble down his warm shaft, just a nice mess for her to lick up with her happy tongue.
Having never had such a wonderfully sexy breakfast, Addie kept at it, making her handsome step-brother writhe, enjoying the flavor of his spurting cum like she enjoyed the yogurt, or maybe more. Yes, she enjoyed it more, this rarest of treats, the slippery warm cum of someone you truly love.
Colin stayed hard so she sixty-nined him, giving him her ass in fresh lace, a presentation that astonished him yet again. The sexy panties' stretchy gusset was easy to push aside, showing Addie's puffy pussy to be raw, wet, and eager-to-be-eaten, the extraordinary look and taste of it making his hungover head swoon with unquenchable desire.
Morning sex was Addie's favorite thing back when she had a steady boyfriend, but this, this was better than anything, Colin harder than anybody. After a good long bout of sublime oral, she was up and riding him, hands on his powerful chest, her hottest panties and bra still on her. Her swiveling hips were fucking him so purely and swiftly that she came hard and with fury, loud and proud, reveling in the wild tremors of orgasm as long as she could, then laughing as it wound down because it was all so mind-blowingly awesome.
This new day, so beautifully warming and sunny, took on a pattern. Some work on learning lines from the script, then sex. Some fishing and a quick swim, then sex. A hike to the mountaintop up behind the summer house, then...this time the sex was up there, on the wild, breezy height-of-land, a place they'd climbed to countless times. They brought their scripts with them, running lines in the nicely warming sun, but then desire overtook them again, Colin standing tall on the mountaintop, stripped bare, bellowing a cave-man call to the wild as he deeply fucked his bent-over lover. Addie asked him to fuck her tits up there on the mountaintop, too, making new memories every moment of the day.
Both of them hated it when it was time to go home. Evening was sneaking up on them, so, knowing they wanted to get down the lake to the boat-launch, and get their gear and the boat loaded up on the truck and the trailer before dark, they scurried around the upstairs of the boathouse making sure everything looked normal again.
"Oh my God, I almost forgot this!" said Addie, wide-eyed, holding the wisp of mint-green babydoll lingerie up for Colin to see before going to her bag and stuffing it in. "That wouldn't have been good. How did it get down behind the bed like that? We need to look around more carefully."
Colin nodded, starting the search for anything out of the ordinary. "What about the sheets?" he asked, seeing cum stains and other tell-tales.
"They're always gross," said Addie. "And with ice fishing over it's always just you or me sleeping up here. I'll wash them when we open up the summer house next month. Make sure you shut down the woodstove, and I think we're done."
The boatride to the launch was sublime, wind in their hair as they skimmed across glass smooth water, both standing side by side, arm in arm, even kissing and fondling because no one was around to see. The lake, and the boathouse, this May weekend, was paradise.
--
Addie and Colin called John the producer on Monday morning, telling him they'd take the parts, but they took a full two weeks to gently ease their mother and father into the idea of the play, its characters, the minimal costumes, and that it was all already underway and happening. It didn't go over easily or well at first. Colin, the nineteen-year-old baby of the family, was their mother's biggest worry.
"It only bothers you that he's too young?" asked Addie. "It doesn't bother you that we'll be kissing?"
"Of course it does!" said Mom. "Addie, what will people say?"
"Hopefully they'll say it's good, we did a good job. Mom, this is a big deal for me. And doing it with Colin makes it possible. I wouldn't feel comfortable if it wasn't him. He's helping me get to another level with my confidence. It's important to me."
"Well...when you say it that way..."
Addie smiled. "You'll be proud of us, Mom. I know you like sexy things. I've seen your face when you watch Bridgerton."
Blushing, Addie's mother cracked a smile. "Yes, but...I never thought you two would be..."
"It's an adventure, Mom. Think of it that way. It'll be a summer to remember."
--
Addie and Colin's family -- father Don, mother Helsie, grandmother Helen, aunt and uncle Joyce and Willem -- were the quietest and most stunned members of the audience when the curtain dropped after the final scene at the end of opening night, the cousins and younger friends all loudly whooping and cheering with the other attendees in the full house. Returning to the front of the stage hand-in hand for a celebratory curtain call, swathed in waist-tied white robes because they were both wearing nothing but genital guards, Addie and Colin beamed with pride, smiling brightly because the weight of the world seemed lifted from them -- after weeks of rehearsal the first performance had gone quite smoothly, just a few minor flubbed lines that weren't too noticeable, and two or three lighting and music cues that needed work. And the police hadn't busted in to shut the whole thing down.
There'd been worry about that. Addie and Colin hadn't told their parents the full extent of the see-through costuming and final scene nudity, and they certainly hadn't told them it would look like they were fucking numerous times, most notably on the golden bed while Colin licked Addie's beautifuly hard nipples as the music crescendoed at the finale. This was what had stunned the family, along with plenty of other scenes of outright tits-a-blazing erotica. It was the hottest thing to hit the Mountain Valley that anyone could think of, and Addie and Colin were its hot-bodied naked stars.
Their mother asked them to stop, but she knew it was futile, knew it would go on, knew it would be the talk of the valley. Thank God for the lake house, she thought, already scheming to stay there more this summer, maybe every day of every week, just to get out of town into the blissful quiet. Away from the gossip. Far away from the summer bustle of theater nights.
This was okay with Addie and Colin. With Mom at the lake every day, and Dad heading there every Friday afternoon for the weekends, they'd have the house just outside of town to themselves more often than not, and they both tingled with delight at the thought of fucking each other silly after turning each other on like crazy on stage each night.
As things got rolling and show after show was performed, accidents occasionally happened. It was night five, with Colin beginning to feel nicely confident about his performance, when he started to feel his arousal more acutely. Part of it was Addie's glow as she herself was feeling confident, but part of it was something new for Colin, a growing awareness that he loved being sexual with people watching. And not just any people watching, they were often friends, many of them female, and female teachers from high school, and girls and women who work at the grocery store, the gas station, the bank, and other places. Yes, this was all becoming a serious turn-on for Colin, and one night his turn-on was so turned-on the adhesive on his genital guard -- a strapless thong called a Hibue -- was ripped from his body by his wild hard-on, the upward pointing cockiness of him showing for a quick few seconds in perfect silhouette during the final fucking scene, drawing an odd mix of gasps and sighing moans from the audience. He thanked God his mother wasn't there that night.
It proved to be a continuing problem. The wardrobe woman, Linda -- a married mother of three who was developing cravings for Colin's muscular young body -- tried stronger adhesive, and some extra flesh-colored sticky tabs after the glue busted free again another night. She even had a crazy dream one night about giving him a blowjob before each show, but when she woke the next morning she feared even that wouldn't control his youthful virility. His new love of exhibitionism, and his deep love for Addie, made him as hard as the dickens during every scene with her. Luckily, except for the finale, he was always wearing the golden bikini briefs, though they were skimpy and paper-thin and his frequent hard-ons during his performances were always an eye-opener for the audience.
A week later, the local arts and entertainment newspaper was published, the first issue since the play's opening. The review was quite good, especially for Addie and Colin.
"Oh my God, did you see this?" she said, her eyes wide and sparkling when she shoved the page in front of Colin. "Read it out loud. I can't believe it. I want to hear it out loud."
Colin wondered if it was horrible, but Addie's eyes looked excited and happy. He read aloud...
Glorious Strays Heats Up The Valley
A full house of 84 theatergoers at the Hole in the Ground Theater witnessed the World Premier of the new play by Victor Steblishun, Glorious Strays. The fictional story of two freshly invented mythological characters, Glorious, the wife of an unnamed god, and Hercule, a young Hercules type, both prancing around wearing very little, looking beautiful, speaking dialogue that is at times reasonable but sometimes sophomoric. The two brave actors playing these parts, carrying the entirety of the 74 minute play on their shoulders, do more than the best they can with the material, showing not only all of themselves but a freshness and energy as well.
The story revolves around Glorious succumbing to the charms of Hercule, or maybe it's the other way around, and in what may be the most brilliant casting decision this reviewer is aware of, the parts are played by a brother and sister, though the producer was quick to make clear they are in fact step-brother and step-sister, not blood related. Still, it is fascinating to contemplate the parallels, at least as far as taboo sexuality is concerned, which is, after all, what the play is about. This brother and sister do a quite excellent job all in all, Colin Moreau giving a brave young performance, and Addison Moreau shining even brighter, showing that her choice to study drama after leaving Mountain Valley High School was a good one.
Technically, the production is small but adequate, the costuming titillatingly minimal. The lighting design takes the concept of womanhood to new heights, guiding our eyes right inside the wisp of a negliee that Ms. Moreau wears for much of the night, lighting her 'Glorious' bosoms as if they are a character unto themselves. In fact they are a character, as is the lump of Hercule's manhood, and I must admit, this reviewer sat transfixed at the sight of the two of them for the entire 74 minutes.
I haven't written much about the plot because there isn't much of one. This new play is, after all, an exercise in visual erotica, and one has to wonder, is the Mountain Valley the place for such a thing? Maybe so; the buzz at the local restaurants and bars after the show was certainly loud and happy. I have a feeling the box office will be busy. If you have an inkling to see two beautiful young people dressed in very little and maybe (gasp!) nothing at all, I suggest you get your tickets soon, or live with your regret this long cold winter, that you missed this summer's hottest heat.
Colin's eyes sparkled like Addie's were. "Oh my God," he said. "He liked it! He liked us! He liked you!"
Addie smiled. "Let's go home. Mom and Dad are at the lake. Let's celebrate till the sun comes up."
-
Back at home, ready to celebrate, Addie went to her father's liquor cabinet, gently lifting a bottle of his good brandy and two bulbous snifter style glasses. Pouring some of the amber liquid into each glass, she inhaled its heady scent.
"I'm really glad Mom and Dad came back to see the play again last night," Addie said. "Mom told me they were embarrassed on opening night, with all the family there. They wanted to see it alone, with a regular audience."
"Yeah. It was a good night. I was glad they were there."
"I know. I love it when it gets a little rowdy. It's almost like a rock concert or something," said Addie. "And I love that we heard them fucking when we got home. Mom's a pretty good dirty talker. Not loud and crazy, but...fun."
Colin's eyes showed his memory of it, and his surprise at what he'd heard.
"So, I talked to John for a while today."
"Which one?" asked Colin, his eyes on Addie sipping her brandy. "Stage John?"
"No, Producer John. I was asking him how the theater got started. He really loves it, being in that business. It's so cool."
"Yeah, he's really nice."
"He also told me about some interesting history," said Addie. "Somehow the subject of the stagehands worrying about us getting busted for nudity came up, and he said he'd checked it all out and knew it was legal. Do you remember, when we were little, they put on a play there called Hair? I was a little theater nerd, I wanted to go see it but Mom wouldn't let me, said it was too 'adult'. It turns out it's a play that's famous for nudity. Full, all the way nudity. Pussies and cocks and all of it. John said he and his lawyer had looked into it before they staged it, and they found out some interesting stuff. Back in the eighteen-hundreds this valley was all logging camps. We learned all about that in school, remember? But what they didn't tell us is that the Valley Hotel on Main Street was a huge, famous whore house. John called it a cat house. He said his lawyer found out they used to have a big bar and a stage and they had real live sex shows. He said the horny mayor had it written into law that it was okay, and it's one of those old laws nobody knows about that's still on the books. He said they checked again last fall when they were thinking about staging our play, and it's still the same."
"Wow, that's good. So nobody has to worry. I wasn't, really, but..."
"Yeah, it's all good," said Addie. "I love that. I don't know why, but I feel better. Want to hear the fun part, though? John sort of hinted, hardly at all but I think I could see it, that if you and I want to show a little more I think we can."
"Seriously?"
Addie nodded. "I mean, you can't most of the time, because of your problem. You need your little bikini briefs to control things. We can't go crazy or anything. But I was thinking, I might want to...go a little further."
Colin's eyes twinkled, now knowing for sure that Addie enjoyed exhibitionism as much as he did. "What are you thinking?"
"The finale, on the bed. We both wear those genital guards now, but...what if I don't. It says right in the script that it's up to me whether I do or not. What if I show my pussy. It'd be, like, the ultimate visual of Glorious giving herself to Hercule. I know the lights make us look dark in that scene, in silhouette, the audience sees it that way, but I think they'd see me. I know they would. Maybe even, if the director lets us, I could show it and you could put your hand there, touching me. I want to hear the audience gasp. I love that. And I was thinking of more, too. Those accidents you've had in the last scene, with your guard, your hard cock showing. I think...it's okay."
"Addie, what are you saying?"
"I'm saying you can put your cock in me, for real at the end, and really fuck me if you want to, but only if nobody knows but us."
Colin's head was spinning with all this new information, this new plan of Addie's. "Addie, that's...crazy."
"I know," she said, eyes twinkling. "I want to try it. I'll ask John and make sure the bare pussy part of it is okay. The rest we'll keep secret."
Colin nodded mindlessly, unsure of anything anymore.
A little while later, drinking brandy from snifters, fully nude on Addie's bed after sixty-nining each other to writhing, cum-swallowing orgasms, Addie had an idea.
"Should we practice? For tomorrow? Should we get into the final scene's position and maybe see how sneakily you can get your cock inside me?"
"No, it's easy, I can do it."
"What about the guard thingie?" she asked. "Maybe you can ask Linda to use less glue, so it's easier."
Colin nodded, thinking.
Addie smirked. "What's up with you and her? Does she help you with all that gluing? In your dressing room?"
"Yeah, but...don't say anything. She's always saying her husband wouldn't like it if he knew about that part of her job."
"That part? You mean the part of you that gets hard so easily?" said Addie, slyly smiling. "She must see it like that sometimes, right?"
Colin nodded, blushing, too embarrassed to admit he's hard in Linda's presence almost all the time, letting her pretend to struggle with getting him glued, held down and 'guarded', her lovely flirtatious eyes and often cold hands making him moan under his breath each time she handles his 'problem'.
"Is she why you started shaving your pubes?" asked Addie. "Did she suggest it?"
"Yeah, the glue works better when I'm all smooth."
"I've heard the buzzing in there, in your dressing room. Does she watch you shave?"
"No, I used to do it at home, but...she sorta said maybe it could be done better, so she brought in a shaver and...now...I sorta let her do...all of it."
"Allof it?" asked Addie, her eyes happily wide. "So I've got nice quiet Linda to thank for your nice smooth balls, huh? Wow, I never would have guessed that about her, but...yeah, I guess I can see it. Jesus, Colin. My brother the player." Addie smiled. "No wonder you're all riled up when you get on stage. What are you wearing when she does all that?"
Colin's blush felt even warmer. "Nothing."
"Damn! Linda! Every night, too, right? I hear the buzzing."
Colin nodded. "The glue works better...when I'm really smooth."
Addie smiled, happy to know the naughty details but not wanting to embarrass Colin anymore. It struck her that Linda would probably love to oil him up with some slippery aftershave lotion, but that would ruin the glue.
Addie had so many more questions -- has she hand-jobbed you? How close is her face when she does all this 'work'? Has she ever given in to temptation and blown you? But she didn't ask, didn't want to steal any more of Linda's fun secrets.
Sipping her brandy, then placing it carefully on her bedside table, Addie rolled face down, kept her shoulders and head relaxedly down on her bed as she lifted and wagged her twenty-first-century booty, ready for some fun. "Eat my ass. I love it when you do that."
Colin smiled, got comfortable behind her, wiggled his nose deep between her round, fleshy buttocks as his long tongue went on a pleasurable journey, lapping upward through the wet cleft of her pussy, tickling the little area of tight smooth skin above it, toying with her asshole, then backtracking and searching for and finding her clit, his face buried deep between her cheeks, right where it makes her moan. After a nice little while, with Addie halfway to cumming, he smirked as he asked, "Want me to practice fucking you sneaky, so no one knows, or..."
" No.Shoveit in me," Addie breathily commanded. "Fuckin' fuck me, Colin. Fuck me all fuckin' night."
--
The next evening, a full house at the Hole in the Ground Theater--the ninth sell-out in a row--saw Colin and Addie prancing around wearing very little, looking beautiful, speaking dialogue that's at times reasonable but sometimes sophomoric. It wasn't the dialogue that held the audience rapt, though. No, it never had been. It was Addie's grandiose breasts, lit with perfection to make them so very visible, and Colin's oft aroused lump of manhood, so thinly and skimpily costumed as to be gasp-worthy. It was the thrilling shock of seeing Addie's wide-open mouth on that thin-covered lump of arousal, and seeing Colin's hands so far up under the curvy weight of those stunningly nippled breasts, breasts that could easily win Addie the title of 'Best tits in the Mountain Valley'. These were the things the audiences were flocking to the theater to see -- the beautifully acted dry humping from behind, the oft wobbling jiggles of Addie's bosom, the repeating thrill of seeing Colin hardening up again, stretching the clinging gold fabric of his little bikini brief. And there were the bed scenes with the hot kissing, one with Addie leaning over Colin, her hand cupping the real-life hardness of his arousal, her breasts hanging under her so beautifully in the reddish spotlit light. These scenes, and many more, held the audience rapt, occasionally gasping, sighing, or whooping their delight. The music from the small orchestra behind the curtain kept the atmosphere mysterious and hushed, and the shadowy blackness that Addie and Colin seemed to luminesce from also surrounded the audience members minds, giving everyone a darkened place to dream.
After nearly seventy minutes in this fantasy world, the golden bed loomed in gilt-edged silhouette, and Addie was on it, and breath was heard escaping from people's mouths when they saw that she was now finally fully nude, even her pussy was bare. The white light from behind her outlined her full and stunning nudity, this the first director-approved night of her complete bareness, the wisps of her theatrically combed pussy hair standing up proudly in silhouette for their debut. Colin was there, between her spread, knees-up legs, himself now bare-assed, wearing just his little flesh-colored guard on the hidden front of him, the rumpled golden bedsheet hiding things just enough. The new way of playing this scene was taking shape, Addie lifting her ass off the bed, moaning so lovingly as the palm of Colin's hand pressed against her pussy, his soft lips kissing her just below her belly button, drawing gasps from some women in the audience, gasps that made Addie smile. Lowering her ass, she thrust her hard-nippled breasts up high, her eyes sparkling when she heard a man moan.
Her eyes sparkled even more and she herself moaned when Colin's cock slowly and gently fucked its way into her, Addie thrilled that he'd so deftly unglued his guard and was doing it, this wildly naughty thing that she wasn't sure he'd actually do. Yes, she was being deeply fucked in front of an audience of eighty-four rapt souls; good souls, she could tell. As Colin claimed her tits with his hands the same man moaned again, and she watched Colin lean down, her loving eyes seeing him slowly lick her nipples as his smoothly rhythmic thrusting kept fucking her so deeply, and an orgasm burned through her, the purest kind of euphoria, her thrilled eyes telling Colin it was all she could do keep her new and different writhes looking somewhat proper and practiced. Thank God theatrical moans are aloud to be loud.
Up in his high, stage-left perch, the lighting director was the only one in attendance who knew, his surprised eyes seeing all of it -- the shining cock fucking Addie's glistening pussy, the stunning orgasm in her eyes, the look of ecstasy on Colin's face. So he held the light for some extra seconds of this secret debauchery, the orchestra holding their notes, holding for the rising crescendo until they saw the slow fade-out beginning, the swelling music and the cymbal crash finally freeing Colin's orgasmic mind, a new, never-done-it-this-way-before theatrically loud moan leaving his mouth as his cum was pulsing out of him deep inside Addie's tight pussy, just as the lights went to black and the curtain closed.
Colin, red-faced, dumfounded and in a whirl, trotted off stage with Addie, holding his glistening, still-mighty-hard cock down with both his hands.
"Oh my God! Colin! You've got a real problem with that thing!" said wardrobe woman Linda. Shoving the robes for their curtain call into his and Addie's hands, she assumed this was yet another instance of Colin's powerful arousal overwhelming the strength of the genital guard's glue. But then...
"Wait! Oh my God! Come with me, you can't go out like that," she said, astonished to see the tell-tale glaze of fucking on Colin's cock, and cum literally dripping from the still horny-looking tip of it. Taking his hand and running with him into his closet-size dressing room, she flung the door shut, grabbed his still-hard cock and quickly began milking the dripping cum out of it onto a tissue. "You can't fuck her out there! You two are crazy!"
Colin nodded, stunned, not saying anything. He saw a new and fiery but sultry look in Linda's lovely middle-aged eyes, one he recognized as envious lust. This firm, swift milking felt so good it made him harder and made him moan, but the clock was ticking, and his golden bikini briefs were tossed to him, and Linda encouraged him to "Hurry!" as she watched him put it on and attempt to tuck-in the cock that she couldn't get out of her thoughts. "Just...leave it up," she said, taking over the job, adjusting him so the horny-looking tip and a couple hard inches were protruding out the top, held tight against his belly by the briefs. "Go!" he heard her say as he bolted out the door. "Put on your robe!"
Quickly donning it and belting it, seeing Addie eagerly waiting for him, her womanly curves nicely swaddled in her white robe, he took her hand and she led him out into the bright lights again, and they soaked up the adulation of the happy audience. Waving at the whistling and whooping standing ovation of the full house, he and Addie turned their heads toward each other, smiling, with lust and love glistening in their eyes. They leaned in and kissed each other on the lips, a soft kiss but one two seconds too long to call platonic, and their sparkling, loving eyes lingered on each other even longer, and those in the audience who saw their true love cheered even louder. Addie and Colin, holding hands there in the bright spotlight, took a bow.
-
The next day, Colin walked rather sheepishly into the theater to begin his preparations for the night's performance. It was Linda he was embarrassed to see, and she was there, talking to the producer, John, outside his office.
"Colin, ready to knock 'em dead tonight?" asked John, with a strange crooked smile on his face. "Linda volunteered to talk to you about something. Use my office. Is...Addie here?"
Colin nodded. "She will be. She went across the street to get a coffee."
"Okay," said John. "I'll send her in when she gets here."
Walking into the empty office with Linda, Colin wondered if it was all over, he and Addie fired, her nice career in local theater going up in the smoke of scandal.
Linda closed the door behind him. "Colin, I want you to know I didn't say anything. I wouldn't. I didn't."
Colin nodded, seeing the seriousness on her face. "Fuck, Linda. What's happening?"
"That prick Donello. He saw what happened. He saw...what you and Addie did last night."
Colin knew Donello, liked him alright, knew he...oh my God, his lighting director controls are...up where he could see...everything!
"He told people, Colin. Everybody knows. You know how crews are at these things. A bunch of partiers and gossips."
"So...what now?" asked Colin, just as Addie opened the door and entered.
She saw the worried looks, listened as Linda told her everything, had tears in her eyes, her face blushing as she thought the worst was yet to come. Scandal. A bad reputation. Maybe ending up in that porn career she was kidding about a while back.
"There's good news, though," Linda said. "John's a sweetheart of a guy, he really loves you two. He got pissed at the crew last night after you left, made them half believe nothing had happened, told them all to keep it quiet or he'd make sure they couldn't get jobs around here again. He explained to us all how big this play is, how it single-handedly wiped out all the theater's past financial troubles, and he told all of us, the whole crew, that we're getting a profit-sharing check when it's all over at the end of August."
"Oh my God," said Addie. "So...what's it all mean?"
"It means you better stop fucking on stage, and you better be ready for some funny looks from the crew for a few days. That's it. The rest...John hopes it all goes like it has, you two steaming up the place every night, sending the audience home happy and horny." Linda's eyes twinkled. "But stop fucking on stage!"
Massively relived, Addie smirked. "Why did John askyouto talk to us?"
Linda blushed. "I think...he knew that I knew. And he knows that...Addie, you know how it is. Dressers are usually closest to the crew. Friendship wise, you know? Maybe especially on a show like this one."
Addie nodded, knowing it to be true, knowing Linda and Colin's closeness was even closer.
--
Gradually, as the dog days of another mountain summer wore on, Addie and Colin's mother found her way back to town more often, smiling now at the talk of the town, which wasn't gossip anymore, just praise and adulation for her daughter and stepson, for the excitement they were bringing to the local nightlife scene. Addie and Colin were well and truly the stars of the summer, regularly asked for autographs, and regularly propositioned, which neither of them minded much. Colin, in particular, was having the summer of his life, enjoying 'afternoon delights' with some of the locals and 'summer people,' some of them girls his age and quite a few of them older women. Addie's friend Callie was one of them, and so was Callie's divorced mother, though Callie didn't know about that. Both of them, it turns out, are fine cocksuckers, though very different, Callie's mother being more moaning and slobbery, in the wet, hungry and fun kind of way.
In mid August Addie found herself regularly fucking a wealthy, older summer man, a software developer named Geoff who spends his summers in a small but luxurious mountain home perched on a cliff, and of course she was still having fun sex with Colin whenever opportunity presented itself, but it was less often now with Geoff in her life and her mother around more.
As closing night was approaching, now less than a week away, Linda cherished her private time with Colin, nightly shaving all around his always hard cock, and doing his tight young balls for good measure. He's always naked, and he always slouches back languidly in the chair in his tiny dressing room, the door shut tight, Linda in close between his spread legs, her delight in these quiet moments effervescing from her lovely, sparkling eyes. The blowjob that they both nightly dream about never happens, Colin knowing she's doing her best to stay faithful to her nice husband, but the shaving sessions have been, shall we say, more tightly gripped lately, Linda's method of keeping the big hard cock out of the way of her work becoming something not unlike a handjob, a few minutes of bliss that always get's Colin nicely in the mood for his horny exhibitionism on stage. He thought to himself one night, maybe that's the secret of the magic of the theater: a dresser who knows just how to handle things.
Closing night, on the last day of August, was sad, and happy, tearful and joyful. The crew gave the cast presents, a huge golden dildo for Addie, and a bronze bust of an ample bosom for Colin. Both the gifts brought laughs, the after-party a joyous and sexy occasion that no one wanted to end. Linda's husband showed up for the last half-hour of it, so Colin didn't get to give her the out-in-the-open big kiss he'd planned, but he realized it was better that way, so as not to embarrass her. Instead, he waited until she went to gather her things, and he swept her into his arms in the darkness and he kissed her like he meant it, the cock in his tight jeans hardening against her as she quietly moaned. "Thanks," he said, looking into her surprised, rapturous eyes. "Thanks for everything. You made it...really fun."
"You're dangerous, do you know that?" she said, her sparkling eyes brightening her growing smirk. "Fuck, Colin, how am I going to get you out of my head?"
"Don't. I like being in there."
Linda smiled and nodded. "Till next time, I guess, huh? I can't believe it's all over. Wow, what a summer."
-
With the first frost already forecast, Colin, Addie and their mom and dad closed up the summer house, draining its rudimentary water system, shuttering the windows, loading all the perishables into the boat to take home. Firewood was split and stacked for the boathouse woodstove, ready to take the chill off some hoped-for days of ice fishing.
Addie needed to get back to college for the fall semester of her senior year, but she stretched her time at home for an extra couple of days, she and Colin taking the boat back to the boathouse, each with an overnight bag, the cooler filled with good beer and a bottle of whiskey and some food their mother had prepared. Just minutes after they arrived, Addie stripped off her shirt and her jeans, showing Colin the wildly sexy bra and panties she'd recently ordered and had delivered to the house.
"You like? It's a new color for me."
Colin's eyes lit up with love and newly simmering lust, watching as Addie slid open the glass door, the marvelous wiggle of her ass captivating him as she walked out onto the balcony. The daylight of a warmish late-season mountain day made her smooth skin nearly shimmer, her hair tousling in the gentle breeze, her hands lightly on the railing as she arched her back, giving her glorious breasts to the lake once again. Seeing her ass thrust toward him, even if it was just a lovely stretch of her back, was too much for Colin to ignore, so he went to her, and he was quickly to his knees, pulling down her brand new panties, and he buried his face between her ass cheeks the way that always makes her moan. Addie held the railing as she bent herself lower, posturing her ass so Colin had full access to her wet and ready pussy. He ate of it with moaning hunger, wishing he could have done this on stage, but doing it here in this paradise was truly just as good, up high above the shimmering waves, overlooking the lake, and the mountains, and the sky where Glorious lives with her god, and he stood and he shoved his cock into her in the way that always makes her yelp with delight. "Colin!...Yes!...Oh my God!...Oh my God, yes!"
-
Two days later, with the blinding sun behind her, lighting the horizon golden, Addie's senior year at college seemed to hang in the blue sky like a carrot on a stick. Smiling, she sped down the highway toward it, leaving her beloved Mountain Valley behind for now. Fast as she could safely go, her car seemed to float on air, heading toward her bright future.