Sunday morning, Charlotte was slurping on a cup of coffee when her mother came into the kitchen. Her father and brother had already left to travel to an away football match.
"Morning, mum," the teenager smiled.
"Don't morning me, young lady," Fiona smiled. "What were you doing in my bedroom yesterday?" The mother poured herself a coffee and joined her daughter.
"I'm sorry, mum," Charlotte giggled. "I was putting some clean underwear in your room when I saw that thing in the corner. I didn't know what it was."
"Well, when I found you, it looked like you knew exactly what it was."
"I figured it out by then. It's not rocket science," Charlotte giggled again.
"I told your father to put it away, but you still shouldn't have gone into my bedroom, Charlotte." Fiona drank her coffee, deciding there was little value to be gained in telling her daughter off.
"Do you use it together?"
"What me and your father do inside the privacy of our own bedroom is none of your business."
"Sorry, mum, I didn't mean to pry."
"As your mother it's my turn to pry. Are you sexually active, Charlotte?"
"I am now!" the teenager laughed.
Fiona chuckled. "I meant have you had sexual intercourse with a boy yet?"
"I know what you meant, mum. No. I haven't had sex with anybody yet."
Fiona looked at her daughter, shocked but mightily relieved. "Good. You need to find a steady boyfriend who loves you first. I guess you'll be wanting to use the Sybian again."
"It's a strange name to call a sex toy," the teenager mused.
"It's named after the Ancient Greek city Sybaris. A city of luxury and pleasure seeking, apparently. The Sybian is the original sex machine."
"It's also amazing!" Charlotte blushed. "Look, I'm sorry, but one thing led to another, and before I knew it, I was... you know..."
"Yes. I saw it with my own eyes."
"Can I use it again... if I clean it before and after use?"
"We'll have to get you your own attachments. It's not healthy to share things like that. But yes, you can use it as long as you only use it in your bedroom, and you never use it when other people are in the house."
"Pinkie promise, I won't!" the teenager giggled, excited.
"I have two attachments I haven't used yet, so you can have those for now."
"I can't wait. Don't you have some shopping to do today?" Charlotte laughed.
"Just be careful you don't become addicted to the Sybian," Fiona grinned.
While the two women finished their coffee, Fiona could see the itchy excitement in her daughter. She thought letting Charlotte use her sex machine would significantly decrease the risk of her spreading her legs for just any guy and end up pregnant.
"Would you like me to show you the two attachments you can have?"
"Would you?" Charlotte beamed.
"Come on, let's take a look."
Mother and daughter climbed the stairs together and went into Fiona's bedroom. Charlotte was bouncing around with anticipation as her mother opened a drawer and took out two unused attachments.
"This one is the orb attachment. It can be used from either direction." Fiona explained, handing it over to her daughter. Charlotte studied its shape. "The elevated side is gradually sloped to contour your labia while the sphere on top massages your clitoral area."
"Wow. I think I'll try this one now," the teenager decided.
"Wait until you see the other one first," Fiona grinned, taking out the second attachment.
Charlotte put the orb down and held the triple delight attachment across two hands as if it were a bar of gold. "Wow."
"This is a triple stimulator. While these soft, supple bumps here provide simultaneous clitoral and anal stimulation, this gently curved end massages your g-spot, delivering pleasurable internal vibrations and rotations."
"I definitely want to try this one first!" Charlotte exclaimed.
"Are you sure?" Fiona smirked.
"Yes! Can I take the Sybian into my room, mum?"
"I think I should supervise you for your first few experiences. After all, you're a novice at this."
Charlotte shrugged. "Ok."
Together, they moved the Sybian into the centre of the room before Fiona taught her daughter how to fix the attachment. It wasn't exactly difficult. The pair felt they were ready, but once everything was set up, mother and daughter truly realised what they were about to do. The treacherous journey they were about to embark on.
"Now what? Do we just just naked?" Charlotte wondered.
"I... I don't know," Fiona recoiled.
"I will if you will?" her daughter said. I'm only wearing this dress."
"You mean to say you're not wearing any underwear, but you had breakfast with your brother and father this morning?"
"Yeah," the teenager shrugged again.
"Charlotte! You little harlot! At least I'm wearing panties under my dress. I think we should keep our clothes on."
"Ok, so I'll just hitch my dress up and sit on the Sybian again."
"That's fine. I'm ready when you are." Fiona smiled with dread while her daughter didn't appear fazed at all. "Are you ok, mum? Do you feel awkward or anything?"
"Well, we're about to experiment together with the Sybian. It's hardly a natural thing for a mother and daughter to do, is it?" Fiona swallowed, while her daughter smirked, thinking about the pleasure they were about to share together. "Do you think this is a good idea?"
"You suggested it, mum," Charlotte giggled. "But yeah, I'm up for doing this along as you are?"
"Uh... well... I guess I did say I'd teach you."
"We're just two consenting adults having fun, right?" Charlotte sensed her mother was about to back out at any moment.
"Yes, of course. It's just... well... once we do this... there's no undoing it."
"I know." Charlotte was fully committed.
"And it doesn't matter how we dress this up, or what we tell ourselves, we will always be mother and daughter."
"You've already seen me sat on top of that thing. Just show me this once, mum. Just this once and then I promise I'll only use it in my bedroom when nobody is home."
Fiona now felt terrible for suggesting the idea, but she knew she'd also feel terrible if she did a u-turn on her daughter at the very last minute. To bring her this far when she could have handled the situation differently, Fiona knew it would affect Charlotte negatively, and create an awkwardness between them that could last for God knows how long.
"Ok, Charlotte. Now take up your position on the Sybian. Be sure to use plenty of lube to begin with."
The teenager excitedly applied lots of lube to the triple stimulator before straddling the Sybian. Her pussy was already excited. Charlotte couldn't wait to get the stimulator inside her sex and have it stimulating her.
"Take it easy, Charlotte," Fiona smiled at her daughter's uninhibited eagerness.
The teenager raised her dress high enough to expose her mound to her mother. Fiona's heart skipped a couple of beats when she saw her daughter's pubic mound had been shaven completely bald. She concentrated her gaze a little closer and noticed how Charlottes labia was closed, barely showing much except for a line down the middle. The mature woman wished her lips still looked as neat as that, instead of sticking out.
Fiona then watched as her daughter positioned those closed lips above the tip of the curved attachment. She rubbed her pussy softly back and forth, sighing at the sensations it created. Her mother gulped and sat down on the bed, suddenly feeling lightheaded.
"I love how it feels when I do that," the teenager confessed, then lowered herself so the curved end penetrated her tight pussy.
Fiona became aroused watching her daughter slowly easing the curved end into her body. Charlotte closed her eyes, moaning as she moved up and down, allowing more of it to enter her each time she lowered her body.
"How does it feel?" Fiona asked, aroused.
"Amazing," her daughter sighed. "I just want to bounce up and down on it, but I know I'll probably hurt myself if I do."
"Just keep it slow, Charlotte. There's no rush." Fiona had her legs tight together to stop her from touching herself.
The teenager was finally impaled on the triple stimulator. She could feel the curve rubbing against her g-spot as she gently swayed her hips.
"Are you ready for some vibration?" Fiona was now very excited.
"You're teaching me, remember?" Charlotte sighed sexually with a cute giggle.
Fiona got down on her knees in front of her daughter and picked up the remote control, just like the day before. Charlotte simply leaned back and waited for her body to start feeling the power of the Sybian.
"Here it comes," Fiona smiled, slowly turning the vibration dial.
"Ohhhhhh," I can feel it. Ohhhhhhh, mum."
"Where can you feel it?" Her mother was excited for her daughter.
"Everywhere!"
Charlotte's mouth opened and she began to moan as the soft, supple bumps stimulated her arse and clit while the gentle curve stimulated her internally. She closed her eyes and began to rub her tongue across her top lip. Fiona studied her daughter's response for a few moments before she turned the dial a little higher.
"Fuuuuck! I'm cuuuuuuming!" The added vibration stimulated the teenagers g-spot so intensely it sent her hurling forwards to grab hold of the front edge of the machine. "Ohhhhh! Ohhhhh! Fuck! Ohhhhh!"
Fiona was frozen, watching her daughter gyrating her hips as the triple stimulator blew her young mind to pieces. The mother was instantly flushed with heightened arousal. She thought Charlotte looked so sexy having an orgasm before slowly turning the dial back to allow her to recover.
"Fuck. That was crazy intense, mum."
"It looked it," Fiona chuckled. "Let me know when you want to go again."
Charlotte took a few deep breaths. "Sorry, mum, but I need to be naked for this next one." Fiona laughed while her daughter removed her dress, exposing her full naked body and small pert breasts. "Ok, hit me with it again."
Fiona turned the vibration dial just a quarter. "Ohhhhhh, God! Yes!" Charlotte started moaning again, then her mother turned the rotation dial, not taking her eyes of her naked daughter for a second. "Uhhhhhh! Uhhhhhh! I'm gonna cum again! Fuck! I can't handle this thing! Ohhh!"
Fiona had a little chuckle to herself as Charlotte gripped onto the edge with two hands and arched her back. She couldn't move. The teenager just tensed into the position, panting and whining as the triple stimulator vibrated and rotated deep inside her pussy. Just in the nick of time, Fiona managed to turn the dials off and grab her daughter as she fell forwards.
"Oh my God, mum! That was incredible!"
Fiona was smiling as she held her daughter in her arms, rubbing Charlotte's back and soothing her like a sleepy child while she rode out the dying waves of her orgasm.
"You did good, sweetie. I wish I'd kept that attachment for myself now," Fiona chuckled once more. "How are you feeling after that experience, Charlotte?"
"I genuinely thought I was going to pass out."
"Perhaps we should use a lower setting next time," Fiona suggested. "We better get you off the Sybian now. I think that's enough for today."
Charlotte slowly supported her own body weight but kept her arms around her mother's neck. "But it's your turn now."
"No, I think I'll leave it for today," Fiona's lust was dying out, but then her daughter lunged forwards and planted her lips against her mothers.
The kiss was unplanned, unexpected, and so sudden, Fiona found herself kissing her daughter back without hesitation. They held one another and kissed in an erotically taboo moment, exploring each other's mouths softly with their tongues for a good, few minutes.
"Sorry, mum, I just had to kiss you."
"It's ok, Charlotte."
"Honestly?" The teenager was worried, but she felt she'd only followed her heart's desire. Fiona smiled and took the lead on their second kiss, slipping her tongue back inside Charlotte's mouth to show her it was honestly ok.
By the time, the two had finished kissing, and Fiona helped free her daughter from the Sybian, the mother's mature pussy was more than ready to take on the sex machine. And after watching her daughters exhausting experience with the triple stimulator, the mum wanted some of it to.
Kissing her daughter passionately had turned the mother on so much it caused Fiona to neglect cleaning the attachment and applying fresh lube. She straddled the Sybian, but then did suddenly remember she was about to pleasure herself in front of her daughter for the first time.
"What are you waiting for, mum?" Charlotte giggled, excited to watch how her mother managed the Sybian. "Get on that bad-boy and show me how it's done."
Fiona laughed at her daughter's exuberance as she slowly lowered herself onto the gentle curve and down its length. She kept it all under her dress, but Charlotte still became mesmerised watching her mother's face contort in pleasure.
Fiona consciously moaned as quietly as she could, because of Charlotte sitting only a few feet in front of her on the edge of the bed. The muscles in her thighs were tense while inside her pussy the muscles were contracting around the triple stimulator.
"Ohhhhhhhhh, uhhhhhhh," Fiona was forced to increase the volume of her moaning as she gently rode the attachment for a few warmup minutes.
"How does it feel, mum?" Charlotte was giddy, grinning from ear to ear whilst taking mental notes on how her mother slowly rode cock.
"Wonderful," Fiona breathed, closing her eyes. "Just pure wonderful."
Leaning forwards with one hand at the front of the Sybian, and the other resting on her thigh, Fiona began to fuck the attachment vigorously, loving how the gentle curve rubbed against her g-spot.
"Mum," Charlotte giggled, when one side of her mother's dress slipped down her arm, exposing her right breast. "Mum."
Fiona was unaware of the slip, and that she was flashing her tit and engorged, sensitive nipple at her daughter. She was too focussed on bouncing her body. Her moans grew louder and louder the more her g-spot rubbed against the sex toy. It wouldn't be long now, and she would be climaxing in front of Charlotte for the first time.
Excitement coursed through the teenager's veins as she watched wild eyed, her mother about to cum on the Sybian. The hairs on the back of Charlotte's neck were standing on end. She thought it was better than any porno she'd watched.
"Turn the dials for me, Charlotte," Fiona sighed. Her daughter rushed for the remote control and asked her mother what setting she wanted. "Turn the vibration up slowly. I'll tell you when."
Charlotte carefully turned the vibration dial, making sure her excitement didn't have her blasting her mother off the Sybian.
"Ohhhhh, a little more, Charlotte. Ohhhhh, that's it. Ohhhhh, that's perfect."
Fiona found the vibration setting she needed and knelt upright once more. The other side of her dress slipped, and her mature C cup breasts were now on display in all their glory. She grabbed and squeezed them softly whilst moaning on the Sybian.
"Give me some rotation, Charlotte," Fiona breathed.
Charlotte giggled and turned the rotation dial until her mother once again told her to stop. The teenager then put the remote control down and studied her mother's movements. Fiona was simply sitting on the Sybian, kneading her breasts and playing with her nipples while the triple stimulated took its turn to ruin her pussy. With no control whatsoever, the mother was forced to cum in front of her daughter.
"Ohhhhhh, uhhhhhh, ohhhhhhh, Charlotte!"
"Are you ok, mum? Do you want me to turn it off?"
"No! I'm going to cum again! Ohhhhhhhh!"
Charlotte thought her mother also looked beautiful and sexy in the throes of an orgasm. She wanted to kiss her again until her orgasm subsided.
"Now you can turn it off," Fiona panted.
With a giggle, Charlotte ended her mothers experience with the Sybian. But Fiona couldn't move for a few moments. She sat perfectly still, gasping for breath at the ceiling as waves of pleasure travelled throughout her body.
"I swear this thing is better than actual sex," the mother sighed, before eventually freeing herself.
Thick vaginal juice covered the attachment. It slimed down the length and Charlotte was amazed how messy her mother's back-to-back orgasms were. "How was that, mum?"
"The best ride it's given me yet," Fiona replied, pulling up her dress straps to cover her breasts.
"You looked like you were having a great time," Charlotte chuckled. "You can't half moan, mum."
Fiona blushed while she wiped down the dildo before removing the attachment and putting it away. "Oh, dear. I hope I wasn't too loud and embarrassing."
"Who cares. It's only us in the house."
"I'm going for a shower to freshen up, then I'll make a start on lunch."
"Ok, mum."
Charlotte watched her mother go into the bathroom, but she didn't hear the door lock. A mischievous thought popped into her head. "Surprise your mother by joining her in the shower," it said. The teenager grabbed her towel but stopped just short of opening the door when she heard the water running.
"Should I go in and shower with my mum?" Charlotte pondered...