One of my all time favourite things is to wear high heels, black stockings and a garter belt with no panties. Put a nice skin-tight sexy mini-dress on top of this and take me dancing to a crowded club with a sexy driving beat. This is where I really come sexually alive. I love the sleazy attention of horny men when I'm dressed like this and acting like a total slut! My huge firm tits pushing the limits of the material of the skin-tight mini dress, as I dance and sway with my partner of choice. Feeling their hands all over the second skin of my dress, teasing and enticing my curvy figure. Feeling the guys playing with my tits and ass, running their manly hands up my small waist as we enjoy the music and undoubted sexual charge of the dance. When my dance partner turns me around so my ass is in their crotch and we grind into each other, this is what thrills me most, as their trouser covered cock pushes between my butt cheeks and if I arch my back and bend slightly I can feel their material coated cock slide between my shaved pussylips. I often push harder on their cocks at this point and encourage them to touch my tits and shaved pussy.
The crowded dance floor hides a multitude of sexual activities, but I always try to ensure that my husband can witness all of the sexual action as this feeds his voyeuristic cravings. If the floor is really crowded With thronging couples, I will place my hands inside the trousers of my partner and stroke their hard smooth cock. Sometimes I even get their cocks out and guide them toward my shaved pussy, rubbing their bone hard erections against my shaved slit. If the moment allows, I will slide their cock inside my pussy for a sneaky fuck on the crowded floor. Not always to a happy ending, but its rather naughty getting a sneaky cock inside you for a sexual thrill and the guy has a little story for his friends. Once I even slid a guy's cock inside my ass. He'd been dirty dancing with me for a good twenty minutes and my state of arousal was extremely high.
I leant back into his crotch after unzipping his cock, and guided his cock to my shaved pussy, but with the congestion of the dance floor, he moved forward and his cock pushed against my tight asshole. I was so aroused, I pushed back against his cock as the hard shaft prod into my sphincter and slid up my ass effortlessly. He fucked my ass for a good five minutes, shooting his spunk deep in my dirt box. I let his cock slide out of my ass with most of his cum landing on the crowded dance floor, and helped his cock back into his trousers. I turned round to kiss him deeply and left the dance floor with a slight trickle of his spunk running down my stockinged thigh to return to my awaiting husband. I'd just been fucked up the ass and didn't even know his name!
My husband was thrilled at my antics that night and couldn't wait until we got home, and fucked me frantically in the back alley of the club as two guys looked on jerking their cocks. Hubby encouraged me to suck their cocks which I willingly agreed to and swallowed their loads as hubby emptied his sac into my tender well fucked ass. Hubby can't believe how much of a dirty cheating slut he has married. In my everyday life I am a normal housewife but with my looks and figure, and once I'm dressed for action you would expect me to be the ultimate slut. In normal everyday circumstances, I blend in to society and conform in every way, but dress my 36DD-23-36 figure in slutty sexy stockings and skin-tight dresses, then the slut appears like magic and my husband loves every minute of my unfaithful behaviour and I must admit that I do love the freedom of being a complete and total cock hungry slut.
The following weekend at the same club, the guy who fucked my ass come over to dance with me. Hubby waved me onto the dance floor with my anal intruder and we merged into the crowded dance floor for what I was sure to be a re-run of last weeks events. My heart was pounding at the prospect of more slutty ass fucking. We were dancing close and dirty, with his hands gliding over my huge breast, tiny waist and rubbing my firm ass and shaved pussy, when he turned me round and I arched my back into his crotch. I knew what was about to occur as he moved my skintight dress over my buttocks, revealing my naked ass with my suspender straps digging into my pale flesh. He held his cock at the base and began to push his released cock toward my asshole again. I was ready to push back when suddenly a guy dancing in front of me turned around facing me and pushed his crotch into my exposed shaved pussy. I felt the heat from his crotch as he kissed me passionately on the mouth. I moaned with delight as his tongue explored my mouth, as my partner behind me slid his cock beyond my sphincter.
My partner at the front looked down to see my shaved pussy framed by black stockings and suspenders. His hand went down and pushed two fingers deep inside my cunt. He looked somewhat startled when he felt my pussy internals moving with the cock in my ass pushing against my flesh. He took his cock out of his trousers and slipped his hard cock straight up my pussy. I'm on the dance floor being double penetrated by two complete strangers. I came instantly and held onto my lover in front as I felt my legs buckling with extreme sexual delight. He began squeezing my huge breasts as his cock slid in and out of my shaved pussy. I put my arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. His tongue swirled with mine as his cock and my ass fucking partners cock took me to a sexual high I'd never experienced. I kissed his neck and began to lick his ear as I whispered.
"Fuck me and cum inside me!"
He pushed his cock deep inside me as I felt both cocks stretch me, then like sexual magic and in perfect unison, both cocks gushed a healthy stream of hot spicy spunk in both of my tight holes. I convulsed with desire as the hot hard flesh of both cocks emptied inside me. My ass fucking partner was squeezing my left breast and my pussy fucking partner was squeezing my right breast and kissing me passionately as they slid their cocks out of my defiled holes simultaneously. Their spunk poured out of my holes onto the floor, with just a tiny trickle running down my ass crack and a small stream slithering out of my pussy and down my black stockinged thigh. Both guys smoothed my dress down and we left the crowded dance floor separately. My husband could not see all of the action but I took great pleasure in regaling the tale as he finger fucked my cum drenched pussy in our booth.
The guy who fucked my pussy, walked past our booth and I smiled with my legs akimbo as hubby plunged his digits into my insatiable cunt, as I fucked back against his hand. He came over to the booth with a huge cheeky grin plastered all over his handsome face, and offered to buy a round of drinks. Hubby kept fingering my quim as we struck up a very sexy conversation which I interrupted by having an orgasm due to hubby's exploring digits. Hubby went to the bar to get a round of drinks and when he returned he found me with my skin-tight dress hitched up revealing my shaved pussy, curvy ass and black stockings as I straddled my new lovers cock, fucking him in our darkened booth.
Hubby placed the drinks on the table, sat down and watched as I rode the cock of my new lover, kissing him fervently as his cock silkily slid in and out of my pussy. His hands were gently kneading my huge beasts, as hubby joined the action by slipping two fingers inside my still tight asshole. The guy sat perfectly still as I rode his cock slowly enjoying every movement and sensation, until he emptied his second load inside me, providing me with two delicious orgasms on the way. The guy kissed me gently as he squeezed my large breasts. I was still straddling him with his semi erect cock still inside me, when he asked my husband if he could come home with us and fuck me again.
"If you can get that big cock hard again and are willing to be filmed fucking all of her holes, then you're more than welcome to back and fuck the slut!" Hubby smiled.
The situation and my husbands words thrilled me immensely, appealing to my inner cheating slut!
I looked into my new lovers eyes, smiling and kissed him passionately, stroking his cum covered cock for a few minutes, then putting his cock back in his trousers as he continued squeezing my tits.
"I'm going to enjoy having this hard cock fuck me again!" I smiled at him as I climbed off his lap.
He smiled a devilishly wicked smile as I sat between my husband and my new lover, aroused to the hilt at the expectation of more cock inside my unfaithful pussy and ass!
We sat at the booth and finished our drinks, with both guys stroking my stockinged thighs and craftily tickling my shaved mound. We left the booth, headed out of the club and grabbed a taxi to our house. In the back of the taxi, both guys continued with lavishing my curvy body with their mouths and fingers, paying great detail to my tits and pussy, whilst I thrashed and thrived on the sexual attention. We arrived at our house, where once inside, my husband and new lover removed my skin-tight mini dress, leaving me adorned in my sheer black stockings, wet look black garter belt and my high heeled shoes, which I kept on for their voyeuristic pleasure, as they spent the rest of the night pleasuring all of my holes with their hard big cocks, which they filmed and photographed. If only we could have found my ass fucking lover then what a night we could have had!