This is the twelfth episode in my story series, Years Before.
In the last part, Ruthie and I consummated our relationship and delved into deeply intimate moments.
In this part, Ruthie gets to make her Dad's birthday special and I'm able to surprise Ruthie with something she always wanted to do. At Easter, we send Cass on her way to a fresh start and, then, we act on the idea of the "3" - with Ruthie's best mate, Jules.
Thank you for reading.
***
After our lovely Valentines weekend, it would be a couple of weeks of seeing each other here and there for a few hours when we could.
Ruthie was taking on shifts to make sure the surprise weekend was clear for her and I'd been catching up with a few friends I'd not seen for a while so time was short. However, we got together on a Thursday night after the weekend where Ruthie and Jules went out to their old haunts for a drink. Tea and tray in hand, we went up to Ruthie's bedroom.
Ruthie told me there was a situation not long after they got to the pub as one of Ruthie's previous conquests decided he wanted to try it on but she got the better of him. Loud enough so people around could hear, she called him a sex pest and gave him a full expletive-laden tirade. So much so that she had some other people in the pub come up to her and ask if she was alright. One guy nearly physically lifted the pest out of the pub.
Ruthie said it was her way of making sure she wasn't going back where she was before.
Apart from this, Jules and Ruthie had a great night without drinking too much. Towards the end of the night, apparently it had got a bit confessional.
"So, I guess you and Jules talked about us."
"Yes, honey. Quite a bit."
"And did you end up standing in the toilet while she sorted herself out?"
"Ha, ha! Once, believe it or not, she had to leave our table. We'd got into some of what we did on Valentines and it was too much for her. We were very honest with each other though."
"OK. In what way?"
"Do you remember you asked me whether Jules got turned on by sex talk in general or whether it was just me?"
"Yes, and..."
"She said it was just me. She opened up a bit and admitted that she'd had a bit of a thing for me now and again since we'd been friends."
"Really! What did you think about that?"
"Well, we're that close that I kind of understand it. I mean, I've never seen her naked or anything but have thought on occasion that she must have a great body under all those stretchy tops and skirts! We've never done anything though, not kissed on the lips, anything."
"Is she OK with you and me being together? I mean, that's a big change."
"Oh, honey, don't worry. She thinks "us" is such a great thing. She really likes you. I mean REALLY likes you."
"Sorry, what do you mean?"
I was intrigued. This was Jules after all, Ruthie's best friend.
"OK, so it got VERY honest. Do you want to know?"
The voyeuristic side of me kicked in "Yes. I do."
"So, you know what we talked about on our weekend. The "3", yes?"
"Yes."
"Well, we were talking around it and Jules said if she ever did it, she would want it to be with us."
"WHAT?" My tea nearly went flying.
"Yes, she said she really wants it to be me, her and you."
"Fuck me...sorry, this is quite mind-blowing."
"Yes, I think fucking you was what she was getting at." Ruthie gave me a cheeky glance and giggled.
"No, I mean...shit, well, how did you react to that?"
"For a minute, it made my head spin round a LOT. I mean, this is my best friend saying she wants sex with us. Now, we're close but that's something else... But, then, I reminded myself of what we said about it. That if we were confident and happy and not conflicted, we'd be OK with it. So I said I'd think about it and talk to you."
"Well, it's Jules. It's not like she's a stranger. She is a sexy woman, no doubt about it. It would be fun but I don't want it to harm your friendship with her."
"I know I'd want to make sure of that and I think Jules does too. She knows enough from me on what you and I are like together."
"We should probably get together with her for a drink again sometime then and just see how all this sits. Does she know we'll have spoken about this?"
"Yes. You know, when I said that I'd think about it, she was surprised. She was actually quite unsure in a way I've not seen her before until I told her we'd talked about the threesome thing already and, also, about her."
"Alright then. Let's get together sometime. I don't want it to be the unspoken thing that sits there every time we see her. I like to think of her as a friend too now."
"OK. I'll sort something out. Thanks, honey...and she'll like it a lot to know what you think about her."
After this, I didn't see Ruthie until the weekend of her surprise.
Two significant things were on the same weekend. Her surprise trip was happening on the Saturday but, on Friday, I'd been invited to the Davis house for dinner to celebrate Gerry's birthday. I turned up on time and went for a little smartness in honour of the occasion. Suit and the one polo neck sweater I own -- all in black. Ruthie opened the door.
"Hi, honey. I like the clothes!" She gave me a lovely kiss. Every time we got together, I was so happy to see her.
"Well, it's your Dad's birthday. I thought I should try."
"You look fab. How about me?" Ruthie has also dressed up a bit. Her skirt with the little flowers on it from "perky tit top" times but with a white shirt that showed off her shape very nicely with the buttons done up just to show a little of her breasts.
"Ruthie. Very classy. You look ready for a posh night out."
"Oh, you charmer...but thank you."
"You look gorgeous."
"Did you bring the present?"
"Yep, wrapped up and ready." I passed a box to her.
"Is this what we got?"
"Yes, but disguised a little. Didn't want to give it all away in one go!"
"Oh, my clever guy. This will be fun."
We sat down in the kitchen. Joan made a lovely dinner and Gerry was full of stories and anecdotes, clearly happy it's his birthday and, also, that I was there to soak up some stories about Ruthie that, I suspect, she'd rather not have gone over again!
"So, Dad, here's your present. Hope you like it."
I could tell Ruthie was really excited to give it to him. She had told me when I bought it that this would be the first time since about the age of 10 that she was really wanting to see how he'd react to her gift.
Gerry opened it and his jaw dropped. "Joan, look at this." He handed it to Joan.
"Ruthie, how did you find this?" Ruthie gripped my hand under the table and smiled the biggest smile ever at me.
"Andy helped me."
Joan explained while Gerry continued to examine what was a 7" Beatles EP.
"So, this record is why we never took any records to parties again. Gerry went out and bought this, literally the next day, after hearing it on the radio. We took it to a party two weeks later...never seen again."
"I'll say this now." said Gerry "You've made my year with this. I've looked for it for ages but never found it. How'd you get it?"
I chipped in. "Your gorgeous daughter helped me go through all your Beatles records so I could see if there was a gap. I know you were hooked on them in the 60's and couldn't find a copy of this. Being a fan myself, I had a good idea where to go for it."
"Andy, Ruthie. I'm really, really happy with this."
In a moment, he was up and at their hi-fi and it went on at high volume straight away. It put a massive smile on his face, and Joan's too.
Ruthie whispered in my ear "Thank you, honey, so much."
A little later on, Gerry shook my hand. "You're so good for my daughter, Andy. It's not just because of the record. You've put a smile on her face that hasn't been there in a long time."
Then, a real surprise.
"Joan, is Roberta's bed made up?"
"Sure, Gerry."
"Good. Andy, you're welcome to go home and get your stuff for the weekend. I'd like to have a drink with you and I know you've got a surprise for Ruthie this weekend. If you'd like, come back and stay here tonight and go on your trip from here tomorrow. You'd be very welcome."
Ruthie could barely contain her excitement. "Can I go with you?"
"Yes, my lovely. Shall we go now?"
"Yes, please."
Joan shouted after us "See you two lovebirds soon!"
We got in the car. Ruthie planted a massive smacker on my lips.
"You...you...oh, just what a fucking fabulous night. I can't believe how well tonight has gone."
"Your Dad seems really happy."
"Oh Andy, you don't know. Dad was the one who was really disappointed when I didn't do sixth form at school and started working at the supermarket. He was hoping I'd change my mind and, I guess, ever since then, I've been looking for a way to...kind of...connect with him again. Tonight, I think it's happened."
Ruthie started to sob a little.
"Oh, Ruthie, darling. I'm so glad tonight has worked. Don't be sad."
"Andy, I'm not sad. I'm so happy that this might be a good start with Dad again." She dried her tears. "It's that important...and now he's invited you to stay. It's them saying that you and I together are important in their eyes. It means so much to me, I can't really express it."
We got my stuff, say hi to my Mum and Dad and chatted a little before heading back.
Going back in the house, the record was still playing. Gerry was smiling and turns to us as we come into the living room.
"I've got 23 years of playing this to catch up on. What are you drinking, Andy?"
Gerry, Joan, Ruthie and I enjoyed a great few hours. Gerry playing his favourite records out of his collection and chatting with me about them. Joan and Ruthie spent a fair bit of time observing us getting into it and waving records around. At one point, as Ruthie was making a drink, her Dad went over and gave her a big hug. From Ruthie's face, I could tell this was something that no words could really explain. A dad-daughter bond that Ruthie, I knew, would love having again.
I turned to Joan.
"Joan, it's amazing how something so small seems to have had such an effect."
"Oh Andy. They used to be so close. Ruthie was his little girl until she'd had enough of school and, since then, things have had to improve from quite a low point. The first sign of it was Christmas when you took her out for dinner. He was so proud of her that night when she went out looking so great. Gerry has a lot of time for you, Andy."
"I respect that a great deal, Joan, and thank you for inviting me to stay tonight."
"It's the least we can do bearing in mind what you're doing with Ruthie tomorrow."
Around 1am, we'd all had a bit to drink and were sitting chatting about Gerry and Joan's younger days. Ruthie and I were hand in hand and everyone was ready for bed.
We excused ourselves and, before we left, Gerry caught Ruthie's arm and said to her, "You don't know how happy I am that you're happy. It means a lot."
Ruthie gave her Dad the biggest hug. I heard her say "Thanks, Dad" before they parted and she joined me to go upstairs.
"Enjoy tomorrow, you two." Gerry called out to us.
In Roberta's room, Ruthie sat on the bed, the absolute picture of contentment.
"Honey, I can't believe tonight. I really can't. It's so good."
"Let's go to bed, my lovely."
We undressed and slipped between the covers and cuddled. We fell asleep intertwined, ready for the weekend ahead.
-
I woke Ruthie around 8.30. I loved waking up next to her. She stretched, yawned and turned to me.
"Good morning, honey."
"Surprise day today, my lovely."
"Mmm, I know. We have a little time first, do we?"
"We do."
"Fantastic. Time to...make love?"
"Oh yes."
We got close. A very gentle slow dance around each other, kissing, touching. Ruthie manoevured around to be on top on all fours and, before long, she had me in a place where I easily entered her. Already, sex with her felt very natural.
This time, I wanted her to find her tingle. She sat up on me, pushing the duvet back and moved around on me. She leaned forward again and quickly drew in a sharp breath.
"Ooh, there."
Ruthie was above me with her arms either side but her back slightly arched as she used my erection on her "spot". She moved very carefully and slowly, changing position to keep me in contact with it.
She found her tingle. Her movement slowly became more intense, occasionally tightening round me. I took in the glorious view of my woman, naked, her breasts moving with her rhythm above me, hands on thighs, eyes closed, immersed in pleasuring herself with my hard dick.
Ruthie began to move more strongly and started to pant, clearly not wanting to make too much noise. I was determined that she should come, not me, and gently stroked her breasts. Her jaw dropped and she stared directly at me.
"Your cock...you're right there."
Her vagina tensed on me, gripping me, loudly whispering "I'm there, honey, ohhhhh."
She drew in a deep breath, held it and stretched her arms up as she came, quietly, intensely and at some length. Long enough that she was getting me well on the way.
Ruthie slowly dropped onto me and spoke quietly, slowly.
"That was lovely...you were right there."
We laid together for a while before I got up for a shower. About half an hour later, we were both downstairs, packed bags in the hall and having a cup of tea in the kitchen. Joan came down to see us off.
"Good sleep, you two?"
"Thank you, Joan. Yes. I appreciate you letting me stay."
"Oh, you're fine, Andy. Anytime now for you two. If Roberta's room is free, fine by me. Honestly."
"Thanks Mum." Ruthie grabs Joan's hand.
"No problem, Ruthie." Joan looks at me "Does she know yet?"
"Nope. Still a surprise." I smile at her knowingly.
"Call me later. I want to know how the day goes."
We loaded my car and headed off. Luckily, as Ruthie doesn't drive and hasn't travelled much, we were well into the trip and someway down the M4 before Ruthie saw a sign.
"Oh look, honey. Bristol. Rob's there...for a few weeks more at least."
"Oh yes, I remember you saying. Did you speak to her this week?"
"Yes, on Monday when she spoke to Mum. When she comes back for Easter, that's it, she's done."
I felt slightly devious but quite pleased with myself as Ruthie hadn't clicked. Why should she? There had not been one hint and I was very careful about not letting on at all. I was so excited to do this for her.
We drove past the exits for Bristol on the M4 and turned onto the M5, going south. We came off at the first exit and, after a mile or so, pulled into the car park of a hotel. I so wanted to tell her but I wasn't going to spoil it now. We got out of the car and headed in.
As we walked across the foyer, we heard a voice.
"Hi Ruthie" Ruthie turned around looking.
"OH MY GOD, ROB!" She ran to her sister and they had a big hug. "You're here. I don't get it. Is this...wow, is this my surprise?"
Roberta answered with her arm still around Ruthie. "I think you should ask your boyfriend, Ruthie."
"Andy? Honey?"
"So, you said to me a little while ago that you really wished you could go and see what your sister's lives were like at Uni so, with your Mum's help, I got in touch with Roberta and set this up. We're staying at this hotel. I'm going to go and check in and Roberta is going to show you what life is like here. We're here until tomorrow afternoon. Is that OK?"
Ruthie was still holding Roberta, tears now in her eyes.
"Really?", Ruthie asked, the tears starting to roll down her cheeks.
"Yes, really." Roberta confirmed it for her. "We're getting a bus from here into where I live so you'll see my house and we'll go to the uni and I'll take you round town a bit. OK for you, Sis?"
Ruthie looked at me then at Roberta and back again, tears now streaming down her face.
"Oh, I'm such a bloody wuss. Look at me. This is just brilliant."
She gave me a big kiss in front of Roberta.
"You did this for me?"
"Yes, you're worth it, my lovely. You really are."
"I love you so fucking much, honey." Ruthie held me for a long time.
Roberta and Ruthie chatted as I checked us in. On the bus, Ruthie was just amazed by everything she saw as Roberta showed her parts of town. We got to Roberta's house and Ruthie looked around it as if it was some kind of Aladdin's cave. She was still trying to take in that she was actually where Roberta lived.
Roberta spoke quietly to me as Ruthie absorbed all of Roberta's house.
"You really love her don't you, Andy."
"I do. She's so special."
"I can see how you look at her."
"Yes, I said to you at Christmas that I would take care of her. I'm glad I have to chance to now, properly."
"She's radiating happiness. I began to think I'd never see it."
"Thanks for agreeing to giving up your weekend."
"Oh, this isn't giving up anything. I'm so glad she's here."
"Are you two talking about me?" Ruthie chimed into our conversation.
I replied "Yes, my lovely. Your sister and your boyfriend talking about you. Is that OK?"
"Alright, cheeky boy. Yes, it is. Rob, I love your house."
The rest of the day went by in a bit of a whirlwind as Roberta walked us round the part of the university she was based in, some of her current and previous haunts, where she lived in her second year...loads of places. We eventually got to a tea shop and Roberta suggested we go in.
We approached a table where someone was already sitting.
"Ruthie, Andy. This is my very good friend, Terri."
A bright eyed, red haired, smiling woman gave us both a hug.
"Hi, Hi. Ruthie, lovely to meet you. Andy, clever man, what a nice thing to do. Has Roberta shown you lots of things? Did you see the house?"
Terri was a lively person and very chatty and the three of them chatted for so long, I happily worked my way through a pot of tea by myself and re-ordered, just watching them.
Ruthie was having the time of her life. Occasionally, she'd reach out for my hand to squeeze it and give me a smile. It was clear Terri knew a great deal about Roberta's life so the chat ran far and wide.
I really enjoyed seeing the whole interaction between them. Both Terri and Ruthie had perspectives to offer each other about Roberta who looked at me, smiling in a bemused way, as Terri and Ruthie cheerfully dissected parts of Roberta's personality and life.
I leaned across to Roberta.
"It is possible you might come to regret letting these two meet each other."
"Oh, thankfully, I've no dark side, Andy. They're just comparing notes, shall we say."
"Fair enough. They're having great fun."
"I knew they would. Terri is lovely and can talk for England and Ruthie has some catching up to do!"
"Ah, it's brilliant, isn't it?"
We both stare at them and smile. Roberta turns to me.
"It is, Andy and, by the way."
"Yes, Roberta?"
"You can call me Rob if you like. I don't mind at all."
"Thank you, Rob."
Later on, we were in a fairly ordinary looking restaurant in the middle of town. Terri knew what she was doing though. We had called into an off-licence on our way and were armed with 4 bottles of wine.
"Ruthie, Rob tells me you don't mind Chinese food."
"I love it, Terri."
"Good, right well this is a normal Greasy Joe type cafe by day but the owners are Chinese and, in the evenings, you book a table and they just come out with dish after dish of superb Chinese food."
"So, what's with the wine, Terri?" I enquired.
"Yes, right. They don't have a licence but, if we order four soft drinks, they come in nice wine glasses and, if you need it, a corkscrew is left on the corner of the table."
This was a revelation to Ruthie and me and so we had a fine time with dishes arriving on a regular basis which we all tried, alongside a steady stream of wine. The chat continued into the night until we'd finished off all the food and the wine, thoroughly enjoying each other's company.
We all decided, before Ruthie and I headed back to our hotel, to go into a bar in town for one more and Terri knew a bar with a live band playing, which was great for a good time but obliterated the conversation a bit.
Ruthie decided to have a bit of a dance with me and was waving her arms about in a slightly random way. It turned out dancing was something Ruthie enjoyed a lot but, with a few drinks inside her, ended up having only a vague relationship to the beat of the music.
Terri and Roberta were, I noticed, next to each other at a standing height table with fingers intertwined and smiling at us. Almost holding hands but the sort of tender contact that was caring...loving even.
Eventually, we called it quits for a night and Ruthie and I got a cab back to the hotel. We wandered our way back up to the hotel room. Ruthie was a little sloshed and laid on the bed.
"How about a nice drunk fuck, honey?"
"OK, my lovely. Shall I undress you?"
"I...might...need...some...help."
In what might have looked to an outsider like the slowest wrestling match in history, I managed to get Ruthie undressed and into bed. There was clearly no way any sex was happening as, almost immediately after I got her naked body under the covers and her head on a pillow, she was out for the count and emitting a gentle snore. End to a perfect day.
-
In the morning, I was woken by someone touching me.
"Morning, honey." Ruthie was stroking my face.
"How are you, mad girl!"
"Oh, did I get a bit shit-faced?"
"Yes, you're were certainly on your way! You were having a great time with your mildly abstract approach to dancing in the club!"
"Oh, I can't dance to save my life and it's worse when there's drink involved."
She looked around and then under the covers.
"How did I get into bed. Where are my clothes?"
"I undressed you and got you under the duvet."
"Oh good. Thanks, honey. Did we have sex?"
"No, my lovely. You offered me, to quote, a "nice, drunk fuck" but the "drunk" bit won."
"Oh, yes, I was a bit pissed then, wasn't I."
"Yes, but did you have a great day?"
Ruthie turned on to her back, throwing the duvet away from us down the bed.
"Honey, it was the best. I can't believe I got to see a little bit of Rob's life. It's amazing, isn't it?"
"Rob seems very happy here, doesn't she?"
"Rob...Rob! Did she say you could call her that then?"
"Yes, while you and Terri were cross-examining each other yesterday."
"Wow, really. You're in then with her. No-one gets to call her that outside of family."
"I realised last night that there was some importance attached to that. What did you think of Terri?"
"Oh, she's a blast. It's like talking to another sister."
"Can I ask, my lovely, are Rob and Terri together? It's just that, while you were flinging yourself around on the dancefloor with me, I noticed they were watching us with their hands touching."
Ruthie thought for a minute.
"I think they're very close. They met when they were both in their second year of Uni and Rob talks about her a lot. It's a big deal if they were like that with us there. Really important."
"Do your Mum and Dad know?"
"They know they're really good friends. Terri has been to stay before now, but whether they know that there might be a...romantic thing to it, I don't know. To be honest, I'm not sure myself."
We laid there watching the clouds in the sky go by outside the window because, after getting my girlfriend into bed, I forgot to draw the curtains.
"What are we doing today, honey?"
"We're meeting Rob and Terri at 10.30 for some breakfast. I have directions from Rob."
"What time is it now?"
"8.30."
"Oh, then we have some time." Ruthie's hand slides down my body and lands on my erection. "You're ready to go, aren't you? Sex God."
"Well, as you mention it..."
We laughed and rolled around the bed kissing and cuddling and eventually settled with me on top and Ruthie's legs wrapped round me. She raised her thighs which opened her legs wider as I drew back slightly. Ruthie was so ready that I entered her straight away without any help for the first time.
It was deep, slow and gentle sex accompanied by strokes and caresses and kisses. We carried the subtlest rhythm through our bodies, Ruthie occasionally sinking her head into my shoulder as I felt my cock reach her deepest point within.
This was the sex of two people in love with each other. I was building up but not in that intense way. It was more a growing feeling that I was ready to come and I could control it.
"Would you like to go on top, my lovely."
"Ooh, yes please."
Like some kind of slow avant-garde dance, Ruthie gently got me where she wanted me and found, straight away, her position from the day before when she came with me inside. I was ready but my heartbeat was calm enough that I could hold back.
Ruthie bit her lip as she had me against that spot. She was upright, riding on me, one hand on her breast, the other in her hair.
Her eyes clothes, Both hands went in her hair and her breathing deepened until she held her breath and stretched. As her body reached its full extension, her cunt gripped my cock inside her and I released. A warm flow of come from me deep into her vagina. It felt so sexy, so complete.
Ruthie gasped, then let out a pleasured murmur as she realised what happened. Our orgasms together for the first time, naturally, through sensing each other.
It was a beautiful feeling as we came down together. For all the drama, intensity and eroticism of some of our lovemaking, it was apt that it was the gentlest we had been so far that brought us to a peak at the same time.
Ruthie sank back down on to me and relaxed, face down but half leaning against my body. I stroked her hair. The whole thing was serene in its completeness.
Ruthie spoke first after some considerable time where we'd laid there, together.
"Honey, that was lovely. That was us together, wasn't it."
"Yes, my lovely. It was perfect."
We made the most of this particular feeling of togetherness until we had to get up, shower and pack. We checked out and drove into town so we could meet Rob and Terri.
Roberta was waving as we pulled into the car park she suggested.
"Hello, you two. I hope you took advantage of the hotel room!"
"Ah well, we did this morning," I replied "My lovely girlfriend just needed a few hours to let the alcohol wear off."
"Ruthie, you were hammered by the end last night." Roberta was slightly enjoying this.
"Oh, fuck, was I? Really sorry, I.."
Roberta stopped her. "Ruthie, don't apologise, Sis! It's part of the university rites of passage that you get a bit wonky sometimes."
We walked along beside the water near a park. Roberta got me arm-in-arm and we fell slightly behind Ruthie and Terri who are, again, chatting for England.
"You saw Terri and I in the bar, didn't you?"
"Yes, I did, Rob. It looked very sweet. Are you both...with each other?"
"Oh, it's early, Andy. I don't know. It feels natural to be tactile with each other. It just feels...a little taboo, you know...because we're the same sex."
I felt our friendship would stand a little further insight for me.
"You don't have to answer but...do you have feelings for Terri?"
"Yes, I do, especially since Christmas. It's like we've discovered what was unspoken at the centre of our friendship."
"Well, without wishing throw your words back at you, it was you and Jules who spotted what was building between Ruthie and I...and look how that has turned out."
"True, Andy, and I'm so chuffed it has. You're brilliant together. But our situation is different...a lot different." Roberta looked thoughtful as she said this.
"It is, Rob. What are your plans after you've done your Masters? You're almost there, aren't you?"
"Yes, submit after Easter and that's it. Then we do have a decision to make."
"About where you go together?"
"Exactly. It's ironic that three years of friendship hits a romantic crescendo just at the point where I, soon, will have no reason to be in Bristol."
"Terri's quite different to you, isn't she?"
"What makes you say that?"
"Well, Terri is very bubbly and upfront whereas, and I am very happy to be corrected, you come across as someone all-seeing but quite measured in their actions, by comparison, but with an underlying passion that occasionally emerges. I saw that at Christmas when you told us two about how we were!"
"Yes, I am not as...effervescent as her and part of what makes Terri and I tick are our differences."
"So, if you feel you're just at the start of something with Terri, you've almost got to give it the chance. I get the impression you're not keen to reveal the depth of this to your Mum and Dad now."
"No, not yet."
"Maybe you should get a short term job in Bristol? Is Terri staying here?"
"Yes, she is. She'll start a PhD in the autumn so is looking for a flat anyway."
"Then, that gives you some time to see if it works and THEN you'll know if it's right to bite the bullet with Joan and Gerry."
"Thanks Andy. No-one else at home knows apart from you and Ruthie."
I needed Roberta to know she could trust me.
"Then, let's keep it that way for now and maybe we'll come back down, if you decide to move in together for a little while, so you can feel OK with it around us. It's not nice feeling like you've got to hide it."
"No, it's very hard sometimes."
"For what it's worth, I'm in your corner and I'm sure Ruthie is too. If we can help, we will."
Roberta stopped and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "That's very heartening, Andy. I might keep you to that."
"Please do."
We caught up to the Bristol talking champions and went for breakfast. After a great feed, we walked around the town some more, chatting and laughing as we went. We finished up on benches in a local park near Roberta's house. It was nearly time for us to go. Ruthie and Roberta were in deep conversation. It was quite earnest with lots of handholding and hugs and eye to eye contact.
I spoke to Terri.
"It's been lovely to meet you, Terri."
"Oh, thank you, Rob has been so happy since you two got together. Rob said you know about "us", or possibly "us", or might be "us", or not sure "us"."
I chuckled slightly as I replied. "Yes, all of those, I understand! Look, I just think it's lovely if you two have found something together. Surely, it's about finding out if it's the right thing for you both and what you can make of it?"
"It is, Andy. It is."
As we finished, Ruthie and Roberta were holding each other tightly. There were tears for both.
Roberta grabbed my hand and looked at Ruthie.
"Do not let this man go. Got it, Sis."
"I've got it, Rob, and you take your time too. You can't rush love sometimes. I mean, look at us."
All four of us laughed, said heartfelt goodbyes and headed our separate ways. I stopped and turned Ruthie around so we could watch Roberta and Terri walk away arm-in-arm.
"They have quite the journey ahead of them, don't they, my lovely."
"They do, honey. Not so easy for them either."
"No. We can be there for them though."
"Yes, Rob said you were very supportive when you were talking to her earlier."
"I hope so. Your sister is a very considered individual and, when she's ready for something, she dedicates herself to it and, maybe, she's on the point of dedicating herself to Terri if it feels right."
"Maybe she is, honey. Maybe she is."
We took a relaxed drive home, enjoying each other's company and chatting about the weekend.
At Ruthie's, it was time to say goodbye as work beckoned the next day.
"I loved my surprise, honey. It was just perfect."
"You're worth it, you know. When you mentioned you'd not been to see Rob, it just seemed the ideal thing to do."
"It means so much. If I didn't love you before, I'd just have to love you now for being so thoughtful. But, well, I love you to bits anyway!"
"You're beautiful. I love you too...so much."
-
Life in general was looking OK for Ruthie and I over the next month or two. We'd meet up when we could and there was always a warm welcome at the Davis house for me. For Ruthie, though, there was a little light at the end of the tunnel for her workwise. She rang me very excitedly one night just before Easter.
"Guess what?"
"Go on, tell me."
"I've got an actual promotion at work."
"What? Fantastic. What is it?"
"So, you know I started kind of looking after the Saturday team getting the shelves stocked."
"Yes."
"Well, I just kept on doing it and they decided to give me the job managing the guys who do it Monday to Friday instead. I get my weekends back and proper responsibility!"
"Ruthie, that's brilliant."
"We have to celebrate. You, me and can I ask Jules?"
"Of course. I'm always up for a tease with Jules. You know that."
"We can talk "3" with her too."
"Is the living room door open."
"Yes, and Mum's just hanging a coat up."
"Got it. So good. I guess that means we get a chance to plan a few things for weekends now."
"You bet."
As Easter came around, it turned out Ruthie's sisters wouldn't all be home at the same time. Roberta's bed would be free over Easter so we had a chance to plan a couple of things where we could both have a drink and not have to worry about either Ruthie or me getting home.
Firstly, on Good Friday, Cass, who we'd not seen in a good while, invited us over. The door was still open.
"Cass. Where are you?"
"Kitchen, guys."
As soon as we started walking towards the kitchen, the number of cardboard boxes with stuff in them was astounding.
"So, you're definitely on the move now then, aren't you?" I said, observing the boxes in every room. Cass was beaming and comes straight over and gave us both a big hug and planted a big kiss directly on my lips. She was in a good mood.
"Yes. In a week's time, I am off to Mum's. Dad took a bit of convincing and I do wonder if it's because he's losing his de facto housekeeper but I don't care. Ready for the change."
"D'you know what. I'm really pleased for you, Cass. When I was last here, you seemed a bit "all at sea" with it all. What's prompted the mind change?"
"Well, there is a new man around!"
Ruthie's interest was piqued. "Come on, Cass. Spill the beans."
"OK. So, you know I'm still doing the singing on a Saturday morning at Guildhall. Well, this guy comes up and says he really likes my voice..."
"Well, that's an easy chat up line in a music school!"
"Ruthie, hold on. He asked me out to dinner after a class and it turns out he lives near to Mum and he's a real proper guy. No sodding about. Flowers, cards, proper dates. It's fab."
"So, the sooner you get up to your Mum's..."
"Exactly!"
"So, what are we doing tonight?"
"For old times' sake..." Cass reached into a bag and pulled out two bottles - one Cinzano and one Lemonade.
"Ruthie." I turn to her. "Cancel Saturday. It's been a while since we've done this." We all laughed and it seems Ruthie was prepared.
"So, Cass, I see your Cinzano and raise you 20 Silk Cut" and whacked a packet of cigarettes down on the table.
"That's it." I said "Open those patio doors for the final time."
It was a lovely bright evening and not too cold so Ruthie, Cass and I got stuck into the drink and, with fags on the go quite regularly, took a gentle trip around our exploits together. Cass, though, did have something to say.
"Guys, I have to say I would not have bet any money this time last year on you two being together now. It was the last thing I would have thought of."
Ruthie responded. "We've come a long way since then, Cass, and we have both sat here and cried in your living room last year over really horrible or unfortunate things that happened. This place was a bit of a safe haven really...and a den of immorality too!"
Cass replied. "Yes, I heard from Eva a while ago about exactly what went on at that party last summer. Seems like there was a porn film going on in my bedroom and I wasn't even there!"
I felt I had to confirm. "That is true to some extent, I guess. Ruthie and I were in the same room while activities were pursued."
"I know what "activities were pursued", you dirty boy. I think you mean going at it with Eva with Ruthie watching."
Ruthie interjected. "Well, it helped me with a preview of what I would be getting if we got together...if you know what I mean." We all laughed. "Anyway, Cass, you were otherwise engaged most of the night. Banging away in the front bedroom?"
"Well, if by "banging away most of the night", you mean spending most of my time attempting to revive something I would liken to a tyre with a puncture in it, then yes, you're correct."
"Really?" Ruthie was straight in there.
"Oh yes. Mr. Floppy came to play. I think we managed it twice. That's all. You were having much more fun upstairs."
"Well, I had fun watching." Ruthie said. "My fling for the night was a desperately unexciting quick fuck and then an exhibition of snoring. That made up my mind about giving up the "wild girl" thing. I'm so glad I did because, after a long time, I got him..." Ruthie indicating towards me. "and Cass..."
"Yes, Ruthie?"
"I love him to bits." Cass gave Ruthie the biggest hug and they both smiled at me.
There was silence for a moment then Cass spoke. "I had a feeling when you two came over before Christmas."
I was quick to interject. "Ah, we weren't together then."
Cass, though, was certain. "You might have thought that but the body language between you two said something else. I could see it happening even if you two couldn't."
"Well, we got there eventually and I'm really happy we did. Cheers?"
"Cheers."
We spent a final night getting gently sozzled and wishing Cass well. There had been some good times in that place and, out of it, I found an amazing woman.
-
The next morning, neither of us were getting up to anything as we both woke in recovery from Cinzano overload. We'd clearly given Cass a truly alcoholic goodbye.
Toast and tea were the order of the morning. Gerry came into the kitchen as we attempted to revive ourselves.
"You two look a little rough round the edges, if I might say."
"One word, Dad. Cinzano."
I added in. "Actually, Gerry, "Cinzano" and "Cass"."
"Oh, bloody hell. Right. Say no more."
Ruthie explained "Cass is moving out this weekend, Dad. It was her last night."
"Is she OK?"
"Oh yes, she's moving in with her Mum."
"Nice girl, Cass. Shame her parents split. We used to be friends with them."
"What were they like, Gerry?"
"Simple, really. Jim got middle-aged in his ways, Marie didn't and they ended up very different to each other."
We ruminated on that for a while until the phone rang. Ruthie went to get it. A few minutes animated conversation and she's back in the kitchen.
"Well, honey..."
"Yes, Ruthie?"
"Jules was on the phone."
"Oh yes?"
"Would we like to go out tonight?"
"Well, with Jules, of course."
"OK. Apparently she has had "had a think" about how she looks!"
"Really...in what way?"
"She's had enough of the "slutty" look, as she put it and would like to test herself out on us."
"Where and when?"
"She's invited us round to her house and then we can go out if we want to after that. I think she's a little unsure as to what her "new look" is like."
"This will be interesting, Ruthie."
"I know. I'm dying to see what she's done...and, despite whatever change there might be, I wonder if we might still be able to tease her up a bit on the subject of 3." Ruthie's slightly coy look as she mentioned the "3" suggested to me she wasn't going to be shy.
"Ooh yes. Good point, my lovely."
We enjoyed a nice Easter Saturday afternoon driving to the coast for a close walk with each other along the seashore. Ruthie told me that Joan had a phone call from Hannah, Ruthie's middle sister, the day before and things weren't going well with her boyfriend. This was a problem as she'd given up her place in halls to stay with him.
When we got back, I had a chat with Joan along with Ruthie.
"Joan, are things not great for Hannah?"
"No, she, rather impulsively, moved out of halls and into her boyfriend's house just after Christmas when all was sweetness and light and now it's all gone a bit wrong and she wants to get out."
"Can Ruthie and I help?"
"Well...I don't want to ask you to get involved. It's Hannah's own doing."
"Look, I've a big enough car with the space if you need or want her back here with her stuff?"
Ruthie chipped in "Does she need to get out, Mum?"
"Yes, I think so."
I knew we had to help. "Ruthie, are you off on Monday?"
"This week, yes. Bank Holiday."
"Fancy a day trip to Leeds then?"
Joan comes over and hugs me "Can you really do that?"
"Yes, we'll do it." I look to Ruthie to confirm and she nods back. "Give her a ring, Joan, and I imagine we'll get to her for early afternoon, shove everything, and Hannah, in the car and head back."
"Great. I'll tell Gerry when he's back too."
We went upstairs after a bite to eat with Joan. Ruthie was getting ready before we went on our way to Jules.
Ruthie has a nice checked shirt and her shortish denim skirt on. Her legs looked great as she stood by the bathroom mirror putting a little make-up on.
"Just in case we do go further than Jules' house, honey."
Whatever Hannah had shown her about her make-up at Christmas had stuck because Ruthie had developed an uncomplicated but subtle style that really brought out her eyes and lips.
"Are you intrigued, Ruthie?"
"Oh my God, yes. Jules has always, ever since she started going out since she and I were 15, gone for the "boobs up, legs out" look and not stinted on the warpaint either. It worked for her. She got enough guys with it -- just not the right ones for her now, it seems."
So, we got to Jules' door and rang the bell. Jules opened the door.
"Hi guys. Come in."
It took a moment to fully take in the change Jules had gone for because it was very different for her.
The hairsprayed managed hairstyle had gone, instead going for letting the length of her hair fall naturally. It was longer than I expected and had a wave in it that gave it some body. She held back on her make-up. There was still some but it was less..."slutty", to use Jules' term to Ruthie on the phone, more natural.
Lastly, Jules had decided to go for a slightly more demure approach to her dress sense. She'd got a blouse on. Low cut, of course, but still, more blouse than skin. In fact, it was only her skirt which held pretty much to what she wore before but Jules wasn't a mini skirt fan anyway, always more length and a bit of flow.
"What do you think, Ruthie?"
"I'm a bit stunned, Jules. It's so different for you."
"I know but I was tired of looking like a cheap fuck."
"Oh, you didn't..."
"Yes, but lately, that's what I started to feel like."
Jules turned to me.
"How about you, Andy?"
"Honestly?"
"Yes, please?"
"You're like a different person. Don't get me wrong. Sexy but quite understated."
"Good. You know, underneath, it's still me."
Ruthie was quickly onto that "Well, we know how to test that out don't we?"
"Alright, you naughty cow. Come on, my parents are out tonight. Let's have a drink."
You can change an appearance but the person underneath is still the same and Jules certainly hadn't changed in certain ways. We all chatted about Jules' decision to change her look. Ruthie and I were very complimentary.
Ruthie decided to get started on the subject of recent conversations.
"Jules, I told Andy about what we spoke about."
Jules let a little worry frown appear. "Oh, about the..."
"Yes, about the threesome thing."
"Ooh. OK." Jules was very sheepish. "I...er..."
I decided to jump in. "Ruthie said that you'd want to do it with us."
"Er...yes...I think...oh, this is..." I'd never seen Jules this unsettled but she wasn't saying to us that she didn't want to talk about it.
I decided to take the frank, pragmatic route to get it out in the open. "This is about us all having sex together, if we wanted to do it."
"OK. Yes it is." Jules visibly reset herself. "Would you want to do it? With me?"
"Yes, I would." No point in messing around.
Ruthie continued. "So would I. I would feel safe with you, with us."
"This all feels a bit strange doesn't it. I'm not really sure what we'd do." Jules replied. She looked a little vulnerable.
I saw this in her so suggested something.
"Would you rather I leave and you just talk to Ruthie about it? It's OK if you do. It's a big thing to talk about."
"I'm not sure." Jules replies "Ruthie, you know I've had the hots for you a bit from time to time."
Ruthie responded very clearly. "Yes, I do and I quite like that you do."
"Really?" Jules was suddenly wide-eyed. "We'd never said anything about..."
Ruthie was clear. "Yes. I know we've never done anything about it but, if we were to let ourselves go for a night, who knows what would happen."
"And what about you, Andy?"
"Well, by the sound of it, I might just be sitting in the corner while you two get off with each other!" This raised a laugh in what had been a slightly intense conversation, certainly for Jules.
"Oh, no you wouldn't." Jules suddenly seemed a little surer of herself, the "old Jules" coming through. "I think I'd want to see what is making Ruthie so happy."
"Is that right? In which way, Jules?"
That was the line crossed. Jules bowed her head and Ruthie and I knew we kicked her off towards the inevitable reaction.
"I think I..."
I speak quietly "Yes, Jules. It's OK. You can say."
"I think I would like to..."
"Yes? It's OK. Just tell me what you've been thinking about. It sounds like this has been on your mind."
Jules takes a deep breath and sits on the edge of her seat. "To...to...I want to play with your dick and suck it."
"That would be very nice. Would that be while I was licking Ruthie or you?"
Jules' hand banged the table in front of her and she took off for the loo.
"It's OK, Jules." Ruthie shouted out. "We know what you're doing. You don't have to hide. It's your house."
Jules stopped, turned around and re-entered the room. "You mean..."
Ruthie replied. "I mean you don't have to hide if you're feeling a little...hot because of what we're talking about. It's not the pub here and...if it makes you feel hot then tell us. You don't have to hide it with us...here...now."
"Oh. OK."
Jules took a moment.
"OK, I...really...oh shit...the thought of your dick and the licking, oh...makes...fuck, it makes me wet."
Jules was on the way and there was something quite erotic for me about the chat and Jules struggling with what she would normally do in the privacy of the pub's loos. I took things on a step.
"Anyway, Jules. Your new look is almost too enticing for me not to want to undress you and discover your body a little. I've wondered what you might look like...undressed."
"Oh...Oh...fuck. It's no good. I have to..."
Jules pulled her skirt up and placed her hand on top of her panties, moving her fingers around on her pubic hair, massaging herself.
Ruthie and I watched but then turned to each other and kissed. There was no doubting the eroticism of the situation and Ruthie did not resist when my hand slid under the shirt she was wearing and up to her bra, toying with the clasp.
Ruthie whispered in my ear. "Are we doing this now?"
"It seems to me Jules is in the right frame of mind. Do you want to?"
Ruthie looked at me
"I think we might, honey...maybe a little." She kissed me and then stood up and went to Jules. Jules stared up at her.
"Ruthie? Are you..."
Ruthie knelt down by Jules and kissed her on the lips. Jules finally gave in, her hand pulled her panties to one side as she started to bring herself on. Ruthie's lips planting small kisses on Jules' face as Jules' middle finger disappeared into her pussy.
Jules looked at her "Oh, Ruthie, really?"
"Yes, Jules."
I held back a little and watched. It was important for me that Ruthie and Jules found their way first. Ruthie continued to kiss Jules, through and after her quick orgasm. Not tongues but lingering kisses and touches, clearly gentle, tender in their intent and emotion.
Once Jules' peak had passed, I moved over to them and knelt the other side to Ruthie. We were both facing Jules.
Ruthie leaned across Jules and kissed me again. She stopped and whispered to me. "I think Jules would like some contact with you, honey."
I turned to Jules. We stared into each other's eyes, knowing that we were about to break a barrier in terms of our friendship.
I moved close to her, our faces only an inch or so apart. I whispered, my hand running through her long hair. "Are you OK, Jules? Stop if this feels uncomfortable for you."
"Kiss me, Andy, please?"
Slowly, our lips met and, very quickly, built into quite an amorous moment. I placed my hand on her waist, partly to steady myself while I felt the texture and softness of her quite full lips, different to Ruthie's, on mine, her tongue very gently touching mine. This wasn't a snog, it was a passionate expression of desire.
I broke away and we turned to Ruthie. She was sitting, watching, her arm pushing her denim skirt up as she was teasing herself through her panties. Ruthie spoke to me slowly.
"It's OK, honey. Make Jules feel good."
I took a breath.
Lifting Jules hair away from her neck, I kissed her there. She was sat on the absolute edge of the chair she was on. Her hand took mine, up to her breast and motioned me to squeeze.
Jules' full breasts felt very round. Larger than Ruthie's and, I had noticed before, extremely well proportioned with Jules' figure. I placed my hand on the uppermost done-up button on her blouse.
"Is this OK, Jules?"
"Very, Andy...please."
Jules was beginning to know what she wanted. Placing her mouth to my ear, she whispered. "I would love you to feel my tits, kiss them."
She retreated slightly and lowered her head to watch my hand.
I gently undid her blouse which was buttoned from her bra line downwards. With each button released, I placed a kiss on the skin beneath, down, down, on her breasts, which made her sit upright even more and down her tummy until I reached the waist of her skirt. Her hand was in my hair.
Jules' breathing was very heavy. She looked at me with her mouth open as I traced the shape of the bare skin on her breasts with my finger, the space between them, slow stroking, as light as I could. I noticed Jules' skin was a tone or two darker than Ruthie's. Alongside her dark, full, wavy hair, the term dusky came to mind.
I felt hands on my back. It was Ruthie kneeling behind me and she was reaching round and unbuttoning my shirt, eventually reaching the bottom of it and pulling it out of my jeans and off me. I turned to her and she had removed her shirt. Her bra still in place.
I kissed Ruthie.
Another whisper "Let my tits out, honey."
Unclasping her bra, it fell away to reveal those breasts I loved so much. She leaned back slightly, her hand guided my head gently toward them. Kissing them, sucking on her nipples, moving from one to the other. I heard a moan behind me.
We both turned to see that Jules had pushed her blouse completely back and was playing with her breasts, still supported by her silky bra, cupping them, feeling her nipples through the material.
Ruthie was clearly getting hot with this and took the lead on directing what would happen.
"Let's please her together." We moved over to Jules.
"Sit up for me please, Jules." Ruthie asked.
Jules did so and, between us, we gently removed Jules' blouse and Ruthie unclasped Jules' bra. Jules let out an "ohhh" as her breasts were released. They were full and round with large areola and bore little creases from where her bra had indented them.
Ruthie and I took one breast each and, watching each other, attempted to mirror our licking and sucking of each of Jules' breasts. We both sucked on Jules' nipples at the same time and she arched her back, her body responding to what this was making her feel. She tried to speak as we caressed her.
"I...want...I...oh, shit...so good...oh, fucking hell..."
Jules couldn't get a sentence out. Ruthie and I both had a hand behind her back supporting her as we continued to tease her breasts. Our fingers intertwined behind her as we did so, smiling to each other, enjoying the pleasure we were giving our friend.
I decided to take a lead.
"Jules?"
With a little gulp, Jules answered. "Yes, Andy."
"Have you come yet?"
"No, not quite." Jules stared at me, looking a little vulnerable.
"Jules, could I make you come, please?"
Her eyes widened. "I...oh...what, now? Oh...yes...if you..."
"Jules, try to relax for me."
While Ruthie still had her hands on Jules and kissed her shoulder, I picked up the hem of her skirt and moved it up, making sure I maintained eye contact with Jules, who was transfixed on me, her face gave away the anticipation of what would come next. My hand was on her thigh, the side of it rested on her pubic hair, covered by her panties.
"I would like to touch you here, Jules."
Jules looked like she never had before. Eyes wide, mouth slightly open.
"Please, Andy. Gently..."
I pushed behind the elastic of the seam of her underwear. Jules opened her legs wide as my hand moved through her pubic hair and I found her labia, moist from her excitement. My finger rested on where her labia met, knowing that her wetness would allow me between them if I applied more pressure.
I looked at Ruthie and glanced at Jules' nipples. Ruthie read me well as we both resumed the attention to her breasts with our mouths as I slid my finger into her gorgeous full, moist pussy.
"Oh, you...fuck, two of you and...oh."
Jules' hips began to make a circular motion as my finger moved between her clit and vagina, as slowly as I could given my head was spinning with what we were doing. Jules' hands gripped the cushion of the chair she was sitting on as I stroked her clit slowly, rhythmically.
"Aaaaaaahhhhh...oh, fuck me...Andy, you've...aaaah."
Jules' full orgasm ran through her body, involuntarily twitching in a crescendo of arousal as her peak surged through her. She began to settle and I gently removed my hand. She flopped back, exhausted from what we'd just done together.
Ruthie and I were still on our knees by her chair. All three of us were undressed to our waists. We kissed as Jules' breathing slowly began to settle after quite an intense, passionate first step into three of us being intimate with each other.
"Oh, my God. What did we just do?" Jules was suddenly a little startled by how we all are. I laid my hand on her bare leg and replied.
"Well, Jules, I think we both just worshipped your beautiful tits and I made you come. Did you like it?"
She looked at us both and then, as she pushed herself forward in the chair, the old Jules revealed herself.
"Oh, I fucking loved it. Is that what you do to each other? Fuck, no wonder you're so satisfied and love each other. Oh, my. I've never done anything like that before. So....RAAAAHH! I can't find the words."
I continued to speak to her.
"Did you enjoy kissing Ruthie?" Ruthie stared directly at her as she answered.
"Oh shit. I've dreamed about that, about both of you. I couldn't stop myself. Ruthie, you're adorable. I've never kissed a woman before. Both of you. Oh, shit. I can't..."
"Are you OK? Do you want your blouse back?"
"No. I want to be undressed if you both are. I want more of this." Jules put her hand on her forehead. "So passionate, oh."
Ruthie and I included her in a 3 way embrace and both kissed her on the lips in turn. I got up to go over and close Jules' living room curtains as, although what happened was hidden from a window, either Ruthie or Jules standing up was going to put them on display to the neighbours.
"You closed the curtains. Thanks, Andy. Let's get a drink."
We all moved into the kitchen. I was unable to disguise the size of my erection in my jeans with two beautiful topless women in front of me. Ruthie and I both asked for vodka and coke and Jules got them. She looked so very sexy with her top off and her brown, lustrous hair draped down her bare back.
Ruthie talked quietly to me, my arm around her with her body partially against mine.
"Oh, fucking hell. I didn't know what I wanted there after a while, honey. My mind was racing."
"What did you feel like you wanted?"
"All of it. When you were kissing and playing with Jules, I wanted to fuck you, I wanted you to fuck her and lick me, I wanted your cock in my pussy, in my bum. Shit, everything. I nearly came in my pants just thinking about it all. Fuck."
"What about both of us kissing her boobs?"
"Oh, I...I..." Ruthie moved closer into me.
I continued. "And what about me making her come?"
"I...I think I wanted to lick her...you know, her pussy."
"Maybe you should tell her."
"Oh, I don't know..."
Jules came over with our drinks. She had a calm, assured smile on her face. Her breasts swayed gently with her as she walked.
"Well, guys, you both fucking know how to get sexy, you know."
"So, you liked it then?" Ruthie asked her.
"Liked doesn't even cover it."
"What does cover it then? You can be honest. I think I could have done everything just then."
"Oh, my girl. I had it very clearly in my head. Andy fucking me and me licking you. All the time."
Ruthie involuntarily reached for her breast. "Shit, really?"
Jules was clear. The time taken to make the drinks obviously allowed her to reflect a little.
"Really, Ruthie. I wanted...want to get my tongue in your cunt."
Ruthie bows her head, still holding her breast. "Oh...fuck."
Jules turned to me, her confident body language standing there topless making me very, very hard. "Andy, you're not saying much."
"I think I want to be naked with you both and I want to explore your body, Jules. I want all of you, naked."
Jules placed her hand on her crotch above her skirt and closed her eyes.
Ruthie and I watched Jules as she tried to resist actually touching herself after all the sexual confessions. Watching her fighting her feelings was so arousing, I felt my cock pulse. Ruthie looked at me, took my hand and placed it underneath her skirt. Her mouth to my ear. "Make me come...in front of her."
I turned towards her enough that my hand slipped beneath her panties and into her pubic hair. Jules opened her eyes, saw where my hand was and couldn't control herself anymore.
She unzipped her skirt and let it drop to the floor. She got hold of her panties and pushed them down her beautiful, shapely legs and worked herself up to another orgasm. Her legs were apart, moving between fingering herself deeply and rubbing her clit. She steadied herself with her other hand as her body wanted to collapse.
I did take quite a moment to enjoy the sight of her nude. Something I didn't think I'd see before we got here. I could see Ruthie also watching.
We resumed. I explored everywhere in Ruthie's very wet, very ready lips. Her vagina was welcoming and warm and her clitoris felt almost swollen slightly, she was so aroused.
"I really want you to fuck me in front of Jules, now."
"Are you sure, Ruthie?"
"Take my pants off, honey."
Very easily, my hands slipped under her skirt and pushed her panties down. She turned to me and started to undo my jeans.
Jules spoke. "Ruthie, could I help you?"
"Jules, you can do it if you like."
I was helpless to do anything more than watch as Jules sauntered over in her nudity, kissed me on the lips and then took over from Ruthie, unbuttoning and unzipping my jeans. She pulled my jeans and pants down in one slow movement exposing my wet, rock hard erection. She knelt to be level with it.
"Oh, fuck, ooh." Jules touched her face as my penis, very fully erect, was very close to her.
She was transfixed by it.
Ruthie spoke. "Do you want to touch it, Jules?"
"Yes, please."
I added. "Whatever you want to do, Jules. It's OK."
Jules looked at my pulsing erection for a good while and, slowly, took me in one hand to feel the texture of the veins, the skin, the tip. Her other hand came up and stroked around my midriff, feeling my bellybutton, reaching up my chest, moved round and rested on my bum.
This was all too erotic. The skin on my cock felt stretched drumskin tight, I was so hard. Ruthie was standing next to me and placed her hand on Jules' head, entangling her fingers in Jules' hair.
"Do you want to suck it, Jules?" Ruthie asked.
"May I?"
"Yes, please. Get him ready to fuck me."
Jules kissed around the tip of me, developing into a lick before she took me fully in her mouth, slowly moving me up and down with her tongue laid against the underside of my length. Jules was slow and deliberate in how she took me in and out. I couldn't help thinking that she was able to take in a remarkable amount of me.
Jules took a breath.
"Fucking hell, Andy. You're very thick. I love it." and took me straight back in her mouth again.
I felt her lips moving against my skin. She was confident with me, exploring as much length as she could with each in and out movement. Eventually, she released me.
"Is he ready for me, Jules?"
"Fuck, yes, He is."
Ruthie lifted her skirt and leaned against the worktop with her bum out.
"Get inside me, honey."
I entered her so easily that Ruthie let out an "ooh" in reaction.
"Honey, Jules really got you going. You're quite big, even for you."
Jules moved to the side to watch and her hand dived into her pussy again, vigorously exploring between her labia.
I pushed Ruthie's skirt up further and tightly gripped her hips.
"Hold still for me a moment, honey." I felt Ruthie move on me and tighten a little. "Now, honey. You and me together. Show her how you love me."
Momentarily, it clicked that Ruthie used the line Eva used when Ruthie was watching us. It was her way of claiming our sex in front of Jules for her.
I could not hold back. Thrusting into her, making sure I pulled far enough back to feel my length push deep into her every time. I glanced at Jules, whose gaze was fixed on us, watching us move with and against each other.
She was naked and staring at my cock sliding in and out of Ruthie, who was murmuring in response to each deep thrust from me. I was actually beginning to lose my mind with the sexiness of it all.
Ruthie stretched her back out and gasped. I knew where she'd got to and let myself go into her, pumping and holding her tight to make sure all my hot come was inside as she let out a deep post-orgasmic "aaah." We stayed locked together, standing, as we recovered from a euphoric high. Jules was still watching.
Eventually, I slipped out and Ruthie stood up. I held her tightly from behind. We found our breath. Jules was coming down from whatever she did to herself while we were reaching our heights.
Ruthie and I turned to Jules and separated slightly. We were all silently looking at each other in that slightly exhausted post coital way, completely unashamed of our nakedness in front of each other. Jules approached us and kissed each of us on the lips, gently and placed one hand on each of our chests. She spoke slowly, almost finding each word separately.
"I have...never done anything...like that before."
Jules took a breath then continued.
"I was so completely caught up in it all." She took another deep breath and was then slightly overcome with the realisation of what happened.
"Oooh shit. Are you guys OK? I mean I didn't want to..."
Ruthie was quick to jump in. "Jules, you wanted this and we wanted this. It felt good. Yes?"
I pulled my jeans up as Jules replied.
"It was fucking out of this world. Bloody hell. I've not had a fuck that's ever been as good as that...ever!"
"Jules, come here."
I put my arm round her and all three of us hugged together. Feeling both Ruthie's and Jules' breasts in contact with me was both erotic and yet comforting. We didn't let go for a while.
Jules then spoke again.
"I...I...found it...very exciting watching you two fuck. Is that wrong?"
"Not if you enjoyed it, Jules." Ruthie replied.
"And you give a lovely blowjob, Jules." I offered into the conversation. "It was gorgeous. Thank you."
"Oh Andy. I so wanted your dick in any way. Ruthie, you weren't wrong when you said how big he is."
"I know, Jules. Lovely, isn't it." She winked at Jules and laughed. "Well, we did tell you in the pub."
"Oh, fuck off, you cheeky shits."
We were all laughing and realised it was probably time we got ourselves back into some clothes. Ruthie and Jules both put their tops back on but neither worried about their bras and Ruthie also turned her pants into a scrunchie on her wrist. Jules took her unneeded underwear upstairs. I turned to Ruthie.
"Well, I don't think we were quite expecting that to happen tonight."
"No, honey but I loved every minute of it. I'd dreamt about sex with you in front of her and we did it."
"You didn't mind that Jules took me in her mouth?"
"No, I wanted her to. it was a great start to a wonderful fu..." She stopped herself. "No, it wasn't a fuck. Not for me. We came together, honey, even then. We made love in front of Jules."
"We did. I found it all extremely sexy. It was making my head whizz."
"Good. We should go back soon probably. I'm not sure I've finished with you yet." She gave me a coy smile.
Jules came back downstairs and we sat in the living room to finish our drinks.
"Jules, are you OK with what we did tonight?" I asked. I wanted us to leave with no questions unanswered.
"Yes, Andy. Can I say something very honestly?"
"Yes, Jules." Ruthie leaned forward in her seat to encourage Jules..
"No man has given me an orgasm like you did tonight. I really want to feel your cock deep in my cunt sometime. So much."
Ruthie answered. "Is that something you would like?"
Jules was calm but clear. "Yes, I would...and I love it when you lead me, Ruthie."
"How do you mean, Jules?"
I chipped in. "You were quite assertive at points, my lovely. It was exciting because that's a different side of you Jules might not have seen before."
It was the first time I think Ruthie understood that she was quite assertive about sex.
"Really, I didn't know I did that. Do I do that with you, honey?"
We were reaching into territory Ruthie and I might have previously only discussed between us but tonight had changed that a bit.
"A little, yes, and that's good. I always said I wanted you to really enjoy us being together and part of that is knowing what you want. Anyway, it's sexy when you're certain because then I've no doubts too and we can get into enjoying each other."
Jules spoke. "Ruthie, I did like that...a lot...and Andy, both of you. Tonight was like you both letting me into your intimate life a bit so anything that happens to me, I know is going to be very fucking thrilling!"
We parted with kisses between us and an agreement that this night was special and we would do it only when we all felt comfortable with it. We wouldn't rush it. Ruthie and I were certain that we'd find the right time but also that we wouldn't make things with Jules entirely about this, otherwise a great friendship would be sacrificed.
Ruthie and I talked during the short walk home. We walked in and Joan and Gerry were in the living room. Ruthie went to put the kettle on. Gerry stood up and shook my hand.
"Andy, thanks for offering to go up to Leeds to get Hannah on Monday. We really appreciate it."
"Have you heard any more from her?"
Joan replied. "Yes, she rang today. Her ex won't be at the house now until she's gone. It really does sound like a horrible mess. I'll get her room ready on Monday so she'll feel safe when she gets home."
"Well, it's no problem at all." Ruthie came in and held my hand while I continued. "We'll sort out getting her home."
"I'll give Ruthie some money so you can eat on the way there and back and fill your car with petrol." Gerry had an insistent look on his face that suggests a refusal to accept would be pointless. "Will you need anything else?"
"Apart from an early night tomorrow, we should be fine."
Ruthie and I made tea and sat in the kitchen for a few minutes to drink it. If we were to take it upstairs, there was a good chance it would go cold. Ruthie was in a teasy mood, slightly drunk on our intense, erotic episode with Jules.
"So, see this." Ruthie waved her wrist with her panties scrunched around it. "What does this say to you, honey."
"I would say that you would be very keen for me to pay your pussy some significant attention, my lovely. My question is, how would you like me to do that?"
Ruthie was clearly drinking her tea quite quickly, despite its temperature.
"So, I can't get the picture of Jules licking me out of my head so, maybe, if you did it, it would help."
"I'm sure it would. Do you want this to happen dressed or undressed?"
"I want it to happen as soon as I can get you in my fucking room. Let's go."
Ruthie's assertive streak remained very much in place so, with a polite but brief "goodnight" to Joan and Gerry, we headed upstairs. It was a bit like in the films because we got into her room, Ruthie pushed me against the door and we got into a very passionate embrace, our tongues fervently in contact as we kissed.
"Now?" I asked.
"Now." Ruthie replied. I took her hand and, still with her jacket on, threw her on the bed.
"Open your legs, Ruthie."
She still had her shoes on but the whole idea that we were still like this just excited me more. I ran my tongue up her thigh quickly which made her gasp as I licked her labia. Although I was firm with them, I chose not to break through to her moisture beneath and teased her little folds of skin with licks and kisses.
I could feel the conflict for her. She wanted to close her legs to rub them together but didn't want me to stop either. It made her hips lift off the bed slightly. Her breathing was deeper and louder as I persisted with teasing the outside.
She began to pant a little and murmured "deeper, deeper" between her breaths.
I stopped for a moment. Then, I pressed in. My tongue broke through and was awash with her juices, and probably some of me. I found that fold by her clit straight away.
"Mmmm, that's...fucking...gor...geous." She almost growled as her deep sexy murmur kicked in.
Her hips moved with my licks as I concentrated on that fold that sit underneath her clitoris. I felt her settle into a rhythm with my tongue.
I moved away and knelt up. I heard her say "More, please, honey, more."
I lifted her legs over my shoulders because I knew what I could do. Her labia were now slightly upwards towards me as her thighs rested on my upper arms from her legs opening wider. My tongue parted her labia and I pushed straight into her vagina.
"OhhhhHHHH, fuck." She was quite loud and grabbed a cushion on her bed to stifle her cries.
Our position allowed me to do one more thing. I lifted out slightly to run a finger through her moistness from top to bottom and, as my tongue re-entered her vagina, my finger, damp with her juice, pressed her anal opening. Ruthie's body was suddenly taut and my finger entered her ring slightly. She held the cushion to her mouth as she growled into it. Her vagina pulled away from me and my finger slipped away from her anus as she stretched out to come.
Ruthie removed the cushion and was panting hard. Her hands were on either side of my face. She could barely speak as her chest was heaving. With the exception of her midriff, exposed by our physicality, we had not yet got any clothes off that we had walked in the house with.
"Are you hard?"
"Very."
"Make love to me, honey."
I dropped my trousers and pants and got on top. For the second time tonight, I entered straight into her and my movement in her was raw, strong, intent on satisfying both of us. Her hands were on my bum, pulling me towards her. I slid out and got on my knees, pulling her hips towards me. Her legs were against my chest. This let me go so deep, Ruthie's eyes widened.
"Oh yes, honey. Right in there please. Come for me, you gorgeous man."
I thrusted into her and, with my head full of Ruthie and images of Jules undressed and us having had sex in front of her, I felt the surge in my cock as I came strongly, a rush of adrenaline flowed through my body. She held me in and we kissed, passionately. Soon, I was unable to support myself and sank down onto her. Every ounce of energy was gone.
Ruthie stroked my hair as I laid on her chest. "That was incredible, honey. So absolutely marvellous. I love you, honey."
"I love you too, darling. So, so much." We laid together in a sexually satisfied, dishevelled heap.
I eventually raised my head. "Shall we get into bed, Ruthie?"
"Yes, honey. I want to be held by you. I want your skin on mine."
Slowly, through undressing ourselves and each other, eventually we were standing naked in front of each other. We kissed and embraced each other - romantic, close. Ruthie led me to the bed. We climbed in and she moved into my arms, facing away from me.
After a while, Ruthie had clearly processed tonight. She stroked my hand.
"Honey?"
"Yes, my lovely."
"Do you think we went too far with Jules tonight?"
"Are you feeling a little unsure about it all now?"
"I don't want it to damage us or my friendship with Jules."
"May I suggest something then?"
"What are you thinking, honey?"
"We're free tomorrow. Why don't we go out somewhere with her tomorrow? Spend some time, all three of us, away from either the pub or in a house. What do you think?"
"That would be lovely. I want to feel good about tonight with her. It was so daring and sexy and yet I felt so secure with you there, honey."
We fell asleep in each other's arms after an exciting, erotic night.