After watching Sandi and Derek fuck their brains out right in front of us Ellen, with modest hesitation, admitted that she could always arouse herself during masturbation when she imagined that she was doing it in front of other people. Who knew??!! Now after a lifetime of marriage the dam broke loose and over the next month she began to share her closest secrets about being a closet exhibitionist.
For those of you who follow my feeble attempts at telling a story you know that Ellen and I began dating when she was a teenager and when we married she was still a teenager- I'm 3 years older. Through thick and thin, we've been together ever since and I've never, at any time, questioned her sexual naivety, conservatism, innocence; or, her outward reluctance and hesitation to try new things. I accepted it, this was who Ellen was and is.
However, now that I understand her proclivity toward exhibitionism, and being the pervert that I am, I began to press Ellen about the topic. Happily she was open to this new line of questioning and I was blown away while she shared a couple of her teen escapades. Let's see, how about when, as an 18 year old high school senior, she wasn't on a date but with girlfriends and she would fully expose her ass by dropping her pants and panties to freely moon drivers in cars adjacent to her. That was always great fun. And don't forget about the time that she went to French class in a mini-skirt (yes, we're that old) after removing her panties in the bathroom, then spreading her thighs to allow the 30 year old male teacher a direct and unobstructed view of her hairy, juicy pussy while she was playing with it. She even pulled that on a 40-something female math teacher just to try to get a reaction. She did, and the lady asked if they could get together one day! Ellen and her uppity friends laughed about these things throughout high school.
In college she was just as playful. Ellen went to a local school and lived at home but that didn't stop her. She would undress in front of the window, sunbathe in the skimpiest of bikinis showing off her unshaved pubic hair sticking out of the bottom of the suit and her ample breast orbs on the top while her boyfriends were in the back yard visiting and trying to hide their hard-ons; and, she always wore tight sweaters so the old time pointed bras would make the beautiful huge nipples on her 34 Ds clearly visible. She always said that she hated such large tits but she sure knew how to use them to her advantage! She was a prick-tease and yet through all of this when we married she was still a virgin, which was confirmed on the first night of our honeymoon! Life's funny that way—her tunnel was always locked shut, it was a "no cocks allowed zone" and she was always under full control of her emotions as she never drank (thank goodness that's changed) and she never played around with any drugs, not even pot! Don't get me wrong, although she never freely admitted this, she was no angel- she allegedly jerked off some of her casual dates just to see and touch a cock- maybe even sucked a couple; and, most likely let a few guys reach under her skirt to finger her; but, no fucking and no total nudity!
Now in her 60s Ellen still looks great! Her face belies her age- she appears to be in her early forties, her body's still tight from working out 2-3 times a week, her 34Ds are still erect and her skin is like silk. She's 5'4", 109 pounds, has almond shaped brown eyes, a natural turned up nose, beautifully shaped lips and auburn hair. She still has a great ass and a nicely groomed pussy even though it's not as bushy as it used to be- something I really miss, as I used to love to wade through the forest. Lastly she has a very responsive clit that gives her the ability to have multiple orgasms without trying. Yep, she's still a hottie!
Knowing all this about her tells you why she was open to having sex in front of Sandi and Derek even though she put on the charade of reluctance. She told me that as soon as Sandi suggested it she started diddling herself more often and has lately found that her panties and pussy are really moist; and, they've remained that way since the suggestion was made. How'd I know, I'm just the dope that lives with her!
"So", I asked, "how do you want to do this?"
"You're my wing-man, just go along with whatever I say and do. I'm going to invite Sandi and Derek to our house in two weeks, no pretenses, and am going to tell them that I will agree to the sex show but absolutely no cameras or phones allowed. And, most importantly, neither Sandi nor Derek can participate with us in our evening and neither one can touch us while we're having sex. If they don't go along with any of these things we'll immediately stop whatever we're doing. If they're OK with the terms then I'll be OK. Is that all right with you?"
My answer was simple, direct and very quick, "yep, I'm good."
Anticipation is a great motivator. Ellen and I talked, planned, played with one another and fucked for two weeks waiting for "the" night. The preparation was great and very little was left to the imagination. As we were dressing for the evening's festivities I noticed that Ellen did something she hadn't done in a long while, she applied a little Chanel #5 perfume to her pubic area. In my opinion, this is one of the most wonderful smells in the world and one that brings back fond memories of our early dating life and times together.
Sandi and Derek knocked on the door at 7PM sharp and Ellen and I greeted them completely nude! Both of their mouths dropped. Sandi, who recovered quickly, reached out and kissed Ellen on the cheek while caressing her left breast and poor Derek didn't know what to do. We invited them in and immediately led them to the master bedroom. Ellen and I had agreed that we didn't want to waste any time or energy on small talk and wanted to begin the show right away.
Our guests sat on the two chairs in the bedroom and began to make themselves comfortable- they each disrobed. This was definitely an interesting twist and one that neither Ellen nor I anticipated; but, was allowed as it was well within the ground rules.
We began by French kissing and lightly stroking, while each of us was touching the other's body. We knew the erogenous zones of our partner so we began to explore. Slowly. Soon our kisses became more intense, tongues flickering in the other's mouth when, almost simultaneously, we both wanted our mouths all over the other's body. As I kissed Ellen's tits making her nipples hard, she reached down and began to lightly play with my cock. "You show me yours and I'll show you mine!" I let my hand drift to Ellen's pussy and touched those pink lips—she was already wet with desire. I was hard as a rock.
I gently nudged Ellen to the bed and had her lie on her back so I could place my face in her crotch and reach up to cup both breasts with my hands. The aroma of her pubes was overwhelming and I began not just kissing the area but I actually started lapping her pussy. I wanted her juices and her smell all over my face and head. Ellen was as aroused as I could ever remember. Her hips were in rhythm with my head bobs; her pussy was flowing, she was moaning quietly, her breathing was rapid and her first orgasm hit with such intensity I stopped for a second to make sure that she was OK. She was- she just wanted more, much more!
Reluctantly I left her pussy to lie next to her. I wanted her to kiss my face and taste her juices that I was slathered in. She knew what I wanted and happily complied- it felt like she was eating my face, I really don't know how else to describe it. Ellen's orgasms began to come more rapidly and I wanted to erupt and would have had I let her give me one of her awesome blow jobs—at that moment it would have been too much for me. In order to try to slow down my orgasm I turned Ellen over, spread her legs, got between her thighs and lowered my face to her ass. We don't often do anal but every once in a while Ellen really enjoys a good licking and maybe even a pinkie insertion. On this night, she really liked both and while she was on her stomach she reached down and started playing with her pussy and clit while I was doing my thing!
Ellen's orgasms couldn't and wouldn't stop. I got off her ass and laid on my back, cock standing straight up facing the ceiling. Ellen straddled my hips, climbed on my penis and began a slow and methodical up and down motion which escalated to more and more rapid ups-and-downs. Her pussy was steaming, her tits and nipples were in my face and I was ready to let go. Ellen realized where I was and what was about to happen and she knew that I liked to cum all over her; so, she rolled off me to allow me enough time to get over her. I shot my load. My cum hit her pussy, her belly, her tits, her face and her hair—a perfect 10! Right away I laid on top of her and we "bathed" in the cum: it was hot, wet, gooey and sticky. It just wasn't enough for me so I straddled Ellen's face so that my ass was right in front of her, leaned over and began eating my wife out while she was licking my anus. My cum was still oozing out of her as were her juices- she had an instant orgasm and a couple of minutes later I did as well. To cool things down, I rolled off of Ellen and continued to lightly stroke and massage Ellen's pussy and clit until we both caught our breath.
We were so lost in our lust that we completely forgot about Sandi and Derek until we heard sounds from where we left them. We looked up and saw that Derek's cock was in Sandi's ass as she was bent over the chair and he was pumping away like a wild man. They saw us watching and we all began a riotous laugh at the scene and the experience. When Sandi could speak again she not only thanked us for allowing them to enjoy our performance but also wanted to let us know that as a surprise they asked Carrie and Dave to sit on our lanai and watch the whole event through our bedroom window from the pool area, as they too were devout exhibitionists and voyeurs. After our shock and delight at the revelation, and even though we were exhausted, we took time to invite the new couple into the house to join the four of us, had some drinks and began to get to know our "new" friends a little better. It turns out that several months ago they were at the party that we attended at Sandi and Derek's house that started this sexual odyssey but at the time we didn't notice them as they paired up with several other couples in the hot tub.
As Sandi and Derek were leaving Derek pulled me aside to ask that I speak with Ellen about the possibility of the four of us swapping one night. I said that I would speak with her but told him not to expect a positive response- I know I sure didn't but, hey, these past couple of years have been filled with surprises.
When we were finally alone, showered and in bed we went over the evening in detail. Ellen was beaming and said, "I never thought that being watched would be so exhilarating! I get goose bumps every time I think about it. I wouldn't do this every week but at least now I know that I wouldn't hesitate if another opportunity came up." My imagination immediately leapt into overdrive trying to imagine all kinds of scenarios.
I started playing with Ellen's pussy and clitoris and told her that I loved her; gave her a long passionate kiss; and then put my cock in her pussy and enjoyed a great fuck. Who ever said that life in Florida is boring?