The smell of semen on her breath was unmistakable. Nothing smells like cum, and as Lizzie pushed her tongue into my mouth, the familiar taste confirmed it.
My cock had been hard all night, as usual, as I waited for my wife to come home, but for once I'd actually dropped off, naked on the bed, before she arrived.
Hiking her dress to her waist, Lizzie threw one long, shapely, black stocking-enclosed leg over me and lowered herself onto my cock. She was dripping wet and her cunt was hot and open, my cock fully inside her as she immediately started grinding her hips, one hand on my chest to stabilise herself and the other holding her hair up at the nape of her neck.
We both moaned and I ran my hands up her thighs to hold her hips, pulling her firmly down and forward with each of her hip movements, pushing up into her.
"Who was he?" I asked.
"Hm.. No idea.. some guy.. young guy, young wife.."
"He was married? He told you?"
Lizzie chuckled, her breath short, "she was there, at the club."
My cock spasmed. "Fuck, that's hot. She knew?"
She didn't know. Lizzie had been flirting back and forth with the guy, his wife caught her husband staring at Lizzie in her classic short black dress and patent heels, simple jewellery, incredible ass stretching the sheer fabric, plunging neckline revealing defined collarbones, narrow cleavage between small tits, prominent nipples outlined and confirming she wore no bra.
Lizzie said the wife was stunning, and young, and not happy about her husband dancing with Lizzie, Lizzie laughed as he was dragged away by the elbow and left Lizzie with her "girl's night" friends.
She kept up a show, knowing he was still sneaking looks from a distant booth, bumping and grinding with randoms on the dance floor, slut-dropping so that he had a brief view of her parted thighs and stretched dress, a glimpse of her lacy red French knickers and stocking tops.
Lizzie was enjoying herself, both then, and again now as she told me, making sure to answer my questions in great detail as we fucked, slow and deep now as the initial frantic urgency had passed and my wife had orgasmed once on my hard cock, her cum running down my shaft till I felt it on my stomach.
"Fuck.. and?"
"She caught him looking again and had a hissy fit, she dragged him off to a booth and i saw lots of finger wagging, shouting and innocent shrugging."
I laughed softly, imagining the scene.
"Sandy, you remember my schoolfriend Sandy?'
I did, difficult to forget with those legs. "I do, yes."
"She thought it was hilarious, which I don't think was helping. Anyway we were watching all this from the dancefloor. it looked like, at one point, she would come over to me, but she just stared daggers and then obviously decided they were leaving."
"Go on. Fuck, your cunt feels good. Were you wet?"
"Soaked. with the excitement and sweat from dancing I could feel trickles running down my thighs."
I groaned, this so hot. I loved checking to see how aroused my wife was in any given situation simply by touching her cunt or panties, discretely under her dress or with fingers sliding under the waistband of her trousers. When Lizzie wanted me to know something was really turning her on she would find a way to give me access, maybe pop a button on her jeans under a restaurant table, and pull my hand between her legs, often without speaking or looking at me.
"I watched as she stomped off to the cloakroom, many male eyes following her as she strode along in red heels, looking amazing, flicking her hair about angrily. she really was stunning and I think plenty of men near enough to them to have heard the argument were hoping she was about to be on the market. her ass.. I bet she looks like a porn star when she cums.."
Lizzie was moving much faster now, both hands on my chest, hair falling onto my skin as she bent her neck, face down, shuddered and came on my cock again, squeezing me hard and sending more hot cum running down to my balls and the bed.
"Lizzie_ please.." I said.
"Sorry... wow.. she was really hot. I'm sorry, Where was I? Yes, she went to the cloakroom."
"I'd seen a queue of people fetching coats earlier when I went past the cloakroom to the loo, so I knew I had a few minutes."
"I went over to him, fast, and didn't look at his face or talk to him, just dropped to my knees in front of him, between his legs, pulled his belt and flies open and put his cock in my mouth. He had obviously been thinking about me."
I gasped, my cock jumping and balls contracting hard. Lizzie felt it and began to grind faster again,
"Hard?" I breathed?
"Like a rock. he instantly put his hands on the back of my head, twisted my hair in his hands and fucked my face. Nearly choked me but fuck, I was wet. I came, in fact."
I moaned, pulling her hips harder and faster toward me with each of her thrusts.
Lizzie had her back arched now, her hands on the bed behind her, head dropped backwards exposing her elegant neck, one large throbbing vein prominent.
Lizzie stopped speaking for a few seconds and had another powerful orgasm, a little cum squirting from her cunt to join the pool around my belly button.
"God. He came really fast, like seconds, and he came a lot, holding me hard against him, his legs were straight out in front of him, pushing his ass out of the seat.'
"you swallowed it?" Not really a question, but I liked to hear the answer.
"Yes, of course."
I was close. Lizzie knew it and hopped off of my cock, effortlessly straightening her toned thighs and swinging her leg over me to kneel on the bed beside me. Her cum dropped from her cunt to land on my skin as she did so.
I groaned and grabbed my cock but she slapped my hands away. She wanted to watch without interruption. It was agonising whe she did this but my God it made me cum hard every time,
Holding her hair behind her neck with one hand, my wife bent close to my hard, vertical cock and continued speaking as she watched pre-cum ooze from me, her face close, fascinated.
"He finished and pushed me away, panicking to do his trousers up. Nobody pushes me away like that when I've just done them the honour of swallowing their cum, so I got a little revenge as I walked away."
"Oh God, I'm so close Lizzie, touch me for fuck's sake."
"Nope. Anyway, stroppy hot wife shouldered through the crowd towards me with their coats as I walked away from their booth and her husband, although I was far enough away that she couldn't have seen where I'd been, it was obvious."
"She.. she was angry?" My eyes closed, back arched as I began to cum, longing to touch myself but being stopped each time I tried to by my determined wife
"She looked murderous. I gave her a big smile, brought my fingers to my lips and stretched them apart so that cum was clearly visible, stretched between them, shining in the strobes like a thick spider's web, and slowly licked them clean as she stared, mouth open."
I went over the edge imagining this scene. I gave one long, loud groan, thrust my hips and strained away from the bed, my hands supporting me under my ass, elbows propping me up, and came hard.
Lizzie quickly shuffled round to kneel between my legs, pushing them apart with her thighs. She loved to see the thick vein under my cock pulse and pump when I came, and very gently she rested my balls in her cupped hands as they contracted again and again.
Lizzie watched with delight, waiting until I had stopped spurting before taking me in her mouth, hands on my thighs, and expertly made me cum immediately for the second time, the sensation overriding the agony of post-orgasm sensitivity.
When it was over she told me, "your cum tastes much nicer than his, but I wish you had seen the wife so you could picture her ass when you came." She gave a long sigh and we both fell into an exhausted sleep.
Over the next few days I made Lizzie tell me the story again and again, loving that she remembered or added tiny embellishments each time. This is a regular routine for us. It's a huge turn-on for me, waiting at home while she's out, or, even better, being there to watch, discretely, the flirting and pickup, then leaving, getting a text or picture now and then if she can manage to sneak it to me. I stay hard, rock hard, painfully hard, the whole time she's out - sometimes making myself cum 4 or 5 times when I can't stand it any longer, but I just never get limp, desperate for the moment I hear the taxi pull up and her heels clacking on the path as she hurries towards me.
Sometimes, even better, I'll hear the car stop and peek out of the gap in the curtains to see her recent lover kissing her goodnight, hands all over each other. Lizzie is just as desperate to tell me about her evening as I am to hear about it, and to get my cock in her mouth or cunt, which is invariably dripping wet, as are her panties, if she still has them (which is by no means guaranteed).
Planned adventures are, of course, great, but when I get a text that she's being seduced or flirted with, followed by, often much later, one saying that she won't be home (always with an address, just in case - which is very often a hotel, given the marital status of many of the men who pick her up) - then my excitement levels go into overdrive and all hope of concentration for the rest of my night is lost.
Lizzie kept mentioning that she was surprised how different a man's cum could taste, regardless of food or drink, she maintained that each man she'd ever gone down on tasted different, joking that she should do a blind test to see if she could identify a guy by sucking his cock.
Joking myself, I said that if she really wanted a back-to-back comparison then we should find a busy dogging site for a couple of hours. Despite our lifestyle we'd never been, although we'd talked about and fantasised about it there was always something which held us back.
"OK, let's," said Lizzie, out of the blue one evening.
"What? Let's what?"
"Go dogging. I can suck some cocks and check my taste theory."
I was immediately turned on, no need to ask if she was sure - my wife is always sure when she says things like this.
I agreed to do the research and make the arrangements. For the next few nights I hunted slightly seedy websites, collecting potential locations. I drove to them all, sometimes taking Lizzie, but most of them were deserted or had one or two hopeful looking men wandering about or sitting in cars with their headlights on. I asked and was told, sadly, that a lot of sites were being shut down by a police task force, and when a new one popped up it was mobbed for a few days until all of a sudden it was discovered by the authorities and closed.
This older guy I met at one of the deserted sites told me that there was a rumour that a place was going to be setup on private woodland, which the police could do nothing about, and they were all just waiting for details. I gave him my number and he promised to let me know if it happened. I never expected to hear from him again and Lizzie and I kind of let the matter drop and got on with our lives.
Fully 6 months later I got a text from an unknown number just saying, "It's on", and directions to a place Google Maps showed was literally in the middle of nowhere. I had no idea who it was from at first, until his cryptic clue ideas ran out during our exchange of texts and he just replied, "DOGGING."
I was very excited at the news but decided I'd wait until I checked it out so make sure it wasn't another dead end before telling Lizzie.
A few days later I was dropping Lizzie in town - I was already very hard because she was meeting up with clients from abroad and she was pretty certain one of the men was very into her, so she was in the mood for some teasing and was telling me as we drove, softly, looking out of her window, what she was going to do to him, and let him do for her, and that she promised to bring her panties, which she would use to clean his cum from her cunt, home for me so she could wear them while we fucked.
As always I asked her to help with one of my favourite fantasies - we had managed to do it twice in years and both came and came. Her challenge was to bring home a used condom, full of her lover's cum, the more the better, but not knotted - which was tricky. She'd carried the first in her bag, pinching it closed the whole way back in the cab, and the second inside her cunt where he'd left it, her panties holding it in as she walked carefully to her car.
She raced into the house, her precious cargo intact and I lay naked as she carefully pulled the condom over my hard cock, both of us turned on by another man's cum spread over it and encased in the tight rubber.
We fucked several times and I added 3 or 4 loads of my own to that already there.
Between fucks, when I soft, I was careful to keep the condom in place until I hardened again, When we were finally sated, Lizzie pulled it slowly off of my cock and the mixed cum emptied over me, Lizzie hurriedly bending to lap it into her mouth from my stomach. There always seemed to be a huge amount of cum - the end of the condom weighed down and my cock completely covered in sticky residue.
We kept those condoms and used them again and again until they split.
Once, walking home hand in hand one night, we saw a very full used condom lying on the path, and stopped, looking at it, then each other. We contemplated it for a long few seconds and then walked on, both of us regretting the missed opportunity later. I think if we had another chance, we'd probably do it. Filthy.
Tonight Lizzie was wearing the exact same outfit as for her nightclub adventure - sheer black dress, stockings, single strand of pearls, high patent heels in black. Her hair was tied at the nape of her neck, flowing like silk over her shoulders and she wore just enough makeup and perfume, and not too much of either. She looked and smelled like moving sex.
There was no traffic, unusually, and Lizzie complained that we were going to be early, I realised where we were and thought I'd kill two birds with one stone, spinning the car round I drove past the hotel and almost immediately onto a single lane, unlit country road, little more than a track, the steep downhill gradient quickly hiding the bright lights behind us and plunging us into darkness.
Lizzie giggle, naughtily. "Where are you taking me? Should I scream for help?"
I smiled at her, "quick detour - remember that dogging guy said this new private place was starting up or something? Meant to be just up here I think."
I checked the coordinates the random had given me on Google Maps and found I was right - the place was about 500 yards away.
Lizzie glanced at her watch. "OK, let's take a look and see if it's got potential but I can't be late for this thing so let's not linger, OK?"
I nodded and we turned into a layby which opened up into a large clearing, past an open gate and over a cattle grid, both of which had signs telling us to keep out, which I had been told to expect.
Finally, after another couple of minutes of bouncing over the uneven road, we met a dead end and swung round in an arc to drive out again,
As we did so, the headlights swept over a group of cars and people in the far corner of the clearing, maybe 6 or 8 vehicles and a large number of people milling about and holding their hands over their eyes against the glare of my lights. Realising I was blinding them, I turned my lights off and we trundled slowly over, car idling.
I heard Lizzie inhale sharply. She was sitting upright - peering over the bonnet into the night, straining against her seatbelt, trying to get a clearer view.
Looking closely myself as we approached, the scene was amazing,
At least 10 men were in various states of undress, trousers off or down, zips open, shorts stretched - all of them had their cocks in their hands, some big, some small, some huge, frantically wanking to stay hard and wait their turn.
They were waiting for two women. One was older, good body, completely naked except her red heels, and she was standing against a car, supporting herself with her hands flat on the roof, her ass thrust out, bracing herself with her head down, her hair falling almost to the floor, as a guy with jeans down to his thighs and no shirt stood behind her and fucked her as hard as he could, ramming into her as the others watched.
One of the bystanders in particular grabbed my attention. He too was older, and was sitting in the car, window down, directly in front of the woman, giving him a close up view of the action happening inches from his face. It was him that the woman was looking at, their eyes locked. He had his fat cock in his hand, his lower body naked, his shirt open, and was stroking and talking to the man behind her.
"Fuck that bitch - fuck her harder, fill that cunt. Go on - fuck her hard - harder, hard as you can, that's it, cum in the slag's cunt, fuck the whore.."
This talk was relentless and we knew, for sure, that the man in the car spurring the guy fucking the woman on was her husband, or at least partner.
She was gasping and tossing her head about and we both saw her cum as the fucking and verbal abuse continued.
"Fuck.." Said my wife, totally captivated by the scene, watching unblinking.
The other woman was much younger - early 20s maybe - and she was dressed, tight top showing big tits, skirt hiked up to reveal a red g-string. She was on her haunches, a cock in her mouth and others waiting for her. As we watched, one guy couldn't wait and walked quickly over to her, cock in hand, and came in her hair and over her neck and face, where his cum fell quickly from her chin. She didn't even pause,, just kept on giving head, her hand dropping between her legs every now and then to finger herself.
Lizzie dropped a hand into my lap, still looking ahead she traced the outline of my cock, now very hard and straining at my summer shorts, tenting the crotch material.
She gave a little whimper as the older woman's knees buckled and she had to be held up, her entire body trembling as she let out an animal moan, cumming continually as the man fucking her stood straight, said,"fuck," just once, and pulled quickly out of her, already sending his cum in thick white ropes over her ass and back.
"Oh my God - look at how much there is!' murmured my wife, rubbing my cock faster now. "He was already cumming when he pulled out!"
Lizzie glanced at her watch and picked up her phone, saying that just 10 minutes late wouldn't hurt and sending a text message to her work guests at the hotel.
"I want a closer look, this is making me wet."
Lizzie stepped out of the car and closed the door, walking over to where the woman had a different man behind her, cock buried in her dripping cunt.
It took about 10 seconds for a man to approach this sexy, elegant newcomer in the expensive dress, and as Lizzie began talking to him, explaining, I expected that we were short on time but would definitely be back, my phone pinged with a message. It was from my friend at work, to whom I'd been sending erotic pictures of my wife, with her knowledge of course, because his own wife was stunning, and I really wanted to see her naked, and he had just the day before, after weeks of persuading and sending a dozen pictures of Lizzie, has finally relented and sent me one of his wife, naked, asleep on a bed, legs open revealing white cum leaking from her perfectly waxed cunt.
Now another picture had arrived and it was even better. In this shot she was on her knees, the photo taken by my friend, looking up at the camera with a huge load of cum on her face, her open mouth full too as she locked eyes with the photographer with lust written all over her, and a big cock that she could only get her hand half way round, dripping a large string of white mess onto her. Looking down as we were from above, the shape of perfect, small tits (i love small tits as they have more shape and definition and are often more sensitive) and prominent, erect nipples were clear.
I replied that she was beautiful and that I was so jealous of him and his big cock getting to cum on that face and, to my astonishment, he replied that he was jealous too.
"What do you mean?' I messaged
"Found it on her old iPad. think it's her ex. There are more."
I was seriously intrigued - keeping pictures of somebody else's cum on your face when you get married to another man is not something you do accidentally. she had those shots for a reason and. I was keen to discuss it with him, very keen.
However, it would have to wait as my train of thought was interrupted by the noise of something hitting the car which was so loud from inside that I thought I'd been crashed into. My attention snapped away from my phone to the windscreen.
My wife was staring at me from outside, 4 feet away. She was bent over the car bonnet, supporting herself with locked arms, palms flat on the warm metal.
There was a tall, powerful, fat and broad man who looked about 50 standing behind Lizzie and as he grabbed her hips and adjusted her position with casual ease my cock gave a long, constricting spasm, which is so incredible yet so painful that i almost can't endure it when it happens. I also dont want it to stop.
I saw his movements, his hands and lower arms out of sight, head down and concentrating, adjusting,
Then my wife's eyes closed and her head fell backwards, her mouth open in pleasure as his hands appeared on her hips again.
The violence with which Lizzie is forced forward against the car is shocking, its like something large has charged her from behind as she braces herself - her toned arms quivering a little against the force behind her which rams her forward with each thrust. Later, at home, we discovered clear bruises matching the shape and height of the bonnet and grille, prominent on Lizzie's thighs and midriff.
They're both looking at me through the glass - Lizzie lustful and dirty, the man fucking her concentrating, distant, superior, even a little mocking, as he took my wife on my car. I pulled my cock out of my shorts and leaned forward in my seat, stroking myself in time with his thrusts.
Lizzie turned her head to speak briefly to the man inside her cunt and he beckoned to me, doing it again, impatient, when I didn't immediately respond. In a trance, I hopped out of the car, cock still in my hand, and took the 3 steps to stand next to my wife, who was breathing hard through her mouth. The man, fatter than I had thought but well built, had paused, his cock buried in Lizzie, her panties pulled to one side.
Lizzie pulled her hair out of the way and he reached down and unzipped her dress after releasing the clip at her neck, whereupon she pushed herself upright enough to pull it over her head, leaving her naked except for her stockings, panties and heels.
"It was going to get ruined," explained my wife, handing the flimsy dress to me at arms length. As I took it I saw that the man was absently cupping her tits with both hands, Lizzie's sensitive nipples erect in the warm night air, standing almost upright, her head back against his shoulder, her back arched.
Then his hand was on her back, between her shoulder blades, pushing her firmly down, her face and tits against the bonnet as he began to pound her again.
He was looking at me, a slight smile on his face.
"Your girl's cunt is amazing, mate. Not often I get to fuck a classy slag like this. She's cum on my cock once, let's see if I can make her do it again - watch."
Still looking at me, he took a firm hold of the base of Lizzie's neck, used his other hand to brace himself against the car lay his body weight over her back, covering her like a dog on a bitch, struggling to keep his footing as Lizzie bucked and pushed back.
After a couple of minutes of this my wife put her hands out in front of her, stretching her arms, she managed to touch the base of the windscreen. I saw her legs quivering, her ankles shaking as she tried to keep her balance in her heels and, loudly telling the stranger to "fuck me harder, faster, come on, thats good," she moaned and stopped moving completely as she came again.
Limp and lifeless like a ragdoll, Lizzie lay passively as the guy picked her left leg up, then her right, placing her feet on the bumper of my car so that she was 3 feet off the ground. her face tipped down and her ass pushed up. Then, standing between Lizzie's legs, he grabbed her hips and fucked her hard and fast, using this new leverage to push into her from directly below her cunt, her ass raised in front of him. Eventually, he swore, shouting, "here it comes, whore," and I saw his ass cheeks squeeze together over and over as he came.
When he pulled out, so much liquid dropped from Lizzie's cunt that I thought he had cum inside her, but he was wearing a condom, which was now full and sagging heavily from his cock. he peeled it off, breathing hard, and was about to knot it and dispose of it when Lizzie, alert again, said, "No! give it to my husband."
My cock twitched and i groaned with excitement as he slowly passed me the full condom, warm and heavy in my palm.
He and Lizzie, looking back over her shoulder from where she now lay prone on the bonnet, watched as I slowly pulled the condom onto my own cock, the rubber stretched but the lubricant of the stranger's hot cum making it slide easily on. Stretching it as far down my shaft as it would go, I held it tight with my fingers wrapped round my cock and stood between my wife's legs, bending my knees I pushed all the way into her soaking, open cunt with one thrust. She squirmed, moaning, as i started to fuck her.
"Does it feel good?" my wife asked me. "your cock in his cum? can you feel it?'
I could and I told her, between gasping breaths. "It's incredible. it's hot. like my cock is in a warm bath. I can feel it all over my shaft and under my foreskin." Lizzie went crazy as I spoke. pushing back hard and constantly encouraging me to "cum in his cum."
Very soon I felt my orgasm build, the spasms in my cock and balls becoming frequent, the gaps between them shorter until, bent over my wife's back, sweat dripping onto her smooth skin from my forehead, I shuddered and silently came, aware all the time that I was adding my cum to the strangers. Lizzie was aware too, and she came again even as my cock started to slide out of her.
As before, I was very careful to remove and hold the condom - now a third full with our mixed semen, so that nothing spilled.
Lizzie was standing, using the bonnet of the car to help steady herself as her legs still quivered.
Suddenly a small, younger man stepped from the gloom and stood directly behind Lizzie, holding his small cock, encased in a condom, trying to guide it into my wife.
Lizzie, who had been ready to leave, still worried about her working social evening, felt the guy behind her, considered for a second and then bent again, saying, "OK, but just you, we have to go, we're late."
I heard a series of mumbling complaints and turned, surprised to see a line of men, probably 8 or 9, now waiting their turn with Lizzie, the other older woman had seemingly done enough to arouse her watching husband, and I could see her bare soles pressed against the glass of the side window in their car, his pale ass going like a jackhammer between her splayed legs, so these other frustrated guys wanted round 2 with my wife, and were to be disappointed tonight.
We needn't have worried about being too late to the hotel - the younger guy thrust into Lizzie 2 or 3 times, then swore loudly and came. Lizzie seemed relieved and glanced at her watch. Turning to smile brightly at everyone she again told the guy to carefully give me the condom he'd just used. I was very surprised at how much cum there was - it was already nearly half full.
I held it up so Lizzie could see it and she shuddered with pleasure.
Quickly pulling her dress back on, we promised to return some other night and drove away. On the way to the hotel, a 5 minute drive, Lizzie fixed her makeup and hair in the vanity mirror and, to my intense pleasure, cleaned her cunt very thoroughly with her panties, legs open, heeled feet on the dashboard to give her enough access to do the best job she could.
I pulled into the semi-circular driveway and stopped at the brightly lit hotel entrance. Lizzie threw her panties, giggling, at my face as she hopped out and past the uniformed doormen, blowing me a kiss over her shoulder and telling me she'd let me know if she was staying out, and hopefully other updates...
The panties were so wet I could have wrung them out. There were literally dripping as I carried them home in my lap, staining my shorts.
I had very carefully placed both condoms in the centre console, using it's slope to make sure the cum stayed in the bulb at the tip, a sunglasses case placed over the open end, holding them still.
I had plans for them.
The moment I got in I poured myself a stiff drink and went up to our bedroom, discarding my clothes quickly, I took the fuller of the two comdoms and, bent at the waist so that nothing would spill, carefully pulled it on to my cock, which of course was hard again, thinking of what my wife might be up to.
I stood and took a close up picture with my phone, then one of me in the full length mirror, both showing my cock pointing straight up, encased in the tight, cum filled condom.
Laying on our bed, I sent the pictures to Lizzie and took my cock in my hand, closing my eyes to picture her face as she looked at me through the car windscreen, the guy behind her fucking her for all he was worth. I stroked myself, slowly at first, using some lube to prevent damage to the condom, loving the sensation of the stranger's
cum trapped in place against my cock.
i was building up speed now, moving my hips to meet my fist as it travelled to the base of my cock and back up to the sensitive tip.
My phone vibrated and i opened the message from my wife, catching my breath and feeling my cock jump. The picture was slightly out of focus and the light was dim. It was clearly a candid shot, Lizzie had secretly held her phone under the table she was sitting at in the hotel bar.
The picture was an upskirt, Lizzie's legs parted a little and a strong, large, male hand complete with an expensive looking watch and wedding ring, was resting on her thigh above her knee, having rucked her dress up to reveal her bare skin.
looking at the picture I returned to wanking myself, knowing this was going to continue to be an amazing day and night and feeling barely able to wait for Lizzie to get home.
While I was still looking at the phone screen it vibrated again and another picture - as before, no text, taken secretly, arrived, Fucking amazing. My wife's legs were splayed, dress pushed further up, the man's hand on her cunt and, zooming in, two fingers bent at the knuckle, inside her.
The picture forced my orgasm and I moaned as my hips moved involuntarily and my thighs strained. I took my eyes off of the screen to watch my cum add to that already in the condom, then lay back, too horny to sleep, too tired to move.
I received two more picrures over the next few hours. the first has obviously been taken in a bathroom, Lizzie must have been alone because it was a full body shot in the mirror. Lizzie was naked but had what looked like a blindfold dangling round her neck, her hair was in disarray and her makeup, what was left of it, smeared across her face. She looked very tired, but very happy, and those tell-tale nipples were hugely erect.
lizzie was smiling at me in the mirror, and I was, as usual, aroused to know she was enjoying herself.
The second picture, around 3 am, was taken in bed, Lizzie was flat on her back, holding the camera high above her head, I suppose, as the shot showed the length of her body from her tits to her feet. A large looking man had his head on Lizzie's chest, clearly asleep, a heavy arm draped over her torso and a beefy, hairy leg between hers.
I really loved the intimacy of that shot, and I have frequently come back to it when looking through my favourite pictures.
I made myself cum again, the used condom still on my cock - I had decided that rather than risk losing some of contents before my wife came home it was safer just to keep it on.
I tried to read, watched TV, but found was no way to distract myself for even a moment then, finally, at 7 am I heard a rattling diesel engine followed by the familiar hurried steps, heels clacking on the path as my wife arrived home.
I ran to the front door, naked, cock still very hard, and we began kissing passionately as soon as she closed it behind her. collapsing to the floor, Lizzie lay on her back, legs bent at the knee, thighs splayed. she wore no panties and her stockings and suspender belt were gone, "He kept them." Lizzie explained.
"Go down on me," she said, urgency in her voice. "I'll give you all the details later, but right now just go down on me, taste what I've been doing in that hotel room."
Her dress was restricting how far I could push her legs open, and I wanted them as wide apart as possible, so I grabbed the letter opener from the hall table a few feet away and made a cut into the hem, before grabbing two fistfuls of the sheer material and ripping it completely off of Lizzie, throwing it behind me, leaving her naked, thighs splayed flat against the floor, her smooth, engorged cunt gloriously on display, Lizzie watching me stare at it, biting her lower lip, rubbing her nipple absently, fascinated by my close attention.
Suddenly Lizzie broke the spell, arched her back and stretched her neck, sighing, her hands above her head as I lay between her legs and lowered my face to her cunt.
Her cunt lips were swollen and red and there were clearly defined bruises in the shape of gripping fingers on her upper thighs. She smelled amazing - her own, familiar, musk of her cum mixed with pungent semen.
I pushed my tongue inside her and began to move slowly, tracing a circle with it's tip, gently touching Lizzie's engorged clit with my thumb, driving her into an orgasm as she held my face between her hands.
As my wife came and her cunt contracted around my tongue, I tasted semen and moaned, lapping harder as it ran slowly into my mouth for me to swallow between ragged breaths.
"I'm sorry," murmured Lizzie, "I didn't keep any condoms. he didnt have any."
I raised my face, wet, and asked, "how many times?"
"I lost track, darling, I'll try to remember when I'm less tired. It must have been at least 4 times in my cunt, lots of cum each time, it was running out of me."
Excited and alert to what Lizzie had hinted at, obviously wanting me to ask, I said, "4 times in your cunt? where else? your mouth?'
"Just once, as I was leaving the horel this morning and he woke up hard. Don't stop."
I went back down on my wife as she continued, "twice in my ass..."
Groaning, not stopping my tongue in Lizzie's cunt, I came again, the condom still on my cock.
I flipped my wife onto her stomach and, parting her ass cheeks with my hands, buried my tongue in her tight anus. She loves it when I rim her aggressively like this, using my fingers to widen her hole, allowing my tongue deeper, and she started pushing back hard against me, humping the floor as she breathed rapidly, her hand between her legs, her knuckles sometimes touching my chin as she fucked herself.
I immediately tasted more cum in her open asshole.
You can make lizzie cum with your tongue in her ass harder and faster than anywhere else, and so it was this time, her orgasm sending a little semen trickling from her hole for me to lick hungrily.
Almost delirious with lust, I knelt over Lizzie, straddling her and crushing her legs together between mine to keep her ass. cheeks closed and tight, heightening the sensation for me, and pushed my cock, the used, almost full condom in place, into her open asshole. I probably only managed to last 2 or 3 minutes before exploding one last time, the condom finally giving up as, when I withdrew, it was split apart, leaving that mixture of my cum and the strangers' deep in her ass along with that of her hotel date.
It had been our most amazing, longest and most exhausting day since we began these adventures and we slept where we were for hours before relocating to bed.
Later that afternoon, Lizzie said, "that was amazing, lets do it again"
"All of it?'