"Thoughts on the apartment Mr. Reese?"
"First thought Mrs. Carpenter is for you to call me Gavin."
"Alright Gavin. As a second thought you may call me Naomi. Miss no longer Mrs. What do you think of the apartment?"
Gavin Reese looks around at the layout of the rooms in view. He had already toured each individual room of this second floor of three brownstone. It was easy enough to tell extensive renovations had been done. Everything appeared new or freshly painted. Even the old style radiators appeared mint condition. Nodding his approval he generates a smile toward the thirty something brunette with big brown eyes. She returned the favor.
"Bigger than I expected from the outside. This neighborhood I half expected the rent to be double of what you're asking."
"Ordinarily yes but I am a firm believer in offering second chances to those in need. Which means I'm hardly hurting for money so I'm giving you a break. If you sign up and renew next time around I might up the rent. That at least gives you a year to get some stability going. I'm not afraid of taking risks on a face I have faith in."
"Faith huh? That means a lot Naomi. Money's tight but I'm not destitute. I saved a couple years in order to relocate here to Chicago from Iowa. Come hell or high water I'll make my dreams come true."
"Determination, I like that." She shares a perfect smile as she wisps her hair from her eyes. He returned the pearls with one of his own.
"How's the parking here? I have a Jeep and a Harley."
"Absolutely! Plenty of private parking out back. Strangely not many of my tenants own vehicles. Out of ten apartments only four renters own one. Mass transit is the next street over on Cromwell."
"Sound sensitive neighbors?" The six foot three man with sandy brown hair winced with worry.
She flares her eyes up at Gavin before blushing slightly, "I can attest that the neighbors rarely complain. I'll be blunt as long as you don't get embarrassed. "
She winks, "I can be rather...spontaneous, if you know what I mean."
"Screamer? Seeing as I don't embarrass at all." He smirks.
"Something to that effect. When good things come...my way."
"Good for you. Let the world in on your secrets. I'm only asking because I play electric guitar. Here in Chicago looking to join a metal band. I hear the scene here in the Windy City is getting more attention."
"Love it. If you need a groupie I kill at dressing the part. Fishnet and leather when I was younger. I still have the body." She watches his reaction as he checks her out. His eyes were inspiring her to shake her tits at him. After a moment to regain their sanity she adds, "Honestly I think all of my tenants would love you."
"Speaking of...what are they like?"
"Well? The second floor here you share with Isabella. She's from Columbia. Hispanic accent but easily understandable. Her English is quite good. Like you she has the potential to be...upbeat."
"Musician? Shakira type?"
"Not exactly. Shakira yes but better looking. Musician not that I'm aware of. Not a bad singer I guess. I have heard her singing along to her Ipod. No Isabella is shall we say a home body. She does all of her work from online."
"What type of work?"
"Ever hear of Chaturbate? She's a webcam slut. Makes big money doing it. Heck I've considered it." She laughs, "It pays her rent. Never ever late."
He chuckles. "Sounds interesting."
"Oh, I'm sure you and she will get along."
"Kids?"
"None in the entire building. I myself don't deal well with young children so I screen my leasee's pretty well before committing."
"Checked me out after I called about the apartment?"
"Of course. I'm still checking you out." She flirts.
"Nothing to hide." Her gaze lowers to his rounded crotch with a sigh. "Okay maybe that." He shakes his head chuckling.
"We all have our skeletons."
"Is that a boner joke?"
"It's so nice to have someone around with a mind like mine."
"Tell me about the other tenants...asshole guys trying to pick fights? I don't need jealous boyfriends every time I say hi to some girl."
"I don't think there's any worry about that right now. Who knows what the future holds. I will say this though, you might feel alone a bit. I have ten apartments in this building and you would be the only male living here. Currently that is. It seems that females apply here much more than men. Those men that have applied didn't check out concerning criminal backgrounds."
"No records in my corner. Probably should have a few priors." He laughs. "We rockers are known for stirring up trouble."
"As long as your television set isn't thrown through your window I'll be fine." She expresses with flirtatious eyes.
"I need a TV. It's one of the few things I left behind. Anyway, fill me in on the other residents."
"The remaining two on this floor are Regina and Crystal. Regina is African American, age 27, fitness instructor and catalog model. She helped me set up the buildings fitness center. Crystal is an Uber driver by day and bartender by night. She works at a nightclub uptown called Barbarians. You might like that crowd. Maybe even meet some fellow musicians."
"I'll check it out."
"Sure you wouldn't be intimidated by all these lovely ladies?"
"I'll manage." He intentionally grins with confidence. "They have any bad habits I should be aware of? Drugs? Alcoholics?"
"I'm pretty sure a few like a joint now and then. Nothing excessive that I know of. Weed I'm good with, hell even I get high to take the edge off."
"Same here. I have a bong I call Bruno because when I'm stoned I see red, so I think I'm on Mars."
"Cute. The gravity on Mars makes you lightweight doesn't it?"
"Heavier I think but either way I'm feeling good."
"I would say that some of the ladies if anything would be flirtatious, forward, and openminded. I'm thinking you might cope with that."
"I'm surviving you so the rest should be easy enough to deal with."
"There's a large flat area on the roof I've set up for sunbathing and social events. There's a table and chairs, a small fridge for drinks."
"Wet bar? Pool table in the building?"
"Not yet. I'll consider it though. Everyone must help to keep it stocked if I do. I never once considered a billiard table."
"Fair enough. Who else?"
"My apartment is on the first floor. The other three apartments belong to Julia, Heather, and Kelli. Julia is a dancer, yes a stripper. Heather works at a Doctors office if your guitar fingers need a band-aid. Kelli is a massage therapist which I actually allow her to do sessions on the roof in nicer weather."
"Third floor?"
"Samantha and Beth, they're sisters that moved out here just like you from Missouri. Corn fed and rowdy. Sam works for a Vet at a horse stable. Beth a waitress. They share an apartment. Victoria Chow is Chinese. She's..."
"Let me guess...she's a seamstress by day, runs a dojo by night?"
"Actually you're way off. Don't be so stereotypical." She giggles shaking her head.
"Runs a restaurant?"
"Vicki is a law student and a bike courier."
"So two apartments on the third floor are vacant?"
"Currently yes. One needs a bit of renovating still. It's a process."
"Maybe I can repay your generosity giving me a break on that deposit. I've got some carpenter experience. No pun intended Mrs. Carpenter." He winks.
"I bet you do well with those hands."
"No complaints." He wiggles his brow with mischief.
"That would be great having some help around here. Hiring anyone in this city requires an arm and a leg. Or, expected favors if you know what I mean."
"No I don't. What do you mean?" He chuckles.
"Such a handsome man Gavin. You know very well what I meant."
"Hey! I'm not even gonna hold back my observations Naomi. You're a looker. I can see why they might at least give it a shot."
"I am aware. I like to take care of myself. Thank you for the compliment. You're welcomed to keep those mounting up." She continues her sparkling eye contact.
"No washer and dryer?"
"Basement. Shared laundry environment. I've turned the entire basement into a social climate. Laundry, fitness center, coffeemaker, recreation with a television, even a hot tub and small sauna. Sorry no swimming pool."
"You actually built in a sauna?"
"It's relaxing. If for no one else I enjoy it."
"Oh, I'll be wearing my towel that's for sure."
She peaks an eye brow, "Dare I say I won't hold back my own observations?"
"Always speak your mind. I will. Evict me now." He smirks.
"Not until after you sign the lease. A girl might hope for a very small towel."
"Yours or mine?"
"I'll meet you half way."
"So you're wearing the dish towel and I'm wearing the wash clothe?"
"Gavin Reese you are going to be so much trouble here aren't you?"
"Haven't signed that lease yet. I'm still feeling out my options."
"Looking for perks?"
"Naah! If they present themselves I'll take them under consideration. No expectations. I've gotta ask...why no Mister Carpenter?"
"Divorced. Married right out of high school. Ten years later and three hidden girlfriends I decided enough was enough. I'm openminded unless its kept from me. He hid way too much."
"Makes you what 28?"
"30. I've been divorced two years now. This building was my settlement. He's a real estate mogul. It's for the best...I enjoy my...freedoms."
"You look younger."
"Another compliment. Keep them coming."
"Always do." He winks and pans his eyes downward toward her thigh area hidden by her knee high white skirt. She fans herself with the lease agreement she had been holding. He continues with, "You remind me of a young Kate Beckinsale."
"Really? I was just fantasizing that you resemble a cross between Chris Evans and Chris Hemsworth."
"Fantasizing?" He laughs.
"Speaking for all of my girls here it's safe to say we'll all be undressing you with our eyes. I will not even apologize for the sexual harassment."
"Neither will I. Those tits of your enhanced or natural?" He admires her mounded cleavage behind her loose silk white blouse, concealed only by a light jacket which was also white.
"Job well done I'm afraid." She fans her jacket on one side to offer an unobstructed view of their fullness. Definitely no bra, "38D's before you ask."
"Year lease?" He intentionally changed the subject avoiding too much hormonal intensity.
"One year yes. Twelve hundred a month. I could easily get fifteen. Like I said I'll give you a rent break to get you started here in Chicago."
"Deposit?"
"God I hope so." She shivers, her breasts shifting about under her blouse. Eyes flaring his direction she adds, "For you half the rent amount is sufficient."
"Deal. Can I move in this morning? What little I own is in storage and the unit is due. Rather pay you."
"Need help moving in?" I can go downstairs and change into some work clothes."
"Only if you show me the real Naomi Carpenter. These business duds are only for show. I can tell."
"Perceptive man you are Gavin Reese. I clean up nicely but I get dirty even better."
"Music to my ears Landlady. Want me to sign my lease now?"
"Right here." She hands him the document and clicks a pen she held in her jacket pocket. He uses the kitchen counter to sign his John Hancock. She gravitates to his side to observe his writing.
"Love the cologne you're wearing. What is it?" She inhales and closes her eyes absorbing the scent.
"My own concoction. I call it Balls Deep."
Shocked a bit she fans her face with both hands, "And here I thought I was the only enterprising enough to design their own fragrance."
He leans in exceptionally close to inhale her throat. She could feel his exhale giving her the chills. "I call mine Destroy My Pussy."
The two share a respected laughter. As Gavin takes a second whiff he nods. "Bottle it. Market it. Sell it on the street."
"Wouldn't that make me a hooker? Are you trying to pimp me out?"
"You would make a killing if you did."
"Selling myself?" She winces smiling.
"The perfume. Get your mind out of the gutter." He turns and heads to the apartment door stepping over the threshold, "Give me an hour to go get you a cashier's check for the rent and deposit. I'll go rent a small moving van. One trip easy. I could use your help to drive my Jeep back from my Hotel room so I can ride the Harley. After we're done with the furniture in storage."
"I can do that. I'll get changed and be waiting out front. Oh...conservative dirty or casual sexy?" She tugs the opened jacket aside revealing both breasts now with perky nipples gunning for an answer. He eyes them while rubbing his facial stubble.
"Gonna be a hot day today. Might wanna dress cool. I say simply seductive."
"A romantic at heart."
"For the moment."
"You Sir are going to be a very bad tenant aren't you?"
"And, you're going to be a very nasty furniture mover aren't you Ms. Carpenter?"
"The raunchiest." She reacts with poise, "Do you have much in storage?"
"Garage sale treasure, bachelor pad gold. Pretty much moved here with my clothes, bong, guitars, amp, and condoms. Bought a decent sofa, recliner, tables, micro, few other things."
"Bed?"
"Yours."
"Oh my." She whistles barely, again fanning herself.
"That would be my couch. You can relax now."
"Poor, poor Gavin. Go get my money while I strip out of these ridiculous bank teller clothes."
"I'll make sure to get a bunch of ones to tuck into your thong."
"Who wears underwear?" She sticks her tongue out at him.
Puckering at her admission he concludes it was time to go. Down the staircase he went. She locks up and catches him just before he opens the outer door, "Gavin? Do you have a nickname?"
"Yeah, back home they called me Gnarly."
"Why Gnarly?" She leans on a bannister with arms folded.
"I ride a Harley. My names Gavin. I get high. Guys just mashed it all together."
He laughs, "How about you?"
"None. At least nicknames that don't inform women what their men want to call me." She giggles playfully.
"How about Mrs. Brownstone? Like the Guns n Roses song?"
"I'm not a Missus anymore."
"I'll think on it. Should be pretty easy coming up with one that fits you." He ponders a moment. "Answered that right there. I'll call you Easy."
"So you think I'm easy?"
"On the eyes. The rest I'll determine later."
"Awww! Go already." She waves him on then turns with a sheepish glint in her eyes, "He knows me well."
Gavin Reese was gone. Naomi Carpenter wondered if she had time to masturbate. She was wet like never before.
Less than two hours later Gavin returned. She wasn't outside like she said but he couldn't blame her it was already 90 degrees out. Parking out front with the flashers on he darted up to the front entry. The door was locked. It dawned on him that he hadn't gotten a key yet. Looking at the buzzer he found her name and pushed the button.
"Yes?" Naomi called out.
"It's Gnarly. You ready?"
"Be right out. With your key by the way. My bad."
"Thank ya Easy. Is that key for my apartment or yours?" He grins like the Devil.
"Only yours I'm afraid. Putting my pants back on by the way."
"Back on? It took you two hours to get dressed?" Then it dawned on him, "Ohhhhh! Yep, Easy is your nickname. Live with it."
"It might grow on me. Out in three minutes."
He headed back down to the bottom of the front steps and stood there looking out at the street. Traffic was sparse which appeared peaceful. Taking a deep breath of fresh air he knew he had made the right choice. Seconds later he heard the door behind him open. Turning his jaw droops slightly.
"Yes indeed. You dirty up with the best of them." He glares at her from head to toe. Naomi was wearing ripped low waist blue jeans that exposed a lot more skin than he pictured her wearing at age 30. Not just the legs either although her knees were showing on both sides. Upper thighs were threaded neatly expressing her tanned flesh. Turning in step allowed him to see rips torn in her ass revealing her butt cheek where a pocket was once sewn. The opposite cheek merely a slash of exposure. Her red silky shirt a pull over dangling off of her left shoulder and clinging to her right barely. Drifting low in front to express massive cleavage. The lower hemline of the shirt dangling a mere inch below her tits and leaving a lot of tummy to be desired. Her abs were perfect. White pumps, bling on her ankles, a heart charm necklace, and wrist bangles finished her attire. Sunglasses up on her long brown hair.
"I can dress dirtier." She expresses playfully.
He notes a very tiny tattoo peeking up over her jeans above the left pelvic area, "Tat?"
She looks down fanning her fingers over her abdomen to peer at her own artwork, "Butterfly."
"Set it free." He glares with a hint of encouragement.
"Can't see it very well can you?" She unbuttons her pants and lowers the zipper a bit. Pulling the clothe aside allows him a better view of not just the butterfly but of a finely groomed strip of pubic hair. She wasn't concerned that he saw it in the least.
Stepping up to meet her he leans in for a closer inspection, "The markings on the wings say something."
"Can you read it?" She nibbles her lower lip at his face so close to her thighs.
He chuckles finally deciphering it, "Fuck Me."
"Maybe my nickname fits me well." She giggles.
"Only tat?"
"I like keeping things tasteful."
"Tasteful?" He leans in to lick the tattoo without warning, savoring the taste.
She bulges her eyes at his boldness, "Oh my! That made he and my heart flutter a bit."
"Let's get this job done." He turns away and leaves her holding her chest for a second before zipping up. Hopping down the steps she joins him in the cab of the truck. The air conditioning was on and it was ice cold inside. Her nipples shredded her thin silky shirt.
"Oh! Before I forget." Digging into her front pants pocket she produces his key. He enjoyed her leaning forward and exposing her breasts a bit more as they crushed together.
"Key to your heart?"
"Let's just pay your rent on time Handsome Gavin."
He nods and puts the van in drive. She smiled the entire ride. It took fifteen minutes to reach the storage unit. Parking in front of his pod he shuts the truck off and hops out to open the back door. Digging out his key ring he unlocks his storage unit raising the orange door. Within the gloom was his personal items. As she joins him he throws his arms to his side, "I give you Captain Kidd's hoard."
"Permission to come aboard Captain?" She has fun.
"You can walk my plank later. Let's get this stuff loaded."
"No Harley?"
"At the Hotel."
"Oh, right! You did sort of say that."
"Grab an end of the couch let's sit it in the lot for a minute and pack the boxes in the nose."
She does her part crouching in order to lift her end of the sofa. Just as she strains to lift they both hear a resounding rip. Her eyes flare and she turns red, "Unexpected breeze."
"Ignore it. Lift Easy."
"Slave driver."
"Bondage stuff is in that big box back there."
"Oh really?" She stands along with him and awkwardly carries the couch off to the side into the sunlight. Out of the way they kneel to sit the sofa down. Another ripping noise leads Naomi to whimper, "Dirtier the better you said."
"Yep." He ignores her plight and smirks out of her field of vision. He wanted her to feel neglected at the moment. Helpless to her own skin. With his back turned she twists to inspect her problem. The pocket area of her ass had ripped inwardly toward her butt crack. It was impossible not to see the sunken shadow. Gritting her teeth she continues onward and assists in carrying up large boxes. Each time she knelt another rip from tiny tear to drastic. Not just her ass but in her crotch now. Her scissor cuts on these old jeans were deep and still threaded. Tight as they were there was a lot going on today. Letting her go ahead of him on the extended ramp he grins at her bare ass showing off. She knew he was staring and shivered with delight.
"I know you're looking at my ass."
"Eyes in the back of your head Landlady?"
"I don't need to have eyes to know." She carefully bends to sit her box on the floor of the truck. In doing so her butt crack exposed more. Although briefly he spotted her anal cavity. It was a thing of beauty.
"My bad. Found your eye and it's not on the back of your head."
She swiftly stands and turns with her jaw lowered in awe. Pointing at him she narrows her eyes, "I can raise your rent."
"Might as well. Everything else is raising." He chuckles and heads back down for another load this time his Amp. As he passes her she took notice of his own jeans swelling out. Her body trembles at this adventure.
"I'll let you grab your guitars. I won't risk damaging one. Why three?"
"First guitar. New guitar. My Dad's old one."
"Your Dad played?" They took a breather as she awaits an answer while trying to pull her opening jeans together with not much success.
"Oh yeah! He was a big time rocker. Played in a few bands back in the day. Mostly cover bands. The Crue. Megadeth."
"Love both bands. Metallica is a personal favorite. I'd love to hear and watch you play."
"I'm sure you'll hear and see me play soon enough."
"End tables?"
"Go for it Jack the Stripper."
"I feel like a stripper. Oh my God Gavin I can't hide my ass."
"So don't. Do you see me covering my eyes?"
"No, but we just met three hours ago and you're seeing an awful lot of me."
"I'll see it all sooner or later."
"Ego?"
"Confidence."
"You presume much young man."
"Only two years younger than you Cougar."
"Cougar? So funny." She wrinkles her nose at him.
He marches around her and lifts a coffee table of wood, tiny glass panels embedded. As he loads it she waits until he enters the truck before reaching between her legs to discover the ripping over her inner thighs. It was extensive. A few more ends might expose even her pussy. In her probing she also notes just how wet she was getting over this man. Her thoughts swirl along with her hormones. Wet fingers caress her butterfly tattoo, "You and me both Flutterby."
In the truck out of sight Gavin rubs the contour of his bulging crotch. "Slow down Elvis. She's right, we've only known each other three hours." He growls lightly looking over his shoulder for safety. "Damn that bitch is fine."
Both of them played coy and continued loading. End tables and a lamp. His guitars in their cases. Microwave. Finally it came down to the sofa. Taking another breather Gavin plopped dead center on the sofa cushions. Naomi carefully sits down to his right and plants one foot on the sofa one on the ground. He hears another loud rip and tilts his head her way. She as looking at him with a bitten lower lip. Her entire pussy was in view. She trembled and maintained her pose.
"I'm thinking that one was on purpose."
"Does it matter? These pants are hopeless."
"You was on your way to a decent pair of ass less chaps. I might have let you on my Harley in them."
"Too much?" She studies his reaction at eying her pussy trickling right in front of him.
From his seated position he reaches over and rolls his thumb across her thin pubic landing strip, "Naaa! Just the right length."
"Oh my God! You're referring to my pubes? I was talking about my showing you my pussy."
"Looks nice. Awful wet there Landlady."
"How would you know?" She sticks her tongue out at him. Challenging him to react. In response he leans over once again and rolls a finger within her labia and hovers over her literally breathing hole. She whimpers ever so slightly. With zero expression on his face he plunges two fingers up inside her. She tenses up with a look of neediness. He moved his fingers in and out slowly.
"That feels so good Gnarly." She pants.
"Let's see that butterfly again."
She swiftly unbuttons her useless pants and lowers the zipper revealing the butterfly. With mere threads holding her crotch together Gavin decides to crawl over her and grip both sides of her pants and rip the remaining attachment apart. Her entire front from shirt to pussy was in the sunlight. His fingers sank deeper, adding a third as he holds the back of his sofa with his right hand for support. Naomi was shaking like a leaf.
"What did that butterfly say again?"
She looks up with dampened eyes and whispers. "Fuck me."
"Sounds like a plan." He removes drenched fingers and unbuckles his belt then lowers his pants. No underwear himself he guides a mythical beast out into the real world. Ten inches of thickness wagged before her eyes. Her jaw dropped at his girth.
'Holy shit." She huffs as he reaches under her and pulls her forward. Sitting back down he drags her on top of him and lets her guide his cock inside her. She mumbled, "Shit!" like ten times. With each inch sinking deeper. She instantly began riding his cock as his hands rolled up her back under her shirt. Uncaring that they were in a public place he lifted her shirt up over her head and cast it next to them. Her tits bouncing as she rode him hard. His hands move forward to squeeze and pinch her maddening nipples.
"Like that Landlady?"
"Fuck yes." Her hands rise to palm both sides of his face. She lowers and kisses him warmly. He accepts her and enjoys her erotic tongue swirling his. After a good five minutes she orgasms over his beast. He could feel her gusher scalding his scrotum. She parts lips but maintains contact as she huffs, "Balls deep."
"Destroy that Pussy." He rolls her over on to the couch cushion and stands up to kick his boots off then remove his jeans. T-shirt tugged over his head he shows her his chiseled chest for the very first time. Her mind reeled as he lowered back on to her and penetrated her cunt once again. As his hands grip her ankles he rams deep and pulls out to the crown before hitting home again. She screams each time his beefy crown crosses her G-spot. Her own hands reach up to touch his muscular pectorals and sparse hair. Trembling fingers reach higher as if begging to be fucked harder. Her face flushed and eyes expectant of each devilish plunge inside her.
"I call my dick Divin' Moody. Lead singer of the band Five Finger Depth Punch."
"So not right." She exhales with an instinctive laugh, "Ivan would beat your ass for mocking his name. Besides, you're not using your hand."
"Want me to fist you?" He chuckles gazing at her beautiful eyes with each downward thrust.
"Nooo! That would really destroy my pussy."
"Isn't that the goal Easy?"
"Yes, but save that thought for another day. Your cock is big enough without your entire hand."
"Regret renting to me?"
"God no."
"Just what I wanted to hear. Tell me more of what I wanna hear Easy." He hovers over her face expecting her to beg.
"I'm not lowering your rent." She laughs. "Godammit Boy. Harder."
He increased his rhythm and forced her into loud shrill whines before flooding his couch a second time. Nails digging into his chest he snarls then retreats to palm his cock and jerk off over her. She breathes heavily and enjoys watching him detonation large amounts of cum all across her belly and chest. She coos as he glares down at her without expression. Final droplets leaving his cock he falls back into his seat. Naomi quickly rises up and throws her upper body forward. Her mouth swallows his cock as her hand kneads at his balls. She forces five inches down her throat and enjoys herself immensely. His hand in her flowing brown hair found the base of her skull and held her firm. Gurgling noises she accepts her fate and remains fed for a good two minutes before he releases her in a web of pent up saliva. She took a deep breath then crawled upward to kiss him again, straddling his hips. Three minutes of kissing, his hands roaming her entire body gave her the chills. This event was too good. Sighing she pats his chest.
"I think you need a new couch."
"Bed."
"That too. One time only, I'll wave the deposit and we can get you a reasonable bed. Another used couch."
"Works for me. I'll work on those upstairs apartments to pay you back."
"Give me this a few more times we can call it even." She giggles fondling his beast. "Just kidding."
"Yours whenever you want it. Long as you don't start thinking you own it."
"Never crossed my mind. I'm not that naïve Gavin Reese. Once you meet the other tenants I'm pretty sure it will be take a number."
"That would be my call not theirs. I like women Easy. If they're hot I'm open to offers. I will say this...I love your fucking pussy and I do want it more."
"I don't mind being your late night booty call." She licks his chin playfully.
"Daylight delight?" He looks up at the blue sky above.
"We're balls of sweat aren't we?"
"Just like baby oil."
"Mmmm! We probably should get dressed. Sooner or later somebody will drive through here to get to their storage unit."
"You mean like those guys?" He points behind her. She turns her head planting her palms on his chest.
"How long have those two been watching us?"
"Since you were riding my cock."
"That long." She whistled silently.
"Yep. I think they like your ass."
She wiggles in her seat feeling his cock rub her lower abdomen. "What's not to like? I'm Kate Beckinsale remember?"
"Wanna give them another show?"
Her eyes flare just before looking down at his magnificent erection, "Why not. I have enough cash to bail us out of jail."
"Haven't cashed my rent check yet." He ushers her out of his lap and stands up. Taking her by the hand he leads her toward the men.
"What are you doing?" Her eyes bulge the closer they got to the two middle aged men. Stopping her three feet from them Gavin nods. "Nice day."
"That it is." One of the men grins. "Your lady is gorgeous."
"Not a lady. Unless you count the fact that she's my slutty landlady. I'm gonna fuck her from behind. Enjoy." He bends her slightly as she whimpers at the uncomfortable situation. The second his cock penetrates her pussy she flutters her eyelids.
"Oh my God!" She pants as his arms curl under hers and holds her arms at bay. Her tits bouncing about for the pleasure of the two men standing there watching. Her eyes finally open to watch their reaction to her moans. The men were impressed. The more they drooled the wetter she got.
"Those tits are perfect." The second man complimented her.
"Thank you." She huffed.
"How am I doing back here Easy?"
"Don't you dare stop."
"Me or them?" He winks at the men.
"You." She shakes heavily, "What do you mean them?"
"No stopping me for certain. I'm busting a nut up inside your hot ass cunt Easy. Okay by you?"
"Do it! God yes do it."
"How awesome wouldn't it be to feel mouths around those nipples when I do?"
The men look up at him with admiration, then explore her face for either a rejection or desire to let them join in. Her expression undecided by her raging hormones it takes a moment before she wheezes, "Delightful."
"Chew on those Fellas."
The men look at each other first to garner confidence then shrug. "You sure Ma'am?"
"Her name's not Ma'am. It's Easy. Ain't that right?" He leans his chin next to her face as she writhes under his thrusting hips, "Introduce yourself." He grins licking her earlobe amid matted locks of hair.
"I'm Easy."
That was all the confirmation they needed. Both men buckled enough at the knees to devour a nipple each. Naomi's eyes turned white under the attentiveness. Between Gavin's python hitting her G-spot constantly and the warm tongues swirling her areolas she was lost in the moment. Quaking like a leaf she cries out, "THANK YOU GAVIN."
Naomi squirts hard pouring down to the ground between her legs. The men nibbling and tugging her nipples between their teeth made her push her breasts toward them for more expressed hunger. They were starving. For some reason she really wished her jeans were completely off. The dangling pieces were annoying.
"Ready Easy? Here I come." With a vicious snarl Gavin Reese fires deep up inside her. A second torpedo makes her scream. Her body convulsing Gavin wraps her arms over her chest motioning the men to step back. Holding her against his chest Gavin releases a third jet of jizz into her. She yelps and snuggles back against him.
"That was pretty incredible." The first man spoke out.
The second participant adds. "Loved your nipples. Delicious."
She smiles at them as Gavin cups her breasts rolling his thumbs tenderly over those bullets of joy sending shivers all down her spine.
"Ready to load that sofa?"
"She sighs heavily, "Dumpster over there. Can you two nice gentlemen pitch it for us?"
"Least we can do." They agree and head off to move it.
Peeling his cock out of her she whimpered with each inch missing until a cool breeze attacked her vacancy. She is released finally and Gavin takes her right hand pivoting her in step like they were dancing. Facing him she slaps her palms on her chest and lowers her face with exhaustion, "I should be really pissed off at you for that Gnarly Reese." Only her eyes lift to glare at him, "That was certainly a first for me."
"You liked it."
Smiling evilly she nods, "Too much. Dinner at my place after we get you set up and your vehicles at the brownstone?"
"Naaa! Save some of that pussy for another day. Too much of that and you'll fall in love."
Her eyes roll as she stands up straight, "Not going there Gavin. It's just dinner."
As he glares at her one of the men brings her the shirt she had worn. His too. He refused to grab Gavin's jeans and boots. As she gets dressed the best she could she waits until Gavin turns his back to slap him on the ass. He chuckles, "I guess I don't have a bed yet do I?"
"Exactly. You can sleep on my couch."
"Moving your couch to my apartment then." He smirks.
"You can have my couch I'll buy another for myself instead."
"Let me guess flower print sofa?" He reaches his pants and pulls them up. Boots back on as she talks.
"God no. That would be my Grandmother."
Pulling the door down on the rental van he locks up the storage unit and waves at the returning men. They waved back with zest. Naomi even fluttered her fingers their direction.
"First time fucking outdoors?" Gavin looked at her with narrowed inquisitive yes.
"Yes. Loved it. My ex was such a prude about being seen expressing public affection of any kind."
"First time more than one guy?"
"Of course I'm not...okay I'm Easy."
"Want more of these outdoor orgasms?"
He leaves her before answering to get into the truck. Out of his sight she whispers to herself, "Fuck yes I do." Reaching him in the cab she shuts her door before responding to him, "Question is do you want to fuck me in public again?"
"I'm not shy. How about this...when you least expect it."
"Quit giving me chills." She rubs her arms.
"Air conditioning."
"Right."
The rest of the afternoon led to unloading, unpacking, returning the van and bringing his vehicles home. Dinner became pizza and beer. A few hits on the bong. They fell asleep on the couch together. Two hours later he covered her up and went back to his apartment. As he unlocked his door he heard the door across the hall open. Out peeked the Latina beauty Isabella. Her frosted curls and brown eyes looking seductive even through a locked chain. Eyes dropping Gavin noted her to be nude. Pussy shaved well in view though shadowy.
"You must be Isabella." Gavin winked at her then curled his index finger in an alluring yet masculine manner, calling her out. She shuts the door quickly and lingers a bit. Just when he unlocks his door and opens it she opens her door and waltzes right into the hall totally nude. In her hand was a wine bottle. She ignores him and marches right past him into his apartment. His brows peak at her boldness.
"I need a shower." He lets her know.
Taking a good long look at his lack of anything but a recliner she rolls her eyes turning on the ball of her foot. Heading right back out into the hall she opens her door and stops. Curling her own index finger she silently calls him over. He locks his door back up and follows her into her apartment. She had vanished just that fast. Wincing at the strangeness of the situation he suddenly hears water running.
Stepping back out of her bathroom she assists him out of his clothing. Sniffing him for stank she frowns. Gripping him by his cock she leads him into the bathroom. Door shutting behind them was a good enough interlude to give them privacy.
Gavin was the man.
Rock on.