It was marathon training season, and that meant I was out every morning as soon as my husband left for work. Our neighborhood was built along the river that divided our county from the next, and the developers were nice enough to pave some good trails for me. Sure, they weren't just for me, but for the time being they were- we had moved into the development early, and so far I hadn't seen anyone else on them in the mornings. I liked to get out before the heat picked up; let the families and dog-walkers take the trail in the evenings. For the mornings, it was all mine.
I'm 32 years old, but my husband swears I look mid-twenties at most. My age has never been a big issue for me like it is for some women, probably because I had kids early. The children are school-aged now, and their campus is close to my husband's work. He drops them off in the morning and I pick them up when the day is out. I'm a book editor, and since my work is freelance I get to set my own schedule. From March to September, my schedule is similar most days- after I get the kids ready for school and hubby drives them off, I run anywhere from a few minutes to a few hours, then home for a quick shower. Hair and makeup for the day, and the laptop comes open for work until it's time to grab the kiddos. A few hours of work before their school is out, a few hours of play once I pick them up, and a few more hours of work after they go to bed. After that it's either time for a few pages of whatever new trashy romance novel I picked up from the office or time for some less-than-spontaneous sex. Harry likes it on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Saturdays, although I'm not sure he's aware of just how predictable he is. I could use a bit more, but it's never overwhelming as it is, so I don't see the point in asking to fake it a few more nights a week. My little pink dildo gets me by just fine.
Tuesday started like every other morning, getting the kids and myself ready for the day. When I was pouring milk into their cereal, I happened to glance out the window just as a moving van was driving past. This was a regular occurrence lately as the rest of the subdivision sold out, and I decided to run the streets before turning onto the trail today, to see which formerly vacant house was now finished and occupied.
The kids finished up and I escorted them out the door with a peck for Harry before heading upstairs to throw on my running shoes. Today's ensemble was simple- some black running shorts with little white stripes, a white sports bra, and my trusty running shoes. I liked this particular outfit because it kept most of my legs out in the sun- being a runner meant some tan lines were unavoidable, but I did prefer to be able to wear skirts without looking two-toned. This particular bra also left only a criss-cross pattern of very skinny straps on my back, which I thought was sexy. I threw my hair up into the usual high pony, stretched a bit and threw on some sunscreen before heading out for my jog.
I had planned to circle through the neighborhood a few times until I found the moving truck, but all I had to do was turn left. Apparently the builders had finally sold the house next to ours. It had been complete for a few months, but it was nice having it vacant during that time. I still hadn't gotten used to the tiny lots that are popular these days; Harry and I joked often that you could high five your neighbor without leaving your house.
Both our house and the neighbor's were two stories, with all the bedrooms on the second floor. They were actually mirrored floor plans, although with different finishes and different paint so that not everyone would notice. But this meant that our master bedroom window faced straight into the neighbor's, and vice versa. The first morning without drapes was a bit surprising, to say the least. I made Harry buy drapes our second night there, although we had to wait a month for a handyman from the website to install them. (Harry was terrible at that kind of stuff. Really, at most of the traditionally manly stuff. But he did bring home the bacon, and he was a good father. It worked for us.)
As I put my headphones in and prepared to run, I was pleasantly surprised when the neighbor's door opened. I had wanted to meet the new neighbor as soon as possible, and this saved the awkward moment of standing on the porch and ringing the doorbell. He was a few inches taller than I was, and seemed to be in pretty good shape. In fact, he seemed also dressed to run, with basketball shorts and a sleeveless tee that showed off a nice firm set of biceps. His headphones hung around his neck, and he was messing with his phone, giving me a chance to check him out unobserved.
His chest was broad, his body seemed like a nice V shape, and I found myself wondering if he had those sexy lines from his abs down to that slight bulge I saw hiding in his shorts. I felt my breath quicken just a bit and my nipples strain against their fabric constraints... I hadn't realized I was this horny until now. My eyes begrudgingly left his muscular arms and chest to scan a more appropriate place, and took in his light blond hair and angular jaw. He was a classic All-American young man, and if he didn't grow up in Iowa it must have been somewhere damn close.
I skipped up his walk and removed my headphones as he glanced up and jumped a bit.
"Good morning! Sorry to startle you," I said, "but I wanted to introduce myself and sort of welcome you to the neighborhood. I'm Heather." I pointed to my house next door and then offered a handshake.
"Hi Heather! Sorry, I guess I was off in my own world. Trying to get a quick run in before it gets too hot." He shook my hand, and when I stared he must have realized that he forgot to give me his name. "Oh, shit- sorry. Blake. I'm Blake."
"Well hi Blake, it's nice to meet you. If you need anything, I'm just right over the fence there."
"Actually," he paused, "you look like you might know the right places to run around here?" He blushed slightly even though the compliment was so mild it barely counted.
"Sure, there's a great trail right behind that row of houses there," I pointed across the street from us. "I'm actually headed there now if you want to tag along."
He seemed hesitant, but did begin jogging with me with gratitude. When we got to the path he decided to split off for the short route while I took the long one, and we agreed to meet properly and have each other over for dinner soon- all the normal pleasantries. As I put my headphones back in and took off the trail I looked over my shoulder and saw him doing the same. He almost tripped as he tried to whip his head around, feeling caught I guess even though I was checking out his butt as much as he was checking out mine. I giggled and continued on down the trail, my podcast soon replacing any thoughts of Blake or his muscular chest.
After an hour my watch vibrated at me to get my ass home, so I finished the trail's loop one last time and jogged up to my driveway. Blake was nowhere to be seen. I headed upstairs and turned on the shower, peeling my sweaty clothes off and tossing them into the hamper. I relished the feeling of the air conditioning on my skin, and my nipples hardened as I walked from the bedroom to the shower. The water was warm, and I took my time with my loofah, enjoying the cascading stream. My hands roamed as I let the conditioner rinse out of my hair, squeezing my firm breast before creeping down my tight navel. The image of Blake's chest and arms snuck into my mind as my fingertips brushed through my pubic hair, which I currently had trimmed into a neat triangle. I thought about Blake removing his shirt just as I had moments ago, and my middle finger found my clit and rubbed lightly. Picturing him pulling it over his head, revealing a chiseled six-pack, my fingernail tracing from rippling muscle to rippling muscle, then down to grab inside his shorts...
I sighed and reluctantly moved my hand away, knowing that the water would run cold before I could bring myself to orgasm this way. I finished rinsing off and exited the shower, dried off, and wrapped my hair up in the towel like always. Since the kids had reached school age, and Harry wasn't home during the day, I often roamed the house naked until I actually began work in earnest. My daily chores (hair and makeup, whatever dishes we used for breakfast, a glass of orange juice every day) didn't require clothing, and although I usually picked the day's outfit soon after my shower, it often languished on the bed until ten o'clock or so. Today I picked a nice yellow sundress to match the beautiful weather, and was flipping through my underwear drawer when I caught movement out of the corner of my eye.
FUCK, I had a neighbor now! I hadn't checked the drapes, and they were open about a foot or two, looking straight into my bedroom! The movement in the house next door was of course Blake, and I quickly stepped behind the curtain to cover myself. I tried to calm my breathing, and stole a glance around the curtain to see if he was still there.
Hmm. It appeared Blake was on a similar schedule to mine. He was pacing his master bedroom, clad in a white towel... and nothing else. His hand ran through his hair as he scrolled his phone, and fuck was that chest nice. Maybe the six-pack from my imagination was a bit exaggerated, but he did have a strong chest and a flat tummy. And those arms...
I felt a warmth growing between my legs, and suddenly felt ashamed that I was leering at my neighbor like a peeping tom. I popped back behind the curtain, but my hand seemed to have a mind of its own as it crept to my nipple and pulled gently. I realized I was breathing heavily, and shook my head to clear my thoughts. I wasn't sure how much Blake could see if he looked over, but just to be safe I shut the curtains the rest of the way, and continued getting ready for the day.
When I finally threw my sundress over my head and sat down at my home desk for work, I decided to forego my usual bra and panties. The feeling of the fabric against my nipples was exciting when I moved (or gently rubbed), and the lack of panties felt comfortable and freeing. I wasn't sure why exactly I had chosen to go commando today, because it wasn't like I was showing off for anyone in particular... but I guess if I was honest with myself the possibility of Blake seeing me kept running through my mind, as improbable as it was. The only one who would see anything today was Harry, and he had stopped really looking ages ago.
I got to work, all thoughts of drapes and in-shape neighbors lost as I edited an atrocious piece of science fiction drudgery that would be lucky to make it to print. Hey, I got paid whether the author got published or not- I could fix a lot of mistakes, but a broken plot wasn't one of them. Soon enough it was time to pick the kids up from school (driving through the lot with no panties on was exciting, but there were no sexy dads there today to appreciate it) and start on dinner. I spent the whole day in nothing but a sundress and sneakers, and the closest Harry got to noticing was a brush of my ass when he pushed by me to get to the refrigerator. I even made a show of bending at the waist to pull dessert from the oven, my skirt riding up to show just a peek of my well-earned ass... nothing. Didn't even look up. Oh well; sometimes marriage is like that, I guess.
It was Tuesday night, but when 9:00 rolled around, Harry didn't turn the TV off like usual. The playoffs were on, and I guess that was better than sex. Disappointed, I headed up to the bedroom and traded out my sundress for a surprisingly similar negligee before crawling under the sheets. I hadn't cum in almost a week, and my hand crept down to my crotch as I glanced over at the drapes, still closed from earlier today. I lightly brushed my pussy lips as I wondered what Blake was up to now. Was he the type of guy to leave his woman unsatisfied and watch the game? Would he be working out now, getting those muscles nice and shiny with sweat? Maybe he just roamed the house naked, cock swinging as he paced...
My breath quickened and my eyes fluttered closed as I dipped a finger inside myself, picturing my neighbor's muscular form. I pushed my finger in and drew it out agonizingly slowly, imagining Blake teasing me with his fingers and his breath. Before I could really get going I heard the telltale sound of the lock downstairs, as Harry checked the doors before heading to bed. Damn his interruption.
A naughty idea popped into my head just in time, and I jumped out of bed and headed to the drapes. I pulled them open about two feet, and gazed across the fence to see if I could catch a glimpse of Blake, or if he would see me. It sent a shiver of excitement up my spine thinking about him noticing me in my sleepwear, although I guessed that with the light behind me he wouldn't be able to make out much.
His lights were off, so either he wasn't home or he had already turned in for the night. Not wanting to tempt fate, I turned to head back to bed before Harry arrived, but as I spun I could swear I saw a flicker of movement in the bedroom window across from mine. I made sure to give my hips just a little more sway as I walked across the room, just in case, before hopping into bed and turning out my bedside lamp. Harry came in smelling mildly of beer and laid down next to me, and within five minutes his familiar snore filled the room. I sighed, wanting my dildo to pick up where my fingers had left off earlier, but knowing I wouldn't enjoy it if I had to keep still and quiet enough to not wake Harry. I decided tomorrow would be a nice short run, followed by a different type of cardio. I drifted off to sleep to the thought of Blake, and my dreams were of running together in a pleasant forest. For some reason neither of us had remembered a shirt.
The sun woke me the next morning right on schedule, and our family fell into the well practiced morning routine. I felt a bit naughty picking out my running outfit, because my hope was that Blake would see me in it this morning. I pulled a pair of shorts from the back of the drawer that I had relegated to the "too small to ever wear in public but fun to think about" corner, and tried them on. You could literally see the curve of the bottom of my ass, but it was nothing that would be considered socially unacceptable these days. The girls on social media wore far less. I decided a tiny top and tiny bottoms would be pushing my luck (hard to claim it was accidental if Harry asked), so I pulled out a cut-off tee that showed my taut midriff but did a fair job of hiding my breasts, especially with a decent sports bra underneath.
My steps downstairs must have had a little extra bounce, because Harry gave me a funny look as I poured the kids' cereal, but he didn't say anything out loud. I ushered them all out the door at the regular time, threw on my music, and headed out to the path. I was hoping to bump into Blake at his front door in another happy accident, but for that to happen two days in a row would have been a bit more than a coincidence. I did take the same short path he had favored the day before, but only because I wanted to get home in time to really enjoy my second round of cardio for the day.
I turned at the fifteen minute mark, and was honestly surprised to see Blake jogging down the path towards me. He waved as we passed, and I thought for just a minute about pretending to trip just to feel up his chest "for balance". Too cliché, I decided, and settled for a wave and a smile back. Hopefully the slight flush on my skin could be attributed to the workout.
Blake turned about where I did, and I realized this meant he had a view of my ass the whole way home (assuming he took the trail the same length I did), and had probably been staring at it part of the way up the trail as well. At least, I hoped he had.
That thought caught me by surprise, and then stuck in my mind. Did I really hope he had been staring? It was one thing to throw on some shorts for a brief glimpse that might or might not occur, but... how much did I want this guy ogling me? How much did I want this fit, young, strong... okay, so maybe I liked the attention more than I thought. After all, Harry didn't even look anymore, and when he did it sure wasn't with the lust and the hunger that had been there years ago. Sure, we weren't teenagers, but a bit of hormonal excitement wasn't a bad thing!
I found myself hoping that Blake was following me intentionally, eyes glued to my butt with every step. Maybe I was even making his cock a little harder with every bounce. I wanted to turn my head to check, but settled instead for a quick peek as I turned the corner from the trail to our street. He was still behind me, and he was definitely looking in my direction, although I couldn't be sure if it was the carnal gaze I was hoping for or an innocent glance at the only thing moving. Either way I stopped in front of our houses and made a show of stretching away from him so that he could check out my ass without feeling caught. As he approached I straightened up and stretched my back to push my tits high and tight before removing my earbuds and smiling at him.
"I realized we didn't exchange phone numbers the other day," I said.
Blake removed his headphones with a cocky grin, and lightly teased me. "Asking for my number already?"
I playfully hit him on the bicep, but let my arm rest there as I handed him my phone. "Good neighbors should have each others' numbers. In case you get locked out or something."
"Yeah," he replied, "I could almost jump from your bedroom window to mine if that happens!"
We both laughed as he typed his information into my contacts. While his eyes were occupied, I glanced down and tried to see if all my stretching had obtained the desired effect. There seemed to be a slight bulge down there, but it was hard to tell. I tore my eyes away just as his fingers finished clicking.
"There," he looked straight into my eyes, "now you can text me whenever you'd like."
I thought briefly about inviting him in for lemonade or tea, but decided that it was too short of a leap from that to the end of my marriage, and settled instead for repeating the promise of a future home-cooked meal.
We hugged briefly, a handshake feeling too formal but a real hug too sweaty. Although I would have loved to feel his arms around me a bit more, this morning wasn't the time for that. Once inside, I raced up to my shower and turned the water to an impractically hot setting to create some steam to welcome me. I walked back into my bedroom to disrobe, noting the break in the drapes just as I had left them last night. I removed my top and my bra first, and then paced a bit as I messed with my phone. I was hardly paying attention to what was on the screen; my focus was on the gap in the curtains, and the possibility of my neighbor staring at me as he similarly disrobed.
I had a flash of inspiration, and turned my camera to selfie mode. I wasn't actually planning to take a topless picture, but I thought if I pretended just right, I might be able to see into Blake's house without being obvious. It was tough to get the angle just right, but eventually I saw his master bedroom window appear over my shoulder, although to get a real view I'd have to open the drapes fully. Just when I was getting ready to put the phone away, I saw a glimpse of movement across the way. Blake was indeed getting ready for a shower the same as I was, he had just apparently paused to make a protein shake or some other blended concoction first.
I pretended to smile at the camera as I watched him cross the room with his beverage and strip off his shirt and shorts. Clad in just white boxer briefs, the muscles in his legs and the bulge where they convened was visible even on the small phone screen over my shoulder. He started to turn towards me, and paused abruptly as his eyes found my half-naked form. I quickly tilted the angle of the phone, not wanting his eyes to catch mine lusting over his body. I let the camera stay on my breasts for just a few seconds. It wasn't likely that he could see anything on the small screen that far away, but the thought that he might made my nipples harden. I tossed the phone onto my bed and bent at the waist to untie my sneakers. It was wildly impractical, but gave him a great view of my ass (assuming he was still looking). My legs stretched deliciously, and I could feel the hem of my shorts riding up until almost half of my ass was exposed. When I finally did release the stubborn laces, I slipped out of both shoes and socks before moving my fingers to my waistband. I wiggled my thong and my shorts down together one inch at a time, dancing to an imaginary melody in my head. When my panties hit my feet, I reached up to remove my ponytail, and stretched with a little shake of my butt.
I risked a quick glance over my shoulder as I headed for the shower, and was delighted to see that Blake had not moved an inch from where I had spotted him. Well... to be more accurate, only one part of him had moved. And it seemed to be well over the five inches that Harry's similar "part" measured.
I was excited to be able to get such a quick reaction from a younger man like him, and my steps to the steaming shower had an extra bounce of accomplishment. My smile in the mirror turned into a devilish grin as I bit my lip and headed back out to the bedroom to retrieve my phone. I leaned over to grab it from the bed, and started when it vibrated as I grabbed it. There was a new text from "Blake neighbor". I took the phone into the bathroom, and opened the camera before I opened his text. My first mirror selfie attempt was no good- although my naked form looked great in the mirror, on camera the steam reduced it to a pinkish blur. I wiped the steam away with a few strategic swipes, and the next picture was downright sexy. My tits and my pussy were not visible through the steam, but everything else was. I noticed I was still biting my lip, but I kind of liked the expression it gave me. I looked hungry... and in a way I was. I opened Blake's text while the steam covered my mirror again.
"Hey you. Just wanted to thank you for showing me the trails. A few months of running back there and I might get as trim as you! ;-)" That could have been before or after the open window, but I suspected it was before. I texted back quickly, before I could lose my nerve.
"IDK, looks like you're plenty fit yourself. I might be the one struggling to keep up."
My phone vibrated immediately. "From what I saw, you're in damn good shape."
I could feel my cheeks flush. He was keeping it innocent enough, but he had to have seen plenty. The bulge in his boxer briefs said he definitely got an eyeful. I was still thinking of a flirty (but not slutty) response when the next text came in. It was a picture of him from the neck down, shirtless and still bulging. FUCK he was hot. I left it open and let my hand drift down to my waiting pussy. I was not surprised to find my lips open and warm. My finger traced my clit and a shudder ran through me as I pictured what it would be like to take that bulge in my hand, to see the aching desire in his eyes as I brought his waistband down. I slid a finger inside myself and drew in a sharp breath as I pictured my hand sliding up and down his shaft, feeling it grow heavier and fuller in my hand.
The first hint of an orgasm made my body twitch slightly, and I moved my playtime into the shower, turning it to a comfortable level of heat first. I let the water run down me, and relished the feeling of my hard nipples being teased by the light pressure. My finger plunged into my pussy deeply and then drew out slowly, brushing achingly lightly across my clit. My other hand reached up to my breast and squeezed, first a full handful and then teasing my nipple out against the water. I cupped my mound with my palm and slid two fingers inside myself this time, loving the feeling of fullness before my pussy adjusted to accept them. I pulled them out to spread my lips and removed the showerhead with my other hand. I adjusted it to the "pulse" setting and brought it between my legs. The feeling of the warm water pulsing on my clit was enchanting, and I felt my hips move of their own accord. I pictured Blake on his knees before me, replacing the showerhead, his tongue working my clit as the water flowed down his broad shoulders and muscular back. I teased each nipple with my other hand as the showerhead pulsed against my sex, and my eyes drifted over to the counter, and my phone. It lit up as I glanced at it, and a naughty idea took over and pushed away all thoughts of propriety.
I returned the showerhead to its place and quickly rinsed the morning's sweat from my body, then exited the shower. I dried off and wrapped the towel around my hair, then opened Blake's text. Actually, Blake's texts- I had missed two before the one that interrupted my shower session. All three were apologetic- he was concerned that he had overstepped by sharing that picture.
"Don't worry, Blake," I texted, "I loved it."
He texted back immediately; the poor boy must have been glued to his phone. "I just... I'm sorry. I should have asked first. You're married and all, and it would have been polite either way."
"I might be married..." I paused before finishing the text, unsure of how honest I should be. "...but my husband definitely doesn't have those abs."
"Oh, was it my abs you were looking at? ;-)"
That flirt. "Fair enough- he doesn't have that bulge either."
"This bulge?"
The next time my phone lit up it was a picture from directly in front of his cock. It looked like he had stuffed a flashlight down his underwear, except that I could make out the faint outline of the head of his dick. That thing was impressive.
I had been pacing naked through my room as I texted him, and the last picture removed any inhibitions I had left. I wanted to make that cock hard, throbbing and dripping for me. I wanted him to ache with desire. It was exciting to have a younger man sending me these things, and I wanted to see how far I could take him.
I threw my hair into a quick braid and moved a chair from the corner of the bedroom to a spot directly in front of the curtains before texting him back.
"Come to the window."
I opened the curtains fully and turned on a sexy playlist from my phone. Before I could lose my nerve, I turned and started dancing slowly and seductively with my back turned to Blake's bedroom. My hips swayed from side to side as I ran my hands down my breasts, my nipples hardening at just the slightest touch of my palms. My fingertips traced from my navel down to my thighs, then down to my ankles as I popped my ass out. I wiggled it playfully a couple times, hoping he was picturing the same spanking I was. I popped up and arched my back to look over my shoulder, and was delighted to see Blake standing, entranced, beyond his bedroom window. He was still wearing just the white boxer briefs, and his hand was now slowly moving inside them, stroking that large cock below his sexy torso.
I turned slightly more, teasing him with a hint of my breasts, before I walked to the chair and bent myself over it. With a glance back at him, I spanked my own ass and feigned a surprised look. His eyes were locked on me, unmoving. I spanked myself again, and he stroked his cock again before reaching for his waistband. He drew down his underwear slowly, and it seemed like his shaft would never end. His waistband seemed to almost be at his knees before the head of his cock appeared and then sprung free from its captivity. He was now standing fully naked, mere feet away from me, and he must have been at least eight inches long and almost as big around as my wrist. I stood up and retrieved my phone, texting him once before tossing it onto my bed.
"That is a beautiful cock," with a ridiculous number of heart-eyed emojis following the words. "Keep stroking for me."
I walked up to the window and placed my tits against the cold glass. He was only a few feet away, but unable to reach me. I hoped it was making him as wild as it was driving me. I rubbed my breasts up and down on the glass a few times, but it felt silly and I decided to retreat back to my chair. I made one stop on my way, for my pink dildo. It was a fairly realistic shape, although not terribly detailed, and it had a nice vibration setting that always got me there when I needed it. And I definitely needed it today.
I sat down on the chair with my knees together, and looked across into Blake's eyes. I could see the sparkling blue from here. I placed one hand on my knee and drew my legs apart, as if a lover were spreading them for me before diving in. My pussy was revealed to him, and Blake looked at it with a hunger I hadn't seen from my husband in many years. My fingertips played with my labia slowly and lightly, occasionally running up to tweak a nipple or caress my neck. I drew two fingers to my lips, and sucked them in suggestively while staring straight at Blake's delicious cock. He stroked faster at this, and I grinned as I drew my fingers out.
I plunged them deep into my waiting pussy, and both Blake and I shuddered at the same time. My vagina was so wet that I could hear each small thrust of my fingers, and I was sure my aroma was filling the room now. I worked my fingers back and forth as Blake stared, and timed my thrusts to match with his fist around his cock. I pictured it entering me, his hands on my shoulders and his broad chest in front of me. I imagined his thick cock stretching my tight wet hole as I took every ridge and felt every vein.
I spread my legs even wider, and grabbed the pink dildo beside me. While I fingered my own pussy, I brought the dildo up to my lips, and kissed the tip like I wanted to kiss Blake's. I swirled my tongue around it and opened my lips, then paused and looked over at him.
I had a party trick left over from college, and although I hadn't been a slut, this particular trick did give me a pretty wide selection of guys to choose from when I wanted a date.
I stared into Blake's eyes, and eased the pink dildo into my mouth and pushed past my gag reflex until the entire length was buried in my throat. Blake's eyes went wide and his cock twitched slightly, before he removed his hand.
I had almost made him cum. Here I was, married with kids, and I had this young man so worked up that he had to stop, without even touching him. The excitement flooded my pussy. I slowly drew the dildo out of my mouth, covered in saliva, and immediately slid it fully into my pussy while I kept eye contact with Blake through the glass. From "balls deep" in my mouth to the same in my pussy, and then I began sliding it in and out while my other hand teased the patch of hair on my mound.
The initial thrust was a bit abrupt, but I soon found a rhythm with the dildo and my hips, and a sense of warmth started to flood through me. I pictured Blake lowering me onto the bed, his strong arms holding me in place. My delicate hands were on his chest, and his shaft was sliding through my pussy lips with a perfect rhythm. I pictured his muscular shoulders above me, his lips on my neck, my breasts pressed against him.
In the real world I opened my eyes and saw that he had resumed stroking his large cock, in time with my thrusts. I removed the dildo and brought it to my lips again, this time with my pussy wide open and exposed to his hungry eyes. I relished the desire with which he stared, and rubbed my clit just a little as I tenderly kissed the head of the substitute for his cock. I desperately wanted to taste the precum leaking from the tip of his cock, and pretended my tongue was touching not plastic, but the warm head I could see a few feet away but out of reach. I played lightly with my clit while I imagined, and my orgasm started coming to the surface.
I watched as he stroked, and slid my dildo back inside my soft wet slit. I was literally dripping on the chair at this point, and there was little friction as I slid in and out, my pussy pulsing in an effort to trap this invader and make it give me what I wanted. I thrust faster and faster, and felt my breasts bounce as I threw my head back and sighed. Faster and faster, and my orgasm rose with my tempo. I could feel it rising up inside me, making my chest and my neck blush crimson.
My pussy began to pulse around the dildo, and I knew my orgasm would overtake me any second. I looked over at Blake, and saw that he was also panting in near-orgasmic pleasure. He was stroking fast, and his cock was swollen, the head nearly ready to burst. I nodded at him and thrust my dildo in deep one last time, holding it there and furiously rubbing my clit until I couldn't help but scream in orgasm. My body twitched uncontrollably, and waves of pleasure rolled from my thighs up my torso. I arched my back involuntarily, and glanced over to see Blake's head similarly thrown back, and his cum painting the window before him. I moaned and rocked my hips against the plastic cock, a poor substitute for the manly shaft I could see across from me. I continued rubbing my clit, and three more shivers, nearly subconscious, rippled through my body. The waves were calming from crashing breakers to a gentle lapping, and I sighed again as I began to catch my breath.
Blake looked sheepish in his bedroom, a mess waiting for him now that we were done. I grinned at him and removed the dildo, covered in my cream, the white a stark contrast to the artificial pink. I brought it to my lips, inhaled deeply, and then licked it clean with my tongue as extended as I could manage. I would wash it later, of course- this was just a show for Blake. I was delighted to see his dick, although spent, twitch back to life as I attended to this phallic substitute.
A wicked smile rose to my lips, and I rocked my hips and pulled a nipple obscenely far, until my lips turned to a gasp on their own. I saw his cock thicken as it rose slightly, and then I blew him a kiss and danced away to the bathroom, hips swaying in an exaggerated sashay. I grabbed my phone as I passed the bed, and texted him quickly before any regret could set in.
"Thank you, sexy. That was amazing."
His response was equally quick. "YOU were amazing. You're so fucking hot."
I smiled and rinsed my toy absent-mindedly, replaying the morning's events. I didn't think I was ready to take whatever this was any further yet, but it felt damn good to be desired by a younger man, and particularly one in such good shape as Blake. I would have to text him some boundaries later, but for now I settled for one last picture that I hoped he'd use later tonight. Maybe with his window open.
I leaned over the mirror and blew him a kiss through my camera, my tits looking damn near perfect in the bathroom lighting. He responded with a picture similar to the last one he sent, but this time his bulge was gloriously unburdened by underwear. His thick shaft was hard and ready for me, and I loved knowing that I had made him hard not once but twice, without any physical contact. With any luck, this would be the first of many, many mornings spent teasing the young man across the fence.