You see me sitting alone with my laptop still open catching up on work at the hotel bar. I'm not expecting to see you as you had said you'd be busy tonight. You sit watching me from the other side, I've ordered a Jack and OJ. You grin because you know what Jack means after a long day. If it was a good and productive day a super slutty (extra dirty) martini would have been ordered. You know from the Jack and OJ it's been a rough one.
You like seeing me relax a little after the first sip. A man has come over to talk to me at my high top table. I say a few things to him but he walks away realizing he's not going to get anyplace with me. I sigh letting some tension out wishing you had been able to meet me even just for a few minutes. You somehow have a way of calming me down just by being near. I start to relax more and more after that thought.
I look around thinking I can feel eyes on me. I decided to wear a light summer dress to the office today since it was 90 outside. The dress is a shorter navy blue dress that you can't wear panties with unless you want lines to be seen. So I go commando and add a blue lace bra to hold my DD's in place. I go with lace knowing that whomever hugs me might feel my nipple piercings. I added the chandelier dangles for a little extra fun.
The high top table I'm at gives you a nice view of my body from where you are sitting. I feel like someone is watching me again when I finish my first drink. The waitress comes by to check on me, so I order another. That's when I think I see who is staring at me. The man across from me has his eyes all over me. So I decide to have some fun with him. I reach down to where my bag is sitting on the floor letting my legs part and my dress ride up. This gives the older man a great view of my bare pussy. No one else seems to notice.
You just so happen to have the same view as the other man and I have no idea because you are blocked from my view. Shifting to keep your hardening cock under control, I get a glimpse of your head. Grinning I continue to play with you both. Reaching down a few more times, each time I come back up I do not fix my dress. This has the other man rubbing his cock outside of his pants.
I know it's you so I send you a shot of tequila and beer. You know then you have been caught. So you take the shot and drink the beer a little before you make your move. Right as you are about to come over the other man comes over to me. He tells me how fucking hot I am and that he wants to eat my dripping wet pussy. I was taken back a little at this guy's bold statement but don't show it.
I see you behind him grinning at me because you heard the naughty words he is saying to me. I tell him thank you for the offer but he's not going to be able to handle my insatiable sex drive. He starts to disagree when you walk over and wrap me up into a hug and proceed to capture my mouth like there is no one in the world around us. You slide your hands down to my hips and raise me from the chair. The guy was so caught off guard he's standing slack jaw at your move.
We break from the kiss when we hear the guy clear his throat. You give me another soft kiss before you turn to tell the guy that you had been putting in a lot of work on bedding me and that if he wanted to do so he had to be way bolder than his bullshit line of eating me out. I giggle a little but try to hide my grin so they guy doesn't cause more of a scene.
You are still wrapped around me when the man finally turns tail and walks out of the bar. I say he didn't pay his bill when the waitress comes back to give him his bill. That makes me mad so I pay it so she is not out because the man was a dick. She is very kind and brings us a round on the house. At this point I'm feeling relaxed and happy to see you.
We chat for a few more minutes until I tell you I'm hungry we should go get some food to help absorb some of the alcohol in my system. I want to remember all the details of this fantastic surprise night. I say I need to go to my room to drop off my laptop before we leave. I grab the check and leave a big tip for the nice young girl. She giggles and tells us to have a fun night and you reply with oh you can count on us having a fun night. I grin as I lean down again to get my bag. You look right up my dress and make no attempt to hide your pleasure.
We walk to the glass elevators. You have your hand on my low back right above my ass. I shudder at your touch and lean into you a little like you are a life line. We get in and you push me to the window so my ass is on display for all to look at. As you do this you grab my key and ask my floor. I say 11 and you hit the button. Last time I was on 11 you bent me over the desk and pleasured me until I had an amazingly loud orgasm.
You stand in front of me and I start to rub your hard cock through your pants. You start to kiss me again and I moan into your mouth. You move your hands so they are on my ass and lift my dress more. I don't stop you because I know how much it turns you on to show off my body. At this point I'm so wet I feel it starting to run down my legs. You put a hand between my legs and slide it up until you feel how wet I am. At this point the elevator has reached the 11th floor.
We walk down the hall with your hand on my back again as I'm trying to control myself because I have our room again. You see where I'm taking you and move your hand down to cup my ass and give it a little pat. I squeal with excitement at the thoughts of what could happen. As soon as we are in the room you push me up against the wall and start to lift my dress up so you can get a clear view of my naked dripping pussy.
You groan at the sight of how excited I am to see you. Lifting your left hand up the inside of my legs and going right for my clit with your thumb. I moan at this move and start to shake. You laugh at how fast I'm about to cum and whisper the question of did I do this or was it playing with that dick down at the bar. I moan you did it. Good is all you say back as you slide 3 fingers right into my pussy because I'm just that wet for you.
You say always so wet for me aren't you, I respond with yes yes yes oh fuck fuck yes right there. I cum right as you squeeze my nipple with your right hand. It's so intense I feel my legs start to give way. You take your left hand and put it on my ass then move your right hand down to my other cheek. Lifting my like I weigh nothing and carry me to the desk. I lean back to the desk so I stay upright.
You remove my dress totally by lifting it over my head. We have all the lights on and it's rather dark outside. This lets anyone who is driving by see right into the room because the blinds are open. You look out to see the train is coming so there is a line of cars with a great view into the room. You tell me to go stand in front of the windows with my back to you so all the world can see my amazing tits.
I do as told and place my hands on the window frame to brace myself for what I think will come next. You come up behind me and run your hand over my ass then suddenly it's gone. I groan and you laugh calling me a greedy woman. You ask what I want and I look over my shoulder at you and tell you your cock in my ass. This has you groaning now because you have been dying to be balls deep in me because it has been way to long.
Next thing I know is your hand is flying through the air and slamming down on my bare ass. I squeal with excitement at this move. You have now left a very large hand print so you rub it to keep the sting away. Then do it to the other cheek. I moan fuck and you lean over to my ear and ask what I said. I say fuck me, sir. This earns me a tug on my nipple charm and I try not to moan but fail so you tug the other one.
At this point I hear a truck horn and look down to see a man standing on his door jamb for a better view. You see this and start to pinch my clit and I start to shake again but you stop right away. You suddenly stick 2 fingers into my pussy to get them wet. I toss my head back and moan fuck me again. You bring the fingers to my mouth and I suck on them. At this point there is a few more people looking up.
You suddenly drop down in front of me and lift my right leg over your shoulder and plant your mouth on my dripping pussy. I'm so turned on I start grinding your face as you grab my ass to keep me from falling. You move away for a second and I groan, you laugh and tell me to open my eyes and look at the crowd watching us. I do so and see a couple going to town grinding against each other behind a car. It's so fucking hot because they are inspired by us.
I cum right then when I see that. You don't stop and put your fingers in my pussy again to get them wet. When you feel they are wet enough you move them to my ass. I am now aware of what you are doing as I come down and ask if I can bend over the desk. You tell me not yet right as you stick a finger into my ass. I then cum again
If my count is right that makes 3 times in a very short period of time. I tell you I can't take another yet and say it's your turn. You stand and remove your shirt and pants. You aren't as bold at showing your body as I am but I turn you to the window and get on my knees in front of your gorgeous cock. I start giving you one of the best blow jobs yet. I start by licking the tip and move my tongue all over your hard cock as I'm holding your balls in my right hand and wrap my left hand around the base.
You put your hand behind my head to guide me down deeper and shudder then massage your balls a little. I take you as far as I can and you start to moan that you aren't going to last long if I keep that up. I do it again and you don't hold anything back and cum right down my throat. I'm so fucking turned on that I don't let up until you move me off of you. You look down and see the crowd clapping. You pick me up and move me to the bedroom after a small wave like you are a God to this crowd.
You lay me down and we relax for a few minutes trying to catch our breath, we aren't 20 anymore so we need a few minutes. We order room service and you dare me to open the door with my robe open so the waiter gets a great view. I laugh and then boldly do as dared. The waiter had just started his shift and was more than happy to take this delivery as he had watched from below and was late for work. He told us how hot it was to see and the being late wasn't an issue. I tip him a little extra on the bill and then open my robe fully so he has a close up view. He says as he leaves that you are a lucky son of a bitch and that he will be hard all night until he can get home to his girl. As he leaves he pulls out his phone to text his girl. I stop him and say want to take a picture of my tits so she believes him and he is all for that.
I know full well that he will be sharing that picture and will get off a few times at what we have done. Suddenly I'm ready for another round. You need some food so while you sit and eat your burger I start to finger my pussy with you having a front row seat. You start to tell me what you want to see me do. And I follow every direction, including prepping my ass for your hard cock.
You finish your burger and tell me to flip over onto my hands and knees. I do as told so ready to cum again but you had me hold until you make me cum. I'm getting frustrated by this so you smack my ass to punish my demand to let me cum. I was begging at this point so you start to finger my pussy switching hands as you do so. One hand has 2 fingers in my pussy then they are removed and the other hand has 2 fingers. I'm moaning so loud that when you move your left hand fingers and slide into my ass I scream and start to shake again. You know I can take more but I want your cock in my ass when I cum next.
You keep up with using your fingers to get my ass all lubed up and the next thing I know you slam your cock into my ass. I scream your name at this point and start to cum. You hold still so I can recover. As soon as I do you start to fuck my ass so hard and move your hand to pinch my clit again.
I'm moaning at how good your cock feels filling my ass when your other hand goes to my pussy and fills me with 2 fingers while still playing with my clit. I'm so close again that I think I will pass out if I cum again. You whisper in my ear that you are about to cum so fucking hard in my ass and with that I'm sent over the edge which causes you to go over with me. You fill my ass with your cum and it starts to run out of me when you pull out.
You had run the tub as hot as possible while we waited for room service. You carry me into the bath room and place me down to check the water and it's perfect. You get in and have me sit between your legs so we can relax together. I rest my head back on your chest and fall asleep in your arms as you clean us up. I'm woken up by you running your towel covered hand over my very sensitive pussy. I moan again just because you are close and touching my pussy. You tell me it's time for me to eat and then we need to get some rest. I whimper ok.
You help me out of the tub and dry us off. I can barely move I'm so relaxed. I say I'm skipping food and going right to bed. You say I don't think so and make me have my food. You tell me I will need my energy because you plan on fucking my sweet pussy before we go to sleep. I was about to tell you that had already happened when I realized we fucked everywhere but my pussy. I moan and hurry to finish my food.
You tell me to go lean over the back of the chair because you want to take me from behind and bent over. I say yes sir and get into the position you want. You come over and slam right into me with no warning and I yelp. You steady for a second so I can handle the invasion of your amazing cock. When I'm ready you start moving in and out of my dripping pussy telling me how much you love my pussy and that it is pure heaven. I'm trying to keep from cuming but I scream I'm going to cum again after about 10 minutes of you pounding me. As I say this you grunt and tell me to cum with you. A few more strokes in and out and we cum at the same time. Spent you lean over and kiss my shoulder.
I say we should really shower and get cleaned up before getting in bed. We wash each other taking extra care of our sensitive spots. We are both so spent that we say it's time for bed. I slide in and you get in behind me to spoon with me. As the night goes on I get woken up to your hard cock between my ass cheeks trying to enter my pussy. It's like a homing beacon for your cock. I shift and let you slide in with no protest. We fuck and fall back asleep with you still in my pussy.
When morning light finally comes in I find I'm alone in the bed. I stretch out and see you are sitting at the desk with my laptop. Seems you are being the great IT support I know. You tell me we have to get ready for work and I groan asking if we can take a sick day. You tell me that would be good if we didn't have an all-day meeting together with 10 other people. We have presentations to do. I say fine and start to get ready.
You join me for a shower again and we fuck against the wall after you use the shower head on my clit to make me cum. You know how much I love shower heads.
When we get to work we go in separately but get noticed. Asked if we came together, grinning I say why yes we did. You jump in to cover for us telling her that you picked me up on your way in so I could get coffee at my favorite place because Uber never stops. That seems like a good answer until the person lowers their voice and asks if I'm on the 11th floor of the hotel. I freeze and ask why, they say they heard a lot of moaning from a room and a lot of oh fuck me harder with our names.
Oops.