As the days passed by, both Fred and Ginger could not stop their minds wondering to their last encounter, not wanting it to stop, but again their lives forcing them apart, but both still both recalling it like it was a dream. Adding extra bits in their minds as they used it as stimulation when alone.
Did it actually happen; did they both clean up and then sit sipping a coffee as if nothing had happened at all?
But they both knew it had, the excitement they had experienced secretly making them desire more. Those feelings would not leave there minds, so again they teased and tormented until there next meeting was arranged.
This time, they were to meet and drive into the countryside, Fred already aware where they were heading and was pleased to see that Ginger had dressed similar to their last encounter as she stepped from her car and got into his.
Her legs outstretched from the seat and the bare flesh enticing him already, causing Fred's eyes to stray from the road as they drove. He finally placed his hand on her thigh and gently caressed her leg as they drove, teasing again on the soft flesh of her inner thigh, sliding up and down to torment her, easing slowly towards her crotch.
The jokes about picnic benches recalled in his mind, but just how much of a feast had he planned for Ginger today? He was so hungry for her, but wondered if she would she want to eat herself, or just be happy for Fred to feast on her, something he so wanted to do, and planned too.
He wanted to push her boundaries with the thoughts of her submissive and exhibitionist side still very fresh in his mind. He had never thought of her this way, far too shy and quiet, but as he remembered that famous saying, "It's the quiet ones you have to watch", he smiled to himself and wondered.
As they pulled onto the car park, Ginger could see that this was a little more public than there previous meetings, cars were parked, people were around. Fred picked a bag off the back seat, opened the door for Ginger, watching as her legs stretched out knowingly parting and teasing her lover with no thought for the others around seeing her.
His arm went around her waist and slid down to rest on her bottom, leading her across the grass, their eyes meeting, faces grinning as his hand squeezing her cheek, gauging her reaction purposely knowing that anyone looking to clearly see. There was no reaction, just her smile.
As they walked, his hand was slowly lifting the skirt as he caressed her, finally feeling the bare flesh beneath his fingertips, her face colouring but again no resistance being shown, now with her full knowledge that others may actually be benefiting from there play, getting excited about her little cheeky flashes causing which was know causing her to moisten as they walked.
They arrived at the clearing, Ginger smiled and laughed out as she noticed the picnic bench, turning to Fred and calling him a naughty man. He smirked at her and denied knowing what she was talking about, instead pulling from the bag a picnic blanket, placing it down and laying back on the ground on top of it, patting to the side of him for Ginger to join him.
She towered over him as he lay back and watched her pacing around, he sensed she was a little nervous at the public location, taking in the surroundings as her feet passed his head, tormenting him as she stepped right over and exposed herself to her lover.
He had never seen the beautiful place between her legs, only touched and caressed it, but there it was, exposed for his viewing for a moment. She knew, she wanted to tease and torment him, to cause his bulge to grow before her eyes, just feet above him, so tempting and he just wanted to pull her down and be smothered by her body as she sat down on his face right then.
But she didn't, instead stepping away, sitting down like a lady before lying down beside him, but then again leaning over and kissing the man she always longed too. His leg went between her thighs, forcing her legs to split and was now pressing hard against her, her legs locking on his and grinding down on his leg as the kiss began to get more passionate.
She rolled and climbed on top of him, kneeling over his groin and pressed down to confirm for herself his excitement. She asked what else was in the bag, and was told there were just a couple of things that might be needed.
"What?" She said.
Fred chuckled and replied that obviously they would need some refreshments so he had bought drinks. She laughed, leaning forward again to kiss him, now on her hands and knees, her bottom in the air and her back arching over his body. As they parted, Fred held her face towards him lovingly, looking in her eyes, he asked,
"Would it shock you if I said there was a man behind you in the bushes staring right at your bottom?"
Gingers eyes went wide, she wanted to turn, to see for herself, but his hands held her still as she asked,
"Is there?"
Fred told her not to turn, but she had no intention of doing so, but she rolled off, lay back and asked again and got no response from Fred, other than to be told to relax and enjoy the countryside and the sights. He reminded her that people came out for the scenery, to see natural beauty around; he wasn't referring to the trees of course.
He rolled side on to her, his hand falling on her leg, easing up between then and feeling her part them to allow him access. Her mind was swimming with thoughts that others eyes may be upon her, seeing her legs opening, her lover's hand caressing her flesh, easing closer to the wetness that was already forming between her thighs. She didn't care, she was safe in Fred's hands and she knew and trusted she was safe with him.
As Fred's hand reached between her legs he could feel her excitement, the warmth radiated from her as she felt him sliding his fingers between her lips once more to tease the soft flesh, teasing her clitoris from beneath its hood he asked,
"Be honest, is it me making you wet, the touch of my hands or knowing that you may be exposing yourself to a complete stranger?"
Her face answered his question as she blushed, covering her eyes with her arm, she listened to his words,
"Open them wider, lift your knees and spread your legs!"
She spread a little wider, lifting her knees, shocked with herself she was spreading as instructed and allowing him to push the first of his fingers inside of her, so wet and warm, easily entering her knowing he could be right, there might be eyes from every direction upon her right now.
Were they watching and seeing her spread her thighs of her own accord, allowing her lover to penetrate her, Fred now lubricating his second finger with her juices before easing it inside with the other. She gasped as he pressed harder, right to his knuckles and then easing back so just the tips remained inside making small movements to tease her.
Her hips bucked forward for more, but Fred wanted the answer so asked again,
"Is it exciting you thinking that men could be watching you spread your legs and get fingered fucked?"
She moved her arm revealing her eyes, nodding as her breathing and thrusting forward was already answering his question, but he wanted to hear it, to know it's what she wanted, and asked again,
"Is it making you this wet thinking you can be seen, do you want me to push my fingers in and finger fuck so they can see and hear you moaning?"
Half of her wanted to say no, the shy girl she portrayed did, but as he touched her clitoris again, her lips parted, the words came out and Fred heard the words he wanted.
"Yes, I want them to see you finger me and see my pussy!"
He knew that was so hard for her to admit, although the exposure was in many of her fantasies, she had never done this, never said or confessed it would exciting her to anyone, but evident from her wetness that it was as his fingers pressed again inside her and eased back and forth to the wet sounds filling the air.
Her legs just naturally spread even further, was she trying to allow him access or making sure if the other possible eyes saw her submission? Did she want them to see her pussy being invaded by Fred's fingers, did she want them to see her juices flowing and covering his hand.
Fred leaned forward, kissed her neck softly, then kissed up to her cheeks and her lips, his fingers working inside her, his hand making her hips push up, want more inside, wanting them to push a little harder and rougher inside her.
He smiled finding she was now fucking against his hand, his movement had slowed allowing her to do this until her muscles contacted hard around his fingers.
She buried her head into his shoulder and moaned out, gasping as she bucked to finalise her orgasm against his hand, slowly loosing her grip on his fingers and reclining on the rug panting and gasping for air.
She looked up at him and mouthed,
"You fucker!"
After slowly regaining her breath, she raised onto her elbows, leaning up and into a sitting position, gazing around and looking for the eyes that could of been looking between her legs. No one was visible, had Fred just made it up to excite her, or had they thought it was all over and left?
Fred sat up unzipping the bag, handing her some bottled water, and watched as she sat with her legs still ajar but her feet together, sole to sole and he longed to climb between those legs and taste what he had been touching. He lay back, closed his eyes and imagined her legs wrapped around his back, jumping as she leaned over and kissed him again and whispered,
"Oh my god, I just saw someone behind the trees!"
Her hand slid up under his t shirt as she giggled, kissing him and again allowing her hand to wonder down to his trousers, this time frantically undoing them, to feel him for the second time in her hand, but pulling him out and into her vision, her first sight of his erection although she had played with it before.
Her grin was wide and mischievous on her face, a little glint was in her eyes, her lips left his and she lay down resting her head on his stomach. Her gaze at his tip, knowing she was being watched, but gently beginning to stroke his erection, rolling his skin back and forth over the head and joking about his leaking his pre cum.
Her thumb traced over his slit feeling it then cheekily she asked, "Is the thought of other men seeing me do this exciting you too?"
He didn't hesitate and responded it was. Suggested that as she had told him many times before about her abilities, perhaps she should now demonstrate them to him, he wanted to see her skills she had bragged of engulfing a cock, see her head easing down every inch of him until it was pressing into her throat, were her claims to be able to take it all as good as her word?
He would soon find out. She turned and grinned, turned back eased her face closer, her breath could be felt on the tip, her head lowered, her tongue extended to tease the tip and her lips finally engulfed the head of him as he had so many times dreamed of them doing.
She eased herself around, again kneeling with her bottom in the air, her back arched knowing anyone passing behind would see everything that her skirt failed to hide, but the passion of the moment either made her forget, or again, she wanted to be exposed and seen.
Her lips slid down, her head turning to look at the pleasure in his face, she smirked with his cock half way in her mouth, slowly sinking down to prove her point, but rising again to tease him, her hand moved up to cup his balls, to feel them in her hand.
She gently caressed them, her head raising and falling on his drooling cock that was coating the insides of her mouth with pre cum. She lifted off, teased the tip with her outstretched tongue before ramming back down, Fred's hand moving through her hair, pushing on the back of her head, gently holding it there and bucking before releasing her for an intake of air.
He eased his body around, allowing his hand to reach between her thighs and his fingers to penetrate her again, soaking wet now as his fingers pressed in and his thumb teased her clit causing her head movement to increase, he asked,
"Is there anyone looking at you Ginger, can anyone see you sucking my cock?"
Her head fell again and her hips pressed down on the fingers within her. She didn't care now, she was excited from the moment, raising her leg sidewards, she eased her body over his face, lowering slowly down to cover his mouth with her wet pussy.
His vision now blocked by her skirt as she began grinding against him until his tongue extended inside her, pushing in and tasting her for the first time, so wet, a beautiful aroma filled his nose, this was the scent her longed for, the taste as his tongue extended as his hands pulled her down onto him to allow him to get his tongue as deep inside as was possible.
The wetness flowed from her, he lapped away, excited, his hands holding her down onto him, wanting more and more, but his own excitement was causing him to buck inside her willing mouth. His tongue teased her clit, sliding along her lips and travelled over her bottom, she jumped, it passed back over and dipped deep inside her again causing her to moan out as best she could with a mouthful of cock.
The tongue was fucking into her pussy, wiggling deep inside, his finger had found her bud, rubbing and teasing until she was bucking on his tongue. She slowed her sucking, concentrating on the sensations his tongue created, forcing hard back down on his tongue then engulfing his cock with her warm mouth as her body shook, her low moans gagged by his erection as she covered his face with her wetness.
Every inch of his cock was buried in her mouth, she came hard, covering his lips and tongue, banging against his nose hard, her excitement to much and she furiously bobbed her head up and down and caused him to inform her he was about to cum himself.
What would she do, he didn't know if she was going to release him or continue. She continued, to late now as the first jet filled her mouth, but she released, her hand taking over as it covered her face, staring at it as it sprayed, hitting under her chin and face as he pumped out the last drops.
His hips calmed and his bottom finally returned to the floor. She turned grinning, her body turning but remaining in the kneeling position as her lips met his, there tastes combined in their mouths and excited them even more.
Finally she moved and sat over him, her face radiant. Literally like the cat that got the cream. Fred nodded to the bushes to the side of the clearing, her head turned and finally she realised that the eyes Fred had mentioned and the figure she had seen were for real.
The man stood there, still masturbating behind a tree, the visions of her body and the sex making him pleasure himself. They both reached for the water, reviving themselves before continuing to kiss once more.
What Ginger did not know was that Fred had raised his hand to stop him approaching, Fred knew this would be to much right now, and the man had respected that. She looked back to confirm he was there again, her eyes were wide, she knew her fantasy of exhibiting herself had just become reality.
Fred joked she should go and give him a hand, but Ginger playfully slapped him, laughing and said,
"I think he's had enough of a treat for one day!"
It's what the shy side of her would say, but the feelings welling inside had other ideas, her hand reached back to find Fred's cock semi erect again, coaxing and stroking it back to life, her pussy now inches from it as she raised and moved to be sitting just below his balls.
She kept looking towards the tree's, she was easing forward, her slit travelling along his growing erection, tempting Fred to buck against her, then sliding back down before returning so her wet slit was pressing against him. He pointed to the bag causing her to look puzzled as she pulled it forward.
He placed his hand inside the side pocket and produced the little packet, ripping the top from it, reaching down, rolling the rubber down his shaft as she watched with a grin, she could now push back, slide down on his cock, her dress covering the view for the spectator but the movement of her body telling him exactly what she was doing.
She could not resist but to keep glancing over to see if he was looking, her hips grinding down, her juices flowing down over Fred's cock and balls as she raised further and fell down straight onto him, knowing not only what she was doing to Fred, but also another.
Not able to hold back now she had him inside, her hips instantly gyrated on his cock, all the time looking back to her spectator, back to Fred's face, his eyes filled with passion, wanting to explode within her, his eyes focused on the passion showing in her face, her fuck face was showing as she moved up and down on him.
He sensed her victory getting what she wanted, her giggles showing she knew she was causing two men pleasure now as she increased her pace, reaching down to tease her own clitoris, Fred bucking up as the speed increased until he finally pushed hard for the last time, his breathing increased to gasps as he released, his face revealing his pleasure as hers did on top of him, a little grin of achievement and devilment now showing from both.
She began to slowly ease her pace, grinning as she was draining everything from him with her muscles before he reached down, held the rubber in place and slid out. Her body slumped down on top of him and embraced the man she had pleasured, who had given her the feelings and pleasures she dreamed of, both shuddering and gasping as they realised what they had so long dreamed of had finally come true, they had far from overstepped the boundaries now.
They had their moment, the picnic bench in the background was unused, well, for this encounter at least, but this may be a regular location for such adventures, but how from this moment forward would Fred keep this lady excited and satisfied? Only the next meeting would tell.