(F30) My husband missed our date night for work and I ended up at a bar having sex with a complete stranger and his friend instead...
I flew back into town from my latest work trip to Florida and made it in time to meet my husband for dinner. I sat at the table waiting for him to arrive. As it tended to do a lot these days, my mind wandered back to my secret sexual adventures the last few weeks. I had been naked in public a lot more than I ever thought I would.
My phone rang. It was my husband. He was stuck at work with an emergency. He kept apologizing profusely but I told him it was okay. What else could I do? I was sad though...I hadn't seen him in a week and I went through the hassle of getting ready in the airport bathroom to look cute tonight. I looked down at my new shimmery silver dress and sighed. It wasn't going to get its big debut tonight...unless.
Last time I was home I went to a night club and ended up dancing with a black man named Alton on the dance floor. Dance is word I use loosely...he got very...familiar on the dance floor. He gave me his number for if I was ever back in town. I don't know why I saved his number, but I did. I sent him a text. He responded immediately that he was back at that bar.
I texted my husband that I was going to go meet work friends and quickly paid for my glass of wine before leaving.
I arrived at the bar ten minutes later. It was packed. DJ Night.
Alton told me to meet him at the front area.
He was easy to find because he was so tall. Around him were two other black men, having drinks and laughing. His eyes found mine and lit up. He welcomed me into their circle, spun me around and introduced me to his friends.
"I can't believe you actually came." He said loudly.
Then without warning his hand slapped my ass so hard I yelped. His friends laughed.
"Do you want a drink?" Alton asked.
"No, let's go dance!" I yelled over the music.
He threw a smirk to his buddies and lead me out to the dance floor. He pushed his way through the crowd until we were deep in the sweaty, grinding bodies. Then he wrapped his hands around my hips, pulling me close to him. We locked eyes, he leaned in...and put his mouth on mine. His tongue slipped between my lips and I met him.
We made out on the dance floor as people crashed into us. I felt a hand on my ass that slowly wrapped under my butt cheeks. Down between my thighs from behind. That's when I realized both of Alton's hands were on my hips still. I broke off the kiss and turned around. Alton's friend was behind me smiling. His hand continued up my dress and his fingers rubbed my pussy through my thong. It was electric.
"What's the matter?" Alton asked. I looked back at him and he smiled widely. His friend's fingers pushed my thong aside and one finger slipped inside me. An embarrassingly loud moan left my lips.
Alton leaned in close to my ear. "The only reason you're actually here and reached out to me again is because you want this...so let's just enjoy our night."
I could stop this right now. I could just say no and leave still.
Instead, I looked at him...and nodded.
He leaned in and kissed me again. His friend slipped a second finger inside me. I bent at the waist to give him more access and he started to finger fuck me on the dance floor. I didn't even care who saw. My mind went fuzzy and blank. Then the finger pulled out and they were at my mouth. This was new for me. His fingers smelled like my vagina.
I opened my mouth and he shoved his fingers in. I was tasting myself. When they were wet he pulled out and I could feel him back by my ass again. Now Alton reached down and he slipped a finger in my pussy, pulling me towards him as his friend's now lubricated finger pushed against my asshole.
"Let it happen." Alton whispered.
The song #BrooklynBloodPop from Syko started playing at two men fingered both my holes on the dance floor.
The next thing I remember was walking out of the bar with Alton. We went to his car at the far end of the lot. He held my hand as we walked. It was a very low riding car.
Climbing into the passenger seat, he got into the driver seat. I didn't even pause. My shaking hands were undoing his belt.
"Get on your knees on the seat." He ordered.
I did it. Finally I got his belt undone and he pulled down his pants.
I audibly gasped. He was enormous. Easily the biggest I had ever seen. His hand reached around the back of my head and pushed my face towards his lap. I didn't resist and my mouth stretched wider and wider until it almost hurt. His cock was in my mouth. I sucked as best I could when there was a tap on the window behind me.
I panicked and flew back in the seat, as if I had anywhere to go.
'Hey, it's okay." Alton said. I realized the guy outside the car was his friend. I laughed and took a deep breath. "I'm not going to make you fuck me yet, you have to work up to that. You are way too fucking tiny for me. But my buddy on the other hand..."
I looked at his friend.
"Take off your dress." Alton ordered.
"Here...?" I started to say. His eyes never left mine.
"Get out of the car and strip." He said.
I quickly got out, his friend moving out of the way. I pulled the dress off, letting it drop around my feet. I didn't have a bra on and the air was incredibly cold.
Alton's friend threw my dress in the car as Alton rolled the window down. His friend roughly pushed me into the car, bending me through the window so my tits hung down. Alton slapped my breast. Hard.
"Nice udders. Can you moo for us?" He asked.
I was absolutely not going to do th-
SLAP!
His friend spanked my ass hard. And again.
"Moo." I said.
"Like the cow you are, bitch". Alton said.
I tried to look around the lot but we were so far in the back I couldn't see anyone.
SLAP!
"MOOOOO" I almost moaned. His friend pulled my thong hard, stretching the fabric and exposing me to him. I couldn't see how big he was, but I certainly felt him.
It was a good size, easily double that of my 4 inch husband. Alton came over and crouched in front of me, his cock in my face. I took him back in my mouth as his friend cursed.
"Bruh, she's so fucking tight, this is insane. Girl, you not been fucking anyone?" I couldn't respond due to the penis in my mouth, but he didn't want a response as he started fucking me.
I felt full and very quickly, I felt an orgasm building. A thumb pressed into my asshole, slowly entering me as he fucked me harder.
The car window was uncomfortable on my stomach, I couldn't really breath and I felt stretched.
But the orgasm hit. It was like a tsunami rolled over me. My body started shaking violently and the cock fell out of me as I squirted all over the ground. Alton took his cock out of my mouth.
"FUCK dude!". The friend exclaimed with laughter. I hung onto the car limply.
"Just jerk off now if you want to finish." I heard Alton say.
Alton lifted my face and kissed me on the mouth. We kissed for a long moment until I felt drops of liquid splash onto my ass. His friend finished on me.
"Thanks lady." His friend said. I heard him pull up his pants and walk away.
Alton helped me back into the car like a gentleman and we sat and talked for awhile. I sat there still naked in my ruined thong and his cock was still out. I kept glancing at it...
I told him about what was missing from my sex life with my husband, the things I liked and what I was looking for. He listened and at the end he said, "I think I understand you. I'll be here so whenever you're back home, we can do this kind of stuff all the time. I have a good read on people, I knew that first night you needed this. Just don't focus on the guilt."
"How am I supposed to not focus on the guilt?" I asked.
"Stay horny. Now get out of the car." He ordered.
I climbed out. He handed me my purse. Then grabbed my dress from the back. He went to hand me the dress...then peeled out in the car. Leaving me naked. In the parking lot. Holding only my small purse. Very aware of the dried cum on my back and ass, I sprinted to my car without anyone seeing me. I drove home, quickly raced around the back of my house where the doorbell camera wouldn't see me, raced inside and jumped in the shower.
I couldn't resist...I masturbated again in the shower.
What was I doing?