"Are you playing video games or something on that?" Julie asked as she entered the kitchen where Ryan had his computer set up with headphones on. He paused his video game and minimized the window.
"No, I'm doing some research for a project."
He looked up at Julie. She was wearing skin tight, dark jeans perfectly enveloping her long legs. Her perfect figure boasted a flat stomach and large breasts, concealed by a tight black sweater. Blonde hair draped from either side of her head. Her big, round, blue eyes stared directly down at Ryan.
"For school?" she asked, genuinely curious.
"Yeah. I'm writing a paper on molecular biology. Gel electrophoresis."
Julie rolled her eyes. "Wow. Sounds thrilling," she joked. She turned to get some snacks from the cupboard. As she reached up, her sweater raised, revealing her tight abs. Ryan got a great glimpse from his vantage point. Julie was his sister Nicole's best friend for as long as he could remember. She was like a sister to Ryan, but the two always shared a bit of a flirtatious, goofy relationship. She and Nicole were both twenty three, two years older than Ryan, but they got along well enough.
"What are you guys doing down there anyways? I can hear you cracking up laughing like every two seconds," Ryan said as he closed out the gaming window he had open.
Julie leaned in the doorway connecting the living room to the kitchen, sipping a lemonade. She shrugged, "Nothing really. Looking at stupid stuff on Instagram."
Ryan nodded, pretending to get back to what he was doing on the computer.
"Come hang out. Take a break from your paper."
Ryan watched Julie as she walked away and headed for the basement. Her bubbly ass swayed flawlessly as she moved about. It was nearly impossible not to stare and even harder not to imagine what it'd be like to see her naked. Once she was out of sight, Ryan closed his eyes and squeezed his cock over his jeans. Julie always got him worked up with just about every interaction.
He shut his laptop and scurried towards the door to take Julie up on her offer. Downstairs, he found Nicole sprawled out on one side of the L-shaped couch and Julie on the other. They both were playing on their phones. Ryan took a spot leaning against the pool table. "What are you guys up to?" he asked.
Nicole didn't look up to acknowledge her little brother. The two shared a fairly amicable relationship with little to no bickering or arguing that normally came with sibling dynamics. Once Ryan turned twenty-one, he even went out and partied with Nicole and her friends a few times. Their relationship became stronger as they got older and began having the same interests.
Ryan didn't have many friends so he often tagged along with Nicole. He looked up to her and was always jealous of the active social life she commanded.
"Nothing. Bored," Nicole said, not bothering to look up from her phone. She was still wearing pajama pants even though it was two in the afternoon. The tight pants clung to her sexy legs. Her cute little feet poked out the bottom with red nail polish on her toes. Nicole's long, brown, full hair was tied in a bun. She wasn't wearing any makeup, but didn't need to as her natural beauty was stunning in its own right.
"We're laughing at Nicole's boyfriends," Julie teased. Nicole shot her a look indicating her displeasure.
"Boyfriends?" Ryan asked, pretending to be surprised. He knew Nicole was teasing his sister who had been single since high school.
"She's getting some interesting texts," Julie responded, not letting up.
"Is that right? What about?" Ryan's interest had been piqued.
"Nothing. We're not talking about this anymore." Nicole was serious. She was not enjoying the joke.
"I'm just kidding, Ninz."
'Ninz' was the nickname Ryan and Nicole's family coined for her since she was a little girl. It stuck with her, but mostly just with family and close friends like Julie.
Once it became apparent Ryan would not be let in on the joke, it became awkwardly quiet. Nicole and Julie played on their phones. Ryan stood with nothing to do, but look around listening to the music playing in the background.
Finally, Julie spoke up again. "Ryan, we need to ask you this."
Nicole looked directly at her with a serious 'stop it' look on her face. She was not having it, but Julie would not be persuaded.
"Ok?" Ryan asked.
"Have you ever sent a girl a picture of your dick?"
"Julie!" Nicole shouted.
Ryan turned red. He was completely taken aback by the sudden direct question. He didn't respond, unsure of what to say since Nicole was sitting there.
"Ryan, don't answer that. Julie, stop!"
Julie dismissed Nicole with a wave of the hand. "Oh who cares. We need a guy's perspective. Ryan, before you came down we were discussing why guys feel the need to send pictures of their dicks to girls. Especially when they're not exactly good pictures."
Nicole stared into her phone, showing no interest in partaking in the conversation about penises with her brother in the room.
"And how did this start?" Ryan asked, awkwardly forcing a fake laugh.
"Your sister made out with a boy the other night at the club." Julie looked at Nicole as she told the story. Nicole had all but given up on trying to stop her. She stared into her phone, propping her head up with her hand. "He was kinda cute, to be honest," Julie continued.
"Anyways, couple days later he starts sending her these texts. Like rapid fire. So we open them up and then, boom. Dick."
"He sent a dick pic?" Ryan asked, using the preferred vernacular.
"Not one. He sent like twelve! All different angles and states of... arousal, should we say." Julie burst out laughing, covering her mouth in doing so. "It was ridiculous!"
"So I take it you guys were not impressed by this," Ryan said, feeling a bit more comfortable. Nicole had yet to respond, not interested in encouraging Julie to continue.
"No! It was gross. It wasn't even a nice dick!" Julie responded. "If you're gonna send an unsolicited dick pic, at least make it a good one."
"What's a good dick pic though?" Ryan asked. He loved the topic, especially with the gorgeous Julie leading the discussion.
"Well for starters it can't look like a cheese curl!"
Finally, Nicole burst out laughing. She couldn't stand by any longer. It was truthfully hilarious to her, but she was trying hard not to discuss in front of her brother. Ultimately deciding it was harmless enough.
"A cheese curl? C'mon."
"Yes. Ninz, show him."
Nicole took a moment to pull the picture up, before tossing her phone to Ryan. She nearly missed, but Ryan was quick to reach out and catch it before it landed on the ground. "Whoa, good catch," Julie commented.
Ryan took one look at the phone, before bursting out laughing, placing his hand on his forehead. "Ok, I get it now," he said, shaking his head while taking another quick look. He then passed the phone back.
"The thing is like three inches. Why would you send that to someone?!" Julie asked, rhetorically. "If you're gonna send a dick pic, make sure you're packin' a big one. Sheesh!"
"So I guess this dude's not getting a text back?"
Nicole shrugged. "Meh. I dunno. He was a good kisser."
"A good kisser. With a tiny dick. But a good kisser," Julie teased. She turned to Ryan. "You didn't answer though. Have you sent any dick pics before?"
"Julie, stop!" pleaded Nicole, but Julie ignored her. "Well?" she asked Ryan.
Ryan blushed and shook his head. "I can't say that I have, no."
Julie frowned. "Aww, is it because you have a cheese curl?" she said in a fake whiny voice.
"Definitely not a cheese curl, no." Ryan shook his head.
"I can't believe we're discussing this. I need to leave the room," Nicole said, but she didn't make any attempt to get up.
"Oh yeah? How many of Nicole's new friend's ding-a-ling would you say yours is?"
"How many? I have no idea." Ryan was becoming more and more uncomfortable. But he loved how open and forthcoming Julie was being. It was also having an effect on him physically, as he started to grow underneath his pants.
"I bet you're big. You have big hands and big feet," said Julie, never one to beat around the bush.
"Oh my God, Julie. We are not discussing this right now!" Nicole glared at her. She had had enough of this risque conversation about her brother.
"It's not such a big deal," Julie argued. "I've seen Ryan's bulge before. Christ, I've known him over fifteen years now."
Nicole crouched up in a ball and stared down at her phone, pretending to be withdrawn from the conversation. Julie, feeling content that Nicole had held back, resumed her questioning. Ryan was still leaning against the pool table, hands in his pockets. He formed two fists with his hands, pressing his jeans out as far as they would go. It was all in an attempt to hide the growing tent.
"Is yours big?" she asked, as she glanced down at his crotch area.
The head of his penis was nearly visible as he struggled to contain his expanding erection. Ryan had little experience with the opposite sex. He had only two meaningful girlfriends. But even in his limited experience, he learned from girls that he was most definitely above average in the size department. He was also no stranger to internet porn where he frequently would come to the conclusion he was bigger than most of the men in the videos he watched.
But none of that changed the fact that he was painfully shy around girls. Especially ones like Julie, whom he had a crush on for many years. He was beaming bright red as Julie openly looked between his legs for a hint of an answer to her question.
"Oh yeah, you're big," she giggled as she noticed his protruding cock head pressing down his right pant leg. Ryan tried to adjust, shifting in his position, but only made his erection all the more obvious to Julie. In response, she laughed again and turned to Nicole who was still scrolling her phone silently.
Realizing Nicole was still not playing into it, she turned back to Ryan, eying his bulge. "Didn't know you had such a pork sword, Ry." She looked up at him and saw he was blushing and trying his best to hide himself.
"That's a good thing! Don't be shy. Be proud of what God gave you."
"Can we talk about something else?" Ryan felt as if he wanted to crawl inside a coffin and never come out.
Julie laughed and nodded. "Sorry guys. Did I make everyone a little uncomfortable?" she asked, feeling zero shame.
"Ya think?" Nicole asked, breaking her silence. "I agree with Ryan, let's move on please."
The three of them carried on their conversation, trying to move past the awkward topic Julie so casually brought up. But there was an unmistakable strangeness in the air, brought on by her earlier declaration that Ryan probably had a large penis. He sought refuge in a large recliner across from the girls in an effort to hide any erection that may or may not return.
Julie wasn't being discreet about her consistent glances at Ryan's crotch. The truth was that she long suspected he was above average, but Ryan had never noticed her checking him out. Each time Julie looked over at Ryan, he would notice her eyes would quickly scan him up and down, looking for a hint of a bulge. None of this was helping Ryan stay soft under his jeans.
"I'm getting something to eat. Anyone want anything?" Nicole asked as she rose to her feet. Her plump ass looked good enough to eat in the tight pajama bottoms.
"I'm good," said Ryan.
"Me too," Julie added.
As Nicole went upstairs, Ryan stood up. "Excuse me, I need to use the restroom." Julie giggled at his properness.
Ryan walked over to the other side of the basement where a small half bathroom was and went inside. When he was done going to the bathroom he washed his hands and that's when he saw the doorknob turn. Before he could do anything, it quietly opened with Julie standing eye to eye with him, closing the door behind her.
"What are you doing?!"
"I want to see it," she whispered.
"What?"
"I wanna see your dick real fast. Will you show it to me?"
"What?! No!" Ryan pleaded. His cock responded differently as it began ballooning under his pants.
"C'mon please! I swear it can be fast. I just wanna see it."
"Why? Why do you want to see it?"
Julie crossed her arms. "Because I think it's gonna be big. And I wanna see if I'm right. Can you just show it to me before Nicole comes down please? You already had it out anyway to go to the bathroom."
Ryan sighed. In no way did he anticipate he would be in this position when he came downstairs today. But here he was, standing in a small bathroom, right next to a breathtakingly sexy girl asking to see his penis. This scenario would likely never play out again, he thought. He ought to take advantage of the opportunity before him.
"Fine," he gave in. "I'll show it really quick."
Julie clapped her hands quietly, careful not to be too loud. "Yay!" she whispered, looking down eagerly.
Ryan unbuckled his belt, and unzipped his jeans. He paused. "You can't tell Nicole this. And please don't laugh at me or anything."
Julie pretended to zip her mouth shut and throw away a tiny key. She returned her gaze to his crotch.
Ryan slid his jeans and boxers down far enough to let his big cock flop out. It was already at least half hard and growing erect quickly. Julie instantly gasped at the sight of it.
They both looked down as his hardening cock jutted out from his body. Longer and thicker than average, it draped well past his balls at about a forty-five degree angle. The tight quarters of the bathroom forced Julie to stand close to Ryan, but his dick was so big it threatened her by nearly touching her stomach.
"Oh my God, Ryan!" she whispered as she covered her mouth with her hand. "You can NOT be serious with this?"
"What?" Ryan asked confused, suddenly regretting ever taking it out. He feared he just offended her by exposing himself.
"You're joking right! This is friggin huge!"
Relieved, Ryan picked up his penis from the base. It had nearly reached its fullest erect state. "Thanks," he said bashfully, unsure how to respond.
"Holy shit, how big is it?" Julie asked. Her eyes remained wide in shock. Her hands rested on her hips as she barely broke her stare directly at his dick. Ryan seized the opportunity by checking out her huge tits and firm stomach while she wasn't looking. It only served to strengthen his already rigid erection.
"I'm not sure, honestly." Ryan had never measured his dick before.
"Fuck," Julie whispered to herself. She then frantically looked around the bathroom for a point of reference. She found an empty toilet paper roll on the holder. She took it off the holder and held the cylindrical item up to Ryan. He smiled and shrugged, excited and nervous for what was to come.
Julie placed the empty roll next to Ryan's hard penis. "Whoa," she said as she slid it further down his shaft. He was about two toilet paper rolls long. Julie removed the roll, resting her hands by her side. She stared at Ryan's throbbing cock. "This is, no lie, the biggest dick I've ever seen. I'm speechless."
Ryan studied her facial expression as she stared at him. He was cautiously optimistic that he saw a desire in her eyes, but refused to allow himself to believe it. For now, he was happy to bask in her admiration as she openly gawked at his manhood.
"Fuck, you're thick. And long. This is really incredible, Ryan!" Julie looked up at Ryan, catching him staring at her. Before she could say anything, they heard footsteps upstairs. Julie giggled as she quickly left the bathroom, leaving Ryan standing there with a massive boner. He could hear Nicole return and the two girls lightly chattering as he struggled to get his cock back in his pants.
He managed to stuff it in, but it was way too obvious for him to go back out there. He leaned on the sink and looked at himself in the mirror. As he felt his cock slowly shrinking, he pondered what exactly just happened. The beautiful and sexy Julie had just openly stared at his erect cock. She looked like she was mesmerized by it. Ryan felt intense arousal and desperately craved more. He wished his sister didn't come back so he could have perhaps further progressed the strange interaction.
When he was soft enough that it didn't show, Ryan left the bathroom and headed back towards the girls.
"I hope you closed the door," said Nicole, mockingly pinching her nose shut. "You should have used the upstairs." Ryan laughed it off, happy that Nicole wasn't suspicious of anything.
"We're gonna get ready to go out with some friends. What's your plan? You wanna join?"
"Naw. I'm probably just gonna finish my paper. Have fun though."
Ryan made brief eye contact with Julie who looked slightly disappointed he wouldn't be joining. It made him wonder if there was more there than what had just happened in the bathroom. Reluctantly, he trotted upstairs and resumed playing his video game. The paper could wait.
--------
It was almost one in the morning when he heard the door open upstairs. Ryan had dozed off on the couch downstairs so the dull sound of the television wouldn't wake up his parents. He rubbed his eyes and checked his phone. No messages. Upstairs, he could hear chatter and giggling. It sounded like Julie came back home so perhaps she was planning on sleeping over.
After about ten minutes, Ryan heard Nicole's bedroom door closed, but footsteps coming across the floor. Then the basement door opened and the footsteps came down the stairs. It was dark so he couldn't see very well. But soon enough, it was very clear that Julie was approaching him from the stairs.
"Hey," she whispered. "Are you still up?"
Ryan lifted his head towards her. "Yeah. You guys have fun?"
Julie happily sat down, legs crossed at the end of the couch near Ryan's feet. She moved them slightly to make room. "It was good! Just ended up being the girls so probably best that you didn't tag along. Did you finish your paper?"
Forgetting he lied about working on his paper, Ryan nodded. "Yep, all good. Was just about to turn in."
Ryan never had great luck with women and whenever he found himself in a situation like this, he often retreated rather than advanced. Tonight was no exception. Julie's attractiveness was intimidating to Ryan.
He sat up on the couch and fake yawned. "I better head up."
But Julie had other plans. She placed her hand on his knee. "Noo, stay with me a bit. I'm not tired yet. Let's watch TV or something."
Ryan's stomach dropped with nervousness. "Umm, ok. Sure." He grabbed the remote and turned the volume up. Julie smiled and sunk into the couch, closer to Ryan. She put her head on his shoulder.
Cuddling was not something out of the ordinary for Julie. She was a very physical person and had slept on Ryan's shoulder many times throughout their years of knowing one another. But tonight was not an ordinary night. She had seen his penis earlier that day. She was buzzed. Things felt different.
It wasn't long before Julie placed her hand on Ryan's thigh and started rubbing it softly. At first, Ryan was so nervous he pretended he didn't know it was happening. But after a while, as her touch became more and more obvious, he felt as if he had to respond.
"Uhh, what... what are you doing?"
Julie looked up at him with a guilty smile on her face. "I wanna see it again."
"The TV show?" Ryan asked as he scolded himself for acting like such a fool.
"I wanna see your dick. Can you show it to me?"
"Ohh," Ryan nervously laughed. "Like right now?"
She nodded with a look of pure desire in her eyes. Her gaze went to his crotch where she could clearly see his erection mounting already. She looked back at him. "Please? I've been picturing it all night."
"Uhh, sure, I guess. You... uhh... you think she's awake?" He was referring to Nicole.
"No. We can be quiet about it. I just need to see it." Julie reached over and began unbuttoning Ryan's belt and pants. She could clearly see a large tent forming as he anticipated what was to come next.
In one somewhat haphazard motion, she yanked his pants and underwear down to his knees as his hardening cock sprung free.
"Oh shit!" she cracked up laughing at the sight.
"What?!" Ryan instinctively covered his privates as Julie laughed so hard she buried her face in her hands.
She then reached out and removed his hands. "It's so big!"
With Ryan's hands now at his side, his cock had grown to its full size, hovering over his belly indicating substantial weight.
Julie leaned in to get a closer look. Her face was no more than six inches away from his cock. "Spread your legs a little."
In doing so, Ryan revealed his huge balls, unobstructed by his legs. They rested comfortably on the couch cushion below. "Holy shit Ryan. You're like not human." Julie looked at him to gauge his reaction. He shrugged and forced a smile.
"It's bigger than before. You're bigger now right?"
For the first time, Ryan touched it, holding it up with his hand. "I don't think so, Julie," he laughed. "It's the same size."
Julie held her hand tightly against her chest. Even though she was wearing a black sweater with no cleavage visible, Ryan was well aware of what she had concealed underneath. His cock throbbed and pulsed as he clutched it with his hand.
"Do you like this?" she asked.
"My dick?" Ryan responded, confused.
"No, silly. Me. Me looking at it. Do you like showing it off for me?"
Ryan was over the moon showing it off. He had never been more aroused in his lifetime. But his inner self convinced him he should play it cool. 'Hard to get' as they say.
"Umm, yeah sure. I mean I guess it's pretty cool."
Julie, not satisfied, rolled her eyes and looked back at his cock. "It's so big. And it looks really hard. You're practically throbbing. Fuck... you must be really aroused."
Ryan continued clutching his cock tightly, unsure what to do next.
"So... do you... Do you cum a lot?" Julie asked, as she leaned in to examine his big balls between his legs. "You look like you can cum a lot, just sayin."
"Decent amount, yeah." Ryan was not doing a great job trying to play it cool.
"I kinda wanna see it shoot off." Julie was not hiding her fascination. Between being a little buzzed and being in the presence of a monster cock, she couldn't dispel her desires.
Ryan was so nervous, he froze, cock in hand. If it wasn't so dark, Julie would see his face turning the color of a fresh red tomato.
"Well?" she asked, looking up at him with a serious tone in her voice.
"Well what?"
"Do you think you can cum for me?"
"Here? Now?"
Julie rolled her eyes. "No. Next month I was hoping. Yes! Right now! Use your t-shirt or something."
Ryan was mortified. How could he jerk off in front of Julie, a girl who was practically his sister? Every instinct in his body told him to refuse this offer. Every part of his conscience tried to convince him this was a bad idea and to walk away immediately.
But he ignored it all. These same instincts have gotten him nowhere with girls in his life. Now was the time to be bold.
"Umm, ok. Yeah sure I can do that."
Julie clapped softly. "Oh my God, yes, yes, yes! Ok go!"
Ryan first started stroking very slowly, only moving his hand a half inch or so up and down. He was so nervous, his heart was racing and sweat forming at his temples. Julie watched so intently it was as if she was watching the climax of a really good movie.
After a minute or two, Ryan had grown more comfortable. He now stroked his cock in long, tight, slippery motions. Up and down his huge penis. With each trip to his head he massaged it with his thumb.
As Ryan looked over, Julie licked her upper lip in anticipation.
That was it. That simple gesture from her was all he needed to spiral completely out of control.
The first load was no more than a thick white dribble, pouring out his cock head and across his tightly gripped fingers. "Oh boy," Julie stared in anticipation for more.
After about three seconds, a huge creamy jet flew out his cock and into the air, high above. Julie's gorgeous green eyes watched its path as it came splattering down with a spat on Ryan's stomach. Another one was already on its way, following the same trajectory.
"Ahhhh" Ryan whimpered and stretched out his legs wide as two more thick loads shot several feet in the air.
Julie covered her mouth in shock. "Oh my God! What?!" she shrieked.
Ryan resumed stroking as he pulled out a few more smaller blasts that coated his hand, cock, balls, and the couch cushion below. He tried to be as quiet as possible, but immense pleasure forced his body to respond with moans and grunts.
He closed his eyes and leaned his head back. His cock was still hard in his hand. With Ryan's eyes closed, Julie studied everything from his still hard cock to the unbelievable amount of cum he just sprayed everywhere. Its scent filled the air.
"My God," she said, still in disbelief. She suddenly burst out laughing. "How'd that feel?"
Ryan laughed too. "That was awesome."
"Here," Julie reached over and helped Ryan take his t-shirt off. She briefly admired his toned abs, noticing how he looked very different from the last time she saw him without a shirt on last summer. She then took his t-shirt and helped him wipe the cum up from everywhere.
"Don't forget the couch," she said as she reached between his legs. In doing so, she lightly grazed his balls as she cleaned up the gobs of cum. She smiled when she noticed his cock was still hard. "Do you need to go again?"
"Maybe," Ryan held his cock up.
Julie giggled. "Well, I'll miss round two then, I'm afraid. I'm gonna go turn in. Thank you for my show. That was... something else."
She then unexpectedly leaned in and kissed Ryan on the cheek before walking upstairs and closing the door.
Ryan was completely in shock. He sat in the dark basement, wet t-shirt in one hand, hard cock in the other. 'What just happened today?' he thought to himself.
He couldn't wait to get upstairs to his room so he could jerk off a second time, thinking about Julie in his sister's room next door.