MORE BIG BOOBS, LESS PIZZA
Part #2 of four parts.
A little reminder. Two pair of full firm boobies, so much alike yet completely different. One set round like soft balls escaping from Dollie's chest, small pale areolas slightly above center, and almost flat nipples the size of pencil erasers. The others shaped more like teepees, puffy chocolate colored areolas the size of small coffee cups, perfect full, firm, long nipples aiming skyward. Even Dave and I couldn't stop staring at both sets of them and loved having them on display.
Dave and Sandy, our newest pizza flashing friends, were curious about the main campground in the woods. After all, we were camped more in the open and alone. In this area there were two or three places far apart for RV's, under large oak trees. The river was close enough to see from inside the RV. Secluded enough that Dollie could sunbath topless or sit under a shade tree. With only electric hookups and no sewer or water connections, few others wanted to rough it. Just the way we liked it.
I'd driven through the main camp area before, then discovered our perfect river watching RV site. It had been several years since our first vacation at this public campground. In several separate areas in the woods there must have been at least fifty campsites with water, electric, and sewer hookups. Of course a picnic table and a fire pit are mandatory for those roughing it in the boonies. These are the things most campers demand for comfort.
We always chose seclusion over comfort right from our early tent camping experiences. Back then we survived with a tent, Coleman lantern, and an ice chest. Now with modern recreational vehicles we have everything we have at home.
Dollie and I rarely walked the main campground and had no idea how many other RV's were even there during this stay. We'd only see the shuttle vans now and then coming and going to the boat launch not far from our campsite. We were certain that the young shuttle drivers and the owner of the RV park had seen Dollie topless numerous times yet no one mentioned it.
With glasses of iced tea in hand, we decided we'd wander through the woods and the main campground with Sandy and Dave. Just the excuse we needed to show off those boobies again! The manager was driving the long shuttle van toward the boat launch with an empty canoe trailer behind. He stopped to say hello, possibly to stare at two sets of mostly bare boobies.
It finally dawned on me that we'd camped maybe a mile north of the bridge off and on for years, watching floaters maneuver to pass under the old faded orange iron bridge, not knowing about this treasure of pizza, beer, and boobies. I decided to ask the RV park and canoe rental owner about renting a canoe for one mile trips. With the swift current and all of the southbound traffic on the river, there was no way to paddle back upstream.
We discussed renting canoes just to go to the tavern under the bridge and return in the shuttle van. We were quoted a price we couldn't refuse. The only problem might be the wait to be picked up after we call. Remember, back then it was pay phones and land lines. Making this even more doable, the RV park manager told us if it wasn't too late and they were on a shuttle trip farther away his wife could pick us up from the tavern and he could send someone to get the canoe later.
The RV park manager said he assumed we'd known about the tavern, the tittie dare, and the probability of Dollie getting free beer over the years. He apologized then asked if those two ladies got free beer today.
When we all answered "yes" he laughed and told us we might get free canoe rental and shuttle service each time they ride topless back from the tavern.
There were several adult boys, ages 18 plus, working as shuttle drivers and canoe handlers also so the possibility of them being given a free show thrilled Dollie.
Both Dollie and Sandy pulled their tops down and told the campground owner "here's your first payment."
We didn't go to the same places every vacation. In fact many of these southern trips were in August after I began getting four weeks vacation rather than the two during company shutdown in July. Each summer that we camped there again we'd just grab a canoe and float to the bar where Dollie almost always ended up with free beer for both of us. True to our word, the shuttle driver got to see bouncing bare boobies, as Dollie sat right up front next to him. Those old heavy duty vans on dirt roads were like riding in an old Army Jeep!
After a few return shuttle rides from the old tavern we noticed it became a two man job shuttling us back to our campsite. When I mentioned this we were told it takes two to load the canoe on the trailer.
It's always more fun flashing with like minded exhibitionists like Sandy. As often as we planned future vacations, we never met them again to camp and eat pizza. But this vacation wasn't yet over so let's get back to it.
Happy and pleased that yet another thing went our way, we walked toward the main campground with Dave and Sandy. There were no more than ten RVs scattered through out the campground. At least half had no one around them.
As we wandered down the campsite lanes we'd say hi to campers who were outside their RV's or out walking in other directions. We met and briefly talked to several campers as we walked past their campsites. With two nearly topless women, reactions varied which makes being an exhibitionist more fun.
The first couple seemed to not notice those boobs oozing out over Dollie and Sandy's tops. Just hello and "a nice evening for a walk."
The two old ladies at the next site seemed upset. "That's disgusting. You women need to get some clothes on. You're going to Hell!"
Of course they were dressed like old maids or maybe Quakers. Over many years we've learned to sense what others might think or say just by the way they dress and act as we pass. Comments like this are rare and we don't pay much attention to them.
I'll repeat one of my favorite sentences "you have to dress to play to play."
Dollie and Sandy were dressed to play. Another sample follows. As we passed the shower house we were greeted by two middle aged couples headed in the direction we were going. Their reactions are what makes exhibitionism worth it.
Sort of in unison the men spoke "nice tits ladies. Love your outfits. Show us more. We love showing our wives big ole tits."
No one has ever called me Einstein. I'm terrible with weights, measurements, and politically correct comments. So this is the best I can do after finding out those were two brothers, all were recently retired at fifty five, and those women were their wives. They were on vacation together with RV's in adjacent sites just down that lane.
All four were on the stocky side, yet the women had a certain sexy look to them. My wife often said any woman who shows me their big tits is sexy in my mind. The two brothers looked like retired football players, perhaps 250#, yet rugged and solid looking. No, I didn't feel them to see. The women also in the 200# range, also firm with no apparent flab or sagging, except their extremely large breasts.
All four wore long baggy shorts and tank tops. All four were braless! This was where it became interesting, remembering what the guys said about showing their wives titties to others. Those boobs were among the largest I'd ever seen. At least the largest I'd soon see bare.
I was used to being around women from nineteen to a bit older than our ages, early forties then. Most were thin to medium built. I rarely looked at a female over 150# unless naked or exposing a lot of tittie. Anything older or large turned me off. Time changes everything.
Although not blood relatives, both women could have been sisters, looked much alike, built alike and had a sexy smile that made their obesity seem to vanish. Well, maybe it was their tits which were hanging to their waists and peeked out from the wide cut tank top sides! This took side boob to a whole new level!
Using the old water balloon reference, those tits appeared to be footballs dangling from water balloons with the balls at the lower portion of the long balloons. Yes I eventually felt the water balloons, their asses, and more in exchange for letting the brothers feel Dollie and Sandy.
Someone mentioned exhibitionism and going topless. All four wanted to hear more about Dollie and Sandy's past and someone mentioned our recent pizza dare right there in the tiny nearby town. All four wanted to go to the tavern and order pizza... NOW!
The women begged and told us they own similar blouses and would change if we took them to the pizza bar. Tired, full of pizza and beer, sunburned, and making up more excuses, it was unanimous that we'd all go to the tavern tomorrow afternoon and let the ladies compete in the pizza booby dare game. Sadly Dave and Sandy were leaving for home tomorrow.