It was an unusually warm day at my parents' summer garden party last year. I bought a lovely new frock for the occasion. It looked good on me - well-fitted to my attractive figure, if I do say so myself. I anticipated lots of interested glances and compliments.
Mum bought a new frock, too. And it was suited to her figure, if you fancy large-breasted older matrons going bra-less with a plunging neckline. But I'm getting ahead of myself. That party was more than a year ago! Best begin with today, this day, when chickens came home to roost.
My weekend appointment ended hours earlier than expected on Saturday. I'm the executive director of a regional museum. Our walk-through tour for a charitable grant reviewer had gone very well, and quickly. Bruce (that was his name) had another appointment unexpectedly added to his schedule and had to hurry things along.
He was older than me, not particularly handsome or anything, but nice enough. At the end of our meeting, when we were alone in my office, I made sure he got a good look down my blouse. When he stood to shake hands, I remained seated as he stepped around my desk to find my hand. I had my legs spread just enough to be suggestive, then I stood and walked around my desk the other way, away from Bruce, and opened my office door.
We walked through the museum towards the exit. We shook hands as we parted, and I held his hand a second longer than necessary or appropriate. I paused in the front hallway of the museum to check myself out in the mirror. I like mirrors. Plenty in my house. It makes the place seem bigger and brighter somehow. I flipped my hair and smoothed it into place, and I could see Bruce looking back, checking me out. I gave my backside a little twitch and saw Bruce's eyes drop. His glance came up again, and I caught his eyes with mine, in reflection. I smiled. He smiled. I turned back towards my office.
I know I'm attractive. Men notice me. Women notice me! I'm used to being checked out. I don't mind. I like being looked at. I encourage it. And I like to look. I love to flirt. But it hadn't gone beyond that.
I sometimes show a bit more leg up-skirt, or cleavage down-shirt, if I think a man is really interested. Vanity, narcissism, whatever. It's my naughty indulgence. I find it arousing, being looked at.
Jacqueline, the pretty, dark-haired young woman at the front desk of the museum, was smiling at me. I smiled back. I like Jacqueline.
"Everything good?" I asked.
"That man was interested in you," said Jacqueline.
"Was he?" I asked.
"You know he was, Lori," laughed Jacqueline.
"Well, I guess I do know that," I laughed, too.
"Are you going to do anything about it?" she asked.
"Nah. I have other interests," I grinned.
"Oh, your mother called. While you were in the meeting. She sounded pretty upset. I suggested she call your mobile. She said she had, and left you a voice mail message," said Jacqueline.
"Oh, dear. I left my mobile at home, silly me. I thought I might go home early, check my messages, spend some time with Joe," I said.
"I told your mother when you'd likely be home. If you leave soon, you'll beat that time by at least a couple of hours," said Jacqueline.
"I can surprise Joe!" I said.
"Maybe you and Joe can catch a little personal time. It is Saturday, after all," said Jacqueline.
"If he's home. And if Mum isn't a problem. Fingers crossed!" I said.
I nipped back to my office to shut down my laptop and pick up my purse, then I headed back out. As I passed Jacqueline's station, she said:
"That was curious, what you said about having other interests."
"Hidden depths!" I said, slowing down.
"I'm not surprised that men check you out. You're a very attractive woman, Lori," said Jacqueline.
"Why, thank you, Jacqueline. You're quite pretty yourself," I said, pausing to smile at her, flipping my hair back.
"I like that you have time for me, even though you're the boss," said Jacqueline. She flipped her hair back, too.
I leaned forward putting my elbows on the countertop. Thinking of myself as an equal opportunity flirter, I gave Jacqueline the opportunity to look down my blouse, just to see if she would. She did. Then Jacqueline leaned forward herself, offering me a look down her blouse. I looked. Her breasts were larger than mine, held in by a lacy bra. I felt a little warm, looking down her blouse. I looked up and our eyes met.
"I'll always have time for you, Jacqueline," I smiled, still feeling warm.
She blushed. "I wonder ... Lori, would you like to go out for a drink with me?"
"You and your boyfriend, or work pals?" I asked.
"Just you and me. Nobody else." Jacqueline was still blushing, with eyes downcast for a second, then up to meet mine again.
"That might be fun, mightn't it?" I replied. I pointedly looked down Jacqueline's blouse again. Jacqueline leaned forward, giving me a deeper look down her cleavage, then leaned back, stretching her shoulders back and rolling her neck from side to side.
"Sometimes I get so stiff," she said, still holding her shoulders back, blouse stretched tight across her chest, so that I could see how her nipples, stiff and hard, pressed out through her bra and blouse.
"I like the way you look in that blouse, Jacqueline," I said, staring at her chest.
"I'm glad you like it. I appreciate that you actually look at me, Lori. That feels ... encouraging," she said.
"It presents you ... to good advantage," I said.
"I'm so happy you notice, and appreciate," said Jacqueline. "I like that this blouse has an open neck and unbuttons so easily." She unfastened a button to reveal more chest. "So convenient and comfortable."
"I can see that," I said. "I don't think I'd have any difficulty unbuttoning a blouse like that."
"I prefer a front-hook bra for the same reason ... easy access," said Jacqueline.
"Interesting," I said. "That's not something I'd have noticed."
"You'd notice if my blouse was unbuttoned, I'm sure," said Jacqueline.
"I think noticing, personal connection, human contact, is important. Especially when things get hard," I smiled.
"I'll bet you're the sort of woman who knows what to do when things get hard, when personal contact would be well-received," said Jacqueline.
"It's especially nice when I'm given that opportunity," I said. My God! I was coming on hot and heavy with this young woman, and I was straight!
"I think it might ... I think we might ... have fun, together, Lori. I like you, I'm ... interested in you. Particularly interested. And I think you like me," said Jacqueline, making eye contact.
"I do like you, Jacqueline, but, since I'm the boss, it's probably not a good idea for me to show favoritism," I said. "Not in the workplace, anyway."
"I wasn't thinking we'd tell anybody," said Jacqueline. "That we were having fun, together. It could be just us, you and me, doing whatever. Not at work."
"You're sweet, Jacqueline. I can certainly imagine doing things together," I said. Oddly, I could.
"Me, too, Lori. I hope you'll consider the possibilities," said Jacqueline.
"It's an appealing offer! We'll see; I'll think about it. Have a nice weekend!" I said, turning and heading out.
"I'll think about it, too. A lot. Have a nice weekend, Lori!" called Jacqueline.
I've never had any sexual relationship with a woman. But I do like to flirt. And I hadn't known that Jacqueline had that sort of inclination. And I didn't think I'd ever find flirting with a woman so ... interesting. It was rather titillating!
I drove home smiling at my early return. Maybe I'd surprise Joe. I was feeling quite sexy, after teasing Bruce, and encouraging Jacqueline to hit on me. And she was hitting on me, I was sure of it. Maybe Joe and I could enjoy an "intimate interlude." Things were quieter around the house, and adult opportunities easier, since our only child, our daughter Liz, was off to college, freshman year for her.
As I pulled into the driveway, I noticed my mother's car parked across the street. It was rare for Mum to stop by for a visit if I wasn't home. My Mum, Greta, and my husband, Joe, didn't usually seem comfortable spending one-on-one time together. A visit from Mum, when I was ready for my own one-on-one time with Joe, was deflating.
As I got out of the car, I could hear voices. They sounded a little guarded, so I closed my car door softly, and walked quietly around the side of the house until I reached the open kitchen window.
"I called Lori, on her mobile and at work, but didn't get her," said Mum.
"I think she forgot her mobile. I heard it ring. And I know she had meetings today," said Joe.
"Well, I'm going to vent, if that's OK," said Mum.
"OK, I guess," said Joe.
"So, here it is, Joe, what would you do if you found out Lori was cheating on you?" asked my Mum.
"You're saying Lori is cheating on me?" asked Joe.
"No, no, no. Well, I suppose I don't really know if she is or not," said Mum.
"What are you trying to say, Greta?" asked Joe.
"I'm saying that Phil is cheating on me," said Mum.
Phil is my Dad. I guess Mum finally found out about his serial adultery. It had been obvious to the rest of the family, including Joe, and Mum must have worked hard not to notice. I've always felt sad that there didn't seem anything I could do to help her get away or get even.
"I imagine he's had lots of women, but the one that gets under my skin is our friend Mary Timothy! That flat-chested, fat-bottomed cow! How could he want her when he has me!" cried Mum.
Mary and her husband, Robert Timothy, were good friends of Mum and Dad. I'd always liked Mary. She was certainly plain, but she had a nice smile, and I always enjoyed her big, long hugs. I did wonder, though, why Dad might seek her out.
"Can you imagine going after Mary when you could have me? Can you imagine that, Joe? Wanting someone like that when you could have me, anytime you wanted?" asked Mum.
"I ... I can't imagine, Greta," said Joe.
"I have a better figure than Mary. Her backside is bigger ... honestly, it's huge ... is that her appeal?" asked Mum.
I found myself imagining Mary's backside. Was that her appeal? It was very large. And now here I was imagining Mary Timothy's big bottom. Wow.
"I don't know, Greta. I expect a big bottom is appealing to some men," said Joe, calmly.
"Why are you so calm! I'm a good wife, a good mother, a good lover ... I am! What are we going to do about this?" cried Mum.
"We?" asked Joe, startled.
"You and me, Joe!" cried Mum.
"I'm sorry, Greta. I don't know what I can do. Wouldn't you be happier talking about this with Lori?"
Mum often confided in me. I'm a good listener, and I try to stay reasonable about most everything. I'm 43, and met my husband-to-be during my third year of college, after I'd had a few other boyfriends ... actually, two in high school, two in college, each lasting about a year, all intimate. Those boys all liked Lori. My husband, Joe, works for the local newspaper, and usually has weekends free. I often work on the weekend, for special events at the museum, like today. Greta, my Mum, is 68.
A bit more on us: I'm slim and fit, and like to keep myself that way. Short blonde hair, blue eyes, trim. Joe is always telling me how pretty I look. Everyone thinks I'm pretty! And I like that. It makes me feel pretty, and sexy, to be noticed. So, I work to be noticed.
Joe's a nice looking, beefy man who's put on some weight since we met in college. He's nice to everyone ... except he's often odd around Mum. Brown hair, brown eyes, no facial hair. Mum, Greta, is like my antithesis: Salt and pepper hair, which she keeps too long, in my opinion, but ties back in a ponytail or bun; deep green eyes, and she's quite large all over, without being outrageously obese. I guess I'd call her fleshy ... and that flesh jiggles around when she moves.
"When is Lori getting home?" asked Mum.
"Not for another couple of hours," said Joe, clearly recalling when I told him I'd be home.
"Are you busy? Am I interrupting anything important?" asked Greta. "God! I can't stop thinking about Phil with Mary!"
Mum had me thinking about them, too. The idea was surprisingly titillating, even if Dad was cheating on Mum. I imagined Dad enjoying Mary's big backside. Interesting.
"Nothing urgent. I'd ... be happy ... I guess ... to spend some time with you," said Joe.
"Do you have anything to drink?" asked Mum.
"With alcohol?" asked Joe.
"Yes, please," said Mum.
"Well, sure, I guess. You really want a drink?" asked Joe.
"Only if you'll drink with me," said Mum.
"So ... OK. I can get some wine. I'll be right back," said Joe.
It was quiet in the kitchen as Joe went to the wine closet. I don't know why I didn't just go on in, but it was sort of exciting to spy on my husband and mother this way. Naughty, I expect, but it pleased me, somehow. I sat down on a little stool we kept by the gate, for changing into and out of garden shoes. I waited, listening.
A few moments later, Joe was back. I heard him pull the cork on a bottle - pop! Then the glug-glug of pouring into glasses.
"Cheers!" said Joe.
"To better days," said my Mum, sounding grumpy.
"Whoa! You drank that glass off in one go!" said Joe.
"Pour me another," said Mum, not normally much of a drinker.
Glug-glug again, then Mum sighed loudly.
"It's hours until Lori gets home?" she asked.
"Yes, two hours. Sorry. You needn't wait. I can tell her you were here, and want a chat," said Joe.
"Trying to get rid of me? So soon?" asked Mum.
"No! No. Just ... you know ... letting you know," said Joe.
"I think I'd like the time with you, Joe, if that's OK. We never talk much, and there are things we could talk about," said Mum.
"We're just so busy with others when we're together, I expect. Family stuff," said Joe.
"Phil has certainly been busy with others, damn him, and they weren't even family!" grumbled Mum.
"I meant talking, not ... you know." said Joe.
"Sex?" asked Mum.
"Well, yeah," said Joe.
"Not exactly family stuff," said Mum.
"I'm not following you, Mum," said Joe.
"Sex. Not exactly family stuff. Well, you and Lori, me and Phil, when he isn't with Mary or some other floozy," said Mum.
"I guess sex isn't exactly a family activity. Sorry," said Joe. "You and I haven't ever engaged ... talked about ... sex.
"Well, but it could be, right? A family activity? I've probably had too much to drink, already. Top me up again, Joe," said Mum.
Joe laughed and poured more wine. Glug-glug-glug.
"This bottle's already almost empty," said Joe.
"Do you have more?" asked Mum.
"Well, yes ... " said Joe.
"Good. So, Joe, be honest - I do trust your judgement - I'm more attractive than Mary, don't you think?" asked Mum.
"Oh, dear, of course you are, Greta. I'm sure Phil thinks so, too. Sometimes, well, we get interested in ... oh, other things ... I suppose we all know these things happen, not that awareness makes it any easier," said Joe.
"These things haven't happened for me. Phil's been my only partner, ever! We married so young," said Mum.
"That's hard," said Joe. "You never? With someone else?"
"Never," said Mum.
"I'm surprised. A woman with your ... appealing features," said Joe.
"Appealing features, Joe?" asked Mum.
"Features like yours, Greta. Very ... appealing," said Joe.
Thinking about features, I thought about Mum's. And Jacqueline's. Weird.
"Well, thank you, Joe," said Mum.
"It's not a compliment, it's the truth," said Joe.
"I understand," said Mum, sounding smug.
"Just saying," said Joe.
"Well, I feel like I've been cheated, not just cheated on. I've been attracted to other men, as you can imagine, and I think ... I know ... they've been attracted to me," said Mum. "I've missed out while Phil's put himself out and about! But I had opportunities! Maybe I still could."
She sounded interested in my husband. Well, Mum was getting on in years, and her full, sagging, matronly figure couldn't help. I'm sure Joe seemed like a good prospect. Was he? No, I didn't think so, but maybe ... that was a curious notion. And it would be nice if Mum could get a little action. It might make her feel better.
"You're an attractive woman, Greta," said Joe.
So gallant, my husband. Maybe he was a good prospect? Stop it, Lori!
"You think so?" asked Mum.
"I do," said Joe.
He'd never told me he thought Mum was attractive.
"You think I'm attractive, Joe?" asked Mum.
"I think you're attractive, Greta. I always have," said Joe.
"Always? Oh, you know, Joe? I've always been attracted to you, too," said Mum.
They've always found one another attractive? Their cool relationship over the years didn't support that.
"I'm rather a different sort of woman from my pretty Lori, though," said Mum.
"You're both lovely, both you and Lori," said Joe.
"You're still attracted to my Lori?" asked Mum.
"Oh, yes. Of course," said Joe.
"And ... as a man, maybe, you could be attracted to me? Even if I'm different from Lori? I'd like to think so," said Mum.
"Well, sure. I'm lucky to have such a lovely mother-in-law," said Joe.
"You and Lori are still OK, Joe? As a couple, and in the bedroom, and so on?" asked Mum.
I was surprised hearing my mother have this kind of conversation with Joe.
"We're fine, Greta. In the bedroom and in every way. Don't worry," said Joe.
"I like thinking about you and Lori being happy, in the bedroom," said Mum.
"You think about us? In the bedroom?" asked Joe.
"Oh, yes! Often!" said Mum.
"I think about you, in the bedroom, too, Greta," said Joe.
What? Joe thought about my Mum in the bedroom? Whose bedroom?
"Oh, that makes me happy, Joe," said Mum.
"I'd like to make you happy, Greta," said Joe.
Sounding a little suggestive, in my opinion. But I liked it, somehow.
"Are you ever attracted to other women? I expect so. We're all attracted to others at times, aren't we? Lori's certainly always been a bit of a flirt," said Mum.
"Yes, that's just part of who Lori is. She likes to show off and flirt," said Joe.
That was true, I thought, with Mary on my mind, thinking about how she was attractive to my Dad. Did she flirt with him, and it just kept going?
"There are a lot of attractive women in the world, Greta!" laughed Joe.
"Like who? Other than Lori, of course," said Mum.
"Oh, I don't know," said Joe.
"Too many to name? Can you imagine having sex with any of them?" asked Mum.
Wait a minute, I thought. How could he reasonably answer that question?
"I don't know how to answer that question, Greta," said Joe.
"Have you ever cheated on Lori?" asked Mum.
Hello! I thought. Where was thing going to go?
"What? No, Greta. No. I've not cheated on Lori," said Joe.
"No opportunities?" asked Greta, with a little laugh.
"I suppose there are always opportunities. We choose how to deal with them," laughed Joe.
"Would you ever cheat on Lori?" asked Mum.
"I don't think so," said Joe.
"But you might? Given the right circumstances?" asked Mum.
"That's a loaded question, Greta. I'd need more context," said Joe.
Why didn't he just say 'no' I wondered?
"Like who, what, when, where?" asked Mum.
"Sure, like that, the details. That's where the devil is," said Joe, laughing again.
"You'd have to start by having an attractive woman, a woman who was interested in you," said Mum.
"That's true," said Joe.
"If you were to cheat on Lori, what kind of woman do you fancy? Just imagining." said Mum.
"This is dangerous territory, Greta. Are you sure you want to talk about this?" asked Joe.
"I don't mind," said Mum. "Do you?"
"It's a funny sort of conversation for us to have, is all," said Joe.
"Well, I'm not going to share anything you say with Lori. I'm just interested in what kind of woman you might like to ... know better," said Mum.
I was interested in that, too.
"For instance, might you be interested in one of the young women working at the museum? Lovely young ladies," said Mum.
My staff? The lovely young ladies who worked for me? Not Jacqueline, please.
"No, no. Not my type at all," said Joe.
Good.
"An exotic super-model? Or one of those girlie-magazine porn posers?" asked Mum.
"Stop! None of that. Maybe a more normal woman, maybe ... " said Joe.
"Someone you know, perhaps? One of your friends' wives?" asked Mum.
"I don't know that I could pursue one of the women in our social circle," said Joe.
"What if a woman was pursuing you?" asked Mum.
"That would be flattering, I suppose," said Joe.
"What if it were a family member?" asked Mum.
Like who, I wondered ... like Mum?
"I don't think I'd do incest," said Joe.
"And it the woman wasn't a blood relation, and there was no worry about pregnancy?" asked Mum.
"You mean an older woman?" asked Joe.
"Are you interested in older women, Joe? A more mature woman can be a wonderful lover, I assure you," said Mum.
"I believe you, Greta. Sure, an older woman might be interesting," said Joe.
"As old as me? Am I too old?" asked Mum.
"You're not too old," said Joe.
"My age is fine with you?" asked Mum.
"Sure," said Joe.
"Mary's my age. Would you cheat on Lori with Mary?" asked Mum.
"I don't think Mary, but age isn't the issue there. I could certainly find a woman her age attractive. Very attractive," said Joe.
"That's interesting," said Mum. "Mary and I are the same age."
"Yes, you said that," said Joe.
"A woman my age, but likely not Mary," said Mum. "Despite her big bum! I think mine is plenty bit enough."
"You have a very nice backside, Greta."
"I'm pleased that you've noticed, Joe. Feel free to appreciate it!"
I was feeling a little tingly at the direction this conversation was taking. Was my Mum really hitting on my husband? And was he encouraging her? It sure seemed like it.
"And I'm a family member ... not a blood relation, though," said Mum.
"Right," said Joe.
"Would you want a woman like Lori? Trim and fit and pretty, like Lori? Or something a bit different, for variety?" asked Mum.
"A bit different, I suppose," said Joe.
"A bustier woman might be interesting. Lori's pretty, but her bust is modest. Larger breasts might make a nice change. Men like big breasts," said Mum.
"That's generally true," said Joe.
"It's surprising to me that my breasts are quite large, so much larger than Lori's, and me her mother. Lori didn't inherit my big breasts. But then, I'm bigger all over, aren't I?" said Mum.
I was imagining my mother's breasts now, wondering if Joe might rather enjoy them. Mum's big breasts. Jacqueline had good-sized breasts, but not so big as Mum's. Maybe Jacqueline's would get bigger and saggier as she got older. I wonder what they looked like now? Easily accessed with her front-hooking bra ...
"What if there was an older woman, a bigger woman? Might that appeal?" asked Mum.
"What do you mean, bigger?" asked Joe.
"Well, not big like Mary, her bottom is so big ... but big like me, say," said Mum.
"You're not so big, Greta," said Joe.
"You might like bigger? I'm not big enough?" asked Mum.
"You're fine, Greta. A very nice size," said Joe.
"All over, a nice size?" asked Mum
"All of you. Very nice," said Joe.
"Fleshy, then. Fleshy, like me. Might you like that?" asked Mum.
"I might, I guess," said Joe.
"Lori's such an athletic, slim girl, isn't she? So pretty. But not much to feast upon. I suspect a man with appetites might enjoy a heartier repast," said Mum.
Mum was really hitting on my husband! Still, I didn't make a sound. I was thinking about how many men seemed to have an appetite for me, based on their attention when I showed off for them. I understood appetites. I knew I was desirable. Mum was grasping, hoping, for reassurance. And she seemed to be getting it, from my husband.
"I suppose so," said Joe. "More wine, Greta?"
"You're having more, too? Then, yes, please Joe," said Mum.
I could hear Joe opening a bottle, and pouring.
Glug-glug. Glug-glug. Glasses clinking.
"Are you a man with appetites, Joe?" asked Mum.
"All men have appetites," said Joe.
"I'm thinking yours might include a more mature, fleshier woman, with big breasts. So different from Lori," said Mum.
"Lori is very pretty," said Joe.
Thank you, dear.
"But you might enjoy a bigger, older woman, I think. More like me than Mary, for example," said Mum. "If it was safe and she were willing, even a family member. Who do we know like that? Same age as me, more ample-figured than Lori, big breasts, like mine ... are my breasts big enough, would you say, Joe?"
"I guess so," said Joe.
"Wearing a bra makes them look smaller, actually, because my breasts are quite large and soft. A bra rather holds them in. Anyway, you might like a woman with big breasts like mine, if she were safe and willing, maybe a family member."
"Where are you going with all this, Greta?" asked Joe.
Joe would have to be blind not to see where this was going. My husband isn't blind.
"Do you remember our garden party last summer?" asked Mum.
"Of course, I do," said Joe. "It was a lovely afternoon. Warm, though."
"I think about it often," said Mum. "Great memories."
"It was a good time," said Joe.
"You remember the new frock I wore that afternoon?" asked Mum.
"I remember it well, Greta," said Joe.
"You wore some light-weight trousers," said Mum.
"Probably. It was a warm afternoon," said Joe.
"I noticed you watching me," said Mum.
"Did you?" asked Joe.
"I'll admit, I noticed you watching me because I was watching you!" laughed Mum.
"You were watching me, Greta?" asked Joe.
"Watching you to see if you were watching me," said Mum.
"It was a nice party, Greta," said Joe.
"It seemed that you were watching me pretty closely, me in my new frock," said Mum.
"Lori had a new frock that day, too," said Joe.
"Yes, she did, but you seemed quite interested in me ... watching how parts of me moved, I think," said Mum. "I felt pretty exposed and jiggly in that frock! No bra, Joe."
"You looked great in that frock, Greta. Lori looked great in hers," said Joe.
"I wore that frock for you, Joe," said Mum.
What? What?
"I knew it wasn't a ... conservative look. It didn't really appropriately contain ... or reliably cover me. Even Phil and Lori were checking me out. As you did," said Mum.
"It was a lovely day, you were our hostess, wearing a ... special ... new frock. I'm sure everyone took a look at you," said Joe.
"You all seemed interested in my bouncy bits," said Mum. "I felt like my big breasts might just pop right out!"
I remembered Mum having to rearrange herself several times, when her breasts threatened to make a full-on appearance. I'd wondered why she'd selected that frock, which required that she go bra-less, and I smiled remembering her almost falling out of it. Yes, I'd been interested, too.
"You're quite ... full-figured, Greta. In that frock, it seemed like part of you really might bounce right out! You'd draw any man's eye," said Joe.
"I was trying to draw your eye," said Mum.
"Why on earth?" asked Joe.
"To see how you might respond. And I got my answer," said Mum.
"How's that?" asked my husband.
"I noticed a bulge, in your light-weight trousers," said Mum.
I'd noticed that, too. I'd supposed it was because of me. My frock was very flattering to my svelte figure. But I had noticed Mum flaunting herself, and I'd noticed Joe looking. I'd taken Joe inside to my parents' guest room, and asked him about it, in private, and he'd just tut-tutted at me. So I'd teasingly squeezed that bulge. Joe quickly took off his trousers, I pulled off my panties, and we had a quick fuck before returning to the party. We were both pretty excited.
"It was quite a nice, large bulge, Joe," said Mum.
"I feel embarrassed that it was so noticeable," said Joe.
"It's the reaction I was hoping for, when I chose that frock," said Mum.
Her plan was to see if my husband got an erection?
"You were hoping to catch me with a bulge in my trousers?" asked Joe.
"Oh, yes," said Mum.
"I wasn't aware that you paid that much attention to me," said Joe. "We never seemed to be all that close."
"There are lots of reasons to avoid being too close, Joe," said Mum.
Like maybe if you felt an inappropriate attraction to a family member?
"I understand, I think, Greta. We may have been in the same boat without knowing it," said Joe.
"You didn't think I'd notice your erection, Joe? You didn't try and conceal it from me, as I recall," said Mum.
Hadn't he? Had Joe been hoping my mother might see him aroused?
"You and Lori were being so open ... displaying your attractions, Greta, I guess I didn't see any reason to hide ... my own. I liked you looking at me. I was happy you noticed that bulge," said Joe.
"Especially when you brushed by me. I pushed my bottom back, making you press right up against my backside for a moment. That bulge seemed quite hard, pressed against my bottom," said Mum.
"I remember. I liked that feeling," said Joe.
Oh, here we go, I thought.
"Have you thought about me, my body, in that frock, since the party, Joe?" asked Mum.
"I remember both you and Lori in your lovely frocks," said Joe.
"Have you through about me, my body, out of that frock, Joe?" asked Mum.
Joe didn't say anything. Why didn't he just say 'no?'
"I've thought about the bulge in your trousers. It's made me feel quite warm and interesting. I think about it a lot. In and out of your trousers. Mostly out. Entirely out," said Mum.
Oh, I thought.
"Oh," said Joe.
"I've thought about your bulge often, Joe. Do you mind that? Me thinking about how I made that bulge?" asked Mum.
"You can think about whatever you like, I suppose," said Joe.
I was thinking about my husband's bulge now. I liked that bulge, it was a nice size for me.
"And so can you, think about whatever you like," said Mum. "Have you ever thought about me, in the flesh? Me, getting out of that frock? My big breasts swinging free. Me, interested in your bulge?"
"All men have fantasies, Greta. It's natural," said Joe.
"I wonder if imagining me, getting naked, might still make you ... hard. Do I still inspire a bulge, an erection in your trousers?" asked Mum.
"It's ... possible," said my husband.
Joe getting an erection thinking about my mother!
"Is our reminiscing inspiring a bulging erection now? It looks like it might be. Those shorts don't conceal much," said Mum.
"Maybe," said Joe.
My husband was hard for my Mum!
"You don't mind me looking, noticing that, Joe?" asked Mum.
"I don't mind, Greta," said Joe.
"Have you ever done anything with that, with me on your mind?" asked Mum.
"I don't know what you mean," said Joe.
I knew what she meant. She wasn't being particularly subtle.
"I like thinking that I make your lovely cock hard, Joe," said Mum.
Unbelievable! Mum had gone crazy.
"Oh, well, how about that, Greta?" gabbled my husband.
"Oh, your lovely hard cock! That you push inside my daughter! Hard because of me!" said Mum.
"Oh, Greta, I don't know ... " said Joe.
"Have you ever masturbated, thinking about me, Joe? Taken your lovely hard cock in your hand, wanking as you imagine me? I've masturbated, fingers in my wet pussy, thinking about you," said Mum.
This was totally out of control! I had to stop this. Mum shouldn't be fantasizing about my husband! Or his lovely hard cock! But, did I really mind? I wasn't sure. Better let them continue ...
"I don't think Lori would like us talking about this sort of thing, Greta," said Joe.
Actually, it seemed that Lori quite liked them talking about this sort of thing, surprisingly. It was exciting. But they should stop! And, yet, I didn't want them to stop.
"You haven't answered my question. It's an easy one. Yes or no?" asked Mum.
Joe was quiet for a moment, then said, quietly, "Yes."
"Often? I have, often," said Mum.
"Yes, often," said my husband.
I was stunned. And, admittedly, shockingly, aroused. Joe, masturbating, imagining my mother!
"I wonder whether you've ever imagined me, when you're inside Lori," asked Mum.
Joe said nothing.
"Even though we're different ages and sizes, Lori and me," said Mum.
I couldn't stop myself imagining my Joe having sex with my mother! This was ridiculous! But they looked pretty hot together, in my imagination.
"I imagine you, when I'm with Phil. I'll bet you imagine me, when you're inside Lori. Imagined being inside me, Joe, instead of your wife," said Mum.
Had he? My husband? When we were making love? Fantasizing that I was my mother? That was a tantalizingly erotic thought. And my mother imagining Joe when she and Dad were at it ...
"I do," said my husband.
When he was inside me, he was imagining my mother! And, somehow, that seemed super-arousing to me.
"Imagine me taking your lovely hard cock in my hand?" asked Mum.
"Yes," said Joe.
"Imagine me taking your lovely hard cock between my breasts?" asked Mum.
"Yes," said Joe.
"Imagine me taking your lovely hard cock in my pussy?" asked Mum.
"Yes," said Joe.
"Imagine me taking your delicious, throbbing, perfect, lovely hard cock in my mouth?" asked Mum.
Mum was sex-mad for my husband.
"Yes," said Joe.
My husband was sex-mad for my mother.
"I'm safe and willing, anytime, for you, Joe. All yours, if you want me. You can do more than imagine. We can do more than imagine," said Mum, softly.
My mother was offering herself to my husband. This was wrong! But might Joe say "yes?" I wanted him to say "yes."
"That's ... an interesting thought, Greta," said Joe.
Sounds like "yes" to me.
"Would you like me to take off my top for you, Joe?" asked Mum.
Joe didn't say anything.
"I'd like to take my top off, and my bra. to share my big breasts with you, Joe. My fat tits. Would you like to see, to touch, my big soft tits? I'd really, really like you to," said Mum.
"That's ... very interesting," said my husband, again.
"And maybe the rest of me? Your mother-in-law naked and offering herself to you?" asked Mum.
"I like ... that idea," said my husband.
"I like it, too. Very much. And Lori's gone for two more hours? We could do a lot in two hours," said Mum.
"At least two hours. Come with me, Greta," said Joe. "Bring your glass."
Oh. My. God. Mum was so forward. How could Joe refuse?
I peeked in the window. Nobody there. I crept into my own house! I looked through the glass door into the kitchen and dining room. They weren't there. I tip-toed through to the stairway.
What was I thinking! What was I doing! My mother was seducing my husband. Part of me thought I should charge in and stop it. Part of me just wanted to watch and listen ... maybe I was a voyeur at heart?
I heard voices upstairs, so I crept up to the door of our master bedroom, which was not quite closed.
"Take off your top for me, Greta?" asked Joe.
"Of course, lover!" said Mum. "A big woman like me. An older woman. Your wife's mother. I'll be good for you."
"And your bra," said Joe. "I'd like to see your tits."
"I'm so much more woman than Lori," said Mum. "She's pretty, and slim, and, of course, we love her, but I'm so much more woman for you, Joe."
What kind of mother was she? This was insane! I pushed the door, just a bit, so I could keep an eye on them. There was a full-length mirror on the door across the hall from our bedroom. I could sit against the wall, with my bedroom behind me, and see both myself and our bed in the mirror.
I crouched and looked in the mirror, I could see myself, crouching and spying. I could see Joe, sitting on the end of our bed, and I could just see Mum, taking off her bra, at the edge of my field of vision.
"There, what do you think of these?" said my mother. "I've wanted to share them with you for so long!"
"Oh, Greta. You're magnificent," said Joe.
Mum stepped closer to Joe, so I could see both of them in the mirror. My mother's breasts looked fat, veiny and saggy to me, and they were very large, hanging quite low without a bra. Her areolas and nipples pointed proudly, like headlights, into my man's eyes.
"And the rest. I want all of you, Greta," said Joe. "Take it all off."
My husband had lost his mind!
My mother stripped and stood naked before Joe. She had modestly wide hips, heavy but shapely thighs, and a round bottom, a poochy tummy, a bit of pubic hair, not a lot, but it spread widely. She didn't trim, obviously.
"You're perfect, Greta. Get on the bed, now," said Joe.
Mum giggled. Giggled! And scrambled onto my marriage bed, lying on her back. She looked like a heavy-set, big-bosomed matron. And my husband wanted her. She was magnificent, perfect, he said!
"Join me naked, please?" asked Mum. "I've wanted you for so long!"
Joe undressed quickly, and I could see his erection clearly as he approached the bed.
"Ooh, that's nice! You're hard for me?" asked Mum.
"Oh, yes. You stimulate my appetite, Greta!" said Joe.
"What do you want?" asked Mum. "I'll do whatever you ask. I've never been with anyone but Phil, but I'll do anything with you. Just tell me what you want."
"Wank me, Greta, and then suck me, please?" asked Joe.
He never spoke like that to me. I put my hand inside my trousers, inside my panties, where I was very wet, touching myself as I watched Joe and Mum in the mirror. My husband and mother, naked together, about to have sex. And I was turned on by this!
"Get closer, so I can reach your ... cock? I like to say that word. Cock. Your cock, lover" asked my Mum, as she sank to her knees. "I like to say it to you, Joe. Cock! Your lovely hard cock!"
She just kept saying that. Cock. My husband's cock.
"I want you to say it, Greta, and I want you to take it, my cock," said Joe.
He sat down by her head, his erection pointing at her face, just inches away. Mum grasped his hard cock and began to wank him, slowly. My mother, with her hand on my husband's hard cock.
"Your beautiful hard cock. I've dreamed about this so often, Joe!" said Mum. "You can call me Mum or Mummy, if you like.
"Oh, that's good, Greta. That's good," sighed Joe. "Mummy."
"I expect Lori's better at this than me," said Mum. "More practiced."
"You'd be surprised," sighed Joe.
What?
"Take me in your mouth, please, Greta. Take my cock in your mouth," said Joe.
Mum leaned into my husband's lap. She kissed the head of his cock, then parted her lips and took the head of his cock in her mouth. My mother began working my husband's hard cock with hand, lips, tongue, and suction. Joe's cock was in Mum's mouth!
"Oh, fuck me! Greta! Sucking my cock! You're amazing," groaned Joe.
My mother was amazing. Amazing sucking my husband's lovely, hard cock.
"I love your tits, and your ass, your hair, your arms and legs ... all of you! Every bit of you! I love that you don't shave your trim your armpits and pussy! You're so sexy, Mummy!" sighed Joe.
Joe liked hairy pits and pussy? How could I not have known this?
My mother moaned as she sucked.
"Oh, that feels so good! I'm already getting close!" sighed Joe.
Mum moaned again. And I had to bite my tongue to avoid moaning myself.
"Oh, Greta! I'm cumming! Oh, Mummy! Oh, Mummy! I'm cumming in your mouth!"
My husband was coming in my mother's mouth. And he was calling her Mummy I was so wet and horny. I unfastened my trousers, and slid them and my panties down around my ankles. I sat on the floor, back against the wall, rubbing my pussy, tickling my clit, listening, watching. In the mirror I could see Mum, still gently holding Joe's cock in her mouth, and I could see me, bright-eyed on the floor, fingers in my lovely neatly-trimmed blonde-haired pussy. I looked gorgeous and depraved. I imagined Jacqueline finding me like this, and almost giggled. Wouldn't that be something!
Mum kept Joe's cock in her mouth until he pulled back, and his lovely cock slipped from her mouth. Mum smiled up at my husband and licked her lips.
"How was that, lover? Did this big-titted older lady do a good job?" asked Mum.
"Oh, God, Greta! That was the best," groaned Joe, lying back on the bed, then leaning against our headboard. Mum crawled up the bed and lay next to him. Joe put an arm around Mum, held her close and squeezed one big, floppy tit, as my mother gently fondled his balls and semi-hard cock, occasionally licking its tip. I couldn't stop watching.
"Better than my pretty daughter?" asked Mum. "I know I shouldn't ask that, but a mother wonders. I've had so little experience."
"So much better!" sighed my husband.
My mother was better at sucking my husband's cock than I was. I needed to practice. I could do better! I almost laughed aloud, suddenly visualizing me and Mum having a cock-sucking contest, with Joe as judge!
"I love you, Joe," said Mum.
"I love you, Greta," said my husband
Now they were in love! And seeing my mother fondling, licking my husband's cock, on our bed, I loved them both ... and I loved watching myself masturbating.
"I feel rather proud! I want to be good for you, Joe," sighed Mum
"You're better than good, Greta," said Joe. "You're great. I confess, I imagine you, your mouth, when Lori's taking me in hers."
I should be outraged, I thought. But I'd occasionally imagined other men's cocks in my mouth, when I was sucking Joe's cock, men to whom I'd shown myself. Who was I to judge?
"And I imagine you, Joe, when I suck Phil," said Mum. "The real thing was better than I imagined, for me. You?"
"Better," said Joe. "When Lori asked me about ogling you at the party, I didn't know what to say. You'd made me so hard! I was so hot for you! Then Lori squeezed my erection, and we had a quick fuck in you guest room. It was great. And I was thinking about you, Greta. Your fabulous body. I imagined fucking you, while I was fucking your daughter. It was so hot."
Again, who was I to judge? I'd imagined other men, when Joe was inside me. And I'd wondered about my mother, even then, in the back of my mind.
"You're not hard enough to fuck me now. Can you soon?" asked Mum.
"Maybe in a little while. You do arouse me, Greta!" said Joe.
"I want you to fuck me, lover," said Mum.
I wanted Joe to fuck her, too. I wanted to watch my husband fuck my mother. Yes, I was totally depraved. I should talk to someone about this. Usually that would be Joe or Mum - but that wasn't going to work. How would Jacqueline react if I told her?
"But, for now, you could lick me," said my fat Mum. "Lick Mummy's pussy."
"Spread your legs, Mummy. I want to eat your cunt," said Joe.
I couldn't believe that I was hearing those words! From my Mum or my man!
"Eat me, lover," sighed my Mum, spreading her thighs and lifting her knees. My husband dove in to eat my mother's pussy.
I was so wet, and rubbing hard. I couldn't believe how demented this was. I was spying on my husband and my mother having sex! I was watching myself in the mirror, masturbating. I was so angry, and so aroused! Fuck! Joe regularly went down on me, and now he was going down on my mother.
Mum was bucking and sighing. And I knew ... knew! ... what Joe was doing. I had direct experience of how he licked and sucked and tickled my clit. Now my mother's clit. I rubbed faster as I begin quivering with my approaching climax
Mum actually cried out and shook when she came, and I came then, too. But more quietly. I didn't want to give myself away.
After Mum climaxed, she and Joe lay on the bed, stroking one another and talking.
"Lori will be home soon, I expect," said Mum.
If only they knew.
"I'm going to keep caressing your cock, Joe, to see if you can get hard enough to fuck me before Lori gets here," said Mum.
"You're amazing, Greta. You know? I've always wanted you, since the day we first met, when Lori introduced us, long before we married," said Joe.
What?! That was decades!
"It was the same for me, Joe. Lori introduced you to me, and I thought "oh, no," because I knew then I wanted to make love with you. I was so irritable around you because I so wanted you," said Mum.
What?! My mother and my husband ... lusting for one another for that many years!
"After that, I hoped that we might do this, what we're doing now, someday if I married your daughter," said Joe.
"I felt the same way! How crazy! I've wanted this for so long!" said Mum.
They'd wanted one another since day one. OMG.
"I love how you touch and hold my cock and balls," said Joe. "How you use your slutty tongue. I love your fantastic tits."
He never used those words with me. In the mirror I looked disheveled, and my pussy was wet and red. I wished I could take a photo, to save the memory.
"I am so wet for you, Joe! We have so many lost years to make up for! Please, play with my tits, lover. I want your hands on my big fat tits." said Mum.
Joe began squeezing and caressing my mother breasts. I almost wished I were he, in that moment. Weird.
"I want you to fuck my tits. I'd hold them together for you to stick your lovely hard cock between them and fuck them, fuck my tits. I'll catch your cum in my mouth, lick it off my tits. Can you imagine tit-fucking your mother-in-law?" sighed Mum.
Wow, Mum really could talk slutty.
"You're getting hard again!" said Mum. "Oh, Joe! I want you to use me, anyway you want!"
Joe never got hard again so quickly! I guess Mum's tits, and thinking about fucking them, was really arousing. It was for me, too, actually.
"I want to fuck you, Greta," said Joe. "I might not last long, but I want to fuck you, while we have the chance."
"I'm yours, lover. I want your cock inside me, inside my wet pussy," said Mum.
Joe climbed on top of Mum, and she guided his cock into herself. I wished she'd been on top, so I could watch her fat tits bounce and sway. Maybe another time ...
I was rubbing my pussy again. Watching myself, watching my suddenly-hard-again husband fuck my mother on our bed, the bed where he fucked me.
Joe pumped in and out, gently, slowly. Lovingly, really. It was sweet and ended with both Mum and Joe peacefully sighing. I wished I could give them both hugs.
"I feel so good inside you. Perfect," said Joe.
"Better than you imagined, when you were fucking my daughter?" asked Mum.
"Better than I imagined. Better than Lori," said Joe.
Damn! My mother was a better lover than me? Damn! Perhaps Joe just preferred a fatter, bustier woman. Perhaps Joe just preferred my mother!
"Better than I could hope," said Joe.
"We need to meet up again, lover. Again, and again, please," said my mother.
I nodded, silently, fingers stuffed in my sodden panties, squeezing my pussy. This was hot. And I wanted to watch, again. And I liked watching myself masturbate. What weird new discoveries!
"I can text you when Lori's going to be away. She is, lots of weekends. We could have hours," suggested Joe, kissing my mother, on the lips. tongue and all.
"I'll come for you at the drop of a hat," said my Mum. "Or you can come to my place, if the cheating bastard is away. Or if he's just napping!" Mum laughed.
No. They needed to be in my home, in my bed, with this mirror, where I could enjoy the show.
"Here's good for now," said Joe, kneeling and running his hands over my mother's fat tits, over her tummy, up and down her thighs. "God, you're gorgeous, Greta!"
"If you had to choose, me or Lori?" asked my mother.
Bitch! He didn't have to choose. He didn't get to choose!
"I love Lori," said Joe. "I could never give her up."
But with my mother, safe and easy, and willing?
"And I can't stop thinking about you. How much I want you, lust for you, love you," said Joe.
"I want you, too, and I want you to have me, anytime, every way," said Mum. "You don't need to choose, Lori or me. That would be silly when you can have both."
"Then I've got everything I could ever want," said Joe.
Good boy, I thought. I guess I was going to secretly share my Joe with Mum. OK, OK. That was weird, but I was OK with it.
"I like that," said Mum. "But what if Lori finds out?"
"She mustn't. God, Greta, your tits are fantastic!" said Joe, still squeezing my Mum's fat tits. I squeezed my own modest ones, watching my husband fondle my mother.
"But if she did?" persisted Mum. "Oh, Joe! I love your hands on my tits!"
"Well, maybe it would be a turn-on. When she noticed me looking at you at the party, Greta, Lori and I were both so excited we had to fuck as soon as we could. I'm sure she knows you aroused me. She seemed excited, too," said Joe.
That was true. That was exciting sex, with the party going on, and the potential for being discovered, after I'd confronted Joe about checking out my Mum. If you'd asked me then, I'd have said Joe liked me in my new frock. But I also knew, somewhere, that Joe enjoyed my mother's flesh show. Hell, I'd enjoyed my mother's flesh show. She had been flaunting ... what she had. It was sexy.
"I adore all your warm flesh, Greta, Mum. I wish I could touch every bit of you at once!" said my husband.
Thinking back, I recalled thinking about Mum and her big tits when Joe and I had that quick fuck during Mum and Dad's summer garden party, when Mum had been flaunting herself. Had Joe and I talked about it? Maybe jokingly. And he'd totally been thinking about Mum and her tits when we fucked that time. I think I sort of knew that, but I just didn't really mind. Now I rather liked the idea.
"Wouldn't it be something if Lori knew about us and didn't mind - maybe even liked it!" giggled Mum. "Her fat-titted old Mum with her sexy husband! Us going at it, Lori enjoying it. Wouldn't that be a wild surprise!"
Oh, yeah. My pussy was still dripping wet. I was jealous. But more, I was also horny as hell. In the mirror I could see my mother and husband gently caressing one another. I could see myself, grinning madly, pretty legs spread wide, pretty wet pussy on display ... I looked very sexy, if I do say so myself. I watched myself as I stroked and teased my pussy. So sexy.
Mum took Joe's cock in her mouth again, and gently sucked him. He was lying back, eyes closed. I really was enjoying seeing my mother's mouth on my husband's cock!
I got up and moved quietly to the nearby guest bathroom, and closed myself in.
I unbuttoned my blouse and unfastened my bra, so I could look at my pretty breasts in the mirror. My nipples were hard. My breasts were a nice C cup with little sag. I wanted to show them to someone! I pinched my nipples and smiled at myself. It would be exciting to have someone ... someone like Jacqueline ... find me, fingering my wet pussy, pinching my pretty nipples. I wished someone could see me now, this way, so depraved!
I wondered what sweet Jacqueline from work would think if she could see her boss behaving this way. I sort of thought she'd like it. I would. Such a curious realization, that I might actually be interested in another woman, that way.
Maybe I'd surprise Joe with a sudden "work" gig on Sunday, tomorrow, so he could arrange something with Mum. I had a sudden image of Mum and Joe catching me, watching them, with me masturbating. Oh, wouldn't that be something! I wonder what we'd all do next?
Then I had a sudden image of Jacqueline catching me masturbating in the restroom at the museum, after seeing her in a revealing frock like Mum's. Oh, my! What might she do? What might I do? I began to touch myself, thinking of Mum's big tits, Joe's cock in Mum's mouth, Jacqueline's breasts in a low-cut frock, Jacqueline discovering me masturbating ... Jacqueline watching me, touching herself, then kissing me. I orgasmed again, sighing quietly.
I got myself dressed, checked the hallway to make sure I could still sneak out, and left the house. Maybe I should go back to work and see if Jacqueline was still there? Oh, but that really wasn't according to Hoyle, that sort of business-place activity. So, I drove to a nearby park, and took a little walk, thinking very sexy thoughts about everyone I saw, and giving Mum and Joe a chance to get organized before I arrived home at the expected hour.