Chapter 3: Learning the ropes - Day 1
The day finally came for us to begin our lesson. I came obediently as instructed in a bikini albeit a micro one. I hardly have any standard size bikini. Candice also wore a micro bikini. We were in the same skin-tone coloured bikini, making us look like sisters. Many of the girls there wore standard sized bikinis with the exception of a few who wore micro bikinis like us. Each of us was also given an identification tag that was nothing more than a circular disc with a number which we were supposed to pin to our bikini bottom.
I have chosen the smallest bikini in my collection and this set of bikinis hardly covered my nipples. Every small movement that I made would cause my nipples to escape and be in clear view for all.
Candice stared at my outfit, "Hey girl, you might as well be naked? And don't tell me because you have worked so hard that it is alright for you to flaunt it."
"Shit. Choose wrongly. I didn't know I had increased so much in size. It covered well just a few months ago," I frantically adjusted the top whilst we spoke.
We learnt the basics of massage; to knead, press, rub and how to use our elbows to add even greater pressure.
Throughout the class, I kept having to cover up my nipples as every little movement would set them completely free from the confines of my bikini top.
Next we were led to a room full of massage beds; it was practice time and we had to find a partner each. Before I could find Candice, one of the girls ran up to me. She wore a blue standard bikini.
"Hey can I partner you?" She stood very close to me.
"Err, I am with a friend," I took a step back, trying to be as inconspicuous as possible.
"Oh, it is ok," and with that, she walked away to find another partner.
I ran to Candice, "That girl wanted to partner me."
"I think she is attracted to you," Candice said with a smile.
"Ewww, she is a lesbian ah?"
"She is probably into muscular chick and you are a muscle freak."
We both giggled.
I looked romantically at Candice, held both her hands in mine and said in a sexy voice, "We need to practice, so who is massaging who?"
Candice played along, "Don't do that to me! I might fall in love with you."
We both laughed out loud.
I put my arms on my hip, looking impatient, "Oei, girl, quick leh, decide."
"I would love a good massage. How about you massage me?"
I gave Candice a soft smack on her buttocks, "Up you go."
As Candice and a few other girls were about to climb on top of the bed, our female instructor voice shrill, "You need to strip to be massaged. Don't tell me this is the first time you are having a massage."
Candice climbed down and without hesitation stripped nude. Her speed impressed the girls who were shy in stripping completely. Some of the girls were having difficulties stripping down to nothing and it took them a while.
I started to oil Candice up and began applying what I've learnt during the earlier part of the day.
Candice's back curled up in reflex as I began kneading, "Ouch! Softer, muscle freak.
"Oh gosh, softer, Ruth. It is very painful."
I relaxed the tension I was applying on Candice's back, "This is very soft already. I am hardly using any strength."
For the next 15 minutes, I could see Candice desperately enduring the pain and pleasure. I stole a glance at her face and it registered agony and pleasure.
I teasingly said, "You look like you are about to orgas."
"Dammit, it is pain and pleasure at the same time."
"Like sex huh," I said, half smiling. "But seriously, you ok?"
"I guess this is the least amount of pressure you are applying already. No choice since I have partnered with a muscle freak," she lifted her head and turned around to beam me a weak smile.
The female instructor's voice rang out from the corner, "Remember on the actual day, the male client you are massaging might be touching you all over. Also, you will be having a surprise which I am not telling you all yet."
A hand reached out to squeeze one of my breasts, "Arggh..." I gave a soft moan.
I looked down and realized that both my breasts were fully showing. My bikini top has slid to reveal my full breasts. I gave up adjusting the top.
"Hey, don't do that."
"I need to simulate the actual day by stimulating you," Candice joked.
I increased the pressure as I pushed my thumbs on the muscles near her kidneys.
Candice shouted out as she curled her back, "Arrgghh..."
Suddenly all eyes were on us.
"Ok. Stop it. Go softer. I promise I will not squeeze your breast again," Candice begged.
I finished massaging her and we changed back to our decent outfit before going back to Singapore for dinner.
And so ended our day one of training.