Monica first appeared momentarily inEntertaining at Large Chapter XVand then had a starring role in the next one. That's how this all started. Be worth reading if you want to be fully in the picture, Comments, suggestions and support are always appreciated.
*****
It felt peculiar stepping out of the car in front of David's house and not worrying about turning my ankle on the gravel. Odd too, that as I was wearing tailored slacks and a baggy jumper In addition to flats not heels, I didn't have to adjust my clothes to set off my assets to best effect before ringing the doorbell. I teased out my shoulder-length mane anyway, using the frosted panels in the door as a makeshift mirror. Old habits die hard.
The sound of the bell somewhere deep in the house had a Pavlovian effect and I felt my pussy tighten. I tried to block naughty thoughts from my mind as I heard footsteps approaching. Today, I was just a friend visiting to use his pool.
The phone had rung as I was preparing Sunday lunch.
'David.'
'Monique, my dear, I'm afraid I have bad news. I'm going to have to call off our Tuesday tryst.'
I smiled at his use of the archaic term. David's innate politeness was endearing. I had, over the months, persuaded him to open up a little about his desires and fantasies. But he never discussed them except in the most proper and conservative of terms.
'Is everything OK? Is there anything I can do?'
He laughed.
'Everything's fine. Thank you for your concern. No. It's just that - how can I put it - I've had a social obligation rather imposed on me that I find it impossible to get out of.'
He explained that an old army colleague had invited himself to stay for the night on his way back from some kind of regimental reunion in London. I was to that point unaware he had even been in the services; he did a three-year stint in officer training after leaving school apparently. The 'friend' had had a full career and now devoted himself to semi-professional reminiscing by writing short monographs on various aspects of military history and dragooning old comrades into tedious social events.
'I never attend. I think Cyril is coming to demand an explanation.'
He sighed dramatically. It made me laugh.
'Poor you. I shall miss our appointment. But I suppose a session in the pool at the gym will give me a chance to catch up with people I used to meet there. You're sure you don't want me to ring faking an accountancy emergency or something?'
There was silence on the other end of the line.
'I don't think that would work. But one thing does occur to me.'
'What is it? You know me, I'll try anything once.'
I giggled, I hoped lasciviously.
'You could come by and use the pool. In fact, I insist. Yes. That would at least break up the tedium of the afternoon and lay to rest any thoughts he might be having that I've turned into a hermit who needs bringing out of himself.'
'It'll be my pleasure.'
'I shall, of course, pay you for your time. I wouldn't impose Cyril on anyone without proper recompense.'
'You'll do no such thing.'
The mere suggestion had made me a little cross.
'You pay me for sexual services. Outside of that we are still friends. At least I hope we are.'
He spluttered embarrassed agreement at the other end of the line.
'So that's settled. I'll see you on Tuesday at the usual time. And I shall bring my most conservative costume.'
We exchanged a few parting pleasantries and I hung up just as Howard came into the kitchen. The smell of impending roast beef had clearly permeated through to the front room where he was following his usual Sunday morning pursuit of working his way through the broadsheets. He came over and kissed me on the cheek.
'Who was that dear?'
'Just David. He has a friend visiting next week and wanted to change our arrangements.'
'Very nice. Lunch about half-an-hour?'
He had lifted a saucepan lid to inspect the simmering vegetables.
'You open a bottle of wine, I'll call you when it's ready.'
I finished the preparations musing on my husband's reaction. I was happier now that I was able to be more open about what I was getting up to outside the house. He was more difficult to read. Changing the subject like he had that Sunday was typical. When he did ask questions it was usually in the bedroom. Then, more often than not, there would follow an energetic fuck while he verbally abused me. It was fun.
The David who opened the door to me was completely unexpected. He was wearing a lounge suit set off with a tie I took to be regimental, all stripes and tiny, unidentifiable crests. It was, in fabric, the kind of coded signal members of the establishment use to distinguish themselves from the rest of us. He looked slightly weary behind his smile. He kissed me on the cheek and held me for slightly longer than he usually did.
'Monique. You are most definitely a sight for sore eyes.'
'Difficult?'
'You might say so. Come through, I'll introduce you to Cyril.'
I caught his arm as he turned to return to his guest and kissed him as he faced me.
'You seem frazzled. What can I do to help?'
I smoothed the frown lines on his forehead with my finger as he pressed his cheek gently against my palm. Cyril had clearly got him wound up. I had never seen David so discomfited. He closed his eyes briefly to enjoy the moment of tranquility before pulling himself more erect and letting out a sigh.
'I shouldn't complain about him really. He's clearly very lonely.'
I adjusted my expression to something akin to concern.
'But he's such a pain in the butt. He started drinking about eleven. I'm just hoping he passes out soon.'
I laughed at the unexpected vehemence of David's criticism and then kissed him again.
'Sounds like a job for Monique. I should have dressed differently.'
'I don't know. He's very conservative.'
I put my finger to his lips.
'Don't worry. Leave it all to me.'
I dropped the hold-all containing my swimming gear at the foot of the stairs and followed him through to his sunlit lounge. The room was beautiful with its comfortable sofas and tasteful objects d'art set on shelves and discreet side tables. The walls were covered with oil paintings, mostly landscapes. They had been collected by Veronica whose portrait dominated the space over the mantelpiece. Today, the overall effect of serenity was broken by the braying laugh of the undistinguished little man who rose from an armchair as we entered.
Cyril, it couldn't have been anyone else, was short. No more than five-five, I estimated. He was dressed in the garb of a gentleman farmer: corduroys, a flannel shirt with clashing knitted tie, tweed jacket and the shiniest brown brogues I had ever seen. Strands of dark hair were scraped over a balding pate and cemented in place with some kind of pomade. He was pot-bellied and had the complexion of a man who punctuated his days with regular doses of alcohol. The gin and tonics on the occasional table indicated that today's dosing had already commenced. The bottles and ice bucket alongside them told me the current libation was not to be a one-off if Cyril had anything to do with it.
'You must be Cyril. I'm Monique, it's a pleasure to meet you.'
I held out my hand as he finally struggled to his feet and gave him the broadest fake smile I could muster.
'And you. Monique.'
I held onto his clammy hand longer than he wanted me to. His had been an interesting reaction to my arrival. Whilst wearing my normal working clothes I had become used to men like Cyril checking out my legs, arse and cleavage. With my 35DD tits disguised beneath the folds of my cashmere and the slacks cut for comfort rather than titillation, Cyril had dismissed me as just another woman. And women clearly had little place in his world. Still, I mused, as he fell back into an armchair, he was David's guest. All I had to do was make-nice.
'Davy and I were just discussing whether women should work outside the home.'
Cyril let out another laugh like a donkey to emphasise the ridiculousness of the idea. Now he was beginning to piss me off. David caught my expression and slipped me a wry smile and faint shrug - a sort of see-what-I-have-to-put-up-with gesture. His guest was too engrossed in reloading his drink to pick up on our exchange.
'He tells me that you raised your boys at home. Good show. Can I get you one?'
He tapped the side of his glass without looking up. I snuck another glance at David. He shrugged again.
'Do you know, I think I will. No, you boys stay where you are. I know where everything is.'
I stood and went to the cocktail cabinet and went through the motions of pouring myself a vodka. In fact I slipped a small tot of water into a tumbler and added some ice and a thin slice of lemon. Drinking during the day had never been my scene but I wanted to make Cyril feel at home.
'Chin chin.'
He took a deep draught and smacked his lips. Even that was irritating. It was definitely time for the pool. I downed my drink in one and pulled a face to make it look realistic.
'It's true I didn't work while my boys were small. But I have to say that now they're grown I'm enjoying devoting more time to my business. You'd be surprised how many people, busy people like yourself, requirepersonal services.'
I had held Cyril's gaze as I deliberately emphasised the last phrase and watched as his brain processed the words. You could almost trace the path from ears to fuddled brain and then see a lightbulb go on as he got to grips with what I had said. He was confused; his small head and piggy eyes swung from me to David and then back again. David smiled benignly; he was giving nothing away. For the first time he looked like he was beginning to enjoy himself.
Cyril coughed and ran his eyes over me again. This time he was trying to see more than the housewife he had dismissed me as earlier. His colour deepened as I nonchalantly smoothed the jumper over my boobs and flicked an imaginary speck off my slacks whilst crossing my legs to make sure the material stretched tighter over my bum.
'Personal services?'
His voice was more of a squeak. I gave him my best innocent smile.
'Now you're teasing me. I know what you boys are like when you get together. I'm sure you andDavyhave been swapping naughty stories all morning.'
I raised an eyebrow at David when I used his diminutive. Just enough to let him know I had heard it. And that if he thought he was going to get away without being teased later he was wrong. He smiled sweetly back at me. Message understood. I took a deep breath and pushed my chest out before letting it slowly release.
'Still, I'm grateful for you letting me interrupt you.'
I stretched again before resuming my Little Miss Innocent face.
'I've had a very taxing morning and a swim will just hit the spot.'
'Would you care to tell us exactly what you've been up to?'
David was warming to the wind up. He turned to his guest.
'Monique is always most discreet, but she can sometimes be prevailed upon to share. In the most general terms, of course.'
'No names, no pack drill, eh?'
Cyril's laugh was no less irritating the more he used it. He drained his glass and immediately started pouring himself another. David stood up and started towards the cabinet.
'Do you know? I think I'll join you with a small sherry. Can I get you another, Monique?'
'That's the spirit. The sun's long over the yard arm. Join us my dear and tell us about your morning.'
There was a palpable change in the atmosphere in the room. I was always surprised how quickly respectable men could get their frisk on at the prospect of a little smut. I joined David at the drinks cabinet and placed my hand over his as he reached for the vodka bottle.
'Let me. I know what you boys are like when you get like this. Get a girl squiffy and the next thing she knows she's having to search your pockets for her panties.'
It was nice to hear David's sonorous chuckle join Cyril's braying. I was glad he was beginning to enjoy himself. I let him watch me pour water into my glass and gave him a sly wink.
'You go and sit down. I'll bring your sherry over. And take those jackets off, you make me feel as if I've come for a job interview.'
I helped David out of his and folded it over the back of a chair before shooing him back to his sofa with a playful tap on the behind. It didn't go unnoticed by his portly companion despite the effort he was having to make to untangle himself from his tweed. The offending article was in a heap on the floor by the time I placed David's schooner in front of him - of course he had the correct glasses for everything. Both men were looking at me expectantly as I stood over them holding my own glass. I raised it to them both and then tossed the drink back. Even I was almost convinced by my impressive shudder as I gulped the water down. I slumped onto the sofa beside David and folded one leg under the other before ruffling my hair and resting my arm on David's shoulder.
'So what were we talking about?'
'I think you were about to tell us about your day.'
'Oh you don't want to hear about that. I was hoping Cyril might share some of the secrets of Davy's youth.'
We all laughed. David playfully tapped me on the wrist and I feigned pain. Cyril was leaning forwards in his chair, he arms resting on his knees and his face full of anticipation.
'Are you going to let him do that to me Cyril? I need a gentleman to protect my honour.'
I pushed at David's chest with a frown on my face.
'More drink. That should get her tongue wagging.'
I waved a finger at Cyril as David eased himself up. I fell back against the sofa legs splayed and pretended to clumsily push hair out of my eyes.
'You're as bad as he is.'
'I'm afraid that's correct.'
He didn't look like he was sorry about it.
'The boys of the old eighty-fifth do have a bit of a reputation. Got to keep up the traditions of the regiment don't-cha know.'
Cyril was braying again as David returned and gave me a brimming glass. He mouthed athank youto me as he handed it over with the faintest shake of his head. I took a mouthful and squirmed as I swallowed.
'This really isn't fair. You just invited me over for a swim, then get me drunk. Now you want me to tell you all my secrets. I'd never have guessed you had this side to you.'
I snuggled up against David as he sat down again, a move which elicited guttural encouragement from Cyril. Both men raised their glasses and nodded to me to do the same.
'Cheers.'
'I suppose so.'
I pouted after draining my glass and gurning. I dragged the back of my hand across my mouth for further emphasis. The pair of them just waited for me to speak. I shook my mane out again and closed my eyes.
'Well, there's not much to tell really. I was just doing a bit of modelling for a friend. There, I've told you. Now can I go for my swim?'
David gripped my arm as I made to rise.
'Not quite so fast, if you don't mind. What kind of modelling might this have been exactly?'
'Clothes?'
I let out loud laugh but stifled it quickly and blew Cyril a kiss.
'Now there is a man who knows how to compliment a lady. Thank you, Cyril. But no, with these puppies I'd never fit in to the sort of dresses that make the fashion pages.'
To say they were surprised when I pulled the jumper up over my breasts and shook them vigorously would be an understatement. I let the folds of soft wool rest on top of them while I raised both arms and struck a pose for a few seconds.
'We've got a live one here, Davy old chap.'
I let my arms fall and wriggled myself once more beneath the folds of the jumper.
'It was what you might call glamour photographs, I suppose. This chap gave me a card while I was in town one day and asked if I would call him. I was flattered. He said I had a lovely figure and would love to take some artistic studies of me.'
I covered my face with my hands, just parting my fingers slightly so that I could judge Cyril's reaction to my 'confession'. He was opening and closing his mouth like a fish and looking from me to David and then back again. I had to stifle a giggle. David snorted, but whether that was at Cyril's expression or the yarn I was spinning, I couldn't really tell.
'You mean pornography?'
'No. Absolutely not. I wouldn't do anything like that.'
David slipped an arm around my shoulder and squeezed as if to comfort my shock at the suggestion.
'Of course you wouldn't. I'm surprised the thought even occurred to you, Cyril.'
'My apologies, dear lady. I was just seeking a little clarity. It's not the sort of world I'm familiar with.'
I raised my head and let my pout fade as I looked at them.
'Apology accepted, Cyril. I suppose it was a natural assumption to make. Is anyone else feeling thirsty still?'
I reached out and picked up my empty glass and there was silence in the room until David came back with another sherry for himself and fresh ice for Cyril. The two men sipped their drinks and then settled themselves comfortably and waited for me to continue.
'It took me a few days to make the call. When I did, Gerald - Gerry - was charm itself. We discussed a fee, quite a generous one actually, and he told me the sort of shots he was thinking of taking.'
I took a sip of water. There didn't seem a lot of point in more theatrics at this stage.
'He asked my to bring in some lingerie and a couple of my own swimsuits. David knows the kind I like to wear.'
David spluttered, busied himself finishing his sherry and rushing to pour himself another while Cyril watched with bleary jealously.
'Gerry said he was working on a series of pin-ups. You know the kind of thing. I'm sure you two have looked at more than a few in your time.'
'I remember that floozy you used to have over your bunk in barracks.'
'Annabelle was not a floozy.'
Cyril got the sentence out with difficulty. I glanced at the gin bottle; it was nearly empty.
'She went with me all over the world. Only retired her when the colonel insisted it was not appropriate when more women started to serve. Cracking girl, wonderful body.'
He looked over at me again. This time there was no doubt that he was imagining me naked. I helped his fantasy along by stretching the jumper down over my boobs as I pushed them out and then straightened the line of my panties inside my slacks. Cyril was still staring when I caught his eye and winked at him.
'I was nervous as a kitten when I got there. The studio is in one of those old office buildings in the city centre. I almost didn't go in.'
'It must have been daunting.'
'Thank you Cyril.'
I rewarded him with a blown kiss and watched him simper.
'Not the same as going over the top, of course, or whatever it is you soldiers do these days. But I had to steel myself to go in through the doors and up the dimly lit stairs to the studio.'
'And was it a seedy dive when you got there?'
I glanced at David. He seemed to be genuinely buying in to my story. I couldn't help but grin.
'Not at all. It was brightly lit. They even had a couple of sets; what was supposed to be a beach scene and a fantasy boudoir - all pink silks and chiffon.'
'Sounds tacky.'
'It was. But when you saw the pictures it somehow fitted.'
'And the photographer bloke: Gerry. What was he like?'
'As nice as he was on the phone. Older, but you know how much I enjoy the company of mature men.'
I dropped my hand onto David's thigh and stroked it firmly. His own hand went to his tie as it always did when things started to get a little passionate. I closed my eyes to enjoy a brief moment with the muffled messages I was beginning to get from somewhere deep in my abdomen. Cyril coughed and broke the spell.
'Sorry Cyril. I'm enjoying your company too.'
I stood up and walked over to him pretending to stumble at the last moment. I fell into his lap with a giggle and kissed his sweaty cheek.
'I knew it. You naughty pair have got me drunk and are worming all my secrets out of me with your charm.'
I got up stiffly, glaring at both of them. I stood with my back to Cyril while I brushed the creases out of the trousers. The man who had already displayed all the charm of a sopping sponge compounded his allure by slapping my arse. It was surprisingly hard and the cry which escaped my lips was genuine; as was the scowl I gave him as I crossed back to the sofa and presented my bottom to David. I had to place his hand on it to encourage him to rub it better, but once it was there he applied himself with enthusiasm. Clearly two sherries were all he needed to get his motor running. I went to pour him another before returning to his side and snuggling close.
'If I'd known you were a spanker I'd have worn thicker panties. You really are a bad boy.'
Cyril did not look admonished. In fact, smug is probably the best description of his demeanour.
'You were about to tell us about the session.'
David put the conversation back on course.
'I was? Well I'm not sure I should. You're both getting hot under the collar in my opinion and I wouldn't want anything to happen which we all might regret later.'
There was a moment's silence before all three of us started laughing. I'm not sure why they did. I was laughing at myself for playing so hard to get. My body was definitely sending me my brain messages that it was ready for its regular Tuesday afternoon shagging. An image of my friend Susan popped into my head. She's a stripper and talked a lot about the excitement of the tease. When I checked out the two men's faces I could see what she was talking about.
'Come on old girl, be a sport.'
'I think what Cyril is trying to say is that he's as excited as I am to hear all about it and promises to behave himself.'
'Exactly.'
'OK then.'
They both laughed again and settled back in their seats, drinks in hands. I hardened my tone.
'But you must promise to behave.'
I stared at them each in turn until they nodded agreement.
'Unless I tell you it's OK not to, of course.'
It took a second or two for the message to sink in. I started talking over their renewed excitement before they started asking for clarifications.
'So there I was sitting in the dressing room unpacking my bag. Gerry had run through what he wanted and paid me up front, which was reassuring. His assistant, Paul - a really good looking guy in his early twenties - brought me in a cup of coffee and started helping me with my hair and make up.'
'Poofdah?'
'I think everyone except the dinosaurs is using the termgaythese days, Cyril.'
I kept going before we got sidetracked, but patted David's knee in thanks and agreement.
'I thought that too. But he was very helpful, explaining I needed to go a little more tarty with the lipstick and eyeshadow than I normally would.'
'Tarty?'
'You know, stronger colours more thickly applied.'
Cyril nodded, but didn't look as if he had any idea what I was talking about.
'Opposite the make-up mirror was a wall of black-and-white stills from previous shoots. They were definitely not glamourous.'
'What do you mean?'
'They were pornographic. Girls showing everything they'd got, dildos, whips. That kind of thing.'
'Oh I say.'
David looked both disapproving and solicitous at the same time. Maybe he just liked having his leg stroked.
'Paul caught me looking at their reflections and was quick to reassure me there'd be nothing like that today.'
'Thank goodness.'
Cyril had his eye on my hand on David's leg and was obviously angling for a bit of that for himself. I flashed him another smile.
'We had fun picking out an order for the three swimsuits I was due to model and his hands were lovely and warm when he helped me apply the tanning oil.'
'That sounds a bit rude.'
'Looking back, I suppose it was a bit presumptuous of him, but I was so anxious about what was going to happen next that I found it quite relaxing. He said they wanted to give my skin an authentic beach look. It certainly glowed in the pictures I saw.'
I ran my hands down the outside of my thighs as I talked about the oil and caught two pairs of eyes following them. My pussy was definitely warming up.
'And was it hard? Embarrassing? What happened?'
David was loosening his tie and adjusting his position so that he could face me directly.
'Not at all. When Paul finished he tapped me on the tush and said "let's go".'
'Tush?'
'Bottom, Cyril. And when I saidtapI meant more fondle. He's not a subscriber toSpankers Weeklylike you.'
Their laughter was like schoolboy's giggles. I gave Cyril another wink and one of my warmest smiles in compensation for the dig. He looked like he'd won top prize in the raffle.
'To answer your question, David. No. It was more like bloody hard work. The beach set was all lit up when we left the dressing room. Gerry had his camera on a tripod and started taking pictures straight away..'
I reached out and drained the last of the melted ice cubes from myvodka.
'I suppose I'd thought I'd just have to sit there in my cossie thinking about nothing while they snapped away.'
'And it wasn't?'
'Oh no. Gerry was all "keep your back straight", "stick your boobs out a little more", "look over your shoulder at me". I was worrying the whole time about getting it right.'
I tucked my legs underneath my bottom and went through the motions I was describing. There was a lot of throat-clearing and shuffling in seats. They returned my smile when I looked at them and held the pose where I pushed out my chest for a little longer than was necessary. They clearly enjoyed looking at it.
'"Just open your thighs a little more". I did my best Gerry impression. "Good girl, that's right".'
I followed my own instructions, dropped my hand between my legs and gave my crotch a squeeze. It was for my benefit rather than theirs, but I didn't hear any complaints.
'Sounds a bit of a Tartar.'
'Gerry? No. He was full of praise all the time. Telling me how good I looked, making appreciative noises when I got the pose he wanted. We spent a lot of time laughing.'
'Laughing?'
Cyril was looking confused again.
'He kept up a stream of jokes - mostly the kind you get on seaside postcards. "You don't get many of those to the pound" that sort of thing.'
I juggled my breasts in the palms of my hands. Gerry wasn't the only one who liked that move.
'He explained there was a growing market for traditional soft-core pin-ups. Said you boys like girls with "big, natural bazoomas".'
I pulled the jumper as tight as I could over my boobs and twisted at the waist so they both got a good eyeful.
'I guess he was right. "I see that's stiffened your little sticks of rock".'
I looked pointedly at David's groin. There were definite signs that "Gerry" was right. I couldn't see Cyril's as it was covered by his pot belly as he leaned forwards.
'He wanted me smiling and looking like I was having a good time. Said it went with the wholesome image. So the jokes definitely helped. But most of the time I was just trying to get everything right. It's harder than you'd think.'
I let my body relax into the sofa and glanced at my audience. Cyril looked a tad disappointed.
'So there wasn't any actual nudity then?'
'Well.'
I could feel David move slightly closer on the sofa and Cyril shuffled nearer to the edge of his armchair. I cleared my own throat. It was getting a bit dry.
'By the time I got to the third swimsuit I was used to stripping down in front of Paul. He was very sweet and always had something nice to say when I did.'
'I'll bet.'
'David. That's not like you.'
I feigned shock. Susan's always telling me that it's all in the tease.
'Sorry. My apologies. Go on.'
I kissed my finger and placed it on his lips.
'They had one of those giant beach balls. You know, shiny plastic, comes in segments, you have to blow them up?'
'Are they still making those? I spent half my childhood chasing them across windy beaches.'
'Apparently. Anyway, I'd posed with it before.'
I jumped up on my knees again and held my arms over my head while thrusting out alternate hips. They liked it.
'So when Gerry asked if I'd take my top off and use the ball to cover my boobs I didn't think too much about it. They'd taken a shot earlier where Paul - off camera - was pulling the strings of my bikini away as if it was about to fall off.'
I clutched an arm across my chest and struck a sudden pout with my forefinger pushing down my bottom lip. It was the very image of surprise and got a round of applause.
'They wanted to pretend my top had been blown off in a sudden gust of wind. They'd been using one of those big fans to make my hair look as if it was caught in a breeze. Mostly though it was to keep the plastic palm tree from melting. It's blooming hot under those studio lights I can tell you.'
I reached over and picked up my now empty glass and sucked out the very last drops.
'So did they catch you topless?'
I looked over at David. He was positively grinning in anticipation. Dirty devil.
'I think they must have. It took absolutely ages until Gerry was satisfied. What with getting the wind right, and the constant adjustment of the lights to stop the glare off the ball.'
'They are very shiny if memory serves.'
'Too right. And on top of all that he had to get the flight of the bikini top absolutely perfect. It's a wonder I'm not still there now.'
I stretched my shoulders to ease my back.
'I'm pretty sure he must have one or two more candid poses with all the wriggling about.'
I smiled and pushed myself further down in the seat to emphasise the point.
'I'll have to wait until they send me copies.'
'Any chance of me purchasing one of those? I miss Annabelle.'
I pulled my shocked face again with a little extra pout.
'As long as you promise not to publish it in one of those fetish mags Cyril, I'll even autograph it for you.'
Mr Smug returned with a vengeance.
'So what happened next?'
'Gerry called a break and I went back to the dressing room to change into the lingerie.'
I let out a long sigh and the two men tried to stifle disappointed groans.
'You can moan. I was really tired. My head ached from remembering all the poses and instructions, my back was stiff from pushing my tits out all the time and my eyes hurt from smiling into the fake wind for that final picture.'
David reached over and patted my knee sympathetically. Cyril looked daggers at him. I smiled.
'Still, there's nothing like changing into silky underwear and sheer stockings to give a girl a lift. And the ones they bought were lovely. I'm still wearing them as a matter of fact. They certainly put me in a different frame of mind for the boudoir session.'
'Do girls still wear stockings? I thought they went out in the sixties?'
I lifted the bottom of my jumper and stretched the waist of the suspender belt so Cyril could see it.
'I always do. They're much more comfortable and always make me feel sexy.'
I let the lace-covered elastic snap back and slapped my knees for emphasis.
'I'm feeling as parched now from all this talking as I was then. You wouldn't happen to have a beer in the house would you, David?'
I stood up and stretched some more. The smell of alcohol from the other two's drinks had put me in the mood for something, but I really didn't want to start on the spirits. David, ever the gentleman, positively sprang up and headed for the door.
'I'm not certain, but I'm pretty sure there'll be a couple of bottles in the larder. Mrs P keeps some for making batter and whatnot.'
After David left, I looked across at Cyril and he looked back. We exchanged one of those silent, smiled exchanges strangers have when the mutual acquaintance, who is all they have in common, suddenly leaves them alone and they realise they have nothing to talk about. He looked very lonely.
I guess it was my maternal instinct which made me cross over to him, perch on the arm of his chair and put my arm around his shoulder. The smell of gin mixed with the intense citrus tang of his hair oil invaded my nostrils.
'I hope you're enjoying my little story.'
'Rather.'
''Good.'
I leaned over and kissed the top of his head.
'I'd hate to think you were getting bored.'
'Never.'
He wriggled in his seat to be able to look up at me.
'You're a remarkably adventurous woman. I'm absolutely engrossed.'
I smiled and kissed him again. There was no way I was leaving the house without jumping David's bones. I had to admit though that even my libido and professional pride were having trouble working up enthusiasm for this unattractive lump. His enthusiasm was putting him a few points on the board though.
'And who'd have guessed that old Davy would have suchinterestingfriends? Quite a shock to the jolly old system that one I can tell you.'
He chuckled.
'You're not going to start telling tales on him are you? Or showing any photos of me to your leery mates at one of those reunion things?'
It was my turn to be taken aback. He grabbed my spare hand - the one which wasn't around his shoulder - and kissed it firmly before looking up into my eyes again.
'I give you my solemn oath. I shall frame your portrait and hang it on my dressing room wall. It's my most private sanctum. No one but myself ever enters there.'
I searched his face for any sign that he was mocking me in some way. I couldn't see any, but did feel my pussy chalk him up a few more brownie points. Real fans are always a turn on. He was still holding my hand, and on impulse I gripped his and started to stand, pulling him after me.
'Why don't you join us on the other sofa? You're so far away over there. It feels like you're staring in through a window at us.'
I grinned and tugged at his hand a little harder. It was an effort given the amount of alcohol he had taken on board to get him across the room and settled. The sofa was more than big enough to accommodate the three of us; it was a four-seater at least. But Cyril was not entirely comfortable until I had moved his gin, tonic, glass and small plate of lemon slices with a toothpick to spear them onto the table at his side. I stretched out my legs to rest my stockinged feet on the now empty table which had been between us and folded my hands behind my head. He busied himself refreshing his drink.
'David's taking his time. Think he's got lost?'
'Probably brewing the beer. Bet he couldn't find any but didn't want to come back and disappoint you. You're not the sort of woman any sane man would want to let down.'
I searched his face again and all I could find was the open smile of a genuine compliment. That settled it. Cyril was definitely getting some this afternoon. I leaned across and kissed him on the lips as a down payment. We both laughed; that is, once he had unfrozen his face from the shock of what I had done.
David clattered in carrying a tray piled with sandwiches, cake, a pot of coffee and all the makings as well as the bottle of beer for me. There was a hint of suspicion in his voice.
'Glad to see you two getting along so well.'
'Cyril and I were swapping Davy stories. Most interesting.'
'And informative.'
There was a momentary flash of terror on his face until he saw us both smiling. He told us to tuck in to the food and we did as instructed. I found I was really hungry and quickly finished my share of the sandwiches and a cup-and-a-half of coffee. I was able to sit back and watch the other two as they worked through their own. It was interesting to see a different side of David. Despite his criticisms, he clearly had a soft spot for Cyril; it was more than duty which made him laugh at his jokes. And his enjoyment made me laugh too.
It might have been the caffeine, maybe just three minds exciting themselves with the prospect of some fun, but there was a real air of expectation as David repacked the tray and carried it over to the windowsill. We both watched as he returned to the sofa, looked pensive for a minute and then raised his eyes to look at us both.
'Whilst I was getting the refreshments together, I was thinking.'
'I told you I could hear the grinding of gears.'
Cyril was beaming. A high five was the least I could offer to reward him; it was the liveliest he had been all day.
'What were you thinkingaboutDavy?'
'I was thinking about what Monique was saying about still wearing the underwear from her shoot.'
I raised an eyebrow at him but stayed quiet.
'And I was wondering whether we could prevail on you to continue your tale in costume as it were.'
'I knew it. I knew it. You two have been planning this all along haven't you?'
I was suddenly standing, hands on hips, staring down at them. David returned my gaze, doing his best to look as if butter wouldn't melt in his mouth. Cyril was struggling to hide his enthusiasm for the idea and rearrange his features into something resembling surprise.
'I should have known the pair of you wanted to get me prancing around in my skimpies while you stored up wanking images for the next month.'
I saw Cyril wince at my use of the obscenity. David continued calmly before I could stop him.
'Of course we wouldn't dream of asking you to do this without compensation. If we paid the same fee as Gerry - quite a generous fee, I think you said - would that make a difference?'
'Well.'
They could see I was considering the offer. Cyril chipped in.
'And threw in a sizeable tip? You could call itpersonal services.'
I continued looking from one to the other of them before finally settling my eyes on David.
'It's a good job I like your friend so much. Your suggestion is extremely filthy. But I accept.'
He nodded acknowledgement of our private message. I had been encouraging him to think dirtier for months. This was his best attempt yet. For his part, Cyril let out a strangledyesand then sat jiggling in his place while he waited for whatever was coming. I held up a hand to stop them getting overexcited.
'There are conditions.'
'Anything.'
'Listen carefully. I still expect you both to behave.'
They nodded.
'That means there'll be no touching - unless I ask you to.'
More agreement.
'Definitely no whipping out your willies.'
They both laughed.
'If there's going to be any unzipping of gentlemen's flies, it'll be me that's doing it, right?'
They just looked at each other. Their faces were flushed and their eyes gleaming.
'Right?'
'Of course, Monique, we wouldn't dream of doing such a thing.'
'Honour of the regiment at stake.'
Cyril saluted.
'Lastly. And this applies especially to you Cyril.'
He sat straighter to give me his full attention.
'There'll be no smacking my bottom. Even if I'm very, very naughty.'
I went over and bent forward to kiss them both. First David, then Cyril. I whispered to him before I straightened up.
'I might have to reconsider that last one. I'll keep you posted.'
I returned to my position half-way between them.
'It just so happens that I have a pair of high heels in my bag. Would you like me to put them on too? It would complete the outfit.'
'That would be lovely.'
'Perfect.'
'Back in a mo.'
I heard them laughing and talking excitedly together as soon as I pulled the door closed. I stood and listened for a minute or so feeling my body feeding off their interest in it. As I pulled the sweater over my head even its gentle friction made my nipples tingle. The only question I had was where was my story going next? I dropped my slacks, stepped out of them and poked around in the hold-all for the shoes . I knew I had condoms in there somewhere and pulled out a bottle of scented body oil before discovering the crushed packaging at the bottom of the bag and scooping out a handful of the foil envelopes. The dildo I thought I'd left in the bag was nowhere to be found.
I've never seen my friend Susan perform. My son Nigel is a big fan and isn't (yet) aware of our relationship. I thought about her when I pushed open the door. She had told me of the thrill of walking onto the stage in front of a crowd of excitable and expectant men. I didn't exactly have a crowd, but David and Cyril were enough for a beginner like me. Their conversation stopped immediately they saw me, to be replaced by a bubble of appreciative noises. I stashed my finds beneath the coffee table before they had finished taking in what was on offer. I could feel their eyes boring into me as they flitted from tits to pussy, from arse down the length of my nylon-sheathed legs.
It was probably unfair of me to seat myself gently on the edge of the table directly in front of their staring eyes. Maybe even cheekier of me to carefully adjust my breasts in the cups of the lacy bra, the side seams of my panties and the line of the same lace trimming where it lay on the edges of my mons. When I stretched my legs out, one after the other, to make sure the seams were straight, they only just managed to stop themselves making a grab for them when I waved a finger at them. I crossed my legs deliberately and rested my elbows on my upper knee, cupped my hands beneath my chin and stared at them with a wry grin. It was funny. These two captains of society reminded me most of small boys confronted by a big pile of sweets, yet forbidden by a sanction they were too unconfident to break, to touch them. It took them some time to settle into some semblance of calm. I nonchalantly swigged my beer while I waited.
'They'd given me a negligee to wear over this at the studio.'
I grazed the back of my fingers down over my boobs and waist.
'Which probably explains why there was a lot less frothing at the mouth and heavy breathing in the studio.'
'You look amazing.'
'Good enough to eat, as they say.'
'There'll be none of that. Yet.'
That broke the tension and both reached for their drinks. I uncrossed my legs and eased my knees slightly apart.
'To start with, I was sitting at an old-fashioned dressing table; the kind with a big mirror.'
'I've one just like it at home. My ex-wife left it when she buggered off.'
I caught Cyril's expression. He didn't seem to be at all regretful she'd gone.
'The poses were coming naturally to me now: straight back, tits out, "just ease those knees a little further apart". I had to brush my hair, check my face in a hand mirror; that sort of thing.'
Both of them had been sitting forward in front of me. They instinctively fell backwards when I thrust my boobs at them energetically. They were quickly back in position to get a better look at my pussy. I could feel my labia pushing against the material of my panties as they began to puff up. David let out a soft moan as I played with my hair; so I did it some more.
'That gave me more time to think about the position I was in: half-naked in front of two strange men, showing off my assets.'
I cupped my breasts again and pushed them together so that my nipples almost popped out of the bra cups. This time it was Cyril who let out a long, whistling breath. He tried to cover it with a cough.
'I was getting turned on. And, of course, the conversation was a little more risqué.'
'What sort of thing?'
David had to clear his throat half-way through to get to the end of the sentence.
'Nothing explicit, if that's what you're thinking. Gerry just pointed out that when men are looking at pictures of a pretty girl on a beach they're just wondering what she'd look like without her costume on.'
They laughed in a you've-got-me-bang-to-rights way. I stuck my tongue out at them and that made them laugh some more.
'When you're thinking about someone getting ready for slumber - what did he say? - "you're riding the winner in the bedtime stakes at Kempton". It made me laugh too.'
Cyril was almost doubled up, even David had his hand to his mouth pretending to cough.
'Things got a bit hotter, shall we say, when Gerry got me to move from the dressing table to the chaise long.'
I stood up and sat between them on the sofa.
'He was taking pictures every few seconds and talking non-stop. I just went with the flow. "Lean forwards", "beautiful", "let's see a bit more of that gorgeous cleavage", "lovely", "now just ease that strap off your shoulder", "yes, that'll boost Kleenex sales in the Home Counties". By the time he asked me to stretch out lengthways I had almost lost my bra and was pretty flustered I can tell you.'
I looked at David and Cyril as I stretched my legs over David's thighs and rested my head on the other's lap. They were staring at each other trying to look as if this was a normal everyday occurrence. For my part I was enjoying the sensation of David's erection against my calf and the pressure of Cyril's growing cock pressing against my ear.
'I don't know whether Gerry had been setting me up to show more and more, but by now I was just following his instructions automatically. They had me positively writhing on the couch "give me those come-to-bed eyes".
I hooded my lids and sucked on the end of my forefinger as I pushed my head back into Cyril's lap. David was making sure his cock was getting full benefit and I drew my leg across his groin repeatedly as I flipped one way then the other on my side.
'"On your knees and bury your head in those pillows".'
I breathed hard and hot onto the bulge Cyril was struggling to conceal as I pretended to do what I was asked using his thighs as the bed linen. This was moving into the territory on the surreal side of bizarre. I had to stifle a laugh as I thought about what I was doing. I gave Cyril's knob the gentlest of nips to help me do so.
Here I was, confessing to two men who were clearly having problems keeping their hands to themselves, a little adventure which I was making up as I went along. I clamped a hand over my pussy and grabbed a handful of boob using the excuse of following a request from Gerry. Both were demanding attention and I was finding it harder and harder to keep my breathing steady. Executive decision time: I was going to have to hurry this along. I flipped into a sitting position slowly stretching my thighs until they were pressed against each of my playmate's.
'As you can imagine, the longer this went on the more, um, excitable I was getting. Gerry had to tell me to get my hand out of my knickers. I could have sworn he'd asked me to do it in the first place.'
I moved my hand into position and managed to administer a swift massage to my aching clit before whipping it back out with a genuine moan.
'Of course, things weren't helped by the fact that Paul had to keep adjusting the line of my bra, panties and stockings.'
I waited for a moment.
'I think perhaps you two could take on that role if you were willing.'
To say there was a scramble would be an understatement.
'You're sure about this?'
'Bit late to be asking that isn't it Cyril?'
Four hands were hovering over my body. But neither of them seemed to want to make the first move.
'Gerry didn't want me breaking the poses to adjust my clothing myself. Paul would come over the just run a finger inside the gusset, for instance, to make sure my pussy was completely covered all the time.'
I took one of David's hands and drew it down to the edge of my panties. He just plucked at the edge of the lace until I took a firm hold of the seam, pulled it taut and nodded his hand inside. Cyril needed similar encouragement to do more than give the gentlest of strokes to my skin close to the edges of the two cups. Boys will be boys and there are times when that's nothing but a good thing. Cyril had soon curled his forefingers down over my nipples and seemed to be using them to conduct an orchestra playing in his own head. I could feel a warmth seeping down to my belly and intermittent sparks tingle through the rest of me.
I had a hand clamped over my clit and was pressing down as surreptitiously as possible with my middle finger. Ostensibly this was to stop David shoving his whole hand inside my knickers. Not that he was anything other than a gentleman.
'It's quite hard to straighten these out when they'd so damp, isn't it?'
'Try harder.'
'Maybe if I?'
He started smoothing two fingers over my labia and seemed, quite seriously, to be trying to disguise the resulting camel toe. When I realised I was biting my bottom lip, always a sign I was close to needing some assiduous penetration, I thought it best to bring this part of playtime to a close.
I struggled into a sitting position between my two beaus. We all took a moment to adjust clothes, straighten hair and, in their case, ease the pressure the material of their trousers was causing in their groin areas. They were looking at me expectantly.
'You're waiting to find out what happened next.'
Of course, sounds like things were warming up somewhat.'
Cyril laughed at the diffident way David made his observation.
'Well.'
I took a moment to make more unnecessary adjustments to my bra straps and speculate inwardly how long they would be able to hold in the simultaneous deep breaths they had taken when I spoke. It was less than a minute before they started to splutter.
'You could say there was a misunderstanding.'
'Uh?'
'As you've seen I wassomewhat warm.'
I smiled at David as I mimicked his tone.
'I'd also had a bit of a shock.'
Their faces immediately took on masks of concern. I copied their expressions.
'Yes. It was shocking. Paul was standing behind me at one point bigging up my hair when I felt something uncomfortably large nudging my back.'
There was no change in their faces as I invited them to guess what I was alluding to. Neither of them took up the challenge.
'He had an erection the size of the Eiffel Tower. It settled any questions about his sexuality.'
I had to continue over the laughter.
'That pushed my internal thermostat fromsomewhat warmto.
I pretended to mop my brow.
'Gerry said afterwards he'd told me to lie back and give the impression that whoever was fantasising about me "might be in luck".'
I smoothed down my hair coyly.
'I swear that what he actually said was that they'd be "in for a fuck".'
I threw myself sideways over David's lap and spread my legs wide so that one was hooked around Cyril's shoulders while the other foot was on the floor. I pulled my bottom lip down again in mock innocence.
'It was a reflex action. Honest. I just wanted to do as I was told.'
David's hands had already moved down over my tits and Cyril was tentatively stroking the inside of my thigh.
'Perfectly understandable. The two words are so similar. Anyone could have made the same mistake.'
David squeezed my left boob to emphasise his point. The resulting shiver made me push my bottom harder against Cyril's hip. I suppose it might have been the sudden movement which made his hand slip down over my pussy. He didn't move it back, I noticed.
'That's when Gerry said he thought he'd got enough pictures and perhaps we should bring things to a close.'
There were audible groans from all three of us. The two men's faces were pictures of dismay. I moaned because they both strengthened their grips on my boobs and pussy as if preparing to fight off attempts to take their favourite toys away. The waves of pleasure from my groin and chest crashed against each other somewhere in the region of my upper abdomen. I closed my eyes and enjoyed the sensation.
'So that was it?'
'I say, rather a comedown old girl.'
Cyril emphasised his disappointment by tapping his fingers gently on my damp gusset. I gritted my teeth and struggled into an upright position forcing them to disengage their hands. We all let out deep sighs. I nodded.
'He unscrewed the camera from its tripod and went to one of the others which was holding a light. He stopped just as he was about to switch it off.'
David chuckled. Cyril looked confused. I winked at David.
'"Course," he said, "If you wanted to earn another hundred."'
I crossed my legs and started toying with my hair again. David elbowed me none-too-gently in the ribs. His friend was still looking baffled.
'Stop teasing poor Cyril. We'll match their price. Just finish the tale, we both know where it's going.'
'I don't.'
Cyril started looking cross when David and I burst out laughing. I leaned across and kissed him on the cheek to mollify him. I stood up and backed against the low table before continuing.
'He want more explicit shots. You know, complete nudity.'
I stripped off my bra and panties as I explained and was hooking the sodden knickers over the heels of my shoes before the light of comprehension went on in Cyril's gin-addled brain.
'Oh I say.'
'They had me out of my undies as soon as I saidyes.'
I dropped the panties onto Cyril's lap. He picked them up gingerly and tentatively raised them to his nose inhaling deeply.
'La parfum d'amour.'
He closed his eyes clearly remembering other days. David and I shared a condescending grin while we waited for him to return to the present.
'I was still coming to terms with the realisation that Paul wasn't gay and just followed Gerry's instructions. I don't know where the dildo came from.'
I struck a series of provocative poses as I was speaking: pushing my boobs together; bending over with my butt towards them and then slowly placed one of my hands between my legs and drew my middle finger down the length of my quim. Cyril croaked.
'Dildo?'
'You know, the oldfemale-fun-stick?'
I could see a light of recognition go on in Cyril's eyes.
'Paul sort of dangled it in front of my face. Gerry instructed me to make like I was going to suck it off.'
David let out a little giggle and in a reflex action covered his mouth with his hand. Cyril went back to looking confused. TIme, I thought, for a practical demonstration.
The beer bottle was the nearest suitable prop to hand. He continued to look blankly at me as I picked it up and began mock-fellating the stem. It was cold as I gripped it with my lips. But hard. I closed my eyes and imagined something warmer and thicker as I slid my mouth down to where the neck widened, holding it there for an instant before slowly pulling it out. I opened my eyes as the rim slid out between my lips with an audible pop. I giggled.
'You two look like tweedledee and tweedledum.'
They were sitting with thighs apart, hands on knees, mouths open and eyes bulging.
'You want more?'
I groaned and took the bottle back into my mouth, this time keeping my eyes on my audience. Their looks of somewhere between shock and excitement egged me on and I was soon giving that pale ale the time of its short life. It shone with a sheen of my spittle as I licked it's whole length. My sighs and moans would have made a professional porn star green with envy. The two of them kept their eyes on me virtually the whole time, only occasionally casting surreptitious glances at the other as if to check they weren't imagining it. I could have kept it up for ages if I hadn't made my mock-dildo come.
It was overconfidence that did it. That and not checking that the bottle was completely empty before starting my performance. When I jerked my head back with the stem so far in that my lips were stretched over the base part of the container, my throat was suddenly filled with warm, bubbly liquid. I suppose it was the shock that made me cough rather than swallow. Most of the beer sprayed out of my mouth, but a fair bit found passage through my nostrils. Any vestige of decorum I had managed to display whilst performing the blow job on a beer bottle - not that much I'll grant you - was completely lost as I almost doubled over gasping for breath. My audience thought it was hilarious.
'Never seen a girl spit and swallow at the same time.'
I glared at David, still unable to speak. Cyril, bless him, at least tried to look concerned. He tugged a handkerchief out of his top pocket and held it tentatively towards me. I took it gratefully and dabbed at the stream of beer which had run between my breasts and the bubbles which covered my thighs. I cleared my throat. I knew my face was burning: from choking, not embarrassment you understand. The two of them immediately composed themselves and looked at me expectantly for the story to continue.
'Did you know there's an old tradition in the smutty photographs game?'
'No. I can't say it's an area of business endeavour I'm at all familiar with.'
David looked genuinely frank as he spoke. Cyril had gone back to just looking confused. I cleared my throat again and swallowed the last traces of the beer.
'Yes. Apparently there are expectations of certainextras.'
'Really?'
'Depending on the type of shoot, of course.'
I nodded to underline the serious face I had at last managed to compose. I picked up the bottle and tipped it back again to make sure it was completely empty. I shuffled back slightly on the coffee table, opened my thighs and placed it between my legs. I turned it slightly as if trying to get the positioning of the label just-so before raising my eyes innocently to them again. We looked at each other for a long minute, them waiting for me to go on and me just staring back with a slight grin. Make 'em work for it, I was telling myself. David broke first.
'So are you going to tell us what they are?'
'Sorry? What?'
He grinned.
'Don't start playing hard to get with us girlie. You know very well I'm talking about theexpectations.'
He paused slightly before adding extra emphasis to the last word. I shook my hair out and got another strong waft of ale. It really had gone everywhere. I leaned forward and placed a hand on each man's knee before looking up at them conspiratorially.
'According to the unwritten lore of the studio. And I'm only reporting what Gerry told me, you understand. When a girl signs on for a glamour shoot, you know lingerie, swimsuits and the like.'
David was frowning, clearly frustrated by my prevarications. Cyril had gone back to goggle-eyes and open-mouth mode. He wouldn't have looked out of place on a fishmongers slab. I dropped my eyes innocently.
'It's expected that she'll give the photographer a blow job in the dressing room afterwards while the assistant looks on from the door. You can imagine how shocked I was when he told me.'
I took my hand off David's knee and held it over my face.
'Of course, by that time I'd done more than just girlie snaps.'
I let out an almost regretful sigh.
'A lot more.'
I put my hand back on David's leg and slid both of them up the inside of their thighs. I felt Cyril wince.
'Go on.'
'Well, and. I repeat, I only have Gerry's word for this, after the moreadvancedsessions the stakes are higher.'
I paused again and looked around as if for something to drink.
'Come on Monique. Stop teasing. Tell us what you did.'
David sounded playful but Cyril shot him a disapproving stare.
'Manners.'
I think we were both taken aback and trying not to laugh at the same time. I smiled at Cyril and pushed my hand up over his cock giving it a friendly tweak.
'Quite right Cyril. Ladies present and all that. So after a fully-nude shoot it's a blow job for the assistant and the photographer gets to have his wicked way with the model. Apparently. So they told me anyway.'
I sort of petered out having rushed through the first part of my explanation and leaving a long gap between the last couple of sentences. Cyril was clearly nonplussed as he processed what he had heard. That could, of course, have had something to do with the fact that I was still squeezing him through his military twills. David twigged straight away and looked expectant. He was just waiting for a signal that he could get on with the action. I leaned back and tried to keep my face straight as I looked from one to the other.
Cyril was going to take some time getting on the same page. He looked repeatedly from my face, then at David, then down at my hand as I massaged his dick. It was remarkably responsive given the amount of alcohol he had taken on board. He opened his mouth a couple of times as if about to speak, then closed it again. Could have been confusion, I suppose, but I think he was just too embarrassed to ask the obvious. David had no such qualms.
'Bagsy I'm the photographer.'
He leaned forward and started untying his laces. I knelt down to retrieve the condoms and discovered the bottle of oil. I held it up and shook if to get David's attention. He grinned broadly and nodded eagerly.
'All in the spirit of authenticity, eh?'
I laughed and tossed him a condom. It was only then that we both realised Cyril hadn't moved. He was looking a little shell shocked.
'Come on, kit off Cyril. Time for action and all that.'
I clapped my hands. My boobs were tingling and my pussy had left a small sticky pool on the coffee table when I stood. I hadn't realised just how much I'd been turning myself on as I fantasised.
'Chop, chop. Time for inspection. Let's get your old soldier standing to attention.'
Cyril still hadn't moved.
'Give your helmet a good polish?'
'She wants to suck you off, old man. Unless you'd just rather watch, of course.'
David looked and sounded sympathetic and had stopped unbuttoning his shirt as he spoke. Maybe it was the tone, but suddenly Cyril seemed to snap awake. There was a tiny ring as one of his shirt buttons popped off and hit an empty glass. It didn't stop him tugging eagerly at the others.
'Rather. Good show. Haven't had a decent gobble since I don't remember when.'
He had managed to stand and was pulling hard at his shirt sleeves, having forgotten to undo the cuffs before trying to get it off.
'There was that time in the early two thousands. Oman I think it was. Over there advising their military chaps. All a bit hush hush.'
'Perhaps we could save the reminiscences for later? Over dinner?'
David was sitting down again taking off his trousers. Cyril, having torn off his shirt at a cost of more buttons, was now hopping on one leg as he tried to extract the other without taking off his shoe. David stood up and, after carefully laying his neatly suit trousers over the back of the sofa pushed Cyril down and started helping him with his footwear. I had to turn my back on them to stifle a fit of giggles and busied myself massaging the lavender and vanilla scented oil into my skin. It gave me a good opportunity to play with my boobs and free my clit from the protective sheath of my labia. A few circles with my forefinger and I almost lost it. I could feel my stomach tense and the familiar combination of warmth and electricity begin building.
'Damned things.'
Cyril was bouncing himself up and down on the sofa while at the same time tugging at the whitest pair of Y-fronts I'd seen in a long while. His belly was wobbling in time with his movements and he still had his socks and vest on. David meanwhile was in the final stages of rolling the johnnie down over his penis. He too had turned his back on Cyril, no doubt for the same reasons as I had.
Being a charitable soul, I took pity on the poor soldier and bent over to give him some assistance.
'Here, let me give you a hand.'
Not the most provocative thing I'd said that afternoon, but to David it acted like a starting gun. I'd bent over from the waist so I guess the view might have helped, and the next thing I knew I had been shoved forward by the force of a stiff dick sliding between my oiled pussy lips with the full weight of a randy pensioner behind it. I had to steady myself with a hand on Cyril's shoulder. The other was already on the waistband of his tidy whites. The momentum of David's initial thrust meant my head was now hovering over Cyril's crotch, a couple of inches from his priapic member.
I'd rehearsed in my head a graphic climax to my tale, mostly while diddling myself as I oiled. It definitely included getting rogered until I was screaming; there were bucket loads of sperm involved as well as one or two innovative uses of the dildo I had slipped into the story. I had been seriously considering fucking myself with the beer bottle to entertain the pair should the opportunity present itself.
In reality there was none of that. David was insatiable. He held me tightly by the hips as he went at my pussy like he was a boy losing his virginity. I had to shuffle my legs apart both to keep some sort of stability and ease his pleasure. I must have looked like an old-time charleston dancer as I heeled-and-toed my feet apart. You should try it in stilettos sometime. I was lucky not to fracture an ankle.
Meanwhile on the sofa, Cyril had clearly sensed the proximity of my mouth to his willy and got it into his gin-addled brain that he was all set for the main event. I felt a heavy hand on the back of my skull as he pushed me down over his pants-sheathed-prick and held it there firmly. I had to struggle to get it free of the thick material. When I did, it sprang up and jabbed me in the eye as I was concentrating on trying to get the underwear down over his tight balls. I grabbed them hard with my free hand - the other was still bearing my weight against his shoulder - which, in the circumstances, was the smart move to make. The shock caused him to straighten up in his seat and I took my chance and sealed my lips around his red hot pole.
And just as I was, at last, thinking I had gained a modicum of control, it was all over. I felt David's hands squeeze tighter before he lost his grip altogether and they started to slide down the outside of my thighs. His erection pulsed against the walls of my pussy and he let out simultaneous grunts - I counted five, there could have been more. The last weak spasm was accompanied by a long slow exhalation. If I didn't know him better I would have sworn he was sayingfuuuuck. That was certainly what I was going to tell him he'd said when I gave him his feedback on the excellent progress into filthiness we had made that afternoon.
'Ah, ah, ah, ah, Annabelle.'
Was the only sound Cyril made as he squirted thick, gooey cum into my mouth at the same time as David was losing his into the condom. I tightened my lips so as not to lose any of it and swallowed ass soon as he had finished. There was a distinct flavour of juniper berries in my mouth when I cleaned my lips with my tongue.
I stood stock still as the pair disengaged. Cyril just slumped further back in the forgiving cushions of the settee. His dick made a quiet kissing sound as it slid out from between my lips. I don't know what happened with David. He must have performed a pirouette worthy of a diving, Premiership footballer intent on a penalty as he somehow managed to twist himself out of me and stumble his bottom onto the sofa in a single, seamless move.
I stood up, straightened my back with both palms against my spine and smiled down at my clients. I needn't have bothered. They both had their eyes closed and gormless-looking grins on their faces. Cyril was a picture. Sitting there still in his vest, both his arms lay lifeless and palms-upwards on his pasty white thighs which themselves were clamped together by the strong elastic of the Y-fronts' waistband about half-way to his knees. With his socks still smartly stretched to mid-calf, his vest barely creased and his penis losing turgidity as it retreated beneath his belly, he could have been the poster-boy for male chauvinist piggery. Indeed, so perfect a sight was it that if his disarming loneliness and vulnerability hadn't changed my initial impression of him a phone-snapped image would have been all over the internet by nightfall.
David was only slightly more composed. His eyes opened as I disengaged the sagging condom, but there was little evidence of life behind his stare. They followed me mechanically as I deposited the knotted prophylactic in a waste bin and began tidying the glasses and bottles onto the bar. I had no idea when his housekeeper would next be here, but I was certain David would be mortified if she discovered the place looking like a bunch of teenagers had been using it.
I put on my bra but then on a whim decided to go home commando. I stuffed my still-damp panties into a pocket of Cyril's concertinaed trousers as a souvenir. I kissed the still-comatose man on the forehead leaving a red, lipstick bow to match the smears on his wedding tackle. David started to stir as I took a last look round the room and begin to make for the door. With the help of the sofa's arm he managed to half-raise himself.
'No. You stay where you are. The rest of my things are in the hall. I can see myself out.'
'Nghhh.'
Funny. I was about to say the same thing myself.'
He grimaced in reply as he watched my bottom make for the exit. I exaggerated my strut as a final encore, trying, but failing to suppress a laugh at my own joke. David's consciousness might be returning, but speech hadn't yet joined it.
My jumper was already sticking to my oily skin and I was easing my legs gingerly into my slacks when an altogether more composed David emerged. Granted he was barefoot, but his trousers were still immaculately creased and all the buttons on his shirt were fastened in the correct holes. He had even managed to loosely knot his tie around his neck. He closed the door gently behind him, came over and took me in his arms.
Thank you for that. You were... well, what can I say? I'm lost in admiration.'
'Expensive.'
'What?'
'You could say I was expensive.'
I winked at him just in case he thought I wasn't joking. He was still looking a little groggy.
'Do you think Cyril enjoyed himself?'
'Indubitably. I doubt I'll ever get him to go home.'
'High praise indeed.'
I stood on tiptoes to kiss his cheek. I'd slipped off my heels and put on my flats to drive home in.
'You're going to have to get him a photograph somehow, you realise?'
'Don't worry. I've got loads of studio-quality glamour ones. Tell him I'll bring you one over next week and you can post it on to him.'
He looked a little shocked. I assumed he was speculating as to where and how I had acquired pin-up shots of myself. I was not about to tell him about my escapades with one of Nigel's friends and his camera. That could be saved for another day.
'I certainly will not.'
I was taken aback.
'It's OK. They're pretty tame. I'll sign itMonique. I don't mind, really.'
He laughed.
'It's not that. If Cyril gets any inkling that Tuesdays are a regular thing, I'll never get rid of him.'
We started to laugh and then simultaneously clamped our hands to our mouths not wanting to wake the man in the other room. We walked quietly to the door where we kissed. Properly this time.
'You are almost a very filthy man.'
'And the credit's all yours.'
'Same time next week?'
'Of course. I'll transfer your fee when I've made sure Cyril's still alive. He'll want to make sure you get that substantial tip.'
I kissed him again and let myself out. I was running late, but still managed a stop at the last high-class butcher in town. Howard was getting rare steak for his dinner whether he liked it or not. He was going to need it. I was getting a thorough seeing-to from him even if I had to throw him a freebie to get it.