None of this has happened yet.
It was being called the "second new normal." A vaccine hadn't been developed yet, but the first wave of the virus had run its course, and people were starting to go out again, albeit mostly still keeping their distance. It was the blood test was the real game-changer.
The test was for the presence of the antibody. If you had the antibody (and weren't currently sick), then you had been exposed to the virus and recovered, and were now immune. There was a lot of good science behind that assertion: you weren't just probably immune; you were immune. Knowing who was immune was key to the second new normal -- those that were immune were free to go about business as usual; those that weren't knew that they still had to be careful. Across Canada, about 85% of the population had been tested so far, and of those, about 30% were found to have the antibody.
The antibody was properly known as ncov-spike Ig-A -- or novel coronavirus spike immunoglobin-A, but people were just calling it spike. Spike-positive folks had immunity; spike negative had to be careful. Apparently "spike-positive" and "spike-negative" were too long to say, so people began labelling themselves as "spike-plus" and "spike-minus."
Some businesses had started to cater to the two groups separately. Bars and restaurants started with spike-plus nights -- business as usual for spike-plus patrons and staff. Other nights were spike-minus nights: open, but with reduced capacity and extra precautions to keep everybody safe. Although it was safe for spike-plus patrons to mingle with spike-minuses, they generally kept away so as not to limit the availability to spike-pluses.
My wife Sarah and I were both spike-plus. I had gotten quite sick, but did not need hospitalization. Contact-tracing was well-developed: we found out I had contracted the virus from Sarah (who had developed little more than a sore throat). Sarah had caught the virus while grocery shopping, from an asymptomatic fellow-shopper.
Last year, back in the "old-normal", Sarah and I had visited what can best be described as a sex club, in downtown Toronto, to celebrate our 25th wedding anniversary. I won't name it, but the club is a body-positive adult playground: it has a hot tub, outdoor patio and swimming pool, dance floor, playrooms and a bar. We had never, ever been to anyplace like this before, but we were amazed at how comfortable we were -- wandering around the club naked -- and how much fun we had. We didn't engage in sex with anybody else, but we did meet some wonderful people and thoroughly enjoyed having sex with each other in plain view of whoever wanted to watch.
Now, in the second new-normal, Sarah and I were eager to return to the club. They had re-opened about a month ago, and they had both spike-plus days, in which they operated business-as-usual, and spike-minus days, in which they operated at about 30% capacity, and people were encouraged to "play with your mate, watch and be watched, but avoid close encounters with new friends".
We picked a spike-plus day to return. At the entrance to the club was a new sign: "NOTICE. For admission to the club, government-issued ID is required. We will record your name and contact information, and release it to public health authorities upon request." Sarah and I looked at each other and nodded. This seemed like a responsible policy. We proceeded to the admissions desk and presented our IDs and payment. I asked the clerk if the new policy deterred many people. She replied that it hadn't, which made sense to me as this club was not some sleazy, back-alley dive, where people sneak in and out, afraid to be seen.
We proceeded to the locker room, took off our clothes, hung our towels around our necks, and headed over to the pool. Generally, towels are all that people wear at the club, although some women wear skimpy (I mean really skimpy) bathing suits or lingerie. Many wear the towels around their waists or bodies, but Sarah and I are comfortable without that level of cover-up.
Let me tell you a bit more about us. I am 60 years old, with a fairly lean body. I work out regularly -- more to keep fit and healthy than to develop bulging muscles. I enjoy running and cycling, and my workout routines are designed to maintain my fitness for that. I'm not tall -- five and a half feet -- and although I don't have six-pack abs, neither do I have a paunch. Sarah is 55. She is about an inch taller than me, and a bit heavier than me, but by no means overweight.
At the pool, we hung up our towels. I said to Sarah "look at this!" and gestured down to my crotch. I had as good a hard-on as I ever get! My circumcised cock is about six inches long when hard and sticks mostly straight up. Both Sarah and I keep our genitals fully shaved. Although I suspect some men might be embarrassed to be walking around with an erection, I certainly wasn't. I was excited to be here, amongst all these beautiful naked people, and I didn't care who knew it.
And when I say "beautiful naked people", I happen to believe that any person, no matter what their body type, who is naked and comfortable with their own body, is beautiful. This is the body-positive image promoted by club, and from what I have seen, everybody is comfortable with their own body.
There were about 30 people around the pool, about an even mix of men and women. While all of the people in the pool were naked, many of the folks lounging about on the deck had a towel around their waist or chest.
Sarah and I entered the pool. There is something about going into the water naked that just feels right. There's no awkward sensation of the swimwear getting wet, or holding in air bubbles, or needing readjustment. We each grabbed a pool noodle for flotation, sat on it, and floated about the pool, using our hands for propulsion. We were both very relaxed, and slowly drifted away from each other. I noticed Sarah was in a conversation with some man, but I was too far away to hear what they were talking about.
I looked to my right, and found that I had drifted towards an apparently single woman, standing near the edge of the pool. She seemed to be about 40 years old or so (a young woman!), with blonde hair and a not-skinny body. She was beautiful.
"Ah, this is fabulous," I said to her. "This is only the second time my wife and I have been here. We've been looking forward to getting back here for quite some time, but..." I trailed off, as I then noticed that she was wearing a red wristband. The club provides red or green wristbands for anyone to wear: red means that the person is not interested in being approached for sex, and should generally be left alone, while a green wristband means that the person will welcome an approach.
"I'm sorry," I continued, "I didn't notice the wristband. Excuse me."
She looked down at her wrist as if she hadn't been aware of it either. "Oh, that's alright," she said with a smile. "I put that on out of habit. If I wasn't so shy, I would have started a conversation with you anyway."
I didn't think that this naked woman's assertion that she was shy was in any way ironic. Being naked and initiating a conversation with a stranger are two entirely different things. Now it was up to me to continue the conversation.
"My name's Roger," I said. "Nice to meet you. As I said, this is only our second time here, but I take it you come here somewhat frequently?"
"I'm Natasha. Yes, I used to come here about once a month. But this is my first time back since before the pandemic. Your first time must have been enjoyable. Do you mind my asking -- what was it about your first time here that made you want to come back?"
This was not a place for secrets. "Well," I replied, "we didn't know what to expect or how we'd feel, but we were really surprised at just how comfortable we felt here, being naked with other people and enjoying ourselves. We didn't come here looking to have sex with other people, and we didn't. We weren't ready for that." I thought back to that first time... "although we both met people that we could have had sex with. We did wind up having sex with each other -- twice -- I don't think anybody was really watching us, but we were doing it in public areas, and that sure increased our fun."
My dick had started to lose some of its hardness while I was floating around in the pool, but the memories of the last time, and talking about it with a beautiful naked woman, was getting me hard again. I don't know if Natasha noticed it under the water or not, but we certainly weren't avoiding looking at each other, so she might have. In fact, I hoped she did.
"Nice," Natasha said. "So, for this visit... have you refined your expectations?"
"Well, we haven't ruled out sex with other people on this visit, but, if it happens, we want to be able to watch each other. We still have a mutual-veto agreement: either of us can decide that it's time to go, any time and for any reason. Or for no reason."
"That's nice," she said. "You two seem to have a great relationship." At this, she started to look a little -- not quite sad, but down, just a bit.
"Are you OK?" I asked.
"Yeah, it's just this whole covid thing. So many lives lost, so much hardship. On relationships." She wiped away tears from her eyes.
I hesitated. I knew what I wanted to say, but I wasn't sure how she'd take it. I said it anyway. "Do you want a hug?" I asked.
She looked at me, her face was half-sad/half-smile. "Yeah," she said. "I think I do."
We hugged there in the pool. A close, full-body, naked hug, each of us with arms around each other's back, and we stood there in silence for about half a minute. I felt her grip start to loosen; I loosened mine, and we took half a step back from each other.
Since I have been reporting on the state of my erection (or not) throughout this story, I'll interject here that although I felt warmth and tenderness towards this naked woman, and I felt her bare breasts against my chest, and our legs up against each other, my erection had subsided. I was by no means soft, but neither was I poking her in the stomach.
"Thanks," she said. "I'm good now."
Although she said it, her face told a different story. I could see conflicted emotions as she was trying to hold herself together, and probably bringing up some memories.
"Are you sure?" I asked, looking her in the eyes as they started to well up again.
"No," she said, as she grabbed for me once again, this time starting to sob. "I'm sorry," she said through the sobs.
"No," I said, "there's nothing to be sorry about. The world has been going through something that we weren't prepared for, physically or emotionally, There's nothing wrong with the way you're feeling right now -- it's a perfectly natural reaction to a completely unnatural situation."
She sobbed uncontrollably into my shoulder, and I started to cry with her. As we held each other I could see out of the corner of my eye my wife Sarah floating over toward us. We exchanged eye contact -- it's OK was my message, and she just stayed close by, quiet, letting us work through the moment.
(Erection report: still no.)
After a few more minutes, the sobs decreased, then Natasha gave a big inhale, followed by a big exhale, let go of me, and took half a step back.
"Thank you," she said, "I needed that. I am good now. Thank you."
I could see by the look on her face that she had indeed worked through her sorrow and grief. She even had half a smile. Her gaze turned towards my wife, still close by, and still looking concerned.
"This is my wife, Sarah," I introduced her. "And this young lady is Natasha."
"Hi," said Sarah. "Feeling better?"
"Yes," said Natasha, "a lot better. I needed that. I didn't know I needed that, but I needed that." Then she let out a bit of a laugh. "That wasn't exactly the release I was looking for when I came here today."
Sarah spoke up. "I'm so glad Roger was here for you."
"So, if I may ask, what release were you expecting today?" I asked with a smile.
"Roger!" Sarah gave me a slap on the shoulder.
"That's OK," Natasha said. "Roger told me about your first visit here, and I don't mind the question. I like to masturbate when I'm here. I often come here to the pool first, and admire the many naked men and women here. I let my mind wander, thinking about what we could do with each other. When I'm sufficiently horny, I'll usually go inside to one of the play-rooms, and get myself off. Like you two, I love exposing myself like that where anybody can see and watch me."
That caught me for a moment; I was thinking of various replies when Sarah spoke up.
"Nice," she said. "Who have you been looking at?"
"Well, I couldn't help but notice Roger when he got into the pool." (Was she talking about my erection?) "And that gentleman you were talking to Sarah... and then there's that guy over there." Without pointing, she indicated a well-built young man sitting on the edge of the pool, with what even I thought was a nice-looking cock.
Sarah and Natasha went back and forth like that for a few minutes, discretely checking out the men (and some of the women) in and around the pool. They had the decency to bring the discussion back to me every once in a while, Sarah rubbing her hands over my shoulders and arms.
(Erection report: oh yeah.)
And then Sarah asked, "tell me, are you getting to the point where you want to go to one of the playrooms for some release?"
Natasha -- with a delightful smile -- said, "yeah, I think I am."
"Well, Roger would love to watch that." Sarah knows me so well. "Would that be OK?"
"Yeah, I'd like that too," she replied. "Let's go."
Natasha started for the pool steps, and Sarah and I followed. This was my first chance to see Natasha fully, and she truly looked delightful. So did Sarah, of course. We dired off, put our towels over our shoulders, and walked inside and up the stairs to one of the playrooms. We found one that was empty -- it had two vinyl-covered benches along opposite sides of the room. The room wasn't really wide, so there was only about a one or two metre gap between the benches. Natasha spread out her towel and sat on one side, Sarah and I sat on the other.
Natasha brought her feet up on the bench exposing her vagina -- she kept it neatly trimmed, but not shaved. One hand started gently stroking the outside of her pussy, the other hand went to her breasts, playing with her nipples. She looked so sexy, playing with herself like that, and she was looking straight at me.
Sarah nudged me. "You're enjoying this," she said.
"I am," I replied. My dick was fully at attention. "She's so sexy."
Natasha got up and crossed the room, and sat beside Natasha.
"Look at him," she said into her ear. "You've got him so turned on. He's probably afraid to even touch his dick because he'd just start cumming if he did." She had a point. "Look, his cock is dripping pre-cum." It was. "I'd bet you'd like to taste it wouldn't you? His pre-cum is so yummy. Roger, show Natasha how yummy your pre-cum tastes."
This was a game we sometimes played, when I was hard and dripping, Sarah would sometimes put a drop on her fingertip, and taste it. Then she would gather another drop off the tip of my dick and feed it to me. I don't think I ever fed it to myself before, but clearly this was what she had in mind. I grabbed my dick, scooped up a drop of pre-cum on my finger, held it up for both ladies to see, and put it in my mouth.
"Mmmmm," I said. I really was enjoying the taste.
"Oh, god, that's so hot," Natasha said, plunging her fingers into her pussy.
Sarah kept talking quietly into her ear, encouraging her. "Look at that nice hard dick, all wet for you, and you're so wet for him too, aren't you? I can hear your wetness as you move your fingers in and out. I bet it tastes great, too, doesn't it? Did I tell you Roger loves to lick my pussy? I bet he'd love to lick yours, too. Mmmm, he can make me cum so hard when he's licking me, sticking his tongue in and out of me."
Sarah's words were having an effect on all three of us. Natasha was moaning her approval, I was trying not to grab my cock and jerk off right there, and Sarah had started playing with her pussy, too.
"How does your pussy taste? Do you think Roger would like the taste of your pussy?"
At this, Natasha took her fingers out of her pussy, showing both of us the wetness, and then put her fingers in her mouth, licking off all her juices before plunging her fingers back in. She was moaning heavily and loudly now. There weren't any other people in the room with us, but there were several outside, and some stood in the doorway and watched Natasha's performance.
"Oh, yes, I'm cumming" she yelled. And she did, both hands were at her pussy now, one attacking from the inside, one rubbing on the outside. Her legs were shaking, her body was shaking, her face was ecstasy. She looked like she was cumming for about 30 seconds, then spams started to slow down and fade away. She leaned back against wall, spent.
"Oh, wow," she said, "that was awesome. Thank you"
"It was awesome to watch, too," I said. "And you're welcome. Anytime. I mean that, I could watch that again and again."
Natasha giggled. "I don't think I can do that again and again. But maybe again once, after a bit of a rest."
Me, I hadn't cum, but I was as hard and horny as ever. I was thinking about whether or not I should just jack off when Sarah leaned into Natasha again.
"You know," she said, "I meant what I said about Roger loving to lick pussy, and I really think he'd love to lick yours, wouldn't you Roger?"
I was shocked, amazed, and elated to hear this coming from Sarah. I stared at her, she had a big smile on her face, and she nodded at me, telling me it's OK.
"I'd love to lick your pussy," I said. "May I?"
"Are you sure it's alright?" Natasha asked, looking as Sarah.
"I'd love to watch Roger licking you and make you cum," my darling wife replied. "Come on, open up for him."
And with that Sarah gently grabbed Natasha's leg that was closest to her, and spread it wide. "Come on, Roger," she said, "you know you want to."
She was right: I did want to. I crossed the room, got down on my knees in front of Natasha, and placed my head between her legs. First, I rubbed my cheek against her inner thigh, enjoying the wetness from her orgasm. Then a lick, around the outside of her opening, then a tickle with my nose into her folds. Finally, a long lick, up her slit, lingering at her clitoris. I lifted my head slightly to look at her, she was looking down at me, a broad smile on her face. Sarah was looking down at me, also smiling, nodding her head at me to continue.
I grabbed Natasha by the butt cheeks, lowered my head and pulled myself into her, sticking my tongue in and out, and up and down. She was sooo wet: my chin was dripping with her juices. Natasha was moaning softly now, and I looked up again -- I just wanted to see her face. I was surprised and delighted to see that Natasha's left hand was on Sarah's right thigh. High on her thigh; next to her pussy. Sarah meanwhile was leaning into Natasha, nuzzling her neck with one hand over her shoulder and the other hand playing with Natasha's tits. I went back down between Natasha's thighs, and she lifted her legs, putting them up on my back, and gently squeezing my head between her thighs. I loved the feeling of her legs against my face as I stuck my tongue back in. She was gently rolling her hips from side to side, taking me with her. Once again, her moans became louder; she started rocking her hips forward and back, and her juices started running out of her as she orgasmed on my face.
Natasha released my head from her grip, and I slowly rose up from my kneeling position. I say slowly because I was only starting to realize that I had been down on my 60-year old knees for far too long: it took a few seconds for me to straighten them out. Sarah watched with amusement as I settled myself on the bench beside her.
"Knees giving out on you, old man?" she asked me. "That was awesome. You are such a good man." She leaned in to give me a kiss, obviously tasting Natasha on my lips and mouth. The kiss was long and deep; I think she was enjoying the taste as much as I had.
I looked over at Natasha. She was leaning back against wall, a happy smile on her face.
"You know what Roger really likes?" Sarah asked Natasha. "He loves it when he lies down and I basically sit on his face. He can really get his tongue into me then. He loves it when my juices run down his face. Then, after I cum, I fuck him. He sticks his cock deep into me, and I fuck him good."
Natasha, paying close attention to Sarah, started playing with her pussy again.
"Come on," Sarah said to me. "Lie down." And she helped me lie down on my back, my head next to Natasha.
"OK," she said to Natasha next, "get over here." And she directed Natasha to straddle my head, facing the top of my head. She lowered herself onto my face, and my tongue went to work once again. This time, Natasha's juices were flowing down onto my face and into my mouth, and I was loving it. From what I could tell, so was Natasha. She was grabbing my head with her hands, squeezing my face with her thighs, moaning loudly and shouting out an occasional "Yes!"
In the midst of this, I felt a hand on my prick. I couldn't see whose hand it was, but I assumed it was Sarah. Next I felt a condom being rolled down my dick. Then I heard Sarah.
"OK," she said. "You can fuck him now."
Natasha got up off my face, and knee-walked back to my hips. Sarah was holding my cock up, directing it inside Natasha. Natasha eased herself down onto my cock, letting out a long sigh as she did so. Her face was so content as she bounced up on top of me, her tits jiggling wonderfully. It was a beautiful sight. Then I looked over at Sarah. She had one hand deep inside her pussy, masturbating furiously. I could tell she was near orgasm and so was I. I had only been inside Natasha a short time, but I didn't feel bad about cumming quickly -- I had done my job.
Because I wanted everybody to know, I made my announcement: "Oh fuck, I'm cumming" I yelled. And I did. I could feel my cock spurting into the condom, as I gave a few final thrusts into Natasha. She was cumming yet again, at the same time as me. She gently collapsed on top of me, and kissed me deeply. As always when kissing after cunnilingus, my thoughts went to how well she was enjoying her own taste on my lips. Quite a bit, it seemed, as not only was her tongue going deep into my mouth, she was also licking my cheeks and chin.
Sarah then started moaning loader, and we looked over at her. She was furiously fucking herself with her fingers. "Oh, fuck," she yelled. "I'm cumming!" She shuddered with her own orgasm, the last of the three of us to orgasm. Then she started to relax, and pulled her wet, dripping fingers out of her pussy. She brought them up towards her mouth, but Natasha grabbed her by the wrist, and brought Sarah's fingers to her own mouth. The two women stared at each other as Natasha slowly licked each of Sarah's fingers, one by one putting them in her mouth, sucking them clean.
I brought my head back down onto the bench. I was done. My condom-covered dick, which had been hard for at least an hour, was finally softening. Natasha put her hand on my belly, slowly rubbing me back and forth above my cock. Then she grabbed my cock, and slowly pulled the condom off.
"I've tasted everybody except you," she said. And with that she lowered her head to my cock and gently took me into her mouth. "Mmmm," she moaned. She was licking the bit of cum that had remained on my cock after the condom came off, and probably got a few drops from the head.
"Lovely" she said, raising her head now and leaning in to give Sarah a deep kiss, sharing the taste of my cum between them. It would take a few minutes yet, but if any sight was going to bring cock back to life, that was going to be it.
Eventually, the two women broke off their kiss, and we all looked around. While we had been alone in the room at the start of this adventure, we saw that there were now two couples on the bench opposite us. I suppose they had been watching, but they were now both fully engaged with their partners. And two more men had been standing in the doorway. One had a hard-on, but the other one was suspiciously soft. I looked down at his feet and saw what looked like a puddle of cum there. I suppose he had masturbated while watching us. I couldn't blame him; I probably would have done the same.
The three of us sprayed the bench with cleaner, wiped it down, and headed out for a shower. After our shower, we headed back to the pool and relaxed, spending time both on the patio and in the pool. We didn't have any more encounters that day. After about an hour of recovery, Sarah and I got dressed and headed home, happy, relaxed, and looking forward to our next visit.