Little White Lies
Chapter 18
Dex
Tuesday night at The Double D...
He laughed as Bryce grinned at him, the two having just finished teasing and flirting with Toni.
"See what I mean?" Bryce asked. "You got what it takes."
"I appreciate that," Dex said with grin.
After watching Toni flirt at the other end of the bar for a bit, Dex took a sip of his beer and began to think back to the previous weekend.
Jessie appeared then and hastily put in a drink order before bouncing excitedly over and snuggling herself up in between the two.
"So, still getting along?" she asked, her expression mischievous.
To Dex it looked for a moment as if she wanted the two of them to fight over her or something.
"Of course," he said. "We've been screwing around with Toni a little bit."
"Just don't her fired, baby," she grinned.
"Well, notthatkind of screwing around," he clarified.
"That's good. You guys saving that for me?"
She turned and looked at Bryce pointedly.
"Hell yes," he said. "I can't wait to feel those lips on me again."
She bit her lip as she grinned at him, leaning over a bit as she stared for a few seconds.
Turning back, she looked at Dex and pouted a little. "So, are we going have some fun with your new friend and his girlfriend soon?"
"Hell yes," he said, turning to look at Bryce. "You wanna bring Alex over to my place sometime this week?"
"Sounds good," Bryce stated. "You off Friday sugar-tits?"
Jessie giggled and nodded.
"I think Alex is free then," he said. "That work for you, boss?"
Dex grinned and nodded. "We can probably still get away with some late evening swimming since the weather still isn't too bad, though I think I might need to convince my dad to invest in a hot tub."
"Ooo, I love that idea!" Jessie gushed.
She turned and looked at Bryce, then back at Dex.
"Something wrong, gorgeous?" Bryce asked.
She bit her lip playfully and sighed in a very exaggerated manner.
"I don't really want to have to wait until Friday to have both of you inside me, that's all." She looked back at Dex with a pouty expression. He nearly burst out laughing at her ridiculousness. "While I'm definitely looking forward to Friday night, I was hoping that the three of us might be able to have some funtonight."
"Oh really?"
He raised a single eyebrow at her as she wiggled in place, looking back and forth between the two men a few times. He definitely didn't hate the idea. His girlfriend was always fun, there was no doubt about that. But he'd also just spent the evening trying to be more confident and brash. Telling her no might be good exercise. He had a sudden thought, though, and grinned even wider.
"I think I'm about to head home," he said, drawing an immediate frown from her. "But," he added, her face brightening quickly, "my new friend here can certainly have some fun with you tonight if he wants."
He could see the arousal building in her eyes and in the way she was staring at him. He turned and looked at Bryce confidently and grinned, then looked back at Jessie.
"In fact, any time you or Bryce want to fool around, you're more than welcome to do so," he said. He turned to look at the other guy as he continued. "If you want to fuck her spoiled little brains out when you see her out with friends or something, you have my blessing to do just that. Just keep sending me pics if you do."
"Deal," Bryce said. "Same goes for you and Alex, my friend. You have my blessing as well."
The two men grinned at each other again, then briefly clasped hands.
Jessie hadn't said anything since his proclamation, and just continued to stare daggers of lust at him.
He chuckled and reached out to take her hand, then pulled her close. "I'm about to pay my tab and get out of here, okay?"
She nodded, still simmering with arousal.
"I love you," he said, leaning down and kissing her.
"I fucking love you," she practically growled at him.
He chuckled, then turned and gestured for Toni. "Can I get my tab?" he asked as she looked up at him and smiled.
"Aww... but youcan'tleave," Jessie pleaded.
"Don't worry gorgeous," Bryce said, drawing her lusty gaze back toward him. "I'm not leaving just yet. I'm thinking that I might have to take my guy here up on his generous offer.
Jessie's breathing got even heavier, her mouth hanging open slightly her eyes boring into his.
"Damn, she's on fire," Bryce said, smirking at Dex.
Dex handed Toni his card and smiled, then turned back to watch.
Bryce had moved one hand up and inside Jessie's top, but as Dex continued to observe, he slid it back out and down, then up between her legs. Jessie grunted, spreading her legs a little more and looked over at Dex, almost pleading.
"Night baby," he said, leaning over and kissing her cheek. "Bryce," he said, clapping him on the shoulder. "I'll see you and Alex Friday, if not sooner. Don't forget my pics."
"See you man," Bryce said, grinning at him for a moment. "I'll take care of your little vixen here."
Dex grinned and turned, taking his card back from Toni and adding a tip to the receipt before signing the bottom.
Turning, he left the bar and restaurant, smiling widely all the way to his truck.
Jessie texted him about thirty minutes after the restaurant closed to let him know that she'd made it back to her apartment.
"Yeah?" he sent back. "You alone?"
"Huh? No, Donna is here, and John was still working when I left."
"No, goofy, I was referring to Bryce."
"Oh, no, we just..."
She didn't finish the text, instead she sent, "Actually, I think I'll wait for him to send you a picture of what I did."
"Mmm... good girl," Dex replied.
"Thank you, baby," she sent. "I'm going to shower and go to bed. I'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?"
"Deal," he said. "Say hi to Donna and John for me."
"Will do, love you!" she finished.
After that, Dex took a shower and went to bed.
*****
Jessie
Bryce's fingers wiggled against her panties for a moment before he forced them aside and rubbed around for her clit. She watched Dex smile at her and wave before he left the bar, the very idea perplexing to her.
Why wouldn't he want to stay and watch her misbehave? He could've even joined in!
Bryce was rubbing her wetness around for a few seconds before he plunged a finger deeply inside. A few seconds later, he popped his finger out and brought it up to his own mouth.
"Mmm," he said. "Yummy."
She smirked at him, forcing herself to calm down.
"You better get back to your tables," he said, his voice deep and commanding.
"Mmm, probably," she said, sliding away. "Don't disappear on me."
He didn't respond, only winking as she took the drink that she'd put in for one of her tables and made her way back over to the nice couple that had ordered it.
Smiling sweetly at the two as she set it down, she went about making her rounds. She was going to head back over to the bar to flirt with Bryce some more but found that she was busy right up until close.
Finally finding a moment to head back over, she saw that he was gone. Frowning, she went back to her section and finished her closing duties, then went to gather her stuff from her locker.
Once she'd gotten it all together and stuffed into her bag, she grabbed her keys and phone finally going to clock out. John's loud voice could be heard easily throughout the kitchen and the other employee areas, but she didn't have time to go and deal with saying goodbye properly to him and all that would possibly entail.
Heading out the door, she smiled when she saw the truck that she'd seen Alex and Bryce fucking in previously, and Bryce himself standing in front of it.
She giggled excitedly, looking around briefly as he stood there waiting.
"Hey," he said simply.
"Mmm, do I approach the strange guy in the parking lot trying to look all cool and mysterious, or do I just go home? I think my momma warned me about situations like this."
Bryce laughed but didn't respond to her playful jab. Instead, he stood there staring, waiting for her. She smirked at him, thinking that she might just go home without sucking his cock and teach him a lesson! She keenly recalled Dex telling Bryce that he could "fuck her spoiled little brains out" whenever he wanted, though, and knew that her leaving just wasn't going to happen.
Tentatively, she started toward him, her heartbeat quickening as she approached and saw his smile widen.
"What's the matter?" he asked. "Are you afraid of me?"
She cocked her head at him as she approached, but then shook it "no".
"Good," he said, smiling his stupidly cute smile at her. "I might come off as a prick, but I'm a good guy."
"Oh?" she asked, stopping about a foot away from him. "Aren't I the one that's supposed to be the one to decide that? Besides, I don't think Alex would be dating you if you weren't."
"Fair enough."
He raised a single eyebrow at her.
She giggled at him and stepped over toward his truck. She heard his heavy footsteps following behind her, then felt him move in close, his arms moving around her shoulders as she stepped over to the driver's side door. Warm lips pushed against the nape of her neck, gentle brushstrokes against her skin every few seconds.
The tenderness of his lips gave her pause, and she had to steady herself on the door of his truck for a moment. Bryce wasn't finished though, and continued to decorate her neck with soft smooches and playful nibbles while his hands moved up and around her body and freed her breasts.
Fingers quickly found her nipples, pinching roughly and eliciting a gasp of surprise as she pressed both hands on the window of his truck. She felt herself pushing backward, the firmness of his erection easily noticeable against her rump as she endured his seduction.
"As much..." he stated, his lips only briefly pausing their quest to nibble and peck at every morsel of skin on her neck.
She groaned, forcing herself to wait for him to do what he wanted and not reach back to take his cock out. Dex had told Bryce thathecould have her whenhepleased, not the other way around.
She wasn't going to disappoint her boyfriend.
"...as I want..." Bryce continued, one of his nipple-pinching hands moving down to scrounge around in her panties for a few seconds before finding their way deeper, dragging along her trough and causing her to shake for a moment as pleasure course through her.
She quivered again a moment later when he found her clit and began to punish it delightfully, his fingers driving her arousal higher and higher.
"...to have you..."
She felt him move the persuasive digit away from her nub, then gasped in pleasure as he pushed inside her, easily making its way deeper and deeper, her arousal squelching rudely in its wake.
"...oh... fuck it..." he groaned.
She heard a zipper behind her and nearly cried out in anticipation.
The back door to the restaurant opened and closed as an unseen person left. The two of them looked up quickly, scrambling to put themselves back in order. Jessie saw a couple of the other waitresses leaving, murmuring quietly to each other and heading away from she and Bryce.
She looked back at him, smirking.
He sighed, and a moment later the two of them were laughing at the situation and their predicament.
"So... what was that you were saying?" she asked, turning around and looking up at him.
She glanced down briefly and saw his cock was still out, throbbing with intensity and bobbing up and down at her. She reached out and took it in her hand, squeezing and taking hold with the other as well.
"Well, I was going to tell you that I wasn't going to fuck you just yet, but you're too fucking sexy and I couldn't hold back."
"Aww..." she pouted. "That's kinda sweet."
"I mean, I'm still not going to fuck you," he shrugged. "At least until Friday."
"Well," she said, dropping her bag to the ground at her feet and sliding down to kneel down on top of it, "I guess I'll just have to try and take your mind off of it."
The bulbous, angry head slid between her lips and she sighed in happiness for a few seconds, clutching it safely just inside. She brought her hands back up to his length as she began to suck, stroking and looking up at him.
"Jesus," he grunted. "You're fucking good at that."
She winked at him without slowing her efforts, determined to make him cum. She thought that she was going to have to stop to remind him about taking a few pictures of her being dirty for Dex, but then he seemed to remember and pulled his phone out.
"Fuck... that's it gorgeous," he said, thrusting against her lips and pushing her head back against the door of his truck.
She felt the head of his cock pushing against the back of her throat, trying to push through. She fought to control her gag reflex but was just about to lose the battle when he relented and eased back.
"Good fucking girl," he praised, sending a jolt of pleasure racing through her at the words.
His free hand was hanging limply at his side while the other clutched at his phone, his hips thrusting in time with the bobbing of her head. He'd forced her hands out of the way when he'd tried deepthroating her a few moments earlier, so she slid them back around his shaft and resumed pumping. Her lips slid back and forth along a few inches of his cock, her hands grinding back and forth along the rest of it.
She continued to look up at him, waiting for him to raise his hands to the back of her head. She figured that he'd try that next, since he wasn't able to force his cock down her throat the other way.
As she'd expected, he did so a few strokes later, the free one sliding to the back of her head and starting to gently pull. She wriggled her head back and forth helpfully, forcing him as deep as she could, then tried to get him to slide completely inside.
It was no use, she figured. Just like Dex, he was too large to deepthroat her easily. She'd have to be in a much more relaxed state and laying down to be able to get him all the way.
He seemed to realize that it was a lost cause as well, his hand moving back to his side as she resumed working him over.
She heard him taking a picture every few seconds, glancing up to smile or wink as she stroked and sucked.
"Fucking hell you're good," he groaned, his head lolling back. "You're going to have to let me take over though, gorgeous. I'm going to cum all over that pretty little smile of yours and take a picture for Dex."
Jessie whimpered pitifully as the foulness of the thought drove her arousal to new heights.
"Fuck..." he groaned again, "too fucking good..."
She whimpered, wondering if he needed her to stop, but then cried out in surprise as warm, delicious, succulent cum flooded into her mouth. She quickened her strokes, latching her lips just around the crown of his cock as it pulsed again and again inside them.
Two, three, four times she swallowed before he finally slid free. Her tongue slathered out, drawing in more of his goo as she leaned forward and slurped at his cock head again.
"God..." he grunted, swaying backward.
She giggled when his cock popped free as he stumbled back a few steps.
Standing, she reached down and shouldered her bag, then ran her tongue along her lips to try and find any more remaining cum that had been missed.
He staggered in place a few more seconds before haphazardly trying to shove his cock back inside his jeans. She could have helped him, but it was funnier to just watch him struggle.
He seemed to recover pretty quickly though, and managed to get himself put away before anyone caught them.
"Jesus, thank you, sugar-tits," he said.
"As long as you got a good picture and send it to my boyfriend," she told him.
"Shit, count on it," he said, stepping close and leaning down to kiss her on the forehead. "See you Friday?"
"Count on it," she said, grinning at him before stepping to the side and moving around him.
Without another word, she left him standing there as she walked to her car, hopped in, and drove home.
***
Once back at her apartment, she parked and grabbed her bag before heading inside. Tossing it down just inside the door, she kicked it closed behind her and turned to see if Donna was home.
There was an empty bottle of wine on the kitchen table and a half-eaten plate of food, but no sign of her roommate and best friend. She briefly knelt and retrieved her phone from the bag, then stood to head to the bathroom to shower but saw Donna coming out of her room holding another bottle of wine, this one still having a little sloshing around in the bottom.
"You're not him."
Her tone was accusatory, and though she was swaying back and forth, her eyes managed to focus on Jessie as she gazed at her piercingly.
"Hi," Jessie said, smiling at her as she came over and almost tackled her in a sloppy hug. "Been drinking, have we?"
"Jush a smidgenen," Donna said, stumbling back. "Where's Deshk?"
"Deshk is at home," Jessie said, smirking at her.
This news caused Donna to stand still for a few seconds, then roll her eyes and turn completely around, almost smacking into the wall as she tried to make it back to her room.
Jessie sighed, shaking her head. She went to her room to text Dex and let him know that she was home safe and sound. After a brief messaging session with her man, she kicked off her shoes and work skirt, finishing by opening the tie on her top and letting both ends of it slip down. Turning, she stepped out of her room and glanced over at Donna's open doorway.
"Not tonight,"she said to herself.
She loved her roommate, but she didn't enjoy dealing with Donna when she wasthatdrunk.
She turned to head to the bathroom, feeling the stink of the day permeating her every pore and needing a shower to feel feminine again. She stepped through the door and flicked on the light before reaching in to turn the shower on.
The thunk of an empty wine bottle hitting the floor echoed from Donna's bedroom. Jessie glanced over as she hooked her fingers in her panties and pushed them down her hips, kicking them off as a louder, heavier thud followed the first.
Donna muttered something unintelligible. Jessie slid her top off as her roommate crawled into view. She made her way over to the bedroom door and pulled herself up, swaying as Jessie eyed her with mild irritation.
"Are you okay?" she called.
Donna nodded wildly, which caused her to lose her balance and forced her to lean into the door, causing it to bang against the wall with a thud.
She briefly thought about going and rendering aid, but Donna had done this to herself.
The sound of the door opening caused Jessie to breathe a sigh of relief. John was home and she knew that he'd take care of his girlfriend.
She reached in and felt the water, adjusted the temperature a bit, giving it a second before stepping in. John's footsteps stomped closer as she began to wash.
"Deshk?" Donna called out.
"No, dork," he called out. "What the hell? Been doing some drinkin' again?"
Donna said something that Jessie couldn't understand, and the rest of the conversation was lost as she began to try and get clean. After a relaxing twenty-minute shower, she hopped out and dried off, glancing over and seeing Donna's door closed.
Satisfied that Donna was in good hands, she went to her room and shut the door before climbing into bed.
*****
Dex
Wednesday at work, Dex began to wonder what would happen when he spoke to his boss again. He'd expected some kind of feedback from Chase, or maybe Nicole about the weekend, but he hadn't heard a peep. It made him a little uneasy. He began to question if there would be a new dynamic between the two. Would Chase get weird about things? Would Nicole? He didn't think that she would let her husband do something drastic like letting Dex go or anything, but he didn't know that for sure.
As for himself, he felt strangely empowered when he thought about his job. He figured that it probably had a lot to do with the fact that he'd spent the previous Saturday fucking the brains out of his supervisor's wife while he watched, but nothing was ever certain. Chase could very well have had some sort of breakdown after all the excitement had worn off and was waiting for him with a bat or something.
Just before lunch, he saw an email come in from Chase asking if Dex had time to come and discuss something. He immediately sent a response that he was on his way.
"Here we go," he said under his breath.
As he put himself on break and signed out of the call queue, he tried to convince himself that it wasn't a setup and that he wasn't about to be canned. He thought about how confident Bryce was in general and tried to summon some of whatever his new friend possessed to try and maintain his cool.
Stepping out of his cubicle, he headed back through the cube farm, through several other doors and up to Chase's office. Knocking quietly, he waited for his boss to call out for him to enter but was surprised when Nicole's smiling face peered out of the opened door.
"Hi," she said, winking at him.
"Uh, hey," he replied, eyeing her suspiciously.
"Come on in, man," Chase called out.
Dex smirked at Nicole as she backed up and opened the door a little more, but entered and took a seat opposite Chase.
"So, how are you?" Chase asked.
Dex chuckled quietly and looked at Nicole and then Chase in turn.
"I told you not to make it weird," she said after a few seconds.
"I asked how he was doing!" Chase said, raising hands.
"I'm sorry about him," she said, taking a seat half on the front part of her husband's desk.
Dex couldn't stop himself from admiring her shapely tanned legs as they appeared from beneath the skirt as it rode up a little. He stopped himself quickly though and looked up, half-smiling when he saw her giving him a knowing smirk.
"It's fine," Dex said quickly.
Chase cleared his throat, though Nicole didn't move. After a few seconds, he sighed and pushed his chair back and to one side so he could see around her.
"Obviously things have changed," Nicole said. "We just wanted you to know that nothing that's happened will affect your job, okay?"
He glanced over at Chase and caught him rolling his eyes and then looking at Nicole pointedly, then back at him as he shook his head. Dex smirked.
"I appreciate that," he said. "I didn't figure it had."
"I'm also not going to like... attack you," Nicole said. "I mean, like Vicky does."
"I didn't agree to that," Chase said pointedly. "I'd be fine with you bringing him in here and..."
"Shut up, honey," Nicole snapped, smiling at Dex. "What I'm saying is that it's not up to me, okay?"
Dex cocked his head at her curiously.
"Clearly my husband Chase doesn't understand that if a guy like you wants to do something to me, there's absolutely nothing that I, or more importantly, he, can do about it. If you were to yank me out of my office, drag me down here, and start fucking my brains out on my husband's desk, then by God, that's what will happen."
She turned and looked at Chase for a moment then back at Dex. "Right, dear?"
"Right," Chase said, sounding a little stressed.
"I mean, you could make me do anything you wanted and he wouldn't be able to do a thing about it. There would be no repercussion, jobwise, from him coming in and finding that you'd face-fucked me and left me a big, disgusting mess."
Dex chuckled easily to himself before looking at Chase and then Nicole.
"Guys," he began, but then raised an eyebrow as Nicole immediately moved off the desk and slid down to her knees in front of him. He sighed, briefly covering his face as Nicole reached up and began to unzip his zipper.
"Didn't you just say it was his choice?" Chase asked.
"Shut up!" Nicole snapped.
"Sorry, dear," he said quickly.
"Guys!" Dex said, laughing and standing up. "Listen, please."
Nicole frowned as Dex backed up, looking up at him and pouting as she knee-walked toward him.
"Nicole..." Dex said, though she was apparently ignoring him as she continued to try and unzip his pants.
"Do I have to ask permission?" she asked suddenly as she looked up, her expression weirdly excited and hopeful.
"Dude, just start fucking her face," Chase suggested.
"Oh, good idea honey!" Nicole said. She grinned, nodded, and quickly put her hands behind her back.
"Guys, this is crazy," Dex protested.
A big part of him just wanted to say, "screw it" and pull his dick out. She clearly wanted it, as did her husband. But deep down, Dex knew that it could definitely complicate things.
"Fuck her face, fuck her face, fuck her face!" Chase started to chant.
"Look, I'm flattered, I really am," he said. "I really am. I just don't want to cause any problems in your marriage. I only do what I do for Vicky because of her condition."
Chase had stopped chanting by that point and Nicole's face had gone back to normal.
"Chase, dear," Nicole began, "how many times did we have sex in the month before Saturday happened?"
"Uhh..." he said, looking up and starting to count on his hand. "Once," he said.
"And would you like to tell Dex how..."
"Four times on Sunday, twice Monday, and twice yesterday," he said, grinning like a madman.
"Seriously?" she said, her tone accusatory as she spun around and glared.
"Oh shit, that's right! I went down on you a little earlier!"
Dex smiled and covered his face for a moment.
"You've already helped us," she said. "Now... pull your dick out and gimme!"
He sighed and rolled his eyes, then looked down at her again. He thought about Bryce and how he'd handle this situation. Beyond just pulling his dick out and having his way with her, he knew that the brash, confident guy would take control. He'd be the one in charge. That seemed to be what both of them wanted anyway.
"Wait..." he said with sudden realization. "I thought you didn't get a choice."
She frowned, then stuck her lip out like a petulant child.
"Do you get a choice?" he asked.
Her face hardened but she didn't speak.
"Hey boss, do you get a choice?" he asked.
"Nope!" Chase said immediately, his grin widening.
"Nicole?" Dex asked again.
"She doesn't!" Chase said.
"Shut the fuck up, dick!" she spat, standing haphazardly and glaring briefly at her husband before turning and frowning at Dex again.
"Nicole?" Dex said again, grinning at her. "Answer me."
She glared, starting to actually look angry.
"No..." she said grudgingly. "But that doesn't mean you can't!"
Dex continued to smile, his confidence growing.
"Listen," he said, stepping forward.
She looked up at him with hope clear in her eyes and nervously bit her bottom lip.
"When I want to have you again, I will."
As he spoke, he reached out, gently placing his thumb under her chin and leaning in to kiss her but stopping a few inches away. "Promise," he finished, winking and then stepping back.
"Gawd damn!" Chase cried out, then burst out laughing.
Nicole gave him an extremely exaggerated pout before she started to smile and shake her head at him.
"Seriously you guys," he said. "We need to talk about things like this with Jessie. I'm happy to help if she's okay with it and as long as you guys are still good. But I'm not just a piece of meat."
Nicole giggled suddenly, giving him an incredulous look.
"Dex, come on, don't leave," she pleaded. "Just pull your dick out, ruin me with it so that my husband's pathetic ass knows he can't please me with that skinny little dick of his, and then you can go back to work."
He kept shaking his head and turned, heading back out the way he came. "Seriously," he said before rounding the corner. "Go do some work. It's shameful!"
"Tease!" she called.
Dex sighed, shaking his head in amusement as he went back to his desk to start working again.
Around 3:00 that afternoon, Dex heard his phone buzzing and reached out to grab it without taking his eyes off his screen. He turned and looked at his phone, seeing a message from Bryce.
With a grin, he grabbed his phone and looked around to make sure no one was coming his way. Unlocking it, he opened the message just as another came through from his new friend.
"My brotha!" the first message read.
The second one was much longer.
"You've got one hell of a girlfriend, my friend. You and I are going to have some good times together. As you requested, here's what kinda trouble we got up to last night."
Dex grinned, waiting as the image came through.
Jessie was looking up at the camera with the same lusty gaze that he'd left her with in the bar. Her ruby lips were latched firmly around the unmistakable shaft of a cock, buried deeply in between them.
Another message came through, and after staring a few more seconds at his delightful girlfriend sucking a cock that wasn't his, he scrolled up and read it.
"I was planning on nuttin' on her face and taking a pic of that for you, but the little succubus wouldn't stop sucking my dick until she'd fuckin' drained me."
"Dude," Dex sent. "That's fuckin' awesome. Glad you got to have fun with her. We still on for Friday?"
"Fuck yeah," Bryce replied. "Thanks again, dude."
Dex scrolled back up to the image of Jessie, staring straight into him with a strange dick in her mouth. The image made him grin widely, his cock already swelling in his pants. An idea began to form in his mind.
Putting himself on break again and signing out of the call queue, he stood and stepped out of his cubicle. Turning, and looking down the hallway, he walked directly down towards the account manager offices, not stopping until he was outside the one that he needed. Opening the door without bothering to knock, he walked right over and grabbed a handful of Nicole's hair, pulling roughly as she hastily hung up the phone after a blurted, "call you back!" and stood as he pulled her toward him.
"Oh...fuck..." she moaned, a grin coming to her face as he pulled her roughly behind him, then pushed her in front and back the way he'd come.
Luckily, none of the other techs were aware of things as he passed by, all of them either on the phone or staring intently at their screens. He was walking nonchalantly behind Nicole, pushing her in front of him, his hand still gripping her hair tightly but buried enough not to easily be noticed.
They passed through the first doorway from the cubical farm, through another short hallway and into the room just before Chase's office. Once again without knocking, he pushed her through the open door, pausing to shut it behind him before turning again and pullinghardon her hair and driving her forward.
"Oh... shit...yes!" Chase said, wide-eyed as he saw what was happening. He scooted back from his desk quickly, the act making it seem as if he thought Dex was going to throw Nicole at him or something and he needed to get out of the way.
Instead, Dex stood there considering his options, then quickly spun her around and forced her toward the floor. She collapsed immediately, her hands trying madly to undo the buttons on her blouse and failing due to them shaking so much.
He didn't let go of his grip on her hair and looked down at her with his blood pumping fiercely in his veins.
"Get my dick in your mouth,now!"
"Fuuuck," Chase muttered, though Dex wasn't listening.
Nicole's hands were still shaking as she reached up and started to unzip him. He pulled her close before she'd even managed to free him, driving her lips and cheek into his jeans and forcing her to stop trying to get him undone.
He relaxed a little a moment later, and she quickly resumed as he let go of her hair. Looking up at him, she smiled weakly, her arms and hands still shaking as she slid his pants down and freed his cock. Without hesitation, she wrapped her lips around him and took him deep, wriggling her head back and forth in an effort to please him.
He didn't want to just settle for head though, and only let her suck his cock for as long as it took to get him fully hard and sufficiently wet. Jessie's misbehaving had been provocative enough to get him mostly there already. Nicole's frantic, nerve-wracked sucking managed to get him the rest of the way.
"Up, now," he said, beckoning her with a single finger. "Lay across your husband's desk."
She staggered to her feet, her legs shaking as she turned and pushed a lamp out of the way. Chase helpfully moved his coffee mug and a bottle of soda clear as well, putting both on a shelf behind him before spinning back around to watch.
"Face forward," Dex ordered her, causing her to spin back around after she'd started to look back at him.
"Oh fuck... honey," she whined to Chase. "So... fucking... hot."
"Shut the fuck up and lift your skirt," Dex snapped.
Nicole whimpered, both of her knees buckling a little before she was able to arrest her fall. She reached back with shaking hands and lifted her skirt up above her ass, revealing a black g-string.
Dex saw Chase scooting forward and thought for a second that he was about to make use of his wife's mouth. He was about to tell him no, but he simply took her by her hands and kissed them as Dex watched. Satisfied he wasn't going to interfere, he stepped up and thwapped the head of his cock on one of her pale ass cheeks.
"Oooooh..." she moaned, her knees briefly buckling again before she stabilized herself.
"Is he fucking you yet?" Chase asked her, drawing a hasty shake of her head.
Dex reached down, not wanting to delay any longer. Pulling her g-string to the side, he gripped the base of his cock with the other hand and ran the mushroom head against her dripping slit.
"Filthy little slut is wet as fuck," he commented, drawing another moan from her.
She whimpered, laying her head on the desk but then arching her back and crying out as he plunged completely inside her.
"Fuck! Yes!" she cried.
Dex let go of the underwear and simply gripped both hips, pulling her tight and feeling the warmth of her pussy as it enveloped his girth.
"God... he's fucking my wife," Chase groaned.
Dex glanced up and saw his supervisor's hand in his own pants.
"Fuck... baby," Nicole whined.
She reached back, trying to get a hand on something before Dex grabbed her wrist and pulled it up onto her back. He moved it up enough to keep it still but not enough to hurt, then slowly began to drive into her. Building up speed slowly, he began to fuck her on top of her husband's desk.
"Look at your husband," Dex ordered, Nicole's head snapping up to do as he bade.
In no time flat, he felt Nicole's soaked pussy convulsing ferociously down on top of his frighteningly hard cock as he hammered into her. Loud, wet slaps echoed off the walls of the office, accompanied by her yelps of pleasure and Chase's low groans.
Her cries grew more and more urgent as he continued to slam into her, minutes ticking by until she cried out again, her head knocking several times on the desk in front of her. Dex felt his own orgasm peaking then, and yanked her up, stroking as she slid down to her knees in front of him. He pushed the head of his cock into her mouth just as he started to cum, eliciting a thick swallow before he slid free, stroking again and again as he started to paint her face. He saw her hand working at her pussy fiercely, heard Chase's grunts of pleasure on the other side of the desk, but kept looking down at the pretty face that was quickly being covered by his goo.
Finishing, he let go of his cock, breathing rapidly and looking down as she whimpered, another orgasm wracking her body for several seconds before she cried out and took his slowly diminishing cock back into her mouth and sucked.
"Good," he said as she looked up at him and smiled happily.
He shoved his cock back into his pants and pulled them back up. That finished, he turned and walked back to his desk as if nothing had happened. Pleased with how things had turned out, he knew that he had to talk with the two about things once they'd calmed down but figured that could happen some other time.
He wasn't able to concentrate on much else that day and was ready to go right at five o'clock. Just before he signed out, he saw Chase and Nicole making their way toward him.
The rest of the techs were getting their things together, so there was a little bit of awkward staring and waiting while they made their way out. Soon, though, it was just the three of them standing there, both Nicole and Chase looking like nothing out of the ordinary had happened, having obviously cleaned themselves up.
"God... Dex," Chase said, finally breaking the silence. "Man..."
Nicole surged forward, kissing him. He smiled, hugging her tight and patting her back as she slid her arms around him.
"That was indescribable," she cooed silently. "Fuuuuck... my legs are still shaking."
"Good," he said quietly. "I uh... I wanted to check with you guys at some point, but..."
"Nothing needs to be said," Chase said with a wide grin. "That was... incredible. Anytime you... well... want to use my desk, my door is open."
Dex laughed, stroking Nicole gently on the back. She turned, sliding into his arm as if she were his, the two standing together in a moment of content silence.
"So... can I take care of you again?" she asked, looking up and smiling innocently at him.
"Hell yeah," Chase said. "I can go home and you two can..."
Dex smiled and shook his head, even as she frowned a bit and pouted.
"If this is going to be a thing between the three of us, and if I understand the fantasies the two of you have, then you already know what needs to happen." He smiled confidently at each of them.
Nicole was pouting even more at that point, but Chase and smiling widely.
"He's right," Chase said. "It's not my choice. It's not yours."
"But..." Nicole protested.
"Come on," Chase said, taking her hand and pulling her out from Dex's arm.
She protested once more, but then smiled widely and sexily bit her lip, bending one knee adorably and leaning into her husband.
"Dex," she said, still staring at him.
"Mmm?" he asked, just about to turn and reach for his things.
"Never ask me for permission," she said, breathing heavily and closing her eyes.
The words seemed to turn her on as she voiced them, as if hearing them out loud was endlessly arousing.
"Fuck," she sighed, opening her eyes again and looking at him.
"Come on," Chase said, laughing as she continued to cling to him.
The two left the building, leaving Dex there chuckling to himself as he gathered his things to leave.
***
The next couple of days went about as normal as they could for Dex. He spent Wednesday evening with Jessie, relaxing at his place. They fooled around and fucked while he told her about the fun he'd had with Nicole and Chase at work. She seemed delighted to hear about the encounters and pressed him for lots of detail.
They talked about her fooling around with Bryce, and both agreed that they were excited for the coming double date on Friday. Jack made an appearance late in the evening, but Jessie wasn't able to convince him to stay and let her take care of him. The evening ended with the two falling asleep in his bed together.
Thursday was about the same, save for the fact that they didn't get to spend any time together. Jessie was working a double, her shift starting just after she got out of class. Dex finished up his workday and went home, spending a little time studying before he relaxed in front of the TV for the night.
After class on Friday and a standard shift at work, he drove back home and messaged Jessie to call him when she was free. That done, he hopped into the shower and started to get clean, taking time to groom himself before hopping out, drying off, and heading to his room to find something to wear.
Poking through his closet, he glanced over at where'd left his phone and saw that he'd missed Jessie's return call. He pulled out a dark blue shirt and slid it on, then turned and grabbed his phone.
"Hi baby!"
She seemed to be her normal, excited self as she answered the phone.
"My love," he answered. "I just wanted to check and see if you're still good for our double date tonight."
"I'm so excited!" she gushed. "This is gonna be so much fun!"
He chuckled but couldn't disagree.
"I spoke to Bryce earlier today, he said that he and Alex are good to go. He sent me his address and I think we're meeting there."
"Kay!" Jessie replied ebulliently. "I'm going to go finish getting sexy for you and Bryce, okay baby?"
"You better," he said with a smile. "See you in a bit."
"Love you!"
"Love you," he answered.
***
Pulling into Jessie and Donna's apartment complex a half-hour later, Dex parked in one of the open spots where he normally did and hopped out, heading up the stairs and knocking on the door before entering.
He glanced over to the living room area that sat just adjacent to the front door. The living room looked to be a bit of a mess, something that surprised him given what he knew about his girlfriend and her penchant for cleaning things. There were several empty wine bottles along with half-empty cups and the like, scattered around haphazardly.
He heard Jessie call his name out and turned just in time to see her jumping for him. He caught her easily and laughed as she kissed him.
"Hi baby," she said a few seconds later, sliding back to the ground and pulling him toward the bathroom with her. "I'm almost done, and then we can go."
"No rush," he said, leaning easily into the door frame. "Work go okay?"
"I guess," she said. "Nothing too fun to report though, unfortunately. I made good tips though, so that's something."
"That's good," he said. "Did Donna and John have a party or something? There's a lot of wine bottles and such scattered about."
"That's just them," Jessie said. "I've been too busy to clean up and they've been on a bit of a drinking kick lately; well, Donna has at least. John always drinks heavily."
He nodded in understanding, watching her as she finished putting on her makeup by making weird faces in the mirror.
"So, you're good with sharing me tonight?"
She was running a colored pencil looking thing across the top of her eyelid as she spoke.
"Is that even a question?" he asked. "You sucked his cock recently."
"I know baby, but remember, I've only had real intercourse with you," she reminded him.
"Well, and my dad and brother," he pointed out.
"Oh, and John," she said. "And my brother's been in my ass, but we don't count that."
"Don't forget Alec," he reminded her, grinning as she looked over and smirked.
"Honestly, babe, I could easily forget about it," she said, sighing.
"Oh? What happened?"
"Nothing really," she said, shrugging. "It's just the more that I think about it, the more I can say that it just wasn't that great. I mean, I had lots and lots of fun with Erin, but Alec was just mediocre, you know?"
"That's unfortunate," he said. "I was hoping that you liked it enough to fool around again."
"Oh, that won't be a problem. I'd fuck him if you wanted me to baby, or if you wanted to have Erin again. It's just that I wouldn't like... ask you if I could or anything like that."
He nodded.
"I don't know, maybe I'm just spoiled on having such a big-cocked boyfriend."
"Well, if things go well with Alex and Bryce, he's every bit as big as I am, isn't he?"
She smirked and glanced over at him. "I'm actually not sure which of the two of you would be biggest," she stated. "I might have to run a test tonight."
He chuckled.
"Back to what I was asking you earlier," she said, pulling another implement out of the make-up kit on the counter. "Yes, you've let me fuck another guy or two, but that doesn't change the fact that this is still relatively new territory for us. I just think we need to keep talking and making sure that we're both okay."
"Definitely," he agreed. "I wasn't trying to downplay your concerns. I just know that I'm good. Are you?"
A few seconds passed by as she fell silent, before turning and nodding at him.
"Good," he said a few seconds later. "So, what are you wanting to happen tonight? Like anything specific?"
A wry smile crossed her lips and she giggled excitedly.
"Ooo," he said. "Sounds like you do."
"Well, kinda," she said. "I mean, of course I want to do all the standard things. I want to suck your dick, and Bryce's. I want to fuck you both, and of course, Alex is so dang sexy that I just want to...unff."
"So, this pussy eating thing wasn't just a phase then?" he joked.
"Honestly honey, I can't believe Donna and I didn't start doing this when we met. I was missing out!"
He laughed, watching as she reached into the pink tacklebox-looking case sitting on the cabinet behind her and pulled out another make-up implement.
"I just want to be fucked, like, really really hard, you know?" she stated as she began to use the newest tool. "I mean, I think like, both of you inside me at once would be super-fun, but I've done that before. Honestly, if you think about it, there's not a lot I haven't done."
"I'm in the same boat," he said. "But that doesn't mean that we still can't have new experiences."
"Definitely," she agreed, turning and smiling at him happily.
His phone buzzed a second later. Looking down, he smiled and wiggled the device at her. "Bryce."
"You and the sex-goblin ready to have a blast?" the message read.
He chuckled, then began to reply.
"She's almost done getting ready. How about you two?"
"Alex is here now so we're good when you two are. Just meet us here and we can decide where we want to go."
"Sounds like a plan," Dex replied. "See you in a few."
"You guys decide what we're doing yet?" Jessie asked.
He shook his head, sliding his phone into his pocket. "Nah, not yet," he said. "I'm not sure if the four of us are going to want to just dive right in to fooling around or if there's something that we can go and do to build up the sexual tension, you know?"
"Maybe dancing or something? To be honest, though, I'm good to go if they want to just get on with the fun."
"Me too," he said. "I just think that it might be fun to force ourselves to wait."
She giggled, still focusing on the makeup.
"There we go," she said, doing a final check of herself in the mirror. "Seems a little silly I guess since its all going to get messed up anyway."
He chuckled as she put away the various sticks, cases, and sponges, then closed her makeup tacklebox.
"How's this?" she asked, turning and raising her arms for him.
She was wearing a sexy little red number that he'd seen her wear before. It left nothing to the imagination. The fabric hugged her incredible body, thin straps at the top and the skirt just below her pussy at the bottom. The front was designed to direct attention toward her cleavage, tons of which were on display that evening.
"Stunning," he said honestly.
He held his arm out for her and the two were off.
***
Dex had driven by the apartment complex that Bryce lived in dozens of times but had never had a reason to go inside any of them. It was relatively close to the university and thus was in a pretty decent part of town.
He pulled up to the curb and pulled out his phone to shoot a quick message to Bryce that they were there. That done, he winked at Jessie and was just about to open the door to hop out when his phone buzzed.
"On our way," it read.
He relaxed, setting his phone back in the console and looking over at apartments, wondering which one his new friend lived in. The door on the upper floor of a nearby building opened and Bryce's familiar face popped into view, followed quickly by the incredibly gorgeous form of Alex.
"There they are," Jessie purred.
He could tell just by the tone of her voice that she was already aroused. Who knew what the night would bring?
Flashing his lights to get their attention, Dex and Jessie hopped out as the other two started toward them. Jessie came around the truck and slid her hand into his, squeezing it gently.
"Damn Jessie, you lookgood!"
"Thank you, handsome," she replied, smiling up at Bryce.
"Wow," Dex said, his jaw halfway open as he looked over at Alex.
"Oh my God!" Jessie gushed. "You look... holy shit!"
Alex smiled demurely, and with a simple cock of her head that illustrated that she knew just how incredible she looked.
She was wearing a strange, almost metallic looking dress. It almost looked like an extremely feminine suit of chainmail to Dex, though it was dark, dark grey. Her taut, tanned skin was visible beneath the halfway see-through fabric. It was slit up the sides to a ridiculous height, easily all the way up to her waistline.
"I think he likes it, baby," Bryce said, standing protectively behind her.
"Mmm," she said, sliding over towards Dex.
"She's been looking forward to tonight ever since you and I planned this thing, buddy," he continued. "She told me that she was going to... what was that you said baby?"
Alex's eyes bored into Dex, piercing him and causing his manhood to swell in the confines of his jeans.
"I said that I was going to let him fuck me until I couldn't walk anymore," she purred.
Dex swallowed hard, feeling like he was a dorky, shy high schooler around the incredible work of art that Alex was. He almost felt guilty for thinking such things when he had his own work of art in Jessie.
"So... you do like me?" she asked sultrily.
"Hell yes," Dex said immediately, feeling his confidence returning.
"You sure do clean up nicely," Jessie said, drawing everyone's attention to her as she stepped up to Bryce. "It's nice to see that Alex can take you out in public and doesn't just have to keep you locked in a room somewhere."
"Oh, he's all cock and no brains," Alex said, turning and smiling at her. "He's great arm candy, though, to be sure."
"Yeah yeah," Bryce said as Alex moved over behind Jessie and protectively placed her arms around her. He in turn moved over and put a single arm on Dex's shoulder. "You two may be all gorgeous and confident that you've got the two of us drooling and begging right now, but don't think for a minute that the both of you won't be moaning and groaning later, gyrating on top of me and my dude here."
He flashed a wide grin at the two and turned to wink at Dex.
The four then stared at each other for a few seconds before bursting out laughing at the ridiculousness of it all.
"You look so good!" Jessie said at the same time that Alex gave her a similar compliment. The two vixens immediately began to talk, seemingly oblivious of the other two standing next to them.
"Damn dude," Dex said, turning and grinning at Bryce.
"Right? I saw it and was like, damn, she might actually kill someone tonight."
"Hell, yeah she could, couldn't she," Dex agreed.
The two fell silent then, watching as the girls continued to chatter, content to ogle the two beauties and wait for them to finish.
"So, what's the plan?" Alex said after the two finally ceased their gossip.
"You guys want to ride with us?" Jessie asked, smiling up at the two men hopefully.
"I'm down with that," Bryce said. "More chances for mischief."
Jessie giggled in agreement.
"Sounds good to me," Dex said, turning and opening the door.
The other three quickly piled in, Jessie in the front seat and Bryce and Alex in the back. As he started up the truck and pulled off, he glanced briefly in the rearview mirror and then over at Jessie.
"You didn't want to get in the back with them?" he asked. "You know, 'mischief' and all."
She smirked at him, turning and looking back.
"It's probably not safe for me back there," she pointed out.
"It's definitely not," Alex agreed. "You're like this tasty little snack that both of us are going to really enjoy devouring later."
"Definitely," Bryce agreed. "I'm damn sure that Alex or I would have you naked by now if you were."
"Promises promises," Jessie said.
She turned halfway in the seat so that she could see the others easily. "So, what's the plan? Are we going to just go somewhere and start fucking our brains out?"
"Mmm, no, not just yet I think," Alex said.
"As fun as that would be, I think it would be a waste if you two looked this incredible and Dex and I didn't take you out to let other guys drool over you. How about we go to a club and go dancing. Or I also know of a couple of parties that are going down tonight."
"I don't want to be all sweaty and tired before we get to the real fun," Alex frowned. "Lets just go spend the rest of the night fucking."
"I like the way you think," Jessie said. "Where do we want to play?"
"We can head back to my house. Dad should be out with his girlfriend."
"Will Jack be there?" Jessie asked.
"Not sure," Dex said with a shrug. "I can check if you want me to."
"We can go back to my house if it's a problem," Alex said. "Or Bryce's apartment."
"Oh, it definitely wouldn't be a problem," Jessie said. "Jack is Dex's big brother. He's just as big as Dex is and my baby lets him fuck me whenever he needs it. I was just thinking that another cock wouldn't be a bad idea."
"Ooo," Alex said excitedly.
"Shit, I'm down," Bryce said with a laugh.
"You ladies sure that you don't want to go out and let us show you off?" Dex asked.
"Jessie, I don't think your boyfriend wants to fuck me," Alex said.
"Got it, heading home," Dex said, drawing laughs from the other three.
"I'm kidding handsome," she quickly amended. "He's got a point though," she went on, her tone heavy with disappointment. "It would be fun to go and dance and itiskind of a waste to get this dressed up and not actually go out. Plus, Bryce likes watching me play with other guys. I could probably take Jessie out on the floor and put on show, maybe see if we can tempt some poor shmucks into trying their luck with us."
"Dex already has a brother with a cannon in his pants, babe, you don't need to go and slut it up to find some more."
"Aww, you don't want any competition?"
As the two bantered, Dex made his way to the club that he figured would be the busiest. It was a little early, but he hoped that it wouldn't be completely dead. Pulling into the parking lot, he was pleased to see that it was moderately full.
"How's this?"
"As good as any," Bryce said. "Let's go and see how slutty our ladies can be."
The girls both cheered the idea and the group hurried inside.
***
The guys paid the cover and the group quickly went inside and found a spot to relax. Dex and Bryce both went and ordered a drink, while Jessie and Alex went to the bathroom together.
The bartender handed them their beers and Bryce tossed some cash down to pay for it.
"Much appreciated," Dex said. "I've got the next one though."
"Deal my friend," Bryce said. "Here's to the ladies." He raised his bottle as he spoke. "Never seen a better-lookin' pair."
"Cheers to that," Dex agreed, taking a drink.
Bryce grinned, looking around at the other people in the bar.
"You know, I feel sorry for all these other schmoes in here tonight," he said. "They're gonna give it their best shot but none of them are going home with anything nearly as good as what we've got."
"True," Dex said. "Speaking of," he said with a nod.
Bryce turned and looked back behind him in the direction that Dex had indicated.
Jessie and Alex were slinking through the crowd, dozens of eyes watching their every move.
"Fuck they look good," Bryce added, turning and flashing him a grin.
Jessie and Alex came over, each sliding into their respective boyfriend's arms.
"Find any dumb little sluts to bring home with us yet?" Alex asked, looking up at Bryce.
"Baby, don't talk about Jessie like that right in front of her!"
Bryce grinned widely, first at Alex and then at Jessie.
Alex slugged him in the arm and Jessie's mouth dropped open in faux anger.
"I'm not dumb!" she protested.
"I'm kidding gorgeous, I'm kidding. It's just something that my sexy-ass girlfriend has been wanting me to do for weeks now. She keeps telling me that I need to go out and find a nice little slut that I can bring home for her to play with."
"Oh!" She switched from scowl to a satisfied look. "That's me then." She suddenly turned and scowled at him, her finger pointing his way. "I'm not dumb, though."
"I never thought you were," he said, smiling genuinely. "Alex usually tells me shit like that when she's heading out to go and fuck someone else. She thinks I need occupying when she's not around or I'll start to just wander into traffic or like stick my head in a blender or something."
Jessie and Dex laughed as Alex rolled her eyes at him.
"What?" he asked. "Tell me that you haven't said that when you were about to go and fuck your friends."
She giggled, shrugging and not denying it.
"See?" he said. "See what I have to put up with?"
"You know you love hearing about how bad of a girl I am," purred, turning and slinking closer to Dex.
Seeing an opportunity, he slid his arm around her and draped a hand easily on the ample curve of her ass.
"In fact," she said, standing back upright and stepping to the side.
Wordless, she reached up underneath her barely-there dress and began to pull down, sliding her panties down her thighs and wiggling her hips until they fell to the ground. Kneeling briefly, she picked them up and started to hand them to Bryce.
"Nope," she said, snatching them back at the last second. "These aren't yours." Turning, she balled up the tiny black g string and handed it to Dex.
Bryce was grinning wildly at her. "Are you trying to get me to rail you here and now, bitch?"
"Yes," she said without hesitation.
He seemed to be just about to do that very thing when he smirked his characteristic smirk and just shook his head.
"Pussy," Alex said, levelling her eyes at him.
"Aww, don't be too mean to him," Jessie protested. "I need him full of confidence and swagger so that he can fuck me properly later."
"See, you're supposed to be nice to me and cater to my ego and shit."
Alex rolled her eyes. "I don't fuckin' think so. Jessie can be nice to you. I'll continue being me and you'll love me even more." She turned away from Bryce but was still slightly facing Dex, so he was able to catch a surreptitious wink directed at him.
Dex glanced over at him. He chuckled, then pouted animatedly at Jessie.
"Aww," she said, sliding out from Dex's arm.
She briefly glanced around before flashing a devious look at her boyfriend. Then, following Alex's example, reached up under the skintight red dress and pulled her crimson g string down until it was past her hips. Then, wiggling back and forth, she let it fall down to the ground and knelt to retrieve it. Standing back upright, she grinned mischievously and offered them to Bryce.
Grinning, he reached out and took them from her, sliding them into his pocket as Dex had with Alex's moments before.
"Come on cutie," Alex said, taking Jessie's hand and heading for the dance floor. "Let's go have some fun."
Dex watched his girlfriend with quiet admiration as she and Alex sauntered casually away, both laughing and talking at the same time to the other as they headed toward the dance floor. The two held hands as they walked away from the guys.
Wordlessly they followed the girls, though they kept their distance.
"You know..." Bryce began.
The two continued to wind their way through the crowd and almost magically, they were able to maintain a full view of the girls' backsides as they made their way through. Both men paused at the rail just before the entrance to the dance floor and took a position close to it, the girls in eyesight.
"You know..." Bryce said again, "I think you and I are going to get to be real good friends, Dex."
"Yeah, I think you might be right," Dex agreed.
Both men had their eyes locked on Jessie's perfect, petite little ass as it wiggled and bounced a short way away. Alex was on the other side of her, one arm protectively around Jessie's waist, the other raised in the air as she danced.
As he and Bryce watched the two, they moved around each other and continued to focus on one another. Every so often a guy would try and join in, moving behind one of the two and thrusting haphazardly or groping one of them, but the girls apparently weren't interested in flirting as the would-be dance partners would quickly make their way somewhere else when it was clear that they weren't going to be getting anywhere with the two.
Each time one of the guys tried his luck and got shot down, Dex and Bryce would clink beer bottles together.
"Shit, we need to keep count," Bryce said with a laugh.
"I think that's seven so far," Dex offered.
The show continued for several more songs until the girls decided that they were done and came back over to where the guys were. As they approached, Dex caught a sneaky wink and nod pass between the two. He watched as Jessie started toward him then slid up next to Bryce and into his arm with a laugh.
Alex wasn't nearly as playful about it, she simply walked up and slid in close to him, clutching at him and pulling him tight.
"So... have we made ourselves wait long enough?" Bryce asked, the question clearly what everyone was wondering.
The four looked at each other and nodded all at once. The group quickly made their way out of the bar and climbed into Dex's truck, Dex and Jessie in the front again, Bryce and Alex in the back.
"Did you enjoy the show?" Jessie asked as Dex started the engine.
"Hell yeah we did," Bryce answered. "What were we up to?"
"Mmm... fourteen I think," he said.
"Fourteen?" Alex asked.
"Mmmhmm," Bryce confirmed. "Other guys that came up and hit on you only to strike out."
]
The girls both laughed.
"So... where am I going?" Dex asked.
"Well, my apartment has three other guys in it," Bryce pointed out. "So, unless we want this night to get really crazy, it's gotta be somewhere else. Alex lives with her folks, so that's out."
"My parents are very understanding," she protested. "Well, to a point."
"Well, my apartment is fine," Jessie began, "but my roommate is probably home and if she spots Dex, she's going to want to claim him for herself for the night."
"Yo, my man, how many other girls does Jessie let you fuck?" Bryce asked.
Dex grinned and looked at him in the rearview for a moment before looking over at Jessie. "How many is it now?"
"Well, there's Donna, Erin, Cass, Vicky, Nicole, Daisy," she began to rattle off.
"Wait a minute, I never did anything with Cass, and Daisy only gave me head on the drive to Dallas," he pointed out. "So that's four."
"That doesn't matter," Jessie said. "He asked how many girls I let you sleep with. You can sleep with anyone, but for the purposes of his question, I would have been fine with you fucking any of them."
"See... now that's what I'm talkin' about," Bryce said. "All I get is my girlfriend sending me messages about how she's going to go nail someone and shit like that."
"You know perfectly well that you love it," Alex said. "Besides, I told you to go find a little skank we could play with. Oh... and wasn't that you that made my twin suck your cock with her boyfriend and I in the room?"
"Yeah, it was," he said. Dex saw a wide grin in the rear-view mirror.
"My place should be fine to go to," Dex said. "Dad should be out with Candy tonight anyway. If he's not, weirder shit has happened there than four people fucking around."
"That's for sure," Jessie said with a giggle.
The banter between Alex and Bryce resumed and continued until they were about a block from Dex's house.
Alex had countered one of Bryce's verbal jabs with a comment about how she 'had to go find a real dick because Bryce couldn't handle her needs'. In response, he laughed and pulled her over to him, telling her, "Goddamn, I love you."
Once they were at the house, the four hopped out and began to head to the front door with Dex in the lead. Briefly fumbling with his keys, he managed to get the door unlocked and held it open for the others.
Jessie led the way, calling out, "Hello?" as she entered, but there was no response.
"I'm going to check upstairs if you want to give them a tour, babe," he said.
He went though the front hall to the kitchen and then to the stairs. Heading up, he heard Jessie talking behind him as she led Bryce and Alex through his house. Neither his brother nor his father was home, so Dex made his way back down. The back door closed just as he took the last step and he saw the other three outside admiring the pool.
Turning, he went to the kitchen and quickly scratched out a couple of notes. The first was to Jack. It read: Jack, Jessie and I are fooling around with another couple. You're welcome to join us if you get home in time.
The second was to his dad, simply explaining what the situation was.
That done, he put the notes where they could be seen and went to join the others.
"Any sign of 'em?" Jessie asked, turning to look over as he emerged.
"Nope," he said. "Left them a couple of notes."
"I love your pool," Alex said. "My parents have one but I never use it."
Moving over to where Jessie was standing, he slid in behind and put his arms around her.
They watched as Alex walked casually over to the edge, kicked off her shoes, then bent to briefly dip her toe into the water.
"We could swim if it weren't so chilly," he noted.
She smiled and turned to look at them in silence. He could see what she was thinking of doing in the confident, sultry expression on her face. He didn't have to wonder long.
She reached up, slowly, deliberately, and slid her arm through the spaghetti strap on her left shoulder. The dress was tied up around her neck, so the strap pulled taut against the skin under her arm. Her smile widened ever-so-slightly as she stared at them. A few tense moments later, she reached up and pulled the other strap out and slid her arm through before letting it go.
The ridiculously revealing dress began to inch downward as if it were being pulled by some unseen hand, the top curves of her breasts becoming more and more exposed as the moments ticked by.
Then, all at once, it fell to the deck in a small pile around her feet. She continued to stare at Dex and Jessie for several seconds before she turned and confidently made her way over to the stairs that descended down into the pool.
Bryce came around from somewhere behind them and stood close, all three just watching the vision as this incredibly beautiful and exquisitely sexy creature began to step deliberately down into the water.
As she did so, Dex could tell that the water must be cold. The pool obviously wasn't heated and the nights were getting colder and colder.
It didn't hurt that Alex's nipples were hard, prominently displayed and poking out. She made it all the way down into the water and turned, smiling naughtily at the three.
Jessie giggled and shook her head, saying, "Giiiiiiirl."
"Cold?" Bryce asked.
"It's actually not that bad now," she said.
Jessie stepped out of Dex's arms and walked over toward the stairs. She too began to undress, but she didn't nearly take as deliberately long as Alex had. Instead, she simply shucked her dress in one swift motion, shook her hair out, and hurried down into the water.
The two girls quickly moved close to one another, Jessie moving in front of the much taller Alex as they embraced. She spun around quickly though and reached out for Dex and Bryce to join them.
"Uhh... no," Dex said, frowning as he glanced over at Bryce. The taller man had the same expression.
"You want big dicks or little shriveled stacks of dimes?"
"Aww," Jessie cried out. "Well, can we at least have some towels so we can dry off and be warm?"
Dex chuckled and turned, heading for the cabinet standing against the wall of the house near the back door. Retrieving two large beach towels, he turned and walked back over to where the girls were just then climbing out. He tossed one to Bryce and turned, unfolding his and holding it open.
Alex made her way over to him, causing Jessie to giggle characteristically and move toward Bryce. Wrapping the towel around her, he squeezed her tight as she snuggled up against him, raising her head to look at him.
"Thanks," she said simply, sliding out from his arms and gesturing for Jessie to follow.
The two hurried toward the back door, giggling as they went.
Bryce smirked at him and the two turned to follow. Dex stopped him short though, briefly watching the girls running toward the house. He turned, going over and grabbing the two discarded dresses.
"Hurry up!" Jessie called out, the two girls bouncing in place near the opened back door.
"Go ahead," Bryce called. "We'll be right there."
That served to convince the two to rush inside.
Dex looked at him with slight trepidation. "You all good, man?"
Bryce looked back at him, surprised. "What, oh yeah, I'm good to go. I just wanted to make sure and let you know a few things about Alex."
"Oh," Dex said. "Yeah, sure, what's up?"
The two began to walk slowly toward the house.
"It's nothing serious, just..." He paused. "Alex has been... insatiable lately. Like, no joke."
"Really?"
Bryce nodded. "Yeah man. She's been pretty nuts. I just wanted to warn you that she's going to be very..." he paused, appearing to search for the right word. "...persuasive, I guess. It's like she gets so turned on that you can't really communicate with her. You can't stop her when she's like that. So, if you're still down, it's going to be a long night."
Dex grinned immediately. He definitely wasn't concerned in the least. In fact, he was looking forward to it even more.
"Thanks for the heads up," he said, smiling.
"For sure," Bryce said. "Anything I need to know about Jessie?"
"Mmm," Dex commented, turning and pursing his lips in thought. "She's pretty insatiable as well. Plus, she's super submissive, and she's never turned me down for anything sexual."
"She into girls?"
"Oh, hell yes," Dex replied. "They're probably already going at it."
"What about you, bud? You have any rules for me regarding your girl?"
Dex thought for a minute as the two started for the door, pausing just before reaching it.
"No, nothing really. Just the normal stuff, I guess. Don't be too rough with her. She's fuckin' tiny. You?"
Bryce chuckled and shook his head. "Alex is down for whatever."
Dex grinned and opened the door, letting Bryce in and following behind.
*****
Jessie
"Think they're plotting something?" Alex asked.
"Probably measuring dick sizes," Jessie said.
"That's our job," Alex joked.
Jessie led the tall brunette to one of the downstairs bathrooms before heading off to use the other. When she came back, Alex was standing naked in the living room, looking at some pictures on the wall.
Jessie came over, the towel wrapped around her.
"She's pretty," Alex commented, indicating a picture hanging on the wall. It showed a much younger Dex, his bigger brother Jack beside him, and their mother behind.
"Dex's mom," Jessie explained. "She passed away some years ago."
"Oh," Alex said, turning and frowning.
The sound of the front door opening caused Jessie to giggle as Alex turned to look at her. The expression on her face was hard to read but it seemed to be a mix of trepidation and arousal.
"Whoa," Jack said as he came around the corner and spied the two.
"Jack!" Jessie gushed, letting her towel drop and rushing forward.
"Oof," he said, catching her as she jumped at him. "You just saw me like yesterday, dork."
"I know, but I missed you!" she said, laying it on thick for him. "Come meet my friend," she ordered, gesturing behind her.
Jack was still holding her, carrying her easily as if she were a child. He chuckled and turned, walking Jessie over to Alex, who wore a bemused expression on her face.
"You must be..." he said, reaching out a hand and shifting his other to continue to hold Jessie.
"Naked," Alex said. "Kidding," amended. "I'm a friend of Dex and Jessie's. I hear you have a really nice cock."
Jack apparently forgot to keep holding Jessie up and promptly dropped. She managed to land on her feet, laughing as he briefly stammered three answers at once.
Briefly scowling at him, Jessie slid over to stand next to Alex, the two looking at him as if it were normal to meet someone new while completely naked.
"Nice to meet you," Alex said, reaching out to shake his hand.
"Uh, likewise," he said, his eyes dropping to ogle her form.
"Dex and Alex's boyfriend are just heading inside from the back yard," Jessie explained. "We're all going to be fucking if you want to come join us."
"Jesus, Jessie," Jack stammered. "I uh... appreciate it," he said, shaking his head. "But I'm not sure..."
"You don't want to fuck me? Or Alex?" she asked, pouting at him.
"Yeah, what the hell?" Alex asked, frowning and crossing her arms in the same manner as Jessie had moments before.
Jack laughed for a brief moment before shaking his head and rubbing a hand over his eyes.
"Jesus, babe," Bryce called out, the two having come inside quietly. "I already told you, stop seducing everyone you meet."
"But baaabyyyy," she whined turning towards him. "Jessie said that he's got a biiiig one and you said that I could have as many as I wanted."
Turning, Jessie grinned as she saw the amused expressions on Dex and Bryce's faces.
Bryce rolled his eyes and shook his head, stepping around Alex to reach out and offer his hand to Jack. "Bryce," he said.
"Jack, Dex's brother," Jack said. "I uh..."
"No explanation needed man," Bryce said. "So... you gonna stick around to have some fun with these two?"
As he spoke, he reached out and gave Alex a healthy smack on her ass and winked at Jessie. Alex slugged him in the arm.
"You're welcome to," Dex said, coming over and putting a hand on his brother's shoulder.
"Nah, I just got back from a late run and I smell like ass," Jack said. "I'm gonna shower and hit the sack."
"Aww," Jessie said. "Well, if you get bored you can feel free to come and find me."
"Us, bitch," Alex snapped quickly.
Jessie wheeled her head around and saw the mischievous smile on her friend's face. She turned back and winked at Jack.
"Us."
He laughed and shook his head, turning and heading for the stairs.
Dex led Alex and Bryce to the TV room, but Jessie made for Jack as he started up the stairs.
"Hey," she said. "Shower and then come find me, okay? We'll find a spot for you."
He didn't say yes, but he didn't tell her no, either, simply chuckling and offering a shrug as his only answer.
***
The group quickly migrated to the TV room and Dex put on something just to have some background noise. He sat down on one end of the long couch and kicked off his shoes, Jessie quickly slid down beside him, snuggling her feet up underneath his thigh for warmth.
Alex slid down in the spot next to Jessie, Bryce taking the spot beside her.
"So, what's your favorite sexual thing about Jessie?" Alex asked.
The question had been unprompted and out of the blue, as such it had taken Dex by surprise.
He blinked a few times in confusion and looked over.
"Uh..." he stammered.
"Really baby?" Jessie asked, scowling playfully.
"It was just such a random question," he protested.
He frowned, falling silent as he contemplated his response. "Shit, there's lots of answers though. I mean, I love how much her tits stick out, for sure."
"Yeah, I like them badboys myself," Bryce agreed, both men taking the chance to stare at her ample chest.
"I love how much she loves sucking cock, and how tiny she is," he continued. "What about you, man, what sexual thing do you like best about Alex."
"Man, I like how unique she is," he said quickly. "I love how there's not anyone else like her in the world, you know?"
She rolled her eyes and elbowed him in the ribs.
"Oh right, twins," Jessie said, suddenly remembering Toni.
"Nah, I'm just fuckin' around," he said. "I'd have to say... how she just doesn't get embarrassed when me or one of the other dudes she's been with is doing things. We could be in public and she just doesn't give a shit."
Alex giggled in response.
"Wait, that's not necessarily sexual, though," Jessie said.
"Mmm, point taken," he said, falling briefly silent. "Titties?" he asked, looking at Alex.
"Titties," she said with a nod, drawing laughs. She turned, smirking at Jessie. "What about you? What's your favorite sexual thing about Dex that's not his cock?"
She giggled in response, but actually had an answer for the question, even before the obvious choice had been removed.
"I was actually going to say seeing him with other women," she said. "Don't get me wrong baby," she said, turning to look at him. "Your cock is my favorite thing, but I've had it, you know? Like, I know what its like, and seeing him just... hammering away at another girl and seeing how much she's giving herself to him, and like, how it seems like she's barely hanging on to her sanity."
She took a deep breath of air and blew it out slowly.
"Unf," she said. "It's like, empowering or something. Like, he fucks me that hard whenever I need it and I can handle him just fine."
Alex cocked her head curiously, glancing at Dex.
"I know what she means," Dex said. "It's not an insult. Jessie is obviously different than most girls, but there's more to it than just the flirting and wanton disregard for community dress code and law enforcement when it comes to handing out blowjobs."
She giggled and turned more toward him as he continued.
"She's content to let you fuck her, of course, but for her, it's more about the other person enjoying themselves, you know? She's happy to have an orgasm, of course, but she's happier when the other person is enjoying what she's doing."
"I get it," Bryce said. "You watching Dex just destroy some poor slut is just as pleasurable as actually having sex."
She nodded vigorously.
"Honestly, I'm happiest when people use me to give themselves gratification. I mean, just the other day I was making breakfast when Jack came over and just started fucking me. After he filled me up, Dex took over and I was able to take care of both of them. After that, I was on cloud nine all day long."
The group fell silent for a few moments as they all collectively imagined the scene she described, grins on all their faces.
"Well, I think we've denied ourselves long enough," Alex said.
"Wait a second," Dex cut in. "You didn't answer the question. What's your favorite sexual thing about Bryce?"
She smirked at him before turning to regard her boyfriend.
"So... I was dating his roommate before I dated him and let's just say that Beck was a little too slow moving for my taste. I wanted to get nailed until I went blind and he just wanted to take it easy and try to get me to be his girlfriend."
She stood, stepping away from the couch and turning as she told the story. She turned to regard her boyfriend, smiling at him with a clear look of affection.
"There are two instances that I think about, very, very fondly," she said, her smile widening.
Jessie looked at Bryce, his grin encompassing his entire face.
"The first is just after I sucked Beck's cock for the first time," she continued. "My previous partners had all been able to get it up quickly, even after cumming. But no, this fucker decided to fall asleep! So, I was super-frustrated and extremely pent-up and horny, and so I stomped past Beck and am about to go to the bathroom when out of the darkness of the hallway, this tall, handsome, imposing shape stops me and pushes me up against the wall. He just stared at me for a moment, then slowly pushed me down to the ground. He shoved his big, gorgeous cock in my mouth and filled it with another load. But I noticed he wasn't shrinking, and I have to say, he could have taken me then and there. I wouldn't have cared if Beck woke up and found me."
"But I didn't," Bryce cut in. "I left her wanting more."
"You certainly did," she agreed. "The next time I went over, I was still seeing Beck and trying to make it work. The guys ordered pizza and I offered to serve them. So, of course my ex-boyfriend's helpful roommate comes to help me. That kicked off a game of teasing each other to the point where I was briefly on my knees again before he had me over the counter and had his cock shoved inside me."
"Best part is that the guys were all in the same room and oblivious to it all," he said, grinning like a madman.
Jessie was turned on already, but the story Alex was telling had her ready to go. She glanced over at Dex and saw the obvious bulge in his pants. Turning, she looked over at Bryce and saw a similar sight.
"Hottest thing that's ever happened to me," she said. "Except for the time that, after we decided that we were going to stop tormenting each other, he jerked off in front of me, then pulled my panties down and came inside them. He finished, pulled his pants up, then put me back together, all while I'm just standing there gaping at him; again, frustrated and horny as hell."
She sighed, shaking her head at him.
"So that's my answer," she said with a shrug. "I like it when he doesn't ask me for permission. That's my favorite thing about him."
"Fuck that's hot," Dex muttered.
Alex paused for a moment, then looked over at Bryce.
"Did I tell you about my parent's thing next weekend yet?"
He cocked his head, a scowl on his face. "I... don't think so."
"Halloween party... no?"
"No. What about it?"
"Well, my mom mentioned it this morning. She and my dad are having a costume party for Halloween this coming Saturday. There should be a big group of people there and it should be pretty fun. I wanted to see if Jessie and Dex wanted to come with us."
"That sounds like so much fun!" Jessie said.
Bryce was grinning widely, looking like the cat that caught the canary.
Alex looked at him curiously, then over at Dex and Jessie. "What do y'all think?"
Dex nodded as Jessie turned to look at him.
"We're totally in!" she gushed. "We'll have to figure out some Halloween costumes this week."
"Hell yeah," Bryce said. "Something a little slutty perhaps?"
"Oh, trust me, it'll definitely be slutty if Jessie gets to pick it," Dex joked, laughing as she elbowed him.
"Enough talkin' though, shit," Bryce said. "Baby, you think you might know which one of our new friends you want to start with?"
"Hmm," she said, turning and looking from Jessie to Dex, back and forth. "As much as I want to get my lips back around his cock, I think Jessie might just be the snack I need to get things rolling. She turned to look at Bryce.
"Don't you think, baby?"
He glanced over at Dex and Jessie.
"I don't know, babe. I was there the last time you had him in your mouth and it looked like you were enjoying the hell out of it. Maybe you start with Dex and I start on the cupcake?"
"Maybe," Alex said, her voice oozing sex. Her eyes settled on Jessie again, and Dex saw the smile on her face widen.
She shook her head and began to stalk toward Jessie.
"I agree," Bryce said. "She's too fuckin' cute to ignore."
Standing briefly in front of the couch where she was sitting, the leggy, gorgeous brunette quickly knelt and hiked Jessie's legs up. The move caused her to fall back a little, her rump sliding forward and displaying her pussy clearly, for all to see.
"That's my girl," Bryce commented, moving around behind Alex to see better.
The vixen was staring hard up at Jessie, her eyes boring into her as a curious grin came to her lips.
"Fuck, she's so fucking tiny, baby," Alex said, turning and looking briefly back at Bryce. "She's like a little snack. Like..."
"Like a little cupcake," he finished grinning down.
"Fuck," Jessie whimpered, her pussy aching to be touched.
Alex quickly obliged her, sliding her hands up the backs of Jessie's upright thighs and pushing the soles of her feet skyward. She moved them down between her legs then, pushing gently outward and displaying her even more.
Moving her face in close, Alex ran her tongue slowly up Jessie's aching slit, burrowing a deep furrow and muscling her tongue upward to push against her throbbing clit. Her lips descended down, clamping around the mound of flesh and sucking the entire thing inside, her tongue pulsing against it as Jessie's eyes rolled involuntarily back in her head.
"Fuuuuuuck," she whined, glancing up to see Dex standing beside Bryce, both men in the process of taking off their shirts.
"Mmm," Alex moaned, her tongue working hard again after the lip-lock had been broken. "God... baby, she's so fucking tasty," she groaned. "Fuck."
She dove back in, her hands lifting Jessie's rump and helping to make it easier to bury her lips and tongue in her pussy.
"God," she cried between slurps, "fuckin' can't... get enough... of you."
Jessie felt her orgasm coming quickly and found herself unable to speak for a few seconds as it reached its zenith. The wave of pleasure swallowed her and she went weak for a few seconds, her legs dropping wide and her eyes rolling back once more. Her pussy quaked with pleasure, Alex continuing to grind her lips and tongue up and down Jessie's slit.
It took a few seconds, but Jessie was finally able to focus again. She reached down and gently urged Alex up, sitting up and leaning in to kiss her. The move caused her to push the brunette backward, onto her back. Jessie followed, coming over the top and passionately kissing her, licking up her juices and forcing her tongue into her friend's mouth.
There was a zip on either side of the two, and Jessie heard the sound of shoes being kicked off, followed by clothes being removed. As they continued kissing, Alex began to gently urge Jessie forward, pushing her hips up until they were situated on top of her face.
"Oh... crap," Jessie whined, "I can't."
Alex wasn't listening though, and simply resumed what she'd been doing.
Jessie reached out to steady herself, intending to grab Dex's thigh or maybe Bryce's. Instead, she was rewarded with the bulbous, throbbing crown of Dex's cock hitting her fingers. She glanced up, seeing him stepping in close as she automatically took him in her grasp. Turning, she raised a hand to see Bryce's similarly engorged cock bouncing closer.
"Mmm," she said, grinning as she looked up at the two. "Now I can see who's bigger."
The guys chuckled and glanced over at one another, then shrugged and scoffed at the idea.
"Mmm... fuck... Alex," she groaned, briefly distracted as she looked down. Glancing back up, she felt Dex's mushroom pushing through her fingers. Both men were seemingly equally engorged. The only really notable difference was that Dex's had a slight upward curve, whereas Bryce's was the opposite, curving downward.
She leaned over without hesitation and took Dex into her mouth, sucking as he put a hand on the back of her head. It disappeared quickly though, along with the cock in her mouth. Another hand took its place a few seconds later, followed by the downward curve of Bryce's cock as it slid into her mouth.
He stroked deeply into her, his cock pushing against her throat and holding there for a few seconds before he slid completely out. Dex pushed inside and she felt herself becoming lost in the overwhelming sensations.
In, out, in, out, the men took turns with making use of her mouth. Her orgasm began to build again as she began to wonder which of the two men was bigger.
She decided that it had to be Dex, though only by centimeters. She could get Bryce down more into her mouth, though that might also have been due to the curve.
Just as she was about to cum, she shifted a bit too far and slid to the side of Alex's face.
"Oops," she giggled, and was about to remount her friend when she saw her looking up at the two men for half a second. Almost too fast, her friend was on her knees, turning toward Dex and unhesitatingly taking his cock as far as she could into her mouth.
"Oh shit, it's on now," Bryce commented, grinning as he watched, stroking his erection. "Ain't no stopping her now, bro."
Jessie watched as Alex forced her head back and forth, Dex's cock disappearing and reappearing between her lips. So violent were her thrusts that he was being slowly pushed backward until he'd at last fallen backward to the couch.
"Fuck," he laughed.
Alex followed, the crown disappearing once more between her lips as if she were hyper focusing on doing just this one thing.
"Damn, you weren't kidding," Dex grunted.
Alex was relentless. Her head bobbed up and down in Dex's lap, her eyes closed as she did so. Up, down, up, down, she scarcely paused to take a breath, only doing so when she absolutely had to.
Even then, she would gasp for air for a few seconds before latching her hand around his shaft and stroking as she resumed sucking, or just taking the whole thing into her mouth.
"She's in the zone, man," Bryce said in amusement, still stroking his beautiful cock and watching the two.
Jessie slid up from the floor and moved toward him, though she was still watching the other two attentively. Sliding her hand into Bryce's, she smiled at him and gestured toward the couch near where Dex had fallen haphazardly.
He smiled at her, his frustratingly cute smile causing her to go a little weak in the knees.
"Fuck, you're cute," she said.
"You're a goddamn snack," he said. "I can't wait to fuck you."
She giggled, pulling him over and laying back next to her boyfriend. "Who said you have to?"
Bryce smiled, coming over and gesturing for her to move to her right a bit. She obliged him, seeing that he wanted just a little more room for them from the other two.
Jessie opened her legs for him, smiling as she watched him grip the base of his fiercely erect cock and move into position. He knelt, moving closer until she saw him sliding the head up through her oozing lips. Impulses of pleasure raced through her again as he moved the crown up and down, spreading her juices.
Biting her lip in anticipation, she glanced up, seeing his fucking cute smirk and gigging. He looked down, and to her pleasure, spit down onto her pussy. The act was disgusting, but at the same time highly arousing. She groaned as the glob smacked right down on her pussy, the crown taking it and spreading it easily before he plunged inside.
She gasped, pulling him close and turning as she did so, he leaned in and kissed her, gently thrusting as Dex continued to gasp in pleasure from Alex's affection.
*****
Dex
Alex was incredible at giving head, of that there was no doubt. Jessie was arguably better, but he was likely biased. He groaned, trying like hell to stave off his impending eruption. Alex wasn't fucking around, though, and continued to slide her succulent lips up and down his shaft and a ridiculous pace.
He was only vaguely aware of Jessie and Bryce fucking gently next to him on the couch, and wanted to look over but found that he couldn't take his eyes off the succubus in front of him.
Seconds later he felt his orgasm reaching its peak and knew that he had to slow her down. He tried to sit up but she pushed a free hand out and bade him stay put, her lips never slowing.
"Fuck," he gasped, low moans coming from the raven-haired beauty as he began to pump again and again into her mouth, thick swallows accompanying each. A gentle whimper punctuated each swallow, her mouth clutching affectionately at the crown as he gasped in unimaginable pleasure.
Spent for the next few minutes, he groaned in happy bliss as she continued to suck, slurp, and swallow him, her hand stroking his shaft up and down in a rhythmic motion.
It took him a minute of laying there recovering from the incredible experience he'd just been a part of to realize that she wasn't slowing down.
As soon as she'd been successful in cleaning every bit of remaining cum from his shaft, she simply started back sucking him again, her lips driving from the crown down to the base in moments and then back up again.
"God... damn," he groaned.
He heard a chuckle and glanced over to see that his girlfriend had turned over, her stomach flat on the couch with Bryce slowly pumping down into her from behind. She was gasping in pleasure, her eyes closed. Bryce was grinning down at him though.
"Told you, bro," he said. "Your best bet is to get her on her knees. She's literally going to keep doing that until you make her stop. Don't be afraid to be a little rough. Don't take no for an answer. Make her do what you say. She'll love it, trust me."
Dex wasn't the type of guy to just force a girl to do things, not by any stretch of the imagination. But Bryce was likely right about this. Plus, Alex was his girlfriend after all, and he was the one telling Dex to just force her.
He groaned in pleasure as Alex's incredible lips and tongue slathered up and down his length. He was still watching Jessie though, enjoying the sight of her pushing backward against Bryce in time with his thrusts.
He turned, looking at Alex. She was still unfocused, staring down at her target as she continued forcing her lips up and down, up and down. His poor cock hadn't even had time to grow limp.
Steeling his resolve, he cast one final glance at Jessie and saw her looking up at him with a hazy look in her eyes. He smirked, then turned and moved Alex backward. She immediately raised her hand to push him back, but it was as if she were on autopilot. She didn't look at him, her mouth trying in vain to find the head of his cock as her lips pushed outward.
He grabbed her shoulder as she wriggled in his grasp, pulling her to try and turn her over. She continued to try and get at him, only stopping when he finally managed to get her to face away.
She automatically moved to her knees, pushing them out a bit and displaying herself for him. Her arms were clutched to her chest, her head on the ground in a very submissive pose.
He wasted no time though, his hands moving to her hips as he guided his cock inside.
"Fuck," he groaned, hearing her cry out in pleasure and feeling her pushing back against him.
Her pussy was drenched and he gasped at how incredible she felt. Fingers of pleasure raced through him and he felt as if he were being held inside her by some unseen force. She rocked backward, forcing him deeper for a moment before sliding forward again.
He took the hint, starting to slide in and out, building up speed until he was hammering her from behind. Minutes passed by as he pounded her mercilessly. He thought for sure that she'd give in and call for a break, but she didn't.
After a bit, he felt her orgasm slam into her. She gasped in pleasure again and again, moving up to her hands and crying out as she started to cum.
"Grab her hair," Bryce called out.
Dex glanced over, seeing Jessie looking over her shoulder as she bounced up and down on his cock. He grinned, turning and reaching down to grab a handful of her ebon locks.
She gasped, her fervor renewed as he returned to sliding deeply in and out. Contorting the flesh of her hips beneath his fingers as he squeezed his grip tighter, he felt her pussy contracting in pleasure as he plunged deep, again and again.
At one point, he saw movement out of the corner of his eye but figured it was just Jessie and Bryce and paid no mind. He heard their voices but was too focused on the exquisite being in front of him to pay attention to what the other two were up to.
He had both hands tied up in her hair, gripping it ferociously and she seemed to be wanting more. Her shoulders were back, her head pulled even further as he hammered into her, her pussy squelching in pleasure as he drove home into her. Each thrust was accompanied by a cry of lust from her. He pulled even harder, feeling her pussy convulsing and lifting her hands up off the carpet as he pounded fiercely into her.
Alex practically screeched in pleasure as her pussy contracted down violently on him. He immediately slowed, releasing his tension a bit and letting her arms touch the floor once again, but didn't slow completely. Looking down at her in mild concern, he saw that she was still into it, still loving every second.
Instead of finding purchase, she seemed to need to slump forward, so he let her do just that, stopping for a moment as she moved forward and turned her head to lay on the carpet. Dex didn't resume what he was doing though, instead, he pushed her hips over and forced her onto her back. Her eyes found his, though she didn't seem to see him somehow.
Apparently, Bryce knew what the hell he was talking about. She really did look possessed when she was turned on.
Dex knelt between her legs and positioned himself to slide back in, Alex reaching up for him as he did so. Behind him, Jessie's yelps of pleasure were renewed as he started fucking Alex once more.
*****
Jessie
Bryce's cock was delightful. His muscled form was perched precariously above her as he hammered in and out of her pussy for several minutes. She was fascinated by the way he stared down into her eyes intensely, even when she was crying out in pleasure from what he was doing to her. She knew that he probably wasn't going to last long at the pace he'd set for the two of them and didn't know if he'd able to play after. It didn't really matter to her, though, as she would be happy to let Dex have fun while she and Bryce watched.
Several deep plunges of his cock into her and she could see the orgasm coming in his eyes. "Fucking... slut..." he grunted, hammering fully inside her as she gasped in surprise at the sudden explosion of cum. He pulled back a few inches before slamming back in, gasping in ecstasy with each burst. A few seconds later he was spent, breathing heavily and holding himself up as they fought to catch their breath. She turned in place on the couch to make room for him. He slid easily in behind, his cock thwapping down between her legs as he pulled her tight back against him, one hand moving up to play with her tits while the other served as a makeshift pillow for the two of them.
They silently watched as Dex continued getting head from the ravenous succubus that had taken Alex's place. After several enjoyable minutes, Dex began to cum, filling her mouth and causing her to slather and slurp his cum almost instantly. The sight was highly arousing for Jessie, her current lover seeming to enjoy it just as much as she felt his renewed erection pushing at her pussy not long after.
"Yeah," he said, then smiled at her as she looked up at him inquisitively. "You ready to go again, cupcake?"
She nodded, not that she'd ever deny anyone she was sleeping with another round of fun times. Turning over onto her back again, she felt his hand on her shoulder as he stopped her and began to pull. She flipped over onto her stomach, smiling back at him seductively as he maneuvered into position. He grinned and leaned down, letting his weight encompass and push her into the couch cushion. His cock nuzzled happily into her thighs, so she spread them as much as she could in her current position. A few manual adjustments later and he plunged inside.
He was probably a foot and a half taller than she was and outweighed her by quite a bit. Dex was larger than she was too, but Bryce even more so. The feeling of vulnerability that she felt was highly arousing, the presence of his engorged erection notwithstanding. He could have easily crushed her, yet he was poised above her perfectly, his weight only barely pressing down as he gave her a few seconds to reaccommodate to his size.
She expected him to start doing as he pleased again, slamming into her and taking what he wanted. She was surprised when he didn't.
Instead of just hammering away to get his next orgasm, he buried himself deep and gently, pulling up on her hips a bit as he began to pump in and out. She felt an immediate, though mild, surge in pleasure as he pulled up on her hips, her ass moving up to meet his thrusts and blissful fingers dancing through her.
"Fuckin' pussy feels so fuckin' good, you fuckin' delicious little cupcake."
His large, intimidating size made her feel the need to surrender even more so to him, to bend to his will as he methodically fucked her brains out. Her pussy felt like it was aching for his cum to fill it up again, to spill over and coat the two of them.
The imagery pushed her over the edge and she began to whimper as her orgasm swallowed her. She heard him saying something, much louder, eventually managing to open her eyes to see Dex smile at her before roughly taking control of Alex and moving to the floor, out of her sight for the time being.
Bryce lowered himself back down, and it was only then that she realized that he'd lifted up off her a bit. She felt him slide his hand underneath her body, roughly mauling her breasts before it slid up and drew the two of them together. His hand closed around her neck, but he didn't squeeze or even tighten. It seemed to be more for him to be able to support her, lifting her a bit and letting him fuck her angry, horny little pussy more effectively.
He began to thrust a little faster, harder, even deeper into her. She felt like his own personal fleshlight, only there for him to use and dump his load into. The scandalous thoughts drove her arousal higher, and she cried out in surprise when she heard him gasp in pleasure in her ear as his cock throbbedhardinside her. He'd stopped moving though, his forehead pushing down into the cushion beside her.
Apparently successful in staving off his orgasm, he smiled at her for a moment before pulling himself back upright and dragging her with him. She didn't sit though, not wanting to get anything on Don's couch. Instead, she turned, leaning into Bryce's shoulder and pointing her hips and used pussy away from the two of them.
The two stayed there for several minutes catching their breath, watching Dex destroying Alex on the floor in front of them.
"You'll have to do something for me," Bryce said at one point.
"What's that?"
She would probably agree to whatever it was he wanted, but she still had to know what it was.
"Next weekend is also Alex and Toni's birthday," he said. "I'm organizing a surprise for the two of them, and it involves Toni's boyfriend Wade. I was hoping to see if Dex could be a part of it. It looks like the dude can hold his own with my girl, and that's no small thing."
She grinned and turned to look over her shoulder at him. "Is it a sex thing?"
Bryce winked.
"Am I not allowed to be there? I mean, that's totally fine, I was just curious."
"No, you can be there," he said. He lowered his voice then and got closer to her ear. "See, I've organized a nice little gangbang for the two of them. If you're there then it's basically just an orgy. That works too though."
She turned back to resume watching Dex and Alex. "Look at it this way," she said, "I can keep the cocks hard."
He chuckled and fell silent as they both went back to watching.
"So, what's the story with you and Dex's brother?" he asked after a few more minutes.
She giggled, immediately picturing the bathroom fun at Double D's.
"You heard about Alex and Dex in the bathroom?"
As she spoke, she sat up just a bit and saw that Bryce was still mostly erect. Grinning, she reached out to grip him, stroking as she did so.
"Mmm," he groaned. "I did indeed. Where they totally didn't fuck each other."
She giggled. "Well, they were in the bathroom listening to me get fucked in my ass. Jack was the one that was doing it."
He looked down at her in surprise, causing her to giggle and shrug.
"C'mon cupcake," he said, pulling her over into his lap. "Let's fuck again."
"Don't you want me to clean up fir..." she began, but gasped in surprise when he gripped his cock by the base, wiggled it into place, and pulled down on her hips at the same time, sliding deep inside yet again.
"Fuck," he grunted, leaning forward kissing her for a moment.
She felt herself adjusting to him and smirked as she focused her eyes on him. He was sitting back, smirking back. He chuckled, swatting her on the rump, causing her to scowl at him.
Slowly the two began to fuck, her hips gyrating back and forth on his delightful erection. At one point he nodded for her to look at Dex and Alex, offering her a wink as an explanation.
"Grab her hair," he called out.
She grinned, seeing Dex turn around and look her way. He looked briefly at her, a pleased expression on his face, his hands on Alex's hips as Jessie continued bouncing and gyrating on Bryce. She watched her boyfriend look over to Bryce, smile widely, then reach out and take two handfuls of Alex's ebon hair and pull.
Satisfied that the other two were still good, Jessie turned and renewed her efforts.
"So, Jack likes anal?" Bryce asked.
She nodded, but then shrugged. "I mean, yeah, but he also likes my pussy, as well as my mouth."
Bryce laughed, then looked around behind them toward the door.
"He not joining us?" he asked.
She shrugged. "He might be trying to be considerate, or maybe he's just not in the mood."
"Shit, cupcake with you around that's not a possibility. Let's go."
She giggled, then gasped in surprise as he lifted her easily into the air, still impaled delightfully on his wonderfully big cock. He was obviously very strong, and it delighted her that he was so easily able to hold her in place, even lifting her a few times as he made his way around the end of the couch and toward the door.
Giggling at his antics, she glanced over at Dex and saw him fucking Alex missionary, her legs wrapped around his hips as he plunged in and out. Satisfied that he was taken care of, she didn't protest as Bryce carried her out of the room.
Once they were clear of the short hallway that led to the rest of the house, he paused and looked around.
"Where's he gonna be?" Bryce asked.
She thought for a moment, then gestured with her head toward the stairs. "Just stop at the bottom," she advised.
He carried her over, then pushed her up against the wall, right next to the stairs. The move sent his cock deeper into her as her hips were pushed forward into him. She whimpered in pleasure, causing him to withdraw a little before sliding back in again.
"Fuck you feel good," he grunted.
"Your cock is wonderful," she cooed.
The two stayed there for a few more seconds, enjoying the feeling of her pussy sliding down around his plunging organ in a tight grip. It took her just a little bit to be able to focus and remember what they were trying to do.
Turning her head, she looked up the stairs and called out, "Jack!"
There was no answer at first.
"Jack!" she called again.
She heard the bathroom door open and a few seconds elapsed before he emerged at the top of the stairs. He was wearing a towel around his waist and it looked like he'd just gotten out of the shower.
"Hey man," Bryce said. "She said you like anal. You should come down here and help me fill her up."
Jack laughed, pausing for a few moments.
"What's there to consider?" Jessie asked. "You like fucking me, right? Get down here, mister!"
"Hard to argue with that," Jack said, starting down toward the two.
She grinned, but frowned when she saw that he probably wasn't hard yet as there wasn't a bulge in the towel.
"What the hell, Jack?" she asked, scowling at him.
He rolled his eyes. "I was planning on leaving you guys to your fun so I was taking a cold shower."
"What? That's crazy! You're not supposed to put your poor cock in cold water!"
He shook his head in dismay and dropped his towel half-way down.
"You can get him there," Bryce said. "Have a seat my man," he suggested, nodding at the stairs.
Jessie giggled as Bryce stepped away from the wall and gently eased her off of him before setting her gently on the ground. Wasting no time as Jack was already sitting, she turned and leaned over to kiss the head of his cock. It responded immediately as she felt Bryce coming up behind her and placing his hands on her hips.
Taking the base of Jack's cock in one hand, she took as much of it as she could into her mouth and began to stroke in sync with the rhythm of her lips as they slid up and down his steadily growing length.
Bryce wasted no time in finding her pussy again, though she had to look back to see how he'd managed with their height difference. He was bent down very low, and it didn't seem to her that he'd be able to stay there long.
Luckily Jack got hard in no time, and she stood up, gripping his cock happily as Bryce slid free from her pussy again.
"So, you want her pussy?" Bryce asked. "I gotta warn you I filled her up earlier."
"That ain't gonna bother me," Jack said, waving a hand as she glanced from one to the other. "Is this the first time you've had her?" he asked.
"Fucking her, yeah, but I've had head from her before," Bryce said. "I'm good either way, though, man," he said.
She glanced back up at Bryce, wondering which one would take what part of her.
"Her ass is pretty nice," Jack said as she started stroking both men.
Rolling her eyes, she dropped to her knees and took Jack's cock back in her mouth, then turned a moment later and took Bryce in its place. She was going to have fun while they decided how they wanted her.
"Ass please," Jack said at length.
She giggled, looking up at him.
"You prepared for that?" he asked.
She was about to answer when Bryce picked her up and promptly impaled her on his cock. She gasped, leaning back a bit and finding Jack moving up behind her. She turned, her hand going back to find his neck, her face turning toward his as he smiled.
"Shit, sorry if I bump heads or anything," Jack said.
"All good man," Bryce said. "Let's fill this cupcake up."
"Cupcake?" Jack asked, the head of his cock pushing gently against Jessie's asshole.
"I'll explain later," Bryce said with a grin.
"You know," she said, striking upon another idea. "That party you mentioned wanting Dex and I to come to; I think I might know someone else that can probably be there."
Bryce grinned widely, clearly liking the idea.
It took a few tries and some deft maneuvering, but the two men were soon successful in filling Jessie up, her lower end at least. There, standing in front of the stairway, Jessie felt Jack slide slowly into her ass as Bryce paused his rhythmic plunging in and out of her pussy.
Gasping in pleasure, she leaned her head back against Jack's shoulder as the two tried to find a rhythm. They gave it a few minutes, but eventually decided that it was much too difficult standing there, so Jack took over and lifted Jessie as Bryce stepped back out of the way.
"Bathroom?" he asked.
Jack must have indicated where, but Jessie was too out of it to realize. She felt herself being carried back to the TV room, the sound of moans growing louder until she was gently placed on the couch with Jack still deep in her ass.
She turned, looking over to where the moans were coming from and saw that Dex and Alex had moved again, this time with her on top of him. She was moaning loudly as she bounced up and down.
Jack slid from inside Jessie, eliciting a gasp of surprise as she turned and looked back. He sat down on the couch, offering her a grin.
She smirked at him, but then realized that it would be a good chance to go and clean up a bit. Standing, she turned and looked at Jack.
"I'm going to go to the bathroom and clean up just a bit," she said.
A shape moved around her before Jack could say anything.
Jessie recognized Alex's dark hair and glanced back, seeing Dex looking up in surprise. Alex had made a beeline for Jack, knelt in front of him and was leaning forward before he really even registered what was going on.
"Whoa, that's been in Jessie's ass," he cried out, but Alex didn't seem to mind.
Jessie giggled, surprised again and again by her newest friend. She looked at Dex, then at Jack as the moans resumed, Alex's head bobbing up and down on Jack's erection.