The Art Of Seduction-Corrupting couples
All the stories in the Art Of Seduction series are based on the true experiences of my husband and I. These stories can be read in the order of publication. Which is the chronological order of events as we experienced them. Or they can be read as individual stand alone stories.
*****
Friday night 7:00 PM
John slowly eased into his patio lounge chair. Sighing, he grabbed the remote and flicked on the sixty inch flatscreen tv mounted to the back wall. After another brutally long day at work nothing was more relaxing than sipping on a cocktail while watching ESPN. John grinned as he admired the backyard Sara and him had recently remodeled. They'd put in a huge pool and hot tub that encompassed the entire backyard. They finished off the project by enclosing it all with a giant screened pool cage that created a massive outdoor recreation area. The additional living space drastically improved their quality of life. As they got older they both knew life was all about the quality and experiences that they created. They hoped all the hard work they'd put in would make for some great adult themed parties. John and his wife Sara had been in the lifestyle for about five years now and were ready to truly embraced the culture. They'd mostly regulated their experiences to exhibitionism and soft swapping, but Lately they'd been talking about pushing their limits even farther, maybe to full swap and beyond.
John had just turned the big four O and looked great. He was 5'11, one hundred seventy pounds with long, silky, dark hair that he pulled back into a small pony tail. His rugged good looks and laid back rocker style was a definite hit with the ladies. There was only one thing he loved more than drinking and fucking, and that was Sara. He glanced into the house and smiled when he saw his wife come in through the front door. He met Sara seven years ago and his life had been transformed in an instant. They'd both been involved in multiple failed relationships in their past and because of that they thought they would never find true love. John smiled when he thought back to their first promise to each other. They promised to live life with no regrets and to satisfying every sexual desire they had.
"Hi honey," Sara called out as she tossed her purse on the counter, heading to the bedroom to put on a bikini.
"Vodka or whiskey?" John asked her from the patio as she glided into the bedroom.
"Definitely a vodka night," Sara yelled back from across the house.
John walked over to the outdoor bar, grabbed a fifth of Grey Goose and mixed it with the flavored carbonated water Sara loved. He topped off his cocktail and sat back down in his lounge chair. Sara emerged from the bedroom and made her way to lounge chair where her husband was relaxing.
"I love that bikini," John said as he handed Sara her cocktail.
"Thanks baby, that's why I put it on," Sara grinned mischievously while taking a sip from her cocktail.
She was wearing a small, white, tie string, scrunch butt bikini. The scrunch bottom back rode up the crack of her big ass pretty much making it a thong. The bikini was semi sheer when it was wet and the hint of nipple John could see through the thin white fabric never failed to get his full attention. Sara filled out the bikini majestically and was proud she could still rock a bikini like this at thirty nine. In fact, she knew she looked better than most women who were in their twenty's. Sara had a thin, attractive face that was wholesome but sexy and seductive at the same time. Her long, dark hair streaked with blonde highlights set off her pouty lips. Sara was 5'10 and weighed 145 pounds. She had a firm flat stomach that she kept that way from daily ab workouts. Most of her weight she carried in her ample 36DD chest along with her big, round, magnificent ass. John bragged daily to his friends about her ass and how it was every black mans dream.
"How was your day?" She asked as she walked over to the hot tub and dipped her fingers in the water, testing the temp.
"Rough, had to fire a salesperson today. The stupid ass almost assaulted a rude customer," John sighed as he took another long drink from his cocktail.
"You need to release a little stress, get in the hot tub with me so I can help you with that," Sara said with a devilish grin.
"That sounds great baby, I'll be right there," John said as he quickly ran to the bedroom and changed into his board shorts.
John slipped into the hot tub next to his wife and the warm bubbling water immediately relaxed every muscle in his body. Sara dipped her head in the water and stood up exposing her torso. She gently rubbed her tits before moving to the opposite side of the tub so they could converse. She moved seductively making sure John got a good look at her very visible areolas peeking from under the thin white fabric of her bikini top.
John grinned while watching his wife's subtle tease. The warm water soaked and rejuvenated the two while they chatted about the ups and downs of their day.
"Ding," John's phone alerted him to an incoming text message.
"Ugh, it better not be work," John groaned as he grabbed the iPhone to check his message.
Sara watched John check the message and was relieved when she saw a huge grin spread across his face.
"Damn," John exclaimed.
"Who is it," Sara asked her grinning husband.
"Joel, he just sent an amazing picture of Shannon in a sexy fucking outfit! Check this out," John said as Sara quickly scooted across the hot tub to check out the iPhone screen.
The picture was of their friend Shannon in a red micro skirt and black silky top. She was obviously not wearing a bra in the pic and looked amazing. John and Sara had been friends with Joel and Shannon for over seven years. They'd met through a mutual work friend and had immediately made a close connection with the couple. Over the years they'd become closer and closer. They tried to hangout at least once a month, but lately they'd been lucky to meet every other month. The last time they'd hung out was over three months ago. Obviously something had changed in the last few months because this was not the behavior they would expect from either of their friends. First of all, Shannon never wore such revealing outfits and Joel would never have sent his good friends sexy pictures before.
"I love that skirt and top, you're gonna have to buy me something similar," Sara said as she winked at her husband. "Text him back and ask why he sent such a teasing pic."
John smiled and quickly tapped out his response.
"We love it, Shannon looks amazing, What's the blessed occasion?"
The both waited expectantly for the response. The iPhone immediately pinged.
Attached was another shot of Shannon wearing a totally sheer gold shimmer mini dress paired with gold high heals and a thick black pleather belt around her waist.
"Trying to decide what outfit to have Shannon wear tomorrow when we take you guys to our new favorite bar!" Joel responded.
"You guys in?" The phone immediately pinged again.
John and Sara starred in amazement at the sheer dress Shannon was wearing. Shannon was 5'4, 110 pounds with amazing 34dd tits. Her platinum blonde hair hung down past her shoulders and her amazing legs rose up to a pert little ass. Every inch of her body was displayed majestically.
John quickly typed out their reply. "Shannon looks like a goddess in that dress, but we call bullshit! She would never wear that out in public,"
The iPhone pinged again and they both leaned in expectantly to see the response.
"A lot has changed since we all went to Off The Chain three months ago. We miss our friends and need to catch up! You guys in or not?"
Sara and John couldn't believe what they were reading. They'd been dying to get Joel and Shannon into the lifestyle since the first time they met. John and Joel had many conversations over the years about sex and their fetishes. John could definitely tell from those conversations Joel had a deviant streak in him. Sara had tried for years to get Shannon to unwrap her sexy body in public. When ever they went out together she made sure to wear extra sexy outfits around her in hopes that her style would rub off. She knew Shannon was interested because she loved pointing out all the men gawking at her and she never failed to mention the tiny outfits she wore when she was in her twenty's. Unfortunately she never wore anything very daring that showed she was into the same exhibitionism she was. The fact was, they'd made the appropriate hints to let them know they were swingers. They left it at that years ago, hoping that one day they would be able to bring them into the lifestyle family. Sara was very attracted to both Joel and Shannon and role played with John on many lustful nights her fantasies of fucking them both at the same time. Sara loved Joel's surfer style and his tall, 6'3 toned body. His piercing blue eyes and sandy blond hair made her pussy wet every time they went out together. As for Shannon, Sara thought she was the perfect women with the perfect body. She'd never really been attracted to women before or considered the possibility of being with other women until she met Shannon. The fact that she was one of her best friends made her even more appealing.
"Are we in honey?" John chuckled as he asked his wife. He knew full well what her response was going to be.
"Oh hell yes, we've been waiting for this for years!" Sara said standing up in the hot tub exposing her semi sheer bikini top. "Take a picture of me and send it with our answer," Sara purred.
John took his iPhone and framed his wife up in the shot. His cock was rock hard as he started snapping pictures.
Click.
Sara's nipples were as big as number two pencil eraser tips under the thin bikini top material.
Click.
"Ooh baby, your nipples are so fucking hard right now," John commented.
Click.
"I know, I'm so fucking horny thinking about what I'm going to wear out tomorrow. Ok, send our reply," Sara said as she slid back into the hot tubs warm embrace.
John tapped out their response and attached a picture of Sara with her rock hard nipples and dark areolas clearly visible under the thin material of her bikini top.
"I think this picture says we are a...hell yes!" John replied and then smiled mischievously as he hit send.
Ping.
The reply was almost instant. "OMG, that bikini is amazing, Sara looks so hot! Love the picture!"
Ping.
"We'll pick you guys up at nine thirty. Tell Sara to dress to impress because Shannon is expecting a partner in crime hehe," was Joel's reply on the screen.
"9:30 is great and Sara says she always dresses to impress!" John typed out as Sara unzipped the fly on John's board shorts and began to slowly massage his rock hard cock.
"What should I wear honey?" Sara cooed as she stroked her husbands rock hard seven and half inch shaft.
"Ahh, that feels so good. I don't know, but it better be small and revealing if those pictures of Shannon are any indication. Whatever you wear, you're going to look amazing," John breathed as he pulled Sara into a deep passionate kiss.
Ping.
John grabbed his iPhone and opened the text message in front of Sara.
"A couple weeks ago in South Beach!"
Attached with the text was a picture of Shannon in an incredibly small, sheer, teal microminimus thong. The thong barely covered her pussy lips. Her pussy lips strained against the thin fabric and were very visible through the sheer material. Shannon stood topless between two grinning twenty something hardbodies. They each had an arm wrapped around her waist with visible bulges protruding from their suits.
Ping.
"I saw the two guys starring and asked if they would pose for a picture!" Joel's text read.
Sara grabbed the phone and quickly responded. "This is sara, who is this girl I'm seeing! It can't be my Shan Shan lol! Fuck, she looks amazing! P.S. you're making Johns cock rock hard."
Ping.
"It's your new and improved Shan Shan and we can't wait to to tell...and show you all about it. And that pic you sent has my cock throbbing also," read Joel's response.
John untied Sara's bikini top and let her massive 36DD breasts swing free. He starred in awe at her long, rock hard nipples. They were two centimeters long and the size of a dime in diameter. Nothing was a bigger turn on to John than when Sara would walk into a store wearing just a thin top without a bra. Her long hard nipples would visibly poke out of the fabric causing quite a few lustful looks from the men.
"Sit on the edge of the tub across from me," John commanded Sara.
"Ok, now spread your legs and make a seductive fuck me face," John said as he grabbed his I-Phone.
"Mmm baby, I like how you think! Their not the only ones who can tease," Sara purred.
Sara sat on the edge of the tub, spread her legs wide and posed with her best bedroom eyes.
Click.
She cupped a breast and squeezed her hard nipple.
Click.
"That is so fucking hot baby," John panted as he took pics and stroked his raging hard-on.
Sara slid back into the tub, grabbed the phone from John and chose her favorite shot.
She quickly tapped out. "we're ready and waiting," she attached the shot of her legs spread wide as she squeezed her nipple. She hit send with a devious smile on her face.
Sara told John to stand up. She pulled off his board shorts and took his warm cock into her mouth. She licked and sucked her husbands pulsing cock as she waited in anticipation for Joel's response.
Ping.
Sara's eyes lit up when she heard the magical sound and quickly stood up next to John so he could see the screen.
"Fucking hell! Look at those tits! And those nipples are spectacular. I'm jacking off to your pic right now!" The screen read.
"OMG John! He's masturbating to me! That is so sexy," Sara exclaimed.
"You're goddamned right it is," John replied while untying his wife's tiny bikini bottom and letting it fall into the hot tub water.
Ping.
"You want this?" Attached was a side view shot of Shannon on her hands on knees. Her massive tits were hanging beneath her as she was getting fucked from behind by a dark haired man who was not Joel.
"That's not Joel pounding Shannon there!" John pointed out to his panting wife.
"Whaaaat, who is that?" Sara pounded out on the screen.
Her heart raced as she tried to process all she'd seen from Joel and Shannon over the last thirty minutes. They'd now done more in the lifestyle in three months than her husband and her had done in five years. Without even asking John she quickly added to her reply.
"Yes we fucking want that!" And hit send.
Seeing Shannon getting fucked by another man solidified Sara's need for the same thing to happen in her relationship. Sara turned to John and handed him the phone. She bent over in front of him and slapped her big ass.
"Fuck me John! I need it NOW!"
John eased up behind her and slapped his seven and half throbbing inches on her voluptuous ass. At the same time he slid two fingers in Sara's drenched slit. The pussy juices were flowing out of her like a broken faucet. When he felt how wet she was, he knew that Joel and Shannon's entrance into the lifestyle was the best thing that could happen to them.
Ping.
John read the response as he made his first deep thrust into Sara's snatch.
"Ungh, Yes!" Sara groaned
John read the message as he rhythmically fucked his wife from behind.
"Hell yes guys! Let the good times begin. We'll see you tomorrow. Remember, dress to impress. This is a very...special club, hehe."
"What did his message say?" Sara panted as Johns balls slapped against her ass.
John read her the response and Sara groaned loudly with approval. John slowly fucked his moaning wife while quickly typing out a response text.
"Awesome, see ya tomorrow, p.s. gonna call you, keep the phone by your ear, wink."
John stealthily dialed Joel's cell phone. He waited until he heard Joel answer, then placed it on the ledge next to the tub with the line open. He grabbed Sara's hips and began to pound her from behind like a jackhammer.
"Tell me what you want you horny slut," John said loudly as Sara's ass clapped from the hard fucking.
"Ahh, you know what I want!" Sara moaned
"Tell me!" John demanded forcefully.
"Fuuuccckk, you know what I want baby,"
"Tell me now Sara," John again forcefully demanded as he slapped his wife's ass.
"I want Joel's cock in me," she whispered quietly.
"Louder! Don't be bashful, tell me what you fucking want?"
Sara's pussy was pulsing, she hadn't been this wet in years. They'd role played this fantasy before but John had never been so forceful. It was really turning her on so she decided to tell him exactly what she wanted in explicit detail.
"I want Joel to take his cock and fuck my pussy hard and deep," Sara cried out loudly.
"Hell yes, you horny slut! How long have you wanted him?" John moaned.
"unghhh since the first time we hung out! I want him so bad! I think about it all the time!" Sara cried out more loudly and forcefully this time. If she was any louder the neighbors might hear, but at this point she didn't give a fuck who heard.
"That's not all you think about though is it." John demanded as he buried his cock all the way to the hilt in Sara's sopping pussy.
"No baby!"
"What else do you want, I know there's more! Tell me," John demanded.
Sara was in ecstasy! John's pulsing, throbbing, cock filled her and fulfilled her dripping pussy. She knew he wanted her to confess her sexual fantasy about their long time friends. Panting hard Sara decided she wasn't going to hold anything back.
"I want...no I need to lick and eat Shannon's pussy as Joel fucks me from behind! I need to taste her pussy juices as she orgasms on my tongue," Sara yelled out loud.
John smiled knowing Joel was hearing every detail of his wife's confession and the slapping of their fucking. His heart raced at the thought of this very scenario now having the possibility of happening.
"Ahhh cummming on your cock!" Sara screamed as her ass bucked up and down on John's prick.
John held his nut just long enough for Sara's multiple orgasms to crash through her spasming pussy. The second he felt her last quiver. He yanked his shaft out and shot three big ropes of cum over her voluptuous ass crack.
"Ahhh, yes," John moaned while watching his creamy seed slide and dribble down and over his wife's ass crack, covering her dripping slit in thick sticky cum.
Admiring Sara's cum splattered ass made John even hornier. Slowly John rubbed and massaged his warm cum into her asshole while thinking about how amazing it would be to see this ass covered in multiple loads of cum. With his other hand he scooped up a gob of his seed and fed it to his wife's wanting mouth.
"Here baby, lick my fingers clean! Pretend it's Joel's seed," John said.
Sara moaned deeply while flicking her tongue and licking and sucking the cum off his fingers.
"I want that so bad John, feed me more," Sara purred as John fed her every bit of cum he'd sprayed on her ass.
Joel hung up the phone with his chest covered in his own cum. John had just proven that Sara and him were down for some hardcore debauchery. smiling he went to the bathroom to clean up knowing that many great adventures were in their future.
Saturday 7:30 PM
Earlier in the day Joel told Shannon about John's phone call and the texts they'd shared. He went into specific detail on how he'd teased them with some sexy pictures of her in her new outfits along with the bikini she wore on South Beach.
"You should have woke me up! I would've loved to hear that," Shannon said while playfully punching her husband on the shoulder.
"I know, I know, but it happened so quick and I knew you were exhausted. Plus I needed you fully rested for tonight," Joel chuckled
"Well...you were right about that. I never knew they felt that way about us. Sara always wears very revealing outfits around us, but I didn't think she was into us like that," Shannon said in an awestruck voice.
"I believe the picture I sent of Tad ramming you from behind put them over the edge," Joel said proudly.
"You sent them a picture of Tad fucking me! OMG Joel! Shannon cried out in exasperation.
"Don't worry, John told me years ago they were in the lifestyle. This was a good way to break the news to them about our entrance into it also. Plus you look fucking amazing in that picture," Joel reassured his wife.
"Ya, I guess you're right. That was way easier than saying, Oh by the way, I fucked a hot guy in front of my husband a few weeks ago," Shannon laughed.
"I sure wish I could've been a fly on the wall watching their reactions when they saw that picture!" Shannon said mischievously.
"Now you don't have to have anxiety about that slutty dress your wearing tonight," Joel smiled.
Joel had received a text from Tad earlier verifying they were coming to the club. Tads text made sure to emphasize that he had a special present to give them. When he showed Shannon the text she licked her lips and told him to pick out something spectacular for her to wear. Joel wanted to make sure he really pushed Shannon's limits tonight. The outfit he chose had to make a statement. He'd spent extra time picking out the perfect ensemble that was going to really solidify her as an exhibitionist Hot wife. In preparation, last week he ordered a few accessories from wicked temptations.com that he thought would bring a little edge to her already skimpy wardrobe. The first item was a silver crystal choker necklace that had the word "sexy" spelled out in gemstones across the front. The choker was about an inch and a half wide and very sparkly. It was guaranteed to bring eyes straight to the glittery word advertised across her neck. The second item was a pair of silvery dangle earrings that had the word "bad" encrusted in small diamonds. The last items were two stainless steel gemmed rosebud butt plugs. The plugs were two sizes. The small one was two inches wide and 3.75 inches long and the large was three inches wide and five inches long. The small plug had a ruby gem at the end and the large had a diamond gem at the end. Joel carefully laid out the jewelry on the bed along with the dress Shannon would be wearing. Shannon walked over and looked over the items Joel had laid out and nodded her head in approval.
"I love them Joel," Shannon said as she looked over the jewelry and held up the black Rubba-Wear Domina latex minidress Joel had chosen for the night.
"Wow, it's very small!" Shannon said as she held the dress up to her naked body.
Shannon immediately tried to put on the dress, but it was so tight and sticky she couldn't pull it on. Joel watched in amusement as his wife struggled to put the rubber dress on.
"Actually their is a special way to put it on. You have to roll it up first, then you pull it over your head and roll it down over you," Joel chuckled.
Joel rolled the rubber dress up like he was rolling a towel.
"Now hold your arms up for me," Joel asked her as he dropped the rolled up dress over her arms and head. When the dress reached the top of her giant breasts he began to slowly unroll the rubber over her. The rubber latex was skin tight and clung to her every curve like wet paint. When he had the rubber dress completely unrolled down over her it hung a meager one inch above her dangling pussy lips.
"How does it feel baby."
"I love it, it's so tight and form fitting! It feels like it was sprayed on," Shannon cooed as she walked up to Joel and hugged him tightly.
Joel grabbed his wife's ass and was amazed by the feel of the rubber clinging to his wife's body. It was so tight and form fighting he couldn't move the dress a millimeter. There wasn't a bit of air between the rubber and her skin. Joel grabbed a bit of the dress between his thumb and index finger and pulled it away from her ass. When he let go it made a snapping sound as it rebounded back tight against her body.
"Awesome," Joel said in awe as he pulled and released the rubber material a few more times, letting it snap back against her ass.
"This is perfect for tonight, go put your makeup and jewelry on while I get dressed. I'll put your jeweled rosebud in right before we leave," Joel said matter of factly.
"What...you expect me to wear a butt plug out to the bar for the whole night?" Shannon said with a look of surprise and nervous confusion.
"Most definitely baby! It's gonna be hot. I've been hard all week thinking about it," Joel told her.
"I don't know honey, my ass was sore for a week after you and Tad DP'D me in Miami," Shannon said worriedly.
"That's the reason you'll want to wear it. Pornstars use rosebuds to stretch their assholes out before anal scenes. They say they're very comfortable and stimulating. I did some research on it and they say to start with the smallest size for a couple hours then move to medium and lastly the large before you have anal sex. Studies prove it makes anal much easier and more pleasurable when your ass is properly prepped. I only got the small and medium to start with. If those work well I'll order the larger sizes," Joel said with conviction as he tried to convince his wary wife.
"Maybe," Shannon said pessimistically. She picked up the small rosebud and examined it closely.
"Wow, it's heavy for how small it is. I do love the the jewel at the end though! It looks really cool," Shannon said with a concerned smile on her face.
Joel sensed his wife becoming more open to the idea and knew right then he had to sell his case. He walked over, pulled Shannon close and whispered in her ear.
"Think Of Tads reaction when you bend over in front of him. Your dress will ride up, and he'll get a look at your bare pussy lips. But the coup de grace will be a brilliant gem shining where your asshole should be! You'll make him jizz right there, not to mention any other men,"
"Ohh, that does sound hot! Ok, I'll try it for you, but only because I love you. One thing though, I'm going to take it out right away at the bar if it's uncomfortable...agreed," Shannon said to her beaming husband.
"Of course baby, we'll start with the small one. After a couple hours you can put the larger one in or take both out completely, it's your call," Joel said as blood rushed to his engorged cock, growing immensely in anticipation of the night.
"Oh by the way, their is one other thing I expect. I ordered you a little surprise. I wasn't going to show you until later, but if I'm going to wear a jeweled butt plug then I expect you to wear my little surprise. It's in the toy drawer next to the lube," Shannon said with a devious smile on her face as she returned to the bathroom to finish getting ready for the night.
Joel walked over to the dresser and opened the drawer. Inside he found a small box labeled, triple cock display ring. He opened the box and took out the cock ring. The stainless steel cock toy had three different size O rings welded together in a triangle shape. He marveled at the sturdy construction and weight of the display ring. Joel set the cock ring down and read the directions that came with the box. After reading the instructions he sat on the end of the bed and carefully slid the largest ring around his cock and balls like a normal cockring. He then took his balls and squeezed them through the medium size ring. Lastly he eased his cock shaft through the smallest sized ring. Joel stood up and examined himself in the bedroom mirror. He was amazed at how well the triple ring displayed his manhood. The large ring squeezed his cock and balls, simultaneously slightly pushing it all forward. The medium ring pulled, held, and thrust his balls forward not allowing them to pull back into his body cavity. And the small ring provided slight pressure to his shaft stimulating sensation to his already engorged package. Joel smiled and called to his wife.
"Check it out babe!"
Shannon walked into the bedroom and her mouth dropped open.
"OMG, it makes you look huge Joel," Shannon exclaimed.
"How does it feel?"
"It's tight, yet stimulating, the pressure keeps me semi hard. Good choice you sneaky slut," Joel teased.
Joel pulled on his tight designer jeans without any underwear. His triple cock ring barely allowed him to pull his pants over his pushed out package. Next he put on a black fitted dress shirt along with a tan Ralph Lauren sport coat. He finished it all off with a watch and five squirts of his favorite Prada cologne. Satisfied he flicked the t.v. on until his wife was ready.
Thirty minutes later Shannon emerged from the bathroom looking like a sex goddess. Her black rubber dress hugged and caressed every curve of her body. The black rubber barely covered the nipples of her heaving tits. Only the thinnest of rubber straps around her neck kept her tits from spilling out from its latex embrace. The choker glittered around her proclaiming the word "sexy" like a neon sign. The new earrings he purchased dangled an inch below her lobes advertising she was "bad" to everyone in bright glittery diamond. She stood a whole seven inches taller than her actual height from the black platform seven inch stiletto heels that sheathed her tan feet.
"How do I look," Shannon said as she spun a circle for her gawking husband.
Before he could reply she noticed the prominent bulge in the front of Joel's jeans.
"OMG honey, is the cock ring doing that? Your package looks amazing! Shannon exclaimed.
"Ya it really pushes my junk forward and out, but you're what's making it really swell right now. Are you ready for our little coup de grace?" Joel breathed heavily.
"Mmm hmm," Shannon breathed as she turned around, bent over, and placed her hands on the wall. As soon as she bent over her short dress rode up exposing her bare pussy and ass.
"Shit, even if you bend over a little your exposed,"Joel breathed heavily as he picked up the small rosebud. He applied a tiny amount of lubricant to the shiny stainless steel.
"Here it comes!"
Shannon felt slight pressure on her asshole as Joel gently massaged the tip of the toy against her hole.
"Just relax honey, I'm gonna push it in now," Joel said.
The slippery metal slid easily into her tight ass. She felt it split open her sphincter as its widest point slid in. She relaxed her ass and felt a satisfying fullness as the jeweled end snuggled up against her asshole.
"Ahh, How does it look?" Shannon asked. She actually liked the feeling of the jewel in her ass.
"All I can say is wow! Wow! Wow!" This is taking it to a whole new level baby. Are you ok with it? Does it feel alright?" Joel asked in rapid fire succession.
"Surprisingly, I actually really like it. I feels good, like my asshole is constantly having attention paid to it. I don't think I can take the bigger one though! This one is filling me up quite well," Shannon purred.
"That's why you start with the small size. In a couple hours your ass will be stretched and relaxed enough for you to take the next biggest size. Don't worry about it now, if you just want to keep that one in all night you can. We'll keep the bigger one in your clutch incase you change your mind," Joel reassured his wife.
"Cmon stud, we don't want to be late picking up John and Sara!" Shannon said grabbing her husbands hand and leading him to the car.
——-
John watched his wife walk out of the bedroom for the fifth time. Each of the previous four times she'd went back because her outfit wasn't just right. The texts Joel had sent them last night convinced them that she had to wear something that was extraordinarily. First she came out in a little black dress that highlighted her amazing body. It looked great but they both agreed it was a little boring. Next she came out in a short jean skirt and white tube top that hugged her 36DD chest. She did a couple spins for him, but decided it wasn't skimpy enough before he could even make a comment. For her third try she came out in a short black tube dress that clung to her every curve.
"Closer honey, but I'm thinking a touch more extreme," John reassured her.
The next time Sara walked out, John grinned with approval.
"That's it baby, fucking perfect!" John cheered.
Sara had on a tiny, sheer, loose fitting, white fishnet string tank top that was so short the bottom of her tits were visible. she paired it with a pair of low rise, hip hugger, side lace, daisy dukes that clung to her voluptuous ass. She completed the outfit with a pair of six inch white stiletto heels.
"I know I usually only wear these around the house for you, are you ok if I wear them out tonight?" Sara begged.
"You did good baby, we just need to make a few adjustments. Go find your smallest black g-string," John told his wife.
Sara peeled off her shorts and quickly walked back to her room in search of the perfect g-string. She didn't usually wear thongs but she was ok with Johns request. John loved when Sara showed off her magnificent ass and this little adjustment would help her with that. Tired of impatiently waiting on the couch he walked to the bedroom where Sara was pulling on a tiny black g-string. John tossed the shorts on the bed to her with a devious smile. Sara held up the shorts and examined them with admiration before pulling them on. The back was so short they rode up her ass crack exposing over half her ass. The front was cut so high that you could see the sides of the black g-string she was wearing at her crotch. Sara spun around a few times examining herself in the mirror.
"Wow, these are really small baby, you sure you're alright with me wearing them?" Sara asked hoping he would say yes.
"Hell yes, I just need to make one little adjustment, turn around," John said as he slid his hand under her shorts and pulled up the straps of her thong up exposing the g-string she was wearing underneath.
"I love it when I see women exposing their thongs in public. I was hoping you would do it for me tonight," John pleaded.
"I'll do anything for you John, anything," Sara whispered back in a sultry voice.
Saturday 9:20 PM
The engine of Joel and Shannon's black Challenger SRT 8 roared as the couple cruised down the highway on the way to their friends house. Joel alternated between shifting the Manuel transmission and rubbing his wife's sexy left leg as they chatted. The pressure from Shannon's rosebud tingled every nerve ending in her ass. The constant stimulation and vibration from the car kept her in a state of heightened arousal. They pulled into the driveway ten minutes later and walked hand in hand to the front door to ring the bell.
Shannon waited in nervous anticipation. Even though she'd been wearing sexy outfits for months now this was the first time they were exposing their lifestyle choice to friends that they knew. She didn't care if strangers judged her, but she did care what her friends thought. Her heart thumped in her chest and the seconds seemed to last minutes.
"Don't worry baby, I promise they are into the same fetishes we are," Joel reassured his wife as he sensed her anxiety.
"I know, I know, it's just that this is the first time they've seen me like this," Shannon nervously giggled.
Before Joel could reply the front door opened and Sara burst out embracing Shannon in a hug.
"OMG, Shan Shan, l missed you so much," Sara screamed as she bounded out the door.
"I know, we have a lot to catch up on," Shannon giggled as she spun a circle for her friend.
"Mmm Joel, looking hot as ever," Sara purred as Joel enveloped her in his arms.
"Missed you to Sara, I mean really missed you," Joel chuckled as he ogled the sex bomb in front of him.
"Come on in, John's mixing us some pre bar cocktails," Sara said, leading her two long lost friends into the house.
The threesome walked into the kitchen and John greeted them with margaritas and a chaser shot of tequila. The second he saw Shannon his jaw hit the floor. She was in a rubber dress that looked like it was poured on over her. Her tits were barely covered and straining against the rubber to burst free, and her heels were so high she stood at least six feet tall.
"Where has this Shannon been all my life," John gasped as he pulled Shannon into a tight embrace.
"Aww thanks John, Oh, by the way, were swingers now!" Shannon blurted out.
Joel laughed as he shook Johns hand and greeted his good friend.
"Missed ya buddy," Joel told him
"Been way too long" John answered back.
"Sara you look fucking amazing. See honey, I told you had nothing to worry about. Sara brought her A-game tonight," Joel commented as he took in every detail of his friends luscious body.
Joel's eyes immediately locked on Sara's amazing 36DD tits. The top she was wearing was totally sheer and gave him a perfect view of her monsters. Sara was obviously very aroused because her nipples were rock hard and prominently sticking out. Her flat, tanned, exposed belly seemed to go on for miles before ending in what he would call some semblance of shorts. When he followed her into the house he made note that most of her ass was totally exposed. The tiny bit that was covered in shorts was only covered slightly more than what a scrunch butt bikini would cover. Her exposed g-string straps only highlighted how small her daisy dukes really were.
"Aww, thanks Joel... and Shannon welcome to the club, we've been dabbling for years in the lifestyle. We always hoped we could corrupt you. But, I see we didn't need to," Sara replied while taking her in her friends slutty outfit and amazing transformation.
"Let's finish these drinks and get going. We have a lot to talk about when we get to Bull Riders," Joel told the group.
———-
The Challenger SRT rumbled into the parking lot of Bull Riders and the foursome spilled out, ready for their first group lifestyle outing. The boys grabbed their spouses hands and confidently walked into the club. The music was pumping and the lights pulsing as Joel and John proudly walked hand in hand with their goddesses to a small table on the quieter side of the bar. Shannon smiled as hundreds of awestruck eyes watched lustfully as they strutted by. The girls suggested a table away from the dance floor where they could talk and catch up. A female bartender wearing a short skirt and crop top greeted them and took their drink orders.
"Sooo, what the fuck guys! How did this all happen?" John asked as his wife gave an approving nod of her head.
"I guess it all started the last time we all went out to Off The Chain. Sara looked amazing and was getting tons of attention. I loved it. When we got home that night I told Shannon how much it turned me on. Her sexy outfit, the looks, the teasing. It reminded me of how Shannon dressed and acted when we first met," Joel said
"I always loved wearing sexy clothes, but after we got married I just thought Joel wouldn't approve anymore. So I started dressing conservative. When Joel confessed how turned on he was by Sara's outfit and the men starring. I confessed how much I used to love showing off and getting hit on," Shannon added.
"From that weekend on we have been slowly pushing our limits and trying new things," Joel said.
"And trying new people," Shannon winked to Sara.
"OMG, I loved that picture of you getting fucked by that guy," Sara commented. "John and I have talked about it many times but have never pulled the trigger. Tell me all about it, I want to hear every detail," Sara begged.
For the next hour Shannon and Joel told them everything they'd experimented with in the last three months. John and Sara pumped them for information on every explicit detail. Recalling the events was making all of them incredibly horny. Shannon massaged Joel's package as she told Sara the juicy details of getting fucked by Tad.
————
Across the bar Justin and Steven watched Shannon and Sara like predatory great white sharks. Tad had hired the pair a month ago to be the eye candy for the wives he was encouraging to frequent his establishment. He found the guys at a local male strip club and made them an offer they couldn't refuse. He explained his plan to make Bull Riders a swing club hybrid. His problem was he wasn't getting enough single attractive men to encourage and tease the hot wives he was bringing in.
"Women want their eye candy just as much as the men do," Tad chuckled as he told them.
"If I can create an atmosphere where hot women and hot men are showing off for the masses, then it will only increase my business, but I can't get the women here if they are not enticed by sexy men. I only have two requirements. One, you can't ever tell anyone that you are on my payroll, and two, you have to have a cock at least nine inches long. If you have any other stripper friends that meet these requirements, send them in and I will make the same offer. For your time, all your drinks will be comped by the house. All you have to do is show up, mingle, and get laid," Tad said convincingly as he concluded his sales pitch.
Justin and Steve called Tad back the next day and agreed to his conditions. Tad asked for a full naked body shot of each to prove they met his strict guidelines. Thirty minutes later his email alerted him of a reply from the strippers. Tad opened the first attachment. It was a picture of Justin with his stats. Italian, 29 years old, 5'10, 200 pounds, 9 inch circumcised cock. Tad glanced at the picture, impressed at what he saw. Next he opened Stevens attachment and stats. Italian, 36 years old, 6'0, 210 pounds, 10 inch circumcised cock. Tad closed the attachments pleased at what he saw. He replied immediately.
"You're hired, be at the club every Saturday from 10:00 until close. Remember the terms of the agreement and dress to impress. See me sometime this week after 5:00 to pick up a charge card that you can use for your free drinks. Thanks, Tad Williams night operations manager, Bull Riders."
Justin and Steven were dressed to impress wearing expensive black Armani suits. The first thing they did before getting a drink was to walk the entire bar and asses the situation. Women all over the bar were watching them with appreciative looks and glances as they strutted by. They spotted Sara and Shannon within minutes of their first quick circuit of the bar and chose a table near to them.
"God damn, look at those sluts," Justin said to Steven as they sat down.
"No kidding, Tad was right about bringing the swinger crowd here. Every guy here is eye fucking them." Steven replied.
"So what's the plan? Walk up and introduce ourselves? Or watch and stalk?" Justin asked.
Steven thought about his choices before replying. "We watch for a while, let them notice us and get a little buzz going before we make a move."
———-
Shannon reached into her purse and felt the large gemmed rosebud. As she slid her fingers over the smooth stainless steel she knew what she wanted to do.
"Will guys excuse us, Sara and I are gonna run the the ladies room quick," Shannon said as she got up and grabbed her clutch purse.
"Do you mind coming," Shannon asked her friend.
"Of course," Sara replied as she got up.
"Be back in a sec boys, be good," Shannon teased.
Sauntering to the ladies room in the back of the club Sara immediately noticed Justin and Steven at a near by table.
"Check them out, that's what I call man meat," Sara laughed.
"It looks delicious, maybe we should try some later," Shannon said mischievously.
"OMG, you are so bad...I love the new Shan Shan! And I don't think their is a maybe about it," Sara coyly replied.
The two sex bombs made sure to walk right by the studs table before heading to the ladies room.
——-
Steven and Justin tried to play it cool as the two sexy women walked by. The blonde was wearing a black dress that clung to every curve.
"I think that's one of those rubber latex thingy's," Steven whispered.
"Whatever it was, it was fucking sexy," Justin replied.
"But, fuck, did you see the tits and ass on the other one! That totally sheer top was off the hook,"
As they discussed the two amazing women Steven glanced over at the husbands. The tall one winked and held up his glass to him. Steven smiled back and thought to himself, "oh, game on motherfucker, time to do what Tad brought us in for."
———
Shannon led Sara into the big stall in the back of the ladies room. She immediately shut the door and placed her hands on the wall.
"Check this out," Shannon said as she bent over and exposed the ruby rosebud that was placed in her ass.
"Wow, What the hell is that?" Sara asked as she closely examined the jeweled butt plug jammed in her friends ass.
"It's a rosebud butt plug! Joel asked me to wear it out. I was hesitant at first but it feels amazing, like I'm constantly stimulated," Shannon said excitedly.
"How does it look?"
"It looks fantastic! It's not uncomfortable?" Sara asked pessimistically.
"That's what I thought at first also, but no, it gave me a strange full feeling the first minute or so, but after that it's been nothing but pleasure. Joel was definitely right about this one," Shannon exclaimed.
"I need a favor," Shannon asked as she retrieved the larger rosebud from her purse.
"Sure, anything," Sara replied with a questioning look on her face.
"I want the next bigger size in my ass. Joel is gonna flip when he sees I put this one in without his encouragement.
Shannon reached around and slowly pulled the smaller plug out of her ass.
"Ohhh, that feels good," she moaned.
Shannon put the small plug back into her clutch before retrieving the lube Joel had placed there. She dabbed a small amount on the smooth stainless steel of the larger rosebud before handing it to Sara.
"Wow, it's heavy," Sara commented as she examined the plug.
"Ok ready, you can put it in me," Shannon said bending over even farther.
Shannon immediately felt the size difference as Sara slowly massaged it deeper and deeper into her ass.
"Ahhh, it's big," Shannon mumbled as the widest part of the rosebud spread her asshole wide.
Sara kept pushing until the rosebud was sucked into her friends ass. The shining diamond end blazed brilliantly from her behind.
"Fuck, that's big...need a second to...fuck... big," Shannon moaned.
Sara watched Shannon's ass muscles contract and expand multiple times as her sphincter tried to become comfortable with the large object inserted in her.
"Just need a second Sara! The first one was much easier," Shannon groaned.
Sara watched her friend in amazement before quickly deciding she wanted a rosebud also. Shannon relaxed against the wall letting her ass adjust while watching Sara peel off her shorts and thong.
"Put the small one in me, I want to feel what your feeling," Sara said handing the ruby rosebud to her friend.
Shannon lubed up the small rosebud and massaged it into her friends amazing ass. Sara's giant ass sucked the smaller version in tight against her anus.
"Oh wow, that does feel good!" Sara panted. How are you doing? Your ass done quivering?" Sara snickered as she teased her friend.
"Ya, this one is heavy, I can feel the weight in my ass, but...It feels amazing!" Shannon said as she used two fingers to spread apart her dripping pussy.
With devious smiles the girls adjusted their outfits and reapplied their makeup before heading back to their husbands.
——
John and Joel both watched their wives strut back to the table as a parade of lustful eyes followed their every move. As they walked past the bar Tad emerged from his office and quickly joined them. He lightly kissed Shannon on the cheek and then shook Sara's hand when Shannon introduced her. A few seconds later Tad and the two girls rejoined them at the table.
"And this is Sara's husband John," Shannon said introducing John to Tad.
"John and Sara, this is the guy in the picture you saw," Shannon said devilishly.
"I like," Sara cooed, looking Tad directly in the eyes.
"I'm guessing by your outfit Sara, you're swingers also?" Tad asked.
"Definitely," John quickly replied.
"So Tad, What's the surprise you have for us?" Joel asked. He could see the visible excitement on his wife's face.
Tad handed a small black box to Joel. Joel slowly opened the box, making sure to tease his wife and not let her get a glimpse. Inside the box was a silver anklet with a small H.W. charm attached to it.
"Nice Tad!" It's fucking perfect," Joel exclaimed.
Joel held up the anklet for the group to see. They all immediately knew that it was a Hotwife anklet.
"We give them to all our swinger hotwives. It's a symbol of your lifestyle choice and dedication to us here at Bull Riders," Tad said proudly.
"I love it Tad! Thanks so much," Shannon purred before planting a big kiss on his lips.
Shannon swiveled in her chair and lifted her right leg up for Joel making sure to expose her bare pussy. Joel carefully attached the Hotwife anklet to his amazing wife. Joel grinned when he noticed Shannon's pussy lips were already glistening and damp.
"Congratulations baby, If you weren't fighting off men before, you're definitely going to be now," Joel said proudly.
"Thanks Joel, I love you," Shannon whispered back.
Shannon recrossed her legs and admired the sexy anklet and charm dangling from her right ankle.
"How do I get one?" Sara asked Tad with a pout.
"Well step one is dressing to impress," Tad replied.
Tad looked Sara up and down. "You definitely have that box checked! The next step is to fuck another man! Of course it will have to be verified by me with a picture...or in person," Tad teased Sara.
"Maybe we can make that happen," John laughed.
Sara leaned back in her chair and imagined being taken by another man as John watched. Her nipples hardened the more she thought about it. John was a definite voyeur who really got off on watching other men stare at her. Some of their best sex was after he'd watched her tease and get eyed fucked by strange men.
"I see someone really likes that idea," Tad said staring at Sara's giant rock hard nipples poking out from underneath her sheer top.
Tad leaned over and placed a hand on Sara's thigh while whispering in her ear. "Have you ever experienced another man fucking you in front of your husband."
"No, but I want it so bad," Sara replied.
"Then you've come to the right place to fulfill your every desire," Tad breathed into her ear as he cupped the bottom of her breast with his rough hands.
Johns cock was fully engorged and throbbing in his pants as he watched Tad whispering to and feeling up his wife in front of the group. Johns deepest fantasies were to direct and watch his wife fucking and sucking in every possible situation. He actually wasn't as interested in the participation aspect of the sex as he was in being the voyeur. One of his favorite fetishes was sharing pictures of his wife in online chat rooms. Sara would join him as men made videos of themselves jacking off and cumiming on her pictures. They'd had many opportunities to swap with other couples but John was more interested watching and directing instead of participating. In his perfect world all his pleasure would be derived from Sara's escapades.
"I have one more thing to show you guys," Tad said to Joel and Shannon as he reluctantly released Sara's heaving breast.
Tad glanced at Sara and John with a mischievous grin before adding. "Your friends can come also if you vouch for them."
"Of course we will," Joel quickly responded.
"Perfect, I was hoping you would! I think you're all gonna like this,"
Tad offered a hand to Shannon and Sara, helping them up from the table.
"Follow me, we have to go upstairs," Tad said with excitement.
The group followed Tad to an elevator at the back of the bar. He slid a key into the lock and the doors slid open. The group walked into an elevator covered from floor to ceiling in mirrors. The girls held their husbands hands as the elevator made a quick trip to the second floor.
"This is the second floor of the club. When we bought the property this was an old warehouse and these were the offices. We use some of them for admin offices, but others...well let's just say they have special purposes," Tad explained to the curious group.
"I never noticed there were rooms up here," Joel commented.
"Ya, we hid them behind a wall of two way glass. The large mirrored wall outside serves as a focal point for the dance floor and the back of the club while at the same time disguising these rooms," Tad replied.
Tad quickly exited and led them down a long hallway lined with three doors spaced fifty feet apart. Shannon's nerve endings tingling with anticipation as she imagined Tads surprise. Tad opened the third door and led them in to a lavishly decorated VIP room. The floor was covered in shiny black marble and the right wall was lined with sumptuous white leather couches. The back wall was two way mirror that reached from floor to ceiling allowing panoramic views of the club below. The left wall covered by a long full service bar.
"This...is our Hotwife swinger, VIP lounge," Tad said proudly as he gestured grandly with his arms. "Only hotwives who have earned their anklet will receive a key to the elevator which grants access to the room," Tad said as he handed a key to Joel and Shannon.
"It's amazing Tad!" Shannon replied in an awestruck voice while walking up to the giant two way mirror wall.
Shannon touched the glass and bent over trying to get a good view of the dance floor below. As she bent she knew full well that everyone behind her would see the diamond rosebud glittering in her asshole.
"It's such a great view," Shannon teased as she bent over ever farther.
"Holy shit! Yes it is," John quickly replied.
"I think we're looking at different views right now, and I guarantee mine is better," Tad exclaimed.
Joel's cock swelled inside his triple cock ring as he thought to himself. "She fucking did it, my little slut went and stuffed the bigger rosebud in her ass." Joel was filled immense pride and love at the initiative Shannon took without his encouragement.
"I'm so glad you boys like the view also," Shannon teased before walking back to the bar where they were all standing.
"The lounge is for your use whenever you attend the club. Sara and John when we get you verified and presented with an anklet you will also receive an elevator key. If you turn around and look at the front wall you'll see my real reason for bringing you up," Tad announced.
On the right side of the front wall hung eight by ten picture frames numbered one through twenty. Half the frames were filled with pictures of beautiful women posing alone or with a hot man. On the left side of the wall hung six poster size frames. Five of the frames were labeled Hotwife bucket list challenges and the sixth was labeled Hotwife rating rubric.
"I present to you...the Hotwife challenge. On the wall are listed one hundred challenges designed to push your sexual limits. As you complete challenges you earn points that move you up the rating rubric. The pictures on the wall are the women on our leader board. The twenty hotwives with the most points will claim a picture frame. As you see only about half the leader board is filled right now. The points are verified by me. You can verify very easily by sending me a picture or video of you completing the challenge," Tad explained to the curious group.
The girls walked up to the challenge list and immediately read some of the items.
"Number one, wear a sheer top in public," Sara read out loud. "Look John, I already earned a point," she said excitingly.
"Number twenty seven, fuck a bull as your husband watches," Shannon said out loud as she shot fuck me eyes at Tad. "I really liked that one Sara! I suggest you try it ASAP," Shannon giggled.
"Number thirty six, Have your husband bet you in a game of poker...and lose," John read.
John's cock nearly burst out of his pants as he thought of betting his wife in a game of poker with six or more guys.
"Mmm, I can tell you like that one baby," Sara said grasping Johns quickly swelling and bulging cock.
"I like this one John! Number ninety six, make a sex tape and post it online. After last night I know how you like to direct," Joel commented.
"Hell yes," John laughed.
"The best part is that their is more than bragging rights available with the challenges. For every ten points you accumulate you earn prizes," Tad explained.
"What kind of prizes," Shannon asked while squeezing Tads firm ass.
"Your first prize at the ten point level is a bikini from the retailer of your choice. As your earn more points the prizes become bigger. The biggest prize we are offering right now is an all expense paid trip to the Desire Riviera Maya swingers resort in the Caribbean," Tad told them.
"Wow, that's awesome, but I think the best reward is actually completing the challenges with my soul mate here," Joel said as he kissed his wife on the cheek.
How many points do I have Tad," Shannon asked the handsome club manager.
"Let me mix you guys up some drinks. While you guys relax I'll tally up what I can verify I saw in the last few months," Tad answered
Mmm, thank you Tad, I'm so excited to begin your little game!"
Shannon wrapped her arms around Tad and pulled him in for a deep passionate kiss. Her tongue flicked and probed his mouth as his strong powerful hands firmly squeezed her rubberized ass. Sara jealously watched her friend brazenly make out with Tad, her pussy dripped with need for the same. Shannon broke the embrace and grabbed Sara's hand leading her to the two way mirrored glass wall.
"Let's look for those hot guys we saw earlier," Shannon said as they scanned the massive crowd below.
"Dirty girl, I totally agree," Sara replied enthusiastically.
John got comfortable at the bar and started up a conversation with Tad. Joel grabbed the girls drinks and joined them people watching at the window. The beat and pulse of the music easily reached the second floor VIP room and the girls swayed rhythmically to the beat. Joel stood behind his wife and pushed his crotch against her ass as they watched. Shannon smiled and turned around and quietly whispered in Joel's ear.
"Stand behind Sara and grind on her, she really wants you."
Joel smiled and nodded his head while taking a sip of his cocktail. Without missing a beat Joel eased up behind Sara and placed one hand on her waist and slowly rubbed his swollen crotch against her ass to the beat of the music. Sara turned her head slightly when she felt the pressure from behind and smiled.
"Mmm, I like that," Sara purred while pushing her thick ass onto Joel's cock.
The two gyrated and moved to the beat of the pulsing music as they chatted.
"You see those two guys in the black suits down there honey?" Shannon asked Joel.
"Sure do, they were checking you two out big time earlier," he replied.
"Ya I know, they're so fucking hot," Shannon purred.
"Their our man meat," Sara sultrily added.
Shannon turned around and called out to Tad. "Tad their are some real attractive men in here tonight! I think your grand plan is working."
"Yes it is, I'm glad you like what your seeing," Tad answered her with a mischievous laugh.
He thought, "Little did she know he hired the men she was most likely talking about,"
Sara loved the feeling of Joel grinding on her ass. She'd fantasized about this many times with John and her pussy was absolutely gushing. She chugged her drink and set it on the ledge and slowly gyrated against Joel. She was in pure ecstasy as his cock throbbed against her. Sensing Sara's excitement Joel chugged his drink and wrapped a hand around her chest lifting up her top and massaging her huge tit.
"Yes, grab my titties Joel," Sara moaned as Shannon scanned the crowd next to them.
The two ground against each other at the window while John watched with a raging hardon from the bar with Tad. He watched as Joel rubbed and massaged his wife's ass. He about lost it when Joel lifted up her shirt and cupped her bare breasts while dry humping her from behind.
"Your not a participator?" Tad asked John while his wife dirty danced with his good friend.
"Not really, I like to watch her when she's like this! It's like a drug to see her writhing in pleasure! She'll take care of me later. I'm into this to watch her," John explained.
"Nothing wrong with being a voyeur! I have a feeling she is gonna give us some good shows in the future," Tad said expectantly.
"I'm gonna make sure of it! Shannon is gonna get a run for her money. It's my goal to make sure Sara experiences every one of her slutty desires,"
"And I'm sure a few of yours also," Tad chuckled.
Joel watched his wife intently as she gyrated to the music next to him. Her entire focus was on the two studs she'd seen earlier in the night. He repeatedly caught her reaching down and touching her pussy.
"Like what you see baby?" Joel asked his entranced wife as she moved to the beat.
"I more than like baby, I get so horny when I see a hot guy in an expensive suit! And those two are H. O. T." Shannon quickly replied.
Joel leaned over and kissed Sara's earlobe before whispering to her. "What about you? You like that also?"
"Do I ever! That's some man meat I need to taste," Sara moaned loudly.
"Ohhh, she wants it just as much as you baby!" Joel said back to his mesmerized wife.
"I want it so bad I can taste it! Sara you want to pick up some man meat with me," Shannon deviously asked.
"Hey Tad, can we bring people up here?" Shannon asked Tad from the window.
"Unfortunately, only VIP members are allowed up here. All your exploits with non members need to happen in the club or off premises," Tad replied.
"Bummer," Shannon whispered only loud enough for Joel to hear. "It would have been amazing to bring the studs up here to play," Shannon thought sadly to herself.
Seeing his wife's disappointment Joel immediately made a suggestion. "Go ahead honey, go down there and do your thing! I'll watch from up here. I have the perfect birds eye view. Text me if you want anything more from them and we will come up with a plan," Joel reassured his wife.
Joel spun Sara around and firmly grabbed her ass as he pulled her in for a minute long make-out session. She moaned loudly and grabbed his cock as they kissed. He moved to her ear and quietly whispered. "I want you to go down there with her and do everything in your power to get that man meat to fuck you both! You know that's what John wants, don't deny it. This is your opportunity to make your fantasy happen," Joel prodded her.
"Hell yes, I want that so bad," Sara purred.
Joel handed Shannon the elevator key and kissed his wife before wishing her luck.
"Remember, when things start heating up, text us. John and I will have a plan that will satisfy us all."
"Feel this," Shannon said grabbing Joel's hand and placing it on her pussy. "You make me so fucking wet when you let me hit on guys," Shannon breathlessly told her soul mate.
The threesome walked to the bar next to John and Tad. Joel sat on the stool next to John.
"John, you ok with the girls going down to the bar to flirt with the two hot guys in the suits who were sitting by us!" Joel told more than asked John.
John looked at his wife and saw the pure carnal desire oozing from her. Shannon waited with baited breath, her heart racing for her friends yay or nay.
"That's what I wanted to hear all night long," John thought before replying. "Nothing would make me happier than watching you seduce some men that get you as hot as I see you are now!" John replied to the cheers of the group.
"And by the way, I want to watch you do more than flirt with them later tonight! Just putting that out there! John said excitedly.
Tad mixed the girls new drinks before they made their way back to the elevator and the bar. Joel and John pulled some bar stools right up to the two way glass in preparation of the show.
"I gotta head back down to the bar and do a little managing tonight," Tad chuckled. "The bar is open up here, feel free to drink as much as you want."
"Thanks Tad, we greatly appreciate every thing you do,"
"No worries, check ya later," Tad said as he made his way back down to his staff.
———-
Steven and Justin were having a great time. They'd been flirting and talking with many different women over the last hour. They were pretty disappointed when the two hot women they'd initially stalked disappeared with their husbands. But, they had to admit, this was a pretty good gig. Free drinks all night and all they had to do was hit on women. Steven set his drink down and glanced to his left. To his amazement the two sluts they had originally stalked were sitting a few tables down chatting animatedly to each other. Steven elbowed Justin, interrupting a conversation he was having with a cute twenty something brunette.
"They're baaacckk," Steven said in his predator voice.
Justin glanced over and smiled, happy to see his original prey back in play. He quickly dismissed the girl he was chatting with and put his full attention back on the sexy sluts from earlier. Justin and Steven continued their small talk as they watched the women intently. The blonde caught them staring at her and slowly licked her lips with her tongue while smiling at them. They watched the blonde giggle and obviously tell the brunette about them. The brunette glanced their way and smiled mischievously as she sucked on her drink through her straw.
———-
"I think the predators have caught scent of their prey," John chucked as he watched the two men eyeing their wives.
"The question is, who's the predator right now and who's the prey?" Joel said seriously.
"We'll find out soon enough my brother," John said excitedly.
————
"Good, they noticed us! Did you see how fast they booted the girl they were talking too," Shannon giggled.
"My god Shannon, I've never felt this exhilarated before! I'm nervous and anxious and excited all all once," Sara said
"And horny," Shannon reminded her.
"Does it always feel like this when Joel let's you roam?" Sara asked.
"It definitely does for me, that's why we live for the weekends now! We're both constantly chasing this high. Shannon answered.
Shannon caught them staring directly at them and licked her lips, smiling seductively in return.
"I just caught them staring and smiled. Look over and give them a fuck me look," Shannon told Sara quietly.
Sara looked directly at them while taking a very suggestive sip of her drink.
"OMG, that was so exciting," Sara cried.
"Now that we have their full attention we can make them come to us," Shannon schemed.
Shannon twisted slightly in her chair so her body was facing the hot studs more directly. When she noticed them looking again she slowly opened her legs and recrossed them. She saw them smile in appreciation when they viewed her totally shaved bare pussy. When Sara noticed Shannon had gotten their full attention with her up-skirt flash she seductively squeezed her hard nipple before taking another drink through her straw.
"Perfect Sara, they'll be over here in no time," Shannon purred.
The two sex bombs continued their conversation about their sexual desires while they waited for their man meat to attack its prey.
——-
Justin's mouth fell open when the blond brazenly spread her legs open before slowly recrossing them again. She wasn't wearing panties and her pussy was totally bare, just the way he liked it.
"I can't believe their husbands left them alone," Steven said after he viewed the blondes amazing pussy.
Within seconds the brunette across the table from her caressed her breast while pinching her large protruding nipple. She capped it off by staring at them with sultry fuck me eyes.
"I think that's all the invitation we need, but we'll make them wait for a bit before we head over to them," Justin said with a predatory look.
"What if their husbands return," Steven asked. "Maybe we should approach them now. I don't want to deal with excess baggage and lose them for a second time tonight."
Justin laughed out loud. "I don't think we need to worry about their husbands. The blonde has an anklet on her right ankle. That means she's available to fuck," he explained to his friend.
Tads studs for hire finished their drinks and walked up to the bar for refills. Justin ordered four shots and two vodka rocks. Steven grinned when he caught the women subtly watching them from their table as they collected their drinks.
"Im so gonna fuck the shit out of these sluts," Justin thought as they confidently began advancing towards their prey. From their table the women's eyes followed them greedily as they made the short trek from the bar.
"Hello, I'm Justin and this is Steven. We were hoping we could join you," Justin said with his typical alpha male confidence.
He set the round of shots on the ladies table and flashed his best smile.
"Well...are you good guys? Or bad guys? Because we're not at all interested in meeting good guys tonight," Shannon said seductively while uncrossing and recrossing her barely covered legs.
"Oh! We're definitely bad boys! Are you sexy ladies down for some trouble making tonight?" Steven quickly replied without hesitation.
"You don't even know how much we were hoping you would say that! What do you think Shannon? Should we let these guys join us?" Sara giggled.
"Well I've always had a hard time saying no to a hot guy in a sexy suit," Shannon said winking at Sara. "Plus, if they're naughty also, how can we say no," Shannon answered while reaching over and lightly massaging Stevens arm.
"Is that Italian? I just love Italians...suits I mean," Shannon laughed as she felt the expensive fabric.
"You know your suits well, lucky for you the suits along with everything inside them is all Italian. I'm Steven and this is Justin. We saw you earlier and knew we had to meet you!" Steven said.
"Sara and Shannon," Sara responded while pointing at her friend.
Shannon looked at Steven's swell bulging from the crotch of his form fitting pants and thought to herself. "I'm definitely gonna make sure I get a little of what's inside those pants later." She could tell just by looking at his package that he was above average in size. "OMG, could this be the night I get a monster," she thought again. Shannon had never taken anything bigger than Tad, and his eight inches had rocked her world. Shannons pussy started dripping imagining the cock she might unwrap.
"You guys ready for a shot?" I believe It's always best to start off a new friendship with a toast," Steven said mischievously.
Both the women quickly agreed to the shots while at the same time inviting them to sit at their table. As the studs joined them Sara coyly reached over and ran her hand over Justin's abs.
"Ohhh Shannon, he has hard abs! I like, I like," Sara purred.
"That's not the only thing that's hard right now..." Justin wolfishly replied as he gazed at Sara's eraser hard nipples protruding from under her sheer top.
Steven held his glass up and made a toast. "Here's to two hot women and two mildly attractive men achieving much, much, more than friendship tonight."
Shannon and Sara smiled deviously at each other as they tipped up their glasses and downed the shots in one gulp. Steven reached over and lightly felt the material of Shannon's dress.
"Your dress feels amazing, Is it rubber?" Justin and I were wondering when we saw you walk by earlier. I have to say, you look fucking spectacular in it!"
"Yes, it's a rubber latex dress my husband picked out for me. I'm glad you like," Shannon replied as she took Steven's hand, discretely placing it on the tiny bit of rubber dress that covered her thigh. "Feel free to touch it as much as you want. I don't mind at all," Shannon told him.
"I notice that both of you have big diamonds on your fingers. Does that mean you're off the market for two good looking guys like us?"
"We're off the market for relationships, but our husbands definitely approve of us being on the market for..." Sara paused as she and her friend began loudly giggling.
"And where are your husbands now? Justin asked, genuinely curious.
"Johns probably got his cock out stroking right now as he watches me," Sara thought to herself smiling inwardly.
"They're around somewhere, they might join or meet us later if you know what I mean, but don't worry about them! Why don't you pull that stool up closer to me, you're so far away," Shannon told the two gawking men in a deadly serious voice that left no room for an argument.
For the next thirty minutes the group chatted and flirted. Steven sat inches away from Shannon with his hand massaging her inner thigh. Justin was standing up directly in front of Sara's stool. Her legs were spread wide for him to stand directly between them. Sara massaged Justin's ass slowly with her left hand. The sexual was tension building up second by second. After over an hour of wearing it, Shannon's large rosebud had totally stretched her ass out. Her ass muscles were totally relaxed and every nerve ending in her tiny behind was tingling. Very subtly Shannon began to rock on her stool, grinding her ass into the rosebud. Each tiny movement she made ground the rosebud in her ass deeper sending explosions of pleasure throughout her body.
"Ahh," Shannon quietly moaned.
"Damn you Joel, I can barely contain myself from fucking this rosebud right here at the table," Shannon thought.
Steven heard Shannons low moan and took that for a sign that she was really loving his hand massaging her leg.
"Time to push the limit a bit and be the bad boy she wants," Steven thought.
Emboldened, Steven moved his hand all the way up to were Shannon's long tanned leg met her pussy lips. Slowly he began to massage and rub making sure his pinky split her bare dripping lips. Within seconds his finger was completely drenched from the sluts soaked lips. As soon as he felt Shannon's warm stickiness his cock began to swell and engorge in his pants.
"Mmm, yes," she mumbled quietly while slightly thrusting her hips up. The small thrusts ground the rosebud and pressed his fingers even more tightly against her snatch.
"OMG, I'm gonna cum right here on the bar stool," Shannon thought in horror, but she couldn't help herself. The rosebud in her ass, Steven massaging her thigh, combined with his finger lightly touching her pussy was sending her over the edge.
Shannon leaned into Steven, kissed his earlobe and panted quietly in his ear. "You're a fucking bad boy, I love it! But I need a break or I'm gonna cum right here.
Justin watched his friend make a move on Shannon and he immediately decided to match his buddies intensity. He pushed himself directly up against Sara, leaned in and slowly starting kissing her on the lips.
"Holyshit, I hope John is seeing this!" Sara thought as she passionately returned the kiss. She placed her hands on his chest and felt the firm hardness of his pectoral and abdominal muscles. Her body screamed in excitement as Justin placed both his rough hands on her milky thighs while his tongue flicked and delved into her open mouth.
Steven coughed and broke Sara and Justin's lip lock. "Why don't we head to the dance floor and burn off some of this alcohol before another round of drinks and shots."
"I'd love to! How about you Sara?" Shannon asked, incredibly happy to get off her bar stool. Getting up literally prevented an orgasmic explosion.
"I'm in, I'm not letting this stud out of my sight tonight," Sara purred.
Ping.
Shannon pulled her iPhone out of her clutch and checked her message. Steven watched her with a concerned look as she read.
"Hey, you look amazing down there! John and I were thinking we would run and get a room at the closest hotel If you two want to fuck those guys later. Let us know. P.S. tell Sara John is standing here with his cock out, jacking off!"
Steven watched Shannon's expression light up into a mischievous smile. She immediately leaned over and whispered into her friends ear. "The guys want to know if they should get a hotel room so we can fuck this man meat later! What do ya think...you in?
"Hell yes, tell them to do it and text us when they have the room ready," Sara whispered back.
"Sorry guys, one second, it's just our husbands, no worries," Shannon said as her fingers flew over her phone.
"Do it...text us name and room number as soon as ready and we'll drive there...love you more than the world."
Shannon slid her phone back into her clutch while winking at Sara and nodding her head.
"Everything ok?" Justin asked with a note of concern in his voice.
"Oh, more than fine! Our husbands are gonna set up a little surprise for us later if you baaad boys are willing to join us," Sara deviously teased.
"We're definitely in, let's hit the dance floor until then," Steven said taking Shannon's hand.
Justin wrapped his arm around Sara and the foursome eased their way into the thumping beat, pulsing vibrations, and sea of writhing bodies on the dance floor. Steven led the group through the mass of gyrating intertwined dancers to a small open area in the back corner. Steven found a small vacant area and grabbed Shannon by the waist and pulled her firmly against his hard body. Justin eased up behind Sara and let her grind her bubble butt against the straining material of his crotch. The song Shots by LMFAO began blaring from the massive sound system as the group began dancing to the pumping beat.
"I fucking love this song" Shannon thought as she straddled Stevens thigh and began grinding hard to the fast beat of the song. She interlocked her hands around Stevens neck as he reached around her waist and firmly placed both his hands on her ass. Her rubber dress was so short it rode up only covering half her ass. As her hips thrust up and down in perfect rhythm with Steven's body, Shannon's diamond rosebud glittered brightly. The giant visible diamond was clearly exposed to anyone watching her half covered ass grind against Stevens leg.
"Mmm, he really knows how to move," Shannon thought as her bare pussy lips ground onto the expensive Italian fabric of Stevens leg. She lost all sense of time and was totally oblivious to her her dress riding up so high. Totally entranced, Shannon blocked everything out except Steven and their passionate dry humping.
"OMG, he is completely hard...or he has a really large dick," Sara thought.
Justin had his hand on Sara's hips as he moved and gyrated his swollen crotch on her amazing ass. Bouncing to the beat, Sara's loose sheer mesh top refused to hold her massive 36DD tits in. Every time she bent forward her tits flopped out and swung freely in the wind. Sara felt a nervous exhilaration from exposing herself so completely to the mass of people on the dance floor. Jealous men closely watched Justin and her with envy. She could feel Justin's approval growing larger on her twirking ass by the minute. Frustrated that she had to keep adjusting her top Sara turned around and put her mouth to his ear.
"I'm gonna face the wall so I don't have to keep adjusting my top, ok. Keep doing what your doing. Your cock feels so good against my ass!" Sara nearly shouted in his ear over the blaring music.
Sara faced the wall and resumed her erotic dancing to the disappointment of many gawking eyes. With renewed vigor Justin eased up behind her and roughly ground his fully engorged cock against her ass.
Slap! Slap! Slap!
Justin's hand crashed multiple times against Sara's micro short exposed ass. He thrust himself up against her and pulled her black thong straps up causing the crotch to rise up and wedge between her soaked pussy lips. With her back facing the majority of the crowd Sara was totally unconcerned about her tits being exposed. Relaxed, and bursting with sexual desire she bent over even more, letting her heaving breasts flop and slap against each other freely as she danced. Sara continued to bend over even more. Entranced, Justin backed off her ass to get a good view of the merchandise he was sure he would be sampling later.
"Holy fuck! This ass is legendary," he thought to himself while taking in every luscious detail.
Sara's shorts were riding up the crack of her pussy and the outside edges of her pussy mound were clearly visible. A wet sheen completely covered her entire camel toed pubic area. The sides of the ruby colored rosebud sparkled and blazed at Justin like a neon sign saying...fuck me hard!
"This goddamned slut is wearing a buttplug," Justin thought to himself as he took a double take of Sara's twirking ass. Justin adjusted his rock hard cock and pulled Sara back up into a standing position. Justin made eye contact with his buddy next to him. He nodded his head while making a circling motion with his pointer finger indicating he should turn Shannon around and get behind her. Steven nodded his head in acknowledgment with a slightly questioning look, but he quickly spun Shannon around and placed her side by side with Sara. As soon as Steven eased up behind Shannon he saw the glittering diamond plug snuggled up against her asshole.
"Mother fucker!" He mouthed quietly to his buddy next to him as he pointed at the glittering gem protruding from the ass of the rubber clad goddess in front of him.
"She has one too," Justin mouthed back as he pointed at Sara's jiggling ass.
Two two male strippers knocked fists as they continued their dirty dancing. Steven bent Shannon over slightly more, allowing her rubber dress to rise up even higher. Shannon's visibly drenched pussy glistened almost as much as the sparkly gem. Overcome with lust, Steven shoved his massively bulging crotch directly against the rosebud protruding from her ass. He began roughly grinding and thrusting against her to the beat of the music. The hardness of the rosebud against his throbbing manhood made him even more insatiable as he increased his dry humping thrusts.
"Ahhhh fuck," Shannon cried out loudly as Steven ground his crotch directly on her rosebud. The pressure from his cock firmly pressed against the butt plug sent waves of pleasure shooting throughout her nether regions.
"He obviously got a glimpse of the gem and liked what he saw," Shannon mischievously thought to herself.
Every thrust and grind from behind brought her closer to climax. Sweat glistened and dripped off her sweating body. Her pussy felt like a faucet had been turned on to full blast. She could literally feel the creamy liquid draining out of her. Shannon gazed over at her grinding friend with a zoned out lustful expression. Sara's right tit was exposed and bouncing freely while Justin's left hand cupped and fondled her left breast. She watched her friend panting heavily as Justin dry fucked her from behind.
"Shit, the only thing preventing them from fucking is their clothes," Shannon thought.
Seeing Sara's tits fully exposed inspired Shannon to release her perfect 34DD monsters from their tight rubber encasement. With her bare breasts swinging wildly she took Stevens right hand off her waist and placed it on her exposed bouncing titty. Steven immediately twisted and tweaked her hard nipple while continuing his thrusting from behind.
"Ahhh yes," Shannon moaned loud enough for Steven to hear over the pulsing beats.
The torrid grinding and humping continued for almost an hour before Shannon realized how much time had passed. Mortified she might have missed Joel's text message she quickly grabbed the iPhone out of her clutch. She hurriedly swiped the screen and checked for text message alerts.
"Thank god, that would have been horrible," she thought with a visibly relieved sigh when she saw she hadn't missed the text from Joel. Desperately needing a fresh drink Shannon tucked her big breasts back into their tight wrapping and pulled her rubber dress down over her slick body.
"Let's get some more drinks, I need a break! This naughty boy here nearly made me cum on the dance floor," Shannon panted as she jerked her thumb in Stevens direction.
"It looks light you did," Sara giggled while pointing at the creamy wet sheen completely covering the crotch of Stevens designer pants.
Steven glanced down and laughed when he saw Shannon's pussy juices all over the front of his slacks.
"No worries, I think it looks fucking sexy," Steven said as he took his sport coat off and covered his crotch area.
The horny foursome slithered through the dancing crowd on their trek back to the bar. Justin flagged a bartender down and ordered two rounds of shots and four vodka cranberries.
"I think it's time for a little swapping," Justin said deviously as he placed his arm around Shannon and pulled her close.
"I agree, bad guys need to sample all the goods available," Steven replied pulling Sara into a tight embrace.
The sexy female bartender delivered the shots and drinks to the thirsty group.
"Here's to the best fucking dancing I've had in years," Sara purred while chugging the potent alcohol.
Shannon passed out the second round of shots and made another toast. "Here's to bad boys."
They sexy group tapped glasses before gulping down the second round of delicious libations. Shannon took a napkin and dipped it in a glass of water.
"Let me clean up that mess," she giggled as she slowly cleaned up the mess she left on the crotch of Stevens pants.
"Ohh fuck," Steven thought as the goddess cupped his package while cleaning him up. The touch of her hand on his crotch caused his cock and balls to swell into a massive lump.
"Oh my! What kind of surprise are you keeping hidden in here!" Shannon purred as she cleaned.
"OMG, his package is huge," she thought delightedly, wanting to pull it out right there and get a look.
"It's a big surprise that I know you're gonna love. You feel like opening it up later," he replied seriously.
"Mmm hmmm, big presents are my favorite to open," she replied as she gave his balls a firm squeeze.
Ping.
Shannon reluctantly removed her hand from Stevens package, but excitedly retrieved the phone from her clutch. Sara raised her eyebrows and looked on expectantly as she read the text from Joel.
"Beachcombers Inn, 2695 15th Ave South, room 225, 10 minutes away, we are waiting expectantly!! Love you."
Shannon read the words happily and immediately text her reply.
"So horny, see you in 20, p.s. I think these guys are hung, So excited! Love you."
Shannon nodded her head to Sara communicating that everything was a go.
"I don't know about you guys, but I'm ready to fuck! It's time to take us for a ride...and I'm not just talking about in your car," Sara said bluntly as she began walking towards the exit.
"Let's go guys, I'm assuming you have a car?" Shannon said as the group followed Sara to the exit.
The girls climbed into the backseat of Stevens Dodge Ram 1500 and Sara entered the address for the motel into her phone.
"Turn right out of the parking lot and then left on 15th Avenue," Sara told the curious men in the front seat.
"Where we going?" Justin asked unable to restrain his curiosity any longer.
"How open are you guys to trying new things?" Shannon asked mischievously.
"Very open if it's with you ladies," they both immediately chimed in.
"It's a little motel about ten minutes away called the Beachcomber Inn. We want you to take us there and fuck our brains out! Make us scream and beg for more," Sara said sultrily.
"We're gonna do more than make you scream and beg," Steven quickly answered.
"But...there is one other thing, and this is the crazy part," Shannon said as she inwardly prepared to break the news. "Our husbands rented the room and are already there waiting for us, you guys ok with that?"
"Haha, Hell yes, Steven and I will give them a performance they'll remember for years. We figured you were swingers the second we saw you two strutting around," Justin said oozing confidence.
"We were so hoping you would say that," Sara purred as she leaned over to whisper in Shannon's ear. "I want Justin first ok, I've been thinking about him since we left the dance floor, and I know you want to sample Steven first,"
"Definitely," Shannon quickly replied.
The truck pulled into the BeachComber Inn parking lot. The parking lot was nestled in between a three story U shaped motel. All the hallways were on the outside of the building facing the parking lot. Lights were clearly visible through random occupied windows of the patrons who had their blinds open. Shannon gazed around looking for her husband before pulling out her phone.
"Hey honey we're here!"
Ping.
"Left side, second floor, halfway down, I'll wave," was the reply.
Shannon gazed halfway down the second floor balcony on the left side and saw her husband waving inside the window of room 225.
"Ok, I see the room," Shannon told the group while taking Steven's hand and leading everyone up to the second floor and their waiting husbands. Walking down the 2nd floor hallway the group passed many rooms with their drapes open. In one room a couple was relaxing on the bed watching tv. A couple doors down, two businessmen were visible inside playing cards. A few doors down from that a large group of college kids were inside playing drinking games. As they walked past the open windows no one seemed to notice the scantily clad women strutting by. Seconds later Sara excitedly knocked on the room labeled 225.
"Welcome to club Deviant! Where your deepest, darkest, desires are fulfilled," John said as he opened the door and let the group in.
"Hey guys, I'm Joel and that crazy guy is John! Thanks for taking care of our wives and getting them here safely! I promise it was worth your while," Joel said as he and John shook the hands of the bulls who would be ravaging their wives within minutes.
"Trust me...it was our pleasure," Steven said while gazing wolfishly at Shannon's rubber encased body.
"Guys, this is Justin and this is Steven! They've taken real good care of us tonight and we promised them a reward. Was it ok for us to promise them a reward?" Sara purred as she twisted her nipples in front of the four gawking men.
"You did exactly what we wanted baby," John replied as he quickly walked over and kissed his wife.
"Mmm, perfect, we're gonna step into the ladies room to freshen up. Why don't you guys get acquainted," Shannon said mischievously as Sara and her strutted into the bathroom.
"Ok guys, here's the situation. Your job tonight is to satisfy these women completely. We want you to fuck them like they've never been fucked before. Push their limits, make them moan. Of course, respect their wishes if they tell you to stop something. John and I will watch, and more than likely join in as we take pictures and film. We have condoms and lube on the nightstand. You guys down with that?" Joel asked in a serious business like tone as he pointed at the nightstand next to the king sized motel bed.
"Hell yes dude, we've been thinking about tapping your wife's asses all night long. Nothing is gonna stop this from happening," Justin replied holding his fist out and sealing the deal with a light knuckle bump.
Joel walked over and slid the drapes closed blocking off the view from the outside hallway.
Justin and Steven retold the highlights of the night events when the two goddesses emerged from the bathroom. Entering the room like porn stars, both Shannon and Sara were totally naked except for their high heels and the rosebuds snuggled and glittering against their assholes. Their large, tan, hard nippled, breasts swayed seductively back and forth as they sultrily made a beeline for their bulls. Shannon lustily grabbed Steven's hand as Sara took Justin's. Confidently, the women led the drooling studs to the foot of the king sized bed and pulled them tightly against their wanting bodies. Joel and John watched the girls grind their naked bodies against their prized bulls. With devious grins on their faces, the ladies pulled their lovers faces in for lustful, passionate kissing.
"They must have choreographed this little beginning scene," Joel thought to himself as he watched his wife's tongue stab and flick inside Stevens mouth with wild abandon.
Slap!
Both of Justin's hands crashed against Sara's big ass as he lifted her off the ground. His firm grip never broke as Sara wrapped her legs around him.
"Mmmm, yes baby," Sara moaned while slightly gyrating her hips against him.
"Holy fuck," John moaned as he quickly unbuttoned his pants and whipped out his rock hard
seven and a half inches. His digital camera clicked away as he tried to record every amazing second of what he was witnessing.
Shannon's hands crept down to the crotch of Steven's straining pants.
"I gotta see his cock, can't wait any longer," she thought to herself as she rubbed and massaged the large package in front of her. Steven kissed and pushed his wanting tongue into her mouth as Shannon slowly tried unbuttoning the large present she so desperately wanted.
"You can't have that yet, you little slut," Steven whispered in her ear as he picked her up.
She wrapped her legs around him and groaned loudly when his fingers spread her ass cheeks apart. The lovers were lip locked in a passionate embrace as Steven's fingers spread apart and slid all around Shannon's gushing snatch.
"Mmmm, I'm fucking dripping! I want you so bad," Shannon moaned
Shannon looked over and saw her husband moving and filming every angle with his video camera. He'd stripped naked and was pumping and stroking his rigid six inch cock as he filmed.
"Thank you," Shannon mouthed to him as he smiled back and adjusted his camera angle.
"It's time for dinner Steven. Lay Shannon on the bed next to Sara," Justin commanded.
The bulls laid the horny, moaning women down on the king sized bed and spread their legs wide.
"That's what I'm talking about, spread those legs! Perfect, now lift your legs up, show us those fucking jewels planted in your asses," Justin forcefully demanded.
The girls lifted their legs high in the air exposing the anal jewelry glittering in their asses. John's eyes got as big as saucers as he gawked at the jewel shining in his wife's ass.
"Where and when in the fuck did she get that," he thought. Amazed admiration filled him while he pumped his blood engorged member.
"Fuck, you two are such sluts! When I saw that glittering gem in the club I almost took you right there," Steven panted before lowering his face into Shannon's gushing snatch.
Joel watched his wife writhe in pleasure as Steven licked and flicked his tongue over and on his wife's engorged clit.
"Ahhh, ahhh, ahhh," Shannon groaned as Stevens tongue danced over and kissed her pussy.
"OMG, I love being eaten out like this, I love it," Shannon thought as Stevens tongue motored over her clit with high velocity.
Shannon looked over and saw her friend with her hands around the back of Justin's head. Sara was pushing Justin's head forcefully into her snatch as she bucked her hips forward into his face.
"Fuck! You eat pussy so good! Yes, just like that! Ooh myyy gooodddd" Sara yelled loud enough for all the motel rooms around them to hear.
John moved, stood right next to his wife's face and started jacking off inches from her mouth.
"Ya, you like him eating your pussy!" John groaned as he pumped.
"I love it so much, ahhhhhh," Sara whimpered. She stuck her tongue out, flicking it in the air, trying to lick John's cock head.
"No baby, you don't want this cock, I think theirs another cock you want more Don't you?" John teased to his wife.
"Yes, I want Joel's," she moaned
"Tell him," John commanded.
Sara turned her head towards Joel and begged. "Joel, I want your cock in my mouth! I want it so bad,"
Joel crawled around Shannon's head and kneeled next to Sara's face. Sara watched wantonly as he stroked his cock inches from her open mouth, teasing her. Joel's triple cock ring swelled and engorged his balls and six inch shaft. Precum leaked from the slit of his cock tip as Sara desperately flicked her tongue out in an attempt to taste Joel for the first time.
"Here you go, is this what you want?
" Joel goaded her as he slid his rock hard member into her warm mouth.
"Fuck! Her mouth feels so good on my cock John!" Joel moaned as Sara's head bobbed and slurped over every inch of his shaft.
"Goddamn! My wife looks fucking amazing," John thought happily as he watched Sara suck off Joel no handed while at the same time jamming Justin's head into her crotch.
"Take him all the way in your mouth baby, deep throat him," John coached his slurping wife.
At Johns encouragement Sara pushed her head forward taking all of Joel's six inches into her mouth and throat.
"Aack... guurk.." Sara slightly gagged as the head of Joel's cock slammed back into her tonsils.
Sara could easily deep throat Johns seven and a half inches, so she was more than a little annoyed that she starting gagging on Joel's six.
"Just so hard to focus with my pussy being licked so good," Sara thought before returning to Joel's cock with renewed vigor. Sara's head mashed forward again on Joel's cock, totally enveloping every savory inch. Not a hint of gagging was heard again as she rocked her head back and forth on Joel's pulsing manhood.
Unable to restrain herself anymore, Shannon pushed Steven off her and stood him up at the foot of the bed.
"Need to see his cock, want his cock, need his cock," the words kept running through Shannon's mind as she fumbled with Steven's belt buckle in an effort to quickly unclasp it. Steven smiled as he unbuttoned his shirt and threw it across the room.
"Can't wait to see her expression when she sees my giant cock," Steven thought with a devious grin spread across his face.
"Finally," Shannon mumbled, pushing Stevens pants to the floor. "Mmmm," Shannon purred, rubbing both her hands over the massive bulge exploding out of Stevens tiny boxer briefs.
"All mine," Shannon thought as she pulled down the briefs exposing Stevens semi hard ten inch monster.
"OMG! You're huge...I had an idea, but...this is magnificent," Shannon panted heavily as she grabbed it with both her small hands and began to slowly stroke up and down on his ten inch shaft.
Shannon watched in amazement as her long strokes pumped up Stevens cock, engorging it to its fully erect size. Pussy juice ran down the insides of her thighs as she leaned forward towards the monster cock.
"I fucking love this cock Steven,"
"Mmmm," Steven groaned loudly as Shannon opened wide and took him into her mouth.
Shannon could barely get her mouth around Stevens bulbous cock head. She flicked her tongue around the sensitive helmet area while massaging his huge balls with one hand and stroking his long shaft with the other. She pulled the giant cock head out of her mouth and slowly licked and kissed the never ending shaft.
"So fucking big," she thought again as she worked herself all the way down to his massive ball sack. Opening her mouth all the way, she sucked one of his giant balls into her mouth, dancing her tongue over his sack.
"Ungh, fuck yes," Steven groaned when the horny bitch took his cum filled sack into her mouth.
Brimming with insatiable need Shannon released his balls and resumed slobbering, sucking, and pumping Stevens now fully engorged, veiny, real life sex toy.
"Gulp, aaagh, gulp, slurp," Shannon sucked his cock with a relentlessness she'd not performed in years. His long shaft easily touched the back of her throat when she tried to fit as much as she could in her mouth.
"Jesus Christ! I've barely taken half of it," Shannon thought greedily as she rammed her head forward onto the monster cock.
"Yes baby, take it, take it all in," Steven said egging her on to inhale even more.
Shannon slid his cock even deeper into her mouth. The bulbous cock head pushed past her tonsils and into her throat.
"Auugh, ack," Shannon gagged, pulling back she released the monster jammed down her throat.
"Too big, cant do it, too fucking big," Shannon mumbled as she resumed slurping and sucking Stevens throbbing cock..
"Goddamn! Sara can suck a cock," Joel thought as Sara easily deep throated him.
"Shit, need a break, you're gonna make me cum already," Joel panted as he pulled his saliva covered prick out of Sara's mouth.
"Get on you hands and knees baby and suck Justin's cock," John commanded his wife.
Sara flipped over into the doggy position while Justin stood up and stripped his clothes off.
"Can't wait to see this," Sara thought excitedly as Justin peeled off his pants and briefs.
"Mmmm, it's perfect," Sara purred when Justin's magnificent cock sprung out.
Sara gasped as she crawled forward. "It's majestic!"
Justin's fully erect, thick, veiny, nine inch member danced in front of Sara's face before she attacked it. Sara cupped Justin's balls and took a firm hold off his shaft. She stared at the big dick inches from her face, mesmerized by its thick girth and substantial weight.
"OMG, this is way thicker and heavier than John's," Sara thought as she stared, amazed at the substantial weight.
Slap!
Sara was knocked out of her mesmerized stupor by Justin's meaty member slapping her face.
"You've been teasing me all night! Time to suck on a big cock just like your friend next to you! Shannon's sucking Steven's big cock real good. It's time to prove you can do better!" Justin forcefully demand.
Sara looked over at Shannon and saw her devouring a cock even longer than Justin's.
Joel stood next to her snapping closeup shots of her tiny hands and mouth wrapped around the king sized dick.
"Mmmm, I'm gonna suck the cum right out of your big fucking donkey dick!" Sara growled as she wrapped her mouth around his huge girth.
John watched in amazement as both women sucked, slurped, licked, and stroked The bulls cocks with wild abandon. John nearly shot his load multiple times when both women gagged simultaneously trying to deep throat their bulls huge cocks.
"God, you can suck some dick!" Justin yelled out as Sara inhaled his shaft deeply into her throat before gagging.
"Fuuuucckk! Your wives are such fucking sluts," Steven moaned when Shannon starting licking the taint between his ball sack and his asshole.
Joel watched his wife sucking Steven's balls as she got tea bagged. Steven's precum leaked profusely from the tip of his member and Joel nearly shot is load when he took a picture of it dripping.
Click.
Joel snapped a picture of Steven's cream dripping down onto his wife's shimmering, heaving, chest. He eased his way behind and between both of the dick sucking goddesses. With a devious grin Joel grabbed the heads of the gemstones planted in both girls asses. Setting his camera down he slowly started to pump the rosebuds back and forth as the girls continued their assaults on the man meat in front of them.
"Yeeesssss, just like that, feels so good!" Shannon screamed as Joel tweaked the rosebud around her stretched asshole.
"Ooooohhhhh Shannon, these rosebuds were the best idea you ever haaaaddd," Sara yelped as Joel pulled out her rosebud and quickly slammed it back into her again.
As the girls sucked donkey cock and let Joel play with the toys in their asses John subtlety moved to the drapes covering the window and quietly opened them. He smiled happily when he saw the view from the hallway balcony clearly showed every carnal thing that was happening in room 225.
"Item number five, fuck in a motel room with the blinds open for all to see. We'll just check this one off the list," John thought proudly as he quickly returned to the live porno happening feet away.
"I can't wait anymore! I gotta fuck that beautiful pussy," Steven moaned as he leaned down and resumed passionately kissing Shannon. Shannon whimpered as he massaged and played with her rock hard nipples. Steven licked and kissed her neck and mouth as he pressed his ripped body against her.
"Unnnn," Shannon purred.
"You want this cock baby?" Steven quietly asked her.
"My pussy wants it sooo bad! It's fucking dripping for you, please give it to me!" Shannon panted as she ran her index finger between her sopping pussy lips.
"Fucking dripping wet," Shannon moaned again, slowly bringing her drenched index finger to her open mouth and lips. She gazed deeply into Stevens eyes while sucking her own pussy juice off her finger.
"It's time to bend these sluts over Justin! They've cock teased us long enough," Steven told his friend as he watched Shannon's sexy ass crawl to the nightstand and grab two condoms.
Shannon handed her panting friend a condom and quickly tore at the wrapper of her black Trojan magnum.
"Thank god Joel brought magnums," Shannon thought, relieved.
"Hehehe, I can barely get the condom around his cock Shannon," Sara giggled as she unrolled the condom over Justin stiff shaft.
Shannon gasped when she looked over and saw Sara struggling to slide the condom on.
"OMG, he's almost as big as Steven," Shannon thought as she unrolled the entire Magnum XL over the throbbing kielbasa in front of her.
"Hehehe, your dick is to long for the condom," Shannon giggled when she noticed two inches on Stevens cock was still uncovered by the latex of the XL condom.
"They don't make a condom for a cock this size," Steven proudly admitted. "Spread those legs wide! You're gonna like this!"
Shannon laid on her back and seductively spread her bronzed legs. Her meaty pussy lips were slick and glistening, ready and waiting to accept Stevens massive fuck rod. Steven hovered over the top of Shannon and slowly rubbed the head of his swollen cock against Shannon's slit.
"Unnnnnnn," Shannon moaned loudly when Stevens cock made contact with her aching snatch for the first time.
Steven split Shannon's dripping lips every so slightly with his cock head. "Fuck, this bitch wants it bad! It feels like she dumped a whole bottle of lube down there," Steven thought excitedly.
"You want this cock?" Steven asked her.
"Mmm, yes," Shannon quietly panted.
"Beg for it, tell me how bad you want it," Steven teased as he slid his long ten inch shaft up and down between the canyon created by her sopping pussy lips.
"I wanted it the second I saw you! You were so fucking hot! Thought about you fucking me... all night...so wet for you...please fuck me! Want your big cock so baaa... unnngg,"
Before she could get out the word bad, Steven slid his aching member into Shannon's pleasure hole. Her lips parted easily, wrapping around and embracing the biggest cock she'd ever felt. Steven slid in five inches when Shannon cried out.
"OH GOD, Oh fuck, you're huge...Fuuucckk mee!"
Steven slid another three inches into the sluts soaked pussy. Her massive tits rose like mountain peeks from her chest, heaving up and down as she struggled to accept every inch. Shannon's wet pussy felt amazing on Stevens cock. She was warm, tight, and wet. Her pussy clamped onto his cock like a vice while it begged to suck all ten inches in.
"You're so fucking hot, gonna fuck you so hard Shannon! Steven growled as he began to slowly pick up his pace, jackhammering her with long deep strokes.
"Ahhhhh, huuhhh, fucking big dick," Shannon cried.
Slap, slap, slap.
Stevens balls crashed against Shannon's ass. Her 34DD tits bounced violently up and down from Stevens powerful strokes.
"OMG... you have the best fucking dick! Joel, watch his big dick fill up my pussy!" Shannon screamed loud enough for everyone in the motel complex to hear.
Joel got into position above his wife's writhing body, positioning himself perfectly to snap a few prime photos of Stevens monster cock stretching his wife's pussy wide open.
Click.
That's so fucking hot baby," Joel commented to his wife as Steven fucked her in front of his camera lens.
Click.
Joel fell into a trance like state as he kept taking shot after amazing shot of his wife with Steven.
Only the cry from Sara as she was impaled by Justin's nine inch cock for the first time broke his concentration.
"Ahhhhh it's fucking huge! Holy shit!" Sara cried out.
———
Room 224
Adam let the warm water run over his body. The warm spray was only a small respite from another stressful day of work. He'd been on the road now for three weeks managing the construction of a nearby auto dealership. The worse part of being on the road was that he hadn't seen his wife in three weeks. He didn't know if he could make it another two before he made the five hour drive home for his week of much needed down time. Adam thought dreamily about his wife as he showered and slowly massaged his engorged cock.
"So horny, these five week stretches are not good for the sex life," Adam thought to himself.
Horny and rock hard Adam shut off the warm water and toweled off. He flipped the lights off in the bathroom and grabbed some Astroglide lube to aid him as he pleasured himself. Adam walked over to the small desk, sat down, and flipped on the computer. His cock was hard in anticipation of watching some hot MILF porn. Besides fucking his wife, nothing turned him on more than watching a hot big breasted slut bouncing on a hard cock. His computer cycled through its startup operations when he heard the first loud cry from the room next door.
"Ahhhhh it's fucking huge! Holy shit!"
Adam cocked his ears not believing what he had just heard. He walked over and pressed his ear to the wall. His throbbing cock sprung to attention as he listened to the muffled sounds of fucking and grunting from the room next door. He clearly heard multiple men and women engaged in what was clearly an orgy.
"This is fucking better than online porn," Adam thought to himself as he madly stroked his throbbing cock with his ear pressed to the wall for the next ten minutes.
"Fuck I'm horny, wish I could see what was happening," Adam thought as he glanced at the window in the front of his room. He noticed a slight separation in the blinds that let a crack of light from outside shine into the room.
"I wonder," Adam thought with a slight smile spreading across his face. "If their blinds aren't completely closed I might be able to get a peek of what's happening inside," Adam thought again as he quickly pulled on a pair of jeans and a t-shirt.
Adams heart raced with nervous anticipation as he quickly left his room and turned left onto the outdoor hallway. He passed his window and walked slowly towards room 225. His heart nearly jumped out of his chest when he noticed bright light beaming brightly through the window next door.
"That can mean only one thing," Adam thought excitedly as he crept slowly forward.
Adam passed the door labeled 225 and glanced nervously left as he came closer to the window. He could now easily see the room had its drapes open. The sounds of fucking and grunting were clearly broadcasting through the thin walls and windows of the motel. Adams cock was rock hard and throbbing as he glanced nonchalantly into the room while walking by. What he saw literally stunned him, his mouth dropped open and his body locked up and froze in place for three seconds. Two gorgeous women were bent over doggy style on the bed getting fucked hard from behind. Their massive titties flopped violently back and forth as they dangled underneath their sweating torsos. Two other men were on their knees in front of each women with cameras out snapping pictures as the women sucked their cocks!
"Holy shit," Adam muttered under his breath while starring open mouthed at the public display visible through the window of the motel room. He quickly broke out of his trance and continued his stunned walk up to the ice machine four rooms down. He pretended like he was filling up an ice bucket as he gathered his thoughts.
"OMG, those girls were getting fucking railed!" Adam thought as he walked. "Need to walk by again and peek in on that amazing action!"
Adam adjusted his hard cock under his jeans before making his return trip past the window of room 225.
———
John looked up when he saw the shadow of a person walking past their open window. He smiled mischievously as Shannon slurped and licked his throbbing cock. Steven pumped Shannon from behind with long, hard, deep strokes while she moaned and grunted loudly. John watched the window continually, knowing the person would definitely be making a return trip very soon. Less than a minute later a fifty something guy slowly walked by and gawked lustily into their motel room. John quickly snapped a pic of the man staring through the window open mouthed as he watched the action taking place inside.
"Looks like we have a visitor!" John exclaimed to the group as he pointed out the man looking in from outside.
"OMG! Who opened the blinds?" Shannon cried out after pulling Johns cock out of her mouth.
"Let him fucking watch the show! I don't give a fuck who sees! Sara groaned as Justin pushed his thick nine inches into her pussy all the way.
"Ahhh, fuck yes! Your cock is so fucking good Justin," Sara yelled out, making sure it was loud enough for the man outside to clearly hear.
———-
Adam couldn't believe what he was seeing! The couples writhing inside saw him staring in and didn't even care. One of the men even snapped a picture of him gawking open mouthed. Adam watched for another minute before returning to his room to mix a drink.
"Think I'll get a little buzz while I watch the show next door," Adam thought to himself as he quickly filled a huge thermos halfway with Captain Morgan, topping it with coke. "This should last a while," he muttered as he quickly left the room again to watch the show happening in the room next door.
———
Joel crawled over and whispered into his wife's ear as she slurped on Johns cock.
"Lay down and spread your legs in front of Sara, her fantasy is to eat you out," Joel told his wife.
Shannon nodded her head reluctantly, not really wanting Stevens cock out of her pussy.
"Shit! Steven's cock feels so amazing in me," Shannon thought to herself as she crawled forward and felt Stevens cock flop out of her gushing snatch. Shannon didn't mind another women eating her out, but she was kinda nervous, it had been years since the last time she played with a women.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck...your cock is so fucking thick!" Sara moaned as Shannon laid down on her back and positioned herself right in front of Sara's head. Shannon spread her legs wide exposing her dripping pussy inches in front of Sara's face. Steven ripped off his magnum condom and repositioned himself in front of Shannon's face, giving her the perfect angle to suck on his monster while Sara ate her pussy.
"Hell yes," Sara purred, leaning down and licking and flicking her tongue all over her friends engorged labia.
"Mmm, yes baby...just like that," Shannon groaned as she bucked and thrust her hips up and down into her friends face.
"Fuck yes!" John cried out as he watched Sara taken from behind by the big dicked stud she'd picked up at the bar. His heart raced as he watched her fulfilling her fantasy as she ate out her friends dripping pussy. John pumped his cock furiously as he snapped pictures, savoring every amazing image he was seeing. As he watched, John could feel his orgasm building. His cock pulsed and was at the point that he was unable to hold back the load of cum he'd been building up for hours.
"Fuck! Gonna cum!" John cried out as he maneuvered his cock inches away from his wife's face and Shannon's pussy. John grabbed the hair on the back of his wife's head and pulled her away from Shannon's pussy seconds before he exploded.
"Ahhh, ungh, ungh, ungh, fuck!" John cried out as he shot out four long sticky ropes of cum onto Shannon's crotch and pussy lips.
White sticky cream ran down the insides of Shannon's thighs and completely covered her swollen slit.
"Mmmm John! Your hot cum feels so fucking good on me," Shannon cooed while lightly running her fingers over the sticky mess John made all over her crotch.
"Mmm honey, doesn't that look delicious," John teased as he gently pushed Sara's head back towards Shannon's cum covered pussy.
"Mmmuhh, mmmuhh...Hell yes it does," Sara grunted as Justin continued to jack hammer her pussy from behind.
Sara flicked her tongue out and began lapping up the warm sticky cream her husband had deposited all over the goddess who was spread wide open in front of her.
"God! That's so hot Sara! Eat John's cum off my pussy, lick me clean!" Shannon yelled out as Joel and John snapped away furiously with their cameras.
Spent, John eased back from the orgy taking place on the bed and began taking wide view shots of the three men and two women intertwined with each other on the king sized bed.
Click. A shot of Sara licking cum off Shannon's pussy.
Click. A shot of Shannon gagging on Stevens ten inch cock.
Click. A shot of Justin fucking Sara's big ass from behind.
Click. A shot of Justin playing with the rosebud planted in his wife's ass.
Shannon looked over and watched a young college girl walk past their open window.
"Hehe," Shannon snickered when the girl looked in and noticed what was happening, seconds later she literally ran off with a shocked expression plastered across her face.
Feeling very daring, Shannon got up and told Steven to lay down on the bed with his legs facing the window. She grabbed another magnum from the nightstand and unrolled it over Stevens cock.
"I've been wanting to sit down and cum on this fucking cock all night," Shannon purred as she mounted Steven reverse cowgirl style. Shannon's huge 34dd tits were directly facing the open window giving everyone who walked by a perfect unobstructed view of their majesty. Steven held his ten inch monster straight up as Shannon squatted down. Before her ass even came close to touching Stevens ripped torso his bulbous cock head split her dripping pussy lips open and entered her.
"Unnnghh, so big," Shannon moaned as she squatted down and impaled herself on Steven's rigid spear. She reveled in the thickness and immense length filling up every crevice of her womanhood. Steven firmly gripped Shannon's hips as she bounced up and down on his throbbing ten inch fuck stick.
"Goddamn! You're fucking creaming all over me," Steven groaned as he admired Shannon's white creamy cum running down, around, and over his rigid cock as it pumped in and out of her.
Shannon continued grinding and fucking Steven reverse cowgirl style on the bed. Her beautiful tits swayed up an down majestically to the rhythm of their sweating hardbodies.
"Joel look, he's back again," Shannon said when she noticed the voyeur watching outside the window again.
Joel observed the man standing outside the window drinking from a tall thermos as he watched the sex show.
"You like him watching you baby?" Joel asked Shannon seductively.
"Mmm yes, it turns me on," Shannon purred.
"Then give him a fucking show he'll remember!" Joel commanded his wife.
"Ohh god yes!" Shannon yelled out as she began to frenetically bounce up and down on Steven's cock.
"That's it Steven! Fuck it, fuck it, fuck my pussy!" Shannon cried.
"Fuck yes you dirty slut! Ride my cock, ride it, ride it," Steven groaned while fighting the immense urge to erupt inside Shannon's throbbing pussy as it bounced on his cock.
———
Adam watched from outside the window with awe. The blonde was fucking the big dicked guy like a mad demon. Her tits flopped up and down in a seductive dance with her sweat glistening torso. Her hard nipples protruded prominently from her tits proclaiming to the world her heightened state of sexual arousal.
"This is better than any porn I've ever watched in my life," Adam thought as he took another long drink from his thermos. He was beginning to feel very buzzed as he sipped the potent cocktail. Buzzed and relaxed, Adam leaned back against the outside railing with a huge bulge prominently protruding from his jeans.
"Fucking awesome," Adam mouthed to the blonde women in the room as he continued to watch the show.
——-
"You love that cock honey?" John asked Sara from across the room.
"OMG yes, I love it," Sara moaned.
"I think you need more cock, don't you?" John goaded his wife as she fucked doggy style.
"Ahh, Yes...I need it!"
Slap. Slap. Slap.
"You need what?" John asked her again.
"Unnnggg, I need more cock in me! I need more holes filled! I want it so bad John," Sara whimpered and begged her husband.
"I want all my fucking holes filled baby," Sara begged again.
"You heard her Joel, it's time to fill my wife up with cock!" John said to his friend. "Justin lay down next to Steven and Shannon," John commanded.
Justin pulled out and ripped his magnum off before quickly replacing it with a new one that John tossed to him.
"Sit on my cock and ride me baby!" Justin commanded Sara as he laid on the bed next to his stripper buddy.
Sara crawled over and climbed on top of her fuck toy. She carefully reached underneath her crotch and guided Justin's thick monster into her pussy.
"Ahhh, you feel so good in me Justin! I fucking love your big cock," Sara purred as she leaned down and stuck her tongue into Justin's open, waiting, mouth.
John watched Sara grind on top of Justin for a minute before motioning Joel to get in position behind his wife's ass. Joel climbed up on the bed and slowly pulled the rosebud out of Sara's ass.
"Are you ready to get another hole filled baby," Joel groaned as he stared at the big, voluptuous, ass in front of him.
"So fucking ready Joel! Fill me up! Sara panted as she continued to grind her pussy on Justin's cock.
John tossed a bottle of lube to Joel from the nightstand with a devious grin on his face. Joel immediately squeezed a stream onto Sara's ass and asshole. He massaged the lube into Sara's visibly relaxed sphincter. He slid one finger into her ass while squeezing another dollop onto his raging six inch boner.
"Mmm," Sara groaned as Joel's finger entered her ass. The rosebud had done its job, wearing it for multiple hours had stretched out her asshole, relaxing it and preparing it for the invasion that was about to happen.
"Here comes cock number two," Joel teased as he slid his blood engorged member into Sara's ass.
"Ahhhh, fuck yes! Put it in deeper," Sara screamed as her second cock of the night pushed into her asshole. She couldn't believe how easy it was to take Joel in her ass. The anal toy had spread and relaxed her ass, making it incredibly easy to take her second cock.
"OMG John I'm fucking two cocks baby! It feels so fucking good!" Sara moaned as both of her men began rhythmically fucking her two holes.
"Ohhh fuck, your ass is so fucking tight Sara!" Joel groaned as he pushed his six inches all the way into her asshole. As he pumped he could feel Justin's cock fucking Sara's pussy only millimeters away.
"OMG two cocks feels so fucking good! Fuck me, fuck me, fuck munnngh," Sara cried out right as John rammed his cock into her open mouth.
———-
Adam watched from outside room 225 as the brunette with the amazing ass was DP'd next to her friend. He nearly shot his load into his pants when she took the thirds guys cock into her mouth as the two other men pummeled her ass and pussy. Nothing turned Adam on more than seeing a dirty slut get all her holes fucked and filled. He was so horny he wanted to pull his cock out and start jacking off right in front of the window. The problem was too many of the college kids kept walking past the room snickering and glancing at the live porno happening inside.
———-
Shannon watched with envy as every hole of her friend was filled with cock. She smiled as she watched her husband fuck her friends ass with pure ecstasy beaming from his face.
"How does my husbands cock feel in your ass?" Shannon asked her grunting, cock filled friend.
"So g.g.good Shannon, I want John to fuck you in the ass next to me!"
"Mmm, I've been wanting to get double teamed like that all night! Take my ass John!" Shannon demanded Sara's husband.
Shannon got off Steven and turned around, facing him. She remounted him, and guided his long member back into her pussy. John maneuvered behind Shannon and extracted the extra large rosebud gem from her ass. Joel handed over the bottle of lube to John who then squeezed a large amount of lube onto Shannon's gaping asshole.
"Take my ass John! I want to feel you in my ass while Steven fucks my pussy," Shannon breathed heavily.
John pushed the head of his seven and a half inch cock against Shannon's tiny ass. With a soft grunt he pushed into her sphincter.
"Ahhh, Yes, Yes, Yes," Shannon moaned as Johns cock spread her asshole open.
Shannon writhed in pleasure as John slowly eased all seven and half inches into her ass.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck me! I'm cumming!" Shannon screamed out loud as John bottomed out his cock in her ass.
She had never felt such pure pleasure in her life. Her last DP with Tad and Joel had been slightly painful, but this, this, this was pure pleasure. She easily took all of Johns above average cock into her ass. The rosebud had spread open her asshole stretching it and making it incredibly easy and pleasurable to get ass fucked. Shannon's body convulsed over and over again as the two men continued to fuck both her holes as she violently orgasmed on them both. Shannon collapsed onto Stevens rock hard chest and panted heavily after her eruption of an orgasm. Both men relaxed with their still hard cocks inside Shannon while she relaxed for a few moments to trying to regroup.
"Ahhh fuck, ahhh fuck, so fucking good," Sara moaned as she was double penetrated by Justin and Joel. The feeling of two cocks in her felt amazing! Sara ground hard on the two cocks and felt a sudden spike in the temperature between her thighs up to her abdomen. As she was fucked by the two cocks the insides of her thighs were racked by small tremors and the slight urge to pee. The small tremors were demanding a sudden urge to release.
"OMG, what's happening to me!" Sara thought horrified. "Ohh fuck it! I'm just going to go with it!" Sara thought to herself as she arched her back and squeezed every muscle in her body! Her legs trembled and shook.
"Ahhh, oh fuck, omg, omg, Ohh fuck," Sara screamed as she released and squirted warm liquid all over Justin and the sheets of the bed.
"Jesus Christ you dirty slut! You just fucking squirted everywhere!" Justin exclaimed.
"OMG, that was fucking awesome Sara! You are one amazing piece of ass," Joel groaned as he resumed pounding Sara's quivering ass with long deep strokes. Sara's ass puckered and gripped Joel's cock as his orgasm came closer and closer.
"Fuck Sara! I'm gonna cum in your ass," Joel grunted out as his balls tightened and prepared to jettison their hot load.
Unnn, unnn, unnn, fuck! Here it comes baby!" Joel cried out as his cock pulsed and convulsed in Sara's ass, expelling it's hot, gooey, load deep into her asshole. Joel pulled out his cock and watched his white cum began to pulse out of Sara's ass. John quickly crawled off Shannon, grabbed his camera and snapped pictures of the warm creamy cum spilling out of his wife's ass.
"That was so fucking hot, but now it's time for Steven and Justin to really take our wives over the edge! Don't you agree Joel?" John said to his panting friend.
"Hell yes! Make them scream guys, John and I are just bystanders for the rest of the night,". Joel told the bulls as their wives looked on with open eyed startled expressions.
"Shit, I don't know how much more I can take,". Shannon thought to herself as Steven forcefully grabbed her and lifted her off the bed. Steven easily lifted Shannon up and carried her inches away from the motel window. Shannon wrapped her arms around Stevens neck and wrapped her legs around his torso as he moved her right next to the window and the man watching from outside.
"Put my cock in you," Steven commanded as he held Shannon up in the air for a standing Fuck.
Shannon took one arm and reached down and grabbed the ten inch fuck stick once again. She began to rub it on her pussy and slide it into her when Joel yelled from across the room.
"Oh, and one other thing take the fucking condom off and fuck her bareback! Fill her up!" Joel demanded forcefully.
Shannon stared at her husband with goggling, exasperated eyes. "I can't believe it,". She thought to herself as she quickly pulled and ripped the magnum condom off her Bull. She guided Stevens bare cock into her dripping pussy and luxuriated in the feeling of his bare cock filling her. Steven took over the second he completely entered and filled the slut. Shannon moaned panted loudly as he dominated and took total control of her sweating body.
"Ahhhhh! Yessss," Shannon cried out as Steven fucked her hard and deep against the open window.
Not wanting to be outdone by his friend Justin ripped the magnum condom off his throbbing cock. John watched with gawking eyes as Justin ripped the condom off and bent his wife over directly next to Shannon and Steven. Sara placed her hands on the glass of the window as Justin rammed his bare member into Sara's dripping snatch.
"Ohh fuck John, he's not wearing a condom! Is that ok?" Sara called out concerned, but loving the feeling of Justin's hot bare cock penetrating her.
"God yes baby, it looks fucking amazing,". John replied as he snapped pictures of the four fucking against the window.
"Take it, take it, take what you want Justin," Sara screamed as Justin plowed her like a freight train from behind.
"This is what I want, this pussy right here," Justin groaned as he fucked Sara and watched the remnants of Joel's cum still leaking from her asshole.
"Take me behind just like Sara," Shannon whispered in Stevens ear as she bounced on his pole.
Steven immediately complied with the goddesses wishes and quickly set her down, flipping her around facing the window. Smiling, he bent her tiny ass over and pushed his cock deep into her from behind.
"Gawwd, your pussy is fucking perfect," Steven groaned as he began jackhammering Shannon from behind.
——-
Adam stood up and gave the thumbs up sign to the four people fucking directly against the motel window. He took another long pull from his thermos as he watched the big tittied bimbos getting fucked from behind. Watching both the women's massive tits flop back and forth as they were fucked hard was mesmerizing. The brunette smiled at him and flicked her tongue out seductively at him as her eyes rolled back into her head from pleasure.
———
"Just like that guys! Show them how you fuck single women you pick up at the bar!" Joel taunted the two men as they ravaged his and Johns wife.
Slap, slap, slap, slap.
The sound of the guys balls slapping against the wives asses filled the motel room.
"Ahhh, mmmuhh, mmmuhhh, fuck me, take this pussy," Shannon screamed out as Steven continued his deep thrusting into her pussy.
"OMG Shannon this is fucking amazing! Unghhh, unghhh," Sara exclaimed to her friend.
Sweat dripped and glistened all over the men's bodies as their hips thrust, jabbed, and ground deeply into the sluts.
"I can't get enough! I want more, more, more," Shannon gasped.
"Justin, I'm getting fucking close, don't know how much longer I can last," Steven panted to his friend fucking next to him.
"I'm right there buddy, I can shoot my wad any time you're ready," Justin replied, "Sara's pussy is like heaven, she's gonna milk every drop out of me.
Both men grabbed the hips of their women and began thrusting deep and hard to matching Rhythms.
"Joel... ahhh, fuck yes...you know what I want...unghhh...can I have it please honey?" Shannon groaned out between hard deep thrusts from Steven.
"It's ok with me as long as John says Sara can have the same at the same time," Joel replied to his panting wife.
John looked at Joel with a perplexed look before Joel explained what Shannon so desperately wanted.
"She wants to filled with Steven's cum," Joel explained to his friend.
"You ok with Sara being fucked and filled before your eyes?" Joel asked John with a devilish cast in his eyes.
"Ohhh please John, I want his cum in me so bad!" Sara pleaded with her husband.
"Fuck them and fill them up! Do it now!" John commanded the two bulls to the delight of Sara and Shannon.
The thought of Steven cumming inside her sent shivers down Shannon's spine and instantly caused her pussy to convulse with an impending orgasm.
"I'm gonna blow!" Steven cried out when he felt Shannon's pussy tightening and gripping his raging hard on.
"Fuuuuuccckkk cumming!" Steven yelled loudly as his ten inch cock pulsed violently multiple times deep into Shannon's pussy. Hot, sticky cum, sprayed out from his cock head at the same time Shannon's pussy clenched and orgasmed on his cock. The simultaneous orgasms raced through every nerve of the intertwined couples bodies.
"Fill me up with your cum!" Sara screamed when she saw Shannon getting pumped full of Steven's semen.
Seconds after Stevens eruption Justin relented and began expelling his load.
"Ahhh, here it comes you hot little slut!" Justin moaned as his massive load shot deep into Sara. Justin felt a minimum of five huge pulses ejaculating cum into the brunettes dripping pussy.
"OMG, yesss," Sara purred a she reveled in Justin's cum spraying inside her.
"Keep fucking me baby! Fuck your cum into me! I'm so fucking close!" Sara cried out to Justin.
Justin grabbed Sara's hips and renewed fucking her cum filled snatch. His cum squirted and oozed out with every thrust. Feeling Justin's cock fucking her cum filled pussy put Sara over the edge. Her legs began to quiver and shake as a massive orgasm ripped through her drenched genitals.
"Unnnghh, ahhhhhh, cumming so hard!" Sara screamed.
The women collapsed onto the bed spent and full of cum.
"We are the luckiest husbands in the world," Joel said with awe as he walked over and grabbed his wife's hand.
"Beyond lucky," John added as the two bulls grabbed their clothes and walked to the bathroom to cleanup.
Shannon stood up and wrapped her arms around her loving husband with a smile of pure contentment on her face.
"I love you so much," Shannon whispered in Joel's ear as Stevens hot cum leaked out of her pussy and ran down the insides of her thighs.
"I love you more, thank you," Joel whispered back.
The two soulmates glanced over at John and Sara. The two were passionately kissing. Sara's legs were spread wide and John was massaging Justin's cum into his wife's pussy.
"I definitely think we've found our swinger soulmates," Shannon chuckled as Joel nodded his head in agreement.