"Becky the door!" Brianna's voice came from down the corridor, slightly breathless.
"You're closer!" Becky called sleepily as she scrawled through her phone.
"I'm in the middle of my exercises, I can't get it right now!"
With a loud groan Becky flung off her duvet and reluctantly shuffled down the hallway, her eyes still bleary from sleep. As she passed the living room she saw Brianna, her face almost as red as her hair, doing squats on her yoga mat, and when she noticed Becky she beamed, but her forehead creased slightly in what Becky supposed was concentration.
"Thanks Becks, you're the best, but do you think you should maybe..."
There came a loud, slightly impatient knock at the door which drowned out whatever Brianna had been trying to say, and with a tinge of irritation Becky continued down the hall towards the front door.
"I'm coming!" Becky called as she neared the door.
"Wait Becky, don't get it yet, you're..."
Becky opened the door, making the postman jump back in surprise, which quite suddenly gave way to surprise and what Becky thought might have been mild embarrassment.
"...Only wearing your underwear!" Brianna's voice echoed down the hall, prompting Becky to look down and realise the truth of her friend's belated warning.
She had a lacy white bra and matching tight panties on, but that was all, the rest of her curvaceous body was on full display, which doubtless explained the postman's sudden desire to study the floor as he held out their post, his face slightly pink.
"Have a nice day." He mumbled, more to the floor than to Becky as he strode off.
With a high-pitched squeal Becky slammed the front door shut, jumping back as though she'd just had a nasty electric shock.I just answered the door in my underwear, Becky reflected, slightly dazedly,the postman just saw me in my underwear. She was suddenly very aware of how tight her panties were, and at how hard her nipples were straining against her bra.
"Well that's probably a more pleasant greeting than he's used to, I reckon you've made his day Becks!"
Becky spun round to see Brianna, still slightly red-faced, in the living room doorway, wiping sweat off her brow with a towel.
"You're about ninety-percent less funny than you think Bree," Becky grumbled as she threw the collection of letters and fliers at her friend's face, "That's the last time I get the door on a weekend morning."
"To be fair I don't think getting the door was the problem, I feel it was more your choice of attire, or should I say your lack of it. Nice undies though, they suit you."
Becky felt her face flush even hotter, "I was half-asleep having a lie-in, I only got it because you're too bloody rigid to pause your work-outs and while we're on the subject you might have warned me before I went and made such a complete tit of myself!"
Brianna snorted, trying and failing to suppress her amusement, "In my defence I tried to but you weren't listening, thankfully you had a bra on or you might have made for a more literal tit, or should I say tits of yourself."
Becky's face was burning now, but she was also growing uncomfortably aware of how hot the rest of her body was beginning to feel, in particular the pulsing heat in her nether regions. She tried desperately to suppress such feelings and prayed that Brianna wouldn't notice or she knew she'd never hear the end of it.
"I'm returning to bed." Becky informed Brianna stiffly, "And if the door goes again I can assure you I won't be getting it."
"Such a shame, it's a loss our postforce will feel most keenly," Brianna teased, "Though before you go back to bed you might want to nip to the loo Becks, you're leaking a wee bit."
Becky had just strode past Brianna but she felt herself freeze on the spot, her heart racing.It can't be, not already, it's not possible.
"I had planned to," Becky assured her without turning back-around.
"Good good, can't be going around with wet knickers after all," Brianna teased, "Still it was very decent of the postie not to mention it!"
Without another word Becky half marched, half-ran back to her room, ignoring Brianna's cry of"You're welcome", and snatched up a clean pair of pastel pink panties, before dashing into the bathroom once she'd heard Brianna put the kettle on to make her post aerobics coffee.
She locked the door behind her, closed the toilet seat, plonked herself down on it and took a deep breath. Then she looked reluctantly down at her crotch and saw what she had been dreading, a dark wet-patch at the centre of her panties that shone slightly in the glare of the bathroom light.
Tentatively she gently gripped the edge of them and pulled them forwards, allowing herself a view of their contents. As she'd feared, the inside of her panties was damp with sticky vaginal lubrication, and the lips of her clam and its pronounced pearl were also slick with it.Thank god Bree thought it was just pee, Becky reflected as she pulled off the soiled panties and used a wipe to clean herself up. She loved her friend, despite their often stark differences, but the idea of Bree discovering Becky's darkest secret was her worst nightmare.
The world, including Brianna, saw Becky as a modest, mannerly English teacher, which she undoubtedly was, but there was another side to her that she fought desperately to hide from those around her. Becky was at heart a closeted exhibitionist, and nothing made her heart race or her fanny flutter the way fantasising about exposing herself did, or even on occasion taking the smallest of risks to sample the thrill it brought on. So when a rare twist of fate like this morning made her fantasies reality it was all she could do not to give in to her desires and slide her fingers down her landing strip to plunge them deep inside herself.
Taking several more deep breaths and considering herself to have had a very close shave indeed, Becky tossed her soiled panties into the wash basket, pulled on her clean pair, and went back to bed, feeling rather drained by all the unexpected excitement, and she drifted back to sleep to the sounds of classical music playing on her phone.


Brianna's mind was racing as she brewed her morning coffee, her thoughts fixated on what she had just seen.
She had of course had the good sense to brush it off with a joke about Becky wetting herself, but in truth it had been yet another sign that her suspicions about her seemingly modest best friend were on the money. Still she couldn't be one-hundred percent sure though, even now, and that bothered her, for if she was right about Becky then a world of opportunities and experiences lay open before them, and Brianna's long-held hopes and desires could begin to be satiated.
The beeping of the kettle momentarily broke her train of thought and absentmindedly she poured the boiling water into her mug and began to stir the instant coffee powder, beating at it furiously with a whisk to break up the clumps, but her mind was very much still focused on Becky.You were very close to her this morning, a devious voice in her head seemed to whisper as she got the oat milk out of the fridge,you could have reached out to check, and perhaps if you had, then at this moment you might be fu...
"No." Brianna breathed heavily to herself, suddenly aware of her racing heart rate, "Absolutely not."
I'm not a pervert, she tried to convince herself,I can't just reach out and grab my best friend's pussy to check if she's wet. Although, she supposed it would technically have been Becky's underwear that she grabbed, and if her suspicions were right then Becky might have even enjoyed it, or gotten excited if Brianna had confiscated her panties, and her bra, making her strut around their flat in the nu...
"No." Brianna said aloud again, more forcefully this time, "Not happening."
She had suppressed these feelings for Becky for several years now, and it was bad enough that she was having them at all, especially given the nature of some of her desires, but if she was wrong or misjudged it then she could destroy the most important relationship in her life.Not worth the risk.
Feeling deflated she slumped down onto a stool at the breakfast bar and took a swig of her coffee whilst skimming through the Saturday paper, thoroughly disinterested in everything her eyes passed across. Then there came a moment where, in a strange twist of fate, or perhaps providence, two things happened simultaneously: Brianna heard Becky start up her sleep classical music playlist just as her eyes came to rest on an ad for a loan company that read"No Risk Solution"in bold, capitalised letters. The result of this was an idea blossoming in Brianna's mind, one that was a little devious, but which would put an end to her uncertainty and give her a clear answer once and for all.
Setting the paper and her coffee aside, Brianna crept out into the hallway, taking slow, cautious steps as she approached the bathroom, pausing outside to make certain that she hadn't disturbed Becky but the bedroom door opposite remained closed, and so Brianna slipped stealthily inside, closing the bathroom door behind her. It was then that a rather unpleasant thought popped into her head, threatening to burst her metaphorical bubble;what if Becky was still wearing her panties?
The thought gave her a momentary pause, but she steeled her resolve, although her hopes were sinking once again as she lifted the lid on the wash-basket, but the sight of Becky's tight white panties on the top of the pile instantly caused Brianna's hope's to sky-rocket back-up, taking her heart rate with them. Creeping back towards the door to double-check there was still no sign of Becky, Brianna unfolded the crumpled panties and her heart skipped a beat. They were sodden, and not with urine, but with the sweet stickiness of Becky's vagina, the final conclusive proof that she had been seeking, spread out across her friend's underwear.
Becky's an exhibitionist, Brianna thought elatedly, holding the panties up to her face and taking in a deep breath of her friend's scent, shuddering at the wave of excitement it sent through her body,now the fun can truly begin.