"A little further apart puppet," instructed Nicole as she slowly caressed the inside of Alice's thigh.
Alice simply straightened up in the seat and spread her kneels a little further apart giving Nicole, her mistress and girl friend, the greater access she desired. She had all but given up trying to maintain any form of decency while riding in the car with Nicole. Like so many other lost battles, she had stopped trying to reason with Nicole on points Nicole felt were settled, instead reserving what remaining strength she had for keeping Nicole from expanding the boundaries further. But as Alice felt Nicole's hand return to stroking her inner thigh she simply closed her eyes She could see that this too was becoming a lost cause.
Since Friday night Alice had been in some way or another under Nicole's control. It felt like it was so long ago that Nicole's cousin Susan had tricked her into going to a party pretending to be a lesbian so she could be another girls date. However Susan had other plans and by the end of the night her friend abandoned her and she was handcuffed to the back of Nicole's motorbike and on her way to a bondage photo shoot. And that had pretty much set the tone of the last couple of days. Now Alice felt she was basically a possession of Nicole, a very dominant and kinky girl. It was not that she was incapable of taking care of herself. Alice actually prided herself on being very mature and independent, but her self-reliance and reluctance to interact with others had stunted her social skills and conflict resolution abilities leaving her at the level of an adolescent whereas Nicole was very much an adult. As a consequence things had gotten greatly out of control.
Since that first kiss at the club Nicole was at her lips continuously from short passionate kisses out in public to very long make-out sessions in the privacy of their homes. Nicole has even gone so far as to make her have 'kissing lessons' lasting for more then an hour each day. Since Nicole was the first girl she had kissed, the first person she had ever kissed, Nicole wanted to make sure she learned exactly how to kiss a girl and have a chance to critique her. However, as embarrassing as these lessons were, they were not the worst as by Sunday her education evolved to include 'oral pleasure lessons' and she now spent a considerable amount of time between Nicole's thighs learning the art of oral pleasure.
As if these activities were humiliating enough Nicole is also heavily into shibari and takes great joy in tying her in very demeaning positions. Tuesday night she even did a partner bondage session. First Nicole tied her wrists and elbows behind her back. Alice then stood, bound and uncertain as Nicole tied a set of ropes around her own waist and thighs. After sitting on the couch Nicole had Alice kneel between her legs and she tied Alice's knees to her ankles effectively forcing Alice to remain before Nicole. It was then that Alice realized that she was trapped and had to move her body every time Nicole moved her leg. With a smirk on her face Nicole reached down, pulled Alice's hair back until she was forced to look up and secured her hair to her wrists. She knew pleading would do no good; Nicole firmly believed that she loved these games as much as she did. However this time Alice was left confused and staring at the ceiling as Nicole sat on the couch looking at her and the television. Alice could only remain planted on her knees before her mistress as Nicole began to fondle her breasts and slowly bring up her arousal level. And just as her body again started to betray her Nicole slipped a set of ropes through her collar and pressing her knees into Alice's hips pulled her forward by the rope so her face was now lodged between Nicole's thighs unable to look at anything but the pussy before her. Nicole quickly tied the loose ropes from the collar to the ropes encircling her thighs and stomach effectively binding Alice's head between her thighs. With a soft pat on her head and a command to get to work Alice could hear the movie 'Bring It On 2' start in the background and she settled into an hour and a half of eating Nicole's pussy.
And after each exhausting day Nicole would tie her to the bed where she had to either sleep bound with her tormentor or wait nervously for her return. She even had to eat Nicole to orgasm each night and sleep with Nicole's juices in her mouth and on her face. She then had to repeat the actions each morning before Nicole would release her from the bed. These were her 'tutorial secessions' as Nicole jokingly referred to them.
With all this happening very little of Alice's former life remained, highlight by the fact that Nicole made her give away most of her old clothes and exchange them for others. The shopping trips gave her a brand new look and a brand new wardrobe. Gone were all of her pants and long skirts, replaced by mini skirts and short shorts. Between the resale store and the mall she was now the owner of several butterfly tops, of the kind that Maria Carry had made so famous, as well as a collection of other tops that either left her back or her midriff exposed leaving no question as to whether she was wearing a bra or not. And Nicole's quirky sense of humor came out full force with several shirts having the Playboy symbol or some other sexual remark displayed on them. One even had the quote "I kissed a girl and liked it" written across the front. Nicole also purchased a number of shorts, from boy cut spandex to cotton short shorts and even a pair of in leather, all having one thing in common: the bottom of her butt was very visible in each and they highlighted her ass cheeks. Up until then she had no idea that anyone even made shorts designed to run up our ass crack and hug your butt cheeks.
However by far the biggest part of her new wardrobe was skirts and dresses. Tight skirts, pleated skirts denim, cotton, leather each different but all showcasing her ass and legs. Nicole's sense of humor came out here as well, with a tight black cotton skirt that had a silk screen on the back that looked like you could see her panties and thighs through it. Nicole saw it and couldn't resist.
"People will see it and think they were seeing your underwear when in fact you won't be wearing any!" Nicole had chortled.
And dresses - lots of dresses - but none were longer than thirty-six inches. Clothes in all styles and colors but all conforming to the rules: the pinkie rule for skirt lengths and a one-inch inseam for shorts. Pants and underwear not allowed. However Nicole did make several exceptions to this last rule, as she now allowed a pair of low-rise hip hugger jeans that were very tight and rode so low on the hips that any underwear would show out of the back (if underwear were allowed) and showed, in Nicole's words, 'butt cleavage'. Nicole also bought a very shear pair of black slacks and while they normally only gave a hint of legs through the fabric it was obvious that, with the proper lighting, everything from the waist down would be completely visible. The last exception to the rule was a pair of yoga pants that were made of a spandex fabric, cut to be tight around the ass and thighs but to hang loose around the lower legs.
However as much as Alice did not want to like her new wardrobe she had to admit that her new cloths were very stylish and sexy, just bordering on scandalous, rather than truly sluttish. It seemed that Nicole wanted to show her off but more as a fine jewel enhanced by her setting and not some piece of trash, flaunting as much skin as possible. While each item was selected to expose her to the legal limit, they also complemented her looks and minimized her shortcomings, making her look more like a high-class escort than hooker. Even her makeup was replaced with high quality cosmetics purchased from a store that specialized in cosmetics. So by the end of the day she not only had a new wardrobe but makeup tailored to her skin, chosen specifically to enhance her beauty. The change was so dramatic that when she looked into the mirror it looked like a different girl, a sexier more beautiful girl that looked back at her.
But by far the worst item in her new wardrobe, thanks to her own big mouth, was a French maid's uniform. She was only trying to get some alone time away from Nicole and casually stated on the drive home that she needed several hours on Monday to clean her house as she did every week. She was hoping Nicole would get the hint and leave her alone. Nicole admitted that she also had to clean her house after the weekend as the maid only came in on Fridays. Nicole had always hated the fact that her parents had made her do this degrading chore as a poorly veiled attempt to teach her values. However Alice's optimism about finally getting some unrestrained time away from Nicole evaporated, as she saw how ecstatic Nicole was that she would now be able to assist her.
Detouring to a costume store Nicole zeroed in on exactly the uniform she wanted for her maid. A black satin long sleeved French maid uniform that tightened as Nicole zipped up the back and, aided by the built in waist clincher, forced Alice to exhale and to only take shallow breathes. But the restrictive waist did give her a bit of an hourglass shape. As Alice viewed the image before her in the mirror, she was astounded by the results. The bodice and sleeves fit her like a second skin and thanks to her now smaller waist and jewel neckline, gave the appearance of breasts. The skirt also started high on her hips and hung to just above her pinkie, making it conform to the rules but was shorted considerably when the petticoats puffed it out making the skirt end just slightly past her sleeves so that whenever she moved the skirt danced around her hips. The effect was to show her legs to maximum advantage. All in all, the dress complemented her body perfectly and combined with the makeup from earlier in the day made her look the best she had ever looked in her life. Alice could only stand and watch as Nicole tightened a white apron around her waist and tied it in the back with a big bow. When Nicole crowned her head with a classical maids cap Alice felt a bit of despair as the beautiful girl before her was transformed into that of a servant for her mistress dressed in a short, tight and flirty black satin maids uniform. Alice's eyes started to water and she had to fight to hold back the tears as Nicole showed her a choker in the shape of a shirt collar minus the shirt and fitted it around her neck.
Alice wore her uniform for the next two days. First cleaning Nicole's house under the direction of Nicole who took great delight in instructing Alice exactly how she should clean to maximize the character she was portraying and photographing her along the way. It seemed that Nicole was never far and always had her camera at the ready to catch Alice in the process of doing her duties. This of course was followed by several drawn out photo sessions of her in her new uniform. She was posed doing various chores primping in from of the mirror and of course placed in multiple erotic and bondage poses. Though the day her 'lessons' also continued only now it looked more like a servant pleasing her mistress than two lovers being together. Alice could only imagine the image they presented: her in her maid's uniform kneeling before her mistress, her face buried between her mistress's legs.
Tuesday, after her weekly domestic duties were over, Nicole discussed plans for future romantic dinners that would be prepared by Alice. Naturally, Alice would have other obligations in her new role: she was learning to curtsey, to show the proper respect and enthusiasm. All the while being filmed by Nicole. After more than an hour of practice Alice was actually relived when Nicole pronounce her training complete and began her kissing and oral pleasure lessons for the day.
However her respite was short lived as Nicole announced that she was going to take her to the movies as a reward for doing such a good job. Alice begged Nicole not to take her out in public wearing her new uniform and was willing to wearing anything else Nicole chose.
Alice did not put up a fight as she slipped on an old white coat of Nicole's that conformed to the pinkie rule. Alice looked at the image presented before her as they passed the mirror in the front entrance. The white coat left a lot of leg exposed but no sign of a shirt or skirt underneath as she was only wearing the coat and a pair for knee high black boots.
Alice was thankful when the motorcycle finally came to a stop. She hated having to travel anywhere with Nicole. In the car she was forced to sit bear assed in the passenger seat as Nicole played with her thighs and pussy. But at least in the car she was partly hidden, unrestrained and able to see her soundings. On the back of Nicole's bike she felt truly helpless. Her hands were bound around Nicole's waist, her feet were secured to the back pegs and the helmet Nicole made her wear prevented her from seeing anything. She was basically bound in public and as icing on the cake the speed of the bike made her coat fly in the air exposing her butt to all who may be following. It was the act that to Alice summed up her relationship with Nicole. Being lead by a leash to the bike was the first act of submission she had performed for Nicole and the first time she was bound and exposed to the world was on the back of the bike. To Alice the bike was her symbol of submission to Nicole. And while you had to look hard to know she was bound, because she could not see she could not know for sure if anyone discovered her secret or was watching her moon the city and Alice's mind assumed the worst.
When they arrived, Nicole released her wrists, took Alice's hands from Nicole's pockets and pulled off the helmet. Looking around Alice saw they were at the theater next to the mall. She was thankful that Nicole had parked on the side of the building and not directly in front. Anxious to get off, Alice stretched her legs and tried to maintain some level of dignity as she pulled her frozen leg over the side of the bike. Even though Phoenix is never really cold it was in the 50's and flying down the street with legs and ass exposed to the wind tends to leave you a little numb.
Nicole followed Alice off of the bike and locked the helmets as Alice straightened her coat and hair. However Nicole could not help but watch Alice out of the corner of her eye. Even though she had just finished giving Alice one of her lessons in oral pleasure a few hours ago, seeing Alice standing there in the parking lot knowing that she was naked under that coat caused Nicole's pussy to moisten yet again.
Alice just stood there in silence as Nicole inspected her ward and ran her fingers through her hair. Wrapping her hands around the back of Alice's skull, Nicole pulled her in for a deep passionate kiss.
Alice just closed her eyes and placed her hands on Nicole's hips, as she had been taught and practiced in her lessons, and let Nicole have her way with the inside of her mouth. As the kiss continued Nicole slowly released her grip and began to run her hands along Alice's arms and back up the front of her coat.
Alice jerked and let out a small gasp and she felt Nicole hands brushed over her hardened nipples.
"I see our date night has got you excited," purred Nicole as she broke the kiss and played with Alice's coat collar.
Excited by our date, Alice screamed in her mind. I'm freezing my ass off, literally, after being exposed to half the city on the back of that bike and you think it made me aroused. "Actually mistress I think it's the cold more than anything," mumbled Alice ashamed of being groped in the middle of a parking lot by a girl.
"Well then we best be getting you ready to go in," replied Nicole as she began to untie Alice's coat.
"What are you doing"? Gasped Alice as she grabbed hold of Nicole's hands.
"Getting you ready to go inside," growled Nicole as she pushed open the front of Alice's coat exposing her body. "Now put your hands in your pockets before your punishment becomes worse."
Alice did not like the sound of that remark. When she disobeyed Nicole when they first met she was spanked until she cried and since then she had been careful not to give Nicole any reason to repeat it. Now here she was several miles from home naked except for a coat with no keys, no money and no identification. She was trapped with her irritated mistress and decided to quickly place her hands into her pockets before she agitated her any further.
Like Nicole's coat the bottom of the pockets had been cut out so her hands slipped right through to the inside of the coat. Alice simply looked into Nicole's face as Nicole slowly opened the coat and pulled her hands foreword. Closing her eyes she felt the cold steel wrap around her left wrist and then her right before sensing Nicole pull away. Opening her eyes she looked at a smiling Nicole and feeling the cool breeze dropped her gaze down to her exposed body.
Nicole could not help but smile as she took in the image before her. Even as Alice tried to keep the coat closed with her arms her restrained hands kept her from accomplishing her goal. So while her breasts were covered the coat was parted a few inches leaving her torso from her neck to her hips exposed. Only the placement of her hands kept her pussy from being seen as she hung her head submissively. Walking back up to Alice Nicole slipped her hands under the coat and exposed Alice's breasts. Panicking Alice brought her head back up and looked into Nicole's eyes as Nicole's hands caressed her breasts. She leaned in for another passionate kiss as she pinched each nipple between her thumb and forefinger. Alice closed her eyes and took in a loud gasp as the pain from her nipples radiated out. Nicole kept it up until they were fully hardened and sticking out.
"So it still mostly the cold affecting your nipples puppet?" questioned Nicole with a smirk on her face.
"No mistress," squeaked Alice.
Nicole slid her hands between Alice's arms and body pushing the coat open further but covering her with her body. Alice closed her eyes as she saw Nicole leaning in for another kiss and let her lessons take over once again.
Alice was relived that Nicole had closed her coat and retied the belt. But she was still nervous as the coat was unbuttoned and threatened to open with each step or each pull of her arm as Nicole lead her through the lobby arms entwined towards the theater. Alice kept looking around but so far she couldn't see any sign of anyone noticing she was naked.
As they entered the theater Nicole stopped abruptly as she scanned the room. Alice felt a sense of relief as the theater was dark and nearly. With a slight pull on her arm Nicole lead Alice to a row towards the back with a male and female sitting a couple rows ahead. Alice nervously sidestepped into the row until Nicole signaled her to stop and would only watch as Nicole took her seat and smiled up at Alice, her fingers dancing over the back of her knee. Alice could only stand there practically naked in a public theater, helpless with her hands cuffed securely under her coat biting her lower lip. Looking around nervously Alice noticed that the most of the patrons were not paying attention to her.
"Mistress please," whispered Alice as she looked down at the folded up seat.
With a smirk on her face Nicole removed her hand from Alice's thigh and pushed down the velvet covered seat. Alice quickly sat down the hem of her coat rising so that her bare ass came in contact with the soft velvet of the seat cushion and the front splitting open completely to expose her pubic hair. With her hands cuffed together under her coat Alice would only be able to cover herself with her hands if she pushed open the belt and thus was only able to fidget in the seat.
As soon as the lights dimmed Nicole untied the belt and pulled the coat open as Alice froze in the seat. Nicole cupped Alice's cheek and turned her head so it faced hers and slowly leaned in for a soft gentle kiss.
Alice simply closed her eyes and accepted the kiss hoping they would not attract too much attention. However Alice hopes were dashed when she heard a girl shout, "Wow, this movie is a lot hotter than I thought," followed by laughter. Turning Alice spotted four teenage girls sitting in the back row directly behind them.
As the movie started things settle down. The only people close to them were the couple a few rows ahead and the girls a few rows back and both were now watching the movie. As things settled Nicole moved her hand into Alice's lap and parted her coat a little more. Alice gasped quietly and a warm shiver ran up her spine as Nicole started to caress her thigh and gently stroke her pussy just as she would do while driving. However, here they were sitting in a room with other people and as much as she wanted Nicole to stop she didn't want to be discovered even more and just sat frozen in her seat.
Alice tried to keep her head straight but Nicole already knew quite well how the manipulate Alice and she slowly raised her arousal level. Giving up any pretense of watching the movie Alice closed her eyes in an attempt to will her body to obey her and not bring her the shame of cumming in the middle of a theater. Nicole's finger found her clitoris and started a gentile flicking motion. The stimulation was causing her body to build to a massive climax. Alice knew that even this was going to be a lost cause and mentally prepared herself for the orgasm her body now wanted. Just as her body started to stiffen from the cresting wave within her Nicole's fingers stopped, and returned to caressing her thigh causing her to twitch in frustration. Expecting a climax and forgetting her intention not to cum Alice snapped her head up and turned towards Nicole.
"Are you enjoying the movie puppet?" whispered Nicole.
Alice's breathing was labored and the question caused her to blush. She lowered her head in an attempt to regain control of her body and stop herself from begging for relief.
"Well puppet? It's not nice to ignore your lover," continued Nicole as she placed her glistening finger under Alice's chin and turned her to look into her eyes.
"I'm sorry mistress. I haven't really been paying attention to the movie," mumbled Alice.
Nicole simply leaned in for a kiss as she gently cupped Alice's now wet pussy. Alice accepted the kiss with a soft moan not just as she was trained to, but also as her aroused body now wanted because it knew the reward was the resumption of Nicole's cresses.
The peanut gallery showed renewed interest in their activities and started in on the color commentary at their expense. Not wanting to engage the girls Alice decided to ignore them and concentrate on her own situation. With her hands bound under her coat she was totally at the mercy of Nicole who was now passionately kissing her and once again slowly running her fingers along the outside of her pussy.
This continued: Nicole would slowly bring up Alice's arousal level and just when she was about to break would abruptly stop, signaling the beginning of another make-out session. This would let the sexual yearning between her legs fade just a little and the whole process would start over.
Alice become so absorbed in the repetition that after Nicole stopped playing with her pussy after bring her to the brink of orgasm she subconsously turned her head towards Nicole expecting another make-out session as her body cooled but she was pulled out of her daze by Nicole closing and tying the front of her coat causing Alice to open her eyes and stare expectantly at Nicole; her body primed and shuddering with want and frustration.
"Come puppet, it time to leave," stated Nicole as she pulled her to her feet.
Alice could only squirm upon hearing Nicole's order. She hated this; after fighting her desire and finally giving in to her libido her body expected and wanted an orgasm now her desperate and willing body was demanding release that was not to come. On the other hand her mind was ashamed. After being overpowered and surrendering to the urges of her body she was told that her body would not get what it wanted either. Broken Alice now only wanted to escape the scene as soon as possible.
Looking down as she rose to her feet Alice was shocked at how wet the seat had become, evidence of how aroused her body had become. Since Nicole had started playing with her, she became more and more aroused and the time it took to reeve back up between forced cool downs grew shorter and shorter and by the look of the chair wetter as well.
A shudder ran up Alice's back as she thought about what the next patron who attempted to sit in the seat would find or the laugh the cleaning crew would get at there discovery. Thinking of this Alice could only look at the floor as they walked up the main aisle arm in arm and passed the four girls as they left the theater.
Alice was in a daze from the embarrassment her mind was feeling and the desire her body was still experiencing as she strutted down the hall, too preoccupied to care what she looked like or who was looking. Nicole however was utterly thrilled by the experience and left the movie early to take Alice to someplace reasonably private so she could have her relieve some of the sexual frustration she was now feeling. Spotting the bathroom she turned and marched Alice in.
Entering the bathroom Nicole spun Alice around and grapping her head with both hands pulled her in for a passionate kiss. Alice was only able to let out a whimper as Nicole's lips sealed over hers, the aggressive act catching her off guard. With her hands cuffed she would have fallen over if not for Nicole holding her so tightly.
"Go fix your hair and make-up," gasped Nicole as she broke the kiss and started to release the cuffs. "You look like you were used by a whole cheer squad and I want you looking your best when you go down on me."
A shiver ran down Alice's back as she heard Nicole's command. Yes she was going to be free, at least physically, but that also was a double-edged sward. She hated being restrained as it highlighted the fact that she was being forced to go along with Nicole's perverted desires but it also gave her an excuse; she was not in control of her body her mind had no choice but to go along.
Now she was going to have to fix her hair and make-up so she could go-down on Nicole in a public bathroom. Having done it several dozen times had made the act less revolting but she did not like the thought of having to do it in such a public place. She felt humiliated after doing it at the clothing store and at least that was in private changing room. Here she was going to have to give oral sex in a public bathroom. Rubbing her wrists Alice knew they were in a quiet period when the bathroom would not be used but the window would not last. Taking a deep breath Alice turned and walked towards the sinks as she was more worried about getting caught than performing the act itself and instead of delaying the inevitable worked as quickly as she could to fix her face.
After washing Alice worked to replace the foundation, mascara, blush and eye liner as the sales lady instructed her and like she had practiced under Nicole's watchful eye the past few days. As she used the brush to apply her lipstick and lip gloss, deep red to match her nails, Alice could not help but think of how she was making herself beautiful for her girlfriend, one of her jobs in the relationship, so she could orally pleasure her girlfriend another of her jobs in the relationship.
Standing up straight and fluffing her hair Alice inspected the image of beauty before her. The image brought out by her mistress and one that looked far better than she was capable of doing on her own. Taking a deep breath Alice turned and presented herself to Nicole.
"Very good puppet and might I add very prompt too," smiled Nicole. "You must be very eager. Tell me puppet do you crave my pussy that much?"
Alice cringed at the thought. Yes through repetition the act no longer bothered her as much and she had gotten over to the taste but she certainly did not enjoy it or want to do it. "Yes mistress I enjoy giving you pleasure and love the taste of your juices," replied Alice.
However Nicole was too excited to notice the sarcasm in her voice and just heard the words from her self-professed lover. Locking her eyes with Alice's she slowly closed the distance between them and pulled Alice in for a passionate kiss.
However the kiss was cut short by the sound of laughter and the bathroom door flinging open. The silence on the room was defining as Alice stared wide-eyed at the four girls who were seated behind them. All of the embarrassment and humiliation she felt from wearing that degrading maid's uniform, riding bare assed on the back of Nicole's bike or being fondled in a public theater paled in comparison to how she felt now. Her feeling of anonymity gone, Alice crossed her hands below her chest holding the coat tight and lowered her gaze to the floor.
"Hello ladies," said Nicole as she wrapped her hand around Alice's waist, "did you enjoy the show?"
"Yes and the movie was not that bad either," responded the willowy blond followed by a fit of giggles by the group.
The laughter only made Alice feel worse. With nowhere to go she simply cuddle more deeply into Nicole for support and shelter. While she was incapable of functioning Nicole seemed fine and more than willing to engage the foursome.
"Well I'm happy that my lover and I were able to improve your movie going experience," stated Nicole lifting Alice's face to look into hers and rubbed her blushing cheek. "By the way I'm Nicole and this is beautiful creature is Alice."
Alice did not think it was possible but blushed a little more as Nicole took a step away while she introduced her. Here she was standing in a bathroom wearing only a coat, with a very short hemline, and high heels and now by a simple act was made the center off attention as she was inspected and rated by four strange girls who thought she was a lesbian. Not knowing what to do she simply turned to the four girls and gave a hesitant smile. She hated being judged and much preferred to stay in the background.
"Well she does have a beautiful face," said the girl with shoulder length brown hair.
"And you cannot miss those legs," chirped in one of the two Japanese looking girls.
"Definitely 10's" added the other which brought another round of giggles from the girls.
Alice bit her lower lip and dropped her hands to nervously play and pull on the hem of her coat. After openly making out with Nicole in front of them for the better part of a movie she was now being rated by them like a new piece of jewelry, apparently a beautiful piece of jewelry.
"Anyway my name is Christine," stated the blond.
Alice looked her over. She appeared to be about 5'7" with shoulder length dark blond hair and an average body, if not a little on the thin side.
"And I'm Amber," added the brown haired girl who was a little shorter than the blond but a little more curvy. "And this jolly twosome is Hanna and Yuka" gesturing two the two almost identical girls standing to her side. With the jet black hair cut in identical bobs and similar boyish body styles Alice thought they looked like identical 15-year-old twins. However since the other two girls were obviously seniors they must simply looked young for their age.
"Are you two identical," asked Nicole.
"No but we are very close," responded Hanna and she hugged her sister, resulting in a giggle from each. The irony of using a lesbian reference in front of two lesbians lost on them.
"So do you guys make-out in public often?" asked Christine as she stared into Nicole's eyes, knowing she was the alpha in the relationship and trying to reassert her position within her group.
"We go at it as often as we can," replied Nicole in a soft commanding voice. "Alice is a great kisser and there is nothing better then the feel of another girls lips on your own.
"I'll' stick to my boyfriend thank you," responded Christine.
"You mean he worked up the nerve to kiss you," added Amber, resulting in another round of giggles from the twins.
"Well you have not done any better," shot Christine, "And you two have yet to even kiss a boy, let alone have a boyfriend. So stop your laughing."
"Now take it easy ladies," interjected Nicole. "What I meant was women are more sensual kissers. We put more feeling into it, our lips are much softer and we spend much more time making sure they look good and taste good for our partners. With boys you would be lucky if they freshen their breath or clean their teeth before going in."
"She does have a point," added Amber over the laughter.
"Besides a girl can appreciate the beauty of another girl," continued Nicole as she ran her fingers through Alice's hair and caressed her cheek. "And as far as emotions go we can all relate to other women much easier than guys. We are more emotional and our emotions complement and heighten our sexuality. Therefore it is easy to see why being intimate with a woman is much more pleasurable than being with a boy. We know what other women want."
"I tell you what," stated Nicole, stepping away from Alice again. "I'm a voyeur at heart and my girl friend is quite the exhibitionist and as I have mentioned a very, very good kisser. If any of you would like to see for yourself you can kiss Alice and I'm sure that you would agree it is a very pleasurable experience."
Alice just look wide eyed at Nicole who was now standing in front of her facing the four girls. She wants me to kiss these strangers, in a public bathroom while naked, thought Alice. Frozen in place and not knowing how to react, Alice turned her gaze to the four girls who were now looking at her deep in thought.
"Think about it ladies," continued Nicole as she walked behind the four girls. "Hardly anyone places any negative stigma on a girl for kissing another girl. Hell guys see it as a positive. It gives you instant credit as being sexually open without having to do a thing with them. If you don't like it big deal, guys will be interested in the story, interested in you. And from your little argument earlier it will help when you go off to college and meet new people, no matter what else you did you will be seen as having done something erotic with little negative baggage."
"Okay I'm sold," stated Amber, looking into Alice's eyes.
At which point the focus shifted from Alice to Amber.
"You can't be serious," growled Christine. "You are actually going to kiss a girl to see what it feels like."
"And to have a story when I go off to college," answered Amber as she looked at each of the girls. "Lets face it we're not the most experienced girls around and I do not want to be the one with nothing to say when the topic of past experience comes up. Tom doesn't seem to be very sure about dating me and I do not know of anything else that will come up."
"Besides I'm interested in finding out if Nicole here is right," Amber added with a smile and looking back at Alice. "Maybe kissing another girl is better."
Alice did not like the look in Amber's eyes. It was the look of a predator being offered her prey. She just spent a whole movie kissing another girl in front of them and how was having her services offered, without her commitment and most importantly her consent. Looking to Nicole she not only didn't see any sign for help but a big smile in her face as she pulled out her camera phone to document the event.
" I don't believe you are actually going to do it," stated Christine as Amber slowly closed the distance between her and Alice.
As Amber stopped in front of Alice and looking into her eyes Alice wanted to plead for her to stop but didn't know if she should. Her mind was in a panic and did not know what would happen with Nicole, to her parents if she did.
However her mental trauma was cut off when Amber placed her hands on Alice's hips and leaned in for a soft quite kiss.
Afterwards Amber turned around to face her friends.
"You are not going to have much of a story with a kiss like that," laughed Christine. "I've seen better kisses between 6th graders."
Turning back around Amber wrapped her arms around Alice's neck and pulled her in for another more forceful kiss, the type of kiss Alice had practiced with Nicole countless times over the past week. Her mind went back to autopilot and simply followed Amber's lead supporting the kiss her hands moving to Amber's hips as they swayed back and forth their bodies rubbing against each others. The kissing continued with Amber becoming more confident with her actions, more willing to explore more insistent and after several moments of very passionate and loud kissing pressed her tongue up against Alice's teeth and signaled Alice to open her mouth and accept Amber's advance. Realizing the passion had just gone up a notch Alice started to move her hands up and down Amber's sides and ass.
As Amber pulled back, finally breaking the kiss Alice took a gasp of breath and opened her eyes.
"You were absolutely right," breathed Amber. "That was a very good kiss. A very very good kiss." Looking a bit flustered Amber turned to her friends. "I mean it was so sensual, her lips are so soft and smooth and taste like strawberry and her breath smells like mint and her hair smells fresh. And the feeling: It's has that mystique of being naughty, like kissing the school bad boy. "
"Easy girl," interrupted Christine, "you look like you are about to pass out. Besides it could not have been that good."
"But it was," continued Amber. "I would have to say that it was the best kiss of my life. "Granted I don't have much to compare it too but still, I don't know how it could be topped."
"So are you a lesbian now?" asked Christine with a little sarcasm.
"One kiss does not make you a lesbian," Amber shot back placing her hands on her hips. "Besides if it's anything like that kiss I would have to say I wouldn't mind."
"Well I'm glad you enjoyed it," interrupted Nicole. "I told you kissing a girl was preferable. And after a kiss like that you definitely have a story to tell. What about the rest of you - any more takers?"
"Still not interested," grunted Christine.
"Your choice," said Nicole as she walked behind the twins. "How about you ladies? You heard your friend. Alice is a great kisser. Besides didn't you say she was a 10 earlier?"
The twins just looked at each other. It was obvious they were both shy and did not like all the attention but they also looked like they caved to peer pressure easily.
"Look Amber already did it and it wasn't bad. In fact she said she actually enjoyed it. Said it was by far the best kiss of her life. Alice won't bite, I promise you will not regret it."
"Come on," added Amber, moving in front of her two friends and placing an arm on each shoulder. "Trust me, you will be happy that you did."
Amber let her hands move do the sides of each girls arm and grabbed their hands and gave a slight pull forward. Almost in a trance the two girls let Amber lead them before Alice. Walking behind Hanna, Amber maneuvered her until she was standing directly in front of Alice.
Alice looked down into the face of the cute Japanese girl before her and could not help returning the girls smile. Alice felt the girl was a lot like how she was just last week; she was shy, a follower, never wanting to stand out or take a risk on something new. She was the type of girl who wanted to be kissed but felt uncomfortable making the first move. The type of girl Nicole's training also covered.
Lifting her hands Alice softly cradled Hanna's face and leaned in to give Hanna a gentle kiss. The first kiss was short and innocent. Nicole taught her the importance of making your partner comfortable and Alice knew Hanna was nervous. Pulling back slightly Alice opened her eyes to see Hanna staring back with a slight smile on her face. Knowing she succeeded in getting Hanna comfortable she once again closed her eyes and leaned down to give Hanna a second longer kiss.
Alice knew she was successful from the soft cooing sounds Hanna was making and the fact that she had placed her hands on Alice's hips. Alice dropped her hands to rest on Hanna's shoulders and proceeded to get a little more aggressive with the kiss.
As the kiss continued Alice wondered if she was supposed to break the kiss or wait for a signal from Hanna, which did not seem forthcoming, as the girl was more than happy to let her simply continue. After several minutes Alice felt she had allowed the kiss to go on for long enough and even though Hanna was showing no signs of wanting to stop Alice knew she had to still kiss Yuka, Hanna's sister. Pushing slightly on Hanna's shoulders Alice leaned back and saw Hanna leaning foreword with her eyes still closed searching for Alice's lips.
Opening her eyes Hanna blinked as she looked up at Alice and turned her head around the room settling on her sister. "Wow, that was really good," giggled Hanna.
Hanna's statement seemed to relieve Yuka who now seemed to want to share the same experience her sister just had. Turning slightly to face the twin Alice reached out her hands and grasping Yuka's face just like her sisters leaned in for a gentle first kiss to the cheers and flashes of the others in the room.
After breaking the kiss Alice released her prey and looked down at a smiling Yuka. "That was very good, thank you," mumbled Yuka as she took her sisters hand and blushed.
Alice herself was feeling flush from the event; the cheers only reinforced the achievement. She had just made out with twin girls who were all but identical. She knew that this was a guy's ultimate wet dream but did lesbians share it too? Alice was also surprised at how similar the twins kiss. Yes they were both inexperienced and physically very similar but Alice could not find any difference between the two girls and if she didn't know any better she could have just been reliving the moment with the second kiss.
"Congratulations," cheered Christine "you are now lesbians."
"Christine!" shot Amber, "like I said before one kiss goes not make you a lesbian. And at least Hanna and Yuka are willing to try you on the other hand refuse to even consider it."
"Well as far as I remember that was their first kiss. Meaning all of their action so far has been for the home team," replied Christine.
"Why are you being such a bitch?!" shouted Amber. "We're just having a little fun. Trying something new. And all you're doing is crapping on your friends. Besides weren't you the one who was trying to convince us to go to school in a skirt and no panties like all of last year."
"That was just a little harmless exhibitionism between us, I'm sorry this just seems a little weird to me. Besides I have to go meet Mike for dinner and give him a real kiss. Thanks for coming to the movie with me," growled Christine as she walked out the door.
"Okay, that girl has some unresolved issues," stated Nicole after the room quieted down. "If she wasn't interested in trying just say so why crap all over your friends."
"She is not really a friend," replied Amber as she placed her arms around the twins. "I mean she used to be tolerable but over the past few months she has gotten very uppity even though Mike is not a very good catch."
"Well then I think the three of you would be better off without her," answered Nicole. "Besides the three of you look good together and think of the adventures you can have."
With that statement the three girls looked up at Nicole.
"I don't mean that way," laughed Nicole, "but I have to say I strongly recommend it, besides you are young your decisions now don't set you for your entire life, explore. Take Alice's mother for example, she was a raving lesbian in college and has been happily married to Alice's father for the last twenty years. What I'm saying is have fun. In fact I think you should do the no panty thing."
"You're kidding," stated Amber.
"No I'm not," answered Nicole walking over the Alice. "In fact Alice here goes to a school were its tradition not to were panties to class. She has gone to school for practically four years without wearing underwear and trust me their skirts are short. Isn't that right puppet?"
Alice blushed as the attention of the three girls turn back to her. True it was tradition not to wear panties under your uniform but it was an inside joke, a way to bond with fellow classmates. Spoken to a group of outsiders it just sounds like they behave like a group of sluts. "It sounds like a bigger deal than it is," spouted Alice. "You see I go to an all girls schools and we do it for fun, a form of school spirit."
Alice stopped her explanation as she saw the three girls laughing. As far as they were concerned she was a full-fledged lesbian admitting she went to an all girl's school were no one wore underwear.
"It's a way to be a little naughty without much risk. You don't have to wear a mini skirt or even do it at school. You can do it at the shopping mall, or out to dinner or even to the movies," stated Nicole as she stopped behind Alice and placed her hands on her shoulders.
Alice nervously bit her lower lip her heart pounding and her cheeks grew flush as she watched the realization wash over the girl's faces.
"You mean she is not wearing any underwear now," gasped Amber as her eyes tried to pierce Alice's coat.
"Well that is a true statement but not entirety accurate," sang Nicole as she walked over to the side leaving Alice to stand alone in front of the three girls.
"What do you mean 'not entirely accurate'?" Asked Amber excitedly, staring at Alice but talking to Nicole's reflection in the mirror.
"Lets just say that you cannot see any clothes under that coat because they are smaller," responded Nicole stopping to point her phone at Alice and the reflection of the three girls.
"No way, shouted Amber as the twins gasped.
Alice knew what was going to happen next and knew that tonight there would be three girls masturbating to the memory of the girl who flashed them in the bathroom and gave them their first girl kiss.