Aurelia's Future Determined
Avoiding Alex
Friday would be the last day of Aurelia's holiday. It had delivered at the last, but could not be permitted to affect her university plans. She knew that Friday would be painful enough whether or not she saw Alex. It was better to avoid him. She made a successful long distance phone call. Then she wrote him a note and slipped it behind the criss-crossed elasticated tapes on the guests' message board in Reception.
She asked the receptionist for flight information. The receptionist was assistance personified, once Aurelia had explained her requirement.
Leaving the desk having accomplished her objective, Aurelia passed Alex going into breakfast. Seeing him was awkward since she was in effect running away from him and towards her future. Her heart fluttered as their eyes met. "Hi Alex!" she said, forcing her voice to sound normal. She gave him a quick peck on the cheek then explained, "I've left you a note. I'm going out for the day. Enjoy the last day of your holiday."
She gave him her best smile then quickly left, forestalling any questions. She could feel his eyes following her, sense his disappointment. She doubted that he was ogling her bottom or her flowing blonde locks. She guessed he would simply be regretting her walking away from him, perhaps forever.
Her trip was arranged on impulse, designed to distract her mind from Alex and occupy it with something of longer term relevance. Armed with her passport, she took a taxi and headed for the island airport. Within an hour she was airborne, flying to Paris. She had dressed in her most respectable dress and a cardigan.
Her heart pounded as the aircraft descended through light cloud to reveal Paris laid out beneath her. She felt no joy, only emptiness and trepidation.
To her surprise, there was an agent with a sign bearing her name as she emerged from arrivals at Charles de Gaulle airport.
She shook Aurelia's hand and said, « Bonjour Mademoiselle, le professeur a mis une voiture pour vous »
So, Professor Briand had laid on a car to take her to the university. She wondered why, then recalled that she had had to supply a copy of her passport with her application. Perhaps for the first time in the history of international travel documents, her passport photo was one that did not lie. Her photograph accurately reflected her beauty. She remembered the enthusiasm with which she had posed for the photographer who took her picture. He had to warn her not to smile, and took several before he was satisfied with the results. Theprofesseurmust have seen her photograph and studied it closely; perhaps taken a keen interest in it.
So, Eugène Briand was probably a ladies' man.
The Sorbonne had asked her to confirm which course she wished to study since it was developing its academic programme and diversifying in her chosen field of study. She had spoken to Professor Briand by telephone in broken French. He was thankfully bilingual and offered to advise her on how to proceed, if she was willing to go to Paris to meet him. So when she telephoned him the previous evening he had welcomed her without any due notice. That suggested a keenness that perhaps went further than academic interest.
Her driver, Yvonne, was a graduate who was pursuing a postgraduate qualification under Professor Briande's tutelage. She introduced herself, then proceeded with an essential briefing whilst she drove.
"The Université de la Sorbonne is in the Latin Quarter, one of the oldest parts of Paris. You will enjoy it there, which is anarrondissementwell-tuned to student life. I can see why Eugène is setting out his stall for you - you see, I have a grasp of colloquial English. You are very beautiful. He likes such women, and tends to favour them."
Aurelia's heart quickened. Her suspicions were right. Was she prepared for this?Her
"Should I seek his favour?"
Yvonne laughed. Even before Yvonne replied Aurelia knew that her beautiful chauffeuse had been one of his former protégés.
Yvonne was both attractive and elegant. She had style and poise, which probably indicated a background of wealth and privilege. She was conscious of the beautiful blonde studying her.
"I think you have guessed that I am in his favour. But I have moved on from that relationship. Are you shocked?"
"Er, no, I don't think so; just surprised at the subject coming up quite so quickly. But why should I seek his favour?"
"Eugène is brilliant, and renowned in his general field of research, which is psychology. His specialism is clinical psychology, which is why he wants to counsel you and tempt you to opt for his options within the general course of study. The course programme begins as generic, but the sooner you select your options, the quicker you can proceed.
"Eugène has his favourites, both male and female, and not necessarily driven by his ardour. But I suspect that he will be unable to resist you. So, you must decide what you want to do. So tell me, why did you choose the Sorbonne?"
"To get away from England, I suppose. And my father thought that it would be best for me to discover new horizons."
Aurelia's mind was spinning by the time they arrived at a large and grand building in the baroque style that was obviously old and occupying a dominant position in that quarter of the city. Yvonne gave her walking directions, then apologised for leaving her. "I must find somewhere to park my car and the Professor is anxious to meet you. The university isen vacance, but graduates and some teaching staff work during the holidays."
A porter led Aurelia across an expansive quadrangle enclosed on all sides by an exquisite neo-Renaissance building, then through a maze of corridors and across a grand courtyard to the Professor's study. He rose from his desk to come and meet her as she entered, introducing himself.
"Je suis Professeur Briande. We shall converse today in English, though you will have to increase your proficiency in French as well. I know you have studied it academically, but you must develop an ear for the language. The sooner you acclimatise yourself, the better it shall be for both of us."
Eugène was a charming and handsome man, though he looked typically French rather than British. He wore a lightweight buff linen jacket over a cream linen shirt and grey corduroy trousers. He was late thirties or early forties, but well preserved, with an athletic figure and a mop of dark hair. He smelt of mannish eau de cologne.
They had an easy-going conversation over strong, dark coffee, about her family, her academic and other interests, and about what she wanted from her university education. Naturally he steered her towards his particular field of study for her options. Finally, after answering her questions, he stood up.
The interview apparently over, Aurelia rose as well.
"And now,ma chérie, we should have lunch. If we stroll towards the Seine, there is an abundance of restaurants and cafés which cater especially for us impoverished academics and students. It is a beautiful day and I shall delight in your equally beautiful company."
The restaurant he chose was quiet. He explained. "Therive gaucheis less favoured by tourists. It is one of Paris's best kept secrets: a youthful atmosphere, good value dining, and much the preserve of the universities, artists and scholars."
It was quite small, with small round tables and typical bistro style chairs, which were uncomfortable to sit on for too long. "They are cheap and stylish, and guaranteed to persuade you to leave after not too long, and make room for new customers."
Eugène ordered escargots in garlic followed by a steak. Aurelia was content with steak in a pepper sauce and frites. Her senses dulled with red wine, she found herself falling for the professor's charms. When he announced, "We have to get you back to the airport, for which I shall find you a taxi, but I make the best coffee in Paris. We should catch the metro.Alors, allons-y."
His apartment was in a plush Louis XV style block in a plusher part of Paris. The interior was redolent of a bygone age. Its grand black iron spiral stairway surrounded a wrought iron lift shaft. It had highly polished brass railings, and spoke of accommodation of privilege and money. An ornate cage lift took them up to the fourth floor where they were faced with tall double doors of a large, high ceilinged apartment decked out in stylish furnishings and works of art.
He set the coffee machine to work and showed her around the apartment.
"Do not be alarmed. I am sure that Yvonne has told you all about me. I find you very attractive, Aurelia. What a beautiful name for a priceless work of nature's art. But I do not seduce the unwilling, nor the unprepared. I hope only for a fruitful relationship
"When do you propose to come back to Paris?"
Aurelia was lost for words, and incapable at that moment of a coherent answer.
"What detains you now in England? It would be as well to immerse yourself in Parisian life before your course begins in a month's time. I can help you to find accommodations, perhaps with other English-speaking students, if you are wiling?"
He did not make any more advances to her. After their coffee, he took her down to the street to summon a taxi. Her first thought was how should she pay for it, but he held up a hand and gestured to get in, before slipping in beside her on the back seat.
He spoke in French to the driver, suggesting, she guessed, to find a scenic route back to the airport. She was dazzled by her first impressions of the quintessentially faded but romantic atmosphere of Paris in the '70s. He helped her to check in for her flight and waited with her until it was called. He walked her to the gate. By that time, they had reached an understanding.
"Hurry back,ma chérie, and I shall devote my time to our mutualconversations en francais, and preparation for your new life."

~*~*~

All change
Aurelia travelled back to the holiday island with a mixture of emotions. She had just irrevocably changed her plans for her last few weeks in England. What would her father say? Would he be willing to stump up more money for her earlier departure and living expenses in Paris?
To her surprise, he seemed relieved when they met over dinner, that she was ready to leave in just a few days. "A new life, a new start," he had said. She suddenly felt like baggage being shifted out of the way.
She left the holiday camp restaurant after dinner, and was quickly absorbed into the gang again. But she did not mind. Her brain was pre-occupied with the charming Eugène and her impending new life. She had not thought about Alex for several hours.
The group drifted towards the clifftop shop, which was preparing to close as dusk fell. She found herself being quite garrulous in her exchanges for a change. Then a gap suddenly opened up in the gathering, and she saw Rachel standing a little way off, looking at her. Rachel's departure had provoked a great deal of conjecture, so her arrival now was intriguing to the group.
Aurelia's heart leapt with joy. She excused herself to those near her and pushed her way through the milling throng that had threatened to imprison her again, to go to Rachel. They hugged like old friends.
"Shall we have a drink?" asked Rachel.
Aurelia smiled, and was already mapping out in her fantasy what would happen later. Her meeting with the Professor had aroused her through his judicial application of his gallic charm and short-term restraint. She found that she wanted Rachel's body and the comfort it would bring. It would be a fitting last night.
"So you came back. What did you do with your day?"
Rachel sighed. "I spent it with my aunt. She's very depressed, maybe clinically so. I left her with a rented companion who will spend the evening with her.
"I came back, hoping to find you. You weren't to be found earlier. Where did you go?"
"Paris."
Rachel stopped in her tracks, her mouth gaping with astonishment.
"Yes, you heard me correctly."
She detailed her day to Rachel, whose eyes gleamed with thoughts of the romance and excitement of Paris.
"So let's celebrate your imminent departure for gay Paree with a bottle of champagne. Aunt Penny is paying for it, even though she doesn't know it."
They headed off to the Bar. The clubhouse ballroom had two adjoining double doors, to allow for massed entries and exits at busy times. By a twist of fate, the two girls entered through one set of doors at the precise moment that Alex left by the other. The girls had come within six feet of him, but none were aware of the coincidence. He had been dutifully spending the last day and early evening with his parents.
As the friends sat at a table at the back of the ballroom, Rachel spotted Alex's parents at a front table by the ballroom floor.
"Do you know what? Seeing Alex's parents over there makes my pussy itch."
Aurelia regarded her closely. "Have you still got the bug?"
"No, just an itch that a stunning blonde can help me scratch."
"Two minds with but a single thought. So let's go."
"You do realise," Rachel said, "that this is the end of the holiday. Don't you want to let your hair down in the disco? It might not be too late."
Aurelia shook her head. "I'd rather raid your drinks fridge, even empty it."
Rachel nodded, adding, "But first, I want to buy something bubbly from the bar. I want to toast our friendship and hope that it will survive our going our separate ways."
They giggled as they strolled back to Rachel's chalet. The thoughts of each of them were from time to time elsewhere, but they were happy to be back in each other's company. Rachel's mind was pre-occupied with Alex. She was regretting the missed opportunity to resolve unfinished business with him. But the fear of his rejection after her reaction to him before, deterred her now from the very notion of trying to seek him out.
Aurelia's mind was on the secrets of her body that Rachel had unlocked. She had orgasmed several times with her friend. Her body could not easily forget Alex's masterpiece of a cock, but she had drawn a line under that brief part of her life, for fear that it might disrupt her plans. She was content that she had discovered her bisexuality, which could prove very convenient.
The Brunette with the sexy curves and big breasts walked alongside the physically perfect Blonde, after whom every heterosexual man lusted and bemoaned their lack of success. Any blue blooded male would have drooled at the sight of them, and would probably have been disappointed at being spurned.
The champagne did not last long. The girls had got naked and sat on the bed, swapping stories and giggling like the school girls they had so recently been. Aurelia felt light headed, but Rachel was up for more booze.
"I'm going to get some more champers. I don't want this night to end."
She got some money and skipped to the door. Aurelia called after her.
"Shouldn't you put something on?"
They both giggled again, then Rachel slipped on her sexy kimono.
The clubhouse bar was low-lit, except at the serving counter. Rachel had thought nobody would notice her outfit, but a decidedly non Anglo-Saxon pinch on the bottom told her differently. Men's eyes were undressing her. She didn't care. She was leaving tomorrow.
Aurelia was sitting up in the bed under the sheet when she returned to the chalet, listening to music on the built-in radio console. Rachel looked around to check that the door had shut behind her, so silent was its mechanism.
She shrugged off her kimono and shook her breasts tantalisingly at her blonde friend. She opened the chilled bubbly and poured two effervescing glasses and proposed a toast.
"To wherever we end up, we shall always be friends. Until we meet again, cheers!"
They linked arms and each took a deep sip, coughing on the errant bubbles invading their noses.
"And now for dessert," declared the brunette. She pulled back the sheet and ducked her head between the blonde's loins to suck on Aurelia's gorgeous pussy.
Aurelia sighed. The alcohol had made her mood extra mellow.Here's to bisexuality, she thought.
"Rachel!"
It was a male voice. Aurelia froze. That wasn't Rachel's voice. Who else would be speaking to her friend? Rachel stopped sucking her and jerked her body upwards, turning her head to look towards the source of the sound.
Somebody else was in the chalet with them. Rachel must have failed to close the door properly. Aurelia panicked. She could not hide herself. So she did the next best thing and grabbed some pillows and clamped them over her face.
Rachel was speaking to the voice.
"Alex, what are you doing here? How -?"
Aurelia's heart leapt, then plummeted at the thought that Alex should find her naked with Rachel.
"Rachel, I saw you outside. I'm as surprised as you are."
It was Alex's voice right enough. Aurelia panicked. Her life had gone through too many twists and turns in recent weeks. She held on to the thought that she had finally sorted matters out. She was going to France and a new future, yet a voice from her recent past had apparently returned to stir things up again.
She peeked over the top of one pillow. Alex was indeed there, and he had turned to go and lock the door, from the inside. Her immediate thought was :he mustn't see me. He must not know I'm here.
She leapt from the bed whilst his back was turned, and fled into the bathroom.
She listened at the door to a muffled conversation.
"How did you get in?"
"A trick I got from a movie."
"Go outside, I'll follow you out, I promise."
Aurelia heard Rachel say she would talk to Alex outside the chalet.
A few minutes later she heard them both returning.
The bathroom door opened and a naked Rachel beckoned her.
Aurelia peeped out the bathroom door. Her eyes locked with Alex.Why was he there? What did he want?She realised then that his motive was obvious; he was undressing.
He must be thinking the same questions as her. She decided that she must confront him, despite being naked. He had her all now, and not too long ago. She had nothing to hide from him, except her thoughts and intentions.
She crept out of the bathroom. Rachel came and stood beside her putting her arms around Aurelia's waist in a gesture of solidarity.
Alex stared at them both. He didn't look upset, or even surprised. Aurelia saw lust in his eyes, a desire for both their naked bodies. He approached them; she looked down at his excitable cock. He slipped an arm around her waist and pulled her into a huddle with him and Rachel. It was a seminal moment of intersexual friendship. He kissed her, then Rachel.
Rachel spoke. "Come to the bed, I - we - have some explaining to do."
Rachel took Aurelia's hand and moved to the bed where she sat with her back to the headboard. Aurelia sat beside her and nervously pulled up the top sheet over their breasts. It felt weird to have the three of them naked in the same room.
She forced herself to take control. She commanded Alex, "Fetch yourself a glass from the bathroom."
She poured three generous fingers of vodka and offered a carton of orange juice as a mixer.
Rachel then explained to Alex. "So, my aunt booked us into a hotel. I thought she had cancelled our reservation here, but I forgot to hand in my key in our haste to leave. Aunt Penny left hers in the chalet. I returned the next day to hand my key back. The receptionist was surprised that we'd left, and said the room was still ours for the rest of the week. That was just as well because yesterday, Aunt's mood became impossible. She asked me to leave her on her own, so I came back here for the night. I'm led to believe that you two were cavorting in the rain on the bowling green."
Aurelia glared at her friend. "You might as well tell him the rest."
Rachel paused, then took a deep breath.
"Aunt Penny was drunk and confused. She may have thought that she could somehow enhance our sex by joining in. Who knows, now? The point is, she was devastated to realise that she had spoiled our assignation. I said some bad words to you. I kicked you out. I didn't know what to think.
"I took Aunt Penny to a hotel in the town. Since then, Penny has been seeing a psychiatrist at the hospital. She is suffering from a severe mental breakdown. The cause goes way back into her past, but this recent event may have been the last straw."
Aurelia smiled to suggest that all was well.
"Rache and I became friendly last week. We didn't mind not finding suitable men because we enjoyed each other's company. So much so that we discovered that we enjoyed each other's bodies as well. Rachel made the first approach, but I didn't need much enticing. That seemed to be our solution to being man-less. I thought it was safer, too. Then you arrived on Saturday. Rachel went off after you."
Rachel harrumphed ironically. "Yes, and it made Aurelia interested in you! I was so humiliated by my aunt's scandalous behaviour in front of you, Alex, but I was even more humiliated by you orgasming to her nude cavorting. That sperm was supposed to be to toast the loss of my virginity. When Aunt Penny insisted on leaving, I agreed. I didn't want to see you again, but I missed Aurelia's company.
"I came back to see her, and we were intimate.
"So here we are, enjoying our last night of a very eventful holiday."
She ended her speech with a broad smirk on her face. Alex looked unconvinced. He glanced at Aurelia. She wilted under his gaze. The feelings she had suppressed were seeping to the surface again. Her tactic had to be to distract his attention. She needed to distract it again.
"Rachel is still a virgin; she needs to get laid. You're the ideal man to do it. You come with the highest recommendation."
Rachel gasped in surprise. She had not planned on this.
Alex looked at her. His face looked to be conflicted as well. Aurelia saw his desire for her in his eyes.
"And you?"
His question might have hurt Rachel, aimed as it was at her friend. Rachel lowered her voice, looking even more sheepish. "I'm not sure I'm ready anyway. I'd...like to watch, if that's OK with you? I'm sure Aurelia won't mind. And I'm sure you won't mind my nubile body as decoration."
He saw the attempted humour in her words. He laughed. She joined in with relief at an awkward situation avoided. She grabbed his hand, pulled him towards her and kissed him.
Aurelia stared at Rachel, who was distinctly uncomfortable with any implied suggestion that she lose her virginity.
Rachel took a gulp of her drink, then replaced it on the bedside table with studied care. She was both intrigued and uneasy at being a bystander to what was likely to be a very intimate act between her friends.
Aurelia decided to take the lead, as the more experienced female there. She pushed the sheet down with her legs to expose both their upper bodies. Rachel's breasts looked sumptuous. Aurelia leant across and stroked them, watching Alex out of the corner of her eye. Alex's cock had stiffened, just as she had hoped.
Rachel slid down the bed, ignoring the bait of Alex's cock. Aurelia leant over her and they kissed, caressing each other's bodies.
Aurelia felt the sheet being pulled off them completely. It was Alex, keen on seeing their whole naked bodies. Rachel shifted her body through ninety degrees, into the scissoring position her Aunt had taught her. Her motive was obvious. She was opting to play safe with a move that didn't involve cocks.
Aurelia didn't want to let Rachel off the hook that easily. There was no question of she and Alex resuming their one-night stand. But there might be hope for him with Rachel. She extracted her limbs and moved to put her head between Rachel's legs instead. That seemed to satisfy the brunette and she adjusted the angle of her hips to facilitate Aurelia's oral ministrations.
It all felt clinical for Aurelia. She didn't want this, but she had to make Rachel relax and become aroused. Then she hoped, nature might take over.
Alex was not to be a disinterested bystander though. Aurelia felt his fingers probing her pussy. She didn't mind that; in fact she loved the sensations it provoked inside her. She could not resist pushing her bottom up against his knuckle to facilitate easier access for his fingers.
So it was a shock when his thick cock pushed its way inside her vagina from behind. She shrieked. It was unexpected and it felt very big and uncomfortable. Her first priority was bringing Rachel to the boil. She gave out a muffled moan as she continued to suck Rachel's clitoris whilst caressing one of Rachel's nipples with a free hand.
Aurelia tried to concentrate on pleasuring Rachel but could not restrain her body from rocking with Alex's poundings of her vagina from behind. She searched for Rachel's clitoris and tried to stimulate it whilst being rocked back and forwards. But it was too little too late and she felt her body building up to another Alex-style eruption of molten bliss. Her body was racing ahead of her mind. She released a grudging moan, but it continued, and rose in cadence and volume as her body escaped her control and set off on its rise towards an inevitable orgasm.
But there was something different about this sex doggy style. It felt much more intense. She could not stop herself crying out in surprise and delight. Her first orgasm came quickly and was rapidly followed by a second whilst Alex kept pumping. His thrusts were so powerful that she forgot Rachel as she orgasmed freely. She felt an all-consuming ecstasy. She paused her ministrations towards Rachel as she waited for her sensations to diminish. Then she rolled onto her side, clasping her pussy with her hand, as if she didn't want the sensations inside her to escape.
She knew that Alex had held back from dosing her with his sperm. She admired his control.
She glanced at Rachel whose eyes were wide with astonishment at what she had just witnessed. Alex slipped off the bed and came round it to kiss Rachel. Aurelia watched fascinatedly as he engaged in foreplay with her friend. He looked so expert and in control that she experienced a moment's jealousy that he should be making love to another woman. She shook herself out of that mindset and moved closer to them to give Rachel her encouragement. She stroked the back of Rachel's calf, then her thighs. She noted that Rachel was responding to her touch rather than Alex's attentions.
Alex delved down between Rachel's thighs with his head. Aurelia watched spellbound as his tongue explored Rachel's pussy. At last Rachel responded to him, putting her hands round his neck. Then she lifted her hips to give him easier access to her lady bits. She moaned louder when he massaged and kissed her tits.
Her voice sounded plaintive and resigned. "Are you going to take my virginity? Will you do to me what you did to Aurelia? Does my body turn you on?
Alex's reply made Aurelia feel like a voyeur. "You're a gorgeous woman, Rachel. I want you at this minute more than anything else. Will you let me...?"
Aurelia's heart felt a pang of emotion that he should still seek Rachel's permission. But Rachel said nothing, staring lovingly up into Alex's eyes. He knelt over her and slowly stroked his cock as he stared at Rachel's breasts and torso. Rachel lifted her hips again and swung her loins back and forth to tease him.
"Aaaaagh!" he exclaimed with the exasperation of a potential premature ejaculation. For a virgin, Rachel was working her hips to perfection. He had to concentrate on delaying his own pleasure.
He knelt between her outstretched knees. He buried his head between her thighs and sucked on her clit whilst simultaneously stroking a breast and nipple. It had the desired effect and Rachel's hips writhed with mounting passion. She clamped her hands to the sides of his head and pulled him up towards her breasts. He reached for his cock and positioning it at her vulval opening whilst tonguing her sensitive nipples in turn.
Aurelia realised that Rachel's sensitive breasts would cause her to climax very quickly. "Now," she urged, breathily, totally caught up in the erotic action.
Alex's back straightened as if reacting to her words. He plunged his organ home, his bottom tensing as his muscles tightened. Aurelia watched enthralled whilst Rachel gave a querulous cry at this unaccustomed sensation totally filling her vaginal passage. Rachel took a deep breath, then exhaled slowly as her body took on board this new sensation, and reacted to his gentle thrusts and withdrawals. His copulation was triggering all sorts of new and positive reactions, to which her body was responding.
This is it, she thought,I'm finally a woman. Her eyes met Aurelia's at her side, and an unspoken communication passed between them, of mutual understanding.
"Ohmigod, that's wonderful," she muttered encouragingly to Alex. "Don't stop, make me come."
Aurelia moved back behind Alex and watched his buttocks flexing as he teased Rachel's body towards her first, coital climax. She imagined every thrust and what it must be doing to Rachel's insides. She sobbed with emotion at the thought of Alex's a cock inside her friend for the very first time. The magic of man's love for woman through sex, played out before her like a romantic novel. It was beautiful to watch, and arousing, all at the same time. Both lovers were moaning now in tune to the rhythm of their coupling.
"Awww, I'm coming. Keep going my love, make me a whole woman." Rachel's words were superfluous, but expressive. "Oh, I love the feel of your big fat cock inside me. It's filling me up. It's big, oh so big. It's huge."
Then any further words were submerged by moans of physical surrender to her body's climax. Their sounds were in perfect harmony as they moved inexorably towards their mutual peaks. Aurelia reached at last for her clit, to tease her hyper-aroused body into the further orgasm that it craved. Rachel and Alex's bodies were writhing now in front of her with an instinctive interplay of hips and limbs seeking every millimetre of coital contact at the centre of their groins. This was a pure communion of two bodies in sexual harmony. The realisation of that triggered an immense orgasm in Aurelia, that coalesced with the sounds of the two lovers into a symphony of satiated desires.
Rachel cried out with exultation at a new height of orgasmic pleasure besides which all previous, non-heterosexual climaxes paled. She sensed Alex flooding her engorged channel with his sperm, and she laughed with sheer pleasure, and an abandonment of all constraint.
Alex gave out a final, long drawn out moan of ecstasy, then slumped on his elbows over the brunette. Yet he remained aware of his surroundings and his hand reached out to clasp Aurelia's in a gesture that brought her to tears of warmth and loving emotion.
She heard Rachel mutter, "My god! Will it always be like that?"
Aurelia could not stifle a laugh. Alex had rolled onto Rachel's off side, exhausted. Aurelia gazed at Rachel, who was also smiling. She caressed Rachel's body. Rachel's body jilted when Alex stroked her nipple. The girls' eyes locked and they each smiled at another shared understanding.
Aurelia lay on one side of Rachel, and Alex on the other. He and she caressed Rachel's body gently in long strokes up her front and across her breasts. Alex touched a nipple and Rachel's body jerked again.
"Careful, its very sensitive," she warned.
"It looks like your body is one, huge erogenous zone," he said. "You'll never have problems getting orgasms."
Aurelia gazed lovingly at her friend and whispered confidingly, "He took me from behind, Rache. It was unbelievable. More powerful than lying on my back."

~*~*~

Aurelia woke to daylight streaming in the chalet window. The mattress was empty beside her. Rachel had shifted to the other side of the bed. Alex came from the bathroom and stepped gingerly over Aurelia to lie down between them. She marvelled at his desire not to disturb them. Light sleep took her again, until a further movement of the mattress woke her again.
Rachel was leaning over Alex and sucking his semi-stiff cock. She looked at Aurelia sideways and smiled conspiratorially.
Aurelia decided to join in and leant downwards to lick his balls. They smelt faintly of soap, but she didn't mind. She felt him stir and moved her bottom into his view.
"What are you doing?" He murmured in a sleepy voice.
Aurelia replied, "Paying you back for last night."
"Is that revenge or reward?"
"Oh, very much reward, but stop us if you think you've been overpaid."
"Go ahead ladies," he sighed, and laid his head back on the pillow.
Aurelia looked at Rachel who had stopped sucking him. Aurelia glanced meaningfully at his semi-erect cock. Their eyes met conspiratorially. Rachel moved lightly off the bed and went to the bathroom. When she returned Aurelia went, and washed her nether regions with a flannel. She suspected that Rachel had a plan that involve them both.
When she returned to the bed Rachel knelt over Alex's head and faced down the bed, lowering her thighs toward his slumbering face. She pointed frantically at his dick. Aurelia was mystified at first at how she would avoid leaning into Rachel's face. Then she understood. She mounted Alex facing down to his feet, reverse cowboy style, and lowered her orifice onto his renewed morning wood.
If the previous evening's assault on her doggy style had been unexpectedly overly fulfilling, riding him facing away from him proved simply stimulating. With little to focus on except a cock inside her, she could concentrate on a single motion, and experience the satisfaction of pure lust.
She was already experiencing mounting excitement when his body stirred and started to respond to her vaginal embrace. His hips soon pushed upwards in time to her bounces on his cock and quickly fuelled her rise to her climax for the day. She moaned with pleasure as she heard Rachel gasping somewhere behind her back. She hoped that Alex was taking full note of her sexy bottom bouncing up and down on his cock because she could not keep this up for long. But she need not have worried because his hips came alive and pushed up vigorously in concert with her bounces, and triggered more orgasms inside her. She was elated when she heard his orgasm and sensed more sperm coating her insides.
Rachel was laughing behind her with pleasure.
They all three lay arm in arm on the bed recovering.
Rachel confessed, "My pussy is raw from last night. Sadly, I won't be ready again for vaginal intercourse until we're all too far apart. I suppose this is our swan song. I'll miss you both. Shall we keep in touch?"
Aurelia said, "Of course." Yet she knew that pastures new were opening up and promises made now might never be fulfilled.

~*~*~

The story moves on now to Aunt Penny's barely credible tale, before a finale that resolves all, but not without surprises.
If you were moved by this story, please leave a comment, which is the lifeblood of my writing.