Author's note: This series is devoted to my wife, for whom it was originally written. It is both a history of our sexual life as well as my means of sharing our fantasies, with alterations to names and times to protect our friends, but both the fantasy and reality are/were spectacular enough to warrant sharing with others.
**This is a stand-alone story.** As it stands, this is the eighth in the series, and while an immediate sequel to "Vegas Odyssey: The Club," this story is completely different in plot and style, so again, you do not need to read the prequel to enjoy this one. It is entirely fictional, the second half of a sexually-charged epic tale I composed for my wife. If you are looking for a quick, sex-filled anecdote, this is not for you; this story is rather long and built around the people and sexual tension leading to sex, not just the actions. Still, I think it's rather good and I sincerely hope you do as well. And the finale is worth it, trust me. Enjoy.
*****
After our spectacular night at Club Aurora, we slept most of the day ordering room service and watching movies while we snuggled. After such an incredible, epic night that had run the entire gamut of detached sexual depravity coupled with immensely poignant emotion, we were totally drained of energy but couldn't be happier. Vivid memories of the night flooded back, bringing a smile to my face even as everything between my kidneys and knees ached, burned, or throbbed. Getting up to answer the door or the call of nature was gloriously painful. When she walked by naked to answer the door, I could hardly stand the pain of my body responding to her brazenness. When she came back, I made her put some clothes on...not for exposing herself to whomever was at the door, but to give my fried nerves a break.
She was holding our clothes from the night before, plus a small bag with a bottle the magical lotion and other salves from the Aurora. Turning on bad TV, we rubbed each other down and put on comfy, baggy clothes. Thus we wasted away the afternoon.
In the early evening we managed to make it down to the hot tub, where we settled in and held hands in the bubbling water.
"Normally, about now I would try to take your top off, but I really don't want to suffer through another erection right now."
She giggled and slid over to me, putting her head on my shoulder. "I love you."
"I love you, too, B-cup. We should do that again sometime."
"Mmm, definitely."
"Is that lotion helping?"
"Very much; I feel pretty good, actually."
"So do I, but I don't think I want to push it yet. And I think we have much to talk about concerning you in patent leather..."
But not right now, dammit. Another couple splashed into the hot tub, laughing and talking loudly. I was initially annoyed, but their banter was amusing, not just loud talking. He was giving her a hard time about not getting in the pool because it was too cold. Grinning, he mocked her pathetic-ness, which is what I would've done to Tori. For her part, the girl laughed playfully and told him to shut up.
People don't find me too friendly at first blush but Tori is sweet and disarming, so as usual these two took one look at my neutral expression and chose to talk to my better half instead.
"Sorry, did we splash you? I just wanted to get in the hot water; that pool is FREEZING!" said the girl, smiling at my wife. I took a look at her. She was a little younger and very pretty. She had short blonde hair falling just past her chin, bright blue eyes, and I would say at least D-cups. Cute girl, which means...yep, he was a looker, too. Curly light brown hair, good physique, chin stubble, etc. Good: Tori would have something to enjoy while I looked at the girl.
Tori smiled back, "No, you're fine. Are you guys staying at the Wynn or the Encore?"
"We're at the Wynn, which one are you staying in?"
"We're in the Encore. Where are you guys from?"
The women buzzed back and forth while the guys checked them out. Introductions-they were from Texas, which brought from Tori conversation about Austin, our college, truck commercials, bad music, and so forth while I sat by feeling superior fornotbeing from that state. Inevitably the question came up, "Are you from Austin, too?"
I finally spoke up. "No, thank God, I'm from Colorado."
Now we talked briefly about how everything is better there (or at least that's what I talked about), but I preferred listening to the women chat, so I directed the conversation away from me back to inanity they would enjoy. They resumed talking about how nice Las Vegas was, how it was the other couple's first trip here, that they were engaged, which elicited much excitement from my wife. Conversation quickly flowed to wedding shit, which I had no interest in talking about, so I raised my eyebrows and made eye contact with Joshua.
"So what have you guys done so far here in Vegas?"
"Oh, the usual: went to a couple shows and did some gambling."
"Blackjack, poker, slots...?"
"Little of everything. I don't know enough about most of the other games to risk money on. What do you usually play?"
"I don't bother with poker here. I prefer craps."
His eyes lit up. "Really? It seems so complex, with all the action going on I really don't want to interrupt to have people explain it."
I nodded. "Yeah, I went to Rampart and walked up to an empty table. After an hour and only couple hundred down, I had a fair grasp of the odds and what bets to place. But the game is only fun with at least four other players. Unlike most other Vegas games, the crazier the players, the more fun it will be."
"I guess I'll give it a try tomorrow," he said. "Where did you go? The Rampart? Is that the castle casino across from MGM?"
"No, that's Excalibur. Rampart is off the Strip."
"We'll have to give it a shot."
I nodded, the side-conversation basically over. I turned my attention back to the womenfolk.
Tracy was looking interestedly at Tori. "You guys went over to the other side of the pool? What was it like?"
"That's the side we usually go to. It's nicer, because there are no kids, so the atmosphere is much more calm."
I realized they were talking about the European pool and while I was amused by Tracy's squirming, I decided to save her the trouble of formulating the question. "It's relaxed, everyone just acts normally. Swimming, sunbathing, sitting at the bar. Whatever. And it's not like everyone is walking around naked. Usually only a handful of women sunbathing take advantage of the 'European' aspect of the pool."
Tracy couldn't restrain herself. "Do you?" She asked my wife, eyes wide.
I glanced at Joshua. He, too, was staring at my wife. I had a pretty good idea what was going on in his mind.
Tori nodded matter-of-factly. "Of course. It's nice not having to worry about tan lines."
The pair continued to look at my wife, their brains moving a mile a minute. I suppressed a grin and shifted my weight, the movement drawing their attention from my sweetly smiling wife.
"Look, what are you guys doing tomorrow? Got any plans?" Both from the way he joked around with his fiancée and the fact that he would look me in the eye levelly, I knew he and I would get along well, and I knew Tori would have no problem spending more time with Tracy.
"Uh, no...I don't think so..." he looked to Tracy, who shook her head, returning his blatantly interested expression.
I turned to Tori. "Whaddya think? Want to meet up with these guys at the pool tomorrow, then show them around town? He doesn't know how to play craps, she's never seen the shops at the Venetian...?"
Tori nodded. "Yeah, we were talking about dance clubs, and I think we should take them to the Marquee club at Cosmopolitan."
"Oh, good call." I looked back at them, trying to maintain my neutral expression in the face of their visible excitement. "Would you guys be up for something like that?"
"Yes! Absolutely!" she said immediately.
Everyone chuckled at her enthusiasm, but Joshua was also nodding his head, so that was settled. I was actually looking forward to it, for even if this vacation was mostly for Tori and me to get caught up, I would say that we were already comfortable with 'us' again and hanging out with these two would be fun. Their excitement was contagious, like seeing Vegas through new eyes again, giving us the chance to show off our knowledge of the town. Plus, quite frankly, I was interested to see what Tracy looked like beneath her top.
We chatted for a while longer about the next day, coordinating a meet-up at the pool and all of the things they wanted to do. Eventually, however, the warm water and the previous night caught up with me and Tori, so we bid them goodnight. Tori winced as she stood and I helped her out of the tub. Tracy and Joshua watched as she walked stiffly over to the bench where our towels were sitting.
"Is she alright? She looks sore from something," asked Joshua.
"Yeah, we went to an all-night function last night and we're both a little worn out. We spent most of today sleeping in the room and eating room service. Coming down to sit in the tub was our only venture outside all day. Glad we did, though, it was great meeting you guys and tomorrow should be a lot of fun."
Tracy looked slightly perplexed. "What kind of 'all-night function' was it that made you both so sore?"
"Oh, we went to an orgy," I replied nonchalantly as I stepped out of the tub. Grabbing a towel, I smiled cheerfully at their shocked faces as I strolled after my wife. "Have a good night!"
---
We awoke feeling refreshed, almost in-tune with the local time zone, which was remarkable considering how much we had fucked with our internal clocks over the last week. Since we weren't meeting up with Joshua and Tracy for a few hours yet, we ate a light breakfast and went to the gym. I ran while Tori worked an elliptical machine, looking very fetching in a black sports bra and tiny cotton shorts. The physical exertion was perfect, flushing the remaining lethargy from our bodies just as the lingering soreness had disappeared during the night. After showering, I felt more relaxed than I had all week.
Rather than sit around in the room, we decided to go down to the pool early and get chairs for all of us in a good location. The pool was still virtually empty when we arrived, so we took a choice spot facing the sun's arc. I settled in, listening to a string quartet tribute to Tool as I took in Ronald Spector's evaluation of post-WWII Asia.
Though we couldn't hear them as they came through the gate, Tracy's energetic personality had the same effect on the pool's serene atmosphere as her splashy hot tub introduction had had the night before. I could see her mouth moving constantly as she spoke over her shoulder to Joshua, who spotted us first and pointed. Tracy saw us and gave a big, straight-armed wave. Joshua seemed a little miffed by her enthusiasm and I could read his lips, "Okay, calm down, they see us." She ignored him and started bopping her way over.
He shook his head, then gave me a "'Sup" chin thrust which I returned.
"Babe, they're here," I said to Tori, who was digging around in the towel bag.
My wife adores all things 'cute,' and Tracy definitely fell into that category. I knew Joshua wasn't really annoyed with her, just a little embarrassed by her public excitement. I could relate: I prefer the low profile, but when your fiancée looks like his did, personally I wouldn't really mind the attention she might attract with her attitude. Or with the little bikini strung around a fabulous body—I would guess she was a cheerleader or gymnast in school. Still, exhibitionism is sort of my thing, and I hadn't gotten a read on Joshua quite that well yet.
Tori stood to hug Tracy and their high-pitched chittering passed beyond the audible range into wordless buzzing, so I greeted Joshua instead. "Welcome to the mythical 'other side of the pool.'"
"Yeah, it's like the El Dorado of Boobs," he said sarcastically, looking around at the still mostly-empty area.
"If you consider this the Golden City, I know some strip clubs you should visit in Australia that might alter your scale."
He chuckled. "Good point. Maybe not El Dorado, more like Brigadoon."
"I'm impressed. Not many guys could link boobs with Rogers & Hammerstein as smoothly as you just did. Grab a chair and get settled. They start serving booze in thirty minutes."
The incessant buzzing rose and fell; I caught words like 'shopping,' 'spa,' and 'fingernails,' so I ratcheted up my selective hearing and returned to late-1940's Korea. I was rather surprised Spector had not mentioned Japan's nuclear program, which was based in Korea. The Soviets invaded the peninsula in 1945 pursuing that knowledge (among other things), directly leading to North and South Korea as separate nations. Maybe that was covered in another chapter.
Meanwhile, a subtle alteration to the buzzing clued me in to start listening to the girls. I was not disappointed.
"So how come no one is topless yet? Is there a certain time that's allowed?" Tracy's lowered voice had been the change I noted.
"Nope, it's allowed all the time," Tori replied.
Tracy looked unsure. "So...is there, like, a protocol or something?" she asked, looking around.
This time Tori didn't respond verbally, she just reached up and undid her top. Tracy's eyes shot open, then she guffawed. I made no effort to hide the fact that I was watching, but I sat quietly and discreetly still as Tracy reached up and untied the warp-around strings of her top, unwinding them around her torso and releasing her bare chest to the world. I had been mistaken: they were certainly DD's, and sat high on her chest with very little sag. The nipples were larger and pointy, but still very clearly defined and colored perfectly for her complexion.
I looked at Joshua on the other side of me. He was totally oblivious, lying prone with his eyes closed, rocking out to his iPod. I slapped him on the hip with my book, causing him to jerk up and give me a "What the fuck?!" look.
"Wake up, dipshit, you're missing the best part." I gestured with the book towards our topless women.
Both girls looked over at thewhapmy book made against Joshua's leg, but smiled as I looked back at them and Joshua sat upright, eyes wide. Tracy was looking at him with a big smile on her face and she shook her breasts at him a little, as if to point out they were out on display...like he didn't know already.
I also knew he was checking out my wife, who was looking at him. "Is that okay with you, Joshua?" she asked.
"Umm...yeah, sure. No, that's why we're here...it's cool." He stammered.
"Great," she smiled at him cutely before turning to me and putting a hand on my thigh. "I'm going to get a drink, would you like something, too?"
I grinned knowingly. "Sure, get me a mimosa."
"Ooh, that sounds good. You want to get one, too, Trace?"
"Sure! You want one, honey?"
"Uh, yeah, that'd be great."
The girls stood and put on their flip-flops, then strode off to the bar. Joshua's head locked onto them like a missile radar and I realized he probably hadn't noticed Tori's thong until now.
"Seriously, is this okay with you? Seeing your fiancée walking around at a hotel pool topless must be pretty shocking."
"No, it's totally cool. She wouldn't shut up about it last night after you guys left. I just wasn't sure she'd do it, since she's kind of a chicken about stuff like that."
I frowned at the back of his head. Tracy didn't seem like a chicken at all. Quite the opposite, in fact—he seemed like the conservative one. "Well, there she is, and you should be proud: she looks fantastic."
"Yeah, so does Tori..." This must've slipped out, because he tensed and quickly looked around at me, but I was nodding and still looking at the women. He relaxed and turned around.
We enjoyed the view for a while before he turned and spoke again. "So, uh, last night when you said you were sore from going to an orgy, were you serious?"
"Yep." I kept watching the girls, letting him fidget. He kept looking at me, questions almost visibly circling over his head. Eventually, I looked down at him like I had just noticed he was expecting me to continue.
"We're members of the club that held it. And technically, it wasn't just an orgy, although there was a room where that was going on and we certainly played a role there. More than that, however, it was a place to enjoy the full spectrum of pleasure to be found in one's own body..." I thought about it for a second, "As well as your partner's." I felt a little strange about describing it that way, but if I had to sum it up in one sentence, there it was.
He considered this for a moment. "How was it?"
I snorted. "How do you think it was?"
He was shaking his head, still deep in thought. "Man, I have no idea...something like that is totally outside my norm. Have you ever done that before?"
"This was our first time at the club."
"What about before that?"
I considered my history with Tori before answering. "Kind of, but not with strangers like that. We've participated in quasi-orgies and partner-swapping with friends from college, as well as one memorable afternoon with a physical trainer at our gym, but this was our first all-out event."
"That's crazy, man. I mean, I know a bunch of my friends sleep around on their girlfriends, and vice versa, but an orgy? Wow."
I shook my head. "I didn't say we were sleeping around. We've never cheated on each other. Those times with our friends were with each other. Open relationship, not sneaking around."
He chewed on that. "Damn. I mean, I've heard of that, too, I just didn't think people our age did that. Same thing with orgies. What happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas, right?"
I shrugged, pointedly sidestepping the cliché. "For the extreme stuff, maybe. But for the rest of the things you do here, it stays with you, but I mean that in a good way: this place encourages you to do things you normally wouldn't, which more often than not turns out to be something you've been missing in your life because you had no idea it was out there. Take your fiancée's glorious nudity over there: would you two have considered doing that for the first time at a European pool in, say, Miami?"
He shook his head.
"But would you now?"
He thought about it for a split-second before nodding in agreement.
"There you go. This place has just opened up a new facet of your relationship."
"Is Vegas the first place your wife went topless at a pool?"
"In daylight, yes. We've been to hot springs in Colorado where clothing is optional after dark. But for true public display, it was at this very pool two years ago. Now, whenever we come here, this is the only pool we visit. Tan lines are attractive in their own way, but it's even hotter when they're only on the bottom. The implication is pretty sexy." He was nodding absently, watching the women walk up, drinks in hand. "Just a suggestion: Tracy would look great in a thong."
He smiled broadly as the girls approached. "Oh, she does. I think we might have to pick one up before we leave."
"What are you two smiling about?" Tori asked, handing me my drink.
"Nothing, dollface." I held up my glass in a mini-toast. "To Vegas: what happens here...is awesome."
Joshua laughed. "Here, here." Everyone clinked and took a drink.
"So what were you two talking about?" Tracy asked.
"Oh, he was just telling me about all the sheep he fucked at his college," Joshua said.
"And Joshua was trying to explain why he paid for a high school education at his," I quipped.
"Okay, okay, stop it, you two," Tori cut in as Tracy laughed. "You guys have both graduated, you don't have to be rivals anymore."
"We're two horny guys vying for the attention of two sparsely-clad babes. This isn't about college rivalry; this is about being the Alpha male. Much deeper stuff."
Tori rolled her eyes.
"Well, I already know who I pick," Tracy said as she walked over and sat down on Joshua's stomach, leaning forward and kissing him.
"Aw, that is just precious! The young pup has an admirer."
"Damon, shut up," Tori said as she mimicked Tracy by sitting on my lap. I made eye contact with her, then nodded my head at the other two, who were getting a little hot on the kiss.
"She's pretty cute," I said under my breath.
"I know! And so is he. I caught him checking me out, too, as we were walking back." She was sitting on my cock and I flexed it into her. She jumped in surprise, then smiled down at me mischievously.
"Turned you on a little, didn't it?" I asked.
"You know it," she replied sotto voce, still smiling.
I winked at her, then turned to the other two. "Okay, that's going a little too far at the pool," I said in a stern voice.
Tracy immediately sat up looking terrified. "Oh God, really? Are we going to get kicked out?"
Tori hit me on the chest, and I growled and sat up, pressing my face between her breasts as she ineffectually tried to fight me off. I leaned up and kissed her, then looked back over at Tracy, who now looked slightly bewildered.
"No. Absolutely not." I said with a smile, looking between her and Joshua. "Please continue; we were enjoying that."
Tracy instantly turned three shades of pink, but leaned down and started kissing him again. I was certainly intrigued by the way her breasts pressed into his chest, but didn't want to come off as a complete lecher, so I asked Tori what they had talked about.
"We were discussing places to shop. She liked my thong and asked where I got it, so I think we'll need to find one for her."
"Funny, we had the same conversation here. He said much the same thing about your thong."
"Really?" she asked, turning to look at him.
I spoke up so they could hear over their snogging. "Oh, absolutely. He was saying the strangest, sexiest things about what he'd like to do to your ass, my dear, once he saw the thong. Really kinky, stream-of-consciousness-type stuff."
Tracy sat up with a smile on her face. "He said what?" She knew I was kidding this time, but she really did want to know.
He looked up at me in surprise, like I had sold him out, but he caught on when he saw the look on my face. "Oh, shut the fuck up, dude. I only said her thong looked good. Baby, I really think we should get you one, because you would look amazing."
Tracy gave him a dubious smirk. I held up my hand. "Yes, I'm kidding, in his defense, he did say that." I paused. "And I wholeheartedly agree."
Tracy ran her fingers over Joshua's chest, her boobs bouncing slightly as she swayed her hips back and forth on his stomach. "Yeah, Tori and I were talking about where we could get one, so we have some places to visit on this afternoon's shopping spree."
I took it as averygood sign that she had completely taken in-stride the fact that he had been looking at another girl's ass, even commented on it. I still couldn't tell if this was from naïveté or if she had actually processed the comment and dismissed it for what it was: a simple compliment that quickly transferred itself to her.
We spent a couple hours lounging around and going for a swim. At one point I was crouching with my back to the wall with Tori in front of me. I reached out and cupped her breasts underwater. She pressed herself back into me, grinding her cute little butt into my crotch. Tracy and Joshua were no more than three feet from us and didn't miss what my hands were doing. Joshua played it cool, but I caught Tracy staring a couple times. By then we were bantering like old friends, deciding to go change and head to Chipotle for lunch.
"Go ahead, babe, I'll follow in a moment," I said, as my wife smiled knowingly and kissed me. Tracy blushed again as Joshua looked away, finding something fascinating on the other side of the pool. I had dropped a couple not-so-subtle hints like this about our comfortable sexuality throughout the morning. At no point did either of them seem offended by it, which was another point in their favor. Apparently they had accepted that Tori and I were on a different level and weren't troubled by it. I liked these two more and more by the hour.
I said as much back up in the room.
"He's a great guy: good sense of humor, good taste in women..."
Tori was quietly folding the towels and hanging up our swimsuits to dry. Eventually I trailed off, noticing that she wasn't responding.
"What? Do you not like them?" She seemed to be getting along swimmingly with Tracy, so I was perplexed by her silence.
She walked up to me, putting her arms around my shoulders and sensually running her fingers through my hair. "Baby...I think we should seduce them."
I blinked. "I see. Interesting choice of words...do you have a plan?"
"Tracy is the key. Joshua will follow her lead."
I considered this. As I had noted earlier, he was definitely the more conservative of the two, but he did seem malleable. "Alright, so how do we go about this?"
"Just be your normal, flirtatious self around her. She already has a bit of a crush on you."
"Is that so?"
"Mm-hmm. Walking over to get drinks she wouldn't shut up about your tattoos and she's always looking at you when you talk."
"Isn't that normal for people to do?"
"Yes, but she looks at you the way Jasmine does when you get home from work and don't pay enough attention to her."
I thought of my pathetic German Shepherd groveling at my feet, hoping I'd pet her. "Pretty distinctive analogy. You sure about that?"
"Absolutely."
"So while I'm doing that, what will you be doing?"
"Wrapping Joshua further around my finger," she grinned confidently.
I chuckled. He was definitely on his way. "They won't know what hit them...what's the goal here?"
She shrugged and kissed me. "Just have some fun."
I kissed her. "I love you, conniving thing that you are."
She kissed me back. "I know."
---
Driving to CMG, Tori and I played tour guide, talking about all of the different casinos and some of the history of the place. She knew more about this than I did since her grandfather had lived there for several years and she could recall how much the Strip changed even in our lifetime. For my part, since neither of them had ever eaten at Chipotle (How...??), I could recount for them the history of my relationship with their product and how this lunch was about to change their lives.
We settled in at the table and feasted. They quickly agreed that it was a superior burrito and promised to eat here more often. Soon, however, the conversation diverged as Tori gathered up Joshua's attention, asking all about him and dropping none-too-subtle flattery about his accomplishments. On the other hand, I poured on the charm and spent the next half hour teasing Tracy and lightly making fun of her, mixing it up with sincere compliments and generally keeping her off-balance as I flirted and directed the conversation. I've always been rather bemused that girls find me very attractive when I'm being kind of a dick, saying astonishing things about them which I have no proof of but can pull from a wild roundabout logic that they can't argue against. If they try, I make fun of them for that, too.
She dug it 100%, just as I expected she would. She was laughing constantly, even at the barely-funny stuff, so Tori was right: this girl was into me and wasn't being quite discreet about it, either. Every time he looked over at us, though, Joshua would smile, and there were a couple times when she was either laughing or sitting with a shocked look on her face that he asked to hear what I'd said, and after I explained my set-up and punchline, he would add a comment supporting my side of the story, leaving her now shocked at him as he joined in the laughter. Otherwise, Tori had him tuned in perfectly: her forward-leaning posture, directive positioning, and steady contact with slightly widened eyes were textbook examples of body language conveying feminine attraction. While I doubt he noticed it, he was certainly responding to it. Conversely, women never miss these things, but while I was certain Tracy noticed it, she didn't seem at all threatened by Tori's behavior.
Next was swimsuit shopping at the Venetian. We tried a number of stores, and she tried on several different suits before selecting a cranberry-colored thong bikini from Burberry that gave her tremendous cleavage and went perfectly with her tan skin and blonde hair. I was actually rather sorry she picked one, though: each one she tried on was the perfect excuse to stare at her voluptuous body. My wife smacked me and told me to stop drooling.
"What?! She looks fantastic! She's trusting me to give an honest, informed decision and I'm just sitting here trying to get informed."
"Yes, well, your 'information' is starting to show."
"That's her fault, not mine." I winked at Tracy, who smiled back, biting her bottom lip as she struck a pose.
"Put those away, woman, you're getting him in trouble," Joshua told her. He had adopted that pet name from me earlier in the afternoon.
"But they are put away, darling, at least compared to this morning," she said innocently while cupping her breasts.
While she was in the changing room, Tori walked up with a swanky blouse, handing it over the door. "Here, try this on real quick, Trace, I think you'd look great in it."
"Whoa, what the hell? I thought we were just getting her a swimsuit," I said.
"Joshua told me at lunch that they didn't really have anything to go dancing in tonight, so I promised to help them pick out some clothes for the evening."
I looked up at him meaningfully. "Good God, man, do you know what you've done?"
By now he was catching on when I was being hyperbolic. He grinned back at me. "No, what?"
"You've released the Kracken of shopping."
-whack- "Shut up, Damon, you love going clothes shopping with me."
"I love goinglingerieshopping with you," I corrected my wife.
"We'll get to that. Now stop setting a bad example," she replied.
I shared a look with Joshua. "Okay," I said meekly.
Tracy stepped out of the dressing room and Tori had been right: the silky teal blouse had a plunging neckline and a tapered waist, accenting all the best parts of her figure. She knew she looked good, grinning smugly at us guys while she posed.
"I think this will do," she laughed, gauging the way we were undressing her with our eyes.
"Now we need to find you a white miniskirt," Tori said. "I think I know where to get one."
"Oh! That would be perfect! Gimme a sec, I'll be right out."
She changed and met us at the register, where Joshua didn't even flinch when the total came up. Walking out of there, I pulled ahead with my arm around Tori.
"What did he say he does now?" I asked, curious about a recent college grad dropping that much on clothes without breaking a sweat.
"He inherited a construction company from his father, who retired when he graduated. He's already paid off his school loans and actually paid for most of their upcoming wedding."
I looked back at him with new respect. Up to now I had assumed this trip was some kind of pre-wedding gift from one or both of their parents. I certainly wouldn't have held it against him, but it was impressive that they were here on his dime.
For the skirt we went to French Connection, picking out a form-fitting white satin skirt for Tracy, while Tori found a black miniskirt with ruffles for herself.
"Do you need something to go with that?" I asked, expecting the worst.
"Nope! I have something already," she surprised me. "You'll see."
Outfitting Joshua came next. The girls took him straight to Express, where they fussed over him while I hid in the corner reading Spector. Forty-five minutes later, he looked relieved to be free again.
"Glad to see you survived. What's next, ladies?"
I damn well knew what was next, but would be bitterly disappointed by their answer.
"We have to go find appropriate undergarments, but YOU," Tracy pointed to me and Joshua, "are not allowed to come. Go get some ice cream or something."
I stood shocked for a moment before rallying. "Bullshit, blondie, you can't tell me what to do. Wife! Where are we going next—"
"Ican, and you aren't coming with us," my wife intervened.
Joshua pulled a face. "Seriously? You're going to send two grown men to get ice cream while you try on lingerie together?"
United, the girls just looked back at us like we were intruding.
"But I really wanted to see you two trying out some more thongs," I whined, not quite jokingly.
"Maybe later," my wife said slyly.
"Well, he and I are going to hold you to that, woman, so be ready for it."
She looked over at Joshua and raised an eyebrow before taking Tracy by the arm. "I'll call you," she said over her shoulder.
We watched them leave, not even bothering to hide the fact that we were staring at their asses when they looked back at us, giggling.
"Well, that kinda sucks," he said.
I pondered Tori's parting words. The way things were going, 'showing us later' sounded prophetic.
"Yeah, but I think the wait will be worth it," I said slowly. He looked over at me, considering my comment as I watched the women stroll around the corner.
"Fuck it, let's get a drink. I have a lot to teach you about craps."
It is not a simple game and it is especially hard to describe without standing at a table, but I got the gist of the rules, odds, and betting across to him. He asked me about the terms he'd overheard like "yo," "hard 10," and so on, and I described the methods of throwing the dice. I was rather surprised how long it took the girls, but I could only surmise that was a good sign.
Finally my cell phone rang. "Hey babe, we're done; meet us by Wolfgang Puck's. And hurry, we need to get moving; we got tickets for the Cirque du Soleil."
I frowned. "Why the hell did you do that?"
I have nothing against French Canadians—in fact, Lanny Barbie is easily my favorite full-figured pornstar—but their circuses suck ass, at least the ones I had seen so far.
"It's the Zumanity one, darling—it's all about sex."
My eyes shot open. "Oh...I see..."
"But we have to go back to the hotel, get dressed, and go to dinner beforehand, so we have to move!"
"Right, we're on our way."
---
Tori spent three hours getting ready for the evening, which was normal, but wouldn't let me watch, which was not. When she emerged, she looked very cute, but not really dressed for clubbing. Yes, she wore the new miniskirt, and her hair and makeup were dynamite, but she was wearing a black long-sleeved v-neck that looked like it wrapped around her front. It was very tight and showed off her thin waist and athletic figure wonderfully, but it looked very conservative. Even with the v-neck there wasn't much cleavage.
"That's what you had in mind for tonight?" I asked suspiciously.
"You'll just have to wait and see," she answered primly.
I tried looking for any sign of what she had on underneath, but the material was thick enough to hide any folds or straps.
"Stop trying to look." She snapped her fingers toward the bedroom, "I put out your light-pink button-up and Lucky jeans on the bed, go get dressed. Hurry!"
Joshua and Tracy were waiting for us in the lobby, looking every bit the sexy young couple. We waved them over and I took in Tracy's deep cleavage and the way her skirt clung to her hips as she walked over.
"You look very pretty," I told her, then looked at Joshua. "So do you."
"Coming from a guy wearing pink, I guess I'll take that as a compliment."
"We're not at the pool anymore, boys," Tori said with exaggerated annoyance. "You can stop with the posturing."
"No, we can't. You two are still hot, and I would appreciate it if we could just cut to the chase and you two would agree to ignore him for the rest of the night," I said, smiling winningly at Tracy and holding out my arms to both ladies.
"Not hardly," Joshua cut in, smacking his fiancée on the behind and taking her arm. "So where are we going for dinner?"
"You're not afraid of heights, are you?"
They were not, but rather delighted to find out about the restaurant at the top of the Stratosphere.
We were seated at a four-top, alternating guy-girl so that I had a beautiful lady on either side. We quickly ordered from the menu, stressing to our waiter that we were on a timeline.
Conversation was much more group-oriented this time, though I still paid particular attention to Stacy while Tori occasionally pulled Joshua into side conversations. I noticed on more than one occasion she laid her hand on his, where it lingered while she made a point before slowly sliding back to her lap.
We hastily tucked in when the food arrived.
"So, Tracy, where will the honeymoon be?" I asked between bites.
"We still haven't decided between Hawaii or Vancouver."
"Hmm, that's tough; it would depend on the time of year. Overall, however, I would imagine you'd spend more time outdoors in Hawaii and a lot more time indoors in Vancouver," I said with a wry grin.
She giggled. "That's kind of what we were thinking."
"My advice? Regardless of where you go, keep a journal. A very detailed journal, not just of the places you go, but the things you...do...as well. We did that and it makes for very exciting reading to see how much we crammed into those two weeks."
"What all did you do?"
"Gosh, let's see: plenty of blowjobs and cunnilingus, anal a few times, the occasional facial..."
She pushed my shoulder, laughing. "That's not what I meant! Where did you go, what did you do there, that kind of stuff."
"What are you guys talking about?" Tori asked curiously, having overheard my comments.
"I told Stacy about our honeymoon sex journal and she wanted a brief overview."
Stacy looked aghast. "I did not!"
"You should have seen the way her face lit up when I brought it up. I was just mentioning it in passing, but she latched onto it like a shark on a fat kid," I said to Joshua, who was regarding his fiancee 's discomfort with a certain amount of amusement.
"Well, did you tell him about our sex journal?" he asked her.
"JOSHUA!" she said, turning a lovely shade of pink and hitting his arm.
I cracked my knuckles, leaning forward and placing my elbows on the table. "Do tell." Tori, too, was looking intently at Joshua.
"Over Spring Break at Cozumel last year we kept a journal of our, um, escapades. Neither of us writes very well, but it's pretty fun to read, especially when we watch the videos, too..." he was smiling at his fiancée, who was still blushing prettily but now smiling back at him. This was an intriguing development.
Apparently Tori thought so, too, because she chose this moment to take off her v-neck. In one swift motion she inverted it up over her head, then pulled her arms out of the sleeves. I looked over briefly at the motion, then almost snapped my neck in a double-take. My jaw hit the floor as I recognized the navy blue and black corset she had worn the night I had taken her anal virginity. I was instantly rock hard. She looked as amazing in it now as she had back in college: lifting her breasts, hugging her sides, and completely changing her demeanor.
"Oh my God, you look so HOT!" Tracy said breathily. I glanced at her. She was openly ogling Tori. Joshua looked like he might have an aneurism.
My sexy wife, playing off like she hadn't known what our reactions would be, smiled and thanked Tracy for the compliment. Then, looking back and forth between me and Joshua, she reached up and closed our mouths by lifting the chin. "Down, boys, we still have a lot to do tonight." Still, she leaned over and gave me a kiss on the lips. I saw out of the corner of my eye that her hand was still under Joshua's jaw, lightly stroking his chin stubble.
The waiter magically appeared over her shoulder, asking if there was anything else he could get us. He had eyes for no one but Tori, so she thanked him and asked for the check. He seemed disappointed, but nodded and said he'd be right back. We quickly finished eating, paid, and left via the super-elevator.
As I said before, I am not a big fan of the Cirque du Soleil. However, I had heard good things about the Zumanity show, if you were able to leave all inhibitions at the door. Since I had very few left to begin with, I figured this would be fun for me and Tori, and as I thought about it in that light, I realized my brilliant wife had perfectly set the stage for the next phase of our seduction: leave your inhibitions at the door, Tracy and Joshua, for the night is only beginning.
I could have done without the narrative that accompanied the acts, but overall it was spectacular. Every combination of visual stimulation was acted out, with everything from imaginative and teasing costumes to full glorious nudity. Wet and dry, single and group, wild and orgasmic, slow and sensual—the range and scale of the performances shocked the mind and revved the libido. Even after attending a full-on orgy and watching my wife's gangbang not three days prior, my mind was still expanded by the creativity of the performance. And if I was having that reaction, I could only imagine the effect it was having on the other two.
I could tell Tori was getting ramped up as well. She was holding my hand firmly, eyes fixed on the acrobats and their feats of strength and flexibility. I brought her hand to my mouth, kissing it and sucking on the fingers. She jumped a little, then looked at me with wide, dilated eyes.
"Kiss me," she whispered, and I did. It was fiery and sexual, a portent of things to come, and I brought her hand down to my cock so she could feel how hard it was. She squeezed it, then broke off the kiss to continue watching. I noticed Tracy on the other side of her looking at us, her breath coming slowly and deeply. I looked into her eyes and slowly smiled before returning my attention to the show.
Naturally, since it was by far the best Cirque I had been to, it was the shortest. All too soon the lights came up and the weird, New Ageau revoirmusic began playing. I still had a raging hard-on from the kiss, so I decided to stall a bit before getting up to leave.
"So, what did you think?"
"That was hot," Tracy said, looking back and forth between me and my wife.
I grinned. "I meant the show."
"Oh!" she blinked and shook her head. "Yes, that was incredible."
"What were you talking about?" Joshua asked her.
"She caught us making out during the performance," Tori said.
He looked at Tori for a moment, picturing in his mind's eye what that must have looked like. He looked down at his fiancée. "That's not fair! I didn't get a kiss."
Tracy immediately leaned forward and drove her tongue into his mouth. He responded in kind as people walking up the aisle pointed and smiled. Tori and I ignored them, watching our prey perform their first physical act together for the evening. If things continued as well as they had been, it would not be the last.
It was a very good kiss, doing nothing to help with the tent in my pants. As they finally wound down, I said as much. "Well, I struck up this conversation to give myself time to calm down, but that pretty much ruined any chance of that. You guys ready to go?"
They laughed and we all followed the last of the audience out of the theater.
"Well, that didn't take as long as I thought it would. The Marquee doesn't open for another hour," Tori said.
"Let's head over to the Cosmo anyways, we'll see if any of the craps tables are up and running," I suggested. Everyone agreed and we headed for the parking garage.
"We will not be taking the most direct route there," I told my wife under my breath as I held the door open for her. She gave me an odd look, to which I said, "You'll see."
As we pulled out onto the boulevard, it happened: "Sex!" -thump-
"What the hell?" Joshua asked from the backseat.
"There," I pointed at a Jeep driving past. "One headlight."
He looked at it, then me, still baffled. "I don't get it."
"Would you like to take this one, dear?" I said over to Tori, who was removing her shoes (after all these years, still a crap move, in my opinion) while her eyes scanned left and right down the road.
"It's a game we've played since college. If one of the guys sees a car with one headlight, does what Damon just did, saying 'sex' and hitting the ceiling with his hand, the girls have to remove an article of clothing."
"The game lasts for the rest of the night, but you can put clothes back on if you have to get out somewhere," I furnished.
"Sounds like fun," Joshua said.
"It is, especially for us, since Tori is terrible at this game."
"Then it's a good thing I'm here!" Tracy said indignantly.
I looked at her in the rear view. "You're already down one piece of clothing, Toots, so catch up."
After a moment, "There—I took off a shoe."
I shook my head. "Anything in pairs counts as one article...shoes, socks, etc. Oh, and accessories and jewelry don't count."
"So picky..." she said, but I could hear her complying. "OH! SEX!" she shouted, pointing across the street.
I saw it before Tori did, following through with the wordandhitting the ceiling, the critical action Tracy forgot.
"HA! That's two, B-cup," I said triumphantly.
"What? I saw it first! How come we have to take off a piece of clothing?" Tracy asked from the backseat, clearly confused.
"There are only two rules and youstillscrewed it up! If you can't keep that straight, you shouldn't have decided to play...is she taking anything off, Joshua?"
"Nope."
"Tickle her."
Immediately, high-pitched squealing and shrieking poured out of the backseat. "Dammit! Stop, STOP! OKAY, I'LL TAKE SOMETHING OFF!"
In sorting out the issue, both of them had missed Tori's subtle motions. Looking over the seat at Tracy, who was extricating herself from her blouse, my wife smiled. "Don't worry, Trace, we'll get 'em." With that, she reached up and hung her thong on the rearview mirror. It was black, lacy, and very dainty. It waved back and forth with the car's motion like a hypnotist's watch. The sexual tension in the car ratcheted up by an order of magnitude.
My wife knew what she was doing. Totally distracted, I missed an easy one. Tori victoriously called it down, taking the moment to gloat.
"Oh-ho, let's go, big guy, take it off...how did you miss that? He was on the other side of the lane forever; you must be losing your touch."
"Blow me."
She smiled back at me. "Not yet, darling, we aren't down by that much."
She said this clearly, reaching over and patting my leg. I took a glimpse in the mirror, catching Joshua looking at my wife attentively. I also noticed Tracy's bright red bra, which served as yet another distraction as I reached up and adjusted the mirror down slightly.
"Sex!" She called out, frantically hitting the ceiling. Watching her tits shake was totally worth losing another piece of clothing.
I didn't bother with the socks. "Take the wheel," I said over to Tori, and once she reached over I unbuttoned my shirt and threw it in her lap, then resumed driving. By now we were approaching the southern end of the Strip. Despite my efforts to stall by going the long way around to the entrance, no one saw any more cyclopean vehicles. Tracy quickly pulled her top back on as we drove up the ramp, but I pulled up to valet parking still missing my shirt. I looked over at my wife, nodding my head towards her dangling panties. She smiled sexily and shook her head. God, I love her.
Placing the car in park, I stepped out and started putting on my shirt. The startled valet, who had been trying to swing around into the car seat, took a step back.
"You can smell 'em, but they'd better still be there when we get back," I told him sternly. He looked at me weirdly as I stepped around him, buttoning up the shirt.
Tracy caught up with me as I reached the other two. "Why did you tell him that? What were you referring to?"
I winked down at her. "Tori's ornament on the mirror."
She snapped her head back to the car. The thong was still rocking slightly, visible through the tinted glass.
"Oh my gosh!" she laughed, turning to my wife. "You are so crazy!"
Tori smiled back at her. "Sometimes I am...around the right company." She looked up at Joshua, holding his gaze a moment before taking Tracy's arm. "C'mon, let's go have some fun!"
---
I selected a table and we rolled up to the end slot left of the stickman. The handlers were swapping out chips, so I threw down my cash and arranged the stack that took its place.
"Alright: pay attention, this is only going to be a review. This is the COME line, I want him to roll a 7 or 11 right now." I placed my bet and closely observed the man beside me shaking the dice in his hand.
He wound up and tossed them down the table, rolling a 3-3.
"How many points have you thrown?" I asked him.
"Huh?"
Thought so. "How many times have you rolled a win?"
"Oh, this is my second one."
I turned the other way and said quietly to the others, "Alright, I'm doubling my bet, but no more; this guy has no idea what he's doing, shaking the dice and throwing them like he's in a gangster movie. Watch."
Sure enough, he rolled 1-2, 5-3, and finally 5-2, crapping everyone out.
"How did you know that would happen?" Tracy asked.
"He's not controlling the die. You don't just toss them out there; you place them."
She frowned. "Isn't it all just luck?"
I grunted, focusing on the game. "It's a balance between odds and skill. If you don't have skill, you get crushed by the odds; however, it is possible to tip the scale in your favor."
She looked skeptical.
I winked at her. "Just watch."
Placing my bet, I selected my dice and arranged them precisely. Taking them in hand, I scanned the table for the placement of chips on the far side. Picking my spot, I let my arm swing from the elbow like a pendulum, releasing the dice at the top of the arc. They sailed with a uniform backspin, landing where I aimed, bounced once off the wall and came to a stop on 3-4.
People around the table pumped their fists as the handlers laid out the winnings.
"Wait, you just rolled a 7...I thought that was bad," Tracy asked.
"7 is bad when the point's on. Joshua, explain it to her." He took over while I rearranged the dice. Having established my pedigree to the table, it was now time to start winning some money. I carefully lined up my shot, tossing 2-2.
"Hard 4, 4 is the point," said the stickman. I tripled my Come bet, then added to the Hard 4. Several others around the table did the same, on the hopes that I knew what I was doing. Tonight I was going to win—I could feel it. Of course I had lied when I said there wasn't luck involved. There is a shit-ton of luck required to win at dice. Accordingly, there are superstitions around the flow of the game, behavior at the table, and the lay of the dice out of play. I had chosen my dice because they had both been "2" up; 22 was my jersey number in baseball, and 2 balls, 2 strikes had been the batter's count when I hit my one and only grand slam. I believed in that number, just like I did now, lining up my throw in the exact same manner as the last one, producing the exact same result.
The table cheered as I turned back to Tracy, a cocky grin on my face. "Skill. Not luck." She looked at me with those big blue eyes, mouth slightly open. Was it too soon to kiss her? Probably. But I doubt she would have stopped me if I had.
I was pushing Lady Luck by counting her out, but I knew she would be with me tonight; not because of my desire to win, but rather because this episode would be pivotal toward Tori's schemes for the evening. Fearlessly I turned back to the table and went on a tear. I knew what I was going to roll and the dice flew off my hands and landed exactly how I wanted them to every time. Soon our table was surrounded by people watching the action, getting caught up in the excitement and cheering me on. My stack of chips grew, as did everyone else's, and I made sure to keep giving a percentage to the employees, keeping them on my side as well.
I treated Tracy like my good-luck charm, pulling her up to the table with my arm and having her blow on the dice. My arm stayed around her shoulders, my hand occasionally 'accidentally' brushing across the top of her breasts. Tori and Joshua stayed close, and I could hear the two of them talking behind me excitedly, laughing often. When I turned to make a comment, I noticed her arm around his, and her body was pressed to his side. He was trying to be cool, but I could tell he was enjoying her closeness. She and I shared a look. She licked her lips at me, her feline eyes wide and dilated, hinting at her similar arousal. I laughed to myself and returned to the game.
I had a monster streak, winning over 50 points. It was by far the greatest streak I've ever had, but I played it off like it was to be expected. My game was perfect, even to the point of knowing when the streak was coming to an end. It had more to do with time than anything; the club had opened and Lady Luck's benevolence should never be abused. I pulled back all of my money, looking at my fellow players and sharing with them that I had other things I needed to attend to, pulling Tracy in close to me, drawing whistles and knowing grins from the crowd as she blushed. All of the money was pulled off the numbers, which by then was a sizable amount for everybody. I made one bet, putting $50 on the DON'T COME line for the dealers. Sure enough, on the next point I crapped out. Even in that the crowd cheered, amazed by my foresight and the gentlemanly way I had made sure everyone got out clean, even tipping the table one last time. I 'colored up,' having sextupled my money. That seemed fitting, too.
I put my arm around Tracy again, leading her to the club as I shook hands in farewell with my new best friends from around the table. My wife, still on Joshua's arm, followed behind as we headed to the club.
"I had no idea gambling was so exciting!" Tracy said, the flush high on her cheeks.
"Craps is the best game in Vegas, but like everything, you have to know what you could lose going in. Once you accept that, however, you can do anything," I said.
I knew I wouldn't have another run like that again for a very, very long time and I would be sure to explain that to Joshua later, but for tonight the timing couldn't have been better: after the visual stimulation of the show and the tension in the car ride, the mental excitement of a monster run throwing dice kept the blood flowing. Furthermore, chicks dig winners, especially the cocky ones, and Tracy was basking in my arrogance. I sneaked a glance at Tori, who smiled and twitched her nose at me, her version of a wink.
We rolled up to the nightclub and were among the first to enter. The music wasn't cranked up yet, so we got drinks and settled into the plush chairs along the wall. We talked about everything we had seen so far tonight: the view from the Stratosphere, our favorite acts of the show, the incredible moments at the table. The drinks kept coming as the club slowly filled with beautiful people. The DJ kept cranking up the music as more and more dancers made their way to the floor until it became too difficult to hold a conversation. At that point I offered my hand to my wife and we moved out onto the dance floor, followed closely by the other two.
Unlike Club Aurora, this place was playing bump n' grind shit, but that was more of what we were looking for tonight. At least the DJ had skill—the beat was good and the songs were all hits. We danced together as original couples, enjoying our significant others in such close proximity. I was ever mindful of the fact that Tori was wearing precisely four articles of clothing, two of which were her shoes. Her darkly lined eyes looked particularly Asian in the weird light of the club, making her a devastatingly effective seductress as she danced with me but often rubbing against Joshua as she moved. Her corset drew a lot of attention from those around us, particularly the guys. My hands slid over her body as she slid hers up and down mine.
We also watched the other two. They were both good dancers, her in particular. She moved around his taller frame, moving continuously in fluid motion to the rhythm. Unlike most white guys, he actually danced back, directing her movements every so often and displaying a sense of musical understanding in the beats he followed.
I leaned in close to my wife. "Are you ready to move it to the next level?" She kissed my cheek and nodded.
I smiled and spun her around, then pushed her into Joshua's back. "Take care of her while I get a drink," I yelled over the music.
I wasn't thirsty, but got one anyways, then settled into an open seat facing the dance floor. Joshua was still sandwiched between the women, the world's luckiest sonofabitch. Now all he really had to do was sway to the beat while the two beauties rubbed all over him. Just like I had played off my streak at the table, so, too, was he acting like this was something that happened all the time for him. Tori's hands were on his back, lightly running up his shoulders and down his arms. Tracy had her back to him, shimmying and grinding her ass into his crotch. I could see her energetic dancing was taking its toll, though, and as she stood up wiping a strand of hair from her face, I caught her attention and motioned to the seat next to mine. She smiled and nodded, turning to say something to Joshua, who nodded and turned around to dance with my sexy wife.
Tracy walked off the dance floor toward me, but someone plopped down in the chair before she could. I quickly capitalized on the moment, motioning for her to come sit on my lap. She gave me a saucy grin, spinning around and sinking down on top of me.
"Could I have a sip?"
"Drink all you want. You are a sexy little dancer, you know that?"
"Why, thank you! You're not so bad yourself."
"Thanks. After you finish that drink, I'll take you out there and show you some of my moves."
"Promise?" she said over her shoulder, looking at me. Her butt was on my crotch and she was leaning back onto my chest. Her face was two inches from mine, if that.
"I do."
She smiled and settled back into me, sipping her drink. Out on the dance floor, Tori and Joshua were moving together in perfect harmony. Her hands were on his chest as his ran through her hair; both were leaning back slightly, but their hips were pressed together, swaying in unison. They were looking at each other, breathing heavily.
I could see that Tracy was completely engrossed in the action, so I gently reached up and swiped my finger down the sweating glass, placing the drop of cold water on her chest. It quickly slid down her cleavage.
"This will help cool you off," I said as she tensed at the sudden cold. Her eyes briefly looked down to my finger, then she moved her hand slightly, making it easier for me to reach the glass. I continued taking drops of water and lightly dripping them on her chest and shoulders, letting my finger linger and wander as we watched our partners on the dance floor.
Tori had spun around with her back to him and together had turned, facing us. She was leaning forward slightly and arching her back, presenting herself to him as his hands slid over her arms, sides, and down her legs. Her head was turned back toward him, but her eyes were closed. She was breathing heavily and I could see the flush of red and glint of sweat on her chest. Eventually her eyes opened, looking at us. She saw my fingers across Tracy's chest as the pretty blonde stared back at her.
I started whispering to Tracy, whose breathing had become erratic. "I think my sexy wife wants to kiss your fiancé. See how turned on she is? That's from your Joshua. He has my wife so turned on right now that she wants to kiss him, right here in front of you. But she doesn't want to do that if it's not okay; she wants to, but she knows he won't kiss her back if it's not okay with you."
I moved my lips next to her ear. "Truth be told, I want to kissyouright now. You have been driving me crazy all afternoon and I know you can feel how hard I am beneath you. But I'm not going to kiss you unless my wife kisses Joshua first...so it is all up to you: will I kiss you, or not? Just a shake of the head, a look of displeasure, and nothing will happen. But if you don't object..."
My finger was delicately sliding along her collarbone as my cock pressed into her from below. Very, very delicately I brushed my lips on the back of her neck. She shuddered.
Meanwhile, Tori had spun around again and moved back into a profile position, her hands up by Joshua's face as she watched us on the chair. Her hazel eyes were locked on Tracy's, her open mouth only inches from Joshua's. He was oblivious to the moment, but I could understand why: Tori was dominating him with her sexuality and he was following her every motion and gesture like a male shadow to her feminine form.
Tracy's breathing resumed, coming in deep gasps as her internal debate raged. Hours of groundwork—playing at the pool, innuendos dropped throughout the day, the sex show, the dominating performance at the craps table—led to this moment, when I gently kissed the side of her neck. She exhaled deeply and nodded to Tori. My wife kept looking at Tracy as she took Joshua's chin and turned it towards his fiancée. The young couple locked eyes for a moment, then my wife moved forward, closing the distance with Joshua.
As their lips met, I flexed my cock into Tracy's butt cheek and wrapped my arms around her. She groaned a little, still watching my wife kissing Joshua. I leaned in and kissed her cheek. She responded immediately, spinning around and kissing me fervently. Our tongues twisted and turned, hours of tension finding release. The hardest part was over: the door had been opened, and though I wanted to keep pushing it further, it wouldn't happen from a simple kiss.
After a few minutes I leaned back, smiling. "C'mon, I want to dance with you."
She smiled back, licking her lips. Taking my hand, she pulled me onto the dance floor next to Tori and Joshua. They, too, had ended their kiss, but were still grinding against one another, ignoring the rest of the world.
We picked up a rhythm and soon she was gyrating around me, pressing herself into me and sliding the wonderful material of her blouse (and the fabulous mounds underneath) across my torso. She faced away from me, bending over and placing her white mini-skirted ass in my crotch, which I quickly slapped. She slowly stood back up into me, looking over her shoulder and returning a little kiss. She broke away, twirling around me on her own.
I reached over and cupped Tori's ass. She danced around and kissed me deeply. Her hands were behind her on Joshua, so I cupped her defenseless, corseted breasts for a moment before stepping back, smiling at her as I told her to turn back around. Catching Joshua's eye, I pointed down at her and tossed my hand at them, "Take her." He spun her around, groping her butt as he leaned down to kiss her again.
I retaliated by kissing his fiancée. My hands roved her body, squeezing, sliding, palming every surface within reach. She ground her body into mine, her hands doing the same thing to me. I was getting fucking HORNY and I knew from the way she had kissed me just now that my wife was, too. I was reasonably sure my wife and I had laid enough base for further expansion somewhere more private. After a few more thumping songs spent grinding, laughing, and hovering between first and second base, it was time to progress.
Tori led the way, pulling Joshua by the hand off the dance floor. I patted Tracy on the behind and motioned for her to follow. In the dark club setting, I kept my eyes on her strikingly white derriere as I, too, fell in step.
My wife led us out onto the balcony overlooking the gambling tables where we could talk away from the music. She pushed Joshua into a chair, then mounted him sidesaddle, putting one arm over his shoulders and idly fingering the buttons of his shirt. His arm automatically wrapped around her waist as his fingers traced the waistline of her ruffled miniskirt. Stepping around them, I leaned back against the railing, turning Tracy around and pulling her so she was leaning into me. Her hands rubbed my legs and hips while I played with her hair.
"Tracy, Joshua, by now you know my husband and I have an open relationship. We don't cheat on each other, but I like watching him with other women and I like it when he watches me with other men. Both of us enjoy being a voyeur and an exhibitionist for each other."
"What's a voyeur?" Tracy asked.
"Someone who enjoys watching...like what you and I were doing on the chair," I said, and she blushed.
"We have enjoyed spending the day with you," Tori continued, "You are both very nice people and a lot of fun to hang out with." She grinned conspiratorially, leaning closer to Joshua's ear and lowering her voice. "But we have a confession to make."
"This morning Tori and I decided to seduce you. We didn't want to press anything that might be unwanted, but at every turn you two seemed perfectly comfortable with the situation, encouraging our efforts. Now, up to about twenty minutes ago, it was incredibly forward of us to assume such things, but I have believed from the beginning that Tori was right about you two."
Joshua looked up at her. "This was your idea?"
"I thought you were very cute and I knew my husband was attracted to Tracy, so it was a matter of deciding if you two might be interested. I caught you looking at me more than once, mister; you're not as subtle as you think you are."
He shrugged and grinned. "Maybe I wasn't trying to be subtle."
Tori looked up at Tracy. "The point wasn't thatInoticed or not, it's that Tracy did notice, but wasn't bothered by it. That spoke volumes about your relationship."
"How so?" Tracy asked.
I shook my head. "That's for you two to work out between yourselves. It's an aspect of your interaction that cannot be explained by someone from the outside. Regardless, Tori keyed in on that, came up with a gameplan, and here we are. Everything leading up to the moment of impact was within your control but not a conscious decision. The last step, just now in there," I pointed back to the dance floor, "Was yours to take, and obviously we all know what happened there. But the real question is, what happens next? Are we just going to stay friends, dancing through the night and going our separate ways when we return to the hotel..."
"Or do you join us instead?" My wife finished. She let the question hang for a moment before going on. "Damon and I are going back inside to dance. You two are welcome to join us now if you already know the answer one way or the other, but if not, take as much time as you need out here to find out where you stand. This might just be a one-time offer, depending on what you choose, with no repercussions either way."
I gently pushed Tracy upright, stepping out behind her and offering my hand to Tori. She extricated herself from Joshua, joining me and taking my hand in hers as Tracy took her place in Joshua's lap.
"No matter what you decide, we want you to know that this has been a wonderful day." With that, Tori turned back to the club and I followed her sexy ass back inside.
We got onto the dance floor and assaulted each other. Whether or not the other two joined us, there was some incredible fucking in our near future. While I had been working to impress Tracy all evening, my cocksure attitude at the craps table and the sexual nuances throughout the day had been turning my wife on the whole time; likewise, her shockingly sexy outfit and flirty behavior with Joshua all night had kept me in various stages of arousal for hours, and she was gonnaget itlater! For the time being, however, I was forced to be content with open groping and tongue wrestling on the dance floor.
I spun her around, cupping her breasts and grinding my hard-on into her backside as she pushed back into me. Her hands passed over the bulge in my pants often, causing me to involuntarily flex against the constricting material.
"I love you, baby," I growled in her ear.
She turned back around to kiss me. Her eyes paused a moment looking over my shoulder, then she smiled and proceeded to make out with me.
I felt someone press up against me, reaching around my sides to touch my wife. Tori smiled in the kiss, then pushed and pulled on my shoulders until I turned around. Tracy immediately took over kissing me as my wife rubbed up and down my back.
"Is this your answer?" I asked.
Tracy nodded, breathing heavily. "We want it all."
I grinned. "And so you will get it!"
I smacked her ass and she squealed. I pressed her face back to mine and we continued kissing and fondling as we moved to the music. I felt Tori pull away, no doubt to do most unmarried-like things with Joshua. Tracy's hand passed across my cock, making it flex not just from the sensation but also the thought of my wife's hand doing the same thing to Joshua.
"Wow, someone's a little excited," she said sarcastically.
"Don't worry," I growled as I spun her around, pressing myself between her butt cheeks, "You'll get your chance to play with it soon enough."
"Why not right now?"
"Because I don't want to get arrested."
"No!" she laughed. "I mean...let's get out of here. All of us."
I didn't want to give her the chance to change her mind, so I turned to the other two. Tori's back was to me, her face turned up kissing Joshua. His hands were on her ass while one of her arms was around his neck, pulling his face to hers, while her other arm was between them, moving back and forth. I couldn't see what it was doing exactly, but I somehow doubted she was scratching her belly.
I snapped loudly at them, the percussion cutting through the bass. He looked up and I gave him a 'circle the wagons' gesture, then pointed at the door. He nodded, following my lead as I firmly pulled Tracy through the crowd toward the exit.
Stepping into the cool air of the casino floor, I still had Tracy by the hand. Tori and Joshua followed a couple minutes later. I stared lustfully at my wife's sexy...well, everything, really: her gorgeous dark hair; her Asian exoticness, accented by her kohl-lined hazel eyes; her stunning corset-and-miniskirt outfit; her amazing (and naked!) body beneath it. I loved her and I knew tonight was going to be an unforgettable night for both of us.
We walked through the casino, mismatched couples who looked perfectly normal to the rest of the world. We walked out to the valet parking and I hailed the guy who had parked our car.
"Bring it around, my man."
"Which one is yours, sir?"
I frowned at him, then looked at my wife pointedly.
Looking at her for a moment, recognition bloomed, "Oh, the car with the—right."
He smiled and took off at a jog. Soon, our rental appeared and he hopped out. The panties were still there, though I couldn't tell if they were in the same place as before. I can't say I cared either way.
Tori took the keys from the valet. "I believe I'm the most sober. Trace, why don't you sit between the boys in the back while I chauffeur everyone around?"
"Mmm, I think I could do that...c'mon, boys, let's go for a ride."
Tracy took me by the hand as Joshua walked around to the other side of the car. Tori got in the front and I smacked Tracy's ass as she bent down to get in. Standing in the open door, I casually unbuttoned my shirt, pulling it off and throwing it into the car. I was causing a bit of a spectacle in front of the bustling hotel, but these people could wait on me. The valet grinned and I tossed him a salute before climbing sedately into the Lexus.
Tracy was giggling. "Why did you take your shirt off?"
I pursed my lips and shook my head at her. "You really are a natural blonde, aren't you? The Sex Game goes all night, so you're already behind. Don't make me make Joshua tickle you."
He poked her in the ribs for emphasis, and she squealed. "Okay! Gimme a second!"
She didn't have a second. "SEX!" Joshua called, hitting the ceiling.
"What?" she said, disbelieving. He pointed at a motorcycle on the curb, a crotch rocket with half of the front beam burned out.
"Motorcycles don't count! They only have one light to begin with!"
"Keep going with your blouse. Okay, it's anything asymmetrical—fog lights, parking lights, motorcycle lights, whatever. Anything uneven is fair game. So you are down another. Tori, back me up on this."
"He's right, Tracy, and I have some bad news," she said with feigned concern. "I can't take anything else off without creating a dangerous driving condition, so you're going to have to pay all of the points for our team. Sorry." The sincerity was somehow lacking her apology, maybe because she was smiling into the rearview mirror.
"You bitch! You set me up!" Tracy laughed. "But I'm not a sore loser, so..." She reached back and unstrapped her bra, freeing her large tits with their pointy nipples. It was all I could do not to grab them. I distracted myself by returning to a visual scan outside the car. I could feel her shifting around on the seat, then her panties were draped over my head. I smiled and left them in place. Her hand came to rest on my thigh very high up and personal, gently rubbing circles.
Perhaps Lady Luck was still watching out for me, because I sniped one that my wife should have seen. Maybe she was checking out our naked passenger a little too much in the rearview mirror. Either way, suddenly the girls were down two more, with only one available piece of clothing left on Tracy's lovely body.
"Uh, well, I guess this counts as two..." and she shimmied out of the tight white skirt, revealing a careful strip on her taut stomach leading down to puffy lips. Again, I had to fight the urge not to slip my finger into the oh-so-inviting cleft they created.
"Actually, you guess wrong, and this is where things get difficult for your team. Now that you're down so much, you will be otherwise distracted, which makes it much harder to score points."
'What do you mean, 'distracted'?" she asked with a husky voice.
Tori spoke up from the front. "Remember what he told me to do earlier that I answered with, 'Not yet, dear, we aren't down by that much'?"
I watched Tracy as realization visibly crossed her face. Tori caught it, too, nodding mock-sympathetically. "Yep...we're down by that much now. I'msoooosorry I can't be more of a help, but I really need to focus on getting us home safely."
Tracy sat forward, leaning up and whispering to my wife, who shook her head, whispering something back. Tracy giggled, then turned and squatted down in front of the seat between me and Joshua. Her hands rubbed up and gripped the bulges in our pants.
"Well, boys, are you going to let me play by the rules or not?" she asked seductively.
Joshua reached down and unfastened his pants, eager to give her ample opportunity. I, on the other hand, leaned back and put my hands behind my head, fixing her with a 'You go right ahead' look. Her lips puckered at my cheek, but her fingers delicately unstrapped my belt, then my pants, finally the fly. She lay the flaps carefully to each side, then rubbed my cock through my underwear. Joshua had already freed his manhood and was watching avidly as her hand traced the outline of my cock.
As punishment for my petulance, I suppose, she looked up at me, then deliberately leaned down and took her fiancé's cock in her mouth. He sighed as she worked him in and out a few times before taking over with her hand and returning to my bulge. Her free hand reached into the slit of my boxer-briefs, wrapping around my cock for the first time. Her hand was warm and soft, her motions gentle as she maneuvered my unbending rod back through the slit. Finally it popped free and she cooed as she stroked it for measure. She looked up at me again and leaned forward, looking down only to swirl her tongue around the head.
I had known she was hot for me for hours, that the strength of her desire was affecting her like alcohol. I knew this because I felt the same way, and I could see the same symptoms in Joshua and my wife. The car was heating up even with the AC blowing. She took me deep a couple times, then returned to Joshua, licking his dick like a lollipop.
"Sex," Tori said, lazily thumping the ceiling.
The idea that the girls were at a disadvantage was bullshit in this setting: Joshua and I were riveted on the blonde bouncing back and forth between our cocks. Tori was the only person looking outside and she knew it.
Tracy was working on me, so Joshua slid his pants down to his feet. When she swapped again I did the same. Now that my cock was being taken care of, however, my natural competitiveness returned and I began hawking the streets once more. It quickly paid off and I caught a pickup on a cross street.
"Hey, you up there, I'm pretty sure that corset will slide down enough to count. And you, missy, stop teasing; it's time to start sucking these dicks like you mean it," I said, tapping the back of her head.
In response, her mouth enveloped my cock on the next plunge. That was more like it.
I noticed Tori's shoulders adjusting in the front seat and I glanced over at Joshua. He was staring wide-eyed at her from across the car, sexual desire marking every atom of his visage. She looked back at him and smiled; all he could do in reply was lick his lips.
We traversed the Strip directly to the Wynn this time, but even so, we spent most of it with the lovely driver topless and the gentlemen in the back getting blowjobs. We turned a few heads, but made all of the green lights so there were no unusually long pauses next to other vehicles.
We pulled into the parking garage and made our way up to the top floor. Tori found a secluded spot between two big SUVs and pulled in, but once the car was off no one moved.
"Well, Joshua, I'm pretty sure the girls are still down one from the game, since Tori took off her top, but since Tracy was already busy, I think it's Tori's turn to suck some cock."
Tori reached back over Tracy and rubbed his knee. "Why don't you come up here with me, Joshua? I don't want anyone accusing me of cheating or not being a team player."
Tracy didn't miss a beat on my cock, releasing his and pulling my leg over so she could kneel between them and give me her full attention. Forgotten, Joshua quickly opened the car door and stepped around into the front seat. He looked at my wife, suddenly unsure, but she quickly took charge, pulling her hair into a ponytail as her head disappeared into his lap.
I smiled and looked down at the top of Tracy's head. I was raging hard and getting close, but this was not even close to what I wanted for the evening. I picked up her chin until my cock fell out of her mouth. She looked up at me and I leaned down and kissed her. She responded excitedly. My hands traced down her neck to her full breasts, cupping them and palming the nipples.
"Get up here," I whispered, leaning back. She followed, crawling into my lap and thrusting her breasts into my face. I fondled and sucked the massive mounds as her hands caressed my head. I pulled her crotch towards me until I felt her pussy rubbing against my cock. I mimicked a grinding motion by lifting her ass up and down. She got the hint and took over, grinding her hips into me as we kissed.
I heard Tori speaking quietly up front, and out of the corner of my eye I could see her climbing into the passenger seat, assuming the same position over Joshua. She paused above him, lowering much more slowly than necessary until it dawned on me that she was mounting him. She sank down into his lap with a loud sigh, then kissed him as her hips rocked back and forward.
I was aroused by my wife's aggressiveness, but I was enjoying this tease with Tracy, so I decided to hold off meeting Tori's subtle challenge. There would be plenty of time tonight to set the bar higher.
Tracy noticed I was distracted, so she pulled my head down and fed me a tit, which I greedily sucked. Her nipples her hard and wonderfully springy; I found myself nibbling on them repeatedly, encouraged by her soft, sharp intakes of breath. I passed back and forth between her breasts as she had done with the cocks earlier. By now my cock was coated in her juices and the slippery friction was incredibly hot.
I looked at my wife and Joshua. His hands were kneading her small breasts as they kissed, her hips still gently moving to and fro, not frenzied, but I'm sure it felt incredible for both of them.
It was time to move upstairs. "Alright, folks, we've reached the limit of our sexual capabilities here in the car. Let's get up to the room and see what else we can find to do."
We quickly put on most of our clothes, then made our way to the elevators. Fortunately we didn't have to walk through the main lobby, otherwise we might have been arrested for indecent exposure. We had the elevator to ourselves and I hope the security guard was paying attention; if not, he seriously missed out. When the doors closed we were a flurry of groping hands and falling clothes and when they opened again we only bothered to cover ourselves, not even dressing back up.
We strolled down the hallway to our room, everyone waiting patiently as I searched for the keycard in the jeans I was carrying by hand. I opened the door, ushered in my wife and our guests and closed it behind me.
The room was illuminated by a single lamp near the door. Everyone was sort of spread out, the passion of the last hour at a low tide, leaving Joshua and Tracy unsure what to do next. I looked at Tori and slightly nodded. She went to the balcony door, opening the blinds to let the light of the Strip spill into the room. I turned off the lamp, plunging the room into a multi-colored twilight. The silence in the room was total; you could feel the sexual tension like an electric charge passing between us.
Tori made the first move, surprising everyone by walking up to Tracy and kissing her gently, then deeply, which Tracy returned. It barely lasted thirty seconds, but served to rekindle the lust from the car ride. My wife broke it off, then sauntered over to Joshua, kissing him next. I admired her sexy backside from across the room as his hands roamed up and down it, even as Tracy slowly walked over to me.
I looked at her, not even bothering to hide the smirk on my face. By now all doubt and subtlety had been dropped. I knew she wanted me and she no longer needed to be convinced of that herself. I dropped my pants to the floor, welcoming her kiss as I unbuttoned my shirt. She untied her blouse, pulling it over her shoulders as my hands reached around to the clasp of her bra. Her hands slid up and down the bulge in my boxer briefs. I cupped her recently liberated breasts, rolling my fingers around her nipples.
A short zip sounded from across the room, followed by a masculine groan. I snuck a peak, then spun Tracy around so she was facing the other couple. I reached down and adjusted my cock into the waistband and notched it into the cleft of her ass as I reached around and continued to play with her tits. Both of us watched my wife, on her knees, bobbing her head in and out of Joshua's crotch.
"Does it turn you on to see Joshua's cock in another girl's mouth?" I whispered into Tracy's ear. She nodded, her ass sliding up and down against my cock. I reached down and unfastened her skirt, which fell to the floor. Her panties had disappeared in the car. Together we stood, naked, fondling each other as we watched my wife blow her fiance.
We watched for a couple minutes before I spoke again. "It seems only fair that you return the favor."
She turned and sank to her knees, taking my cock in hand and stroking it as she looked up at me with a pleading expression on her face.
"Please, sir, may I suck your dick?"
I wasn't quite sure where that came from, but I knew what to do with it. Taking my cock out of her hand, I pointed it at her mouth as I reached around and gathered up a handful of her hair. She opened wide and I pushed into her mouth. After pumping myself in and out a few times, I let her take over, whereupon she proceeded to give me a fairly sloppy and sensational blowjob. She didn't have the refinement or technique of my wife, but she was enthusiastic and able to deepthroat, so I found myself having to pull out occasionally to cool off while she sucked on my balls. Every time I did that, she got that hopeful look on her face, looking up with her piercing blue eyes like she was worried I wouldn't let her suck on it again. How could I resist that? I granted her wish each time, "letting" her happily take me into her throat.
Across the room, I was treated to the sight of Joshua bucking his hips and moaning loudly. Tori's head kept right on going, his hands helping her rhythm as she swallowed his load.
I pulled my nutsac out of Tracy's mouth and physically turned her head so she was looking at her fiancé's ecstatic face.
"See that? He just nutted in my wife's mouth. She sucked him off so well, he rewarded her with his cum...think you can do that?" She nodded, still looking at my wife as she pulled his cock out of her mouth, licking up and down the sides to clean it off.
I twisted her head back around and she attacked my cock, trying to swallow the whole thing. While it felt marvelous, it wasn't quite how I wanted to finish; I had something else in mind. I had been dying to taste Tracy's pussy all night, so I pulled back out of her mouth, pushing her forehead back so she was looking up at me.
"Do you want me to eat your pussy?" I asked sternly.
She nodded excitedly.
"But you want to keep sucking my cock, is that right?"
She nodded again.
"Go lie down on the bed and play with yourself. I'll be there in a moment."
She rose and I smacked her ass to send her on her way. Instead of following her, I went over to Tori's suitcase, finding what I was looking for in a side pocket.
On the other side of the room, Tori had removed her skirt and was lying down on the couch with Joshua burying his face between her legs. She was moaning and had a hand beneath her corset, tweaking a nipple. Her other hand was raking Joshua's curly hair, sometimes pulling him in harder, sometimes pushing him away for a moment. He would look up at her then, taking in the sexy flush on her cheeks and face, aware that *he* was doing this to her.
Walking over to them, I placed the anal dildo and lube next to Joshua. I tapped him on the shoulder, pointing at the starter kit.
"Start with your finger, working your way up to this. Keep licking her and she'll go crazy. We'll see about getting you in there later."
He nodded, too overwhelmed for words. His puppy crush had been blatantly obvious all day, so being told that he had free reign to finger my wife's ass and possibly fuck it later was beyond his comprehension for the moment. I had no doubt he would find his way, though.
I stepped up to my wife, leaning over her panting face. "I'm going to eat Tracy's pussy. I'll let you know how it tastes."
"Mmm, have fun," she said, pulling me down for a brief kiss.
I walked around the waist-high dividing wall, still able to see and hear my wife and Joshua but focusing on the object of desire on the bed. Tracy's sexy body heaved on the sheets as she fingered herself, awaiting my arrival. I smiled and walked over to the bed.
When I 69 with Tori, she likes being on top or side-by-side, but Tracy's suddenly-quiescent behavior indicated strongly that she wanted to have the cock driven down into her. I was more than willing to test this theory, at least. Knee-walking up to her from above, I placed my thighs on either side of her head and angled my cock down at her. I fell forward, driving myself deep into her welcoming mouth as I caught myself on my elbows, shifting my weight to get comfortable. Satisfied, I gently began licking her fragrant snatch. She had very puffy lips, and when my tongue passed between them it was met with a deluge of pussy juice. I quickly reached under her thigh and coated my fingers with it, plunging them into her as I went to work on her clit.
I slowly humped her face while she moaned around my cock. My fingers were rapidly plunging in and out of her, and very quickly my mouth was covered in pussy juice as it poured from her. There was only one place those juices could be flowing. As one hand fingered her, the other began exploring her crack. She mumbled a bit, bucking her hips slightly as my finger found her back door. I sucked hard on her clit and plunged my fingers into her pussy, rubbing against her g-spot as I rotated my hips. Thus distracted by the stimulation in her other holes, I slipped my forefinger into her ass up to the first knuckle. I quickly pulled it back out, then pressed it back in. She was moaning again, but not exactly fighting back, and as I continued to explore she relaxed and started licking my cock enthusiastically.
Soon my finger was buried in her ass. Excited by the prospect, I took the moment to lift my hips and slide forward a bit, settling back down to let her suck on my balls. As she did so, I could here my wife's moaning in the other room.
"Oh my god...push it in...keep licking me, but push it in...harder..."
I ground my balls and taint into Tracy's face, fingering her other holes as my wife took a dildo in the ass not 12 feet away. I had wanted to hold back, but seeing my wife finish Joshua off, drink his cum, and now hearing her moans was all I needed, so I pushed my hips back and wetly pumped in and out of Tracy's mouth until I felt my balls tense. Groaning, I unloaded hours of sexual tension into her mouth. She moaned, lifting her head to take me in deeper as she swallowed. Still keeping my finger moving in and out of her ass, I fought to catch my breath as she licked the cum and excess saliva from my cock.
Given that this was clearly Tracy's first time with anal play, I figured seeing my beautiful wife being sodomized would open new doors for her. I dismounted, telling her to get up and go into the other room.
Joshua was still between Tori's legs, licking her pussy as he slowly worked the dildo in and out of her. Tori had pushed her corset down, freeing her tits, which she was now playing with using both hands.
"Stand right here. Spread your legs and bend over the coffee table. I want you to see this up close," I directed Tracy, who immediately complied.
Kneeling behind her, I resumed my oral attention on her pussy, but also licked up the crack of her ass. Seeing my wife getting off on the dildo had the desired effect on Tracy: she began pushing back into my tongue as it traced past her rosebud and I answered by spending more time licking that hole than the other. Her hand came up and took over playing with her clit, so my fingers probed her cunt instead as I rimmed her asshole.
Tori was playing with Joshua's hair again, looking down at him. "Do you like playing with my ass? Does it turn you on, pushing that dildo into me?"
"Mm-hmm," he moaned into her clit.
"Mmm, I want you to fuck me while my husband watches. I want you to cum inside me, emptying your balls into me while my husband fucks your fiancée. Do you want that? Do you want to see your beautiful Tracy getting fucked from behind while you're cumming inside me?"
Tracy was moaning loudly and her hips were shaking under my efforts and from hearing my wife's dirty talk. I reached over and grabbed the lube, coating two fingers. Without warning I reached up and slipped one, then both of them into her asshole. She almost dropped to the floor, but managed to catch herself and stand up again, albeit with much convulsing and jagged breathing. I don't think it was a full orgasm, but she definitely had an acute peak of pleasure when I did that.
"Joshua, look at Tracy," Tori said softly, "Look at how much she enjoys having my husband's fingers inside her. Did you know she liked having fingers in her ass?"
My wife then reached over, stroking Tracy's cheek. "You look so sexy bent over like that. Do you like seeing Joshua licking my pussy? Does it turn you on, seeing that dildo pushing in and out of my ass? Do you wish it was going in and out of yours?"
The trembling started again and this was no almost-orgasm. I reached around and held her thighs against my chest, locking her legs so she wouldn't fall. She moaned and furiously rubbed her clit as I wiggled my fingers in her ass and buried my tongue in her slit. Her moans sounded subdued; Tori told me later she had stuck her pussy-soaked fingers in Tracy's mouth and the sexy blonde was sucking them clean as she came around my fingers and tongue.
Once her body was back under control, I stood behind her, continuing to work my fingers around her loosening hole.
I cleared my throat. "Joshua, as my wife clearly stated, she would love for you to cum in her asshole, and if you don't mind, I would like to expand your wife's horizons by fucking hers. Do you think that's fair?"
He looked up from my wife's pussy, his lower face glistening. He looked at his fiancée, who stared back at him with lust-filled eyes. She nodded, so he looked at me and did the same.
"Let's go over to the bed and get more comfortable."
I slowly pulled my fingers from Tracy's ass as Joshua did the same with the dildo in my wife. He and both girls stood and I led everyone around the low wall. I pointed with both arms where I wanted the girls to lie down on the bed, their hips on the edge and their legs over the side. Joshua, lube in hand, stepped between my wife's legs and wrapped them around his waist. He then liberally applied the lube to his cock as the rest of us watched with rapt attention. He dropped the bottle between the girls, then slowly lowered himself until he was lined up with my wife's crotch. She helped by lifting her hips, providing a clear target. He placed the head of his cock on the hole, then slowly pressed in. My wife gasped as the mushroom head disappeared. She reached down and started strumming her clit as Joshua pushed inch by inch into my wife's perfect ass. He slid in all the way to the pubic bone, then started pulling out.
"Go slowly," I advised, "She's been warmed up some, but it'll be a few strokes before she's totally comfortable."
He nodded, proceeding at a slow but steady pace.
As always, seeing my wife take another man in the ass had magically restorative powers on my cock. Very quickly it was throbbing again, so I took up the lube and started applying it. Tracy was staring wide-eyed at my wife, looking a little nervous.
"You okay with this?" I asked with genuine concern.
"I...I want to, but I don't know if I'll be able to do it," she said meekly.
Tori spoke up, between moans. "Trace, why don't you sit on my face? That will take your mind off of it and help you to relax."
My dick jumped, and I looked back at a rather surprised Tracy. If Tori had suggested that an hour ago, Tracy probably would have kindly refused, but right now she was at a whole new level of arousal; the clear lines of "acceptable" and "taboo" were blurring.
"Are you sure about that?" she asked.
Joshua stopped thrusting, listening intently to my wife, as were we all. Tori propped herself up on her elbows, looking at Tracy. "My husband likes seeing me with other people, both guys and girls, and I've been wanting to taste you all night. Please, let me help you."
Joshua and I held our breath as Tracy debated. Finally, she giggled and pushed herself onto the bed.
"I've never had a girl lick me before...I would *love* for you to be the first."
Tori smiled at her, lying back down as Tracy straddled her head with her back to us. Slowly she lowered herself onto my wife's face. Neither of us guys could see exactly what was going on, but Tracy's head fell back as she sighed, then gasped. Joshua started stroking in and out again, and I finished coating my shaft with lube.
Tracy was grinding her hips slightly, holding herself up on all fours but pressing herself against my wife's face. As much as I wanted to mount her right there, I didn't really want to ruin Joshua's view, so I was forced to interrupt the Sapphic exhibit to have Tracy turn around. She quickly did so, and soon Joshua was treated to the sight of my wife's tongue and chin sliding around his fiancée's pussy.
I walked around to the other side of the bed and crawled up behind Tracy. I looked down, seeing my wife's head nuzzling back and forth, moving up and down in time with Joshua's thrusts. I smiled, wondering if this had been what she'd had in mind when she suggested—barely 12 hours ago in this very room—that we seduce these two. Now she had Joshua's cock up her ass and her tongue in Tracy's pussy. If so, then my wife is the sexiest mastermind in the world!
Kneeling behind Tracy, I pressed her torso down to elevate her backside. She leaned forward and spread her legs further to keep her pussy over my wife's mouth. Placing my throbbing cock on her asshole, I began slowly pressing, waiting for the tension to release. Tracy was taking short breaths, stimulated by my wife's cunnilingus but instinctively resistant to my penetration. Eventually her will won out, however, signaled by the deliciously peculiar feeling of her sphincter swallowing the head of my cock.
"OH!" Tracy grunted, and I gently pulled back out. Her jaw worked as her breathing stopped momentarily, then I pressed back into her again. She exhaled, she took a deep breath.
"Oh my GOD it's too BIG!" She exclaimed.
But her ass was incredibly accommodating and her natural resistance wasn't nearly as strong as Tori's had been during her first time, or even still was, and soon I was buried to the hilt inside the lovely former cheerleader, who was simultaneously whimpering and moaning.
I decided the 'firm' approach would be best. I smacked her ass, then pulled back out in one slow motion, then pushed in again, accompanied by another smack. She yelped, then groaned, her hips shuddering as I pushed back into her. She arched her back and her breathing settled into a rhythm that matched the tempo I set banging her ass.
Joshua stared wide-eyed at my cock disappearing into her. His own thrusting had slackened off and I could see Tori's hand working her clit.
"Keep going, Joshua, and Tracy, fair is fair..."
I lightly pushed the back of her head and she slowly lowered it to my wife's pussy. Tori moved her hand from her clit to Tracy's breast, pinching and twisting the nipple. Joshua's eyes were now fixated on the back of his wife's head. He was thrusting in and out of my wife forcefully, leaning back to see if his fiancée would actually complete the 69.
My wife's sudden moaning signaled the moment it happened. I buried myself deep into Tracy's rectum, gyrating my hips as a reward for her compliance. Likewise, Tori redoubled her efforts from below, and maybe from the dual stimulation or perhaps from her own wanton behavior, Tracy's orgasm triggered and fired. She cried out, her butt muscles clenching wonderfully around my cock as her juices flowed into my wife's mouth.
I looked up at Joshua. "Your wife just had an orgasm with a cock in her ass."
This was a big moment for him and I wanted him to fully realize its import. Not every girl can orgasm anally and I felt it was worth pointing out in case his lust-addled brain glossed over it.
Either way, the sight and sound of his sodomized and pussy-licking wife-to-be cumming was the final stimulation he needed. He groaned mightily as he filled another of my wife's holes with his cum. As he pounded into her, Tori reached up and pulled Tracy's face into her harder, and my wife's cries of ecstasy sounded from beneath us. I could feel the bed shaking as she convulsed around Joshua's and Tracy's enveloping ministrations.
I was still grinding my hips into Tracy's butt cheeks, observing the chain of orgasms going on around me. I was getting there, but not quite ready to be done yet with my new lady friend.
Joshua was slowly withdrawing, and as he popped free I directed him to the bathroom where we had some antibacterial soap.
"Hurry back, baby, I want you to watch this," Tracy called after him huskily.
He winked at her as he stepped around the corner. I reached back to the headboard, grabbing one of the pillows and sliding it between my legs.
"Tori, scoot up and put your head on the pillow. My balls need some attention." On cue, I felt her tongue flick along my sac, sending a shiver up my spine.
I started sliding in and out again, reveling in the added sensations of my wife's talented mouth in addition to this virgin ass. Tracy had come down from her orgasm enough to allow me to continue, thus I started pounding in and out of her with increased force. Joshua returned and sat on the bed off to the side. Tracy reached out and he took her hand.
I felt Tori's finger sliding up my taint, pressing against the veins and nerve running beneath my cock. It was wet with lube, sliding further and further back until it was pressing against my anus. My hips bucked; when I settled back, she pushed her finger in to the last knuckle in one motion. I lost control, groaning and thrusting as all of the nerve impulses—from Tracy's ass, from my wife's tongue and finger—collided in an explosive singularity of kinky pleasure. My cum shot deeply into Tracy's bowels, the sensation eliciting a moan from the sexy blonde.
I had to push Tori's head away to spare my sensitive testicles from any further stimulation and she removed her finger as well. I pulled out of Tracy's ass slowly, trying my best to work it out with her breathing to alleviate the discomfort.
Once free, I made my way to the bathroom to disinfect myself and generally clean up.
As I was washing, Tori joined me, looking tired, disheveled, and generally fucked. She was lovely.
"I love that corset; I think it may be the sexiest thing you own."
She pressed herself into my back, smiling at me in the mirror. "Mmm, I think *you* are the sexiest thing I own."
I chuckled, reaching around and wetly smacking her bare ass cheek. She wet her hands in the sink and soaped up, then reached back and lathered my flagging cock.
"You going to be up for more? You still haven't had me tonight," she asked, eyebrow cocked.
"I will definitely need more of that anti-chafing lotion from Club Aurora tomorrow, but I should be good for another round."
*squeeze* "Good."
She rinsed and opened the door as I grabbed a hand towel for my crotch and followed.
Joshua and Tracy were propped up on the pillows holding each other tightly, necking and whispering as if they were the only people in the world. Tracy lay on her back with one foot tucked under the other knee in a figure-4. Her sex, shaven and puffed from stimulation, beckoned me, but Tori saw something else and made the first move.
Crawling onto the bed, she gently moved Tracy's bent leg to the side and settled into her nether regions. She slid her hands under Tracy's butt, lifting it, and I finally saw what my wife was after: a trickle of white sliding out of Tracy's back door.
Tracy, who had been ignoring my wife's return up to now, twitched and squealed at the first lick. Both looked down at my wife lapping up my seed, her elven eyes staring back above Tracy's sex.
I stood back, observing the sexy arch in my wife's back, her dark hair splayed across Tracy's legs, her beautiful pussy presented back towards me, a slight trickle of her own leaking down. Lazily, almost without thought, my hand found its way to my cock and began prepping for another round.
The other couple, who had been cooling down post-coitus, began showing signs of life, too. As my hand had found its own way, so, too, did Tracy's hand move on its own accord to a nipple, tweaking and pulling as she watched my wife. So, too, did Joshua's crotch show signs of activity. Since her hands were propping up Tracy's rear end, I reached down to stimulate my wife from behind. No one made a sound, save for the muted slurping noises of Tori's services.
We stayed in this manual/oral train for several minutes, letting the flush return in a slow build. Joshua's free hand added to Tracy's nipple stimulation, and she returned in kind by reaching down and cupping his balls. My altruistic hand slid up and down my wife's slit, occasionally pausing to strum the clit. Her hips began subtly flexing in opposition to my hand, as Tracy's nipple-tweaking became more insistent.
Finally Joshua spoke. "Are you leaking, too?"
Tori nodded, never taking her eyes off him, willing him to ask.
"Can I watch my wife...do that too?"
She nodded again slowly, but kept slurping away, looking up at Joshua.
He frowned slightly, then looked at me. "She isn't done yet," I said with a wry grin. He nodded, and looked back at the show. It was quite a sight for both of them.
Soon, though, Tori began licking broadly up Tracy's crack to her pussy, a sign I knew from past experience meant that she was done.
"Tracy, move the pillows out from under you and lay back. Scoot down a bit, too, I have an idea. Joshua, help get her situated."
Tracy moved what she could, but Tori wouldn't let go just yet so Joshua did most of the work. Only when she was settled did my wife relinquish her position to crawl up Tracy's body and kneel over her face. Tori palmed her sex with one hand and grabbed the headboard with the other. Then she lowered herself to the smiling ex-cheerleader.
Passingly, I noticed that nobody had consulted Tracy about felching my wife, but she seemed quite alright with it.
Joshua stood beside the bed, playing with himself and mouth slightly agape as he watched yet another door open in his sexual life. Smiling inwardly, I walked around to the other side of the bed and grabbed the lube. Then, mimicking my wife, I crawled onto the bed and knee-walked up Tracy's body, settling against Tori's back.
"Tracy, can you give me a hand here?" I asked, squirting lube all over her chest. She got the hint and pressed her tits together, offering a soft and slippery crevice for my cock. Nocking myself in, I began slowly thrusting back and forth, the all-enveloping warmth being everything I'd hoped it would be from the minute I saw her in a bikini last night at the hot tub.
Hips still rocking, I pressed myself into Tori's back and reached around, under the outstretched arm and over the other still rhythmically polishing her clit, to cup her breasts, twirling and tugging her sensitive nipples. Her head tilted back onto my shoulder, her mouth panting, slightly open as her eyes were closed. I couldn't quite reach for a kiss, so I opted for a soft lick on her cheek. She grinned, then looked up and past me.
"Joshua..." was all she said, then opened her mouth.
He stepped onto the bed as I moved around to the other side of her head, making way. As her head started to bob, I flipped her hair over my shoulder and kissed, nibbled, and sucked the side of her neck, going for marks. This was about as close as I was willing to get to another man's business, but having Tori between us made it miles apart.
She *popped* him out of her mouth and ducked under to the balls, releasing the headboard to stroke him. I moved to the top of her shoulder, biting gently, tasting her sweat. Looking down I could see Tracy watching her fiancé getting a good ball-licking. Seeing me looking down, she glanced over at me and I winked. Her eyes smiled back, mouth too busy to respond.
My wife returned to his rod and I to her neck, sure now that she would have a bruise or two in the morning. Tracy's tits felt simply sublime, and I could tell by their motion that she was playing with her nipples as she held them together.
Tori was taking him deep as her fire returned. From her throat came wet gasps as she gagged on his cock, her head moving faster as her pace quickened. When Tori wants to give sloppy head, she goes all out, and as I moved back to her shoulder to give her more headroom, I could see strings of saliva dripping down her front onto Tracy's face.
Tracy was unfazed, eyes blazing up at my wife's loud dickslurping as her own mouth licked and sucked Tori's asshole. On a whim, I reached up to Tori's chin and gathered the accumulated runoff from her blowjob into my hand, then leaned down and smeared it on Tracy's face—back and forth across her visage, then up her forehead running my fingers through her sweaty hair.
She moaned, eyes fixed on me now, and I leaned over Tori's shoulder, mouth working and lips pursed. She nodded, and my spit dropped onto her face, smacking below her unblinking eye and running down her cheek. We continued staring into one another's eyes, the world coming down to physical sensation as periphery dropped away. Her loins stirred as my cock slid between her tits; I could taste my wife in her mouth; the trace ran along my cheek as spit dripped down her face.
Our trance was broken by another *splat* as more spit joined mine on the other side of her face. In her eyes, I could see Joshua grinning down at her as she looked up at him, eyes smiling once more.
I figured everyone was as ready as they were going to be for the final act. "So have you guys ever heard of a Three-Hole Night?" I asked.
"No, what's that?" Joshua asked between clenched teeth.
"You'll see in a minute. Trace, are you finished down there?" After a moment, she nodded reluctantly. Reluctant myself, I dismounted her chest and started arranging pillows.
"What are you doing?" Joshua asked.
"Patience. Tori, if you're ready?"
A few more bobs and alooong, almost-starting-to-suffocate deepthroat later (showing off in front of Tracy, I suspected), she was ready, crawling over to me with a saucy grin and a thick string of saliva and pre-cum hanging from her chin. She lay back onto the pillows with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed.
"Tracy, want to lick some more pussy?"
"Hell, yes, I do!" She rolled onto all fours and crawled over excitedly, swinging a leg over my wife into a 69. With Tori propped up on the pillows, Tracy was still on her knees in Downward Facing Dog. Without preamble, our lovely girls got down to business, simultaneous muffled moans escaping from both.
I sidled up behind Tracy as Joshua picked up my wife's legs and stepped between them, reminiscent of the anal-fuck-69 half an hour previously.
I counted off with my fingers. "Mouth, ass, pussy—all three holes. Thus, Three Hole Night." With that, I pressed into the only part of Tracy I hadn't fucked yet tonight, as Joshua did likewise to Tori.
As before, Tori's tongue found its way from Tracy's clit along the shaft to my balls, and I imagine Joshua was receiving some oral attention from his fiancée just as my wife was, too.
With two loads off tonight already, I was comfortably established for a long fuck, and Joshua looked to be as well. Tori and Tracy, however, had no such endurance, but neither did they suffer a lag after cumming, and soon they were echoing one another in a string of orgasms that had them gasping for air.
Joshua and I were relentless, however. We were going to get ours regardless, the feminine whimpering and frequent orgasmic quivering below and between us continually spurring us on. We were remorseless, but it was hardly unwanted—both girls were shrieking our names, begging for more. And we gave it.
Tracy wasn't quite as tight as Tori, but her pussy was velvety and oh-so=wonderful, and for the first time tonight I gave out before Joshua. It was a survival thing, really: I could sense things going numb down there, which wouldn't do anyone any good. So, with gritted teeth and a ferocious growl, I came, firing one deep spurt before pulling back to the entrance of her pussy to finish.
Joshua came soon after, burying himself to the hilt and grinding out his finale. He, too, groaned through gritted teeth, rictus setting his face and muscles stranding in his neck. I started to worry as his face turned red, but he released and took a deep breath before unsheathing and collapsing onto the bed.
Tracy started to rise but Tori quickly grabbed her around the waist and pulled her back down, still lapping at her pussy. My cum dribbled down into her mouth, and though there wasn't much there, Tori buried her tongue in Tracy's snatch searching it out.
Tracy got the hint and resumed her own work, though with Joshua's unsophistication with creampies, she wasn't finding much at the entrance. From where I knelt, I could see her hand come up and her fingers deeply probed my wife, scooping the cum from her well-used pussy. Tori breathed in sharply, eyes closed and head tilted back as Tracy found her G-spot. She shook out one final mini-orgasm as my cum leaked from Tracy onto her chin, adding to the mess left over from the sloppy deepthroat.
Kneeling back on my haunches, cock twitching itself back to resting state, girls softly finishing, Joshua *totally* finished—I would have to consider The Seduction to be a success.
Eventually, Tracy and Tori made signs of satisfactory conclusion, and I helped Tracy roll onto the bed, swinging her around to parallel to Joshua, who was still passed out.
Once more, Tori and I stepped into the bathroom to clean up. Turning on the sink, I observed her in the mirror, now even more the sexed-up goddess.
"I love you, babe, and I just want to say you did a masterful job with Joshua today. He was eating out of your hand all evening."
She squeezed me. "Why, thank you. I thought Tracy was going to drop to her knees at the craps table. Baby, you looked so hot! There was something about you that was just...overwhelmingly sexual. It was VERY effective."
Tori frowned slightly. "Do you think it was wrong of us to jeopardize their relationship like that?"
I thought about that before answering. "No, we teased and flirted a lot, but ultimately it was their own free will. Two things. First, everything overt that happened was clearly spelled out for them, and they chose to act on it. Second, they had a strong, mature relationship before they met us, much like we were at that stage. So I'm really not worried about it. Did you hear him call her his wife." She nodded. "He hadn't done that at all today; it was then, in the midst of what I imagine was the most intense sexual experience of their lives, that he slipped into a role that implies a deeper relationship that what they had before. I don't think either of them caught, too, which is definitely encouraging."
I shrugged. "Moreover, if we have opened up a new world to them that they would otherwise have never considered, we have actually made their future marriagebetterby seducing them. Thus, to havenotdone so would have been the wrong thing to do."
She looked back at me in the mirror, a serene look on her face. "I love the way you talk. You make taking someone's fiancée's anal virginity sound like a noble act."
"Someone has to do it, and I'm just man enough to accept the challenge." I kissed her cheek. "And you're slutty enough to do so, also."
She smiled and hugged me again. "Come to bed, my love; I want to snuggle up to your naked body."
We quietly walked back out to the bedroom. Tracy had somehow moved Joshua onto his side and snuggled in to be spooned by him. Both were fast asleep.
Tori and I shared a smile, then, with a cheeky nose twitch, she climbed into bed behind Joshua, forming her body to his back as the big spoon. I chuckled, thinking about how amazing his wake-up would be. In turn, I climbed into bed and big-spooned my wonderful, lovely, slutty, perfect bride, and together we quickly joined the other two in contented slumber.