"Do you think this is okay?" Becky asked stepping out of her room. "I'm not sure about the way it shows my underwear here on the hip."
"Do you have anything smaller, with string rather than the thick black band thats showing?"
"Like a G-string. No not really, I've always thought if underwear ends up that small why am I bothering?"
"So why are you bothering?"
"Well... They often say that with a little black dress you should go without..."
"Thats not really a little black dress though, its a long skirt and a boob tube. Plus its red!"
"Hey its better than all the other prom dresses I tried."
Becky had spent some time looking for dresses for her law department university ball. She was one of very few girls who had taken this course as it was new to the university. As a result many of the boys took a real shine to her, especially as in her late teens she had bloomed into a really beautiful young woman. A few months before this we had thrown and engagement party that ended up being legendary among not only her friends but the whole university.
The engagement party caused Becky's reputation at university to change dramatically, She was always known as a pretty girl but one who never showed much skin or did anything particularly daring. In our night out to celebrate our engagement she had gone out wearing just her short trench coat and nothing underneath. Her friends spent the whole evening trying to validate just what she was wearing until we confirmed verbally and then showed glimpses of naked skin under the coat. As the evening wore on Becky was receiving more and more attention and seemed to love it so much that it really turned her on. She teased me by suggesting she would strip out the coat if her friends weren't there and I managed to devise a way to get them out the club. Then the real events came after her friends had left and the stories of her daring striptease followed us everywhere long after that evening, peoples videos and pictures circulated online and it was difficult for Becky for a while.
She had spent a few weeks in denial of it all and tried to carry on as if nothing had ever happened. She hoped that because when she stripped naked that because all her friends had been kicked out of the club that they wouldn't believe any stories they heard. But when the videos and pictures started to appear online and on peoples phones it became hard to deny, though most the shots were dark and blurry other people at the club had recognised Becky and then friends recognised her on the videos meaning she'd had a hard time living down that evening's events. She couldn't deny it as there was proof almost everywhere she looked and for a while everywhere she went someone would wolf whistle and ask her for a lap dance or if they could see under her coat.
So then eventually rather than deny it she accepted it and took it on the chin, she began to play on it more and more and though she continued to dress more conservatively she would allow people to pretend she had neglected her underwear or that she would be getting naked later. These ideas soon became a common joke between her friends that never went anywhere and despite being founded in a truth of the past people began to give up hope Becky would do anything like it again. That was until the prom.
Becky had looked at various dresses of various lengths and though I liked the idea of one of the short black ones with no back but she opted for a different approach. When she went out wearing just the coat she had gained a lot of positive comments about her legs that until then she had never been keen to display, she then realised she had great legs and loved peoples positive comments. But she had always felt her best feature was her flat stomach and this prom dress she had chosen would show that off fully. A gorgeous deep red two piece that hugged her form and showed off skin.
The dress was really two elements, a long skirt from hip to toe that was made of light material that flowed elegantly while staying close to her form. Then there was a strapless top that was basically just a tube around her breasts that didn't quite meet at the back where two parallel pieces of string tied and left a few inches gap, clearly showing the lack of a bra or anything else underneath. The concern Becky now had was the skirt had a similar tie around the waistline, it had a slit all the way up one leg that met where two strings tied and left a gap. She had tried to wear her smallest black underwear but it stood out like a sore thumb and her red panties clashed horribly with the rich dark red of the skirt.
"Shall I just go without then?" Becky grinned playfully.
"Well, you've done it before! And everyone always jokes about it!" I encouraged.
"Yeah but I don't think anyone expects it to be true anymore, this will be more obvious."
"You love it." I stated firmly knowing full well she was going to do it anyway.
"I loved the tease last time and its been a good while since my last bit of excitement. But it cant go as far as last time this is my subject ball, with all the people I studied with for three years and all our professors and lecturers too. This is just a tease." Becky explained as she hooked her thumbs in her underwear and slowly lowered it off her hips until it fell under her skirt to the floor and she stepped away from it entirely. "Oh my..." She giggled.
Becky had insisted on walking all the way to the ball which was the other side of town. This meant walking for an hour, at times through busy areas of the city dressed in a suit and Becky's red outfit. She looked stunning with her dark shoulder length hair and make up was immaculate, her finger and toe nails were painted red to match her dress and lipstick and her thick dark eyeshadow brought attention to her stunning sky blue eyes. She complimented her Skirt and top with long black sparkly gloves that covered her arms all the way to her shoulders and her black open toed heels made her taller than I was used to. To top it off she had a black feather boa wrapped around her neck to keep her warm, a pathetic gesture as her entire middle was completely exposed.
It seemed we were walking forever and so many people stared as we walked past. Many made comments but mostly just to each other as they stood in awe of Becky as she confidently walked past having never looked better.
"This slit is very dangerous, the material is so light even the slightest breeze or movement threatens to pull it away!" Becky complained as we hit a quieter stretch of path.
"What can we do?"
"Not a lot. Just learn to enjoy it!" Becky shrugged as we finally approached the old building that was hosting the ball.
"What is this building?" I asked staring up at the stone columns and large arched windows.
"It's an old guild building, I'm not sure which one." Becky answered without much interest in my question. As we approached the steps a familiar voice called out.
"Becky is that you? Oh wow! I know you have great legs, look at you showing some more of the goods!" Rachel shouted as she quickly walked toward us and greeted us.
"Well look at you, boobs all out on show! These law folk wont know what hit them!" Becky giggled pointing at Rachel's backless gaping dress. "Lets go inside."
Rachel wasn't studying law but Becky's friend Jon had asked her to attend. Each student was allowed a plus one, hence my attendance and that of many other people. It was mostly guys who studied physics but loads of people had gone and though outnumbered there were plenty of glamorously dressed young women all looking good.
Becky however looked better than good and as soon as she walked into the hall all eyes seemed to turn to her. She smiled as we walked in to be greeted by a number of people, Jon and Andrew immediately appeared as did their housemates Callum and Chris who had all enjoyed Becky's antics online after our engagement party and loved the idea she may do something like it again, their faces were a picture when she walked in.
"Becky, all joking aside. You are gorgeous. You look fantastic." Andrew sincerely beamed.
"Aw, thanks Andrew thats probably the nicest thing you've ever said."
"You do though." Callum added with a jitter as his voice creeped out from his long hair, he was a lot more shy than the tall and loud Andrew.
The guys stayed in a group all night, occasionally making conversation with Rachel and her housemates Stella and Miriam who had come as guests of the boys. Who actually came with who was unclear as it was all based around friendship rather than an actual date and everyone seemed to just enjoy spending time out in a different environment.
The ball started with a sit down meal before some toasts and awards for various things like "Most outrageous hair." "Best question during a lecture." and a host of other random awards that had people laughing.
"And now we have an award we weren't sure how to name, so its simply - Who we are most likely to remember - Rebecca White! Becky come up here." They beckoned as all eyes moved to Becky who rose from her seat next to me. "My word, look at you. Tonight proving once again why you won't be forgotten." Jack, the head of the debate team commented as she walked toward him at the front of the room where everyones attention was focused. "You win this because for two and a half years we finally had someone who was equally clever, beautiful and kind. And then you went viral on the internet and we couldn't believe it was the same person!" Jack continued to huge applause. Becky raised her arm and small plaque in the air soaking in the applause with good humour.
Becky returned to our table with a red face as she appeared embarrassed. She hoped at least the lecturers hadn't seen her antics from our engagement party but at this point she just wanted to celebrate the fast approaching end of university and some good time with her friends. We'd all been steadily drinking as Chris and Andrew were keeping a constant supply coming to our table so that when the band had set up and music began we were all really keen to dance immediately.
"Becky... are you wearing underwear?" Rachel bluntly asked reaching her arm around Becky's shoulder. "Ooh your feather boa tickles!" She continued in her slightly drunken stupor.
"Hey don't start I'm wearing a lot more than at the engagement party!" Becky mockingly answered.
"Well, more items, I'm not sure you're more covered." Chris commented frankly.
"Well. That's probably true, but I haven't got my legs on display like then."
"No you haven't and thats a shame, but there's a large slit in your skirt showing us a good glimpse and you've never shown off your stomach like you are so that's pretty awesome." Jon added.
"Do you like it?" Becky asked sounding happy and tipsy. "Or would you rather see my legs?"
"Well.. I think I can speak for all the guys when I say it'd be great to see both!" Jon answered quite boldly.
"Really? Wouldn't that be too much?"
"Not at all!" Andrew roared bursting into the group conversation. "Get your legs out. I dare you!"
"Do you now? And how do you suppose I will get my legs out? - Anyway if you dare me, I dare you!" Becky responded firmly.
"You dare me what?" Andrew asked in surprise.
"I dare all the boys to go ask the girl they've had a crush on for a date."
"What makes you think we have a crush on anyone, or that they're even here?" Chris asked trying to sound more sure of himself than actually came across.
"Come on! You're all single boys, you've definitely all had crushes - now's the time to do something!"
"And if we do? Then what? What will you do?" Jon asked Becky directly.
"I'll... I'm not sure."
"Why don't you try and use your top as a skirt and your feather boa can cover your top? Or maybe the boa can be a skirt?" Rachel suggested clearly trying to hurry these events along as she sucked her cocktail through a straw and watched us, fascinated by it all.
"That's very brave!" Callum coughed. "Will it work?"
"I'm not sure. But It doesn't matter, no way will you all do my dare!" Becky confidently teased.
"Oh that's it, you're on! Come on boys, don't anyone let us down!" Andrew commanded as the boys all walked off. I followed them to see what they would do and check they wouldn't just make up what they did leaving Becky talking to Rachel, Stella and Miriam. Andrew then turned to me.
"Look, I never wanted to say anything because I respect you and your relationship so would never have done anything. But I've fancied Becky since our first week, I'm pretty sure all the boys have, if not all the law students! But I just wanted to check this was ok and if I tell her that you wont be mad?"
"Andrew.. Wow that's very good of you thanks. I don't mind you telling her. Truth is I'd like to see her lose the long skirt too!" I answered honestly, laughing at the words I uttered.
"Great! Lets do this!" Andrew bellowed as he huddled with the boys before they all walked off in different directions.
I walked back over to Becky who was deep in fits of laughter with the girls but she still smiled when she saw me. Andrew appeared shortly after and with everyone watching quite sincerely said he had always had a soft spot for Becky but never said anything because of his respect for our relationship. At first she smirked but then gasped a sympathetic "Aww" as she hugged him briefly. He spluttered as her feather boa tickled his face and it made everyone laugh enough to let the moment pass without too much awkwardness.
I had almost forgotten about the dares by the time the other boys returned, Chris looking really happy while Callum and Jon seemed their usual nervy selves. Chris explained he's always wanted to ask this girl Claire out and she said she'd been waiting ages and wondered if he ever would. Jon and Callum looked downcast as they mumbled about rejection. We never did find out who they asked or exactly what happened. But as the final guy explained his dare everyones eyes fixed on Becky.
"Your turn." Andrew calmly but firmly stated. "We want those legs."
"Really? Oh god. I'm not sure I can I'd be almost topless and the skirt would be tiny! Plus Professor Taylor is over there..." She replied sounding worried.
"Hey! We did our bit, legs!" Andrew quickly answered.
"You really like my legs don't you?" Becky continued, seemingly buying some time while working up her confidence.
"We really do. And you never show them. So..." Jon added in response.
Becky sighed and then nodded before she walked off alone to the ladies room. I really wasn't sure what she would look like when she returned but my heart was beating out my chest as the thought of her wearing so little both scared me to death and turned me on in equal measure. I'd almost forgotten about her lack of underwear until then and also remembered that not only was her top very short but it had ties at the back she would somehow have to do up leaving a gap without a safety net of anything underneath. Then her top half would just be left so exposed, admittedly the feather boa and gloves were offering a lot of extra cover to her but without the top I wasn't sure what would happen. But then we found out.
"Holy shit!" Andrew loudly stated as his jaw opened wide.
"Look!!" Another voice gasped as Becky approached through the darkness illuminated only by passing disco lights of various colours.
Becky had followed Rachel's suggestion and moved her top down to be a skirt, this was incredibly short, 5-6 inches at most. Then where it had originally tied behind her back she had the gap on her hip similar to the tie on the longer skirt but more pronounced as it reached further around her. Rather than tie both top and bottom strings she opted just to tie the top ones leaving a slit up the entire side of the tiny skirt. Her long toned legs where now fully exposed and looked phenomenal as she walked over.  Becky had her feather boa wrapped around her neck and the two ends simply draped down over her breasts while she held the ends, you couldn't see much breast but her stomach was exposed between a gap of skin from her belly, between her pert breasts to her face. Her back was almost completely uncovered say for the feathers around her neck. Between needing to constantly adjust the skirt up and down and hold the boa over her chest it was a miracle she hadn't shown even more than this.
"Here you go boys." She confidently stated as she stood shifting her weight from foot to foot. "What do you think?"
"Damn Becky that's insane! This is the sexiest thing I've ever seen. You're actually topless!" Chris enthused, shocked by her sheer bravery.
"Yeah pretty much! Better keep hold of these!" Becky laughed holding the ends of her boa.
"Wearing just a coat was brave, this is a lot more obvious! Aren't you nervous wearing so little?" Callum asked anxiously.
"I am very nervous. But its a tingly kind of nerve that I can sort of enjoy, plus I've shown more in public before so this is a little less daunting." Becky answered cooly.
"Did you try the boa as a skirt?" Rachel asked still slurping on a drink.
"Yeah... didn't like it as much and it felt like it was going to fall off!" She explained still laughing at her strange predicament.
"Turn around would you?" I asked, still stunned by her brazen attitude.
Becky span around revealing just how short the makeshift skirt was at the back. The top was stretched tightly over her firm ass and covered only half of it. She had pulled the material to the middle so a huge amount of butt crack was on view at the top and then at the bottom you could see a huge amount of ass that then joined the top of her long legs.
"I wasn't sure what to do there, have all the skin on show at the top or bottom so went for the middle!"
"Erm.. Wow! And so clearly completely without underwear!.. Erm, where is your other skirt?" Callum asked struggling to get his words out.
"Oh, its still in the cloakroom. Actually could you get it for me?" Becky requested sounding a little worried. "If I lose that.. Well we walked here!..."
"No no no, you aren't walking home don't worry about that. We're having an after party at our house after this and people can just crash there if they want. We can all share a cab." Andrew stated in a real matter of fact way. Becky nodded while her thoughts clearly lay elsewhere.
"Miss White, might I have a word?" An older voice requested as if out of nowhere. We turned around to see Professor Taylor stood behind Becky. "Becky I'm a little concerned by some of the things I've been hearing and I wouldn't have believed them until I saw what you are wearing... or not wearing now. I'm not sure this is fitting behaviour of any young woman let alone one so close to graduating from this esteemed university, or engaged to be married."
"Well... Professor, with all due respect how I dress has nothing to do with my law degree or this university and in regard to your other point if I where single my behaviour would be seen as an attempt to get male attention, to publicly broadcast what you can have. Well I'm not available and if anything this is look at what you can't have. Do you like it sir?" She fiercely responded full of emotion and alcohol.
"Miss White you are an attractive young girl and I meant only to warn you. You may have been coerced or acting out of character due to alcohol or peer pressure. I strongly encourage you to think how your parents would feel if they saw you as you are." Professor Taylor sternly replied.
"They would... they would actually be amazed I have the confidence to dress like this because growing up I was shy, I thought I was ugly, I was bullied and I was miserable. Now look, I'm beautiful and just about every guy in this place wishes they were with me." Becky answered firmly before walking away from the Professor toward the cloakrooms. As she walked Callum and Rachel reappeared.
"We cant find your skirt anywhere!" Rachel screamed in concern. Becky followed her and was gone for some time before coming back without the skirt. "I hope it turns up. Did it cost much?" Rachel asked delicately.
"No not really but I'd like to have it, plus look at me, it's not really an outfit right now! I can't believe its gone who would take that?"
"You do look amazing. Try not to worry you can pull it off." Rachel reassured.
"I hope so because I feel like I'm hanging out all over the place!" Becky laughed. It was true her skirt was showing half her ass and her top wasn't even a top just lots of feathers covering her breasts and shoulders like a burlesque dancer. She still had her long gloves on but there was a lot of skin on show and she had little choice but to embrace it.
Becky joined Rachel and the other girls on the dance floor for a while, she managed to turn the feather boa into part of her dancing, no longer wrapped around her neck she simply let it drape across her back while she held the ends over her front. It was so puffy that in the darkness it was difficult to see that she was technically topless and with girls all around her in various states of dress she didn't actually stand out too much.
We all continued to dance and drink and enjoy the evening until people started to leave. Andrew signalled that we should all head off and everyone gathered at the doors as the music stopped and lights came on full. We walked down the stairs from the hall and people could suddenly see exactly just how exposed Becky was now she was in the bright lights.
"Bloody hell. You really aren't wearing much are you?" Jon gawped as he walked alongside Becky. She just giggled and obviously didn't have much to say in response as eight of us headed outside looking for the taxi cabs we had ordered. Two black cabs turned up after a few minutes and we split into two groups, all the guys wanted to travel with Becky but it ended up being Rachel, Jon, Becky and myself in one and everyone else in the other. As Rachel stepped inside the middle aged driver turned around looking through his glass screen into the back of the cab to greet us.
"Hello! Where can I take you?"
"Newton Road please." Jon answered just as the driver caught an eye of Rachel's partially exposed chest.
"Wow, where have you lot been?" He asked just as Becky climbed in last. "Woah! Wow, what are you wearing?" He continued excitedly catching a good view of Becky.
"What me?" Becky looked up as she sat near the glass screen between the driver and rear of the cab. She paused before answering in a very innocent but provocative way. "I'm wearing these black shoes... these long sleeved gloves... This tiny little skirt..." She continued standing up inside the cab so he could get a better view. "...And... Well I've got this feather boa... and not much else."
"Don't you have a top on? Wow look at you, you're the sexiest thing I've ever seen. How old are you?"
"21."
"21, Damn. I've never seen a skirt like that. I can see most of your behind, I'm surprised I can't see your underwear underneath!"
"I thought it was more obvious." She giggled "I'm not wearing any." She then whispered loudly.
"Get out! No! Really?"
"Really. Look here where it ties up. Nothing underneath." Becky explained showing her exposed hip to the driver.
"Did you go out dressed like this?" The driver continued, fascinated by Becky as he drove - constantly looking at her in his mirror.
"I was wearing a longer skirt and this was my top but my friends dared me to take off the skirt and do this."
"And you just did it?"
"No not at first, they all had to do dares for me."
"So did you take off your underwear then too?"
"No I didn't wear any all evening. It was fun walking through town with the breeze up my legs and around my stomach."
"I've seen a lot of things in my days but I've never seen such a pretty girl wearing so little."
"You should have seen her, she spent the last few hours dancing around the ball dressed like that. Teasing all the boys!" Rachel called to the driver.
"I bet. Bloody hell! Do you do this kind of thing often?" The driver responded keenly.
"No. Just one other time."
"Yeah she went out wearing just a coat, and ended up stripping in a nightclub. Theres videos all over the internet!" Jon loudly explained struggling to get his words out clearly in his drunken state.
The driver pulled down Newton Road where Jon, Andrew and the boys lived and stopped in a gap. We all stood up to climb out.
"How much do we owe you?" Jon asked.
"Well thats kind of up to her." The driver responded looking at Becky.
"What do you mean?"
"Well if she lets me take a picture or two I'll let you have this one for free."
Becky giggled and gestured it was ok. Rachel and Jon got out the car but I stayed inside to make sure nothing major happened or that she wasn't kidnapped or worse.
"When I say a picture or two. Can you... show me a little more?" He suggested gently.
"What did you have in mind?" Becky smouldered holding her feather boa over her chest.
"Well I can see your legs, I can see your stomach. Id like to see more of your top."
"Oh I see. You want me to lose the boa." Becky affirmed. "I'll see what I can do."
She stood up as far as she could in the back of the cab while the driver pointed a camera phone through the glass at her. She sat on the back seat with her knees together pointing them at just enough of an angle that the driver couldn't see right up her skirt. She then looked down at the feather boa resting on her shoulders and slowly let it drop further and further down behind her, holding the ends over her breasts before letting go entirely but keeping her hands over her boobs. She then began to move her hands more and more over her breasts rubbing them sensually until her hands moved so low down body that her hands no longer covered her firm round breasts and this revealed her gorgeous pink nipples to the driver, she then ran her hands through her hair which tightened her stomach and gave him a fantastic sexy view.
"Perfect." The driver whispered.
"What's that?" Becky asked in response.
"Your breasts. Absolutely perfect..." He sighed.
As the driver still watched in awe at the now topless Becky in the back of his cab she licked her lips and looked him in the eye. She quickly moving her legs so her knees pointed the opposite direction meaning that the strings holding her skirt together now faced the driver rather than away from him, for the briefest of seconds the driver must have seen up her skirt because as she sat I could see it had ridden so high up her legs it was basically just a belt around her waistline.  She slowly reached for the strings holding the skirt together and ran her fingers over them. The driver nodded furiously before she smiled and slowly untied them, she then parted the material just enough that he got a complete view of her naked side. From head to toe down that side she was exposed. Becky then raised her leg that was nearest to the driver and crossed her legs so they were facing away from him. She then pulled the skirt and because of its minute length it came away in her hand without resistance and she held it up for a moment like a prize while the sweating driver wiped his forehead.
Suddenly there was a tap at the window of the cab and we saw the silhouettes of all Becky's friends trying to look in. Thankfully the glass had fogged up and it was almost impossible to see inside as Becky sat there wearing nothing but her shoes and long gloves. Becky then looked up at the driver.
"Will that be enough?"
"Can you stand up?" He requested struggling to get his words out.
"Yes I'll stand up in a minute when I've put my clothes back on."
"No I mean can you stand up now while you're naked."
"Oh... Well... you wanted to see my chest, I gave you that and a little more..."
"Please! I'll pay you!" He begged.
"You'll pay me? I'm not a stripper!"
"No I didn't mean like that I just mean I'll do anything!"
"You like it that much?"
"Fuck yes!"
At this point Becky decided she wasn't quite finished and began to uncross her legs before quickly crossing them the other way so her legs were now facing him not away from him and he could see more. Between her legs you could just see skin and it was hard to know where her pussy ended and stomach began. The driver was now straining for a better view, a better angle as he continued to hold his phone up to the glass.
"What you looking for there?"
"Where your hair is?"
"My hair?" Becky asked innocently. "My hair is on my head."
"No your other hair, your hair below!"
"Well good luck with that I have no hair anywhere but my head. I'm shaven all over."
"You're shaved? Oh my..." He commented as he began to shudder and role his eyes.
"You ok there sir? I'm going to go now. I think our friends have waited long enough." Becky stated as she wrapped the feather boa over her shoulders and then began to re tie her top as a skirt again. We opened the door and climbed out, Becky turned and blew the driver a kiss as he shook his head in disbelief.
"Becky what the hell did you just do in there?" Jon asked, shocked by the idea she might have stripped to pay the taxi driver.
"I gave him a tip." Becky answered confidently.
"A tip! We could see you! Not clearly but the lights in the cab meant we could see your hazy outline through the fog and I swear you just got naked!" Andrew explained excitedly. "Bloody hell you love this! You're an exhibitionist! And yet again you get naked when none of us can see!"
"Well he didn't see everything, I kept my legs crossed."
"Oh well thats different then isn't it? Being naked but with your legs crossed!" Chris interjected sarcastically.
"Well it is actually." Becky responded sharply.
"If its so different I think you should sit inside naked... but with your legs crossed of course." Chris added sounding quite pleased with himself.
"Fine! I will and you'll see the difference!" Becky stubbornly answered, perhaps not fully thinking what she had just agreed too.
We all headed inside and found places to sit down. The boys house had two large sofas and a table in the corner with additional seats around it. Becky and I ended up on the end of one of the sofas as Callum handed around drinks to everyone and put some music on while people chatted. Chris was talking to Jon and Andrew while Becky had gone upstairs to use the bathroom and freshen up, she crept down the staircase which ran alongside the living room meaning everyone could see her coming down, she held her hand over the front of her skirt in an effort to stop people seeing her shaved pussy between her legs. Everyone went silent and watched her as she slowly came and sat next to me.
"Right Becky. Prove to us how you keeping your legs crossed is any different to just being naked." Andrew challenged.
"Well I'd obviously still be naked. I just meant you can't see everything and thats why its different."
"Hey don't back down now. You were adamant outside and agreed to prove it." Chris barked sounding almost annoyed.
"So just sit here and take everything off?" Becky asked with reluctance. Chris looked back expectantly and nodded.
"You act all shy and reserved but we saw the videos of you in that club and you were 100% naked there. You just said that this was different so why wont you prove it?"
"It's different because you're all my friends and I have to see you again!.. But I will show you if you really want."
"Well of course we really want that!" Chris answered turning to the guys who all nodded in approval.
"Oh." Becky replied passively, seemingly giving in to the requests of the group.
Becky looked around the room full of expectant faces. She couldn't really back out now she had put herself in a corner and after an entire evening of teasing them and wearing ridiculous clothing she sat in a living room almost required to remove even that. She first lifted her left arm and tugged gently on the fingers of her long gloves before sliding the whole thing off her arm quite slowly, she then repeated the process on her other arm at which point the boys all leaned as far forward as they could almost salivating at the prospect.  Becky looked up and smirked, even the girls sat fascinated as she began to play with the strings holding her skirt together, she pulled on them and left them untied so the skirt just sat over the very tops of her thighs. Becky then slowly lifted one leg over the other to cross her legs.
"It's different. You can't see anything." She stated again almost trying to convince herself as much as the others.
With her feather boa still covering her breasts she ensured it was also covering between her legs too as she very slowly pulled the skirt away from her body revealing her beautiful naked hips. Her thighs now met her abdomen and she was totally naked apart from shoes and her feather boa.
"Well lose the feathers too!" Andrew burst out impatiently. Becky looked up and smiled at him while she slowly moved her hands underneath the boa and seductively up her body until her hands covered her breasts.
"Could you please pull the boa away?" She turned and whispered to me.
I pulled the boa slowly, it slid up her legs and up her abdomen, over her hands and then completely away from her. Becky sat crossed legged with her hands over her breasts completely naked, her closest university friends all staring at her in stunned silence unsure what to do or say.
"See. You can't see anything." Becky stated.
"Oh we can see a hell of a lot!" Andrew gasped as he almost collapsed onto Chris.
"Ok well I think you've had enough. Can I borrow your jacket please?" Becky turned and asked me. I put it over her shoulders and she managed to wriggle her arms into the sleeves without revealing her breasts to everyone. The boys moaned she had covered up but Becky was adamant she wasn't giving anymore.
After chatting for a while the guys all but gave up on Becky removing any more of her clothing however we did half make plans for a last day out as a group and it was suggested we all went to the beach where it was more likely Becky would undress. After this peoples tiredness began to really show and they started to go very quiet and I could see Stella and Callum in their chairs nodding off to sleep. Chris poked Callum who jumped and decided he'd had enough and disappeared upstairs to his bedroom. Chris offered Stella and Miriam his bed and he would go in Callum's room on the floor which I thought was decent of him and they appreciated the gesture and all went upstairs.
I could see Becky was really tired as she reclined on the sofa while Jon, Andrew and Rachel all continued quiet conversation at the table. Becky then decided to kick her shoes off and lay down onto the sofa, her legs parted which would have given an eyeful to the others if the ends of her boa weren't resting between her legs, on top of my jacket keeping her covered. It was wrapped around her shoulders and resting across her. At first her hands held the boa in place but as she began to drop off to sleep her arms fell away but luckily her boa didn't move and kept between her legs covered.
Jon, Andrew and Rachel all decided to call it a night soon after as it was so late dawn wouldn't have been to far away. Andrew and Jon went up to their rooms while Rachel lay on the other sofa with a blanket the guys had given her. I put my dinner jacket over Becky and lay behind, spooning her as she groggily moved from reclining in the seat to laying on her side. Rachel looked over at us and whispered.
"You don't mind me being here do you?"
"Not at all." I whispered back. "Can't imagine any of us will get the best nights sleep."
"No probably not, I definitely can't sleep in this dress."
"Well take it off, you've got a blanket to cover you." I suggested innocently.
"Yeah but I might get hot under it. And I'm..."
"What?" I asked more urgently as Rachel hesitated.
"Well. Taking after Becky..."
"What do you mean?"
"She's not wearing anything underneath her dress." Becky mumbled in response to the conversation taking place across her.
"Oh right! Well... I see."
"Ah. Like you say I've got the blanket." Rachel asserted as she pulled the blanket up to her neck and wriggled underneath it. Her arm appeared out the side of the blanket with her short black dress dangling from a finger before she let it fall to the floor. She winked at me as I looked over at her, stunned by this brazen gesture.
Rachel giggled as she turned away from me to try and sleep while I was left laying there a little shell shocked that she had stripped down like that. Becky began to wriggle in front of me as we lay front to back.
"You like that?" Becky whispered.
"Like what?"
"Rachel."
"I... I..."
"It's ok. I liked it too." Becky murmured as she pulled my hand under the jacket over her breast and relaxed as if to fall asleep.
I woke several hours later hearing footsteps above us. In front of me Becky's arm had drooped off the sofa, I moved my arm which was still wrapped around her just enough to move. As I moved behind her Becky stirred and gasped a huge breath of air as she awoke, stretching her arms and legs out rigidly with a silent yawn. She looked around the room seeing Rachel still facing away from us silently on the other sofa. Becky then sat up and stretched out. As Becky woke further she seemed to realise where she was and what was going on and stood up.
"Oh god." She sighed as if remembering something important.
"What's up?" I asked in response.
"How the hell are we going to get back to my flat? Look at me!"
"I don't know but a lot of people enjoyed it and you looked hot!"
"Well.. good. But really what are we going to do? Walk? Cab? Either way I look a bit of a mess."
"Well what do you wanna do? We can get a cab? Or walk to try and re establish your bravery?" I suggested gently.
"Ugh... Well. I dunno, maybe a cab is the best option. Perhaps we can get another free ride." Becky joked helplessly.
Becky stood up in my jacket, it was too big for her and the buttons tied together halfway down her abdomen so she left a phenomenal amount of cleavage on display. The jacket also proved to be a similar length to her makeshift skirt so she decided to leave that off. The others slowly stirred and you could hear footsteps up stairs. Rachel stirred and looked over at Becky.
"Naked under another coat I see?"
"Well. You're naked under a blanket." Becky retorted with a giggle.
"I am that." Rachel confirmed quickly flashing her leg and side out the blanket catching me by surprise.
At this point Chris and Callum appeared into their living room wearing boxer shorts and T-Shirts. "Come on everyone time to get up!" Chris boomed passionately. Rachel groaned from the sofa at his volume. "Come on! UP UP UP!" Chris continued as he grabbed the blanket covering Rachel and pulled hard.
"No!!" She screamed loudly as the blanket flew away from her beautiful naked body. She gasped and immediately tried to cover as much of her breasts and pussy as she could with her arms as she lay otherwise motionless.
"Shit sorry!" Chris laughed awkwardly as he threw the blanket back at her. "Bloody hell didn't expect to see that today!"
"I didn't expect to show that today!"
"You'd best get dressed before the other boys reappear. We'll see you all later." Becky said to Rachel, Chris and Callum. "We need to go, I'm tired and want a shower." She then stated to me as she put on her shoes before she grabbed her gloves, boa and top/skirt. I was as ready as I was going to be and we crept out the house without seeing the others.
The heat hit us immediately as the sun beamed down on the quiet humid morning.
"So are we walking?" I asked as Becky strolled off.
"Well do you really wanna pay a cab? Anyway its a lovely day and I fancy a walk."
"No but its a long way and... Well are you dressed for it?" I asked looking at Becky as she walked backward in my suit jacket, her long legs exposed and while her chest was half hanging out of the open neck of my jacket above its buttons, revealing a lot of cleavage and even the sides of her boobs as it plunged down almost to her belly button. The whole jacket was too big for her and sat very loose on her athletic frame. "You could have worn that jacket on top of the boa and Skirt?"
"Where's the fun in that? Plus that'd be rather hot I'm melting as it is!" Becky laughed dancing along the street.
It was really quiet as we walked back across the town, a complete contrast to the previous evening as the sun blazed rather than the cool dark air of the night before and rather than a pulsating city we saw very few people about in these early hours of the day - just a few walking to work or popping their heads out of their houses. Becky was enjoying herself but still came across shy and reserved when people appeared.
Each time we saw someone from afar she would put her hand up to flick her hair hair as some kind of defence mechanism. We didn't get too many people walk along the same path as us but a few raced past us without giving a second look to Becky, however one or two young men walked the other way to us and as they got closer to us would give a long stare to Becky who would smile at them before looking down and flicking her hair again. The more people we passed though the more confident she seemed to feel and soon her head was held high.
"Good grief its hot. This jacket is burning in the sun!" Becky sighed. "Feel my shoulders."
"Blimey yeah thats hot." I responded having felt the heat on her back.
"I'll swap you, your shirt for the jacket!" She laughed, though somewhat sincere in her suggestion.
"I dunno, I'd look pretty silly wearing just that and I'm not sure I like the idea of putting that jacket on in this heat. Why don't you put your skirt back on with your boa?"
"My boa? Thats black too that'll get really hot! Even if it does cover less... I know, I've got a crazy idea!" Becky excitedly stated as we stopped in the narrow doorway of a high street store. You could hear peoples footsteps and the cars nearby as she took her top that I'd been holding and put it back around her waist returning it to its function as a makeshift skirt.
"Give me your suspenders." She demanded looking at the two black loops over my shoulders.
"My suspenders?" I asked feeling shocked and confused.
"You know, your braces, the things holding your trousers up, give them here."
"What for?"
"So I can wear them!"
I was unsure what she was going to do but unhooked them and handed them to her. She then looked around the area worriedly before she quickly took off the jacket leaving her standing just out of sight of a very public area completely topless. She then began to put my trouser braces over her shoulders. My heart raced as I began to understand her idea.
"You cant!" I gasped in disbelief.
"Don't you think they're wide enough?" Becky asked as two black bands all of two inches wide plunged over her shoulders and down over her nipples leaving the rest of her perky boobs on display.
"Theres a hell of a lot left on show! And they're designed to hold trousers up, you're wearing a tiny skirt that they will just pull right up!"
"I'll have to have them quite loose then." Becky reasoned as she tried to attach the clips from the two narrow bands of the suspenders to the front of her skirt and the one band at the back to the middle of the rear of her skirt.
As soon as she let go the braces catapulted her skirt up to her belly button and briefly left her standing completely bottomless with her beautiful bald pussy and firm ass on show. She gasped and pulled the skirt down but it wouldn't stay around her hips. She then tried to loosen the braces but when they got too loose she found they wouldn't stay covering her nipples.
"What do you think?" Becky asked sweetly as she pulled the skirt down to where it should be which also gave enough tension to the suspenders to just about keep them covering her nipples, even if the rest of her breasts and top were well and truly on out to see.
"I don't know..." I hesitantly answered. My heart was beating so hard I felt quite faint as the prospect of her walking along the streets like this made me dizzy. "There are people around!"
"Yeah. Do you think it'll be ok?" Becky hurriedly asked me as she began to peak out from the doorway that had kept her hidden from public view. She looked both ways and clearly decided to just go for it as she stepped out and stood a few feet from me. We were halfway down a high street full of shops and no cars could get to this part of town but a few people walked up and down the street as a shortcut or to access the shops they worked in before they opened.
"I'll walk to the end and see what happens." Becky said as she cautiously began to walk, stuck holding her skirt tightly at her hips to make sure the thin band of my suspenders remained tight on her breasts and that the skirt didn't fly up.
Because of the way she had to hold it all she had no choice of what to do with her arms as a young man appeared around the corner and headed toward us. Becky turned and winced as we all kept walking with the man getting nearer and nearer. Becky couldn't move her arms up to cover her breasts any more than they were so was forced to leave just the thin black material of the suspenders covering a minimal amount of her breasts. She had to continue regardless, chin up as if the man weren't there. He looked up from staring down at his phone and did a double take on Becky before looking confused by her attire. He then clearly took a picture or two as we passed with Becky smiling confidently as she faced forward.
"You ok?" I asked quietly.
"I'm good! You?" Becky replied acting as if nothing at all were abnormal. "This is great!"
We kept walking and turned onto a busier road with cars running alongside. As it was early there weren't as many as normal but the idea so many people would see Becky this exposed was really turning us both on, just for a second they may realise what she was wearing and then by the time they see it would be too late.
We walked for another five or ten minutes like this, Becky steadily as she could so she could hold her skirt and suspenders in place. In the beaming sun her body looked fantastic with her long tight legs on full display, her toned stomach and perky breasts well exposed and while she walked she remained trapped in this position holding the hips of her skirt so that neither the front or back of it flew up under the pull of the suspenders. She looked phenomenal.
We heard a few cars beeping horns as they passed before we turned down the dead end road that her apartment building was at the end of. As we walked down we could see the owner of the pool club that was directly underneath her building clearing up the outside from the night before. Becky kept going but slowed down and seemed to try and be as quiet as possible. We stood at the main door to the building as Becky asked me to find her keys that I'd been looking after. I struggled to rummage through my Jacket while still holding her gloves and feather boa while looking for the keys.
The bar and pool club owner then looked up and saw us.
"Good night?" He shouted our way.
"Great thanks!" Becky enthused as she turned to face him.
"Bloody hell! Have you walked far like that?" The man roared as he stared her up and down.
"About an hour from the other side of town. I thought I'd make the most of the hot weather!" Becky giggled shifting her weight from one leg to the other as he stared intently at her nearly naked body.
"You're brave! And you're not even trying to cover yourself now! You're just standing with your arms at your side, not scared at all!"
"I'm feeling quite adventurous today. Don't get me wrong I'm nervous, but I have to hold it all like this anyway."
"Why's that then?
- Becky giggled sweetly. "I cant move much, if I move my hands my skirt will be pulled up and my boobs will be exposed."
"Your boobs will be exposed? I can see most of them now as you're pretty much topless and theres not much skirt there either! That is about as small as they come! Look at you!" He continued to ramble while trying to get a good look all around her front and back from where he stood. "Wow, your ass is literally hanging out! You're not wearing anything underneath that are you? Wow.. just wow!"
"I'm pretty much showing it all aren't I." Becky confidently smiled.
"Well, its not quite all there but very close. Can't you move your hands at all?" The man continued.
"No I can't move either one, it would pull the skirt up and my nipples would fall free."
"Really? I bet a tenner that's not true." The man challenged clearly hoping for a quick glimpse at more. I thought back to last night and realised it was another bet that caused her to strip down then too.
"You just wanna gimme ten pounds then?"
"If you're right I will!" The man laughed as he tried to imply this was just about being right or wrong not how much skin was on show.
Becky pulled a face and said "You think this tiny skirt will hold these in place?" I couldn't quite believe she was going being so easily drawn into this. While we stood talking a few people left the apartment building and gasped as they saw Becky talking to the man outside his club and stopped to observe.
"I'm willing to take that bet yeah."
The man reached behind him pulled out his wallet, he opened it and you could see a fairly thick wad of notes. He pulled ten out and held it in front of her. The bet seemed to be on.
"What's this? One of the young men who had walked out the apartment building asked me.
"Well she's saying if she doesn't hold her hands where they are on her hips that her skirt will fly up and her breasts will be exposed." I explained to the three of them. Becky turned around and looked at me as I talked and stuck her tongue out playfully, she then saw the three young men also watching the situation and smiled sweetly.
"It doesn't seem like a very fair bet." Becky pondered.
"Oh it seems very fair to me." Said the man.
"Is she for real? How dumb is she?" One of the young guys whispered to his friend. "He's just paying her to see more!"
"I dunno but I can't believe what she's wearing as it is.." His friend excitedly replied. "She can't have anything else on underneath look at her ass..."
"Well if she lets go of her skirt we will find out for sure."
"Something wrong?" The bar owner asked Becky directly.
"Well. If I let go I know I'll be right." Becky stated, she had always loved to be right. "But if I am right I will be quite exposed. Or worse yet if i'm wrong I will owe you Ten pounds. I cant really win."
"You're already quite exposed love! Ok I tell you what, if I'm right and it all stays in place then you don't have to pay me anything. And if You are right I'll give you twenty." The man offered firmly putting his hand out to shake on it.
Becky paused and tilted her head, still rigidly holding her skirt at the sides while she thought about his offer. "Ok." She answered causing the three young guys next to me to pull excited faces.
Becky put her hand out to shake on the deal and weirdly enough nothing happened to her skirt as she let go of her skirt on one side. The man then took her hand and shook it firmly, her body moved as his powerful shake must have loosened up the material that had somehow stuck and almost instantly her skirt pinged up her body completely exposing her shaved pussy and firm round ass. The suspenders fell to the side of her breasts revealing her erect pink nipples while she stood still shaking the mans hand as he looked her up and down.
"Bloody hell!" The bar owner shouted happily.
"Oh my!.." Becky gasped as she tried to cover up holding one hand between her legs and her other arm over her chest.
"C'mon now, let me at least see and get my moneys worth." The man continued.
"I can't!" Becky pleaded.
"If you want to win the bet... And I know you don't want to lose...Show me."
Becky squirmed and looked at the man intently. "Fine." She sharply said before relaxing and letting her arms fall to her side.
As she stood the three strangers near us all looked at her almost naked body intently, she looped her arms under the suspenders and let them fall off her shoulders completely. As the straps fell and she stood completely topless outside her apartment building her skirt now fell back down to her hips no longer supported by the braces.
"Very nice!" The man beamed while the young guys next to me gawped silently in disbelief. "Bet you don't do this kind of thing often?"
"No not often."
"But you have done at least something before! What else have you done?" One of the young men squeaked finally breaking their silence, Becky turned and faced them and bit on her finger seductively while they stared at her naked breasts.
Well a few months ago I went out naked under my coat."
"Woah. What kinda coat? What happened?" The other young man asked with urgency.
"To cut a long story short, I ended up naked in public."
"Like this?"
"No, on stage in a nightclub."
"No way! That was you? I have seen some videos of that online!"
"Oh great!" Becky frowned. "I really need to look at getting that stuff removed!" The young man took his phone out his pocket to use the camera. "Hey! No!" Becky barked as he sheepishly put it away again.
"What the feather boa for? You a burlesque dancer?" The bar owner asked looking at me holding Becky's boa.
"No, I went out wearing that over my dress."
"Your dress?" The man commented sarcastically.
"Yes, I had more dress but was dared to take it off in response to a dare of my own. I spent most of last night wearing just my top as this skirt and then that boa as a makeshift top."
"Now that is kinky! Then this morning you opted for even less with the suspenders?"
"Yes. That was fun." Becky pondered and smiled.
"Wanna have some more fun?" The man asked cautiously.
"What do you have in mind?"
"Do you still have that coat you wore with nothing underneath? And you live up in those flats?"
"Yeah thats right."
"Im willing to bet you wouldn't go get that coat right now wearing only the feather boa." The man tentatively suggested, I could hear two of the guys next to me gasping as they wondered if she would.
"You want me to take off my skirt and just have the feather boa to cover me? Interesting idea. What are you going to bet though because that's asking a lot."
"Fifty pounds? But I'd want proof, film yourself walking through the building or something."
Becky looked at me and gestured I give her the feather boa. We had all almost forgotten she had been stood the whole time completely topless. She took the feather boa and draped it over her shoulders and let it fall over her breasts. It was large and fluffy so covered her well at the front and it was also long enough to fall down over her skirt. But was she really going to wear only the boa? Would she stand there and take off her skirt exposing her ass before walking through the building she had lived in for most of her final two years at university? Despite what had happened the last 24 hours it was a bold move.
"Fifty pounds? And you want me to film it?" Becky paused holding the ties where her skirt was held together.
"Yes, thats right." The bar owner answered. Becky looked him square in the eye with a blank look, almost emotionless. She pulled on the strings holding her skirt together and pulled it away from her body.
"Oh shit!" The guys next to me burst out. "Look at her!"
Becky stood almost naked, the whole of her back exposed, her tight ass looked phenomenal on the top of her long legs. she held the boa between her legs at the front and it was wide enough to automatically cover her breasts.
"Are we on then?" He asked.
"Give me your phone and he will film it for you. You can keep my clothes here 'till we return. And I want £100 if I succeed."
"That's a lot of money! What if you fail?"
"I can see the huge wad of cash in your wallet and You've all still had a good show. If I fail you wont owe me any more." Becky responded holding out her arm to shake on the bet. The man went to shake her hand but then paused.
"If you fail I want you to strip in the bar for me. Thats the deal."
He held out his hand and she shook it confidently and then turned around giving him a nice view of her naked ass before she kneeled down carefully and began to untie her shoes.
"What's that for?" I asked curiously.
"He wanted me to go up to the apartment wearing only the boa. I can't wear my shoes as well!" She answered as if it were obvious. The man gestured a silent applause and smiled as she handed him her long gloves, my jacket, her skirt, my braces and her shoes. She took his phone which was already set to camera mode and gave it to me.
"Film everything, try and get her in the whole shot I want proof."
He explained quite sternly. I nodded and started to film, Becky stuck her tongue out at me and gave a twirl while the three young guys nearby just tried to take in the whole thing. We opened up the door to the apartment building and closed it behind us, pausing and taking a breath.
"This is fun." Becky calmly said.
"Fun? You are mad!" I responded sounding shocked at her attitude.
"Don't you like it? You loved it when I was naked under my coat!" Sounding a little hurt and confused.
"Oh its amazing, I wont be able to sit down for about a year, but I never realised you were so brave!" I replied easing her worries.
"Good. And I'm gonna rock your world in a bit, tie you to my bed and keep you going for hours." She teased making me ache and yearn for her all the more.
We could hear the patter of footsteps running down stairs as we wondered if it was best to use the elevator or go up the stairs. Becky lived on the fourth floor and it was a long way, but probably easier to hide if people were coming whereas the elevator was quicker but more people used it. As we stood at the bottom the door of the elevator opened.
Becky decided she wanted to risk the elevator and as soon as the doors closed she turned to face me and let her feather boa drop to the floor. She wrapped her arms around me and passionately kissed me, I couldn't help look at her body from various different angles of the mirrored interior of the elevator.
"You said this was a crazy idea I didn't think you'd go so far." I commented staring into her deep blue eyes.
"Yeah I know, fun though! Seeing the way all those people reacted."
"They all seemed to love it. You look amazing. Though I'm not sure you can walk around all day like you are right now..."
"Why not?" Becky sarcastically laughed. "I might go the rest of the way like this." She giggled as I tried to stand far enough away to film her on the bar owners phone.
"I think that the elevator will open any second and people could be waiting for it. You might want to hurry up and do whatever your doing!" I said in a panicky tone feeling the elevator begin to slow as it reached our floor.
"We would need to walk along the corridor, through a door and then along another corridor before we get to my flat..." Becky pondered thoughtfully. "You think I can make it?"
"Make it?" I blasted back in a bit of a panic.
"Yeah.." Becky teased as she picked up her boa while she still stood stark naked in the elevator with its doors about to open.
Dressed like that?" She looked incredible and I was left motionless by her actions but as I began to dwell the doors opened.
Becky panicked and darted to the corner of the elevator near the door next to the floor selection panel, she quickly put her feather boa back around her neck and it fell back into place. Two student girls looked in at me while I stood toward the back with the bar man's phone as inconspicuously as possible still pointed at Becky.
"Up or down?" They asked me, not seeing Becky.
"What floor are we on?" I asked.
"The fifth."
"Down then." I answered, a little confused as to why the elevator took us to the fifth floor before the fourth. Becky pressed the fourth floor button again on the selection panel bringing attention herself, she looked at me clearly very worried.
The girls came in the elevator properly and as they did Becky stood motionless with her back against the corner of the elevator in an effort to cover up the fact she was basically naked. Her boa covered her breasts and much of her front but it was hovering over her pussy and a bit further down and it left a clear gap on either side of her. She held her arms rigidly down her sides trying to make it look like it was just her arms but as I stood I noticed both girls look at her and double take, then on the second look frown in what I could only really describe as shock or disgust. Becky turned her face away from them both and blushed still unable to move.
I could feel the elevator slowing again but this time on its way down. The doors opened again and the two girls walked out, glancing at Becky on the way out before walking out and quite obviously walking away saying "Oh my god, did you see that girl? Was she even wearing anything in there?" I heard the other reply "I know! She wasn't even wearing shoes!" Before they got out of earshot. I looked out and saw we were back on the ground floor.
"Press the fourth floor again would you?" I asked Becky anxiously.
"Where are we?" She asked me as she pressed the button.
"Back on the ground floor."
"What? Is this broken?" She asked sounding increasingly alarmed.
"I don't know we will have to see." I answered as calmingly as I could.
The elevator started again and this time Becky didn't move or speak. The elevator slowed and the the doors opened for me to be greeted this time by two young men.
"Up or down?" They asked. I could see it was the third floor on the number behind them.
"Up." I answered feeling a little relieved. They stood back and the doors closed without them getting in or seeing Becky. Then the doors opened again shortly after and I noticed we were back on the fifth floor. "Oh no. We should get out here."
"Why? Are we on my floor?" Becky asked sticking her head out the doors to look. "This isn't right."
"No but its the second time its missed the fourth floor and I cant help think its broken."
"Typical! What do we do? Now we've got to go down stairs then we would need to walk along a corridor, through a door and then along another corridor before we get to my flat."
"Quite a long way. Think we will run into some people?"
"I honestly don't know. But we haven't got much choice unless we want to stay in this elevator all day! And then we are guaranteed to run into people!"
Thankfully the stairs were next to the elevator so we could go straight into them, Becky paused a moment to check the corridor ahead of us was clear before she stepped out. As we got to the door we heard the keys of a door being opened and scrambled through the stairway door.
"At least we are unlikely to see people heading up the stairs for this floor as its higher up and less people walk up them going this high, then anyone heading down is hopefully too far behind."
Becky was right and though we could hear the patter of footsteps in the building and the echoes of voices on the stairs below us we didn't run into anyone and cautiously stepped through the door to the fourth floor. Becky seemed unsure how to play it, did she go quickly and hope no one saw, go slowly and cautiously increasing the chances, or just carry on and not care? She seemed to adopt a little of all three and began to walk down the long corridor of doors. It was still early so we figured most people wouldn't be up yet but we couldn't take anything for granted.
"My heart is racing!" Becky turned and whispered to me while I filmed her naked behind.
Suddenly we heard a door being unlocked behind us and panicked slightly. Becky instantly stood with her back to a wall and tried to hide her exposed sides just as she had in the elevator, although she didn't succeed we saw a door open near the elevator and when the person walked out they didn't even look our way as they left the building. Becky laughed and adjusted her hair before she continued.
We got to the doorway that lead to the final corridor that Becky's flat was right at the end of. We were so close and Becky walked a bit quicker than before until we heard that alarming noise of a door opening ahead. Becky ran to the door and stood behind it so that when it opened it would block that persons view of her, the doors of these flats all had yale locks that automatically lock when the door closes so she clearly hoped that the person would just open the door and walk away without seeing her. I stood where I was to film it all but pretended I was just stood waiting for someone while looking on my phone.
The door opened and Becky disappeared from view, a young man stepped out and his attention was firmly on his phone in his hand as he walked out. He headed my way and his door began to close behind him, I saw Becky's hand hold the door a second longer than normal but as the man walked past me I could hear another door opening. Becky must have panicked because she darted from behind the door into the man's flat and the door closed behind her.
I could see Becky's door at the end of the corridor and the one that opened was halfway between the two. It was a couple and I could see a girl wearing just a dressing gown talking to the man who had clearly been there all night. They talked in the hallway so I tapped on the door Becky had entered, the door opened and Becky looked terrified as she let me in the strangers tiny bedsit apartment.
"What's going on out there?" Becky asked with alarm.
"Looks like a couple are saying goodbye after a night together."
"Oh right! Do they have to do it in the hallway?" Becky laughed as we briefly looked around the messy flat we had entered. "What were they doing?"
"Not sure, she was just wearing a dressing gown so clearly wasn't going with him and they were just talking while looking longingly at each other.
"Oh god my hearts racing this is insane! - We can't stay here, but wouldn't it be fun to mess with the guy that lives here? - Look his laptop is turned on! What do you think I should do?"
"I dunno. Why don't you leave him a gift?" I suggested.
"I don't have anything to leave?.. I could take a picture on his webcam?"
"That'd do it. But I've got a really crazy idea to go with that. Why don't you take a picture of yourself with your boa falling off, here in this room. Then leave him the boa and a note saying you had lived near him for years and finally came around wearing only this feather boa, You took it off in his room but he wasn't around to appreciate it so left it as a souvenir and a picture on his computer to see what he missed. Set it as his background picture too."
"I love it! But what about the people outside? If I leave the boa I'll be totally naked.
"You just walked across town wearing barely anything! Whats showing your ass to two people who probably wont even look!"
"Yeah but it feels very different being completely naked!"
"You were very exposed though, your ass was partially on view, and your boobs were mostly hanging out!"
"True. But It feels... I'm tingling! It's so naughty! Oh what the hell I only live here another couple of weeks!" Becky exclaimed as she took a sexy headless photo of herself with her boa draped just over her shaved pussy covering nothing else. It was one hell of a sexy photo showing her legs, flat stomach and perky round boobs. Becky then wrote the guy a note and put her boa down on his bed with it.
"I'm so wet.. that has just pushed me over the edge!" Becky exclaimed as she touched herself lightly. "I could cum right here!"
"Well lets win this bet and then we can act like rabbits! But til then you need to wait!"
We both walked out the flat together and Becky looked around as she was now even more concerned as she was completely naked. We could see the couple still talking, infatuated with each other.
I stood on the side nearest the couple as we walked casually toward Becky's flat, as we got alongside the couple they still hadn't moved but then we were walking away from them and Becky's naked rear was in full view if they suddenly paid more attention. We didn't hear anything when we got to Becky's door but when we were almost inside and I heard a female voice exclaiming "Oh my god look at that girl she's naked!" As we entered the flat. I stopped filming at that point and Becky turned to me with a huge smile on her face.
"That was fun. Let me get my coat, I want to claim that bet!"
Becky put on her blue trench coat, her legs were left on display but the rest of her was now covered as we left the flat quickly. Ironically we didn't bump into anyone on the way back down and the couple had gone, as we got outside the bar owner was still waiting and so were the three young men.
"You didn't manage it then?" He asked, looking at us both as we frowned in confusion. "I said to get the coat wearing just your boa, I didn't say you could wear it on the way back!
"You're kidding! We just had to creep around in there for ages to get this, of course I wore it on the way back! You will love this video!" Becky snapped loudly.
"Well let me see the film, give me my phone back."
"Oh no, you aren't getting it back yet, we will hold it and show you then you can pay us and then we will give you it back."
We showed the man the film, the three young men tried to look over our shoulders but I doubt they had much success. The bar owner seemed to enjoy the walk through the corridors best and then our gift for the man who's flat we crashed in nearly made him explode. He voiced his approval throughout, but when it came to claiming we had won the bet he was being funny and tried to say we failed as we wore the coat back so wouldn't pay, at which point we refused to give the phone back. He agreed to give us fifty as a compromise and we took it and grabbed all our stuff from him. We then deleted the film from his phone before walking off. He hated us for that but just as he hadn't stipulated Becky not wear the coat on the way back, he didn't stipulate that the proof could be kept either.
"What do you wanna do now?" I asked Becky as we headed back inside her apartment building.
"Well, when we get back to my flat I'm going to fuck you so hard you'll feel like you've been hit by a car. But before that we need to get there. A lot could happen on the way..."
"So?..."
"Well the elevator doesn't really work. And I'm curious now If I could make it to the apartment without even my coat..."