It was charity season again. Last year, my best friend Rachel and I had played a central role in our community's special play for charitable causes, and we had both done a lot more than we intended too. Rachel and I had both gone naked on stage, and I had even helped her sort out a few 'issues' with her boyfriend Kyle - a yummy dish if I ever saw one.
Now, I had played a central role in what happened last year, in part because Michael, our director, had called on me for ideas and I blurted out a lot of stuff before I really knew what I was saying. It got me in some interesting situations, for sure, and honestly made me jealous of Rachel - she had Kyle's cock to come home to after our performances, and I had nothing.
I had plenty of guys interested in me over the next year, but I discovered most thought I was more like the girl I was in the play - sexually adventurous and an easy lay, which wasn't true. Well, mostly not true. I did some things that made me wonder if I was as...normal...as I used to think. I know Rachel has told her version of events about how things went, and it made me seem like the more adventurous one, but let me tell you - every bit of nervousness that she felt, I felt it ten times worse, and it was NEVER my intention to end up completely naked by the end! I guess you never know what someone is thinking unless they tell you.
It was an interesting year, nonetheless, and with the new charity season coming round, I found myself wanting to audition again for the play. Since Michael and the other theater people knew me, I suspected I had a good shot, and I really wanted to get a fun part - even if it wasn't a main role. Rachel and I had both agreed to go together, but Rachel had privately told me that she wasn't going to do anything like what we did last year. In the moment she got caught up in it, but she wasn't going to be stripping on stage again. I felt the same way, and told her so.
Anyway, I got her to come with me, and I invited another friend of mine as well - Melanie, who I had gotten to know in college and who turned out to have recently moved here. She and her cousin Alice had heard about our plays being the talk of the town, and were excited to be part of a good cause. I wasn't sure if they knew exactly how far things had gone with our play last year, but I decided not to say anything. The plays for charity were usually risque, but nudity wasn't actually normal. Plus, last year's was a special above-and-beyond effort to raise extra money, and that wasn't the case this year. So why worry them over something that wouldn't happen?
Auditions went great - we all tried out, right after each other, and I could tell Melanie was a natural. Alice was a little stiff, but she said she would be happy with just a background role - the real fun was in getting to do something fun together. And the guys could be cute, too. Kyle wasn't auditioning this year, which was a shame, but I had hopes there would be other guys, perhaps more eligible ones.
The auditions themselves didn't give much of an idea about the actual play - the guy who wrote them for our community was apparently still putting the finishing touches on. It was at callbacks that we finally got a clear idea of what they were looking for in casting.
"It will be like one of those old summer beach movies, you know, like those old Frankie Avalon flicks?" Mike told us. "Lots of laughs, great oldies, dancing, and all that stuff. So we're looking for some youngish female leads, and lots of roles for people in the background doing party stuff. Now for those of you willing to appear in a bikini, please note that on your forms."
Just a bikini? I normally wouldn't be too wild about prancing around on a stage in my bikini, but what they hell - after last year, I could manage something like that, couldn't I? I checked 'yes' on my form, and leaned over to see what Melanie, Alice, and Rachel were doing. Rachel had checked yes, but only after having checked no and then erased it. Melanie and Alice had checked no, so I gave them a pleading look, and whispered, "Come on, don't leave me to do it alone. There will be lots of girls up there, not just us! Strength in numbers, right?"
Melanie giggled, and Alice frowned. Sure enough, Melanie checked yes, and Alice didn't switch her answer at all. I shrugged. I didn't know Alice that well, so if she ended up in a different part of the crowd scenes, that was her problem.
By the end of auditions, it was pretty clear that Rachel was going to get the lead. She had been amazing last year, and I knew the director really liked how much work she put into getting the scenes right. I was just hoping for something fun and small that would give me a chance to flirt with cute guys in the party scenes.
Sure enough, it ended up about like I thought - Rachel was going to be the romantic interest for the male lead, and I was mostly in the background. I had a few lines, but my main role was to make it look like I was having tons of fun at a beach party. Easy peasy! I was thrilled to see Melanie get a part, but Alice missed out, which was too bad. She signed on to help as part of the stage crew, so she still got to hang out with us. Also, some of the girls I had met last year, Annie and Claire, were also going to be part of the 'party crew' as we started to refer to ourselves.
The male side of the party crew was a bit thinner - some new guy named Adam got the lead role, and his friend Tom was part of our crowd. There was also Nate, who I knew from last year's play, and three other guys I only know from a distance - John, Jimmy, and Ralph. John and Jimmy would be part of our 'party crowd' along with the other cast members that had actual lines (about 8 of those), and Ralph was the 'boy'. I was surprised, honestly, when I met him - he looked like he was about 14, but apparently he was 18 - the same age as his friends. His role was a bit of a mystery to us, until we got the script.
So, the basic story was pretty simple - beach parties, boy meets girl, lots of dancing, simple misunderstandings get blown out of proportion, boy has to get girl back, all that stuff. The most unusual role was Ralph's - he was always a background character, but Mike expected him to steal the show. He only had one line - "I didn't do it!" - but he said it about a dozen times throughout the play. He was basically a prankster, always pulling a fast one in the background of whatever scene he was in, and then shouting his line when he got caught.
Now, given how last year went, this all might sound a little tame. And it was! It wasn't until we were well into rehearsals that Mike got us together with Cindy, our costume lady and choreographer, to discuss costumes. "Costumes" in this case meant how small of a bikini we were willing to wear. I guess this was the eye candy part of the play - an essential part of every charity performance. Cindy gave us a pretty big range to choose from, from pretty modest two pieces, to little string bikinis that seemed hardly enough to cover essentials. None of us were bold enough to choose the really skimpy ones, but there was a range of pretty attractive, fairly normal bikinis that seemed harmless enough. String tops, mostly with bottoms that covered at least as much as panties, if not a little more. After we all made our choices, Mike ran through some questions with us.
"Now, as those of you who have been part of these before, you know we like to have a little eye candy in the show. It helps the tickets sell better, and that's what it is really about, you know? So I have to ask this every year, and just so you know - it is perfectly alright to say no, okay?"
We all nodded to show we understood.
"Okay, so you have all picked out some very lovely costumes. Now, how many of you are willing to go a little farther?"
It was nothing but nervous glances all around from us.
"Right, sure," Mike said, "let me just give examples. This hardly ever happens, but would any of you be fine with full nudity?"
No takers. He just nodded.
"Seriously, that's fine. We only want people to do what they are comfortable with. How about topless?"
Long pause. He nodded again.
"No problem, no problem. How about nude from behind? No? Topless from behind? No? Fine, fine. Lying down with the string of your top undone?"
Finally a couple hands went up - Melanie's and Annie's. I was caught by surprise, as I hadn't expected Melanie to offer! Before I could put my hand up to show solidarity with her, Mike moved on.
"Great! No worries from all of you, really it's great - you all will be lovely and I think we've got a smash hit on our hands. Just have to check all the boxes as a director, you understand."
And that was that! It was looking like this year was going to be a lot tamer than last year's. Last year we had needed to add some 'adult's only' warnings to the posters, but this year Mike didn't even bother.
Meanwhile, it was turning out that Ralph really was stealing the show. He had all kinds of little pranks he was pulling - swiping bags and towels and sunglasses, rigging sunscreen bottles to squirt all over, water balloons, plastic crabs on beach blankets, you name it. He was even key in the plot, as he steals the main girl (Rachel's) sunglasses, and Adam (the male lead) gets blamed for it, kicking off the will they/won't they tension part of the plot. And then at the end of the play, Ralph is supposed to get caught by several of the people he pranked, as part of the big finish.
To facilitate Ralph's pranking activities there was a big row of changing booths at the back of the stage - you know, those little wooden shacks with doors like old western saloons that give you just enough coverage to change into your swimsuit right at the beach? They were perfect for Ralph and his little hands to snitch things from people's bags right beneath the doors. During almost every seen, there were a few people supposedly 'changing' in the background, although none of us ever wore anything other than our bathing suit costumes.
The whole thing came together great, and it was so much fun hanging out and cracking jokes during the downtimes at rehearsals, and since half the acting was just having fun at a party, the whole thing felt like a real party! Until the opening night, that is.
These plays were always scheduled for 4 nights, but the opening night and final night were supposed to be the two biggest ones. And, frankly, the crowd that first night sucked. The theater was only a little over half full, and they just didn't seem into it. There were laughs in most of the right spots, sure, and some cheers at a few of the bigger moments, mostly involving Ralph or the romantic scenes between Adam and Rachel, but it honestly was entirely underwhelming. It seemed like MIke thought so too, because he was holding his head in his hands backstage during most of the performance.
After the play he called some of us around for a little impromptu meeting. It was mostly us girls, and Ralph.
"I apologize for having to call you girls around like this," Mike started out, "but tonight was over 20% under our projections for ticket sales, and it really didn't sound like an audience that was going to go out and tell their friends they had to see this show."
We all nodded. The lack of energy was really obvious whenever we were onstage.
"Now, I know I asked you girls about eye candy related things earlier, and I want to reiterate that you are absolutely welcome to say no. I'm just asking if you'll reconsider, that's all."
"What kind of things were you thinking about?" asked Annie.
"Well, to start with - I don't think anyone could even tell that you were 'sunning' with the strings undone, Annie. If we had a sloped portion of the stage or something, maybe, but as it was, I'm not sure the audience noticed."
"Yeah," she agreed. "But like you said, without a slope we can't change that much."
"No," agreed Mike. "And even then, it is fairly tame. What I'm hoping for is something - anything - that will let us put out a new poster that claims this one is a little more risque. Like those movies with 'unrated' editions. It doesn't have to be a ton, just something a little bolder than we've done until now."
"I'm game," said Annie. "And I'm sure Melanie is, too, right?"
She and Melanie had been thick as thieves during rehearsals, and since Melanie had also undone the string while she was lying down in one scene, Annie seemed to think she was her co-conspirator or something.
"I can help out, too!" I offered. I didn't want to leave two good friends out there on their own on this one - the same as I had done with Rachel last year. Melanie gave me a relieved smile, and grabbed my hand as if to say 'thank you.'
"Great, great" Mike said. "Now what I was thinking was having something with Ralph and his pranks, maybe using the changing stalls. So the stalls are in a line like this at the back of the stage, right?"
He was using his hands to do most of the explaining. You'll have to imagine it.
"So five stalls, all together, and the doors open out toward the audience. Ralph and I experimented, and the way the magnets hold them in place, a good bang right on the latch and they pop open."
"I get it!" I burst in. "So one of us girls is in the changing rooms, and Ralph runs past and bangs on the door, it pops open, and she is like, holding her top in her hands with her back to the audience?"
"Exactly!" exclaimed Mike. "Just real quick, then you pop your top back on and go on with things."
"Well I can definitely do that," Melanie said, with surprising confidence. I guess Annie had been helping her work up her courage. Annie and I both agreed it would be no problem, and we were set!
The rest of the meeting was spent picking the right time when one or the other of us could be changing and Ralph could run by and pop the door. Mike didn't want to do it all at once, but rather have it kind of as a running gag through the play. We eventually settled on an order of Annie, then Melanie, then me. Claire looked pretty relieved that she hadn't needed to volunteer.
When the time for the performance came, the crowd was still somewhat small. Mike had slapped a "PG-13!" sticker on some of the posters and mentioned the change on the Facebook page, but that didn't seem to have made enough of a difference. I asked him quietly about it about 5 minutes before the start of the show, and he looked pretty down about it.
"We'll just have to make it up with the performance, won't we?" he said, but I could tell he was discouraged.
Well, it was slightly better. I watched carefully whenever I was backstage on the feeds we had set up, and things were improved. More laughs overall, for example. I was watching when Ralph popped the door on Annie, and when it flew open she had her back to the audience, and it was clear she had her top in her hand. She gave a scream and the audience laughed, but it wasn't huge. When she immediately put the top and and then closed the door, it seemed even deader than before. There was a line right after that normally brought a huge laugh, and it just landed on dead air.
Before Melanie went on stage for her 'moment' in the next act, I grabbed her.
"Listen, Melanie, I think I know what the play is missing."
"Really?" She looked at me with those big, brown, doe eyes of hers, brown as her long hair.
"Yeah! Look, half the audience is guys, right? And guys get horny, and if they are horny they laugh easier."
"Really?" she said again, this time looking a little more doubtful.
"Yes! Listen, I think the crowd was hoping for something more than a bare back for a couple seconds - after all, we basically had that last night and it didn't do much."
"True," Melanie admitted, still looking cautiously at me.
"Well, what if they had a hope for a little more? Not actually showing anything," I hastened to add, as Melanie's big brown eyes got even bigger, "just holding out the possibility of more. Like, when Annie was in the booth, she stayed with her back to the audience the entire time. What if we turned to close the door first, then got our tops back on?
"I can't go topless!" Melanie hissed quietly.
"No!" I said. "Not topless! We can still cover with an arm, right? Or, hell, you could even drape your hair down in front - it's long enough, and plenty thick! They wouldn't see anything, but it would give them hope, right?"
She considered this for a minute. I showed her how to hold an arm across her breasts to hide everything important, and we experimented with her hair. It was thick enough that you could hardly see her bikini top when it was on, let alone her breasts when it was off. That convinced her, and we agreed to our little plan. I was fortunate enough to be backstage when she had her turn in the changing room, and saw how it went on the feed.
Ralph popped the door just like before, and I noticed it got a slightly bigger laugh this time. Melanie looked hot in just bikini bottoms, and her hair being all in front meant they got a good view of her back. She yelped and turned around quickly. And THAT got the crowd excited. I couldn't tell for sure, but it almost looked like her hair swung out a little from her body as she turned, and since she didn't bother with her arm since her hair was so thick, some of the audience might have gotten the tiniest glimpse of dark brown nipple and the curves of her breasts. When she grabbed the door and whipped it closed with a good glare in the direction Ralph had disappeared she got possibly the biggest laugh of the night.
When Melanie came back stage, she was glowing with excitement. Annie and I met her to congratulate her on her success.
"Omigod, you guys! That was intense!" she breathed, almost under her breath.
"You were great, Mel!" I said. "The audience was eating out of your hand for a second there."
"Yeah!" agreed Annie. "Now what about you, Sarah? Got something up your 'sleeve?' I saw you two conspiring earlier."
I quickly explained what Melanie and I had talked about, and Annie quickly realized we were right.
"You've got to do at least as much as Melanie here, right?" Annie asked me. "What's your plan? Your hair isn't long enough to copy her."
She was right. My blonde locks only came down to my shoulders, so I would have to rely on my arms to cover the goods.
"Well, I think I can mostly cover with my arms like this," I said, and crossed my arms over my chest to demonstrate. Mike came by as I was doing that.
"Planning a big finale for the running gag?" he said. "Fantastic! I hope you can top Melanie's. A good gag has a setup, build, and punchline, and that's you! What are you planning?"
"We were just discussing that," I said. "My hair isn't as long as Melanie's, so I was going to use my arms like this," as I demonstrated again. Mike nodded and stayed silent. Nervously, I kept going, not sure if I had something that would really work as a good punchline for the gag.
"And...um...I guess I could be facing a little to the side at first, right? So there's a little boob in profile, but nothing really R rated yet...and I guess I have to cover with just one arm since I have to reach to close the door."
Mike flashed a grin. "Brilliant! Sounds great. I leave you to it, then!"
Damn. I had gotten myself in a little deeper than I had planned. I had promised myself it wouldn't be like last year. I was hardly myself, then, and had gotten carried away with things. Still, a little sideboob never hurt anyone, right?
I had to take some deep breaths to get myself in the zone. Sure, I had done this before, but I hadn't planned on making it a habit! But now that I was in this boat again, it was important to do a good job. It was for a good cause, after all.
Annie and Melanie helped me plan it out a bit. I would be facing mostly backstage, a little to the left, with my top already off, like I was getting changed. When I heard the door pop, I would turn slightly more to the left, as if in surprise, and then cover with my right arm and reach out with my left to close the door. Then I could fix my top and go on with things. Simple!
Well, leave it to me to complicate things slightly. It started fine. I got in place before the lights came up, and took off my top and dropped it on the floor in the corner of the booth. Then the lights came up and I had about 30 seconds of waiting before Ralph would run by. There was a certain cue in the music I was waiting for that I knew came right before he was supposed to pop it. The cue came and went - no Ralph. I had my head down, pretending to fiddle with stuff like I was changing, and since I was faced away I had no idea what was going on elsewhere on stage. So I had no way of knowing that Ralph had tripped over a background cast member and was a few seconds late.
In order to see if anything had gone wrong, I started to glance to the wing where I knew he was supposed to be coming. In doing so, I subconsciously turned my body about 20 degrees further to that side - so I was facing almost straight across stage instead of at an angle. Ralph was only delayed a few seconds - so that was right when he came past and popped the latch and the door swung wide open! At least half of my left breast was in view of most of the audience, including my nipple in profile. The audience on the side I was facing got a much better view, almost full on.
I didn't have to act surprised - I was! I threw my arm over my boobs, and then stepped out to grab the door and haul it closed. My boobs were jiggling plenty and it was hard to keep them under my arm - I'm pretty sure a nipple popped out here or there at least a couple of times. Then the real surprise came. I swung the door closed a little too hard, and it just banged into the latch and popped right back out again!
The door swung back fully open, and just after I had stopped covering my breasts! It was a full on blast from the high beams at the audience, and since I was right at the edge of the booth, I think everyone saw! I yelped in surprise, and Ralph, who was racing back across the stage, stopped in his tracks and held his belly and laughed! He was still in character as the prankster, and his laugh was met by an equally huge one from the audience, probably the best we had gotten all night!
I had to grab the door with both hands and pull it closed, prolonging my exposure for a few agonizing seconds, and then it was finally over. I grabbed my top and whipped it back on in record time, and my few seconds of exposure were finally done. If I had thought about it, of course I would have realized we would probably have to do a repeat at least for the next night, but all I could think of was finishing and getting off stage.
Sure enough, after the last act was over, Mike congratulated all of us. The audience was buzzing a little, but it was clear we needed to advertise more aggressively to fill the seats for the next night. Melanie wasn't saying anything, but I could tell she was thinking hard about what she had gotten herself into. I know I was, and not for the first time!
"So is it safe to say we can advertise a level of sauciness at least on a level with tonight's?" Mike asked.
Annie was in the midst of agreeing, when Melanie asked for clarification. "You mean what you advertised for tonight, or what actually happened? Because Sarah was a little more 'R' than 'PG-13' if you ask me."
"Right, right," said Mike. "On a level with Sarah's performance, obviously. It will be the least the audience will expect, and this is our last chance to wow them and make them think it will be worth it to come back for the finale."
"Yeah, so facing to the side and at least flashing when we reach to close the door, that kind of thing?" asked Annie. "No problem."
I was nodding reluctantly, and Mike gave us a thumbs up before rushing off. The life of the director is never slow, it seems. I realized Melanie hadn't said anything, so I turned to offer her my support.
"C'mon, Mel - maybe he'll let you keep some of your hair in front, and it won't be much more than last night. And we'll be right with you on this. A sisterhood, right?"
We had often called ourselves a sisterhood during our college days as a way of expressing support. Melanie looked a bit scared, then wavered, and finally giggled.
"A sisterhood of boobs!" she burst out, and then started laughing fully. Annie and I couldn't help but join in. Rachel, still my best friend, even if I didn't get to hang out as much with her in the production, came by to offer support. I think she could tell Melannie still needed bucking up, and she talked with Melanie for almost 10 minutes about the courage it took to stand up on stage and not be afraid of your body. To my surprise, she also talked about the rush of confidence it had given her, last year, when she had done something similar, and gotten huge cheers. She was right! It did build my confidence when I had gotten cheered for exposing myself last year - maybe I shouldn't be embarrassed about showing my body?
That didn't get rid of the butterflies, of course, and the next night they were back with a vengeance. I remembered what Mike had said about setup, build, and punchline, and resolved to watch Annie's scene closely to see what the baseline would be.
Like she had promised, when Ralph came by and popped open her door, Annie was facing to the left, and almost angled a little forward - you could see her left breast clearly from pretty much three quarters of the audience. She yelped, and didn't cover at all as she reached out to grab the door and pull it closed. Full topless exposure! The crowd loved it, and it was a huge response. Annie was practically glowing with excitement when she came back.
Melanie looked nervous, but knew she had to at least keep pace with Annie. She told me quietly that she wasn't going to let her hair cover anything, and I agreed that was probably best. It was making me nervous what I was going to have to do at the end to top her, but I just wanted to give her all the support I could.
Sure enough, when her turn came, Melanie had her hands up behind her head putting her hair in a ponytail. And facing straight forward, no less! I had actually never seen Melanie's breasts completely naked before - round, and pert, about the size of a pair of large oranges and with adorable brown nipples that looked stiff as boards! It took her a few seconds longer than Annie to reach out and close the door, since she had her hands busy when it flew open. The crowd roared in approval. Clearly it liked the new levels of exposure.
So where did that leave me? Thanks to my little misadventure, I had already exposed my breasts - how was I supposed to make the punchline land?
Believe it or not, it was Rachel who came over to help me think of something. She had been talking to Mike and Ralph already, and clearly had some ideas of her own.
"Listen, Sarah, I think there's something I can do to help."
That threw me. I listened eagerly to see what she had in mind.
"So, one time we were watching a movie," she continued, "and Kyle told me something interesting. If there is a cute girl in the movie, and it's the kind of movie that shows lots of boobs, he often gets more fixated on the one who isn't showing anything."
"Sort of the allure of the unknown, or something?" I said.
"Yeah!" Rachel said. "So Mike and I were thinking it might make for a real payoff if, a little after your scene, Ralph yanks off my top, too!"
"But you don't have any scenes where you are in the changing rooms!" I said. "You're always talking to Adam."
"Yes - so it happens then! The top is just held on by strings, so if Ralph just gets a couple good tugs in, the whole thing should go. Then, however big your thing is, mine will just put it over the top!"
"Omigod! Thank you so much, Rachel, for offering to do this!" I gushed. I was so glad I had her as a friend. We had only grown closer over the last year, but this was far beyond what I had expected.
"Of course, you'll still need to go nude," she continued.
"What?" I could hardly believe my ears.
"Well, it's only natural, right? We need to have something that gives a real buzz for the last night, and my top coming off only does part of that. The real clincher is if you are totally nude when Ralph bumps your door open."
"Oh, god," I said. "You're totally right. But I don't have to be facing front, right? And I can cover you know, the crotchular area when I reach to close the door? Gotta leave something for tomorrow night!" I joked.
"Oh, of course," Rachel assured me. And so the plan was set. Although just a teeny part of me was wondering if maybe this was a little payback for last year, when I had been setting Rachel up to do the more daring nude scenes.
But all I could think about now was being naked in a few minutes. When the time came, I rushed across the stage in the dark, and got into the booth as quick as I could. I was supposed to be putting the bikini 'on' so I needed to be naked before the scene started. I quickly whipped my top off and shimmied out of my bottoms, then draped them both over the door without thinking about it. Little did I know, that little detail would change the whole scene!
The lights came on and I pretended to be taking off my regular clothes, as if I was already down to my underwear, even those I was really naked already. Acting, huh? I was facing pretty much totally away from the audience this time, but I heard Ralph bang on the door right on cue. I gave a yelp and turned my head, without turning my body yet.
Yep, the door was wide open, and the audience had a glorious view of my bare ass. I dropped one hand between my legs and 'acted' frustrated and annoyed at Ralph and his antics. This left my breasts completely exposed, of course, and they wobbled and bounced something fierce as I hobbled forward to close the door.
Wham! Shut and latched on the first try, thank you very much. The only problem was, my bikini wasn't on the door anymore.
"Eep!" I shrieked. Acting! Well, sort of. My surprise was real, but I knew I had to play it up or the scene would be ruined. I put my hands on top of the door and lifted up on my tiptoes to peak over and see where my bikini had gone.
It had fallen off, and was in a little crumpled pile just a little too far away for me to drag it back with my toes. Damn. I reached out with my foot anyway, and poked it about. Nothing. The crowd was laughing, though, as they thought it was part of the act!
Then Ralph came back. He stopped, I assumed to do his little belly laugh at me like last night. Only this time he didn't laugh. He looked and me, and then very deliberately looked down at my bikini, crumpled in a pathetic little heap out of my reach. He rubbed his hands together in the universal gesture of mischief.
I wasn't supposed to have a line, but I couldn't help myself!
"Oh, no! No, you don't!" I shouted!
Ralph just cackled, and swooped on my bikini, grabbed it, and ran! I stamped my foot in anger (part acting, part real), and quickly considered my options.
Option 1: Stay on stage naked, but hidden behind a door, and miss my cue to exit. Nope, unprofessional.
Option 2: Streak my naked little way across the stage and into the wings, and wait to get my bikini back. I didn't like that, as it left me naked and at Ralph's mercy - and frankly, he was all too likely to enjoy it as long as he could.
Option 3: Chase Ralph down on stage. I knew he had to stay around for his next cue in a few minutes, so if I could chase him in a mock rage, he would have to drop my bikini pretty quickly because he had to get in place for his next prank, the one he had planned with Rachel. Yep. option 3 it was.
I burst out of my refuge like a bat out of hell, and pelted after Ralph at full speed! I didn't even bother covering, as speed was more crucial at this point. His eyes got big, and he raced in a big loop around the back and left of the stage. He turned to see if I was still after him, and that's when I got him.
Wham! Full body tackle, right onto the stage.
"Gotcha!" I whispered in his ear, as I ripped my bikini out of his hands. Then I noticed he had the world's biggest shit-eating grin on his face. I realized my tackle had landed me, fully naked, on top of him. My tits were smooshed right into his bare chest, and his leg was in between mine, pressed right against my most intimate area. I scowled at him, and stood up quickly. This meant I was fully exposed, and because of the angle, facing most of the audience. I yanked my bikini bottoms on as quick as I could, and realized my cue to exit was right then. Without time to put my top back on, I stormed off like I was mad. Which I was - a little.
I was also a little excited. Ralph had unknowingly grazed some pretty sensitive areas, and I was feeling more than a little aroused. Plus, the crowd was roaring and cheering. This was the big, break through moment we had been waiting for.
Imagine my surprise when, a few minutes later, Ralph whipped Rachel's top right off! The crowd loved it! Whether Kyle's guess was right, that she was the one they secretly were hoping to see, or if my performance had revved them up, or both, it was the biggest cheer and laugh of the night. And when she acted all embarrassed that she had lost her top, Adam tossed in a new line about "loving her just the way she is" which got a heartful "aww". Their kiss after that brought even more cheers. I'm sure the fact that Rachel was topless, pressing her breasts into him didn't make it any worse for Adam!
Well, Mike loved it, of course. He gathered us around after the curtain call to go over things.
"First of all," he told us. "Brilliant job, Sarah! You really put it over the top, and I think that was the difference maker tonight. If we can advertise something similar or even better for tomorrow, I think we'll almost pull even with our projections."
"Advertise something better," Rachel told him, and he gave a big thumbs up.
After that, it was down to us cast members to hash out the details. This time it was Rachel and Ralph with all the ideas. We decided first of all to ditch having Annie, Melanie, and I exposed separately. We would all be in the booths for Annie's scene, and Ralph would run past and steal our tops, and we would chase after him. Inspired by my brilliant improv, of course. It would give us tits right from early on in the show, and set the expectation that more exposure was to follow.
That would be the set up. I suggested that us being topless the rest of the play would be the buildup. But Rachel didn't agree.
"It needs to be bigger," she said. I realized she was right, but couldn't think of how.
We discussed how to kick it up a notch (bam!) for a little while. Melanie said we could probably just do a chase across the stage a couple more times, but Rachel and Annie agreed we really needed to do something more (since when did Rachel get a say?). They had pulled us from the other party scenes so we could focus on this part. That was when Melanie, of all people, came up with an idea!
"How about, each time we come out, one more of us is missing something?" she said, somehow looking incredibly shy even though she was topless as she said it!
"You mean, one of us goes naked next time we go out?" Annie asked. Melanie nodded.
"And then two of us the next time, until we're all naked?" I said. Melanie blushed, in a really cute way, but still nodded. I could feel the butterflies in my stomach again, but I knew deep down that this was a great idea. Possibly just what we needed.
"So who goes first?" I asked. We all looked at each other. I knew what that meant. "Probably me, right? I'm the punchline."
"Well," Melanie hesitated. "Wouldn't that mean you go last?"
Annie shook her head. "Punchline has to be something different, something bigger. If it's just one after another of us getting naked, that won't give any kind of a twist to it. Hey, Ralph!"
Ralph came over willingly.
"We're looking for a punchline," Annie told him, "one that can top us being naked."
After she finished filling him in on our plan, Ralph looked thoughtful.
"Only thing I can think of," he said, "is if you all catch me and take my suit. Give the rascal his comeuppance, right?"
"Damn!" I told him. "You're absolutely right. Okay, when it's time for us to chase you across stage, which of us should lose her bottoms first?"
Ralph did a quick eeny-meeny-miney-moe and landed on Annie. So that was settled it would be Annie, then Melanie, then me. I was nervous as hell, but I could tell Melanie was even more nervous. I promised myself I would act more confident than I felt to help her out.
The next night, when the time came we were all in our booths, facing away from the audience, tops draped over the doors. It didn't matter that we were facing away, since we would be showing plenty while we charged around after Ralph. I had to get used to listening for Annie's cue, since it was different from mine. I needn't have bothered, it turned out - I heard Ralph's feet go pounding past, and when I whipped around, I knew my top was gone.
In unison (we had practiced) we all poked our heads over the doors and looked down, right, and then left. Ralph waved from off to our left, a clutch of string bikini tops in his hand! He then turned and bolted off stage, and we burst out and raced after him.
You should have heard the cheers when we burst out of the booths - topless, of course! Our boobs were bouncing every which way as we raced across and disappeared after Ralph. He waited a beat, then raced back across stage with us about 10 feet behind. More cheers! It looked like this was the kind of sexy thing the audience was hoping for.
Well, by that time, there wasn't much point putting our tops back on. We just stayed topless backstage, which the male cast members seemed to really appreciate. Ralph even came over to express his gratitude for our performance, in one of the few moments he wasn't on stage or getting ready to go on. The other cast members kept coming and going past us while we were waiting in the wings - the guys enjoying the view, the girls mostly giggling. Finally Ralph came back by, ready for us to go for round two. He did a double finger gun salute at Annie, and she giggled and did it right back at him. Then she slipped her bottoms off right there, leaving her totally naked in front of the whole backstage cast and crew! Of course, we were about to head out on stage, so, not so big by comparison I guess. But I could tell from the way her nipples crimped up and her breath caught that she was every bit as nervous as I was.
Well, we took off across the stage again, and got huge laughs. They definitely noticed Annie's lack of coverage. We bolted straight across from one side to the other. To my surprise, when we reached the wings, Melanie took her bottoms off, too! She quickly whispered a word to us - Ralph and the girls, that is - and we all nodded.
We took off back across the stage, ahead of Ralph this time, and now with Melanie and Annie both naked, boobs bouncing and hair flying - above and below! The joke this time was that Ralph was chasing us! That was Melanie's idea. It looked to the audience like we caught him, and he had taken the opportunity to strip one of us, and was seeking to strip the third (me, obviously, as the only one still with my bikini bottoms on).
Brilliant stroke on Melanie's part, and the audience ate it up. Huge laugh, and even applause. Now offstage again we gasped and panted, part excitement, part laughter, and part arousal (for me, at least!). We retreated to the cast area backstage to wait for our next entrance. We had added one extra before our final - this meant it was my turn to strip completely naked and race across the stage with my friends! The last one would be the time we finally caught Ralph.
When it came time, I stripped off my bottoms. It was time for me to come through for Annie and Melanie, just like they had come through for me! We nodded to Ralph when we were ready, and he started out on stage, slightly slower than normal, like we were wearing him down, but then putting on a burst of speed. This time he didn't disappear off in the other wing right away - he circled back across the front of the stage! Since we were chasing him, we had to follow, which meant our bouncing boobies and bare pussies went racing across right in front of the audience!
Let me tell you, they just ate it up. Laughter, applause, hooting and hollering. They loved us! It was like the naughtiest version of Benny Hill yet produced. We made two more full circuits of the stage before Ralph finally led us of into the wings. I was starting to get exhausted from running, and I would never have said this to any of the guys, but I think I was starting to work up a sweat. We had a few minutes before our final chase (when we would finally catch Ralph!), and we all snuck off to the bathrooms to give ourselves a quick hobo shower.
By the time we got back, it was just about time to chase Ralph again. This was around the time I normally was on stage, so I knew we had a few minutes before the big final scene with Rachel and Adam - which I still didn't know any details about for this final night. I knew they had done some planning on their own, but Rachel hadn't told me anything.
We lit out after Ralph, Annie and I from behind, and Melanie coming from the other side - another twist she had suggested! We caught him about two thirds of the way across. Well, Melanie caught him by wrapping her arms around him to stop his forward momentum with her body, and then Annie and I came rushing up behind to pull him to the ground. Once he was on the ground Annie and I pinned his arms, while Melanie draped over his legs and grabbed his suit.
As she wiggled it over his hips and down, she ended up with her face directly over his crotch. This meant it looked WAY naughtier than we had intended, but it served a useful purpose. Melanie's long hair fell all around his hips, and covered him completely as she pulled the suit down over his penis, which immediately popped out and practically hit her in the face! He was clearly very, very erect. No wonder, after spending half his night chasing naked women! Melanie stopped for a second in shock, but then continued to back down his legs as she dragged his suit down and off.
I realized that if she sat up much further, her hair would stop covering Ralph, and his erection would be exposed! Even if we were providing some saucier bits in the play, I was pretty sure raging erections were a bit beyond what we were going for! Hardly thinking, I threw myself bodily over Ralph's midsection as Melanie pulled away. I ended up landing over his dick, tits first. He still pretended to struggle to get away, but Annie held his arms, and Melanie held his legs after she tossed his suit aside, and I kept myself firmly in place, letting him wriggle underneath me.
I wasn't sure what to do. His erection was huge! And now, thanks to my quick thinking, trapped under my tits, and thanks to his squirming, rubbing back and forth across them. Two things occured to me simultaneously - one, his dick getting trapped under my tits was making his erection rage all the harder, not subside. And two, in my haste to cover his erection, I had landed on him with my backside to the audience. Normally not a problem, but I was horizontal, facing upstage, and with my legs spread for balance! I was pretty much giving a gynecologist-level view to whoever was in the front row! I twisted to tuck my legs under me and cover my admittedly soaking pussy from open inspection, and also to lift my tits off Ralph's penis while still concealing it from view. I quickly glanced at Melanie, then back at Annie as if to say, what do we do? Annie looked at Ralph's engorged cock, then back at me.
"Lead him!" she mouthed. I couldn't make it out so just gave her a look. She leaned forward and stage whispered into my ear. I'm sure Ralph didn't miss her tits dangling over his face as she did. "Hold his dick like a leash and lead him off stage! Make a joke out of it! It's the only way!"
I wasn't sure it was the only way, but I also didn't have any other ideas. I nodded, and grabbed his raging erection with my right hand. We maneuvered him into standing up, and then I led the way, holding him by his dick and leading him off stage the way Annie and I had entered. To my surprise, we brought down the house! Laughter, clapping, shouts, and cheers. It seemed like Ralph getting his comeuppance at the end was the real kicker we had needed all along! Once backstage, we watched to see what would happen with Rachel and Adam.
I wasn't sure how it would go - Ralph was the one to expose Rachel last night, and now he couldn't plausibly come back on to do it. It turned out she and Adam had done some planning of their own, however. When they got to the key lines, Rachel had a new one about "you are the only one who sees the real me." And then Rachel didn't wait around for someone to strip her - she stripped off herself!
She whipped her top over her head and then shoved her bottoms down and stepped out. In seconds she was completely naked! They had to wait a moment for the absolute thunderstorm of cheering that broke out, and then even longer for it to calm down. Then Adam said his line about liking her the way she was, and then he peeled his own suit down his legs and off! They embraced and melted into their final kiss, completely naked!
Well, damn. Rachel really had been working on something in her own right, and it was the big finale the audience was waiting for. I noticed that their hands were a little busy, too - Adam had one hand on Rachel's butt, and the other cupping and squeezing her breast. She had a hand on his butt, too, but her other hand was right between them. I couldn't see what she was doing, but boy could I guess! I wondered if Kyle was in the audience tonight, and if so what he thought of the whole thing. I decided I might need to give him a call after the play.
But then came the biggest surprise of all - the entire cast behind them (the party crew as we called ourselves - about 6 other people all told) whipped their suits off and threw their hands in the air! For about 3 seconds, practically the entire cast was on stage naked. Then the lights came down all at once and the stage was plunged into darkness.
Oh man, was it a success. Massive applause, and even though we were dressed for the curtain call after, they cheered for us like we were naked. It was one of the greatest feelings, especially since I knew we had been helping a good cause the whole time.
I had sworn to myself it wouldn't be like last year, but after how everything played out, I was starting to wonder if I would ever get through one of these charity performances with my clothes on. Strangely enough, it never occurred to me not to try out...