Whistling Billy
(I like a little background and a plausible set-up.Thanks for your patience.Everybody in this story is at least eighteen years old.Any resemblance to real people or places is purely coincidental)
My company is "Whistling Billy's Pool Service". My motto is "Your pool will be clean as a whistle!" (Of course, I don't say when!) I'm only 29 which in this business is pretty young. The title Pool Boy seems pretty much of a myth. I know pool guys that are well into their 70's. They're a lot more common than hot strapping 20-year-olds.
In the five years I've been doing pools, I've learned a lot from those old guys about how to make a living at this. If I were filling out a loan application, my job title would be Swimming Pool Service Technician. There's a lot more to it than skimming leaves. Keeping a pool system running involves a lot of equipment and skills and can actually be quite lucrative.
That being said, the day to day business is really quite pleasant. I'm a one-man shop. No employees and no boss! I bring my service equipment in and out through the gate to my customers' back yards, do some cleaning, check some equipment things, test the water and add some chemicals and most of the time that's about it.
A lot of customers I'll see maybe once or twice a year. I take care of the pool and they send me checks. A perfectly satisfactory relationship!
Some customers, though, will come out to chat. This isn't a bad thing. This can be a lonely job if house after house you don't see anyone. Occasionally, I'll go a whole day without any human contact. So, when somebody does come out to say hello, I'm usually happy to see them. As years go by, these casual visits turn into a casual relationship. They'll ask me how my mom's eye surgery came out. I'll ask them how their kid's soccer season is going. We get to know each other a little and it's another nice perk of the job.
I've found there is another class of customer too: single women. Some are widows, some are divorced, some never married. Some have kids, some have a roommate or two, maybe they live with a sister, some live alone. Maybe they got the house in the divorce and need all the help they can get to keep the place up and running. The pool man can play a key part in that. So again, these casual relationships develop.
Once in a while, these women turn out to be not just alone and a little lonely but also horny! That's where I tread very carefully. Just because they are nice people and horny doesn't mean they are attractive.
I was a little shocked one time when this woman who was twice my age and overweight came on to me. She asked me to see if I could figure out why her kitchen garbage disposer wasn't working. She was wearing a knee-length nightgown with a thin robe over it. I sensed some sizeable unrestrained boobs in there somewhere but the rest of the package was unappealing. I recall she had a strong whiff of perfume.
While I was down on the kitchen floor with my head under the sink, she was hovering around. She wasn't really exposing anything (thank God) but she was offering me a peek if I chose to look. I chose not to. I pretended to be dumb as a stump and kept my eyes on the business at hand. I couldn't get the thing to run and told her she would need a plumber. Maybe she had better luck with him.
Sometimes the single woman story goes a different way, though. Sometimes they are quite attractive and easily get my attention without any effort on their part. Maybe not blazing hot but still with a little personality thrown in, I'm interested. Of course, they are still customers that I prefer not to lose so I keep it very low key.
I do whistle. I've always liked to whistle a tune or whistle along with the radio. I don't do it all the time but it's sort of a practice of mine. I'm especially likely to whistle on my way into a backyard. I don't want the customer to think I'm trying to sneak up on them. Now and then, I'll come around the corner of the house to the pool area and the water is still sloshing and there are wet footprints leading to the back patio door. For whatever reason -- nudity? -- they didn't want to see the pool man that day!
So, what am I supposed to think when I whistle and clatter into the back yard and one of these attractive younger women is just laying there on the lounge in a bikini working on her tan?
"Oh, Hi, Billy. I won't be in your way will I?"
That was Pam. We had a casual acquaintance and I knew she was divorced and had two kids in grade school.
"Hi, Pam. No, you're fine." I'm not sure how she took that but I meant it in every way. "I want to thank you for putting away the pool toys. It's a big help."
"No problem, Billy. I'm getting the kids to do it."
I always try to reinforce the behavior when a customer does the right thing. I said, "You are usually so busy. I don't often see you just relaxing."
"You got that right!," she replied. "Wednesday is the only day that's not programmed to the max with school things, soccer, PTA, and so on."
"Are you still working?" I asked.
"Yup. That too. It's only Tuesday and Friday mornings but I gotta fit it in."
By now, she was laying comfortably on her back with one of those little eye cover thingies to keep from burning her eyelids. I understood this to mean she couldn't see me. So, I ogled. Shewasfine. I'd guess 5'-7", and just shy of plump. She was very curvy. I knew she worked at the gym but she wasn't all stringy muscles with sharp corners. She was just fit and, well, delectable. Her boobs looked nice but not real large. I'd never seen her this undressed before but laying on her back, it was hard to get a full sense of her body. I liked the width of her hips but I couldn't tell much about her butt. I kind of wished she'd get up and parade around a little.
She had a nice face, too. Cute but intelligent. And it seemed to me there was a little mischievous glint in her blue eyes. Her hair was reddish brown, auburn it's probably called.
"At the gym, right?" I said. "Tell me again what you do there."
"Pretty much just receptionist. Answer the phones, check people in and out, hand out brochures, stuff like that. The pay is ridiculously low but I get free access to the gym. That's the real reason for doing it."
I took a risk. "Well, looking at you, I'd say you're getting your money's worth out of that gym."
At that moment, I was across the pool from her but she raised her head, took off her eye protectors, looked at me and smiled and said, "Why, Billy, it's nice of you to notice."
I smiled back but was too embarrassed to say anything.
She laid back down, covered her eyes again and said, "You look pretty fit too, Billy. Do you work out?"
"Nah, sloshing this pole around pools all day is a pretty good upper body workout. Also, I play soccer on an adult league once or twice a week. Good for the legs and cardio."
I poured a half a gallon of chlorine in the pool and said, "Give it an hour and it'll be ready for your lap-swim."
"Thanks, Billy."
"Well it was good to see you, Pam," I said meaning it in every way. I took another risk: "And I like the new wardrobe..."
She lifted her head, removed the eye-guard, and with that glint in her eye said, "What? This old thing?"
She gave me a wry smile and said, "Speaking of wardrobe, what ever happened to pool boys wearing those short little athletic shorts. All I see are cargo shorts anymore. I guess those were the good old days, huh."
"Well, I wouldn't be surprised if you only ever saw them in movies or something. Still, you never know. Styles can change."
"Well, I wouldn't mind a little change." She grinned. "Thanks, Billy, see ya."
I grinned back and said, "Have a good week, Pam," and clattered out the gate.
As my week went by, the pleasant encounter with Pam kept returning to my mind. I had had a fairly serious relationship with a woman that ended almost a year before. I had had a few dates since then but there was nothing really special about them. I even had sex with a couple of the girls. It was fine but nothing really clicked. And now Pam. Really? The divorcée and the pool man: what a cliché! And still...
Little by little, through the next week my mind was wrapping itself around a plan that would be just slightly risky. I rummaged around in my drawer and found some old soccer shorts. They were very basic, just plain blue nylon, not part of an actual uniform. They were a little shorter than uniform ones and a little small for me besides. I usually wore a Hawaiian shirt to work. But I found a white tank top.
So, Wednesday morning, I left for work with the soccer shorts in place of my boxers under cargo shorts and the tank top under the Hawaiian shirt. When I got to Pam's, I wriggled out of the cargo shorts and left the Hawaiian shirt. While I was legally decent, I felt a little exposed. There were no pockets anywhere and I had to leave my wallet and phone behind. I had nothing but my truck keys tucked into the waist band of my shorts.
"Well, here goes!" I thought.
When I came around the corner to the pool deck, I was a relieved to see nobody was there. Then after all that mental buildup, I was a little disappointed. It's a little-known fact that often, due to reflections and light and shadow, the pool man can't see into the windows of the house. Someone could be standing right inside waving and the pool man looks like he's rudely ignoring them. It's just that he can't see. But I sensed movement through the kitchen window which I ignored.
I was working my way around the tile line when the sliding back door opened. It was Pam. She carried out two tall glasses of iced tea and set them on the patio table. She was wearing a light blue men's work shirt closed with a few buttons as a coverup. Her tan and shapely legs looked fine!
She looked at me across the pool and said, "Well, check out that new uniform! I like it. Come over here 'pool boy'. Have some iced tea."
I grinned and headed around to the table. She watched me approach rather blatantly, I thought. It was a little embarrassing. We both sat down and I sipped some of the tea.
She looked at me over her glass and said, "Billy, thank you for taking my wardrobe suggestions to heart! It's very thoughtful of you." She had that radiant smile and that mischievous glint in her eyes.
"Well, Pam, the customer is always right," I said.
"So how is your week going?" she asked as she picked up her glass and took another sip.
We chatted amiably for a while with no obvious flirting. I got to glance at her face and her hair and her hands and arms and the top of her chest. The more I looked, the more attractive she became. It was not perfection but her looks and personality all fit together comfortably into a charming whole.
We had mostly finished our drinks and I said, "Pam, this is great but I have a long list of pools to clean."
She got up and said, "Yeah, and this is my sliver of time to work on my tan."
I resumed my work and she took the glasses back into the house. When she came back out, she had lost the work shirt and was carrying a book, a towel and some sunblock. She was wearing a different bikini from last week, a black one. It covered about the same amount of her body but was somehow less substantial. More flimsy. I don't know...
We attended to our tasks: she was applying sunblock while I was doing the pool stuff. I was trying to watch her without being obvious. I doubted that I was doing it very well but she didn't appear to notice my sideways glances. It was exciting to see her rubbing her arms and legs and belly and shoulders with cream. But I tried to contain myself. I could feel my dick twitching under the thin nylon of my shorts but I was pretty sure it wasn't a tent yet.
As I was getting closer to where she was, she said, "Look, Billy, I know it's not in your job description but could you just do the middle of my back? It won't take a second."
"Sure," I said.
She put a dab of the cream on my fingertips and turned around. "Right between my shoulder blades."
I proceeded to apply the cream. Her skin felt smooth and warm and her back muscles felt firm and strong. The gym, I thought. From this vantage point, I got to freely check out her butt. It was splendid! Rounded everywhere but not fat. I realized she had a very narrow waist that set off her womanly hips to great advantage.
"Get it right under the bra strap. That's good."
I hesitated as if to ask, "Am I done?" I got no answer.
She turned back around and started coating her chest. Then, she got a big dab on her fingers and reached right inside the cup of her bikini top and started massaging it into her breast. This caught me way off guard and I couldn't do anything but gawk. She proceeded to the other breast and looked up as if she just noticed I was there.
"What?" she asked innocently, "This is just for later when no one is around."
That impish smile and twinkle in the eye again.
I was really twisted up at this point. That fine line again. Should I just grab her and kiss her? Then what?
"Oh, Billy, I've been wanting you so bad..." or "HELP! RAPE! Get off of me you animal!"
I eased away from her and she gave me an enigmatic smile, adding to my confused state. She laid down on the lounge chair to continue her tanning and I worked my way around the pool to finish up. I decided a complement wouldn't do any harm.
"Ya know, Pam, servicing your pool has become my favorite stop of the week."
"Then, I guess I can count on getting my pool serviced next week too?"
"Oh, yes ma'am!" I said.
"Bye, Billy. And Billy,..."
"Yeah?"
"I hope you stick with the new uniform."
I clattered through the gate and back to my truck. I was putting the cargo shorts back on when I noticed the front of my sport shorts had a pretty good size wet spot. Precum. "Aw, jeez," I thought wondering if Pam would have noticed. Well, if she did, she might be gratified that her teasing is working.
My thoughts turned to the Pam Situation often that week. I pretty much decided that if she kept up her flirting one more week, I would give her a strong sign. Break through the wall. Cross that fine line. Schedule be damned!
The next Wednesday, I rushed through the first few pools so I would maybe have a little extra time at Pam's late in the morning. I shed my shorts and shirt and was back "in uniform". (The trunks were freshly laundered and stain free.) I was a little early but she was already out by the pool. She was seated on a chair at the patio table, wearing the blue work shirt again, reading a book. As she looked up and grinned, I noticed a pitcher and two glasses. One glass was unused and the other was half full.
"Hi, Pam," I said, "Is that a margarita you're drinking?"
"How did you guess?" There was something in her voice and look that made me think it wasn't her first one. "Will you join me?"
"Well, it is a little early but they do look refreshing."
She stretched out a bare foot and slid a chair away from the table. I sat down. She poured me a glassful and topped up hers.
"I felt like a vacation this morning. Pretend we're at a seaside café in Puerta Vallarta. Right here by the water." She gestured to the pool. "The sun and the warm breeze are real!" She laughed just a little too gaily, I thought.
Still, it was a pleasant enough scenario and I could buy in.
"Si, Senorita. El dia es muy Bueno. Gracias!" I said probably butchering what little Spanish I had. We clinked glasses and sipped.
She said, "I'm glad to see you're sticking with the new uniform. One thing concerns me though. The upper parts of your thighs aren't tan like the rest of your legs. Aren't you worried you'll get a sunburn?"
"I hadn't noticed," I said. I slid the hem of my shorts up toward my hip an inch or two and said, "Oh, I see what you mean."
"May I offer you some protection?" she asked, holding out a bottle of sunscreen. I went to take it but she pulled it back and said, "Maybe I should apply it since it's hard for you to see."
"Good idea!" I said with genuine enthusiasm.
We both stood up. I just held still while Pam squatted down in front of me. Watching her carefully, I got the distinct impression that she wasn't wearing the bikini under that work shirt. As she started applying the sunblock just above my knee, I could see down the front of her shirt and her lovely tits were swaying freely as she worked. I could feel my cock swelling some. She worked her hands up my leg till her fingertips were under the hem of my shorts. She was really into her work and was rubbing away with both hands. My dick continued to swell and it was at her eye level and less than a foot away from her face but she didn't mention it. Neither did I. I was curious to see where she was going with all this.
Now her fingers were spreading sunblock beyond where it was strictly needed. They were running up the bottom of my ass cheeks and in front, tickling the hair on my balls. The treatment was really having an effect on me and my cock showed it.
She said in kind of a husky voice, "I see you've gone commando in your new uniform."
I said, "From here, it looks like you've gone commando too."
She pulled the front of her shirt away from her chest and looked down. "What?" she said, "I must have forgotten my bikini."
She looked up at me with a direct and mischievous look as she undid another button on her shirt. Then she proceeded to my other leg. By now, my dick was quite hard and pushing the front of my shorts out. With her vantage point and the light, I suspected she could see the whole package through the leg of the shorts. Still, she didn't mention it and worked the cream into the skin of my ass with one hand while the other one freely bumped into my ball sack.
"I can tell you're doing a thorough job," I said.
At this she stood up and said, "Done. I'm sure you're well protected now."
I reached my arms around her back and pulled her in for a kiss. She didn't hesitate. She grabbed me in a fierce hug and we kissed hard. Almost instantly our mouths were open and our tongues were wrestling around with each other. After a minute or two we broke apart.
"Come on," she said, "we're going inside."
She took my hand and started toward the house. With her other hand she was undoing buttons on her shirt. Just inside the sliding door was like a den with a sofa, a stuffed chair, a coffee table, a tv and so on. She wriggled out of her shirt and was totally naked. God, she looked good! Curves everywhere but firm and trim. Wonderful tan breasts with half dollar size nipples, a little darker brown. Her nipples puffed out a little and on the ends were a couple very prominent points. World class!
It registered on me that her ass was tan also and I briefly imagined her sunning out by the pool when no one was there. She stood facing me with her legs slightly apart and just let me look. She was watching my face as I studied her form. I looked at her pussy, completely bald and smooth. Were those her labia I see hanging down just a little at the bottom? This was a dream! She was a dream!
"Alright, my turn," she said. "Get that shirt off."
As I stripped off my tank top, she grabbed my shorts, worked them over my stiffy and pulled them down. Then she stood back and studied me as I had her. I felt a little self-conscious but fair is fair.
"Nice," She said. "Now help me."
She took one end of the coffee table and I took the other. She gestured with her head and we moved it toward the TV, opening up a big patch of rug. She grabbed a comforter that was folded up on the sofa and gave me one end. We spread it on the floor.
"No rug burns," she said.
Then she got down on her knees and pulled me down with her. We embraced and started kissing again but it wasn't long before she lifted her knees, one on either side of me and rolled onto her back with me on top. Pam knew what she wanted and was going for it!
But just to exert a little control, I got up on my knees and looked at her lying there, flushed face, lovely boobs, thighs spread wide open brazenly showing me a moist hungry pussy. I moved forward and taking my cock in my hand moved the head of it up and down her pussy lips. Between the two of us, we were well lubricated. I eased just the head of my dick into her warm slippery folds.
"Oh, Billy, do me!" she whimpered.
I obliged her, but slowly at first. I eased myself in and out and in a little more till our pubic bones were mashing together. Then I continued with long strokes, slowly increasing in speed.
"Oh, Billy..." she moaned.
"Oh, Pam..." I replied.
Then we were just fucking our brains out. I was watching her to see if she was going to come before I couldn't hold out anymore. I think she was very well primed and sure enough, she started to cry out.
"Oh...oh...oh...aaaaaaah"
Her legs and hips were spasming and I let go at the same time, slowing slightly while plunging deeply and squirting powerfully into her hot depth.
As the spasming subsided, I collapsed onto her, my head over her shoulder pumping air. She was breathing hard too and then I felt her shudder one last time. I don't know how long we lay like that. It was as if we were in a state of timelessness and nearly unconscious. Gradually, reality re-emerged and our breathing slowed. I raised up to support myself on my elbows and looked at Pam. Her eyes were open and we just gazed at each other. For me, it felt like a realization but of what? Her lips formed into a gentle smile and her eyes closed. We kissed tenderly, with just our lips touching but it seemed like as deep a kiss as was possible. Wow.
We needed to straighten our legs before something started to cramp up. In so doing, my dong came loose with a wet slurp. I gingerly rose and got some paper towels from the kitchen, returned and knelt between her legs. I used the paper towels to catch as much of the mess as I could. She gave a little squeeze with her pussy and a little more of our cream oozed out. I got that too. I think we spared the quilt.
Being this close to her juicy pussy, I couldn't resist. I lifted her legs into the air, got down on my belly and licked her all the way clean. From her delicate little asshole up to her mons, sucking her lush lips, I did my best to leave her shiny clean.
She said, "I love a man who cleans up after himself."
I crawled back up beside her and kissed her, this time with tongues mingling all our flavors together. Reality was still dawning on us gradually. I got up again and brought our glasses in from the patio. Pam had sat up and was leaning against the couch. I sat down beside her and we clinked glasses and drank our watered-down margaritas.
Reality, still dawning caused me to say, "So, when do the kids get home?"
She squinted across the room at the kitchen clock and said, "About 2 hours."
Then I said, "Ya know, I have other customers to service."
"Well if they get the same service I do, you're going to be one tired son of a bitch."
I said, "No, they don't." I looked at her and smiled. "You're special!"
We kissed tenderly again.
"Well, since I'm on vacation for the next 2 hours, I'm going to take a shower and a nap. Care to join me?"
"Sorry," I answered, "I'm not on vacation. And I AM sorry. Seriously sorry."
Was I being too responsible for my own good? Maybe, but I had a feeling this journey wasn't over.
The next day I called Pam. I had to leave a message, trying to recall what she has said about her work schedule. Since leaving her yesterday, I had sort of been vibrating with excitement, elation and anticipation. My phone rang just as I got into my truck after a service stop.
"Hi, Pam!"
"Billy! How's it going?"
"Really good. Are you back from vacation?"
"Oh, yeah."
"How was it?"
A pause, "Billy, it was the best vacation I've had in years."
"Really? Years?"
"Well...."
She said, "Look, Billy. I think my pool pump is making a funny noise."
"I'll be right over..."
"No. I think it will be ok till tomorrow. I'm dropping the kids at a birthday party at 4:00 and picking them up at 8:00. Maybe you could check my equipment around 4:30."
I said, "You're in luck. I have an opening right at that time."
She said, "I may have a few openings of my own. We'll have to see about them tomorrow."
I could just imagine the glint in her eye as she said that.
Friday afternoon, I was glad I had time to shower and shave before my last service call of the day. For this pool pump noise investigation, I wore my regular uniform: cargo shorts and Hawaiian shirt. I figured the neighbors might raise an eyebrow if I was semi stripped down for a 4:30 visit. Keeping to the script, I went in through the side gate like usual and went straight to the pool equipment. For no reason I can think of I was whistling the theme song from "Gilligan's Island."
I heard the sliding door open and looked up to see Pam heading my way. She looked stunning in a short green light weight sun dress that buttoned all the way up the front. The late afternoon light somehow emphasized her tan and highlights glinted in her auburn hair. It looked like her boobs were swaying freely under that dress.
I stood and she came into my arms and we kissed tenderly for a few moments. We looked into each other's eyes and smiled.
"You smell good," she said and laid her head on my shoulder as we embraced.
"So do you," I said as I poked my nose into her hair.
With my hands on her back, I could feel what might have been a bra strap through the fabric of her dress. But that didn't match her swaying tits. Discreetly I moved my hand around her back and definitely felt straps going this way and that but I couldn't imagine what she might be wearing. But boy, was I curious.
I looked at her seriously and said, "Pam, I'm curious about your undergarments."
She looked right back at me and said, "Billy, I'm curious about yours too." And then she grabbed my ass cheek through my shorts and gave it a squeeze. As it happened, I had omitted any underwear.
"If you could get this pump fixed we could look into other matters," she said as she undid a couple buttons at the top of her dress.
I leaned over her smoothly running pool pump and twisted a valve backward and forward one time.
"There," I said, "that oughtta take care of it."
"Oh, Billy," she said, way overacting. "Thank you SO much. How can I ever repay you?"
"Well, you could clarify your undergarments for me."
She just turned and started walking slowly away from me toward the house. As she strolled, she lifted the back of her skirt till I could just glimpse some emerald green straps circling the very tops of her thighs. This woman was something! What an exciting vision and my cock was paying attention. When we got inside, she gestured me toward the couch and said, "Have a seat. Can I get you a beer?" I noticed that the coffee table from the other day was still pushed aside.
She headed for the kitchen and I couldn't take my eyes off her. Mostly shapely legs and auburn hair from this view, but inside that silk top was a lot of lively motion and the allure of some strappy lingerie.
She had to know I was drinking in the view and there was a little of the showgirl in her movements. A little slowness in her gait, a little extra swing in her hips. As she returned with a beer bottle in each hand, the tips of her nipples were clearly wiggling around inside the front of her dress and yet where she had undone the buttons, I could glimpse a couple more green straps heading from her shoulders between her breasts. No ordinary bra, apparently.
She bent at the waist, quite unnecessarily, to hand me the beer. I obviously gazed at her chest and she clasped her hands together. In doing this, her arms squeezed her boobs together and bulged them out of the dress somewhat.
"Pam," I said, "I couldn't help but notice that the manufacturer seems to have left out some important parts of your bra."
"Billy, you're looking at the 'manufacturer' and I assure you the design is flawless."
With that, she stood up, spread open the lapels of her dress and presented her tits in all their glory. Her nipples showing arousal atop her puffy areoles. It did look like she was wearing a bra that was all straps and missing the cups. But there were some extra straps heading down from beneath her boobs into where her dress was still buttoned.
"Wait a minute," I said, "You made this?"
She looked me right in the eye and said, "Yup."
I was trying to get my head around the fact that Pam would put so much thought and effort into displaying herself in such an erotic manor. Was she a showgirl? Had she been? Did she want to be one?
"Well, ho-lee shit!" I said. "You are something else, Pam and really beautiful, too!"
"Oh, Billy. You're such a flatterer. You're just trying to talk me out of my dress..."
"That's not true!" I said. "But is it working?"
"Maybe...."
She looked at me with a faint smile and slowly moved her hands to the next button down. She swayed back and forth as if to some unheard music and released that button and the next. Now the straps going down branched off and I couldn't tell what was going on. But her hands kept moving to the last remaining buttons. Finally done, she planted her feet about shoulder width apart and put her hands behind her head and stood facing me with her dress hanging open all up the front.
"Oh my God!" I said, "You are so hot!"
There was a horizontal strap between the ones going down that had a sort of gold clasp right over her belly. There were straps at her hips heading around the back. The ones going down, continued to her crotch and passed either side of her pussy lips. It seemed like there was a little tension on the straps which made her already lush lips bulge a little more. To add to that effect, the straps I had originally seen from behind when we were walking in, went around the very tops of her thighs forming a distinct thigh gap at her pussy! I gently pushed back the hem of her dress and saw that those thigh straps were kind of suspended by another strap that went up to the ones going around the back.
Taking my suggestion, Pam slowly turned around while removing the dress entirely. She stood facing away from me, again with her feet apart. Now I could see the straps coming up from her crotch went between her ass cheeks all the way up to her shoulders and became part of the bra again. The ones coming around from her hips continued across framing her lovely ass like the top edge of a bikini.
"Oooh. This is unbelievable!" I said.
She waggled her ass at me and said, "Kinda fun, huh?"
I reached out and put a hand on her hip. I think I felt her shudder at my touch. She started to revolve her hips slowly with my hand in place. I followed the strap around from her hip to her ass. I hooked my finger inside it and gave a tug. It was slightly stretchy. I could see how it fit her fantastic curves so well.
I relocated my hand to her inner thigh, just above her knee. She continued to sway and I let my hand ease its way up her thigh. Since I was sitting on the couch, I was about eye level with her lovely butt.
"Does all this stay in place when you bend over?" I asked innocently.
"Let's see." With that she slowly bent at the waist and her gym time showed as she touched the floor with her fingertips. This had the effect of totally exposing her asshole and hairless pussy to my view and I'm sure she knew it. Her pussy lips were definitely glistening with wetness.
"My God, Pam, where is all this coming from? You could be a porn star!"
"Pretty slutty, huh?" she said smiling at me from between her legs, upside down with her tits hanging high on her chest.
Before I could reach out and grab something, she stood back up and turned around. Standing right in front of me, she leaned forward putting her hands on my shoulders to support herself and kissed me. Our lips and tongues were enjoying a moment while my hands reached out and found her breasts. I lightly dragged the backs of my fingers across her nipples which were pretty stiff already.
Then she took one hand from my shoulder and reached for my lap. She found my boner under my shorts and kind of felt it up.
She pulled her head away and said, "You're overdressed."
Then she crawled up onto the couch to kind of kneel with one knee either side of my thighs. As she started to undo buttons on my shirt, I moved one hand from her tit to her pussy which was gaping there between my thighs. She had these incredibly prominent pussy lips that were juicy in every way. I just felt around down there smearing her plentiful moisture up and down her folds.
By now she had my shirt all the way unbuttoned and she leaned forward and rested her head on my shoulder while feeling my chest with one hand. She seemed to rest there enjoying my toying with her pussy. I was impressed that her harness design didn't interfere.
I gradually slipped a finger into her just a little, then pulled it out and slid it up and down her lips again. Then I put it in a little further. The next time I had two fingers in there and made a special effort to find her clit when I slid them up again. This made her moan and it felt like she shuddered a little.
Since this seemed to be working, I got my other hand down there too. I inserted the two middle fingers of my left hand and sort of hooked them around her pubic bone hoping I was maybe homing in on her G-spot. With my right thumb, I found her clit and started massaging it slowly.
That husky voice of hers again: "A little faster..."
I tried to keep some coordinated rhythm with both hands as I gradually ramped up the speed. She started to rock her hips back and forth just a little bit to the same rhythm. Then she started to moan too.
"Ohh...ohh...ohh...OHH...OHHHHH!"
And with that she came, shuddering. The rhythm was broken and she was just sort of vibrating uncontrollably. I felt her teeth high on my shoulder near my neck and held still hoping she wouldn't take a chunk out of me. I put my whole hand over her whole pussy and very gently massaged as she descended from her orgasm.
Gradually, the tension went out of her and she was just sort of draped over me with her head on my shoulder facing away from mine. When her breathing had returned to normal, she sat back up still astride my thighs, smiled and kissed me again quite tenderly. I withdrew my hand from beneath her and showed her how wet it was.
She agreed and said, "That was a good one alright!"
She reached down and brought her hand up, showing me two fingers glistening also. She poked her fingers in my mouth and I sucked them clean of her juices as we looked each other in the eye. I took my wet slippery hand and anointed each of her nipples.
She sat back and I played with them for a moment when she said, "You're still over dressed and I need to get up before I get a cramp somewhere."
With that, she eased off me and slowly stood straightening up and gaining her balance. Fit as she was, she recovered quickly and held out her hands to me to pull me up off the couch. I stood and she pushed the lapels of my shirt off my shoulders and I helped shed it onto the couch. Then she ran her hands down my sides and, over my shorts, down my hips.
She was looking to undo my fly when she said, "What's this?"
She squatted down as if to get a closer look. All this time, my stiff dick had been tucked sideways pointing off toward my right pocket. She ran her fingers along its length stopping at a big wet spot on the tan khaki.
"Looks like I wasn't the only one to get excited," she said.
Through the wet fabric she gave the head of my cock a squeeze with her fingers and then quickly undid the fly and eased my pants down until my boner sprung free. The shorts dropped and I kicked them aside as she took my cock in her hand and gave me a sort of sleepy but intense look. She moved her gaze to my dick and squeezed it, milking a big drop of precum out the end. She spread it all around the end with her thumb and forefinger and it felt so good that my cock was as hard as it's ever been. She moved her mouth toward it but instead of taking it in her mouth she drooled some saliva onto the head. Now with all this lubrication she slid her hand up and down it in a most entrancing way.
"Oh, Pam," I said, "You got some mad skills."
"You think so? Let me know what you think of this."
And with that she took the head of my dick in her mouth and coordinated sucking with the sliding of her hand up and down. Gradually, she took more of my unit in her mouth and shortened the stroke with her hand. It was heavenly.
"Heavenly!" I said.
"Hmmm," she replied through her full mouth.
Then she withdrew and still holding the base of my cock she dragged the wet slippery end around on her face as if she was clumsily applying makeup or something. She moved it around her cheeks, under her chin, along side her nose, across her eyes over her forehead and back again. It left a little wet streak all around her beautiful tan skin. Watching her do this was the greatest sensation.
"I like this thing," she said and then licked the underside from base to head and it was back in her mouth again.
"Well if this is what you want to do with it, just let me know whenever you want to borrow it," I said.
She stopped sucking long enough to say, "Oh, Billy, you are such a generous pool man!"
"Service with a smile," I said, smiling.
With that she resumed an expert blowjob and really seemed to enjoy it. She grabbed the backs of my thighs and actually forced her head forward so my cock was as deep in her mouth as it could go. With that and her lips and tongue, not to mention all this buildup, the sensation was overwhelming me and I knew I couldn't hold out much longer. I wasn't sure how she felt about sperm so I warned her.
"Oooh, I'm about to come, oooh."
She paused long enough to reply, "I hope so!"
With that she dove back onto my cock and kept at it. Finally, I just thrust my hips forward and let go. She kept a grip on my dick and sucked down my sperm as if she were thirsty and holding a water hose in her mouth. She swallowed freely while milking the cum from my dick with her hand. The sensation was overwhelming and I was thrusting and squirting uncontrollably. Finally, the sensation subsided and she was finishing up the last few surges of my ejaculation. She gently licked my dick, now no longer stiff as a crowbar.
"There," she said, "All clean," pronouncing the process finished.
I took her hands and helped her stand up and took her in my arms. We just hugged for a long moment, naked except for her green straps. My junk was mashed into her hip and her pussy was tight against my thigh. We were both in a state of euphoria. Unbelievable!
Finally, we separated and Pam said, "Thirsty? I'm thirsty."
We got our beers and had a long swig.
She said, "I was busy working on my costume here so I didn't make dinner. But I have some cheese and crackers, chips, carrot sticks, stuff like that. Interested?"
"Sounds pretty good to me."
"Have a seat," She gestured to some tall stools by a counter height bar looking into the kitchen.
I gave them a glance and sat down. "Good. Vinyl seats. In case my thing is still drooling."
As Pam moved around in the kitchen, getting out food and dishes and stuff I couldn't take my eyes off her. She was so graceful and seemed so comfortable in her own skin. The green harness affair accentuating her curves and accenting her tan and auburn hair.
"Pam, how long have I been doing your pool? Almost two years? And I've never seen you looking so hot! How can this be"
"Looking back, I can kind of see an evolution, too. I got married too young, had two kids too early. When my marriage went on the rocks a few years back, I felt pretty beaten down. The only good thing I can say for that lousy cheating husband is that he knows how to make money. So, I got a good lawyer, I got this house and some alimony. With child support too, we're doing pretty good.
But it's taken me a while to get over the trauma. I have to be strong for the kids. They've been my whole life since the divorce just trying to give them 'normal'. But lately, the routine has been comforting, the kids seem to have survived and I have felt myself looking outward again, if you know what I mean."
"What, so you looked 'outward' toward the backyard and there I was?" I said, with a wink.
She laughed. "Geez, Billy, you make me sound like a cougar or something!"
I said, "Don't get me wrong: this is one of the best things that ever happened to me. I've never been seduced before. But my own doubts have me asking 'why me?'"
She had put some plates and food and stuff on the counter in front of me, handed me a cold beer and sat down next to me. We were quite companionable, two naked people sharing a snack.
"Yeah, these vinyl seatsarea good idea," she agreed.
"Why you," she paused. "Well, Billy, you've always been friendly, professional, reliable, cheerful. And unless you have a wife at home waiting dinner for you, honest."
She looked at me expectantly.
I smiled and paused for effect then said, "No, no wife."
"Well, there you go then. What should I have done, gone to a bar on a Saturday night? Don't forget those two kids. Un-uh. No thanks.
"But Billy, what is your story? You seem kind of educated...."
"For a pool man?" I finished, grinning at her.
"No, no, of course not!" pause, "But, yes."
"Alright. Yes, I did go to college right out of high school. My dad was in insurance and he thought I'd slide right into a career. I stuck it out through the business program in college but once I got into the office, sitting under fluorescent lighting, talking on the phone and chasing paper all day, I was miserable. It sucked.
"A friend of mine was in the pool business and it looked pretty cool to me. A seven-figure salary was out of the question but he seemed to be doing ok. Still is for that matter. That was about six years ago and I was still living at home so I didn't need that much income at the start. I found that the college helped me understand how business worked and the rest I learned from other pool guys and seminars and shit. Now I got my own apartment and I'm doing pretty good. I'll show you my five-year plan if you want."
"Perhaps another time," she said. "But how come you're not married or something?"
"I'm very choosy," I said. "Not many women exceed my high standards like you do!"
I put my hand on her thigh and leaned over and kissed her cheek.
"Oh, Billy," she said. "No, seriously...."
"I am being serious. I've dated a few girls that were nice and fun and all but 'fun' was all they hoped for. I'm not sure what, exactly, but I expected more. I did have a serious relationship some years ago. But she thought she was getting an insurance executive, not a pool boy." I laughed. "Better to find out then, I guess."
Pam said, "Well she didn't know what she was missing."
Here, Pam swiveled her seat around so she was facing me and went to kiss my cheek. But I turned my head so our lips met. With crumbs of salt and traces of salsa, it was a very tasty kiss. She also put her hand on my thigh and my dick immediately responded by lifting its head. I put a hand on her breast and captured a nipple between two fingers giving it a little squeeze. She moved her hand up my thigh and grabbed my cock and gave it a little squeeze.
Then she drew back and said, "Let me clear away this mess and I'll give you a tour of the rest of the house."
I had only seen the den and kitchen so far. She showed me a nicely decorated and nicely kept living room, dining room and entry hall.
"It looks like you are a pretty avid housekeeper," I commented.
"I have a maid that comes every other week. I couldn't do it without her."
Then I followed her up the stairs. The view of her lovely ass and legs working around under the green harness straps as we climbed was mesmerizing. It kept my cock at half-mast.
There was obviously one boy's room and one girl's room, both cluttered but clean. There was a bathroom between them. At the end of the hallway was the master bedroom and bath. The bedroom was big and airy with pre-dusk sunlight coming in the windows. The bath had a shower and a tub.
Here, Pam surprised me by sitting on the toilet and peeing while I was right there.
"Another benefit of my outfit: I don't need to get undressed to piss!" she said looking me right in the eye.
She reached out and poked my cock and said, "Do you need to go?"
"Yeah," I said, "but I can't do it in this state and you fondling it isn't helping."
"Oh, all right, I'll leave you alone."
I stood there forcing my mind to think of pool filters, truck carburetors, plots on tv shows. Anything to ignore my erect state. I finally succeeded.
Back in the bedroom, I found Pam standing at the window looking out over the back yard. She was playing with one nipple and seemed quite content. My dick was rising again at the scene as I walked up behind her and put my arms around her. She leaned back against me and trapped my cock between her backside and my hip. I put my hands on her boobs and she put her hands over mine. Her tits were getting a kind of four-handed massage.
I said, "Aren't you a little nervous about standing here naked in front of the window?"
"A little," she said, "but a little excited too. What if some old guy sees me and he gets excited and starts yanking his crank. He's having fun and I'm having fun thinking about it. No one is the worse off for it."
"But what if he's a real creep, a serial rapist or something."
"That's a risk but I think it's pretty small. This is a safe neighborhood which I know is no guarantee but still, I feel like most guys would just say, 'I was lucky to be looking at the right time.' Besides, its not like I'm putting on a show every night."
"Would you like to? Put on a show every night?" I asked.
"What, here in my window?"
"I was thinking more of on a stage at a night club or something."
"Hmmm," she said and wriggled out of my arms. "Like this?"
She kicked off her sandals and stood up on the end of her king-size bed. Since she was essentially nude, she couldn't really strip. But she started with her arms hiding her breasts and a hand in front of her pussy. She writhed around rhythmically, even humming a little as if to a soundtrack in her head. The bed was springy and made it difficult to prance around normally but she didn't lose her balance. Gradually her arm fell away exposing her boobs and her hand left her pussy and she continued writhing while squeezing her boobs together and pushing them around with her hands.
Getting into the act, I clapped and whistled when she was particularly provocative. She smiled at the 'audience' and made little kissing motions with her lips.
She grabbed a nipple with her thumb and fingers and gave it a good pull. She sort of swung her boob around by the nipple. She repeated that with the other one and by then they were both flushed a darker color and standing up at attention.
By this time, my cock was also standing up at attention.
Then she turned away from me and did the classic bend-at-the-waist ass view. Here, she swung her hips from side to side showing how lithe and lively she was. She definitely wasn't bashful with her bottom nicely framed by green straps, her little asshole peeking out and her pussy lips glistening. I whistled some more and grabbed my boner and massaged it a little.
She turned back around to face me and then she squatted down. She gradually shifted her position till she was leaning back with her arms supporting her from behind. Then she gradually opened her legs til her knees were wide apart and her pussy was completely on view. Amid all this erotic performance, I had to admire how limber she was. Finally, she brought one arm around to the front and rubbed her hand all over her pussy. She dipped two fingers between her labia and brought them out wet.
Now Pam hooked her wet fingers at me with a "come here" gesture and I approached the stage. When I got within range, she stuck her fingers out toward my face and poked them right in my mouth. As I was licking and sucking her fingers, she broke into a laugh, and broke her pose laying back on the bed with her knees up.
She said, "Come here, Sailor, and tell me what you think of my performance."
I slid up between her thighs with my cock homing in on her pussy and laid right on her. I kissed her ravenously, biting her lips, her chin, licking her neck and ears and then I backed away a little and looked at her face. Her eyes were sparkling and I'm sure mine were too.
"Does that mean you thought it was ok?" she asked with a wry smile.
"Oh, Baby, that was fantastic. If you ever get tired of working at the gym, you got a second career waiting for you."
"Right, I can see it now: 'Joe, do you mind if these kids hang out here behind the bar with you? It's my turn on stage'."
"Well," I said, "If you're ever looking for a private audience, I'm your man!"
We scootched our way up the bed a little and she wrapped her legs around my butt. My dick found her opening without any outside guidance and she was so ready it slid right in. I went very slowly but as deeply as I could. Pam gave a low moan. Gradually, I picked up the pace and she responded with some hip action.
"Oh, that's it, Billy, fuck me!"
We were both whimpering with each stroke. As we sped up, we got louder too.
I said, "I'm going to c-commme."
She breathed, "C-commme inside meee!"
A few seconds later I held one deep thrust and exploded. She did the same. I groaned loudly and Pam squealed loudly. Our bodies became rigid and powerful as we repeated the thrusts a few more desperate times, panting. I collapsed on her as we gasped for breath and I realized we were both sweaty. That just contributed to the euphoria of the moment.
As I lay there, breathing hard, my mind was a tumble of emotions, sensations, thoughts, questions. I realized I was making it hard for Pam to breathe so I rolled off her and she rolled toward me. I put my arm around her and she nestled into me putting her leg over mine. Our breathing returned to normal and we were completely relaxed. I could tell, we'd both be sound asleep in five minutes and I whispered that to Pam.
"Oh, no," she said, "not this time. I gotta go get the kids and hope, Mr. and Mrs. Benton don't say, "Gee, Pam, you look like you've just had a good fucking."
"Does that mean I have to leave?"
"Much as it grieves me to say it, you're just too big to keep hidden around the house."
With that, she rolled away and grabbed some tissues from the bedside stand.
I looked at her back and said, "So how do you get out of your outfit?"
"What, now you want a strip tease?" she said grinning over her shoulder.
She stood up and faced me, undid the gold clasp in front and that let all the other straps relax and she shrugged out of them. The straps left an imprint on her skin.
I smiled at her and said, "You are amazing!"
She answered, "You're not so bad yourself. You know, we've been hanging around basically naked for the last few hours. Do you think we're nudists?"
"Could be," I said. "We'll have to research it."
"Well, for now, we both better get dressed and pronto."
Just a little later, both dressed, we kissed sweetly at the sliding door to her patio. The sunset was fading into night.
"G'night, Pam."
"See ya, Billy."
I headed around the back of the house.
She called, "Oh, and Billy..."
I turned.
"Thanks for the pump repair!"
I grinned and walked on. For some reason I was whistling the Triumphal March from "Star Wars"