Kinship Texas.
Population 2021.
Same as the year.
A quiet little one-horse town, unless you count the Harley's. At one time it was a bustling little community of small family-owned businesses. Surrounding a large Aviation parts manufacturer, it kept the locals fed and clothed. Over a hundred years earlier there used to be ranches and farms. One horse per family in most cases. Back then Kinship was named Next of Kin. Graveyards for fallen soldiers escaping the Alamo. Don't believe what you've read in the History books. Hell, there's even a family with the last name Crockett living here. Boone even. Speaking of...
"How's it coming back there Boone?" A stunning redhead with her long red mane pulled around her shoulders lifts her head, its tips died black as if feathers. Swigging a drink from a tin flask she waits on a reply after buzzing stops. Eyes narrow from a hard night of drinking.
"You try finishing a tat when your canvas is as naked as the day she was born." Her native American tattoo artist scowls wiping away blood from her upper back. He had been working on this woman for 18 hours straight. She had barely flinched. Unlike his dick. Halting only to smoke a cigarette and rub one off every four hours behind her. This bitch was fucking fine. He had known her since childhood. Both born here in the early 90's.
"Quit stroking your tattoo gun and finish up. My train leaves in..." She reaches to her right for a pocket watch dangling from her jeans next to her..."8 hours, 15 minutes. Gonna be done by then?"
"You're the one wanting the full back and shoulders done. Be glad I finished your tits yesterday. How are those hands holding them up?"
"Reaching for the sky Pardner."
"You're one tough girl Sadie Lynn. So, where's the Army deploying you next?"
"Nowhere, I'm out. Staying stateside this tour. I'm done with deserts."
"No shit. I thought you were career. Vacay in Hawaii?"
"I wish. Uncle Sam's got me going to Kansas. Got hired as a head of security at a place called Wyndham Explorations. Tornado alley no less."
"You always did give good blowjobs." He sighs firing up his gun to add more ink.
"As if you would know. Must have been a lot of bragging while I was gone." She rolls her eyes.
"If I get you done early..."
"Not gonna happen Tonto."
"Now that's just racist Sadie Lynn."
"Fuck you Comanche Boy."
"I'm older than you White Squaw with pretty colors."
"By two years."
"I remember wrestling with you as a kid."
"I whipped your ass every time."
"Untrue. Be more respectful. Your ass is right here for me to whip." He dares to slap her ass as he lifts his needle away from filling in the wings of an eagle.
"Good thing that's not your tattooing hand. Soon as I get up, I'm using that bowie knife by my boot to cut those fingers off."
"Why? So, I don't do this?" He jabs a pinky into her anal pucker.
"So dead. I swear."
He laughs at her. She merely scowls and takes another drink from her flask. "Wish you had more time here. My Grandfather would love a visit from you."
"Sorry Boone. Between burying my own Grandpa and tying up his will I barely had time to sit here with you. Give Newton my best."
"He did want to give you something. Ride up there with me for thirty minutes before your train?"
"Fine! Finish the bird before I flip you the talons."
"Now that you mention it, the gold watch looks damn good in the eagle's talons."
"That was important to me. I appreciate the perfection in your talents Boone."
"I have many talents."
"Yeah, yeah! Think with your tattoo hand not the one on my ass. My luck you'll trace your hand on my butt cheek."
"Interesting idea." He strategically places his hand over her butt as if planning. She shakes her ass to change his mind. That called for another drink. "Is that your father's flask?"
"Handed down." She lifts it to show off, "Sixth generation possession. Been in my family since 1865. My Great yada yada yada Grandpappy Jessup was one of the first Texas Rangers. That's why there's a star etched into the pewter. Little wore down in spots but it's there."
"Funny that he was a Texas Ranger, but your last name is Outlaw."
"I know right? He disappeared without a trace in 1877. Word, was he caught wind of some bad hombres in the Texas Rangers and they had him killed. No proof of that, but it's out there. Definitely not on Ancestry.com."
"I recall hearing that story now. When we were teenagers. You wrote an essay on the Rangers your sophomore year."
"You remember that?" She hisses.
"I also remember the Teacher ripping it up calling it hogwash. Not right."
"Mr. Butler was a prick. I barely passed his history class."
Boone hesitates to clean her wounds when he hears motorcycles revving outside his Ghost Town Ink parlor. It used to be an old mercantile. Barely up to code these days. Sadie Outlaw lifts her head groggily from the booze intake. Two days of hard drinking was just now taking its toll. Definitely no lightweight. She could drink most men under the table.
Stirring Boone felt uneasy about the new arrivals. "You better get your clothes on."
"Why? As if I'm afraid of a few bikers."
"You may be a badass in the Army Sadie, but we're talking gangs here. That's Korso and his crew, the Copperheads."
She stares out a lone picture window in the front of Boone's shop, to see six burly bikers with enough hair to be women. She corks her flask and reaches over for her knife. Sliding it closer she grins. Nothing spooked the Outlaw.
"Keep inking."
"Your gangbang Sadie."
"You're here as back up. Break out your tomahawk."
"Already have it handy." It was in a specially designed slot beneath his table believe it or not.
"Can't be too handy if your free hands still rubbing my ass cheek."
"Sorry." He removes it not even realizing it was still hovering. Approaching the front door Jake Korso barged in with the sound of a jingling doorbell over the threshold. He was a good 280 pounds of muscle, tattoos, and beard. Following him in were two others, less threatening, but ugly just the same.
"Afternoon Boone Tickle Bear."
"Korso. What brings you to my reservation?'
The burly biker rubs his beard looking over Sadie. "Mighty fine canvas you got there. Howdy Ma'am." He winks at her.
"Stop being respectful. You know I'm no Ma'am. Call it as you see it." She narrows her eyes at him while sifting through her jeans for a pack of cigarettes and a butane lighter. Cig to her lips she lets it dangle as the men size her up.
"Nice work there Boone." Korso looks over Sadie's shoulders, his eyes trailing over her back to just above her butt crack along the small of her spine, there a very ornate logo of a skull with a crossing of a rifle and a blade. "Special Forces? One shot, One kill. Now isn't that interesting. What's the fine print say?"
"It says, Thank You for Your Service." She huffs.
"Damn! That's hot." The two other bikers seemed impressed, both puckering their lips at each other.
"Why are you here Korso?" Boone sets his tattoo gun aside in favor of standing tall.
"Easy Indian. I'm not here for trouble. Just waiting on a package delivery. Damn!" He strokes his beard, "You wanted me to call it how I see it...that is one extra tight ass."
"I hear that a lot. Military style. Try bouncing a quarter off of it." Sadie lights her cigarette and takes a drag without using her fingers, exhaling a thin line of smoke. "I'm sending up smoke signals Boone. Get to work on my tat. Time's a ticking."
The bikers admire her fearlessness under pressure. Being totally nude in a compromising position, knowing they would love to manhandle her. They could tell she was tough.
"Mind if I get some privacy here?" She hisses without looking at any of them.
Boone moves to cover up Sadie's lower body with a towel. Sadie wouldn't have it.
"What are you, my masseuse? Get that rag off me." Hearing her Boone frowns. She was trying too hard to be the badass. The bikers would call her out eventually. Removing the towel Boone settles in his lean over her and begins tattooing again. One of the other two bikers moves around Boone making him uneasy.
"Relax. I'm only checking out her other tats. Rattlesnake coiling around both legs."
"Not a Copperhead." She growls.
"Too bad. You'd be one fine ole' lady."
"Nice tan for a redhead. No tan lines even." The third biker noticed.
"When you're in a fuckin' desert like Afghanistan for six years you have lots of time to fill. Suns harsh, so am I."
"You talk big." Korso nods, "No AK-47's here in Kinship."
"Don't need one. AK-47's is for pussies. I prefer a Norwegian HK416. Battleax with kick."
"Nice." The man behind her eyes her parted legs. A sweet pinkness clamped tightly like a clam made his mouth water.
"The Swedewacker or me?" She winces taking another drag.
"Both." He chuckled.
"Fellas!" Boone rallied to her rescue, "She's on a timer here. Her train leaves in less than 8 hours and I have at least six hours to finish this tat. Can you please wait outside for your package?"
"Calm down Brother." Korso raises his palms. "It's hot out there."
"Hotter in here." The third biker known as Roadkill chuckled crouching in front of Sadie. She blows smoke in his face with a wink. Swatting the nicotine aside he smirks for effect. Noting her thong laying with her bra and other clothing he stands picking it up to inhale it. "Oh, that's beautiful."
She lifts her head eying his enjoyment, "Those won't fit your fat ass."
"My big dick wouldn't fit in that tight ass pussy."
'Had bigger than you, I'm sure."
"Damn you got spunk."
"What part of privacy don't you get?" She hisses with a bitter bite.
"Beware Brothers." Boone shakes his head.
"I think she's all talk." Beastro, the second biker chuckles. "These snakes here lead up to some fangs?" His hand caresses her inner thighs, easing in between her leg's mere inches from her pussy.
"Only one way to find out." She reopens her flask taking a drink before corking it again and setting it aside. She winks at Roadkill still sniffing at her thin white thong. As Beastro rubs fingers along her slit Boone reaches for his hand. Korso in turn pats his concealed Glock.
"Like that Chica?" He grins toward his friends.
Nodding she clamps her inner thighs hard around his hand pinning him in. Rolling over she drags him sideways into an awkward stance. Raising her butane lighter she ignites a fire and spits her whisky at Korso. A blinding flash of flame makes him flinch. Leaping off the table holding her bowie knife up to Korso's chin while Beastro falls to the floor at their feet, she leers at Roadkill who had pulled his gun. Before any further violence could ensue the bikers outside whistled loudly.
"Bet I can sever his carotid and blind you with his blood before you get off a shot Panty Waste." Roadkill looks at Jake. Korso's attention dropped to her 38C's with hand tattoos palming both breasts. Both hands with a middle finger pointed high flipping him the birds.
"Holy shit!" Beastro grunts from the floor looking up between her legs. "Bitch has Rattler heads bearing fangs over her cunt."
"Bet my venoms tastier than yours. I let your hand go you get up and walk out of here. Let me get my artwork finished in peace. Pleasure was all mine."
Korso notes a Police Bronco outside. An Officer getting out. "Yaeger's here. Put your blade away Hotstuff. No threats."
She unclamps her upper thighs releasing Beastro to wave his arm to regain circulation. She smirks. "Just imagine what I can do if your dick was in there. Maybe your face."
"Damn! Bitch is crazy."
Another jingle of the door, a large older Cop entered removing his sunglasses. Eying Sadie from head to toe he shakes his head. "Same ole' Sadie Outlaw. Trouble at every turn. Gentlemen? Not so gentle I'm sure...word of advice? Find yourselves another hookup. How many confirmed kills you got now Sadie?"
"Forty-two shy of Chris Kyle's record Wyatt. Not even a Sniper."
"How's about with that knife there?"
"27. Four from thirty feet away."
"Jesus!" Roadkill tosses her thong on a chair.
"Keep 'em to remember me by." She growls.
"I'll pass."
"Outside Boys." Sheriff Wyatt Yaeger encourages the bikers with a nod. "Nice work Boone. My grandson Duke might hit you up here soon. He's been talking crazy. Something about a cobra. Too many snakes in these parts as it is. Copperheads. Rattlers..."He eyes Sadie's long legs. "Good to see you again Sadie. How long you in town? Deployed again?"
"Out for good Wyatt." She slaps Beastro on the ass in passing. Looking over his shoulder he sees her blow him a kiss. "See you around lover. Gonna say anything about my indecent exposure Wyatt?"
"Would it do any good?" Yaeger frowns.
"You know you always liked the girls." She points at her tits. "The boys don't like you much though. As you can tell by their hissy fit." By the boys she was referring to her twin rattler tattoos surrounding her thighs and snapping fangs at her cunt.
"Nice birds. Give my best to your Momma." He tips his Stetson and takes his leave. Before resuming her outstretched position on the cushioned tattoo recliner, she watches Wyatt and the bikers talking.
"Some things are better not knowing Sadie Lynn."
"I hear you Boone." She really couldn't have cared less.
With the dust settled Boone Tickle Bear continued his work. In five hours instead of six. He was proud of how it turned out. Her eagle looked majestic and savage at the same time. Coating her with antibacterial ointment and sealing it in under plastic wrap he sits back and has a cigarette with her.
"Bike or Jeep? Either of those relics even run these days?" She sits up getting dressed. Forsaking her bra due to the tat she tosses on her black tank top. Tossing her thong in his garbage can with a frown she points at him. "Don't go digging those out and hanging them from your rearview mirror." Smirking she shrugs, "Aw hell! Live a little."
"Jeep runs. Suzuki needs a fuel pump."
"Let's go see Newton before I run out of time. My Mom's driving me over to El Paso to catch my train."
"One can never run out of time unless the clock stops."
"Always a shadow clock. I thought you Indians invented that."
"Laying on the Earth Mother prematurely invites the vultures."
Pulling her jeans up he gets his final view of two dueling Rattlers fighting over her burning bush. She knew Boone was staring. Hissing at him she winks, "One snake in, one snake out. Only skin needs shedding is lambskin."
"Why do you taunt me so?"
Patting his chest, she puts her socks and boots on. Lastly her women's black Silverado cowboy hat with shiny silver disks banding the brim. "Ready to ride?"
"Right here." He unzips his own jeans. All he got from her was playful sneer. Out the door she went. Lights out Boone locks up his parlor and walks with her around to the back where his old 1973 Jeep Commando was hiding.
"Some things never change. Hopefully the oil." She sighs. Crawling up into the Jeep she listens at a horrible turnover of the engine. Boone peaks a brow as it finally starts.
"Still life in the old stallion."
"Good. Maybe I'll fuck Newton when we get there."
"You are indeed merciless Sadie Lynn."
"You know it." She rubs his leg letting her fingertips slip over his obvious erection. "Oh, not the gear shift. My bad."
"Clutch first." He pushes it down to the floor. Instead of rubbing his crotch she yanks the shifter into reverse.
"Two hours. Ride like the wind Cochise."
"Apache. Get your tribes right."
"Whatever. DRIVE!"
"I am so very offended." Regardless he smiled at the beauty. Reaching the edge of town Boone veered off the beaten path into a rather turbulent journey. Holding on for dear life Sadie had slipped up in judgment by not fastening her seatbelt. A seriously uneven piece of private real estate sent her toppling left into Boone. Her chest rubbing his arm gave him the idea to hit every pothole on the prairie.
"I'm so gonna beat your ass once we stop." She growls holding the windshield frame and the dash. He wasn't giving her time to look for a seatbelt. Not that there was one. The Jeep being as old as it was had a few less accessories since inherited.
"Relax. At least I have airbags if we flip over." He wags his eyebrows while checking out her tits. Nipple action noticed he chuckles, "So that's where I misplaced my arrowheads."
"You're a riot Tickle Bear. Gramps still living up on that bluff?"
"Ancestral land. What little we have left on the Rez. By the way, tell me about this new job. You apply for it?"
"Nope! General Westmore actually approached me about it. Said he recommended me."
"What did you call the place again?"
"Wyndham Explorations." Another hard jostle nearly throws her out the side of the vehicle. No doors didn't help.
"Exploring what?"
"Top secret stuff. I'm just the new security chief. Everything moved so fast with my Gramps dying from Cancer six months ago then dad dying last month, I barely got the gist of the place. Big complex though. All I had time for was a brief introduction. Signed a few wavers threatening lawsuits if I talk about what I see there. Series of inoculations I had to endure which kind of made me stress over. What type of Explorations am I going to be doing in a building? Right? Unless there's biochemical shit going on that I'm not privy to."
"Kansas you say? Maybe they plan on sending you to Oz."
"Hope not. Singing munchkins and flying monkeys make me nervous. Of course, I might swipe a few gold bricks on my way back home." She laughs as the countryside levels a bit more. It didn't last long. This part of Texas was pretty rugged. Mountains in the distance although not the largest in West Texas still challenged the locals. As they continued onward Sadie found pleasant memories of the area. Her Uncle Brandon used to bring her there in her teens and teach her rock climbing. She grew up tough and thrived on it. She missed her Uncle Brandon who passed while on a tour during Desert Storm. It was her uncle that inspired her to beat the odds and become one of the very few women in the Army Special Forces. Without him to tutor her in pretty much everything he knew before his tour she might not be the invincible bitch she had matured into.
"Getting close Sadie."
Snapping out of the traffic of memory lane at Boone's revelation Sadie saw smoke rising from a short cliff side. With Boone's pointed finger she recognized the neighborhood. She often wondered just how an old geezer like Boone's Grandfather climbed up that high. He had to have been 80 by now. Comanche strong she smiled. At a post driven into the desert floor, marked with a band of eagle feathers, Boone came to a halt. His Jeep sputtered, sending tailpipes smoke signals up as a signature arrival.
"If that buggy doesn't start back up and I miss my train you are buzzard bait."
"It will start. Do not worry your pretty little head, Outlaw."
"Still not bedding you down."
"Someday my dream will come true."
"My hormones have been riled up of late, which is weird, but I still don't swing toward fellas whom I call family."
"Your hormones were always busy." He grins as they walk together toward a rope ladder heading up the small cliff side.
"Yeah, I know. Kinship as a town moniker didn't help. I enjoy being friendly." She laughs as Boone becomes a gentleman offering her the lead on the ladder. Suspicious she shakes her head, "You just wanna watch my ass."
"I see your ass every time you visit. Is today any different?"
"You know I live to torture you Boone."
"I manage afterwards."
"I bet you do." She makes a hand motion as if he were jerking off. Smirking she accepts the rope after putting on her pair of rawhide gloves. A lesson well learned from many blisters. Although even they seemed to fade away as fast as they were unwelcomed. That was another thing about Sadie, in her entire life she had rarely even caught a cold. She just choked it up to the healing power of good alcohol. Of course, even then she was never drunk long. Zero hangovers no matter how much she imbibed. Her parents always told her that she took after the Outlaw gene more than her mother's side. Never much thought on it after that.
"Still hanging on down there Boone? Didn't miss a step looking up at my camel toe, did you?"
"As you say... wrong desert. No camels here."
"That reminds me. I need cigarettes before you drop me off at my mom's."
"How is it your lungs keep up Sadie Lynn?"
"You've seen my tits. Best set of lungs in West Texas."
"What lies beneath is where I worry."
"Bet I could run 10 miles and barely wheeze." She reaches the top and crawls over the stone wall that prevents a restless sleepwalker from falling to his death. At least that was what the family laughed about many moons ago. Dusting herself off she peers down at Boone leaning over with her hands on her hips. "You coming or not?"
"Is that a that's what she said joke?"
"Well, I am a She."
Another couple minutes he reaches the top and snatches up her hand to assist his final climb. Even though weighing more than Sadie, she yanked him skyward as if he were nothing. Astonished by her strength Boone winces. "Have you been working out?"
"You just tattooed my body. Did it look like I had any fat anywhere?" She maintained her grip on his hand even as he lowers his gaze over her front from head to toe. "If you say fat pussy, I'm throwing you off of here."
"It never crossed my mind."
"Sure, it didn't." She chuckles and drags him in front of her, "Me neither. Lead the way Tinkle Bear." A manhandled twist places him in the lead, her palms slapping the back of his vest to make an entrance. Ahead of them was a rock hut if you could call it that. A simple dwelling with many padded blankets on the floor, animal hides texturing the walls, ceramic pots in the corners, traditional ceremonial items. It was an ancestral home for Medicine Men. On the innermost wall toward the floor was a secondary entrance appearing as if a tunnel. It required them to get on their hands and knees to crawl within. Again, Boone gallantly offers her the lead. She grimaces and drops down on all fours moving into the darkness. Boone directly behind her follows, barely able to see. After ten feet Boone collides face first into Sadie's ass, his nose buried where dreams come true. "Seriously?"
"Sorry." His words muffled over her cLameltoe as she might claim as its pet name.
"No, you're not." She wiggles her butt across his features before crawling forward toward a distant flicker of fire. They could hear low level chants and the shaking of ceremonial rattles until a visual of an elderly man sitting nude makes Sadie peak an eyebrow.
Standing up inside the chamber she looks up into the sky through a hole in the ceiling casting sunlight upon the man. She squints noticing what looked like three birds circling the sky chasing one another. As Boone pulls himself up behind her, she points at the birds for him to acknowledge.
"Eagles. "He whispers barely audible but to her ears perfectly versed. In that same instant the rattles cease and the chanting halts.
"The three brothers come to greet you, Sadie Lynn." Impressed that he knew of their arrival she presumed her perfume gave off all the knowledge he needed.
"Hey there Grampa Newton. Long time no... you might want to put some pants on." She hides her grin while Boone scurries around Sadie in an assist to cover his grandfather. He wouldn't have it. Newton Ruffled Feather pushed his jeans away.
"Let an old man sew his oats." Newton waves Boone aside, "Come Sadie Lynn. Sit with me."
"Alright. Not in your lap though." She was brave enough to move in front of the elder and cop a squat Indian style, Boone crouching to her left.
"You have grown."
"Ummm! So have you it looks like." She winces at the elder's erection.
"Grampa please. Be respectful."
"What are you babbling about?" He follows their point at his dick. Unashamed the elder frowns, "The Great Spirits have called out to me to join them as I was once born." A directional circle of his hands around him leads their eyes away from his nudity.
Sadie looks around the cavern walls at cave art. Animals of every type etched into stone or painted in blue. She could almost sense eyes upon her. Looking at Boone, for once he was staring away. Newton had his own eyes closed. Shaking off her sensation of being watched she wonders if the incent urns were giving off some chemical hallucinogen like peyote. She would know for sure if her mind began playing tricks on her. All she could think of was missing her train.
"I can live with the... forefathers." She clears her throat, "Boone says you wanted to say hi while I was in town."
"The Great Spirits have chosen you Sadie Lynn Outlaw."
"Chosen me?"
"To embark on a great vision quest. Far away you will go."
"It's just to Kansas Newton." She chuckles.
"You have been prepared all of your life. Taught to survive at all costs. You are strong as the Bear. Fierce like the Puma. You see things as if the soaring Eagle." Newton points at the circling eagles above. Following his finger, she's reminded of them.
"You got those eagles trained Newton?"
"They are the Great Spirits here to see you off. The four brothers."
"Four? I count three."
Feeble yet exertive Newton Ruffled Feather stands tall nudging Boone away as he tries to assist him. Circling his fire Sadie observes him limp toward her. Her thoughts commenting on other things not so limp. Overlooking it the best she could another thing crossed her mind when the term wood entered her jest. How did Newton get wood for his fire way up here? With no time to ponder it she follows Newton as he stands over her. Not easy with a seven-inch cock four inches from her face. His hand touches her shoulder where she had recently had Boone tattoo...
"The fourth brother." Newton acknowledges as a piercing call of bald eagles' force Sadie to look skyward once more. This time the three eagles had landed on the rim of the rock skylight, staring down at her. He removes her plastic wrapping over her fresh tattoo even as Boone asks him not to. "There are no scars. Have you never noticed?"
"I-I guess I heal fast. Now that I think about it my other tats were the same way." Pinching the front of her cleavage to examine her TIToos she winces at Boone. They too had healed quickly. Boone could only shrug, having no answers.
"Medicine courses through your veins?" Newton lifts her arm.
"Yeah actually. I've had quite a few shots lately, before and after coming back to the states. Procedure to avoid being a carrier from one part of the world to the next. Why?"
"Have you not noticed even the needle marks are gone?"
"What are you getting at Newton?"
He caresses her back over the tattoo. "You wear your family heirloom."
"Yes. In case I ever actually lost it I had Boone ink it on to me."
"Within the talons of the fourth brother. He will keep it safe."
"Sure. Sounds like it's in good... talons."
"You are not the same Sadie Lynn I knew as a child."
"Hmm! I'm me Newton. Well except more in shape." She lowers her gaze and grabs her tits, "Oh, and I had these enlarged. Other than that? I paint my nails more often now. Trying to return to my feminine roots more. When you're a soldier that can be put aside some."
"You were always a warrior."
"Thanks Newt."
"There is something different about you." He lifts her chin to look deep into her eyes. "Yes. You have indeed been defiled by the white man."
"Say what?"
"Your eyes relate what he has done. I see your vision quest before it has begun."
"Ummm! Do you see me missing my train?" She resists his gaze and looks at her watch. "Times ticking Boone."
"Kansas..." Newton shuffles away and returns to his seat.
"Yes. My ranking General arranged a job in Kansas. Wyndham Explorations. Don't ask. Even I'm not 100% sure what they do." An eagle above lets her know they're still present.
"As the wind explores the world, so shall you. The brothers will watch over your journey."
"It's just Kansas. Sizeable place just South of Wichita."
"The Wichita tribes name for themselves was "Kitikiti'sh" or "Kirikirish," meaning Paramount Men. Paramount Men means Men of Supreme power." Newton offers his wisdom.
"Wow! You must read a lot. Where do you hide the encyclopedias?" She jests.
"Behind the Mason jars. They were free." He shrugs not laughing at himself but smirking at least.
"Nice to know Newton." Even as she slaps her upper legs to get up something about his joke made her uneasy. As Boone watches her circle the fire and bend over to kiss Newton on the forehead the eagles above screech and take flight. Three feathers filter down and land in the open fire, burning as the smoke leaves a pungent odor. A shrill cry makes her back tingle. Eyes flaring at the warm sensation she smiles. "That was certainly interesting. Take care of yourself Grampa Newton...that too." She points at his erection, "Don't let it get too close to the fire. You might just roast that wienie."
Snatching up her hand he pats her palm. "All of the Great Spirits will be with you Sadie Lynn. Console them." A tingle in her hand this time makes her worry that she might be having a stroke.
"Gotcha. I'll visit again soon. Love ya Grampa, like you're my own."
"Go with wisdom and grace. I will think of you often."
"Just not when you take care of that." She shies away on purpose pointing again at his erection. He finally had to laugh.
"Do you think I am my grandson?"
Boone winced dramatically, "Really? You're drawing me into this?" A pat on his grandfather's shoulder he too bids goodbye. Trailing Sadie toward the crawlspace Boone spots her looking at the cave paintings.
"Where do you think I got the idea to be a tattoo artist?" Boone stood proud of his family.
Ignoring him she reaches out and touches each of the animal drawings. With each one she hears in her minds-eye the sound each might make. After five touches she shakes off her imagination and chuckles. "Sorry! Just consoling."
Strangely, Boone understood. This time Boone led the way out. Intentionally doing as she had earlier, halting halfway on his hands and knees until Sadie collided her face with his ass. He laughs thinking it only fair until he feels her hand squeeze his scrotum hard digging in nails.
"Oh, look there's a rattler in here." She growls. "Poor baby. Don't even ask me to suck out the venom. Move before I miss my train."
He moved. Slowly but he moved.
After giving them enough time to reach the Jeep. Newton uncovers a hidden secret from below a blanket next to him. Producing a cellphone, he dials a number. A swift answer later Newton mutters the words... "Sadie is prepared." Just as quickly he hangs up. Amazing in itself considering cell towers were few and far between way out there.
Even for 80, Newton Ruffled Feather was rather energetic with his free hand. The chanting from earlier resumed without the rattle. It wasn't the snarl of the Great Spirits this time. Totally Newt.
********
El Paso train station, a few hours later.
"Time's up mom. They're boarding now. Thanks for putting the pedal to the metal."
Sadie hauls her large shoulder bag of personal things. Barely making it back to her mother's ranch she had time for nothing more than a fast shower and to show off her new tattoos.
Sadie's mother Mary gets emotional knowing her daughter was always gone for such long periods of time with every departure. Palming Sadie's right cheek lovingly she chokes on her words. "I wish you didn't have to leave so soon after the funeral."
"I know. It seems like everyone in our family dies off when either I'm gone, or they're gone. You know I'm a phone call away. The new job set some ground rules for me is all. Timetable stuff the CEO's said. Not sure what that means but seeing as I'm Head of Security something must be pretty important that needs guarding."
"Please be careful Sadie. All we have is each other these days." Mary notes the locket around Sadie's neck, the family heirloom passed down to her by her father over a year ago when she last took leave from the Army. Lifting the locketwatch locket she opens it to peer at the two photos within. One of her Great, Great, Great Grandfather Jessup Outlaw and that of his wife Bonita. "I'll miss these two as much as you. It was always such a comfort with them around. Even if it is only in photographs. Sometimes it felt as if their spirits were around to keep us company."
"I know. When Dad finally showed the locketwatch to me, I felt as if a pair of hands gripped my shoulders. I wish he could have accompanied us here. Why do all the Outlaw men have to die on us gals?"
"He... is taking things easier now in heaven with your grandfather. Please don't tell me that's why you had hands tattooed over your breasts." Mary scowls at her daughter's touched shoulder comment.
"Not hardly." Sadie smirks with a queer look in her eye, "Long story. Your daughter has some secrets too. Someday I'll fill you in. At least find comfort in the fact they're a man's hands."
"I never once thought you were into women."
"Who says I'm not into both?" She laughs. "We both know I'm so far from being an angel that I borrowed a hacksaw to cut off my chastity belt when I was..."
"I don't want to know how old you were."
"Good because I'm not telling you." Sadie mimics her mom. "You know you're proud of me even though I'm a slut." Her remark makes Mary sidestep her depression in favor of an eye roll.
"Of course, I'm proud of you even if you didn't take after me." Mary presses her palms together while looking toward Heaven. "Please forgive my daughter Oh, Lord."
"Better be asking for more than my soul Momma. My sins go deep." A second departure warning forces Sadie to throw her arm around Mary and drag her into a tight hug. Kissing each other's cheeks Sadie picks her bag back up and turns toward the glass doors leading to her train. "There's the final boarding call. I love you Momma." Tears fall from Mary's eyes as she waves goodbye. Even as Sadie exits, the waves became never ending.
Outside Sadie tilts her cowboy hat up to look at each of the cars diligently. Her ticket gave her a sleeper cabin for the long journey to Kansas. Locating the car, she passes a ticket taker who informs her to have a safe journey. Heading up into the car she finds herself alone. Not a soul besides herself were in sight.
"Car to myself. What do you know?" She finds her sleeper, opening it up before getting comfortable. Taking a seat, she rests quietly until the train pulls out from the depot. Waving at Mary through the windows she settles into it for the first couple minutes before taking her cellphone out and oddly writes a text to her father, wherever he was. A simple "I love you Pop. Don't be a stranger. I'm here if you need to talk." It went unanswered. Heaven was like that. Her back itching, she found a comfort in her eagle's talons as a back scratcher.
Four miles outside of El Paso in the desert, she yawns before pulling out the seats into a bed. Setting her alarm on her cell she prepares to take a nap. Ditching her boots and jeans she stretches out in her thong and tank top. Knowing she was the sole resident in the car she didn't even bother to pull the curtains. Besides that, she didn't care who saw her even if other passengers boarded later. Out like a light.
Just how long Sadie Outlaw had slept she was unsure. Waking up she eyes her cellphone and realizes it was off. "How in the world? I know I set my alarm." Peering out her cabin window she realizes the train wasn't moving. Sitting there a few minutes she puts her jeans and boots back on to check out the dining car. She figured she would find out why they were stopped in the middle of the desert. Reaching the door between cars she bulges her eyes.
"What the hell?"
Peering out the front she learns there was no forward car to pull hers. A quick glance backwards down the aisle she finds daylight through the back door as well. Swallowing dryly, she attempts to open the front door. It was locked. Eyes narrowing, she makes the stroll to the back door.
"This can't be good. Why would the train cars to both sides just disengage and leave me stranded? Forward I can understand, but where did the back four cars go?" Locating an intercom, she pushes the button as if there were someone around to answer. Maybe there was.
"About time you woke up Master Sergeant Outlaw."
"General Westmore?" Voice recognized; her eyes grew thin hearing her former commanding officer.
"How are you speaking to me from a com with no connection?"
"Get a good look at the landscape Outlaw. Notice anything?"
Sadie looks out the side windows. "Looks like I'm on high ground. Did the train engineer go and leave me stranded in the mountains?"
"Look further."
She heads back to the door and realizes something she had missed. "Where are the rails?" Seeing this she bolts to the back to find no tracks on either side. "WHAT THE FUCK! What's going on here General? I thought I was headed to Kansas. Did I get airlifted somewhere?"
"Not exactly. I'll let Professor Carlsbad explain things. Before I go... I salute you Master Sergeant. You were the best of the best. I'm counting on you. Survive this tour of duty and come home safely."
"Wait a minute. I'm not in the Army anymore. This still looks like Texas so fess up General. Did I get sent on some mission I never signed up for?"
"You did. The mission of a lifetime. Here's the Professor. God be with you Sadie."
"GENERAL? WHAT THE HELL IS GOING ON?"
"Hello Sadie. My name is Anson Carlsbad, chief science officer at Wyndham Explorations. Apologies due for not meeting you when you visited our facility a while back. Things were quite top secret. You were recommended for a very special mission. I will ask you to please remain in this car until the doors unlock. The energies surrounding you are harmful until they dissipate."
"Energies? Am I radioactive?"
"Not quite. Temporal energies. Your car is a specially designed time capsule disguised as a railcar. This will be your home base for the next year. Once you leave it will go into stealth mode. Only you can see it or enter its interior. If you were to step out before it is safe you might be drawn further back than necessary. Without the capsule."
"Further back?" Sadie was a fearless warrior but today she questioned the need to express fear. "Where am I?"
"You are still in West Texas. Only not the Texas that you grew up in. Sadie Outlaw? Welcome to the year 1876. The Centennial draws near."
"1876? Whatever!"
"I do not lie Miss Outlaw. Everything you should need to accomplish your mission is within this car. Maps. Food for two weeks. Water. Even arms. My time speaking with you draws close to an end. Once the outside temporal energies fade, so will my transmission. You will find books under protected panels in the floor. Read them, memorize them. Your mission will become clear. You will leave time capsule messages for we in the future to locate at preordained locations. A generator toward the back will give you enough power to listen as they explain things further. Be well Sadie Outlaw. Congratulations on being a successful time traveler."
"Don't you bastards ever ask permission?"
"You were chosen for your unique talents. We have prepared you for a good long while now. Faith in you is strong. I envy you..." Dead silence. The ending transmission leaves Sadie Lynn Outlaw speechless. Almost.
********
June 8th, 1876.
She should have never taken the job. No benefits. No pay. Just plenty of vacation time on the good folks at Wyndham Explorations.
"FUCK YOU GUYS."
********
Back in the year 2022...
Boone Tickle Bear had returned to his parlor to make sure the Copperheads hadn't trashed it once the Sheriff had left. Everything looked fine. Settling back to clean up his needles he looks at his tray of paints which he had left out in their hurry to beat her train. Glancing at his paint bottles, Boone Tickle Bear squints at something that catches his attention. Lifting up a bottle of paint to look at the label more closely he discovers something interesting.
"Huh! Made in Wichita, Kansas. What are the odds of that?"