"Are you going to bring anything to cover up with?" Marietta asked.
"I already tried Marie, I can't stand the feeling of touching clothes. Even holding this purse feels odd against my skin but I need something to carry my ID and keys. Plus I can just leave it in the car if I'm with you," Sonya said
"So we are leaving the apartment complex and riding in my car?" Marietta asked amazed at what she was hearing. "Are you sure about this?"
"Marie, I'm not sure about anything right now. I'm about leave my home with nothing but a purse and I'm totally ok with it. You know how odd it is for me to say that, accept it, and still do it? I'm actually fighting the urge to masturbate right now. Even though I'm about to leave out stark naked, I want to be a little normal. If possible. Though I'm pretty sure this is my new normal. I just feel compelled to stay naked and do everything naked and play in my pussy at all times. I can't explain it. I guess I have a growing addiction. Instead of drugs, its orgasms. It's embarrassing to admit this but I can't stop."
Sonya wasn't lying. Marietta watched Sonya's nipples get rock hard and her clit stood to attention once again. "We don't have to do this, we can find help for you instead," Marietta said for the first time feeling very concerned for her friend.
Sony replied, "Marie, no. My mind is made up. What am I going to get help for? I don't want to go back to my boring life full of nothing. I know what I'm about to do is break all sorts of taboos but my sexual awakening is probably exactly what I need. Let's go!"
And with that, Sonya walked right out of her apartment butt ass naked with no clothes. She had no safety net. No cover. Marietta locked the apartment door and quickly followed. She could not let Sonya's hot body out of her sight.
Sonya had already gone down the first flight for stairs. Ass bouncing and tits giggling. The sensation of her bare feet touching rough surfaces was new for her. She never went out barefoot. "I hate the idea of shoes. But maybe next time I'll try flip flops," she thought to herself. She didn't care that she was naked. She actually felt more alive exposed like this. She felt even better the further she got away from your clothes. Marietta had caught up with her enjoying the sensation of going braless. She was amazed that Sonya was doing this with total confidence.
"So how does it feel Sonya?" Marietta asked.
"It feels like I should have done this a long time ago," Sonya replied. "I feel more at ease right now than I ever have been wearing clothes. Let's get to your car so we can go somewhere!"
"You are not worried about being seen?" Marietta asked.
"Yeah. I'm not sure how anyone will react, but I'm going to try my best to act natural"
"Ok. I'll watch out for you." Marietta was a little nervous, but she had to help her friend. This was the first remarkably interesting thing Sonya has done that one would consider daring or ambitious. While the sudden shift of Sonya going from meek and boring to wild and naked is a lot to take in, Marietta was enjoying the ride.
It was late evening and a lot of people were usually inside anyway this time of day. Surprisingly, no one saw Sonya walk naked to Marietta's car. There were people everywhere all around walking their dogs or on their phone but Sonya's naked walk went unnoticed because she was acting natural. Potential onlookers were too far away to really notice.
Sonya noticed this quite quickly. Her feet hitting the warm asphalt were the sensations she took most note of. Everyone was in the distance and even some people were facing here but really didn't process that a naked woman was walking out and about. It was probably due to the low light of the late evening. Sonya was first to get to Marietta's car. Marietta beeped the lock open. Sonya still just stood butt naked by the car with a smile on her face. She only had her purse.
"You really are enjoying this aren't you?" Marietta asked.
"Like I've said before Marie, I just can't explain it! I could cum right now. You see how hard my nipples are and my clit is a dead give away! Might as well call it a mood ring!" Sonya said that as if it was the most normal thing in the world. She didn't even bother to keep her voice down. Marietta looking around, noticed that everyone in the distance really wasn't paying attention. Maybe she could get used to this.
"Looks like acting natural is working," Marietta said.
"Yeah this is great! Let's go somewhere!" Sonya said with excitement.
The two women got in the car. Sonya rolled the windows down. Marietta was leaving Sonya's apartment. Sonya had no clothes or any emergency cover and was loving every second. For the first time in her life, Sonya was genuinely happy. All she had to do is was stop wearing clothes. She couldn't believe it was that simple. Marietta saw a changed woman. All smiles all nude.
Marietta drove a midsize SUV. This did afford Sonya some cover from driving motorists as many would not be able to see in easily. "For all they know, I just have a tube top on," Sonya snickered.
"Too bad you can't wear a tube top even if you tried!" Marietta responded. She was also smiling and having a laugh with her friend. They pulled out of the apartment complex and headed down the street. Sonya's clit was sticking straight out and throbbing. Marietta could smell sweetness again. Luckily she had a seat cover.
"Getting turned on again are we?" Marietta asked.
"You bet! I'm going to have to get used to this. I can't be touching myself 24/7 right? I want to right now, but I don't want to miss out on seeing people as we ride along," Sonya said.
"Your call," Marietta said. She could feel her nipples stiffen again. Sonya's free spirit was really a turn on. She could be her own fetish at this point.
"I'll wait," Sonya said. I want to see how far I can go and see how horny I can be before I have to give in. It's fun to edge and push that limit. Let's see how long I can go before I need to get off. I love doing this!"
"Have you decided where you want to go yet?" Marietta asked.
"Hmm, I want to walk around somewhere but I'm sure the parks are closing because it's already late. It's the weekend. Maybe we can check out a business place or something? A lot of places are not open on the weekends so it should be pretty quiet there."
Marietta thought about the situation. It sounded like a good idea. "Ok," she said. "Let's do it!"
Sonya's theory was indeed correct. She had the windows down in plain view of cars in traffic and no one noticed! Marietta had to concentrate of driving so she couldn't look at Sonya as much as she liked. Sonya's eyes looked at all cars hoping for a reaction. No one was paying attention. While she was disappointed she wasn't seen she was certain this naked thing could be done! She started to think about giving all her clothes away. Lost in thoughts, Marietta drove and they eventually arrived at their destination.
The business complex was totally empty except for a few work trucks in the parking lot. With the exception of security cameras, it was a pretty desolate place. Sonya saw this was the perfect opportunity to test the waters being naked in public. Without hesitation, the naked goddess left her purse on the floor and got out the car stark naked.
"You were not going to let me check before you got out?" Marietta asked playfully.
"No, If someone sees me, oh well," Sonya replied. "This is my clothing of choice and I'll have to get used to it. Let's walk around." She walked away from the car. Sonya was miles from all her clothes and now even her purse was being left behind. Marietta hurried to get closer to this boldly naked woman who has said no to clothes.
The business complex was shaped like a horse shoe. Being that there were no retail outlets in the area, it was desolate. But there were lights on in the parking lot areas and some business had lights on in front of their doors. Marietta got an idea. "Hey stand under a light. I want to get a picture for 'Reddot'.
Obediently, Sonya stopped under the next light. Her naked body was illuminated and her features more defined. It was enough light for the camera to get a good picture. She struck a few poses and Marietta took pictures. She even turned and stood sideways and thrust her hips forward showing her very erect clit. Satisfied with posing, they moved on to the bottom of the 'U' of the horseshoe. Marietta had counted about 5 cameras so far.
Sonya took notice and said, "I'm not worried about the cameras. I just love the freedom! They probably won't check unless their business got broken into anyway." She did a twirl in front of the 6th camera." Marietta noticed Sonya's feet were getting black on the bottom. "Are you not worried about your feet getting dirty?"
"The question is can I even handle wearing sandals Marie," Sonya replied. "Not only do I hate the idea of putting anything on my body, I don't think I'm physically able to any more. I'm pretty sure I'm getting worse and I don't want to stop!" Sonya reached down and started jacking her clit. She had turned herself on even more talking about hating clothes.
It was a heck of a sight to see Sonya walking and masturbating. "I guess I can only last about 30 minutes before I give in to my horny desire," Sonya turned and said to Marietta. "You know, no one is around." Sonya reached into Marietta's shirt..she winced at touching the fabric. She took Marietta's tits out her shirt. "There you look better," Sonya said with a smile.
The two women continued their walk. One was butt naked and openly masturbating and the other had her tits out. They finished walking the bottom of the U shape of the business complex. They were now very far from the car. Sonya has been naked for 45 minutes straight and she's been walking around naked in public for about 10 minutes.
"Looks like we are getting closer to the car," Marietta said.
"Looks like I need to cum before we get there," Sonya said.
Still keeping her walking pace, Sonya jacked her clit faster. She inserted a finger in her pussy as well enjoying the sensation of twirling in her juices. Sonya was dripping wet and every few steps, Marietta saw a droplet of pussy juice hit the ground. Sonya had started to moan and was having difficulty walking. Her hips would buck occasionally. Marietta decided to record a video. It's not every day you see a very attractive woman masturbating while naked in public and walking around. Marietta was glad Sonya took her tits out. She started playing with her nipples watching the naked goddess.
They were almost to the car and Sonya's pace had come a crawl. She was getting close to cumming. Standing in the middle of the parking lot, she finally had her orgasm. She was dripping thick globs of her arousal from her hand and like before, it was a lot of fluid. Sonya moaned loudly in public. Once she got control of her body she sighed from pleasure and licked her hand clean. "I love this!" Sonya said. "I don't need clothes!" She said that while staring intently into the camera. Too bad Sonya's face was in the video. Marietta wasn't ready to do a face reveal on 'Reddot' yet. They just got started.
Marietta stopped recording the video to take in the sight of the beautiful bare caramel goddess once again. Up top was Sonya's natural curly hair, almond colored eyes, and full lips. Traveling down her slender neck to her midsection you had beautifully full perky C cup breasts that seemed to defy gravity. However, they were full and all natural. Her nipples were large and prominent but her brown areola were the perfect size framing her nipples perfectly.
Moving down further, her waist narrowed. Her belly button was an 'innie' with that signature toned look. Moving lower, her hips flared out to frame her perfectly proportioned ass (that Marietta wish she could see right now). Her pubic mound added more definition to her womanly features and the final icing on the cake was that proud and large 2 inch clit clad to be open to all the world standing proud always giving away Sonya's mood.
Traveling further down her body, her thick thighs maintained her proportions and toned down to tones legs and of course well manicured bare feet. It's a shame she doesn't want to wear shoes, but then Marietta couldn't imagine her naked in public with shoes on either.
Finally her beautiful well toned caramel skin, though it had hints of tan lines from from being covered, still had even tone all around without a blemish to be found. She was absolutely stunning to look at.
Still standing bare without a care, Sonya watched Marietta's eyes roam her body. Studying her best friends blue eyes intently kept the situation from being awkward. Instead of feeling awkward in this situation, she decided to take some time to study her friend and think. Sonya could see the spark in Marietta's eye. Today had been very special for her friend. For once, they could be the same as equals. Sonya was no longer a burden. She might become a handful with this naked lifestyle but no longer a pull down on Marietta's friendship.
When Marietta didn't stop staring, Sonya decided to study Marietta's DD breasts hanging out for all to see. She had nipples a little smaller than Sonyas and they were framed with larger areola. However, for anyone, they would be fun in bed. While they were a little saggy, she had nothing to complain about. Sonya moved closer and closer to her friend. They began to embrace each other. Tits touching. Sonya and Marietta locked lips.
Sonya shuddered at touching Marietta's shirt. The sensation of hot sandpaper was felt on her stomach. She fought through the uncomfortable feeling and continued to kiss her friend deeply. She reached up and grabbed Marietta's tit and squeezed gently. "Thank you for everything Marie," Sonya whispered. "I love you," Marietta replied.
Gently pulling away. Sonya replied "Please, let's talk about this right now Marie. Do you know what you are saying? For you to say that too me means that you really don't want anyone else but me? What about starting a family? What will your mother say?"
Marietta without hesitation replied, "I've had feelings for you since I was younger. You were the reason why I even accepted the reality that I was bisexual. I was always attracted to you as more than a friend. I saw past your flaws. I didn't care if you had a bland or boring personality. I think about you more than your realize and I'm not afraid to admit that right now. I understand perfectly that you may not see me as more than a friend right now, but at this moment, nothing matters more to me than your happiness. Today has been one of the best of my life watching transform into this naked goddess!"
Sonya stood there processing everything. Marietta was willing to do anything for her. Sonya was not sure about her feelings at the moment because her own love life was a mess. Choosing words carefully. "All I know is that right now, you are the right person for me. I say it this way because I don't want to risk our friendship for love. You have been there for all the important moments when I needed someone. You are the reason why I did not slip deeper into depression. I will never forget that. I don't want to go deeper and begin a relationship for me to lose everything."
"Sonya, I'm in this no matter what. I'll prove it to you." Marietta started taking off all her clothes.
Marietta took off her top first. She let it fall to the ground. She took her keys out of her pocket and let them fall to the other side. She placed her phone in her purse and also set them beside her keys. Bending down, she took off her shoes and socks and pants. She didn't bother to wear a bra and panties when she went out on her adventure with Naked Sonya. She stepped out of the pile of clothing and picked up her keys and purse. She locked eyes with Sonya who's jaw had dropped. Marietta spoke.
"If I have to go naked to prove my love for you, I'll do it. At this moment in time, your happiness matters. If you want to stop wearing clothes, I'll make it happen for you. If you need me, I'll be there. If you choose to be with someone else, I'll stand aside just and be your best friend. I'm tired of not being true to myself. My relationships didn't work because I could never eclipse the feelings I have for you. After struggling to maintain appearances and date men, you always won my heart!" Tears were beginning to form in her eyes.
Sonya finally understood how far Marietta was willing to go for her. An emotion that she worked hard to bury came to light. That emotion was vulnerable unconditional love. Who knew in this desolate business park, two women would bare their bodies and soul for each other. Marietta has put her heart outstretched for Sonya to do anything she would like.
Sonya once again stepped to her now naked best friend. Unrestricted by clothing, Sonya kissed Marietta deeper than she had before. Their hands started to roam their naked bodies. Fingers playing pussies, tongues intertwining in excitement. Hands cupping breasts, caressing and pulling nipples. The two naked women were bound by love.
"Marie, if this is how your truly feel, then I will take a leap of faith and begin this journey with you. For the record, I do not feel like you have sent me on a guilt trip. I just needed to know that no matter what, we would still be friends if something were to happen. Today I've given myself the beast happiness and pleasure. I know I might sound selfish, but I was expecting someone else to fill in this void and all I needed to do was fill it in myself. Even though I'm changing, you are right here and not letting go! I made the mistake of keeping others out of my life but you have stuck it out and here we are!"
Sonya embraced Marietta and rubbed her back. Marietta was still sobbing tears of joy.