Monday: It was a wonderful weekend for the Steele's and Lesley, but now it is back to reality. Frank per usual was the first up. Craig entered the kitchen and started breakfast.
"You want to come with me today and play golf?" Frank asked his father.
"I would love to later; I need to meet with Jerry first."
"Okay, give me a call when you're free, and I will meet you at the clubhouse. Frank stated and went back to the paper.
Emily entered the room dressed and ready to leave for the college. She sat at the breakfast bar. "Craig I will meet you at the college at three for the meeting. I have the document I will present to the administration roughed out. Read it, see what you think."
"Okay will do." Craig said as he placed the breakfast meal in front of his wife.
Lesley as usual was nude. She sashayed into the room with a bright smile on her face. "What a beautiful day, the sun is shining, and it is warm." She beamed always the optimist.
"Hi Lesley, you're chipper today." As Emily looked over the younger woman's body she stated. "Your tan looks good on you."
"Oh, I didn't notice! Thanks Mom."
"You're welcome! Could you type up the document I will reluctantly submit to the administration today. Print up eight copies please."
"Sure mom, I can do that for you and bring it with us this afternoon." Lesley answered.
Emily ate some of meal but wasn't too hungry today. She took a trip to master bedroom to apply minimal makeup. She entered the kitchen, "See you at three." She stated, gave Craig a kiss, and left for the trip to the college.
Emily arrived early, she wanted to work on the syllabus for the CI-101. She was approached by Miles Lowe. "Could you come to my office. I have something I would like to ask you." He stated in an embarrassed whisper.
"Sure, l how can I help you?" Emily stated as she walked with the administrator, she was concerned there was a problem, as his posture was of a person who was in turmoil.
Miles opened the door for the Professor, he said. "Please sit professor." He closed the door. "I don't know where to begin!"
Emily had an inspiration. She stood. "Why don't you start at the beginning." She stated as she started to remove her clothes.
"What are you doing Emily!" Miles stated in shock.
"I thought I was to be naked when I met with the college staff." Emily stated as she was out of her blazer and unbuttoned her blouse.
"Well, no you don't have to, but if you're more comfortable naked..." His voice trailed off as he watched more the beautiful older woman's body come into view.
By this time her blouse and blazer were over the chair back. She stepped out of her skirt and folded it. "Well do I keep going?"
"If you like you can?" Miles stated, now with an appreciative smile on his face.
"That is what I like Miles, you let me make the decision as to my undress code when we meet." She turned "Could you help me with my bra please." Emily askes as she turned her back to the administrator. He fumbles with the catches. "I think I need to promote a class called 'bra clasp 101' you need more finesse when you unhook a woman's bra. It will show you're in control of the situation. I should have my husband teach it." She laughed.
"This is what I want to talk to you about." Miles stated embarrassed as he fumbled with the garment.
"What my bra!?" Emily stated in confusion.
"No, no, I want you to instruct my wife to teach FEH-101. She says she wants a job. Our youngest is in the last year of high school and the other two are both out of college. I thought this would work fine for her and the money is good." Miles croaked as he handed the professor her bra.
Emily turned to him and sat in the chair after she slid her panties to her knees. She couldn't help herself she wanted to give him a full-on view of her honey pot. As she said. "Are you sure you want your wife to do this?"
While Miles thinks about the ramifications of his wife as a FEH-101 instructor. I will tell you a little about Miles and his wife Samantha. Miles is forty-seven years old with a PHD in Business Administration. He is five foot eight inches tall, dark hair with grey highlights, with brown eyes. He is a puggy two hundred and ten pounds from lack of exercise.
Samantha is five-foot-five-inches, forty-six years old, has a master's in education. She enjoys yoga, weighs in at one hundred and twenty pounds. Thirty-four C, Twenty-six, Thirty-six. Her brown hair is worn to her shoulders, with green eyes and light complexion. Samantha is shy and blends in with the walls most of the time.
Miles has thought it over. "Yes, she needs to come out of her shell. Sam is a wonderful woman but too shy. I realized that when I saw you in class last Thursday. You enjoyed it as did your husband. That is what I want for Sam and I." His voice quivered, because of the naked lady in front of him, who showed all her charms to him as he spoke.
"How will we accomplish this Miles?" Emily stated with a smile as she stroked her lady lips to the administrator's amazement.
"She is so courageous as to perform such an intimate act in front of me." Miles thought "I would like to have her attend your next class tomorrow." He stated.
"Okay, but I want to talk to her first. Have her meet me in the cafeteria at noontime tomorrow with you." Emily stated and continued. "The meeting this afternoon, I want you to be on my side. The Dean and Mr. Smidt wants me nude all the time in the proposal I was presented, and they had a PI follow me. Did you see the dossier on me which is detrimental to my professional career?"
"No, I didn't." Miles stated surprised as they only showed him the contract.
"I have a copy in my book bag." Emily stated as she pulled it out and handed the document to Miles.
He opened the folder. "What is this!" He boomed angry to see the photo of Emily spread.
She thought he was angry with her. "This is at a naturalist camp about two hours from here. We spent the weekend there and we were spied on secretly. The PI was there last weekend and we caught them. They were ejected from the camp." Emily stated hurriedly, she was concerned she would be fired.
"What you do on your own time is not my concern, as long it is not illegal. My concern is that Mr. Smidt, and the Dean are conspiring against you." Miles stated and continued. "I know you are one of our most valuable instructors. You have a class which is very difficult to instruct. You are totally exposed to the students. The faculty does not have your back." The administrator had a look of sorrow on his face.
Emily stood up. "I have to get ready for my class." She put on her bra. "Can you hook my garment for me Miles." She said and turned. He fumbled with the hooks. "I have to get lessons for you Miles." Emily laughed as she stepped into her panties and gave the administrator a pussy show as she brought the garment up her legs. She slipped into her skirt. Donned the blouse and the blazer. "See you this afternoon Miles." Emily said as she turned to leave.
"Thank you for your help Professor." Miles said in a sincere voice.
"Hope we can work something out which will be mutually beneficial to our college, our students and us." Emily stated hopefully.
Emily's classes flew by, noontime she went to the cafeteria and had lunch. She worked on the CI-101 Syllabus all afternoon. Emily was surprised when Craig, Lesley and Jerry showed up.
"Three already?" Emily stated.
"Yes, it is! Time goes by fast when your having fun." Lesley stated, with a smile. "I have the documents you requested printed up."
"Hold on to them. I had a meeting with the Administrator. Maybe we have someone on our side? We will see at the meeting." Emily stated.
"How so!" Jerry asked surprised.
"Let's see how it plays out." Emily stated emboldened by the morning meeting with Miles.
"I have all the photos the PI took at the camp and also as he followed all of you for the last month. They were all on the camera I confiscated." Jerry stated with pride. "I'm no lawyer but I think Mr. Bluster, the Dean, and Mr. Smidt have overstepped the boundaries of law to the wrong side in their exuberance to get you nude in public, Emily."
Emily and crew waited until four-ten to go to the administration conference room. The Dean, Mr. Smidt and Mr. Bluster were there already. There was a conspiratorial whisper among them as the group entered. With a we won smirk on their faces, as they nodded to Emily as she entered.
"How is everyone today Lenny." Emily stated.
"Ah we are good." They stated baffled by her gaiety.
The Dean, Mr. Smidt and the lawyer were concerned when at four thirty the Administrator didn't show up. Emily and her group took it in stride as they had more information than the Dean.
It was almost four- forty-five before Miles entered the room with a man of color in a three-thousand-dollar suit. "Good afternoon everyone, I am sorry I am late. I was in a meeting with my consultant on human-rights.
"Good afternoon everyone." The gentleman said as he sat down.
The Dean, Mr. Smidt, and the lawyer turned pale at the mention of a human rights consultant.
Miles stated. "Let's start with everyone going around the room and give us your name and position.
Everyone went around the room, the last to speak was the human rights consultant. "My name is Dr. Darrel Whitman I am professor of human rights law at Harvard."
Miles started the meeting. "I had a discussion with Professor Steele this morning and though she didn't say anything I feel there is an undercurrent of pressure to force her to do things she knows is not needed. I opted to call my good friend Dr. Whitman to make sure our Professor is treated with respect and the dignity she deserves." This was said with great admiration for Emily.
Jerry raised his hand. "I would like to speak in reference to Professor Steele's situation." He held up the dossier Emily was given by Mr. Bluster. "This dossier does not represent the true nature of the Professor. Although she goes to a naturalist camp, she is a true inspiration to the students she instructs. Furthermore, she instructs an intensive class FEH-101 which requires her to be nude and let the students intimately touch her to gain experience they otherwise would not and to practice on her body the instruction she gives. This is not something every professor is capable of."
Dr. Whitman raised his hand. "Professor Steele are you treated with respect for taking on this difficult class?"
"Mr. Smidt, the Dean and Mr. Bluster have continually demanded I be nude in public for no good reason. Mr. Smidt is using his money to bully me. The Dean, and Mr. Bluster are on his side." Emily stated as she turned on the theatrical waterworks. She slumped down into her seat and put her head in her hands and cried. It was a beautiful performance.
Craig and Lesley jumped up and went to the presumably stricken woman's side to comfort her.
"Why are you doing this to my mother-in-law?" Lesley screamed as she helped Emily up and had her walk out of the conference room.
Craig stood up you could see the fire in his eyes. "I have had enough of this. Mr. Smidt you will give this college the one hundred and fifty million dollars over five year or we will find a lawyer to do this for the college. I want to see the Dean replaced along with the lawyer. They will cause the college a great deal of trouble if they don't stop bullying my wife. She just wants to instruct her students to her best ability and bring honor to this higher education facility. I have to go comfort my wife now." He said as he left the room.
Jerry stayed behind he threw a few copies of the dossier on the conference table. "This is the garbage your faculty has been dishing out about the Professor."
The lawyer tried to pick all the folders up, but Dr. Whitman, grabbed one close to him. "Let me look at this!" He stated.
The Dean, Mr. Smidt and the lawyer were all talking at once to try to defend their positions.
"Sit down and let Dr. Whitman look at the file." Miles stated angrily.
For about twenty minutes you heard from Dr. Whitman. "Ahu, oh, Oh no! Oh, Aha. Oh my!" And this. "Mr. Lowe, I think you have a big problem here. If the professor wants to pursue it. Is there anything else I should know about?"
Jerry stood up. "I confiscated a camera from a PI that has some of the photos in the dossier. It looks like blackmail to me but I am no lawyer?" The PI stated another nail in their coffin.
The Doctor. looked over the photos on the camera. "You better find out what the Professor wants and give it to her." Dr. Whitman warned the Administrator after he scanned the photos.
With that the meeting adjourned.
Craig and Lesley walked a tearful Emily through the college halls they went the long way for effect and the most exposure. The students who saw the Professor looked on with pity.
They arrived at the car. "Dad I will drive Mom's car. She is in no condition to drive."
Craig helped Emily into the passenger side of the car and closed the door. Craig went to his car and followed.
Three minutes into the drive home. "Where do you want to go to dinner." Emily broke out in hysterical laughter. "What do you think academy award!" She asked.
"What, that was an act!" Lesley laughed. She punched in the number to Frank's cell. When he answered, she gave the phone to, Emily.
"Hi Frank, we are going to Gino's tonight for Italian." Emily stated.
"Okay meet you there."
Craig followed the ladies confused when they turned to go away from home but followed anyway.
Emily called Jerry's cell. When he answered she asked? "You want to party with us tonight?"
"Sure, where.?"
"Gino's"
"Great meet you there." Jerry stated surprised Emily was not distraught anymore and wondered what shenanigans the ladies will pull tonight.
Monday night Gino's was dead only the bartender and two waitresses were there. The group was taken to a horseshoe booth in the back of the room per their request. It could seat five.
"Mom we need to go to the ladies room." Lesley stated.
With the mention of the ladies, room Craig said. "Here was go Frank put on your seatbelt and get ready for a wild ride with the two women of ours." They didn't know that Emily called Jerry.
Emily had a blazer, skirt, blouse, panties, and bra on. Lesly had a button front dress with panties she forgot her bra. Emily removed her blouse; Lesley unhooked her bra for her, and she put on her blazer folded the blouse, and put it in her purse. She then skinned down her panties and in the purse they went. Lesley did the same with her panties. She left Two buttons secured on a six-button dress. The women were stripped down for public exposure.
The women walked out of the restroom in back of Jerry. "Just in time Jerry. The seat of honor is ready for you." Emily stated as she pointed to the end of the horseshoe.
Jerry jumped when he heard the voice in back of him. He slid in with a woman on each side of him. The men were on the outside.
"I want to pay tonight." Jerry stated.
"Oh, you will" Lesley stated. "But it may not be in cash!" Lesley giggled. "We need someone other than our men to tease." She laughed followed by a wardrobe malfunction which caused her breast popped out.
Emily followed suit with a peek a 'boob' movement as Jerry realized the blazer was all she had on, no blouse.
Both women were in their glory they double teamed Jerry. Both women stroked his manhood through his slacks. Their other hand stroked their men through their garments. The ladies had each hand on their tube steak. The poor men had such a hard problem they didn't have enough skin to close their eyes. By the time the waitress came for their beverage order all the men had painful erections with nowhere to put them.
"May I get your beverage order?" The waitress asked with a grin as she could see where the ladies, hands were when she approached.
The group gave their beverage order and then discussed the meeting and what transpired in the morning. Emily gave an overview of the discussion she had with Mr. Lowe. Lesley pulled out her laptop and documented the discussion Emily had with Jerry.
The beverages were delivered by a young man. He passed out the drinks, when he gave Emily her drink, she reached for it and her breast came into view for a slip second. Lesley had the same malfunction when he gave her the drink. Needless to say, the young man left with a smile on his face and he pitched a tent in his pants.
While the consortium waited to have their meal order taken Emily asked. "Do you have the equipment to download any information off the earrings with you Jerry?"
"I never leave home without it. I will go to the car, be right back." It took him about ten minutes to get back.
The waitress started to take the orders. Jerry sat down and ordered. When the server left Emily took the earrings off.
Jerry loaded the information on a zip drive. "I will look at this tomorrow." He said as he put the equipment away.
Emily had a smile on her face. "Lesley let's go to the ladies, room again."
"Okay mom." Lesley answered.
The two ladies arose and sashayed to the ladies, room.
"What's up mom?"
Emily took off her skirt. "Do you think my blazer is too short without the skirt." She asked with a playful expression.
"No, it goes almost to your knees, but you only have three buttons. You will have to be careful when you sit... Or not!" Lesley giggled.
Emily folded her skirt and put it in her purse. Good thing the accessory was more like an overnight bag because by now she has a change of clothes in it. The two sashayed back.
"Oh boy, your mother took her skirt off!" Craig whispered to his son.
"Let the games begin!" Frank said.
The girls sat down just as the meals were served. There was cordial conversation throughout the meal. Background dinner music played. It was about seven when everyone at the table finished their meal.
Lesley was the first up. "Let's dance Frank." She grabbed his hand, and the young couple walked to the small dance floor. Lesley flashed her breasts and pubic mound throughout the fast dance to the delight of the men at the bar.
The next dance, a slow one, Craig and Emily joined the young couple. All eyes were on the beautiful women on the dance floor, in their abbreviated outfits. Craig went to sit down after a few dances. Emily asked Jerry to dance and proceeded to dance closely with him. She smiled to herself when she noted he was hard. After the dance he limped back embarrassed because of his condition.
"This case was a complicated one, but the people he worked for are fun to be around," Jerry thought.
It was along about ten, there was only a few guys at the bar. The lady's garments mysteriously became unbuttoned as they danced a fast number, with their partners to the enjoyment of all the men present. The lady's charms were on view, they were not embarrassed in the least. They men on the other hand glanced at the women surreptitiously. The guys were embarrassed when the women caught them as they looked at their nearly naked bodies. To women's delight I will add.
"I can never understand men. They love to look at us mom but when they get caught they are embarrassed, and we are the one's showing the goods." Lesley pondered.
"I guess it is how everyone has been brought up. It is naughty to show your charms. In this society Lesley. We have a lot of work to do to have society overcome their aversion to exposed females." Emily pontified and then giggled.
"If anyone can eliminate that taboo, we can!" Emily stated confidently.
Frank wanted to rest, so Lesley went to Craig. "Dad you want to dance?"
With a smile he arose in more ways than one. Danced the slow number with her. She wasted no time; she pressed her naked breasts against his chest. For the duration of the dance.
Emily asked Jerry to dance and she pressed her naked breasts against his chest. The men at the bar were envious of the men who danced with the lovely women.
"Last call for drinks." The bartender called.
It was time for the group to leave.
"Come by tomorrow Craig to look over the video Emily captured today." Jerry stated.
"Okay will do." Said Craig.
They all said their goodbyes and walked out together. The women caused quite a stir with their exposure. They walked to the car all but nude and gave their guys a prolonged beaver shot as they sat in the car with their legs outside and spread. While they conversed about the path forward.
Both couples in different cars drove into the driveway of the family home together. Craig put the car in the garage. As did Emily. Frank was in the driveway. Emily was nude with her blazer over her shoulder, Lesley was nude with her dress in her hand. The guys followed the women into the house and undressed on the way to their rooms.
There was laughter at the antics of the men as they tried to remove their garments as the proceeded down the hall to their bedrooms. The couples entered their rooms left the doors open and proceeded to the pleasurable end to the evening after the prolonged foreplay all evening. The copulation and orgasm so direly needed to relieve the days stress was underway.
The house was a calliope of sounds generated from the two couples in the throes of mutual pleasure. Both men had the same thought. Lick-it-di-slit. The women loved the oral attention and were primed to be boned good and proper after their first orgasm.
Frank laid on the bed, so Lesley could take up her cowgirl position to ride him to a mutual orgasm. The bed made noises every time Lesley slid Frank's meat all the way in. She moaned and he groaned.
In the master bedroom. Emily was on her knees after her orgasm as she likes to be pounded in this way. Craigs craves the look of his wife's backside and to see her pussy open to welcome his cock. He loves to see her lips around his man meat. The lips move in and out as he fucks her. The feel of her hips in his hands as he moves in and out of her. The velvety smoothness of her organ as it grips, his meat.
"Oh-oh-oh, I love you Em...!" Craig says lovingly as he cums in her sheath.
They lay down, side by side still coupled and Craig rubs Emily's clit to bring her off again. He plays with her breasts, while she has her cum.
There is a scream and a loud moan from the next room, to signify the younger couple got off also.
All is quiet the sounds of heavy breaths, is all that can be heard in the house. A sign all the occupants are asleep.
Tuesday: Week five of the FEH-101 experiment. Emily took a shower and entered the kitchen nude. Lesley was there nude also. She helped Craig with breakfast. Frank went to retrieve the newspaper and sat next to his mother. Light conversation was exchanged as they had breakfast.
Emily finished and went to get ready for her school day. She donned the usual for Tuesday a button front dress, bra, panties, and shoes to match. She came out into the kitchen grabbed her book bag. Said goodbye to the kids and kissed her husband. "See you at noon time." She said on the way out the door.
Jerry called and said he had a conflict will talk to Craig on Wednesday. Frank and Craig went and played a round of golf before Craig had to meet Emily.
The traffic was tied up, there was construction, so she arrived just in time for her first class. The Dean was nowhere to be found today, usually she will see him in his office on the way by, but she gave no thought to it. She needed to get to her first class. The morning went by fast, the students loved their Professor, and she could feel it. This made her do her best. All the students loved her classes even though she demands they do the very best they know how.
Emily walked into the cafeteria and saw Miles with his wife. It took her a minute to realize she was to meet with them. She walked over. "Hi Miles, Mrs. Lowe how are you doing?"
"I am Okay." Samantha stated nervously.
"I would like you to explain FEH-101 to my wife." Miles stated nervously.
"I think it would be better if you observe the class for the next two weeks Mrs. Lowe." Emily stated as she wants her to see how natural the class is.
Craig came to the table with lunch and Miles went to get lunch for his wife.
"Hi Mrs. Lowe, how have you been?" Asked Craig.
"Other than my husband wants me to show the world my body. Great!" She stated in a whisper without a thought that was what Emily does.
"You know Mrs. Lowe. I wish they had this curriculum when I went to college. It would have helped me. I would have known by the tell tail signs, what a lady likes as Emily explains to her students. This is what Emily teaches the young men and they are very grateful to her." Craig stated emphatically.
"Emily do you let the students touch you?"
"May I call you Samantha?"
"Call me Sam."
"Okay, Sam. Yes, they have to touch me, so they know what excites me, as they can feel from signals my body gives them. That they are doing a good job." Emily stated in her instructor role.
"You don't mind Emily instructing this class?" Sam asked.
"I was worried to begin with, but I could see she was helping the young men overcome their shyness with women. She also teaches the young men to respect women as equals. I determined the class was needed."
"Miles has been bugging me to get a job as the kids can care for themselves. He wants me to teach FEH-101. I don't think I can do it. I am not as pretty as you for one thing and I am very shy for another." Sam stated.
"It pays well, I could use another instructor that way we can have two classes. As long as your husband agrees it doesn't take long to get used to the exposure. As far and beauty all women are beautiful to men." Emily stated
"I love to watch the young men manually explore my wife's intimate places." Craig said with conviction.
"What have you been discussing while I was gone?" Miles asked has he brought the meal to his wife.
"The class Emily is instructing." Sam said with embarrassment.
"What do you think Sam you want to have Emily give you some instructions on the class?" Miles asked with more enthusiasm that he should have.
"Let me think about it." Sam stated surprised she didn't outright say no.
They continued with light conversation for the rest of the meal. Craig cleaned the table as Emily, Miles and Sam went to the change room. They entered the room. To the surprise of Sam, Emily removed her dress, and slipped off her panties in front of Miles.
"Emily it doesn't bother you to be almost nude in front of us?" Sam asked in disbelief.
Craig came though the door and Emily was in the doorway anyone who walked by could see her. "Craig, unhook my bra please." He did the two-finger snap to unhook it. While Emily removed her bra, she continued. "Not anymore and I owe it all to attending a naturalist camp where I lost my inhibition to be nude. Now it is second nature and I spend a lot of time nude at home. To the delight of my son and husband."
"You mean to tell me your son sees you nude?" Sam asked in amazement.
"Yes, he has!" Emily stated with pride.
Craig stored Emily's discarded garments in the locker she donned the dress secured enough buttons for modesty and went to the classroom while everyone followed. Unbeknown to Craig Emily sent away for a camera that she could insert in her vagina it came in yesterday. She had it sent to the college. Emily has some of the students who are computer nerds, so she will have them set up the instrument. There is a fifty-inch flat screen in the room. They never used it yet. Hopefully it will interface with the camera.
The students started to file in they had smiles on their faces as they could see their instructor had her bra off. A good sign she will be nude in a few minutes.
With all the students present Emily stated the class. "Today we have Mr. And Mrs. Lowe here. You know Mr. Lowe as our President. This is his wife Samantha Lowe. They want to observe the class. For this class will it be alright if we call you Miles and Sam?" She directed the question at the President.
"Yes, perfectly alright Emily."
Emily went to her book bag and pulled out a box about fourteen inches long, Six inches square. "I have a special camera I need hooked up to the flat screen." She said as she pulled out the computer.
Three of the students came to the front of the room unpacked the camera and started the installation process. It was about twenty minutes before they had it set up and working. The camera was so powerful the ridges on the student's finger looked like a plowed field that filled the screen.
"Oh, my gad! Where are you going to put that?" Sam asked when she realized the instrument looks like a pecker.
"Where do you think Sam!" Emily smiled at the stunned woman as she removed her dress and handed it to Craig.
Everyone watched with rapped attention as Emily mounted the exam table put her feet in the stirrups.
Craig directed. "We will go in alphabetical order each student gets two minutes to use the camera." He looked at Emily. "Do you need any lubricant?"
"What do you think my dear." She smiled at her husband.
"Dumb question!" He laughed. "Okay ready when you are first student."
Sam was almost in a catatonic state as she watched the student insert the camera in the professor's vagina and you could see the internal organs of the woman. Sam has never seen anything like this before. Craig explained what was seen in his wife's vagina. Sam from her vantage point she could see the older woman's vaginal area, the camera inserted and some of the students used it as a dildo. They slid it in and out of Emily's pussy. By the seventh student that probed the professor it brought on an orgasm. Sam looked around there was a sea of erect cocks in the room included was her husband. Her panties were soaked through.
The last student was the unfortunate one as Emily could not hold off any longer, she had a explosive orgasm that caused her to squirt all over the poor young man.
"AHAHAHAHAH my GGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD." Emily screamed and passed out for a second or two.
"GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAADDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD" Sam screamed as she had an orgasm in sympathy with Emily. She collapsed against her husband. Embarrassed the front of her slacks were soaked with her cum.
Miles helped his wife to a chair.
Emily still in an exposed position stated. "We will see you Thursday afternoon same time."
The students filed out and Craig closed the door.
Sam looked at Emily in amazement. Her legs were still spread, and you could see her cum as it ran from her honey pot, down her butt onto the exam couch. "You are totally comfortable sitting as you are, without any embarrassment Emily?"
"Yes, I am helping the young men in the class to overcome their shyness and learn how to treat woman properly and respectfully." The professor explained to Sam. Emily smiled when she looked over at the President. He had a boner he tried to hide.
"We will stay here to discuss if my wife would like to go forward with instruction on the proper procedure to instruct FEH-101. We will get back to you on Thursday morning." Miles stated.
Craig retrieved Emily's garment as she vacated the exam table. She put it on and left it open as she walked to the exam table and wiped it down. When the table was cleansed, she went to the door and said. "You should lock the door, so you won't be disturbed while you discuss the course syllabus." Emily gave a smirk as she secured three buttons on the dress.
Miles ran to the door and locked it. "I would like you to practice see if you would like to be an instructor of the course." He stated urgently and gave his wife a smile of encouragement.
"You mean right now?" She asked in embarrassment.
"Yes, no time like the present." Her husband confirmed as he walked to her and took her hand to help her onto the exam table. He unbuttoned her slacks.
Samantha helped, she raised her butt so he could get her slacks and panties off as one. He folded the garment and helped her with her top. Miles pulled it over her head, and he folded it and laid it over the back of the chair where her slacks were. Sam turned so he could unclasp her bra. Actually, he fumbled with the clasp of her bra, finally unhooked it, and helped with the removal of her last garment. She was totally nude in a room other than their bedroom and she was horny.
The overheated woman grabbed her husband's face and planted a lip lock on his mouth as she shoved her tongue down his throat. When he came up for air, she pushed his head down between her legs. He went to his knees willingly, as she doesn't ordinarily like Miles to lick her slit. She thinks it is depraved behavior, but with all she witnessed today she wants to do something out of character for her.
Miles bought right into her depravity, with gusto. He licked her clit and had three fingers in her pussy when she came with a stifled scream. She put her hands over her mouth to muffle her outcry.
The woman was still in the afterglow of her cum, when Miles stepped onto the stool and dropped his drawers. He was primed and ready to bring the act to it's conclusion he needed to cum. Sam was so wet he pushed his woman pleaser in as far as he could. He never tires of the feel of her sheath around his erect member. On her part she gave a contented moan as he drilled her. The act started slow, but both had the need for completion. He pounded his wife and she grunted with every forward stroke. He made sure she came and then blew his load. Labored breath was heard by both after their climax. They dressed embarrassed at their lustful act in a school classroom. When they were dressed, they both giggled like school kids.
"That was fun we haven't done anything like that in a while." Sam stated merrily.
"Yes, I would love to do that again sometimes." Miles concurred.
The President of the college and his wife were hooked on their newfound joy of wife display and risky sex locations.
The students who saw the couple had smiles on their faces. Sam and Miles never thought they had the just fucked look about them as they walked the hall to his office. Slightly rumpled garments and a glow on their faces gave them away.
Emily went to the change room and removed her dress to don her garments, when Craig pushed her to the desk, dropped his garments and attacked her manhole from the back. You could say it was a rear attack, but in her honeypot. She didn't mind she needed that after the class. He never gets tired of her moist sheath. Craig slipped it to her slowly to savor her box, she tightened her vaginal muscles and as he pulled our loosened them. The ripple effect caused a suction that pulled his cum out of his pecker. She had a mild orgasm but nice as Craig completed is journey to orgasm.
They rested until the inevitable fallout occurred and Emily went to take a shower and dress. She was just dried off from her shower and there was a knock on the door.
"Can we come in it is Miles."
"Sure!" Emily stated.
The door opened and Emily was greeted by a disheveled, Mr. and Mrs. Rowe. "I forgot to give you the envelope." He stated as he handed Emily her payment along with a payment for Craig's services.
Emily thought for a minute and then stated. "Craig you think we should have Sam and Miles come to dinner with us tonight or do you think we will embarrass them?"
"Yes, if they don't mind having dinner with our kids and Jerry." Craig stated.
"If you want to come to dinner with us you can?" Emily stated as she just put on her dress and secured two buttons.
"Your not going to put on undergarments" Sam asked in embarrassed amazement.
"Would you like to change and put on a dress?" Emily asked.
"I would if I had one." Sam confirmed.
"I have one in the locker it is a little small for me, but I think it will fit you fine." Emily stated as she handed the younger woman a red button front dress. "But I think you should take a shower first. Looks like you just got laid." Emily stated and laughed.
Sam looked around room for some privacy to shower and dress. She looked at Miles, Emily, and Craig. "Oh, what the hell!" She voiced as she removed her slacks and top. Took a shower and donned bra panties. Good thing she always carries extra undergarments in her purse. and donned the dress. It did fit great; the dress came to just below her knees.
"You look great my dear that is the first time I have seen you in a dress in ages." Miles stated with pride and all there agreed.
Emily Entered her car, Craig and Miles followed her. On the way she called Frank and Jerry to tell them the destination for dinner tonight. It was a high-class steak house with the required dinner music trio.
"Can we have a private room? We are going to have a meeting."
"I am not going to have a meeting with you tonight!" Miles stated angrily as he figured he was blindsided.
"Calm down Miles you will see the type of business that is conducted at our meetings." Craig stated in a calm voice.
Lesley strolled in with a button front dress on. Took one look at Emily and stated. "We have company tonight. Do I have to be good mom?" The young imp pouted.
Emily stated. "Miles you met my soon to be daughter-in-law Lesley and the young man with her is our son Frank. This is Samantha and Miles Lowe the colleges president and his wife."
Jerry walked in and he was introduced.
"I am going to the ladies, room anyone want to come with me?" The two older women went with Lesley. They walked into the restroom and Lesley continued. "Mom you're ahead of me today." She stated and slipped down her panties and put them in her purse." To the shock of Sam.
"You want to join us Sam. It is a way to work into the instruction of the sex-ed class."
Sam was conflicted, she went into a stall and after about five minutes came out with her undergarments in her hand and giggled. "I wonder if the men will notice?"
"Oh, they will when we get done with our antics." Lesley stated gayly.
Frank, Craig, and Jerry took one look at the three woman and stated. "We need to put on our seat belts we are in for a rough ride tonight."
"What are you guys talking about?" Miles asked.
"You will see." Craig said and the other two men agreed.
"Do you think the couple will get mad at me if we strip nude?" Lesley whispers.
"Let's find out." Emily laughs.
The waiter came in for the beverage order.
"We are going to have a meeting of the Full Tan Sun Club Chapter Sixty-Nine. Will that be a problem?" Lesley askes the waiter.
"No that will be fine." He replies.
"You heard him mom." Lesley stated as she slipped out of her dress with Emily right behind.
They both set the dresses to the side and Emily said to Sam. "Your turn!"
"Well I don't know...I couldn't... not in public...Could I?' She stated as the others looked at Sam.
Miles with hope, willed her to remove her dress. He gave her a nod to continue.
With the silent approval from her husband Sam said. "Oh, Hell why not have some fun. We won't be arrested will we Emily?" Sam asked as she divested herself of her dress. When she turned to the group it was noted she had a forest not a bush between her legs.
Emily and Lesley both knew they will help Sam groom her pubic area.
"No, the guys would not dare call the cops they have too much fun ogling us." Emily laughed.
"And Dancing with us" Lesley added with a smile, as she walked up to the waiter and added. "Need to put your jaw back in place so you can take our order."
Everyone laughed. The waiter went around and took each person's order. Lesley and Emily gave him a beaver shot. Sam who didn't want to be left out, so she did the same to the joy of her husband. The cat was out of the bag. This was something Miles wanted his wife to be 'nude in public' but was afraid to ask her. Thanks to the professor and Lesley his wish was granted under odd circumstances.
Lesley and Emily sat on each side of Jerry with their men on the outside. Sam and Miles sat on the opposite side of the table. There was cordial conversation while they waited for their dinner. Miles and Sam were impressed with the group. They had fun as they waited for the meal.
Miles cannot believe Samantha actually stripped nude in front of relative strangers and amazed she enjoys the exposure. Miles thought he died and went to heaven when his wife removed her dress. She presently sat nude as they waited for their meal.
Emily is ecstatic, she has found someone who will be on their side in the debacle they find themselves in.
The meal was served, everyone partook in delicious meal. The imp in Lesley started the festivities off. She asked Frank to dance. The men were fascinated by the younger woman's movements and the way she shook her breasts and bottom to the fast music.
When the trio played a slow number Emily and Craig went to the dance floor. Miles was delighted to see how the men laid their hands on the women's naked cheeks thus they exposed their brown star to all present. Sam was embarrassed to see all the women's charms exposed as they danced.
"Let's dance Sam." Miles said as more of an order than anything else.
It was observed by the women Sam is somewhat submissive to her husband.
Reluctantly Sam abided by his request and went to the dance floor with her husband. To her horror he grabbed her butt cheeks also and she could feel them spread. She could imagine what she displayed as she danced. Gratefully it only took about halfway through the song for Sam to become comfortable with her exposure. On his part Miles loved the feel of his wife naked body against him and the access he has to her exposed body while they danced. She became more agreeable to the arrangement by the time the dance ended.
The next surprise of the night for the Lowe's came when Lesley announced. "Every dance from now on you have to switch partners."
Miles happily agreed, while Sam who as you know was nude reluctantly agreed.
The first dance, Lesley danced with Jerry as he danced before with the women, he knew the protocol for a slow dance, massage' butt cheeks. Emily danced with Miles she had to instruct him on the proper protocol. Craig dance with Sam, when he took liberties as he grabbed her butt to expose her brown star and lady lips, she almost said something, but stopped when she saw her husband take liberties with the Professor. She decided to enjoy another man's hands on her bottom.
Another surprise of the evening was the next dance Emily danced with her son in the same fashion as the last dance. Her son had her butt cheeks spread as they danced. The last call rolled around and true to form Emily and Lesley danced with the servers and bus crew. They finally convinced Sam to join them with her husband's enthusiastic approval. He wants to see his naked wife dance with someone young enough to be her son.
While the women danced with the wait staff. Miles conversed with Frank. He found out Frank has a master's in business administration along with his architectural degree and stamp. The Dean interview Frank for the instructor of Architecture program.
"Can you come see me tomorrow. I have something I would like to discuss with you. Call me in the morning to set up a time." Mr. Lowe said in a confidential tone, as he handed his business card to Frank.
Emily paid the tab; everyone threw in money for the tip. Sam was surprised to see the women remain nude with their dresses over their shoulders.
"You're not going to put on your dresses to go to the vehicles? Sam asked in disbelief.
"Nope, it will take us more time to have sex when we get home. "Lesley retorted with a chuckle.
"I think you should do the same thing Sam." Miles ordered.
Reluctantly she did as she was told and walked with her head down out into the bar and was observed by the amazed men who watched the visions of beauty file out of the private conference room. All the women put on a pussy show as they entered their vehicles to the delight of all the men who escorted them. To Emily and Lesley, a pussy show was old hat to them, but it did embarrass Sam when her husband told her to show her lady lips to the group.
A cheer when up for all the ladies and the group departed to their homes.
Lesley gave Frank a blowjob, while on the way home to keep him interested so to speak.
Sam who was in an unusual state of sexual need, produced by the last few hours at the restaurant. She leaned against the passenger door and rubbed her pussy as she stated. "Miles, baby I need you in me tonight." She moaned as she inserted two fingers in her pussy and rubbed her clit.
He has never seen his wife in urgent need of service in all the years they have been married. It was usually he who begged her for relief of pent-up sexual energy and she reluctantly gave in to his advances. In the dark and in the bedroom. He has to thank the Professor who released the amorous woman within his wife.
When the Lowe's arrived home they knew their youngest son stayed over a friends house to do a school project but did not see the car on the side of their garage in the shadows. Sam exited the car nude with her dress in her hand. The couple made it to the Kitchen counter where Miles set his wife on, it dropped to his knees, and started to lick her slit, something he likes to do, but his wife thinks only deviants do that.
Sam had little time to object Miles had his face in her pussy and licked. "Oooohhhh thaaaaaaaaaaat feels so gooooooooooood." Sam screamed in surprise when she came.
Miles his face wet with her cum, French kissed his wife as she orgasmed while he removed his lower garments. Sam was shocked he kissed her and amazed she liked the taste of her pussy on his lips.
Miles continued to kiss is wife and manipulate her nipples as she found his man meat and aimed him at her hot hole.
"Momma needs to be hosed down or my bush will ignite I am so hot. Sam moaned as her husband complied with her wish. "That is right drive your woman pleaser home where it belongs." She screams as she has another orgasm.
"What is all this noise out he...! Oh, my gad you two are disgusting fucking on the kitchen counter." Their middle son said as he shielded his eyes as you would when there is a flash when you weld.
Sam tried to push her husband away in a panic, but he was too far gone to care who watched him he needed to cum. Which he did with a grunt.
Their son Doren who is in the military about three hours from home, did not make a move to leave he was rooted to the spot, and watched as his father completed the act and pulled out. He was mesmerized by the beautiful sight of his mother's open honey pot as it dripped with the aftermath of their lust, and his father's slick erection as it deflated.
"Mom, you should teach that class I have heard about at the college. Dad can get you a job there." He didn't realize how close he was to the truth. He knew dad has been after mom to find something to do. "Boy I am glad it wasn't me that was caught in the act!" He stated as an afterthought.
The parents in stunned silence were rooted to the spot without any conscious thought of how exposed they were to their son.
"I am so embarrassed Miles how do we explain this to our son?" Sam asked almost in tears, but she was still in a totally exposed position with her husband still between her legs.
"Sam he is twenty-two years old. Does he think, you were the Immaculate Conception? We had to have sex for him to be born. I don't think you should worry about what he saw. We just had fun and he wasn't supposed to be home. Leave it at that." Miles stated as he rubbed his fingers along her slit.
To his amazement Miles was aroused again.
"What are you doing!" Sam asked in a panic.
"What do you think I am doing!" Miles stated as he pushed his pecker into her honey pot again. He loves to feel her moist smoothness encompassed around his member. Their excitement gained momentum within a few minutes both were eager to climax a second time, hopefully together.
Doren forgotten by his parents was in the shadows as he watched the second round of copulation. He couldn't help it, he pulled out his pecker. He wished it was him between his mother's legs as he stroked his member and watched his parent's fuck. He always knew his mother was a fox, but she never gave him a chance to see her while the boys grew up. Now he has one less thing, on his bucket list. Doren tried to time his orgasm with his parents.
Sam cried out when she orgasmed, Miles groaned and Doren sighed.
"Did you hear something Miles!" Sam asked in a panicked whisper.
"Ahhhhhhhhh yes your scream." He groaned as he still contended with the aftermath of his orgasm.
Doren was positioned in such a way he could see her mother's just fucked box. He loved the look her lower lips swollen in the midst of her overgrown bush and the slit open with the head his father's organ still inserted. As the starch came out of his father's organ, he could see the cum escape from the crimson-colored engorged vaginal lips and run between his mother's butt cheeks. Doren became erect again. Stealthily he went to his room to take care of his hard problem again. Oh, to be young and full of cum!
Miles caught a flash when Doren bolted for his room. With a satisfied grin he thought. "I hope he received a good look at his mother's treasures she keeps hidden under her clothes."
Jerry went home with a bad case of blue balls. "Damn I need to find a fuck buddy if I am to continue to hang around with this crew." He thought, appointed he didn't receive at least a hand job from the ladies to relieve the tension.
Emily and Lesley received their quota of sperm from their respective men. The group entered the house, Emily parked her car in the drive, she walked into the kitchen nude. Craig undressed in the kitchen. He laid Emily on the breakfast bar to take advantage of her. Lesley entered the kitchen nude and determined she wanted to get laid on the counter also. Frank was too excited to disagree he dropped his drawers. He walked up to his spread girlfriend who helped with the insertion. The house was filled with the sounds as flesh slapped flesh in stereo along with orgasms in stereo.
There was an embarrassed silence from Emily, Craig and Frank.
"Finally, we got sex out in the open with the lights on!" Lesley said as she laughed. "That was fun. We have to do that again."
All at the Steele home dragged themselves to bed after their fuck fest in the kitchen. They slept soundly and contently.
Wednesday Morning: It wasn't until the alarm went off that Emily stirred. She looked over to find her husband gone. There was faint noise in the kitchen. Emily arose performed her usual morning ritual and entered the kitchen nude and sat at the breakfast bar with her son.
"I have a meeting with Miles today. Do you know anything about it, mom?" He enquired.
"No, I don't." Emily answered while she tried to dispel her concerns.
Lesley bounded in the Kitchen her usual happy self. "How is everyone doing today. It was fun last night when can we do it again?" She asked as she set the table and assisted Craig with breakfast.
After breakfast Emily dressed in a deep blue skirt, White button front blouse, blazer. and shoes with three inch heels to match. "Frankie, stop and see me after the meeting let me know what it was about." She kissed her husband and left for the college.
Emily arrived fifteen minutes before class. She didn't see the Dean; he was usually there early. It concerned her about his absence. She needed to get to class, she picked up her book bag and went to her first class. Her students wanted to learn, and it was a pleasure to instruct them. There is a mutual respect between the Professor and her students even though they have seen her naked in the halls a few times. The sight of her naked body did not undermine their respect for her.
The classes went well and in no time, it seemed, she was done for the day with her classes. Emily entered the cafeteria for lunch to find her son there with a meal for her. He waved to her. "Over here" He called with a big smile on his face.
"Wow, Frankie you happy to see me?" She asked joyfully.
"Mom, I was offered the Dean's position here along with a provisional Professor position. I will need to get my doctorate to keep the position though, will you help me?" He asked in an excited voice.
"Sure, I will do anything to help our children. You know that!" Then she inquired. "What happened to Dean Kraft?"
"After the meeting Monday, with the information which was withheld from Miles namely the dossier. The consultant Dr. Whitman told Miles that the Dean and the lawyer had overstepped their bounds and they both were let go."
"Wow that was kept quiet!"
There was other information not given to Frank. Dr. Whitman said the Administrator needed to find someone close to him to become an instructor of FEH-101, in case a law suite, against the college was brought forth by Professor Steele. This was in the works before the consultant said something to Miles. When he saw Emily in the class, he wanted his wife to be naked in front of a group. This was all he thought about after he viewed the midterm exam. His wife nude in public and touched by the students intimately!
Emily worked on the syllabus for CI-101, the new couples, class all afternoon. Just before she was ready to leave, she received a call from the President. "Do you have time for a meeting in my office before you leave Professor?"
"Sure, can we do it in a few minutes I am ready to leave for home?" Emily stated as she picked up her purse and headed for the Administrator's office.
She was told to enter the Administrator's office by a student who manned the desk in reception.
Emily entered the office, shut the door, and started to remove her garments.
"What are you doing Professor?" Shocked to see Emily remove her blazer.
"I said I would be nude at meetings with the faculty?" She stated.
"We will forgo that stipulation for today. I want to know when you can start with the instruction of FEH-101, so my wife can get certified to teach the course next semester?" Miles asked with urgency.
Emily had an inspiration. "Miles have Sam come to the class tomorrow and I will see if we can do something for the weekend. I could spend part of Saturday and Sunday with instruction of your wife. I have to talk to my family first to see what they think and get back to you tomorrow after class."
He was delighted Emily was determined to help with is wife's instruction. Emily left for home delighted she will have someone else instruct the class and she could devote all her spare time with the development of the new couple's curriculum.
Emily arrived home. "Lesley call Jerry and decide where everyone want to go to dinner. We need to have a meeting. Get a place with a meeting room. On me I will get reimbursed by the college." She said as she went to her bedroom and came back a while later in a button front dress.
"Emily what is this all about? Frank asked to be the Dean at the college?" Craig asked.
"No this is better than that!" Emily stated conspiratorially.
Lesley made all the arrangements for six o'clock at a high-end restaurant. Jerry will be there. She was nude and put on a dress similar to her mother-in-law's and they left for the dining establishment.
"What is this all about Emily!" Everyone pestered her.
"You will see, it will be beautiful! Mark my words." Emily laughed.
As the men opened the car door for the women it was noted they forgot their undergarments and it was voiced by Craig. "Em, Did you forget something?" He asked as she gave him a beaver shot as she exited the car.
Lesley waited for Emily to finish her pussy show and then said. "Okay guys my turn." Both men watched the younger woman exit the car as she gave them a beaver shot.
Emily spotted Jerry as he headed toward them. "Lesley, we need to perform for Jerry." She said and spread her legs wide." I wanted you to know we save a lot of money on laundry she laughed.
"Jerry don't forget to check out my kitty." Lesley stated as she spread for his visual inspection of her privates.
"This party started a few notches up from the previous meetings." Frank stated.
"We have a lot of information to uncover tonight." Emily stated and giggled.
The group walked into the bar area and the servers recognized the women. "Your private conference room is ready for you." The host said as he escorted them to the room. "I know it is the meeting of the Full-Tan-Sun-Club chapter sixty-nine. The ladies can strip if they want to." The host hoped.
As soon as the door to the room shut the ladies were out of their dresses.
"Okay Emily what is this all about." Jerry asked.
Emily explained contents of the meeting with the Administrator and then she continued. "Lesley, I want you to reserve two cottages. Jerry, I want you to be one of the students who Sam will instruct. I will run this by Miles tomorrow.
"How about me will I be able to receive instructions from Sam?" Frank asked with a smirk.
"No, but you can watch. Both you and dad have enough to take care of with Lesley and I. You can barely take care of us."
"Emily I will help as you asked." Jerry stated.
"Do you think you can measure up Jerry?" Lesley asked and giggled. "Let's dance!" She stated as she reached for Frank's hand to lead him to the small dance floor.
The night was filled with dances and erections. Lesley and Emily took pity on Jerry and covertly gave him a hand job, when the band took a break. The two women rubbed their unclad bodies all over the men and the servers who wanted to dance with them. By the end of the night the women were ready for tube steak. The women left the private room nude, walked through the bar. They created quite a stir with their nudity.
As the women entered the car, they gave their pussy show, to the delight of the men, rode home nude, and when they arrived home only made it to the kitchen and they had a side by side fuck on the counter. The sound of copulation reverberated throughout the whole house.
From their positions both men could see both women's flower of life as it gapped, open as leaked cum down their butts to the counter.
The ladies were helped up by their men and escorted to their respective bedrooms, they fell asleep as they cuddled into a dreamless happy slumber.
Thursday: Emily awoke before the alarm. It was the sex-ed class today and Sam will observe the class. She showered and went to the kitchen nude to find her son there with the paper. Craig started breakfast and Lesley came to the kitchen to help with the meal preparation in her usual outfit- her birthday Suit!
There was the excitement of another weekend at the nudist camp and with cottontails in attendance. The conversation was light. Emily went to her bedroom and dressed for the day. Button front dress, bra, panties, and a pair of shoes which matched with a three-inch heel. She was off to work, she kissed Craig and left.
Emily arrived about a half hour early and stopped by Miles office. She explained about the weekend that she will instruct Sam. The college will foot the bill for the accommodations, but Emily will not charge the school for her time. The only hook is Sam and Miles will have to agree to the nudist lifestyle for the weekend.
The last statement caught Miles by surprise. "I will have to be nude, the whole weekend?" He asked as he turned red.
"Yes, Miles you will have to partake in the lifestyle. You want your wife nude in front of people, so you need to see what it is like to do this also." Emily stated with conviction. Her real reason she wants to see if Miles measures up so to speak.
"Alright we will be there." Miles stated, defeated as he had no choice. He needs his wife to be instructor for the program.
The morning classes were a breeze for Emily. She walked into the cafeteria at noontime the find not only Craig but a very nervous Sam and Miles Rowe. Craig had his wife's meal for her. She sat and started to eat.
"Will I have to be nude today in class Emily?" Samantha asked almost in tears of fright.
"No, you will just observe for today. Does that make you feel better Sam?"
"Oh, Thank you Professor!" Sam stated with relief.
The remainder of the conversations were lite and jovial. They finished their meal. The men cleaned the table, and the women went to the change room. Sam entered first and Emily entered, but left the door ajar and removed her dress.
"Emily the door is open someone may see you?" Samantha gasped.
"Sam, so many students and faculty have seen me nude the last five weeks that I have lost all the inhibitions and modesty. I have found I like to have people look at my naked body." Emily stated to make a point. She wanted Sam to buy into this attitude.
Emily removed her panties just as Craig and Miles entered the room. Miles left the door open two thirds of the way. She paid no mind to her exposure and stated. "Craig, just in time can you unhook my bra?"
"Sure, gladly!" He stated as he did the two-finger flip, and the bra was unhooked.
Emily took the garment off handed it and her panties to her husband he stored them in her purse.
When Miles saw Craig's, practiced fingers unhook his wife's bra he asked. "Where did you learn that trick?"
"Many years of practice sir, many years of practice."
"Can you show me how to do that trick?" Miles asked.
"Sure, we just need a bra to practice on and a lady who is willing." Craig stated as he looked at Samantha.
"Okay I get it." Sam stated as she pulled the blouse she had on over her head. She paid no mind to the open door.
Emily remained nude and in view of the hall.
Craig asked. "Is it okay if I show Miles how it is done and then he can practice."
"Yes, as long as Emily doesn't care." Sam stated.
"I am all for giving instruction to people who need it." Emily stated, with a giggle.
Craig used two fingers and popped the hooks of the bra. It took Miles five tries before he got it. He did the two-finger bra release trick five more times to make sure he got it. He hooked his wife's bra and both men left to go to the classroom. They left the two women behind as Emily had to gather her course material and put it in her book bag. She donned her dress secured enough buttons, so her intimate areas were covered.
"I have the syllabus for the course for you to read through and the tests so far I have written." Emily told Sam as she handed the materials to her.
"Emily, I notice you always have your husband unhook your bra. Why?"
"That is my signal he gives me permission to show my body to the group and let them explore my intimate areas. You should have your husband undress you also when you will be put on display, as the way he gives you permission to do this." Emily explains.
"Very good idea Emily, our men can't get mad at us for showing everything because they helped us undress."
By the time Emily and Samantha entered the classroom, Craig had the roll call complete and Miles has placed himself in a seat with the best view of the front of the exam table. Samantha sat next to him.
"Today it will be another day of intimate grooming. I am looking very scruffy. It is time to take care of that. Craig can you get some towels and the shaving kit?" Emily stated as she removed her dress and handed it to Miles. She mounted the exam table and asked one of the students. "Can you help me to get into position for my grooming?"
"Sure, thing Professor." the student closest to her stated and help her put her feet in the stirrups and spread her, so they will have access to accomplish the task at hand.
Craig came back with the needed supplies and set everything down on a table with casters, next to the exam table. "Craig so everyone has a chance to help with my grooming each will receive a couple of minutes apiece to perform the task in alphabetical order. You're the timekeeper my dear." Emily stated.
The first young man took the warm cloth and used it to moisten the area to be shaved and that took his time. The next young man started on the vaginal lips of the Professor. Samantha realized she will be in the same position the Professor is in if she decides to become an instructor. She will have all her intimate areas out for all the students to see.
Miles was intrigued with Emily he has never seen a woman this exposed except his wife. A woman's flower of life is a thing of beauty he decided. His fantasy to see many woman's vaginal areas in real time and up close. Miles looked at Emily's pussy and tried to visualize his wife's. He realized they don't look the same. His other vision was of his wife in Emily's place spread out with students fingers in her vagina.
Samantha looked around the room and all the men had wood. It was a smorgasbord of cocks in the room. Emily was the one who made them pitch tents in their pants. "Will I be able to do this also? Get all the men that excited." She thought. With a start she realized her panties are soaked through.
Miles who concentrated on Emily's pussy caught a whiff of excited female. He recognized the scent. He looked over and could see a dark spot on his wife's slacks at her crotch. She is very excited.
All the students who groomed their Professor could smell her arousal and when they walked close to Mrs. Lowe, she gave off a feminine scent also although different from the Professors. The students started to compare the two women's scents. Each in their minds loved both.
Emily had an orgasm in front of all there by the time the last young man finished as he applied the lotion to her shaved area. She held back her orgasm until then and squirted. From prior experiences the young man worked in the lotion from the side. He wasn't hit by her orgasm, but Emily's orgasm shot our at least three feet from her pussy and splattered on the ground in front of Samantha. To her complete shock. She didn't know a woman could do that. She thought Emily had pissed.
Until her husband whispered. "The Professor just had a orgasm."
Emily did not try to cover her pussy she remained spread and asked if there were any questions. The students cleaned up her orgasm. Emily dismounted the exam table and Miles gave her the dress. She left it open until all the students departed.
"Do you think you will be able to instruct this class Sam?"
"With some instruction I think I can do it."
Emily could see how wet the juncture of her legs where the moisture was almost to her knees. "This course turned you on didn't it. You pictured yourself in my place and all the young men touching you intimately. I know it is a turn on for me and my husband. It looks like Miles likes it also. Emily stated as she looked at the bulge in his crotch. "Sam we will start your instruction on how to teach this course on Saturday and Sunday this weekend. Miles will fill you in on the particulars." Emily stated as she secured a few buttons on her dress.
They all headed to the change room and Miles handed Emily her envelope.
"What do you make for a class?" Sam asked.
Emily handed the envelope to Sam and took a shower. As Sam counted the money her eyes got bigger and bigger.
"Fifteen hundred dollars for one hour? Holy crap! I have to overcome my shyness I can see that." Sam stated with resolve.
This brought a smile to Miles. "I think Sam is going to be spread out on the exam table next year." He thought happily.
Emily donned her dress and called Lesley when she answered Emily said. "Hi Lesley, see if you can find a private room to have a meeting at one of the restaurants Call Jerry. There will be seven of us. Text me which one." She said as she secured a few buttons on her dress.
"Okay Mom will do." Lesley said and hung up.
"Would you like to come to dinner with us Miles. Sam you will probably end up nude again before the night is over are you agreeable with that?" Emily asked the couple.
"Yes, we are." Miles answered for his wife.
Luckily Samantha had the foresight to bring a dress with her.
It was ten minutes before Lesley texted Emily the address of the restaurant. She gave the information to the others.
"Why don't you leave your cars here and pick them up on the way by. I will drive." Miles stated.
"I have to get something from my car." Sam stated. She came back with a button front dress in her hand. "Any objections if I change on the way in the car?" She asked.
"Go for it girl!" Emily stated joyfully.
"It is your car you can do what you want. Craig added to the approval.
Sam fortified herself and stripped nude and then donned the dress buttoned it all the way up.
They arrived at the dining establishment. They were brought through the bar. The contingent was ushered to a small private room with a dance floor. The restrooms were in a hall right outside their private room, but in view of the bar counter.
Emily explained. "We are a nudist group with who meet regularly do you have any issues with nudity in the private room?" She asked the host.
He was taken by surprise with the older woman's request. "There shouldn't be any problem." He stated with a sparkle in his eye.
The foursome waited for the rest of the guests to arrive, as Emily gave a more in-depth explanation of the weekend activities at the nudist camp to the Lowe's. Sam gasped when she realized she will be naked at the camp all weekend and will be instructed by Emily to teach FEH-101.
"What happens if I get excited at the camp?" Miles whispered nervously to Craig.
"We have cold beverages to put on your hot tool Miles, don't worry. I had a hard problem the first few hours I was at the camp also." Craig confided.
The beverage server entered the private room to pick up the order. He was disappointed to see all the women still clothed. The order was taken, and he left.
Lesley and Frank arrived with Jerry right behind them, with a lady friend who he introduced as Katy.
"Go ahead Lesley." Emily said.
Lesley knew right away what Emily meant. "Okay mom, are you and Sam going to join me." She asked as she removed her dress.
"Why not!" Sam stated to the surprise of all there. "I need to practice if I am going to become an instructor of the sex ed class.
This surprised Jerry's date, Katy who was just introduced to the group and now the woman stripped off their clothes. "What kind of gathering have you brought me to?" She whispered concerned she will have to strip.
"You don't have to strip Katy." Jerry assured her and as an afterthought. "That is unless you want to!" He added with a smile.
The beverage server with the waiter came into the room just as the women removed their garments. They had smiles on their faces. It was a rare occasion to have nude women specially beautiful naked women at the restaurant. Their meal order was taken.
While they waited for their meals Emily continued to explain what she hoped to accomplish over the weekend. Katy was stunned the older nude woman was a college professor who taught a college level sex-ed class. She will instruct another woman how to teach the class and at a nudist camp this weekend.
The meals were brought in by an extraordinary amount of servers even though the restaurant was crowded. They ogled the women as they served them. To the delight of the women. Even Sam, reveled in the attention from the much younger men.
By the time the delegation finished their meal. The piped in music changed from dinner music to a dance venue. It was Lesley signal to get up with Frank. It was a fast dance, so she put on a spectacle for anyone who watched her with her bottom shaking and her boobs as the flopped around.
The next song a slow dance. It brought to the dance floor the older couples. Katy was surprised how the men grabbed the woman's bottoms and pulled on their cheeks and how exposed the women were as they danced .There was no mystery about their bodies. It was all right out there to be seen.
To Jerry's delight Katy felt out of place as she danced with him. "Do you want me to take off my clothes, so you can dance with me as the other men dance with their ladies?"
"I would be honored if you gave me the pleasure to dance with you while you are nude." Jerry stated with reverence.
Katy went to a corner and proceeded to remove her garments with Jerry's help and encouragement. She had a red hue to her features as she returned to the dance floor. The woman stiffened when Jerry grabbed the cheeks of her butt. She could feel the cool air on her brown star, and this embarrassed the woman. Katy didn't consider herself a prude, but this was almost too much to endure in front of these strangers.
True to the adaptability of humans she overcame her concerns and started to enjoy herself after the first few dances. Katy's next shock came about an hour into her nude experience. with Lesley's comment.
"You have to change partners after every dance." Always the activity director.
By the last dance Katy, Emily, Lesley, and Sam have been manhandled by all the men of the group. When last call came All the ladies, danced with the servers.
"Miles, your turn to pick up the tab. This was a business meeting you can right off." Emily instructed the President of the college.
The women all nude left. They passed the bar to the amazement of the guys there. Each woman Katy included gave the men a beaver shot as they entered the vehicles. Miles dropped off Craig, Emily and Sam to retrieve their vehicles at the college. The women because of the late hour drove home nude.
Miles and Sam checked to make sure they were home alone before Sam exited her car nude. The couple only made it to the Kitchen. Miles stripped nude and put his wife on the counter. He did a muff dive for Sam's first orgasm before he fucked, her into oblivion with her second orgasm followed his release.
The couple fell asleep happy in the nude. They decided it was a boost to their sex life to have Emily instruct Sam to teach the sex-ed class.
Frank and Lesley arrived home first. Franks clothes were scattered in the hall where he disrobed. A nude Emily entered the house and headed with her husband to the master bedroom. They walked past the open door of their son to find him in the receipt of a hummer from Lesley. They watched the couple, but Emily had other Ideas.
"I need some lovin' my dear." Emily stated as she brought her husband into the master bedroom and stripped his clothes off. She laid on he bed with her legs spread. "See anything good to eat?" She asked as a way to tell her husband she wants oral.
He did the muff dive to get her off the first time and crawled up her body she helped him position is spear as they kissed. She could taste her female essence when Craig French kissed her. For some reason it was a turn on for her. She rocketed to her second orgasm and Craig went right along with her to completion.
The ballad of sexual copulation in the Steele home lasted no more than a half hour and then all you could hear is the calm breath of sleep from all the occupants.
Jerry for the first time did not have a bad case of blue balls from the meeting with Dr. Steele. Katy slept over for the first time. She exited his vehicle nude walked into his house and right to his bedroom. They have been intimate, a few times at her house but he left before her daughter arrived home. Her daughter was on a sleepover at a friend's. Their sex session started with oral. Jerry got his socks blown off with his shoes laced up tight.
He returned the favor and played licky'de-slit while he rubbed her clit. Jerry sucked on her pussy until Katy thought her head would cave in. Her orgasm was phenomenal. While Katy came down from her orgasm he climbed into the saddle and he rode his way to their second orgasm. Something Jerry hasn't done in a long time.
The participants of the act of lust fell asleep in the nude and happy.
Friday: Emily awoke excited another weekend at the camp after her morning classes. Emily showered and entered the kitchen nude. Craig was alone as he prepared breakfast. The young couple were not in the kitchen, but Emily heard the bed as the springs made the rhythmic beat of sex noises as she passed their room.
"Could you tell Lesley to pack an overnight case for me?" Emily asked as she poured a cup of coffee.
"Sure, my love! Do we pick you up at noon time today?"
"Yes, and not a moment later. I can't wait to start to train Sam to take my place. I think the President is more anxious than me to have his wife work as a FEH-101 instructor?" Emily mused as she ate her meal.
Emily retired to the master bedroom to dress. She donned a match pair of bra and panties in 'nude' with a button front pink dress and matched shoes with three-inch heels. She entered the kitchen, kissed her husband, and left for her morning classes.
Emily hummed the happy tunes the radio played as she drove to work. She could see the light at the end of the tunnel; everything will work out the way she wants it to she was sure. She parked her vehicle and headed to the President's office to find it locked. She asked the student receptionist. "Where is Mr. Lowe?"
"He called in said he will be in for an hour at eleven this morning and they he will leave for a meeting. Would you like to leave a note for him to get in touch with you?" The receptionist stated.
Emily received the information needed. "No that is okay." She said as she left reception on her way to her office to prepare for the first class.
The reason the President is not at the college:
In the middle of the night Samantha had a wet dream she felt her pussy was attacked by a tongue. She awoke with a start. With he husband' head between her legs and his mouth on her pussy as he created suction on her manhole. She loved the feel of his tongue as it strummed her clit.
"OOOOOOOOHHHH MMMMMMMYYYYYYYYYY LLLLLLLLOOOOORRRRRDDDDDDDDDDDDDD" Sam screamed as her orgasm hit her like a ton of bricks. She was angry with herself for her distaste for oral sex until now which her husband begged to let him give her. She realized she would have liked sex more with this added benefit.
Miles kissed his way up his wife's body as she convulsed from her orgasm. This caused more pleasure for Sam. She opened her legs so Miles could gain access to her honey pot. He kissed his wife and she found pleasure in her taste as their tongues wrestled. Sam reached down to line up her husband into her manhole as he moved forward with urgency. She needed Miles to fill her void.
Miles was pleased he came up with the idea to have his wife instruct FEH-101, if it wasn't for Dean Kraft's plot to require Professor Steele to be nude in public. The Lowe's would still be in a rut as it pertained to their sex life. Now he can see a bright future of intimacy for here on.
Lesley, Frank and Craig happily gathered what they needed for their trip to Full-Tan-Sun-Club. They were ready to go my Eleven and were on their way.
Jerry was doesn't know what he should do. Katy stayed overnight he doesn't know what Emily has in store for him. He met a woman at the camp with her friend and they had a threesome. In the end he decided to ask Katy if she wants to spend the weekend at the camp. Happily she made arrangements for her daughter to stay at her mother's house and she went with Jerry to the camp.
Emily breezed through her classes. A group of students heard about the plot to have Professor Steele nude in public and some even witnessed her in the hall nude.
"One of the male students who worked for the college paper asked. "I saw you in the hall nude a few weeks back. Did you do that to publicize the FEH-101 class we heard about? Or was your nudity a requirement for the grant the school will receive from an unknown philanthropist? We understand your assistant, the Dean, and the school attorney were all let go. What do you know about that?"
"Let me be clear anything I do at this college is to benefit the students. If you want more information refer your questions to the Administration." Emily stated.
"Dr. Steele, we want to help if we can. We have seen you distraught a few times in the hall. If there is anything, we can do to help, let us know." A female reporter stated.
"What all the students can do for me is the best they know how and if anyone has problems with their studies go to your professor. If any professor doesn't want to help, you come see me. I will find out what the problem is." Emily stated as she walked down the hall and out the door to her ride.
When Emily exited the college. She saw Sam and Miles in their vehicle as they waited for her. They were parked alongside Craig and conversed excitedly about the adventure to come. The Lowe's have never been to a nudist camp or nude beach for that matter. They wanted to know what to expect.
Frank and Lesley exited the back seat. They will take Emily's car to the camp so they will have a vehicle to go into the town by the camp if they so desire.
Frank, lead the caravan as he has the key card. Lesley who wanted to be ready when they arrived at the camp stripped off in the car. Emily could see her, not to be behind Emily stripped off. Sam was amazed Dr. Steele was so uninhibited when she saw her strip off her clothes as soon as they left the college lot.
"Sam, I want you to be nude on this trip to the nudist camp?" Miles asked pitifully.
"What happens if we get stopped for some reason Miles? I will be very embarrassed!"
"That is not quite right Sam. You will be 'in bare ass' if you take off your clothes." He laughed hysterically.
"Oh, you clown!" Sam laughed as she stripped off.
It was a two-hour trip. Miles and Sam had a very meaningful conversation about their dreams, expectations, and fantasies. Miles glanced over at his wife she subconsciously ran her fingers through pubic hair, and ran he fingers along her slit. Finally, she inserted two fingers and rubbed her clit. She started to moan. The car filled with her lady scent and she brought herself to orgasm in front of Miles to the amazement of her husband.
"That was amazing Sam I have always wanted to see you do that but was afraid to ask." Miles said in a thankful voice.
"I am so embarrassed I just did that, but I couldn't help it. I was so horny." Sam said with a red face.
"Don't be, that was a beautiful sight to see my wife spread out and enjoying herself." Miles said reverently.
Sam continued to rub her pussy and insert her fingers in her honey pot, she became inspired. "You want a taste!" She said as she pulled her fingers out of her box and offered them to her husband.
He readily agreed to lick her fingers and smacked his lips. "You taste heavenly my dear." He stated.
The closer they were to Full-Tan-Sun-Club the more nervous she became. "I don't know if I will be able to be an instructor for the class, Miles. I an scared!" She lamented as she ran her fingers through her pubic hair.
"Don't worry my love Dr. Steele will help you through the hurdles of the class. She is an excellent instructor.
For Emily it was a two-orgasm trip to the camp. Lesley had a three-orgasm trip. Jerry and Katy left early and were there already.
The convoy arrived at the Nudist camp at about two thirty. Lesley and Miles went to the office. The college will pay for the weekend which will include any meals the group has in the clubhouse. They received their room assignments and went to the designated cottages, which luckily were side by side with luxurious accommodations.
Each had accommodations to sleep eight with a full kitchen. eight-person jacuzzi tubs with the eight person showers, with an enclosed water closet room. The sleep area had two king size beds with two queen size sofa-beds.
When Sam saw the cottage interior, she was surprised it was one large open room. "Miles there is no privacy in here!" She stated in horror.
"Sam, look in the mirror you're nude!" Miles stated the obvious.
"Oh, yes I am!" She stated and laughed as she is so comfortable nude at this point. It seems natural to her to be clothes-less.
Emily and Lesley came to the Lowe's cottage. "Sam, grab your towel we will go to the pool area, while Miles gets ready." Emily stated.
Frank and Craig knocked on the door and walked in. Both were nude with towels over their shoulders. "You ready yet Miles." Craig asked. Frank carried at cooler with soft drinks in it.
Samantha was mesmerized by the sausage show in front of her. She has only seen one in all her life her husband's. Now she will have a whole camp full of them she realized.
Lesley noted Sam could not take her eyes off the men's equipment stated. "Sam if they had a wedding here you will be able to tell who the best man was right away." They all laughed, and the ladies went to the pool.
"I have a problem already!" Miles stated with a red face. "I don't know if I can do this?" He lamented.
"I had the same problem the first time I came here. Don't worry you will get used to the naked flesh before you know it." Craig stated.
Frank became comical. "When you start to get a boner. Think about some embarrassing situation of a sexual nature. Something along the lines you picked up a beautiful woman at a bar. When she removes her panties, you find out it is a guy in drag! That, should deflate your organ...or not!" Frank laughed, as did Craig.
"Miles one good thing about today it is not that crowded." Craig informed him.
He couldn't hold off the inevitable not longer. He grabbed a towel stripped off his duds. Embarrassed he put the towel over his shoulder and across his chest to cover his genitals the best he could. They walked toward the pool area and when Miles saw a young woman nude as she walked by. He started to swell, this was a new experience or should I say adventure for him. There were many naked bodies around the premises of all shapes and sizes. He paid particular attention to the females. It was a fantasy come true to see all the naked females.
When they found the ladies, Emily and Lesley sat in a very unladylike position. Jerry and Katy were there. Jerry rubbed Katy's thigh very close to the juncture of her legs. Loungers were saved for all by the first to arrive. Sam sat relaxed, but Miles could see his wife was excited, her lady lips looked moist and were engorged. It caused them to be exposed beyond her luxuriant pubic growth. When he sat next to her, he received a faint feminine scent he knew she was sexually excited. Miles took his cue from Jerry and started to massage' his wife's thigh close to he pussy. He started to rub her lips which caused her to spread her legs further apart.
Miles began to swell at his midsection. "I need a cold beverage!" He stated as he continued to massage his wife's thigh. He was overcome with joy to be outdoors in public and to manipulate his wife's lady lips with her consent because she did not stop him. He could get used to this place.
Miles became overzealous with the public show of affection for his wife.
"Miles, you have to tone it down a little. You can't finger fuck your wife by the pool. You will get us thrown out. Did you notice some of the people are staring at you?" Craig whispered to him.
"Oh, sorry I didn't know there were rules like that here." Miles whispered embarrassed as he rubbed his wife's leg by her thigh toward her knee more.
"Yes, there are families who attend with children." Emily stated in hushed tones to both.
"You have to wait for the dance after ten PM when the kids leave..." Lesley whispered.
"Then hold onto your hats people the ladies get wild!" Frank whispered.
Sam was mesmerized she has never seen so many peckers and breasts at one time in all her life. Miles was amazed how many beaver shots he could get of the ladies around the pool. If the ladies caught Miles eye they would smile and spread. The women liked to tease him because they could tell he was a cotton tail. A cottontail is someone who is at a nudist camp for the first time. Many men showed off for Sam also.
The group had a great time in conversation, and they swam. Miles and Sam loved to watch the opposite sex put on the sunscreen and liked to watch when help was needed.
"It is about time for us to get ready to for dinner we have a six o'clock reservation." Lesley the self-proclaimed activity director stated.
All followed Lesley to their cottage.
"What do you wear for dinner?" Sam asked.
"Nothing, we go like this." Lesley stated.
"Who wants to come to our cottage sit, relax in the jacuzzi and to shower." Emily asked.
Frank filled the tub the group hopped in, but they were not necessarily next to their partner, but in man woman man formation around the tub. It was very tight quarters in the tub. As the group conversed hands started to wander clandestinely under the water. Miles was surprised when he felt two hands on his member. Sam was not next to him. Sam squeaked when she felt fingers in her pussy and another rubbed her clit.
"I hope you don't mind we are all good friends here for those of you it is their first time here." Lesley explained. "Lay back and enjoy." She moaned as she had two hands that worked her pussy.
Their conversation stopped and the symphony of sex sounds started with screams from the women when the came and grunts from the men. The cum floated to the surface.
"Time to take a shower." Lesley laughed as all jumped out of the tub to go to the shower.
Frank and Craig cleaned the tub as it drained. Miles and Jerry had their hands full as they washed four women's backs and whatever else, they could reach. Craig and Frank saw the two men were overworked so they jumped in to help. Sam and Katy were closest to them, so they washed the ladies they paid the most attention to their pussies and breasts, with some attention to their backs. The ladies returned the favor and washed the guy's backs and peckers.
When everyone dried off there was an embarrassed silence.
Emily did not want to have this weekend ruined so she took the elephant in the room by the horns and stated. "What is the matter didn't you like the fun in the tub we just had?
Jerry was the first to speak. "It is all in fun don't worry about it if your uncomfortable we won't do this again?" He said.
Katy agreed and said "We are here to have fun."
Miles said. "It was fun but we are not used to such a intimate display in front of people. We will get used to it." He stated with more confidence than he felt.
"That was the first time someone other than my husband touched me so intimately and brought me off." Sam confided. "I liked it!" She smiled.
"I am glad Sam, because if you want to be an instructor or FEH-101 you will need to get used to fingers of your students in your vagina." Emily said. "Consider it your first lesson."
The troop grabbed their towels and left for their dinner reservation. They found an eight-person table and sat. A nude server brought the nights menu and took their drink order. When she came back with the beverages, she took their meal order.
"You don't have to worry about getting your meal on your clothes anyway." Sam quipped.
All laughed and discussed the cotton tails first day at a nudist camp, and other non-controversial subjects. The troop finished dinner and went back to the cottage, sat on the veranda and continued their conversation until it was time to get ready for the dance.
Emily and Lesley took Sam and Katy to get them dressed for the dance. The guys dressed in shorts and tees.
It was half past eight when the ladies came out onto the veranda. The each had a see-through negligee on that went to their waist with a pair of crotchless panties. 'Boing' went the guys peckers when they saw the pictures of beauty in front of them.
The men proudly walked their ladies to the club house, found a table in a dark corner, set their towels on their chairs, and sat down. The band was set up. The server came for their beverage order.
Lesley and Frank started to dance as soon as the band started. This brought out a few more couples. Emily and Craig were out on the floor sooner than usual. It took Sam, Miles, Katy and Jerry about forty-five minutes to get their courage up to dance. Once the troop was out on the floor. They became comfortable and danced most of the dances.
While everyone was seated when the band had a break Lesley said. "From now on we will switch partners after every dance."
The band started with a fast number and each couple danced with their partner. The next dance was a slow dance and the group switched. Sam and Miles were nervous, but their partners pulled them in, and Sam could feel her partners pecker hit her stomach, and Miles could feel his partners breasts hit his chest. This went on until eleven, when the band MC said. "From now on the dress code is whatever when we come back from our break."
"What does that mean the dress code is whatever?" Sam inquired.
The people who have been to the dances before showed the newcomers. They all removed their garments together.
"Oh!" Sam said with trepidation but she didn't make a move to remove her garments.
"Cool!" Katy said with excitement as she removed her garments.
"Wow!" Miles stated unsure of what to do, so he didn't make a move to remove anything. It was because he wife didn't.
"Sam, at least remove your panties you can keep the negligee on." Emily coached.
Reluctantly the college President's wife slipped off the garment. "Are we going to switch partners after every dance?" She asked unsure if this is a wise choice for her and her husband.
"Yes, we do. It is fun you will see." Emily stated.
The music started and everyone danced with their partners. All the songs until twelve were slow songs. Sam and Miles looked around the intimately lit dance floor and saw the nude couples dance very close. They followed suite.
The music stopped and everyone switched partners. Miles watched Frank dance with his mother Emily. To the College President's surprise he saw Emily place her son's cock between her legs as they danced very close. He looked over at his wife who danced with Jerry and he saw his wife reluctantly put Jerry's pecker between her legs as they danced. Lesley danced with Craig in the same fashion. Not to be left out Miles let Katy put his man meat between her legs.
Needless to say, after the dance Sam removed the garment that remained and danced with her husband nude. Miles pulled her close to him they danced naked breast to naked chest. Sam positioned his pecker between her legs and adjusted her lady lips the moisture alleviated the friction caused on his member. The couple were in an alternate state of excitement. They loved the freedom allowed at this club. There were hooked.
Jerry and Katy also had a great time. It was the first time Katy has ever been to a camp like this. She has been to nude beaches, but this place is as close to heaven as you can get was her opinion. They danced naked flesh to naked flesh, and she adjusted her partners member to run between her lower lips the moisture dripped on to her partners member as they danced.
The troop switched partners every dance and the woman always adjusted their partners pecker so it would stimulate her clit. They were three dances in. When Sam had her first orgasm while she danced with Frank. He had to help her to her seat as her legs buckled.
Lesley was almost finished with the third dance when she came on Craigs dick. Emily and Katy made it to the fourth dance. Emily came first and Katy lasted almost to the end of the dance. The other couples on the dance floor had similar experiences.
At Midnight the band finished their set and left. They will be back Saturday night.
The troop walked back to the cottage with their garments wrapped in their towels. Sam and Miles became believers in the naturist lifestyle tonight.
"Emily where are Jerry and Katy going to sleep?" Sam asked as they strolled to the cottages.
"The Pull-out sofas are comfortable." Jerry noted."
"The king size bed would be better." Katy stated as she rubbed Jerry's pecker.
"Emily and Craig you are welcome to stay in our cottage if you like." Miles stated and Sam agreed.
"Okay we will get ready for bed and be over in about a half hour." Emily stated.
The women got their jollies off , but the men were almost to the point of a bad case of blue balls by the end of the night. The friction of their cock on the partners lady lips was not enough to get them off. While they waited for the next number they cooled down. Now the men needed to knock on their lady's cervix with their pecker head. To relieve their tension so to speak.
The Steele's knocked on the Lowe's Cottage door, which was a silly gesture as Sam had humped all the cocks of all the men at the dance. They are all good friends by now.
"Enter!" Miles stated with a laugh.
Craig and Emily entered to find the couple nude as they watched the late show on TV. Which was the only light to illuminate the room. They had the covers pulled to their waist. Emily could see Sam's hand move under the covers. Miles laid his head back on the pillow with a moan.
Craig pulled back the covers and Emily to the surprise of the other couple. Laid on her back, spread her legs and Craig dove between the professor's legs to lick-id-slit. He only did that for a minute then moved up French kissed his wife as she helped with the insertion of his cock in her manhole. Craig proceeded to pump into his wife slowly as he kissed her. She licked all around is mouth with her tongue to lick her excitement off her husband's face.
This was a first for the Lowe's they have never seen a couple have sex on a video let alone right next to them. The sex sounds stimulated the couple. They were close enough to hear the wet sound of Emily's pussy as Craig sawed in and out of her. The fragrance of her excitement was apparent in the room. The scream of Emily when she had her orgasm and the groan of Craig when he went over the edge was stimulation enough for the Lowe's to dispense with their inhibitions.
Miles kicked off the blankets and dove headfirst into his wife's pussy. As you may remember she is not a proponent of oral sex but has eased her aversion to it somewhat when she is in a high state of arousal as tonight. As Miles crawled up onto his wife's prone body to give her a tongue full of her pussy kiss. She tried to turn her head to no avail. She finally submitted to her husband's French kiss.
"I don't taste too bad!" She though as she tasted herself on her husband's tongue for only a few times in their marriage. "Ah-ah that feels so good." She moaned as he slid his man meat into her manhole.
Craig and Emily watched as the President of her college pounded his wife to their mutual orgasm in front of them. The Steele's never get tired of live sex action.
"I am glad in one respect that my wife was duped into the roll of sex instructor and ashamed of myself for thinking this way." He reprimanded his thoughts.
"I am shocked I gain enjoyment by observing a couple engaging in an intimate act live. The sounds and the scent of the act is exciting." Emily thought as her husband pounded away.
The Lowe's only thought of orgasm at this time, maybe later they will reflect on their performance and the Steele's performance. With consideration for how each couple reflects on their intimate performance.
Both couples slipped into slumber satisfied for the time.
In the cottage that adjoined theirs was a smorgasbord of intimate sights, sex sounds, and fragrances as the two couples finished their night with a BANG! Then there were the sounds of slumber after the erotic sounds of orgasm.
Saturday. Craig, Frank, Jerry, and Miles were all out on the veranda. In the light of day there were four embarrassed men in thought until Frank stated. "Everyone have a good time last night?" It precipitated a waterfall, of comments.
"It was great to have a lady with me, this weekend." Jerry stated.
"The best time I have ever had!" Miles stated.
"I am glad our son brought us here." Craig stated.
"See us kids can teach you old folks how to have fun." Frank laughed and brought laughter from all.
Emily stretched as she awoke from her slumber, she looked over and Sam was still asleep. Nature called so Emily went to the bathroom when she flushed Sam awoke with a start. For a few moments she didn't know where she was and panicked when she realized she was nude.
Emily walked into the room and said. "Hi sleepy head you have a good time last night?" She asked happily.
Sam looked embarrassed and pulled the sheet up to cover her bare breasts. "I don't believe we had sex in front of you guys. I have never done anything like that in my life." She stated as she turned red with guilt.
"Aww, don't be upset it was fun? Right!" Emily stated to try to ease the woman's conscience.
"Yes, it was." Sam stated now with a smile. "I want to take a shower. I have the after-sex look." She giggled as she looked at herself in the mirror and at Emily. "So, do you. If we are seen in this condition, they will know we got laid." Sam stated.
The last comment surprised Emily.
"Come on let's go see the guys." Emily stated as she grabbed Sam's hand. She reluctantly let the Professor lead her outside.
They were met by the other woman. All had the look of women who have been loved recently. Their lady lips red and their pubic hair matted. Their breasts had a red hue to them. The hair on their head tousled from sleep. All four looked like unmade beds. They looked beautiful!
"Don't the lades look loved!" Craig stated. There was a chorus of "Yes, definitely!" from the rest of the guys.
"Should we hit the showers before breakfast?" Lesley asked.
The gang all piled into one of the cottages and to the shower. It was a flurry of activity backs were washed; honey pots scrubbed. Peckers washed and stroked. It was not confined to their partners the gang washed whoever the woman was next to the men. They exited the shower dried themselves. The men had hard problems by the time they exited the shower but calmed down enough before breakfast. The gang grabbed their towels and were off to the clubhouse.
Miles and Sam were amazed how easy it was to convert to this new lifestyle they felt so free.
After breakfast Emily stated. "Sam, we have to continue your instruction for FEH-101. Jerry would you want to help, or Craig would you want to help? Miles I want you there also so you can continue with your wife's education at home." The Professor stated in her instructor persona.
"I would really like to go to the pool with Katy, Lesley and Frank." Jerry stated.
The group separated Emily and her crew went to the cottage. "Craig and Miles, could you move the two, footstools next to the couch and get a chair. Put it between the stools. Sam sit on the couch put your feet on the stools. Craig sit on the chair between Sam's legs. Miles observe so you can continue your wife's instruction at home."
The men set everything up as they were told. Sam reluctantly spread herself open for Craig. Miles stood to the side in a way to view his wife's spread pussy. The guys popped boners.
"This will never do come on Sam lets take care of our men before we continue." Emily said as she took her husband's cock down her throat and Sam followed the Professors lead. Within five minutes the men deflated with a pleasurable groan. "Guys you better dress in shorts and Tees that way this class will be more realistic.
The men donned their garments and Emily reluctantly donned a dress. Now the only naked person was Sam.
"Let's start again. Craig sit between Sam's legs, you're the student. Miles, pull up a chair and watch. Sam, I want you to show the men where you like to be touched to stimulate yourself. Craig don't get used to this when I tell you to touch Sam." Emily laughed.
Sam shyly at first started to rub one breast with one hand, ran her fingers around her lower lips, and along her slit. She penetrated her pussy with a finger and ran it around her slit. She stopped at her clit. It only took about five minutes of her manual assault on her organs for her to start to moan.
"Stop Sam, Craig mimic her ministrations on her breast and her labia."
He did so and Sam was in heaven this is the first time another man has manually pleasured her in many years. He did such a good job she came six minutes later with a scream. Emily gave about three hours of instruction to Sam.
"Sam you did great let's go to the pool and relax the rest of the day. I want you to come to class on Tuesday we will trim your pubic area. Thursday I want you there also, the last class we can show the students the difference in the way we like to be pleasured. If it is okay with you and Miles."
"I am okay with it." Miles stated.
"Do you think I am ready to instruct?" Sam asked nervously.
"Yes I do!" Said Emily with confidence.
The rest of the day was spent, in the pool, a few games of volleyball. The pleasurable sight of peckers as they swung around, and boobs bounced as they played ball. Time was spent to relax in the hot tub after the games. The contingent had breakfast, lunch, and dinner nude in the club house. The crew dressed for the dance. The eleven o'clock hour brought the nude dances with the women pleasured by men's peckers as they slid between their feminine lips. All the women had orgasms on the dance floor. When the band finished the women lead their men by their cocks to their cottages for the big bang finale for the night. Exhausted by their active day and night sleep came to them still coupled.
All awoke in the morning refreshed happy for the time they had but melancholy because they will have to leave for the real world before long. The crew all pitched in to pack and by eleven they were ready to leave. The men in shorts, tees, and sandals. The ladies carried their dresses.
"Do you want to go into town on the way home?" Lesley asked.
They were all in agreement the ladies donned their dresses, secured enough buttons to be legal. The group caravanned to the town They parked their cars and walked around town for a few hours which included lunch. It was a thrill for the ladies to see all the young men follow them to see if they could get a peek of boob when they bent to look at something or pussy when the wind blew up their dresses.
Miles was happy with his wife's progression as an instructor and their new lifestyle. Craig loves to see his wife exposed in public. Lesley likes to be exposed in public. Katy and Jerry have formed a mutually beneficial relationship this past weekend. All is well!
As soon as the ladies entered their vehicles, they stripped naked and rode home. It was a three-orgasm drive for Lesley. Two orgasms for Katy and Emily. It was a one orgasm trip for Katy and one blowjob for Jerry.
They say you never can get too much of a good thing, but that is a fallacy the group were all exhausted. Well almost all as Emily and Craig nodded off to sleep, they could hear the bed springs pounded in the next room along with the unmistakable sounds of young couples in orgasm. Oh, to be young again!
All rights reserved 2021 to 2031