Slowly we began kissing and fondling each other in a new intimacy that I had never known could exist. Our lovemaking that day was on a new level. I felt as if we were truly one. Especially as we climbed to our mutual climax. Ally had a number of smaller orgasms leading up to it but when we both orgasmed together at the end it was the first time I remember her quivering in my arms for moments afterward. We both fell asleep.
Ally had some family responsibilities she wanted to go home for that night. After we woke she dressed and kissed me goodby. I had an early dinner by myself and then read and went to bed early. I was bushed. It seemed intimacy, sex, and real communication took some energy.
The next night when Ally came over Pete and I were in the living room discussing baseball. She was dressed in a too short skirt (one she would have never worn before her time at Naturals) and peasant blouse. It was obvious within a step or two she didn't have a bra on. I wondered about panties.
Pete was standing up as he had been demonstrating a play he had seen at third base on TV the night before. Ally was walking toward me and had to pass him on the way to me. She hesitated as she passed and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek. Then she came and stood in front of me and motioned for me to stand up. When I did she reached up and gave me a mouth twisting, body groping, hot, hot, kiss, shoving her tongue down my throat. In the middle of it I opened my eyes and saw Pete standing there with a 'what the fuck?' look at me. I attempted to convey with my eyes and even tried to give a shrug to show I didn't know what was going on either, but Ally didn't seem to allow me to move in any way that wasn't sensual.
After a minute? Ten? An hour? Definitely after I began to get hard, she pulled back and took my hand-almost dragging me down the hall toward my room. As we left the living room she said over her shoulder to Pete, "I've got to borrow my boyfriend for a few minutes. You don't mind, I hope?" Not waiting for an answer she pulled me down the hall.
In my room, as soon as she closed the door behind us, she jumped on the bed and then lay on her back. She opened her legs wide and I saw she did have panties on. Or at least what passed for panties on Ally these days. They were a light peach color, very sheer, with a sheer gusset as well. As wet as they were at this moment they didn't really seem to cover anything. I could see her slit even before she took her left hand and pulled her panties aside. When she did, she reached between her legs with her right hand and spread herself so I could see her hole.
"Look in me honey. Look inside at how wet I am." To see her like this- the hard on I had started in the living room came back full force. I grinned at her. What she said next inflamed my desire and had me undoing my belt. "Look at me with my legs spread, my cunt spread open. Dozens of guys, maybe hundreds of guys have seen into my spread open cunt. They all wanted to fuck me. But I come to you. So fuck me. Fuck me hard."
She pulled her panties off and threw them to her left not caring where they landed. Spreading her legs wide with help from her left hand she started to rub her clit slowly with her right hand as she watched me get undressed. She was smiling like the beautiful young woman she was, but in a pose that only the nastiest of whores would feel comfortable in.
I climbed on the bed between her spread legs. I was naked. Ally still had her top and short skirt on. She reached for me and guided me into her depth. She put her head on my shoulder as I started to pound into her and whispered into my ear, "Fuck me because I like sex. I like to be fucked. And I'm a woman. A woman who likes to fuck."
I didn't know what was going on but this was so hot I was wondering if I might cum too soon. This usually wasn't a problem at all. Nothing I had ever had to think about. Thinking about it helped, just a little bit. Only because it took my mind away from Ally.
But Ally had just begun. "I like to fuck honey. I want to learn how to do it real good. I want to be the best fuck you've ever had. In your whole life. When we are old you will know I've been your best no matter how many women you fuck. I'll learn for us." As she said this last she pulled back and looked at me in a pleading way. I wasn't sure she was pleading for me to let her learn or for me to let her cum right now. Either way it was effective.
I had been on a steady beat but now with her encouragement I pounded her. Inside her peasant blouse I could see her breasts slamming up and down in the manner she had told me was uncomfortable during gymnastics. She wasn't complaining in any way now, so I continued. I slowed down after a minute, just a bit, and realigned my cock to rub with more pressure on the out-stroke right across her clit. That seemed to do the trick because Ally's eyes rolled back in her head and for a second all I saw was white. Then she quivered in my arms and whatever was happening inside her cunt pulled the cum out of me.
Afterwards we fell asleep in each other's arms for what I think was just a few minutes. Eventually Ally sat up and turned toward me. She still had sweat on her forehead when she said, "I've been thinking about sex almost all the time since I left yesterday. Our conversation had me feeling so close. I knew we were entering a deeper part of our relationship. I really love that. I do. I love to feel close to you." Saying those last three sentences she looked into my eyes and kissed me lightly.
I felt like I was in my happy place. I didn't know you could feel this way with another person. This wasn't like anything I had experienced, or seen, within my own family. I felt like I was on the right path. This was 'the one' that I could maybe spend a life with.
"So how do you think we should do this?" Ally asked the room. We were now laying back, head on the pillows, both of us were facing the ceiling just holding hands. Her free hand was running up and down my arm occasionally reaching over to run her hand through the hair on my chest.
"Do what?" I had just been drifting not thinking about anything in particular. Just happy to be in the presence of my girl after a great fuck and reassuring conversation.
"Open our sex lives up. Learn from other people that are out there. Experience and bring back to each other new ideas, new techniques." She sat up on one elbow looking at me. "You don't want me, or at least I don't want you, to just go out and pick up someone, fuck them, and then come and tell each other about it do you? That sounds like it would be harder to just keep it at a sexual level and not get that emotionally involved. I'm not looking for a new boyfriend."
Hearing all this I was going through a roller coaster of thoughts and emotions. New ideas? New techniques? I hadn't really thought that much about sex in that way. I pretty much did what came naturally and what Ally said she liked, or I noticed that she liked. Just go out and pick someone up and fuck them? No, I sure didn't want that! Keep it at a sexual level and not get emotionally involved? That sounds better. Not looking for a new boyfriend. That's about the best thing I heard out of all this.
I felt better but unsettled. I suddenly realized Ally was still looking at me. Pretty intently. "What are you thinking right now?" She grinned at me. "I can't tell you the number of emotions that just went across your face! You looked real happy at the end though. I'm glad for that."
After a moment I realized that she was expecting a reply. How do I tell her what I was thinking? What was I thinking?
"Wow Honey! I really don't know what I'm thinking. I'm barely keeping up with you. That's what I guess I was thinking. I was trying to really listen to what you said and go over it in my mind. I'm real happy you're not looking for a new boyfriend." I grinned at her. I hope bold faced honesty did the trick.
I needn't have worried. Ally put her body over mine and hugged me to her, putting her face over my shoulder. I love the way her breasts squashed against my chest. Then she sat up and looked at me saying, "That's the last thing I'd do with a boyfriend who is 'really trying to listen to what I said.' That is all I can really ask for. If you will try to really listen and I try to really listen we SHOULD be able to communicate." She smiled big enough that both her dimples stood out like fingerprints on dough.
After sitting back just holding hands as we had done before, we sat in silence for a few minutes. Then Ally said, "Well, keeping us on track and all...How do you think we might expand our horizons? And how open are we going to be with this? Can I tell the girls at Naturals? Have any of them interested you?"
This is something I hadn't thought about either. I was so caught up in the jealous possession thing I didn't consider my own 'outside education.' Ally knowing the girls at Naturals was an 'in' to a group of women who already knew their boundaries but might not be adverse to teaching a rookie. Ally could be a great asset in this thing. Damn, she IS amazing!
Since, once again, I hadn't said anything in answer she looked at me and then sat back. "I can tell by that look and smile you thought it would be a WONDERFUL idea. You never even thought of it before did you? How did I ever end up with you? You are precious. Of course we girls have talked about this possibility. I'll not tell you who was wanting a tumble. You've got to ask, or at least ask me. I'll carry a note for my boyfriend!" She gave me a big smile.
All I could do was think, holy shit!
"So it looks like Naturals is a safe zone. How about our regular friends? The ones that don't know about Naturals. All the rest. And family. And Pete. Pete doesn't even know about Naturals yet does he?" Ally rolled over toward me and put her hand on my chest, looking into my eyes. No incrimination, accusations, just curiosity. I think she had assumed Pete and I had talked about it and made a pact not to tell her.
"No, Pete doesn't know. What do you mean yet?" I had caught this addition to her question.
"I told you I didn't want to blind side you with this because I've been thinking of it for a long time, or at least the past six months or so. So I don't want to seem like I've thought it all out. I want, no, I NEED, your input. And I hope you want mine. And I've asked questions to people who have done this successfully." Ally stopped there and waited for me to maybe say something. I was more interested in what she was getting at so I nodded.
She went on, "Everyone pretty much agrees that everyone in the living arrangement must know. Even if they don't participate. Other than children. It seems to add an extra level of stress to, due to societal norms, already stressful possibilities. One of the girls that I know that participates in an open marriage, her husband stays home more than half the time. One of the reasons they are into it is she is much more sexually driven than he is. They still love each other. Even more than most, with the trust built between them. Their kids just think mom works some nights. He loves getting more alone time with his kids."
"So? Pete is in?" I looked at her and gave her an evil grin. "And just how far in do you want him to be?" We both laughed until we had tears.
"And this brings up another thing.." realizing what I had just said sent us into another round of laughter. "What I met was...I love Pete, you know I do. I'd do anything for him. But not anything with him-or any other guy. I'm just not built that way. OK?"
Ally's smile was so big it I thought was going to hurt her face later. "Yes, no men for you. I have no problem with that. That just leaves more for me!!!" She grabbed a pillow and held it up as a shield as I motioned like I was going to hit her while we both laughed together. "And I love Pete too. Remember I've known him two months longer than you!" She stuck out her tongue. "And I don't have any problems with doing most anything with him. Even those things you don't." She stuck out her tongue again.
I pulled her into my arms and kissed her well. "I've got something for that tongue of yours if you are going to stick it out like that."
"Oh yeah?" she shot back, "Do you have some sperm for me? Is that what you want to do? Shoot some sperm onto my tongue and watch me eat it? If I eat it and want more, what do I do? Do I go and get Pete? Or maybe you want to see me eat Pete's sperm? I wonder what his sperm tastes like compared to yours?" She put her finger beside her mouth and looked up as if she was contemplating the universe. "I'll just have to try and see." She raised her eyebrows.
"Wait! Wait just a minute!" I didn't know if Ally was going to find Pete right now or not but did want some control of my relationship with him. "Let me talk to Pete first! He would be more blindsided than me if you just march in there and tell him you want to suck his dick."
She smiled at that. "I would hope my blowjob might make a man blind someday but that's one of the reasons we are doing this, so I might learn to be better at sucking cock too." She got up and smoothed her blouse down and pulled her skirt down as far as she could. Looking at me she went on, "Go see if you can find him and tell him what you need to. I'm going to the bathroom for a bit.
After pulling on a pair of Levis and a t-shirt I went back into the living room and found Pete still there. He had put on our stereo headphones and was listening to some music while watching TV with the sound turned off. He looked up at me, smiled widely, and pulled the headphones off his head. "Hey you don't look too worse for the wear. I thought she was going to leave marks at least!" He teased.
"Oh if you only knew." I said and we both chuckled. "In fact that is the reason I came out here. I've got something to tell you about us."
"No! You guys are getting married?" Pete got to his feet.
"No! No! No! Nothing like that." I grinned. "But we are trying to get deeper in our relationship. Ally is a really smart girl, as you know. She's shown me some things over the past few months that have brought us real close, closer than I ever imagined to tell the truth."
"And you're not going to marry her?" Pete said in disbelief.
"Well, I might eventually. I don't know yet. I think we are headed that way. Trust is really important. And I trust Ally. There's something we started a while back that has been just between the two of us but I want you to know about it as well. Do you want to sit back down? This is kind of hard as it is." I lay back on the papa-San chair that no one ever used.
"Oh shit man! Does Ally have cancer? You could have told me that a long time ago man!" Far from sitting he started to take a step toward me.
"No! No! No! Just sit back. She's fine. I'm fine. I'm sure you are going to like this. It has no downside for you that I can see. But the upside....you have no idea!" Just the thought of what this will mean to Pete was starting to make me happy for him. Pete was a good guy generally. We all have our moments. You notice them when living with someone else more than any other time. In our years living together I had little to complain about.
Pete sat down so I continued. "You know the all-nude strip bar, Naturals?" I raised my eyebrows and Pete nodded. "Well, once a month they have an amateur night. Any girl over 18 can go in and keep all the tips they make during three songs." I paused again, keeping my eyes on Pete. "Ally has a girlfriend from school that works there. She told Ally about amateur night and it just stuck with her. She thought it would be hot. So she tried it." Pete's eyes got big. "She loved it and has been going back every month. They let her dance for the night, not just three dances. She works the same shift her friend does." Now Pete had a shit eating grin on his face.
"I'll bet they let her work the whole night. Ally is a fox! That's just good business." Pete had a gleam in his eye. "Will you tell me the next time she's going to dance? Oh man, I'd love to see little Ally. Showing her stuff!" His eyes lost focus as he went into his imagination.
I grinned holding a laugh in. This is kind of fun! "Well, I don't know if you'll want to do that. Her next time isn't for about three weeks." Pete lost a bit of the luster that was all over him. "But she's probably up to practicing here, now that you know. If that would be OK with you." I gave him a leering grin. He gave me one back. "I thought so. Ally is a pretty nasty girl if you get to know her. And she just reminded me she's known you longer than me. I'm thinking she wants to show you the nasty side of her too. You are overdue." Seeing the stunned look in his eyes I didn't know where else to go with this or what to say. "So...let me go see if she's done in the bathroom."
I went back to my bedroom and saw Ally on her knees looking under a small bookshelf that was to the right of the room. Without panties it was a beautiful sight. Her ass was up and her legs slightly spread. Her head was down on the carpet as she looked underneath the bookshelf. The expanse of her strong back was like a ski slope to my eyes leading into her blonde hair that fanned out around her head. The top of her two ears were slightly visible coming through the mass of hair. She turned to me as she heard the door click and sat back on her haunches spoiling my view. "I can't seem to find my panties. Didn't I toss them over here?" she asked.
I smiled. "Does it matter? They weren't covering much anyway."
She rolled her eyes. "Of course you wouldn't care. But if I'm not with you and I have a skirt like this one on..." she held up the skirt she had apparently thrown on the bed after coming back from the bathroom, "I just feel better with something on than without anything on. I like the sleazy feel all the time but feel safer with you when I'm bare."
She had stood up as she said this and now we were facing each other. Neither of us spoke for a minute. "So, Pete?" Ally broke the silence.
"I think he may have picked up his jaw off the floor by now." I grinned in remembrance. "I just told him what you'd been up to at Naturals once a month. He basically said he wanted to join your fan club." I laughed a bit. "I told him he was going to have to wait at least three weeks for your next appearance at Naturals. I haven't seen that much of a disappointed look on his face since his mom had called and said the family dog died last year.
So I threw him a lifeline and said MAYBE since he knows now... you'd want to practice a routine or two here." Seeing the grin on Ally's face turn into a full dimple inducing smile I added, "And I happened to mention that if someone really knew you they'd know you were a nasty girl. And you had just reminded me you knew him longer than me."
We stared into each other's eyes grinning. This is the closest I'd felt to being a kid in years and years. Like I was going to share a new toy with a best friend. Again, Ally kept me on track.
"So, what are we doing here? What's up next? What should we do?" she asked.
I noted that she included me in every inquiry. In my thoughts I had felt like I was sharing a new toy when in reality WE were sharing together. I'd have to make this slight shift in my thinking or I'd run into trouble later on I guessed. We were a team. This is for both of us. Our interior worlds match up, we understand each other. I'd have to remember this. I'd have to act on this.
"I think, now that Pete has his jaw again, I might go out and see if I can get him relaxed enough to live through one of your practice sessions. You get yourself dolled up however you want and I'll go out and roll a joint and share with him. Give me about five minutes." I raised my eyebrows in questioning if this was OK with her.
She smiled and lit up. "That will work. Put on that Rolling Stones song 'It's Only Rock and Roll' when you hear me knock on the wall. And then 'Money' by Pink Floyd. That should get us going."
I knew which songs she met. Pink Floyd, the Who, the Rolling Stones, the Dubie Brothers were all regulars on our turntables. I smiled and gave her a hug and kiss on the forehead before heading back out to the living room.
I noticed Pete had already pulled out the tray of pot that we kept under the sofa and had rolled a joint. He had brought out the Wild Turkey too and it appeared he had taken at least one shot already. It seemed like the night was going to get a bit wild. I just hoped we had eaten enough to not get too sloppy drunk. I wanted to remember this night.
I'd told Pete that Ally did indeed want to practice a dance or two here at home. Since we both happened to be here we could judge her and give her tips on what worked and what didn't. I chuckled inside knowing that anything that resulted with less clothing on Ally worked and anything that delayed less clothing didn't work as far as Pete was concerned. When I had taken my first hit off the joint and told him what was coming his only reply was, "Ally is going to take her clothes off right here? Right in front of us? In the living room?" He was still in disbelief at his luck.
I had just taken a small sip of my first shot of Wild Turkey when I heard a knock on the wall. I quickly tossed the shot down, got up, and went to the stereo. I lined up the proper song and dropped the needle.