I gazed out my kitchen window at the beautiful orange sky as the sun rose. Leaning over the stone benchtop, I stood with my legs crossed staring in awe. I loved making the most of the view in my second storey apartment, especially in the early mornings before the main road was packed with commuters on their way to the city to climb their respective corporate ladders.
My fingers wrapped around my cup of black coffee, my turquoise finger nails gently scratching the inner ear of the mug. Checking out my pristine nails that I'd done the night before after work alongside my matching turquoise toe nails, I bounced up and down off my feet. My bare C cup breasts jiggled with each bounce, announcing their desire for attention through the window from potential early morning onlookers.
Placing my coffee down, I cupped my breasts before allowing my hands to wander down my waist. Uncrossing my legs, my hand glided along my freshly exfoliated skin before landing on my bare mound. My middle finger grazed along my pussy before making its way back up to my tits. Giving myself one last squeeze of my hand-sized breasts, I finished my coffee to go get dressed.
Today's theme was turquoise! With my bedroom windows and blinds open (of course), I boogied my way to my dresser. I pulled out a stainless steel butt plug with a turquoise gem on it. Standing directly in front of the window, I bent back slightly to lube up the plug and insert it seductively into my ass. Taking my time, once the plug was fully in I gave my ass cheeks a hard squeeze and a flirty slap before running my hands up my waist to give my tits a sexy squeeze in front of the window.
Wrapping up my tease, I put on a turquoise sports bra and some black cotton briefs alongside my favourite pair of tan t-bar sandals. The idea was to wear something sporty to justify the lack of clothing but to finish the outfit off with a pair of sandals to hint to my lack of exercise and therefore my intention to simply wear less in public. I turned to face my ass to my mirror, the briefs covered most of my ass, leaving a little bit of cheek hanging out of the bottom but they also completely hid the blue gem in my ass. Unsatisfied, I pulled my briefs off and replaced them with a black cotton thong, it had a reasonably wide band above my ass and also between the cheeks. It wrapped around the gem like a glove and left just about all my ass hanging out. I then wrapped a thin, grey, cropped exercise jacket around my hips to give my ass some coverage. Tying the sleeves together at the front gave my pussy just enough coverage if placed correctly.
Now my outfit with the jacket to cover felt too easy, so off came the thong and I replaced it with a cotton black g string. It was a small triangle at the front to cover my mound and part of my pussy before turning to string at the back and forming a 'T' at the top of my ass. It did nothing to hide my plug, the rear string merely slipping behind the blue gem.
"That's more like it!" I exclaimed as I tied my light brown hair up into a pony tail.
My goal for the day was to get on a bus to the city with all the city workers at the peak travel time while bottomless. I was only going to bring my bus pass and some cash with my outfit so I could travel lightly with no easy way out like getting an uber back to my car. Even though that in itself would be quite daring with no pants on. I'd taken today (Wednesday) and tomorrow off work so I could spend however long I wanted in the day and potentially night to get up to mischief.
With my outfit sorted, I grabbed my $20 note, bus pass and car key and left. Sitting in the drivers seat, I was starkly reminded of the butt plug in my ass as it rammed up further inside me, the gem pulling tightly on my tight hole.
"Millie what the fuck are you doing?" I said to myself, looking down at my g string with my pussy exploding out the sides of it.
I stroked my pussy to remind myself why.
"Showing my sexy body off, that's what." I replied.
With that I was off, from where I lived I drove away from the city a couple suburbs in hopes of getting on the bus early to get a seat and get myself set up for the busy ride in. Parking up at the beach carpark, I chucked my car key onto one of my tyres and walked to the closest bus stop, my bus pass tucked into my bra alongside my $20 note and my sunglasses on my head.
When the bus came I double checked my pussy coverage before stepping out to signal the bus, even with the jacket modestly and accurately placed I still looked on the skimpy side, leaning over the wrong way would quickly lead to an easy view of panties. All according to plan I guess. My heart raced as the bus doors opened up, the bus driver appeared to greet my slim, lightly tanned legs first before checking out my bare torso and finally looking at my tits to say hi. I was the second person on the bus, a miserable looking middle aged man sat around the middle of the bus, suited up for his day. A little disappointed I didn't catch his eye, I untied my jacket as I walked past to get to the back seat of the bus.
As the bus took off, I shimmied my way to the corner and placed my jacket on the seat first. Tucking my thumbs under my g string waistband, I pulled my panties to my thighs before dancing them down to my ankles. Sitting down on my jacket, I embraced the jolt of the butt plug trying to spear itself further up my ass before putting my feet up on the seat in front, my panties wrapped around my ankles.
I admired my glossy toenails neatly encased by my sandals with my sexy undergarments messily thrown in the mix. Looking down, I felt and saw my bare pussy begin to leak. I kept my panty display up until the next few passengers boarded, taking seats further up the front of the bus, unaware of my blissful exhibition. After a while I tugged my panties off completely and looped the back of the g string around my butt plug shaft, pulling the remainder of my knickers around to my pussy. With a leg still up on the seat and the other spread off to the side, I stuffed my panties into my pussy, leaving the loop hooked on my ass toy. Satisfied with my state of attire, I kept my legs apart in that way for a few more bus stops. Eventually we hit a main bus stop and a big queue of people stormed on board.
I took my leg off the seat in front and brought my knees together as the first of many people at the stop walked up the aisle. Quickly wrapping the sleeves of my jumper together again, I plopped the bundle between my legs with a few seconds to spare before a guy in his early thirties pulled himself into the back corner opposite me. As the bus continued to head closer to the city, more and more people continued to board the bus. Eventually the back seat was full and my half bare thigh was rubbing against a middle aged man's suit pants while my pussy soaked the panties stuffed inside it. A couple strategic arm movements allowed my jacket sleeves to stimulate my clit, sending shivers down my spine that I swore the man next to me could feel.
All I wanted to do was spread my legs for the bus to see and fuck myself to cum. My soaking wet panties that weren't even on properly were teasing me so hard. The aroma of my wet pussy began to take over the back seat as we neared the city. Feeling sexually frustrated with no release, I decided to flash my pussy. Grabbing the sleeves on my lap, I lifted them up and gave them a quick readjust, giving everyone on the back seat a shot at seeing my naked stuffed pussy. Unfortunately nobody on the bus batted an eye. Disappointed, I wiggled around a little to shuffle my butt plug around, stimulating myself as everyone else prepared to get off the bus.
The bus came to a holt and everyone in their seats stood up, queueing to get off the bus and find some fresh air. I took the opportunity to remain seated and daringly pulled my jacket sleeves up to reveal my pussy once more. Leaving the sleeves up, I put my hands on either side of my body in preparation to get up myself, leaving my pussy clearly visible. The man next to me glanced down and had a brief look. I pretended to look further down the bus at the queue out. He looked away for a few seconds before bringing his eyes back down again. I wondered if he could see the strings of my panties coming out of my pussy or if it was a little too concealed.
My heart skipped a beat before I took my flash a step further and spread my knees to stand, I was convinced my entire pussy, panties and all came to view as I stood. I left my sleeves bunched around my torso with my pussy completely exposed as the back seaters began to leave. The man didn't manage a second look before he left but I left my pussy out to thank the bus driver as I got off last, shuffling my sleeves back down in time before my feet hit the pathway.
As everyone raced off to their offices like rats, I stood around casually, enjoying the feeling of the brisk morning wind brushing against my skin, including my naked sex. Taking slow steps, I embraced the tug of my panties in my pussy as my butt plug wiggled slightly with each stride. I made my way to the small park near the bus stop, the smell of cigarettes clogged my nostrils as I approached. My vibe was slightly disturbed as I felt a tug in my pussy a little further than what I was experiencing earlier. A shot of fear went through me as I realised my panties were slipping out of my pussy. With my jacket flirtatiously flapping at the bottom of my ass cheeks and just about all my thighs exposed, I stood in horror as my panties fell out, dangling between my legs.
With my butt plug firmly in my ass, unlooping the panties was not an option without severely exposing myself and my plug so I decided I just had to embrace it. I made my way off the main path, copping many judgemental glares in the process, onto the grass. The pendulum between my legs smeared along my inner thighs as I walked, leaving light patches of wetness with each step. Finding a more secluded patch of grass, I sat and watched everyone disembarking their buses and make their way down the road to work. The park itself was pretty much dead quiet, but the footpath next to it where I came from was packed to the brim with people arriving. Checking out my panties, my pussy oozed in response as I was greeted by my white juices contrasting the black cotton fabric, staining the material and making them a little crusty as they dried.
I shamelessly leaned back and spread my legs to fish out my panties from my ass, before scrunching them up in my hand and meeting the eyes of several passersby as they observed my profound act of sexual nudity. Leaving my panties bunched up next to me, I undid my jacket and splayed it out under me like a mini picnic rug. I sat with my knees tucked up to my chest and my feet spread to give everyone a nice view of my pussy. I almost passed as a jogger having a rest but my sandals definitely removed that ideology and I probably just looked like an attention seeking whore that wanted a good fuck.
I trialed a few sitting positions, like extending my legs out and spreading them on the grass or leaning back onto my hands and simply spreading my knees and feet nice and wide. I finished with laying on my back and lifting my feet in the air a little so they dangled cutely next to my bare ass. This showed off not only my pussy but the turquoise gem that nicely matched my nails and bra. Shaking with nerves, I rushed into the next position, spreading my knees apart and sliding a finger along my slit before standing up to openly expose my bottomless nature. Turning my ass to face the crowds, I bent over at the hips to pick up my jacket before tying it back on to regain my modesty, giving everyone one last view of the jewel plugging my ass.
With my panties bunched up in my hands I took a stroll down the path among the crowd. The frequent, gentle slap of my jacket against my upper rear thighs continued to remind me of my state of attire. It felt so wrong and sexy to walk around so many people with my body so exposed, yet my privates still out of sight. My juices continued trickling from my pussy as I considered what everyone else was thinking of my outfit.
As the crowds simmered and my walk progressed across the city, I decided to get a little cheeky, casually flicking my jacket sleeves to the side with the odd step to give my pussy a quick flash. A few snapped necks later I shuddered with horniness as my pussy pooled with wetness. Running a finger along my slit, strands of fluid followed as my hand came out from beneath my jacket.
I walked into a cinema with my pussy making cum icicles between my legs. The musty smell of carpet overpowered the intimate smell of my sex. The first movie of the day started at 10am so I was one of the first customers in. I sat across from the main counter in the rather large lobby area, noting two separate couples lurking around the room. Planting my ass on the seat reminded me again of my plugged ass, jolting my posture as I sat and wettening my pussy even more.
My juices trickled down to my ass and began to seep into my jacket from the inside. I waited a few minutes for an opening before untangling my panties in my hand and slipping them back on. The crusty dried fabric instantly softened as it soaked up the water feature between my legs. The string at the back snapped to the side of my butt plug, slipping behind the gem and out of sight.
Standing up, I untied my jacket sleeves and loosely held them above my waist, flashing plenty of panties to any who chose to pay attention. Meandering to the snacks section, I coasted around the aisles flapping the jacket around for a few laps, showing off some ass cheek in the process. I caught the eye of an employee behind the counter, a guy in maybe his early thirties looking rather polished in his white dress shirt and red tie.
Making my way to an aisle directly in front of him but away from other lines of sight, I squatted down with my knees spread nice and wide to check out a few packets of chips with my panties on display, my pussy lips curling around the edges of the fabric on my crotch. My pussy ached as I noted the guy staring at me in my peripherals. Putting a hand on a packet of chips, I ran my other hand along my inner thigh, gently stroking myself there as I pretended to be deep in thought about chip flavours. I wondered if he could see the wet patch building in my panties yet, such thoughts compounded the build up of juices from my pussy.
I held my tease for a decent while before opting to give the chips a miss and check out the lollies opposite them instead. Swinging my legs around to shut down the vision of my knickers, I instead exposed the side of my legs to him. With my jacket sleeves shoved between my legs untied and the rest of the jacket hanging loosely behind me, my entire thighs and my hips were on show. I failed to focus my eyes on the lollies in front as my mind raced of how hard the guy's cock must be at the sight of me exposing myself like this. Giving the sleeves a quick flap, I briefly flashed my g string waistband, my pussy dribbling in response. Whilst maintaining my squat, I reached my right hand (the side hidden from view) around the side of my hip and flicked the slither of panties barely covering half my wet slit to the side.
Pulling a pack of sour lollies off the shelf, I simultaneously guided my middle finger into my pussy. I could only reach my second knuckle deep but slid my well lubricated finger repeatedly inside myself. My vision blurred as I flipped the lolly packet over to check out the ingredients list, overwhelmed with the pleasure between my legs.
Placing the lolly packet back on the shelf, I looked over my shoulder to make a brief moment of eye contact with the worker behind the counter. I bet he liked what he was seeing. Reluctantly slipping my finger back out from inside me, I slowly raised back to standing, sensually sucking my finger as I turned away from the guy and continued walking.
At the next aisle over there was a chocolate stand at the end of the aisle where I could stand and everything from my tits down were out of sight. Though I was sure there was a security camera somewhere, it didn't bother me when my pussy was this fucking wet. I quickly glanced at the guy again to check he was looking my way before dropping my jacket to the floor next to me. I bounced my hips from side to side with my feet spread wider than shoulder width apart, toying with the string waistbands of my panties. As a customer approached my voyeur, I bent down to take my panties off, dropping them to my ankles and kicking them over to my jacket. As the worker's eyes drifted away from me I stepped out into the aisle, completely bottomless, exposing my hairless pussy front on. I stepped back into cover quickly after stepping out, my heart thumping inside my head, screaming at me to stop.
"No way" I said aloud.
After the guy printed off the movie ticket for his customer and said his thanks, he immediately focused his attention back on me, apparently impressed with my display so far. I kept my eyes down as I crept a leg into the aisle. At first I showed up to my knee. A little unthrilled, I gave my bare ass a gentle tap before leaning more of my leg out, I guessed he could probably see most of my thigh but not quite my hip.
I snuck my hidden hand between my legs again, slowly toying with the plug in my ass before effortlessly inserting my middle finger into my pussy again. I kept my movements slow to avoid making it look suspicious as my shoulders were still visible. A couple more customers approached the counter as I quickly looked up at my voyeur in the eyes again. Something about looking someone in the eyes when you're bottomless and fingering yourself just really gets me going.
As a bit of a line started to form around the counter, I decided one more act would do before I literally got caught pants down. Bobbing down out of sight, I yanked my tight sports bra up, my tits springing out into view. I then got into doggy style with my ankles in the aisle, visible to the counter and line. I rubbed my clit, instantly met with pleasure and an incoming orgasm. I slowed my rubbing speed to match the build up of pressure in my pussy, slowing down to edge myself. My pussy cried tears of juices as I reluctantly stopped, my body slowly easing from what was an orgasm in the making.
Tying my jacket around my hips and fixing up my boob coverage, I bunched my panties back in my hand with my $20 note and made my way to the counter. As I waited for the person in front to get their tickets off my voyeur, I flicked the tag of my panties out. I guess he'd know how my pussy looks in a size 6 g string.
"Hiii!" I said flirtatiously.
"Could I see Spiderman Homecoming at 10am please?" I smiled, placing my hands on the benchtop, one holding the money and the other my panties.
"Yep that'll be $17." he shyly replied.
I held out my panty hand, a second before dropping them into his lustful hands before correcting myself.
"Oops haha, not those." I giggled as I handed him the money instead.
Sneaking my now free hand under my jacket, I gave my slippery pussy a quick rub while looking him directly in the eyes. Receiving my ticket and change, I gave him an overly friendly smile before gently swiping his palm with my moist fingers, thanking him and walking off.
I strutted my bottomless self to the bathrooms, intending on going to the cinema room late so I could pick a seat that would allow me to exercise my naughty inhibitions. The door to the bathroom squawked as I swung it open before being met by a second squawking door to enter the toilets. I untied my jacket before checking to see if I was alone, which I ended up being by myself anyway.
Hanging my jacket up in a cubicle, I stripped off my bra to get nude in the stall. Placing my bra and panties with the jacket, I pranced out into the open toilet room. I checked myself out in the mirror as I swayed my hips from side to side, feeling myself up all over my body. Thinking the doors were squawky enough to give me notice of someone entering, I hopped up onto the wash basin bench top on my knees, cradling a sink. Nestling my pussy onto the tap, I grinded my hips back and forth, my wet as fuck pussy frictionless as it slid along the shaft of the tap. Aggressively cupping my breasts with their respective hands, I looked myself in the eyes as I opened my mouth to moan with each run along the shaft. The stimulation to my clit was unreal as the orgasm I stifled earlier returned. Teasing myself again, I slowed my pace down, preventing myself from cumming again and leaving my pussy wet and sexually frustrated.
As the orgasmic feelings simmered I noted how sexy it felt to be on my knees on the bench top completely naked with a plug in my ass. It felt like I was on a podium, or displayed in a glass box in a museum. I just wished for a cock in my pussy pounding me into an orgasm in this position. Looking for something dirty to do, I decided to pee in the sink. Placing a hand against the mirror and the other squeezing my tit, I gently moaned as I released the light yellow liquid between my legs. It splashed into the sink basin, spraying up the sides, the odd drop landing on my inner thighs. I bathed in the sexy feeling before a loud squawk brought me back to reality.
I squeezed my stream shut as I realised I was about to have company. Climbing down from the bench top, the second squawk rang through the concrete walls as I scurried into my cubicle with urine trickling down one of my legs. Locking the door, I sat on the toilet, relieved to be able to continue peeing but also that I didn't get caught. Still feeling sexy, I spread my knees against both cubicle walls to finish peeing, wiping a concoction of pee and cum at the end.
I sat and waited for the lady next door to finish.
"Disgusting." she muttered soon after flushing the toilet.
I presumed she went to wash her hands and saw my pee all over the sink. I sat with my legs still spread, my pussy relubricating itself upon hearing her reaction. When she left, I cleaned up the piss on my legs before heading out of my cubicle to clean up the rest of my piss all over the sink. As sexy as it was for me I realised maybe not everyone was into it so it'd be good to clean it up. Doing so naked was a little bonus for me. It didn't take long to clean so before I knew it I was putting my bra back on and tucking my panties into it. I wrapped my jacket around my waist without tying it off, creating a challenge for myself when I entered the movie room.
I awkwardly manoeuvred between the bulky entry doors to the cinema, one hand holding my sleeves up high above my waist, baring all of myself front on as I wiggled in. The sound system of the cinema blasted through the room as the movie was already a few minutes underway. I wasn't in eye shot of anyone as I shut the door behind myself so I tossed my jacket to the floor and got on my hands and knees to crawl a couple metres.
"Yeahhh, fuck my bottomless pussy." I said aloud, masked by the deafening movie being so close to the front. Meanwhile I pretended to get fucked in the doggy style position I was in, sliding my hips back with each imaginary thrust, my plugged ass front and centre of anyone who happened to also be late to the movie coming through the door.
After my momentary imaginary fuck I gave my pussy a quick spread, aimed at the door before grabbing the jacket and scrunching it up in front of my crotch. Entering the main hall of the cinema I received a few glances as you normally would entering a room at the front. Nobody's glances stuck so I guessed my state of apparel passed the decency check. My bare exposed ass remained hidden as I eyed up the room. It was a relatively quiet viewing session, the front couple rows were empty, likewise so were the rear two. About 15 people were scattered all around the middle with nobody really on the sides. I made my way to the back, leaving my jumper bunched in front of me and my naked ass hanging free, banking on the fact that everyone was actually here to watch the movie and not the exhibitionist flash her bits. I kept an eye on the crowd as I passed, apart from the initial glance, nobody turned their heads to check me out.
A little disappointed with the result, I made myself at home at one of the back corners of the cinema, stripping my sports bra off as well as my sunnies off my head. Leaving all of my belongings in a pile, I was now completely naked except for my sandals, butt plug and hair tie. Sitting in the aisle seat, my heart began to race as I crossed my legs, bouncing the crossed leg up and down as I twiddled my finger around my pony tail. Peeking my head up, I could see the closest to the back was a couple of young women, maybe around my age, probably a couple uni friends on a day off. They sat in the centre of the middle seat section.
Under the cover of the darkness of the room, I crept out of my seat, standing up in the middle of the rear aisle stark naked. I double checked they were definitely the furthermost back people before sneaking into two aisles behind them. Crouching down a little to avoid detection, I carefully made my way directly behind them. As I sat in a seat between them my plug jolted me, giving my pussy a quick little ooze. Putting my feet onto the seat heads of the row in front, I pushed myself to spread my legs three seats wide, sitting on my butt plug right on the edge of my seat to achieve it. It would've been a great display to turn your head back to see my sandals propped up so wide, you could easily imagine what I was up to. I peeped between the seats to eye up my flashing target, gently drawing circles on my clit as I watched. They didn't turn back which was a bit disappointing but also expected. It did feel absolutely incredible to have my legs spread so wide masturbating while sitting on my plugged ass.
Feeling a little more daring, I made my way to the opposite corner of my clothes before sneaking down that aisle until I got to the same row as the two girls. I slowly snuck my naked body into the aisle seat on the side seats. I checked them out, struggling to make out what clothes they were wearing unless the screen flashed a light colour, where I saw a pair of jean shorts and a white t-shirt on the girl closest to me.
"Shit they'll be able to see me." I whispered aloud, my pussy wettening in response.
I sat with my legs crossed and leaned my head over to my left arm to hide my tits and my identity from view, allowing the movie to play for a bit to let myself gain some exposure. Although it was turning me the fuck on, it was super risky because if they wanted to go to the toilet they could come my way and be within a metre of me in my completely nude state.
Looking up to eye up other options, my pussy ached as my next idea sprung to mind. The next two rows in front of the girls were free too, so I decided I'd go two rows down on the side I was on and sit all the way against the wall. Getting up, I forgot I was nude and sprung up casually, my breasts bouncing elegantly as I shot up. My nipples stiffened as I realised while I quickly got myself to my next seat, unsure if I just got caught or not. My ass plug nudged inside me again as I sat down, popping my head up to see both girls' eyes glued to the screen.
"Safe for now." I said to myself, breathing a sigh of relief.
Contradicting my vocal intention to remain hidden, I put a foot up on the seat in front of me and my other foot across the armrests to the side, opening my pussy up to the row I was on with nobody in it. I slipped a finger in my pussy and simultaneously clutched at my tit, pinching my nipple as I squeezed the flesh of my breast. At the same time I thrusted away at my pussy, slamming my palm into my clit with each entry and grinding my ass plug into the seat. My pussy squelched a little with each pump but was safely muffled by Spiderman incapacitating bad guys on a boat. I looked across the cinema at everyone oblivious to the fact I was naked and fucking myself in a not so discreet location. Those sexy thoughts sent me over the edge along with my nipple, clit, ass and pussy simulation.
"Ah! Ahhh, ohhhhhh." I muttered to myself as I came, a little louder than intended.
My mind raced as I shuddered uncontrollably to my earlier bus trip, my flashing adventure at the park in view of so many people before giving the guy behind the counter a private show of my wet, ill fitting panties.
"Fuuuuck!" I whispered as I shut my eyes with my mouth wide open, a shiver of goodness connecting my spine, pussy and ass.
My leg up on the seat shook with my orgasm, drawing the attention of the girl closest to me a couple rows back. She shot me a quick look as I withdrew my shaky leg, finger deep in my pussy and my palm still gently rubbing my clit as I caught my breath from my orgasm, my pussy dribbling built up cum all over my hand. Feeling really sexy and heated, I licked up my cum on my hand, teasing my nipple with the other hand as I crossed my legs across the other seats in my row.
Satisfied I licked up everything on my hand, I sat back to reflect on how hot it felt to do what I was doing, tasting myself after such a long lusted orgasm, finally getting my sweet release. The feeling of my cum dripping onto my butt plug before seeping into the cinema chair was the cherry on top. I just took a few minutes to put my eyes on the screen and appreciate the sexual satisfaction I was experiencing, allowing my cum to soak into the seat a little more.
With the girl that spotted my orgasm legs watching the screen again, I decided it was time to get to safety, slowly shuffling across the seats before getting up with a slight hunch as if it helped make my nudity more discreet. Making a dash for the back corner opposite my clothes, I looked back to see the girl still looking away.
"Maybe this naughty girl won't get kicked out after all." I said out of earshot of anyone.
I remained put in the aisle seat of the side seats for the remainder of the movie with the intention of staying until the lights came on and everyone left to make a dash for my clothes. Maintaining my nudity for the duration of the movie, I occasionally hopped out of my seat to stand with my feet wide apart in the middle of the isle to toy with my pussy until I edged. It felt so freeing and sexy to be able to stand in a public place and fuck myself full nude.
Eventually the movie came to an end, a few people left as the credits came on, unaware of the bonus scene at the end of marvel movies. I guess it was a win for me, less people to check out my naked body when the lights flick on. After a rather creepy end of credits scene, the lights began to fade on and just about everyone got up to leave. I impatiently waited as everyone in their vegetative, light dazed state got up to leave. Now hiding in the back corner seat, my heart was beating out of my chest as I sat with my knees together, shaking my legs up and down in anxiety. The movement of my legs wiggled the plug around in my ass, my wet pussy despite the nerves still begged for a good fuck.
A middle aged, nerdy looking guy was the last one in the cinema. He must've been watching all the credits or something. I told myself he was just sticking around for the actual show, me. But he was actually being a real thorn in my side because now the cinema employees were coming in to clean up.
"Holy shit." I said as three workers came in with dustpans, brooms and rubbish bags.
My nipples stiffened and my fresh goosebumps sent chills throughout my body. My pussy still leaked juices into my seat as I realised I was going to have to pick a gap. As the workers entered their respective rows and eyed up their seats for rubbish, I went for it. With the lights at full brightness, I dragged my naked ass with my pumping heart up and ran across the first aisle, awkwardly shuffling between the seats, keeping an eye on the workers. My tits flailed around as I worked my way across the larger middle seat section. Spotting a worker finishing his aisle, I sat down to hide my bare breasts from sight. It took what felt like an eternity for him to turn into the next aisle, I went to get up but another worker popped out of her row.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck!" I panicked.
I decided the further they got, the more their rows would be out of sync and the closer to my exposed, naked body they'd be. So I got on my hands and knees and crawled across the floor. That would've been a sexy sight to see for one of the workers, a young woman in her sandals and butt plug crawling back to her clothes. At least I had the manners to tie up my hair for a more polished look right?
When I reached the next aisle, I popped my head up again to see the workers gaining on me. It made sense, there weren't too many people watching so there wouldn't of been much mess to clean up, except for when a horny girl fucked herself and wet the seats towards the back. The worker coming up my aisle ducked off to a row of seats and the one in the middle section happened to be looking the other way. I literally jumped out of my seat and legged it across the aisle, getting onto my hands and knees to crawl the last few seats to the safety of my clothes.
I sat in my seat, still naked as I felt my heart rate begin to slow. I watched the employees make their way up the theatre, making the most of my nudity before getting dressed. As my face and shoulders were visible, I hoped nobody would notice my bare shoulders now and my sports bra straps after. With the next opening, I threw the sports bra over my head, quickly pulling my arms through before an employee looked up, acknowledging my presence, maybe considering his sanity after not noticing me there before. I probably looked like I was fixing up my top as I pulled my bra down over my tits.
Feeling cheeky, I stood up with my g string in hand, still bottomless. I wrapped my panties over my pony tail hair tie, pulling the tag out to make it obvious for anyone watching me closely. I quickly ran my finger along my slit a few times, appreciating the wetness between my legs, smearing my cum up my mound to dry off my finger.
Popping my sunnies on my head and grabbing my jacket, I shuffled my way to the edge of the aisle before suddenly remembering I was still bottomless. To be fair I'd spent the last couple of hours naked. I tied the sleeves around my hips again, letting them dangle in front to offer me my full pussy coverage before making my way down the aisle. By now the credits had finished and the last guy in the cinema got up to leave too, we crossed paths as he was about to walk out to the aisle.
"After you." I warmly beckoned, laying my hand out to usher him in front.
I strategically swayed with my arm swing, letting my sleeves swing to the side to catch up with my hips, giving the guy a quick flash of my mound. He awkwardly smiled as he stuttered in his efforts to thank me, unwilling to mention my bare pussy. If only he knew what I'd done to it while watching the movie. Letting him get some distance in front of me, I slowed my steps down and began to untie my sleeves as I walked past the view of the last worker. With a sleeve in each hand, I widely spread my arms at around hip height to fully expose my front end to the guy in front and the open doors out of the cinema, my ass covered by the jacket at the back still.
Still daring as ever, I kept my arms out all the way up to the door, popping my head around the corner to check for people first. The coast was clear so I followed the guy in front, with my arms a little closer to my hips but still giving a full frontal flash as I walked. I maintained a slight seductive sway as I walked, my hips swinging side to side with each step, feeling sexy as all hell. I followed the guy who was apparently on a mission somewhere through a few hallways until he cornered the last turn into the lobby.
Feeling unstoppable, I let my jacket hang off my hand to the side as I came to the corner. My first thought was to check it but I wanted to do something bold and fuckworthy. I felt chills on my bare ass as I nudged my butt plug with my free hand, giving myself a few ass thrusts of sexual encouragement with the plug before holding my breath and walking around the corner.
The lobby was definitely busier than when I was there before, a small queue had formed at the counter with all eyes forward. Without exhaling, I continued to walk out, baring all of myself for show. Once i was fully in the room, I stood still for a few seconds to fully appreciate my bottomless state in such a public place. My pussy oozed some more juices to show its appreciation too.
A white blur in the corner of my peripherals caught my attention. An employee was behind the counter making his way to the line, neck snapped and staring at me. I cracked an awkward grin as I chuckled in an attempt to casually play off getting caught. In reality I was mortified but also kind of glad I got to share myself with someone.
Awkwardly wrapping my sleeves around my waist to tie it back up, I realised I'd been caught by a few guys in the line too. It wasn't a big group of them so it was a lot less intimidating. Just a few solo guys saving a memory to their wank banks. I put my head down in defeat and rushed out of the cinema, the glare of the sun blinding me as I walked out making me feel like a spotlight was shone on my tacky fashion choices.
I shamelessly walked along the road with my scandalous outfit into a service station to use the bathroom. Stripping naked inside a cubicle, I sat on the toilet and put my legs in the air, closing my eyes and thinking of the experience I had in the cinema. Rubbing circles on my clit with the occasional dip of a finger into my sopping wet pussy, I ran my other hand along my thighs, caressing my way to a second orgasm. My legs violently kicked the cubicle walls as the wave of goodness radiated from between my thighs. I arched my back, accentuating my tits and shrieked in pleasure. As I came down my grip on my leg loosened without me realising it was squeezing so hard previously. A little dribble of cum flowed down my pussy, pooling around my butt plug to join my previous cum juices. Pulling my butt plug out, I ran it along my slit to pick up my cum to reuse as lube. After making a slippery white mess all up and around my pussy, ass and upper thighs, I reinserted the plug well and truly relubed into my ass.
As sexy as it would be to have cum smeared all over me while bottomless in public, I decided to clean myself up because I had a pretty bold plan on what to do next. Wiping my pussy dry, I spent my last three dollars on a cheap salad and headed out of the service station.
I walked a couple streets across, allowing my sleeves to flap around as I walked. Although it wasn't crazy windy or anything, my pussy definitely saw daylight as I made my way to my next destination. I turned the corner to a thoroughfare, there were a couple water fountains in the centre with a stone floor running across the whole way either side of the fountains. Several lots of two to three step staircases were planted along the path, aiding the gentle gradient up to the next road. Lunch shops were scattered on either side of the thoroughfare, with office workers beginning to leech out for an early lunch.
I sat down with my salad on some steps halfway between the two fountains, edging closer to one side. With my ass on a step and my feet on the step below, I tucked my knees up close to my chest. My jacket sleeves remained tied together in a bunch between my tummy and my lap, leaving a lovely view of my bare pussy. Spreading my feet to around the same width as my bum cheeks, I left a generous gap between my legs for passersby to check me out.
Putting my sunnies on so I could watch people without looking like I was, I slowly nibbled at my salad which I placed on my knees as I kept an eye out for voyeurs. With the jacket offering not a lot of coverage, I definitely copped a lot of looks. The entirety of my thighs were on display, the sleeves of the jacket wrapping around my upper hips and the torso section of the jacket uselessly flopping out under my exposed pussy like a red carpet. With every look at my pussy it felt like another few drops of wetness squirted out from inside me.
My eating rate slowed as my urge to spread my legs for every second guy grew uncomfortably high. To compromise, I decided to spread my feet further apart to outside my ass while keeping my knees touching, forming a triangle with my legs.
With nobody hitting on me or calling me out, I took things a little further. Shuffling forwards, I wiggled further and further until I heard the gem of my butt plug scrape against the stone step through my jacket. Confident my butt plug was half on display, I held my pose to watch the reactions. My pussy ached as both men and women alike, sensibly dressed for office work glared at me. Some were judgemental, others pervy, all were welcome in my eyes.
Taking things further, I placed a hand on my upper thigh, gently cupping it and edging my fingertips next to my pussy, mindlessly caressing myself. The looks continued as the lunch time peak appeared to roll around. Unwilling to tease myself further, I decided the next three people would see me touching my pussy. As a young to middle aged man in a tailored suit and slick blonde hair approached, I dashed my middle finger across my thigh into my pussy, stroking my well lubricated slit up and down. His eyes snapped to my pussy like a hawk to its prey. As he neared and slowed his pace, I looked away and slipped a finger inside, nestling it in to the first knuckle. His eyes never veered as he passed, I was almost ready for him to put and hand on my shoulder and whisper into my ear what a dirty slut I was.
A few seconds after he passed two women approached, one behind the other. The first in line was a brunette in a white blouse and black pencil skirt with black ballet flats, she looked in great shape and I definitely caught her eye. She didn't make it too obvious though, glancing without moving her head at first but slowing her pace down too to get a closer look. I slid my finger in and out of the first knuckle as she approached, pleasuring myself for her viewing. She turned her head as she slowed right down, causing the middle aged blonde woman behind her to overtake, following the brunette's gaze to me fingering myself as she passed her. I appeared oblivious to the attention I was receiving, gently thrusting my finger away as the congested duo passed me.
I knew I had told myself that only three people would see me masturbating but it felt so bloody good I had to keep going. Twisting my torso around my legs a little further, I slid my finger full depth inside, giving myself slow, deep thrusts to feel my finger fully inserted. I closed my eyes for a few thrusts to gain the full experience, reopening them to the vision of a rageful looking middle to late aged woman. Her eyebrows squinted together as she shamelessly stared at the action between my legs, fast walking towards me. Her moderate wrinkling worsened by the disgusted look on her face, her past blonde hair now mere streaks amongst her greys, all tied up into a neat, tight bun to match her black jacket and pencil skirt.
"Shouldn't you be doing that with a little more privacy young lady?" She shouted, drawing some attention our way.
"You're disgusting, you should be ashamed of yourself, nobody wants to see that." She followed up with before I could take a breath.
She'd caught me speechless, I had no idea what to say. I didn't think that deeply about my actions before going out and fucking myself in public, purely driven by my flash induced sex drive. I sat there with my feet spread unnaturally wide with a finger half in my pussy, dumbfounded looking back at her, silent.
Luckily for me, she glared at me as she approached before loudly scoffing at me as she shook her head and paced past. I think it was time to leave. Sliding my finger out of my glistening pussy I spread my knees wide apart for one last hail mary flash to a distant corporate guy before standing up and fixing up my outfit to cover my bits again. Still a little dumbstruck, my pussy continuing to wet itself told me all I needed to know about how I felt about the events that unfolded.
With my legs a little shaky from being reprimanded, I walked towards a nearby train station and decided to play a little game. As I boarded a train heading out of the city on the opposite side of home, I sat down towards the middle of a mostly empty cabin, tossing my panties to the empty seat on the opposite side of the aisle from me. Rules of the game were I wouldn't get off the train until someone picked up my panties. As the train lurched forward my pussy gently squirted some fluid in anticipation.
A little rattled after my last encounter with the angry lady, I awkwardly sat in my seat by myself, crossing my legs then uncrossing them before recrossing them. Eventually I decided I needed to do something naughty to keep myself occupied and an idea came to mind. I took my jacket off and chaotically laid it on my lap with my left leg, on the window side, crossing over my right. With my jacket bundled over my crotch and laying down to my right hip to pretend I had bottoms on, it left my entire left side from ankle to sports bra exposed, conveniently next to the window where everyone could see at each stop.
To spice things up, the seats had slight gaps between the back rest and the bottom cushion, allowing the back rests to be rolled over so the seat faced another direction. With my ass to the back of the seat, a keen eye or someone looking to creep on me could check out my bare ass and maybe even my butt plug. It offered a great vantage point to take a video too, it felt like at least some of the plug would be visible, in my mind I exaggerated it to have my full plug poking out of the seat, with my pussy hanging out the bottom. I imagined a guy seeing me for the dirty slut I was and sliding a couple fingers in my soaking wet pussy, finger fucking me until I came.
Unfortunately my dream never came and I sat mostly alone in the cabin as the train zoomed through the tunnels. Every time we came to a station I perked up, keen to flash my lower half to everyone at the station.
There was a stop where there was a couple people sitting on the seats waiting, obviously not getting on my train. As the doors started to close to get ready to leave, I leant over to my right side, laying down on the seat and showed off my pussy and plug. As the train started taking off I transitioned to doggy style with my ass facing the window. Sliding my hand between my legs, I quickly fingered myself a few times as the train took off, allowing any others further down the platform to check out my masturbation show.
I did this a couple times before getting a little unsatisfied as I couldn't see the results of my indecency. By now we were well and truly out of the city, heading to the suburbs on the outskirts wirh the stations getting quieter and the cabin too.
As the train pulled into the next stop, I eyed my audience, a couple of people moved to hop on the train but I spotted a redhead tradesman sitting on the classic wooden bench seats apparently every stop had. He was looking at his phone with an arm casually leaning on his cooler bag. I spun my bottomless body around to face him with my pussy, spreading my knees apart with my sandals dangling elegantly to the side. Checking to make sure I had the cabin to myself, I quickly pulled my bra over my head, activating my core to maintain my spread position.
As my bra pulled past my eyes I was met by the gaze of the gobsmacked redhead. As the train doors fully shut, I grabbed a tit with my left hand and rubbed my clit with my right, opening my mouth to seductively moan to him as I looked him square in the eyes. With the train starting to take off I switched to fingering myself, rapidly pumping my pussy and rocking my body to match before we sped out of eye sight from each other.
I breathed a sigh of relief as I felt my sexual mojo return, reinvigorating my desire to be seen committing lude acts and fueling male wank banks. My next issue was that my panties remained untouched and I was a 3 hour drive (even longer on public transport) away from home.
There was a major stop 5 minutes away so I decided to change the rules of the game. I was gonna hop off the train at the major stop but had to wrap my jacket around backwards so I could have front coverage but my ass would be exposed as the sleeves could only cover so much. The gem in my plug would even match my bra. Wiggling in my seat in anticipation, I recognised I was still naked in the cabin by myself and my pussy had leeched my juices onto the fabric I was sitting on.
Tying up my jacket in reverse, I left my breasts hanging to maximise the exposure time before putting my bra back on and scooping up my panties. As the train approached my stop I stood to realise how exposed my behind really was. I frowned as my sleeves swayed around my rear barely covering the bright blue plug between my cheeks and possibly leaving my pussy visible.
Committing to the new game, I walked up to the glass doors, holding onto the poles as I planned my escape. The station was reasonably busy with most people standing on the opposite train line to get to the city I came from, behind me. So with my ass out for everyone on the other side to see, I stepped out of the comfort of the train and onto the pavement. My bare ass felt the warm, humid air change as my survival instinct kicked in. Eyeing the closest seat i made a dash for it, my cute little ass cheeks devilishly laid out for prying eyes. I brushed past a few standing commuters, feeling their heads turn to check out my leaking pussy from behind, when realistically I had no idea if anyone was looking.
Taking what felt like a lifetime, I reached the seat and planted my bare ass onto it, my butt plug jolting me from the rather harsh landing. I'd never quite appreciated the coolness of a silver bench seat invading the warmth of my body so much. As my ass conformed to the corrugations of the seat I breathed a sigh of relief as my exposure was briefly halted. Even still, with my ass out of sight my legs and hips were completely visible, making it rather obvious I was bottomless.
With my nerves a little more manageable I took a few deep breaths to eye up my situation. I decided I wouldn't head in the direction of home until my panties were picked up and I made a rule where I couldn't move my jacket until then too. I needed to get to the other side with more people on it.
To my left, about 30 metres away was a walkway that spanned over the train tracks. It was reasonably quiet but walking that direction meant showing my ass to both sides of the track, which wasn't the end of the world, it wasn't like I'd ever see these people again. I bit my lip and shot up, making my way to the walkway, ass out and all. I hoped the imprints of the seat didn't take away the sexiness I was feeling having my bottomless, plugged rear end so well displayed.
With nobody in front of me, I lifted the flap of the jacket to flash my pussy, secretly rewarding myself for my efforts thus far. As I turned to walk up the stairs, I saw in the corner of my eyes quite a few heads turned my way from both sides of the tracks, I'd definitely been caught out. But spending this many hours bottomless in public made me comfortable in my nudity, my nipples perking up in response. I was thriving. With the walkway to myself and a few advertisement boards providing me some ass coverage as I walked, I gave my clit some ecstatic rubs as I walked. My juices lubricated everything down there so well as my fingers effortlessly alternated between sliding up and down my slit and drawing circles on my clit.
I felt like stripping naked and fucking myself to an orgasm with all those eyes on me on top of my podium, but realistically I was too scared to take things that far. The thoughts were enough though as I felt an orgasm building up between my legs as I reached the steps on the other side. Taking my hands away from my pussy the pulsating tension eased as I made my way down the stairs, still soaking the attention of a few sets of eyes.
As I made my way to the main waiting area I picked up the pace as I passed a few people, acknowledging to myself the exposure of my ass. Finding a seat reasonably close to the middle, I rushed to sit and simultaneously casually dropped my panties off to the side, ready for pick up. I crossed one leg over the other, showing off my entire leg and the side of my ass as I waited for a pervy guy to go for my once wet knickers on the ground. They actually landed in a sexy position, as if I'd just stepped out of them. The leg holes sat evenly either side of the stained, crusty crotch, as if a horny girl had just whisked them off in the heat of a public fuck at the train station.
My mind wandered to naughty places as I stared blankly at my used undergarments, bouncing my crossed leg as I waited. I fantasised over a guy scooping them up and dangling them in my face, asking if they were mine, why they had been so wet and what sort of dirty things I'd done in them. I'd spread my legs for him as he sniffed the crotch before wrapping them around his cock and pounding me to an orgasm.
I sidetracked off my sexy scenario as I wondered what guys liked about sniffing worn panties, it had always grossed me out a little but it turned me on knowing my panties were so desperately sought after.
"Maybe a little too much." I digressed as I noted my public, bottomless state with my panties cast aside.
Eventually a train arrived with the sunset and a barrage of people scattered around me, lining up to board as others dismounted. My eyes remained set on my panties laying dormant on the ground, my only piece of genuine crotch coverage. To my surprise, a guy dismounting the train wearing a grey hooded singlet spotted my panties as he walked, turning his head to focus his vision and decide if his eyes were playing games. He quickly turned around and without checking his surroundings, shamelessly bent down and scooped up my panties, tucking them away into the pocket of his gym shorts.
With the train leaving and my panty drop successful, I was finally able to flip my jacket around. Buzzing from seeing my panties go to a new home, I decided to put myself on display again. Standing up, I twisted my jacket around to cover my shamefully plugged ass and untied the sleeves, holding them out to the sides as far as my arms could stretch. Flashing my bare mound to the departing train and then the opposite side of the train line, a few heads turned my way as I held the flash for an unusual amount of time, most likely registering it as an intentional, attention seeking exposure of myself. I then brought the sleeves together up around my tummy and started to tie them together, leaving my pussy in plain sight still.
In the meantime, I gained a few voyeurs and was gutted when I finished tying my sleeves, adjusting them down to regain some modesty. With my dissatisfied flash, I sat back down and put my heels up on the seat either side of my ass while bunching my sleeves up between my tummy and thighs. This left my pussy out again so my voyeurs across the train line could continue checking me out. Mostly young to middle aged men, they stared at me like hawks while I turned away to act casual.
With the sunset progressing, it would've gotten harder for my audience to get a good view so I wrapped up my flashing exercise when the next train arrived, starting my bottomless journey home.