Author's Note:Welcome readers to this, my entry in the "National Nude Day Story Contest 2020". I hope you will enjoy reading it as much as I enjoyed writing it!
Please cast your vote at the end (if you're so inclined) and know that comments and feedback are also very welcome.
Heartfelt thanks go out toCharrla,Todger65and29wordsforsnowwho each gave of their own personal time to edit or beta-read the story. They have made this tale better, in spite of its author.
Happy reading and I sincerely hope you enjoy this little romp in the woods!
--Roo
++++++++++
The Chimney Tops trail wasn't all that long in distance—barely a couple of miles each way. So it wasn't the distance that was kicking our butts so much as the relentless uphill climb.
The mid-summer heat wasn't doing us any favors either, but at least we'd known about that going in. In fact, it was the reason Julie insisted we start our hike later in the afternoon.
Still, if someone had told me before we'd left that one of us would end up passing out, I would have put money on it being Julie, not myself. But we'll get to that part later.
As we continued our trek up the trail, the number of hikers going the opposite direction underscored just how popular a trail this was. And nearly half of them had some bit of snarky wisdom to share with us as they passed, like "You're going the wrong way," or "Hope you don't mind hiking in the dark."
But our absolute favorite was the falsely encouraging, "You're almost there!" which felt like some kind of inside joke among hikers, since the first time we heard it was barely a quarter mile in. That particular comment persisted the rest of the way up, too. But after what seemed like a full hour of hiking, I was about to say that last one myself.
"We're almost there, babe," I yelled back to my wife, trying my best to sound convincing.
"You said that half a mile ago," she quickly reminded me.
"I did?"
"Yeah, and I've been hearing it enough from everyone else. You don't have to lie to me, too," she teased.
"When did I say it before? I don't remember that."
"Uh, when we were passed by those hippie girls?"
That was enough to jog my memory. I indeed remembered 'the hippie girls'—all three of them. But she phrased it like some sort of vague question that she expected me to answer...only I didn't want to.
"I know you remember them, Ben. You couldn't keep your eyes off the brunette."
Caught for the umpteenth time.
"Um, sorry, Jules," I meekly confessed. "I didn't think I was that obvious."
"It's okay, Benji." She never called me that when I was actually in trouble. "I told you before, you canlookall you want."
"Yeah, I know you say that, but are you sure it doesn't bother you—me looking at other women? I always feel bad when I do...and even worse when you catch me."
"You're adorable, you know that? You already know I check out other men, so it's only fair, right?"
That thought never did sit well with me, no matter how many times she reminded me of it. My Julie?...mentally drooling over someone else? Even if it was 'only' with her eyes, wasn't it still feeding her imagination?...and fueling her fantasies?...just like I was doing with the brunette?
Ooh.The double-standard hit me like a four-pound sledge, andthatmade me feel bad, too.
"You've really gotta learn to be okay with it," she continued, as if reading my mind, "because I'm a highly proficient crotch watcher and I'm not about to let my skills go to waste."
"Oh, wow, okay, I think that's enough confessing for now." This topic of conversation was starting to make me uncomfortable.
I should have known Julie wasn't about to let me off so easy, though. Back when we'd first started dating, she declared it her personal mission in life to help me be more adventurous and break away from my 'repressed upbringing' as she called it.
"If you'd only ask, Benji, I could give you some pointers—you know, help you up your game so at least you're not so creepy about it."
"I was creepy about it, too?"
"Don't worry, I don't think she minded."
"And you would know that, how?"
"Um, a thin white tank top and no bra? Don't even try to tell me you didn't notice her pokies. Can you imagine if she starts sweating?"
"Oh god, Jules."
"And her cute little ass cheeks peeking out of her cut-offs?"
Sometimes, she was just relentless.
"I really liked her bracelet, though. That blue jade really brought out her eyes, don't you think?"
I actually did notice the jade bracelet, by the way. I'm not a complete animal.
"And did you notice her tan lines? Oh, wait, she didn't seem to have any,didshe, Benji? So, was it her blonde friend or the redhead showing off the tan lines on her ass? I can't seem to remember."
I didn't answer, hoping her teasing would come to an end soon. Besides, it was a trick question; there was no redhead. (By the way, it was the blonde with the shorter hair that had the pronounced tan lines. Just saying.)
"How do you suppose she had no tan lines showing, Benji?" She was back to hounding me about the brunette. "You think she tans in a G-string?"
There's no way I was going to try to answer that. But it was a notion I hadn't even considered up to that point. I had simply enjoyed what I could see of her all-over tan, not wondered how it came to be.
But thanks to Julie, the thought was quickly taking seed in my mind as my imagination erupted with images of the young woman's lithe body covered in tanning oil, lying next to a pool somewhere as she soaked in the sun in a tie-dye triangled G-string bikini.
"Ooh, or maybeau naturel?!"
Damn, Jules!I felt my dick twitch as this new fodder for my imagination suddenly took root. Then, just as quickly, I shook my head, somewhat violently, to try to clear the images from my mind—as if that worked for anyone, ever.
Julie giggled but, of course, wasn't done torturing me quite yet.
"Aww, come on, babe. You don't think I noticed how our pace increased so you could try to keep up with them?" She giggled again after saying this, so I knew it hadn't actually bothered her.
"Okay, Jules! Enough, please. I said I'm sorry...I didn't mean to...I was...I..." I stammered from embarrassment. Sure, I'd come a long way from the shy kid I'd been in high school and even college when I first met Julie, but I still had my limits.
Fortunately for me, Julie was a master at carefully stretching those limits and even though it was sometimes quite uncomfortable when she did, I was always grateful afterward. I still have a long way to go, but I'm a much happier, much freer person now, thanks to her.
"Anyway," I decided to change the subject, or rather just bring it back to where we'd started, "I do mean it. I see more sunlight coming through, and I hear a few more people. I think we've almost made it."
It turns out I was completely wrong. It was simply a section of the trail with a few less trees and the voices were just one more family of hikers heading home for dinner—hopefully not noticing me adjusting my shorts as they rounded the corner in front of us.
We continued hiking up...up...incessantlyup the trail.
"I so can't believe you talked me into this," Julie taunted playfully after several more minutes of quiet hiking, save for the few returning hikers admonishing us to hurry so we don't get caught in the dark.
"Uh, excuse me, Jules? For the record, I distinctly recall this being your idea, not mine."
She went curiously quiet again. It wasn't like her to back down when it came to friendly banter, especially when she's the one who started it.
"Hey, back there. Didn't you hear me? No argument? No comeback? Nothing at all?"
Still only silence, though I could hear her shuffling about, so at least I knew she hadn't slipped and tumbled all the way back down to Gatlinburg.
"Wow, I guess I really put you in your place," I bragged, rubbing it in and trying to bait her just a little bit. "That was almost too easy."
She finally countered with a loud gasp—strike that, a ridiculously over embellished gasp.
I smiled, but didn't acknowledge it. A couple of seconds later, I heard her do it again, only this time even louder. I knew immediately what she was up to—another impromptu solo improv.
++++++++++
Unless you count the single acting class she took at the local community college, Julie was neither 'trained' in the craft, nor all that good at it. But I'm not complaining, since I didn't normally pay much attention to her little thespian productions in the first place—well, not for the acting anyway. What I got out of it was the opportunity to ogle her body, practically by invitation, and without ever having to explain myself.
So, if she thinks I'm watching as 'a fan of her art' when I'm actually just openly perving on her curves, well, what's the harm in that?
Anyway, once I realized she was fully into character, I just had to turn around to catch the show.
As usual, she waited patiently for her audience of one to be ready before proceeding. And it seemed that me shaking my head in mock frustration while putting my hands on my hips was akin to a director yelling'Action!'
She had come to a full stop on the trail and was frozen in a slightly hunched over pose. Once she knew I was paying attention, she weakly raised a hand and indicated with her pointing finger that she had some kind of important message to impart.
Her breathing appeared labored as she reached to her face to pull away what I had guessed was an imaginary face mask. Her other hand was holding onto an invisible rope, like a Parisian mime except without the stripy t-shirt and beret. And that's when it dawned on me: she was pretending to be a mountaineer, struggling up something like Mt. Everest.
She drew a quick breath of oxygen from her make-believe oxygen tank before pointing an accusing finger at me. "I'd set you straight...Benjamin..." (Insert another over-acted gasp here.) "but I...need to make..." (another gasp—this time with a little bit of wheezing, which I thought was a nice touch.) "I need to make...oxygen decisions." She went back quickly to her pretend oxygen tank and took in another wheezy breath.
"Uh-huh," I stated flatly. I'd long since learned not to providetoomuch encouragement. Even for good bits, it was best to feign indifference with her little performances.
I learned this lesson the hard way one morning, when she tried out a new southern belle accent on me and actually did a halfway decent job of it. Unfortunately, I told her as much and then had to endure the rest of the day hearinghun'sandyall'sandI do declare's.
Sensing the end of her ten-second improv, and hoping to avoid hearing Darth Vader breaths the rest of the day, I brought her back to reality as quickly as I could.
"That's what I thought, Jules, and I'll take this little performance as your official surrender. This was entirely your idea and you know it. You're really cute, though. I will grant you that.Wrong,but still cute."
She smiled and giggled like a child hearing her mom doting over a picture she'd colored of a horse, that looks nothing like a horse. She took a deep breath—a real one, this time—then pushed herself upright and started hiking again.
I passed her again within twenty yards or so as she once again slowed to a crawl—her exhaustion getting the best of her.
Incessantly up we continued.
++++++++++
"Hey babe, we made it!" I called out, as I finally found myself walking out of the dense Smoky Mountain forest and into an open and, more importantly,flatclearing. The soft dirt trail gave way to shimmery black rock beneath my feet—a mix of quartzite and slate. I took in the sight for just a few seconds before turning back, in time to see Julie exiting the woods as well.
She barely even glanced at the barren mountain top behind me before leaning over with her hands on her knees and letting out a long, deep, exhale. She was clearly not as impressed with the destination as I was, but I chalked it up to exhaustion. Normally, she'd be all over this, taking so many pictures that I'd have to remind her not to fill up the SD card in our camera too fast.
"Wanna climb to the very top with me?" I asked, perhaps too excitedly.
She didn't raise her head, nor did she answer—well, not with words anyway. She simply thrust out a fisted hand, palm up, then slowly extended her middle finger upward.
"Hey now!" I protested. "Let's keep this family-friendly, please."
She finally looked up, glanced again at the mostly vertical rock face, rolled her eyes, then raised her other fist and extended the middle finger on that hand, as well. For the most part, she managed to hide her tiny grin. But I caught enough of it to know she was feeling better than she appeared.
She plopped herself onto the ground and started taking off her thin flannel shirt.
I watched quietly as she balled up her shirt and stretched her arms out then over her head.
"Yoga pants and sports bras," I joked out loud, "two of the greatest inventions horny men ever devised."
"Mm Hm," Julie chuckled. She knew I was a sucker for both.
"You go ahead. These rocks seem lonely. I'll keep them company 'til you get back. And Ben, seriously, take your time."
I scrambled up the smooth and steeply angled mountain top but wasn't quite so brave as 'the hippie girls' who had reached the peak ahead of us. They had already ditched their little hand-made sling bags and were frolicking about the rocks like sexy little agile mountain goats.
I caught sight of the brunette and immediately wanted to investigate her missing tan lines again, except she turned around while I was in mid-leer. I looked away quickly, but not before noticing her grin at me.Caught yet again.
Maybe Julie was right, though. Maybe the brunette really didn't mind me checking her out. Regardless, I couldn't shake Julie's earlier comment about me seeming creepy and felt incredibly self-conscious about it. So, I did my best to avoid further gawking.
I clambered onward on all fours, maintaining three points of contact the whole way, until I reached as far as my nerves would allow.
There simply are no words adequate enough to describe the view from the Chimney Tops pinnacles and I wished Julie had been with me to enjoy it. I found a ledge with a lazy-boy angle to it and relaxed my body into it. The warmth of the rocks and the coolness of the open breeze lulled my body into a sleepy state of relaxation. But my eyes seldom blinked, unable to look away from three-hundred-sixty-degree view of pristine wilderness around and beneath me—not a man-madeanythingas far as the eye could see.
Little did I know at the time that I'd be one of the last people ever to perch on that particular spot—if not forever, at least for several years and possibly decades. Just a few months after our hike, two teenagers would hike this same trail we were on, except that they would start a fire—a tragic wildfire that would not only force the closure of this uniquely special place to all human traffic, but would also take the lives of fourteen people and cause half a billion dollars in damage.
Of course, I had no way to know any of this at the time. In retrospect, though, I've come away with a new appreciation for living in the moment. Had I not taken Julie up on this one last venture before heading back to the campground, I might never have had the chance to experience this place again in my lifetime.
I knew I'd never be able to describe it to her so I took a lot of pictures and mentally committed the scenery to memory as best I could. I even caught a couple of shots of the brunette in the background and fully planned on studying them in more detail later, in private.
Eventually, the hippie girls gathered together again at the trail's end, awfully close to where I thought Julie was. Even from my vantage point, I could hear their excessive chatting and giggling—I only hoped they weren't bothering her too much. But since they were the only other hikers venturing out so late, that left me, sitting on Chimney Tops and taking in the early vestiges of the sunset, all by myself
I felt privileged to be there and had become so engrossed in the landscape surrounding me, and how small I felt in it, that I'd completely lost all sense of time. It wasn't until I heard the hippie girls leaving and looked around to find the shadows growing longer that I remembered I'd left Julie alone at the end of the trail. I scurried back on all fours again, hoping to catch one last glimpse of the brunette before she disappeared into the woods, and hoping Julie wasn't angrily waiting for me.
I half-slid down the slope on my butt until I finally reached a spot where I could stand upright again. The sun was getting low in the sky and as I scanned the area that just an hour prior was packed with hikers, I realized we were going to be the very last people to visit Chimney Tops for the day. I barely caught the last of the hippie girls as she disappeared into the woods. Though she was also a beauty, she just wasn't the brunette. I found Julie relaxing behind a boulder, her head resting on a makeshift pillow she'd made from her flannel shirt and what looked like a white tank top.
I knew we didn't have much time— everyone else had left for a reason, after all—but I still didn't want to wake her, if indeed she was actually sleeping at all. She looked so peaceful, so relaxed, so pretty. I stole a few moments to appreciate thisotherbeauty on display before me—my own wife.Click.I took a picture.
Then, to reveal a little more of her freckled face, I gently pulled a lock of her hair away from her eyes and tucked it behind her ear. Without even moving her lips, she seemed to smile. Her cheeks glowed in the light of the descending sun. Her freckles took on a warm orange hue—her lips, a sunset pink. Beneath her eye lids, I imagined her hazel-colored eyes.Click.Another picture.
Just like Chimney Tops, I realized, my wife also possessed a beauty that no photograph could ever truly capture.Click.Why not? I took another picture, anyway.
I let my eyes wander across her form, following her bare neckline down to where her skin disappeared again behind her sports bra. I reached out my hand and lightly traced the spot where I knew a nipple would be hiding. Within seconds, it awakened, extending its reach toward my touch. I lightly teased it through the fabric until her lips pursed and I heard a slight moan escape.Click.One last photo, then I set the camera down.
I surveyed our surroundings once more, before reaching out to tease her nipple again, unable to resist the tempting opportunity in front of me. From her taut teat, I traced a finger down to the edge of the fabric, pinched the bottom hem tight between my thumb and forefinger, and lifted it up and away from her, just enough so I could see her hard nipple, begging for attention.
Her lips curled into a smile as a dimple started to form, though she kept her eyes shut. Then with both hands, she pulled her bra up herself, exposing her breasts to the open air.
I wasn't about to decline such an invitation, so I leaned down and, with only the tip of my tongue, licked around one nipple, then the other, tasting her slightly salty skin and savoring the feel of her softness.
Only then did she open her eyes, focusing them longingly into mine.
I quickly glanced around to see if anyone else was there.
"We're all alone," she assured me.
"Yeah, I think so, too." I resumed kissing her breasts gently, still keeping a wary eye on the spot where the trail exits the woods. "Did you have a nice nap?"
"Mmm," she cooed, "and an even better wake up call. I could get used to this."
I leaned down and planted a gentle kiss on her lips before informing her that we ought to be leaving soon or we really would be finishing the hike in the dark.
"Don't we have our headlamps?" she asked.
"Well, yeah, but we still should be heading down soon."
"Soon,"she agreed, "but not yet, right? Isn't this why you packed the headlamps in the first place?"
"Jules,youpacked the headlamps," I reminded her. "Was this your plan all along?"
"Maybe."
She reached her arms up and wrapped them around my neck, pulling me back into a kiss of her own—one much more sensuous than the one I'd just given her.
My instincts took over, or perhaps just lust, and I immediately lost my ability to think straight or reason anything out. Here we were at one of the most frequented trail destinations in the Smokies—a national park, I might add—my wife's breasts were exposed to the world, and we were making out.
Was this a federal crime? What if a ranger caught us? Could we end up in jail? Who would we call to bail us out? How would we even explain it? What would her mom think? Hell, what would MY mom think?
I suppose I should have entertained those thoughts more but, in truth, they barely registered at all. Only one thing was on my mind now, and it wasn't anything so respectable as covering Julie's nakedness and hurrying back down the mountain—quite the opposite, in fact.
I looked around again, listening intently for any signs that we might be interrupted. I confirmed we were definitely alone. The hippie girls were at least five minutes down the trail by then and I heard no other voices, not even in the distance—only the wind breezing through the trees and an occasional bird song.
I turned my gaze back to her, ready to finally give her my undivided attention.
"My god, you're beautiful," I gushed.
"Please, don't talk," she quickly interrupted. "We're going to run out of time, remember?"
I reached down again and slid the stretchy Lycra sports bra over her head, setting it on the ground next to the two shirts. My lips remembered their previous travels and resumed them, gently planting small wetted footprints on a path from her chin to a breast—circling an areola and spiraling in to the fully hardened nipple.
I flicked it and heard her draw in a sudden breath. I couldn't help but grin. I flicked again and heard a moan.
I replaced my lips and tongue with my fingertips and continued tickling her breasts, as I slid further down her body. I kissed and licked my way further—from just beneath her tits, down to her navel, only stopping when her hiking shorts rudely blocked any further progress.
As I maneuvered my fingers down to the snap in her shorts, I dipped my tongue into her navel, teasing in and around and back into it again, and repeating the motion like a holding pattern until I finally heard the snap unfasten.
I had to look down for a brief moment so I could pinch the zipper pull and glide it toward her feet. I caught her eyes as she lifted her butt, giving me the nod of encouragement I needed to keep going. I tugged on her shorts while she wiggled, making sure I had a good hold of her panties while I did. I slid them down and clumsily maneuvered them over her hiking shoes.
"Oh my god, now this is a vision of..." I started gushing again.
"Seriously, Ben.Shut up."
I wish I'd taken more pictures—not just the ones I was committing to memory in my mind—but some actual photographs on my digital camera. I knew this was a special moment, the kind that happens, quite likely, only once in a lifetime.
She eased her legs up, bending them at the knees, and opening them wide. Her desire was made clear. Words were not needed.
I descended again, this time not following any leisurely route, but diving directly toward her sex, the salty taste of her skin quickly replaced with the special taste of her passion. I traced her labia with my tongue—first the outer lips, then the inner. I pressed her pubic mound with my palm, massaging and licking, but intentionally avoiding her button.
Her hips wiggled, slowly at first, then more urgently, as she tried to help me zero in on her clitoris, to initiate contact, to take her to the climax she now craved.
In turn, I teasingly avoided the target, hoping to exert some sense of control over my normally in-charge wife. That notion was short-lived, though, as I soon felt both of her hands grabbing tightly on the back of my head and pulling my hair. Suddenly, my head was thrust, through no power of my own, forcibly into her mound. I barely had the chance to take a deep breath before my mouth and nose were sealed tightly against her.
I licked furiously, taking no mercy on her clit, wanting not only to drive her to the brink, but to do so quickly so I could surface for a full breath of air. I flicked and licked in swirling circles around her button, while my fingers explored her folds, quickly finding their way into her velvety wetness.
She arched her back, and the change in position broke the seal of my face against her pussy. A rush of fresh oxygen reinvigorated my efforts. The sounds of my efforts burst forth—the unmistakable sounds of a woman being eaten out by her lover—slurping, licking, moaning, gasping.
I desperately wanted to please her, to bring her to climax, but more importantly to worship her with my mouth, to celebrate and indulge in her perfection.
I tongued her frantically, while her body writhed on the still warm slate stone ground beneath us. In the background, I heard a hawk screech. In the foreground, only her swelling moans of passion.
A cool breeze slid down the hillside, colliding with the heat from her body and the radiant warmth from the stone bed beneath us and sending chills to her skin. Heat...chill...goosebumps...and a sudden grazing over her g-spot with my fingers.
Her thighs pressed hard against my head and her hands retightened their grasp, as the swell of sensations overwhelmed her. She squeaked like she sometimes does when things are 'just right,' then squeaked again as my fingers honed in on their ultimate target.
I recognized all of her sounds, like a favorite song on the radio. I knew each percussive drumbeat of her heart, every slide along a guitar string in her whimpers, every nuanced trill in her voice. Within seconds, she was moaning loudly, as familiar crashing cymbals portended the orgasm that was rushing its way from her core and toward my awaiting mouth.
Then it came—shecame—and I took her in. I swallowed as much of her as I could, tasting her passion, lapping it, devouring it, while she did all she could to will my tongue into her essence as the joyous crescendo overtook her.
**********
We cuddled a couple of minutes before reality set in and I started feeling self-conscious again. I looked around, worried someone might have shown up in the middle of her very nude, very loud, very public orgasm. Though, to be perfectly honest, I was probably the only one worried about it. In fact, she probably wouldn't have been flustered at all if a voyeur had watched from the woods. I would have been mortified—turned on, sure, but also mortified.
But no one had caught us. We were still alone. My sexy woman was still lying completely naked (save for her hiking shoes) on the still warm rocks of Chimney Tops. And I was lying next to her, an obscene bulge tenting my shorts, begging for attention.
"Well, that just happened," she finally whispered as she reached down to my crotch, finding my rock-hard shaft straining against its confinement. "Sorry, Benji. I owe you one—a really special one. That was incredible."
As much as I wanted to protest, to insist on cashing in my rain check right away, I knew she was right. We really did need to get her dressed and make our way back down the mountain, not only because it was getting dark but because we had probably already pressed our luck.
"Well, this is a first," I groaned resignedly.
"First for me, too, Ben, but hopefully, not the last," she cooed.
"Huh?" At first, I was a little confused by her statement, until I realized we weren't talking about the same thing. "Oh,that...No, I didn't mean that."
"You don't have to keep calling it 'that' you know. You can call it what it was."
I hadn't even realized I was doing it, but true to my old nature, I was suddenly back to acting a bit reserved, at least compared to my more adventurous Julie.
"You licked my pussy, Benji...while outside...on top of a mountain, even! Oh my god, I'm starting to get wet all over again just hearing myself say it."
"What? No! I wasn't even talking about that" I referred to what we'd done as 'that' yet again. "I just meant having to hike back to the car with a hard-on!"
"Oh, yeah. I suppose that'll be a first, too," she teased. "Either way, I guess we'll both have something to check off our Bucket Lists when we get back."
"Sure...wait...our what?"
"Don't tell me you've never heard of a Bucket List."
I wasn't sure if it was a question, but I answered her, just in case. "No, Jules. I've never heard of a Bucket List."
"Well, I'll tell you about it on our way back down."
++++++++++
That was indeed the first time I'd heard of a Bucket List. Julie explained that it was basically just a list—a checklist, I suppose—of things you want to do before you lose the chance to do them.
"My theory is it's mainly for introverts," she nudged me with her elbow, "so you should definitely do it."
"Ha ha ha. You're so funny...not."
I hated being called an introvert and she knew it. And least she didn't say I was shy—that was even worse.
But there was no denying Julie's personality was care-free and outgoing and mine was not. I had indeed married the yin to my yang—the complimentary extrovert to counter-balance the inwardness I'd cultivated my entire life and, only since meeting Julie, was making more of an effort to let go of.
"So, what do people put on their Bucket Lists?" I asked while reluctantly handing her the sports bra.
"The usual ones are things like sky-diving, whitewater rafting, seeing the Northern Lights, things like that."
"And you have one of these? A Bucket List?" trying to keep her preoccupied while I committed the few last seconds of her nudity to my memory.
"I have two, actually."
"Two?" That jarred me just enough from my reverie that I looked up to her face. "Why would you need two?"
"Well, there's the regular one. I actually keep it online and literally check things off of it when I do them."
"Seriously? How'd I not know that?"
"Because you're a man." She was now fully dressed and starting to hike away from me. In my mind, I knew she'd stuck her tongue out at me, though I didn't actually see her do it. "If you'd ever get on Facebook, you'd see me mentioning things when I check them off."
"Oh!" I blurted as the realization hit, "So that's what you were talking about when you said you 'checked off' seeing a shooting star?"
"Exactly! Good job, hon. I'm proud of you for figuring that out," she razzed me again. "And so quickly, too. It's only taken you—oh, let me do the math—three months?"
Again, I imagined the face she was probably making. This time, she was probably grinning ear to ear.
"Har har. Whatever. So why do you have two Bucket Lists, though?"
"Oh, well, that's obvious, isn't it?"
"Sorry. I'm a guy, remember?"
"Right. Well, let's just say some things shouldn't be on the same list as seeing a shooting star. Things I wouldn't announce on Facebook, if you get what I'm saying."
"Ah, you mean things like getting your pussy eaten out on top of a tourist trap mountain top in the middle of the Smoky Mountains? Is that what you're saying?"
"Oh my god, did my Benji just saypussyout loud?!"
I couldn't help blushing.
"And yes, that's exactly what I'm saying. There's the Bucket List like everyone else has, but then there's theOtherBucket List for things like 'that.'" She even made air-quotes, for emphasis.
We hiked a little farther, coming to a stop when the late twilight sky caused the tree-covered trail to grow even deeper than the darkening sky above it. We took the opportunity to fetch our headlamps from my daypack and to sip some water.
"I thought you were going to hike down the mountain with a hard-on?" she asked while focusing her headlamp on the crotch of my shorts. By the tone of her voice, she sounded disappointed.
Had she only known; I'd been waiting for it to go down before suggesting the water break. It had only been soft a couple of minutes.
She closed the distance and groped me through my shorts. "I wanted you to be hard so you could tell me what it feels like to have a hard-on in public—one that anyone walking by couldn't help but notice."
"Well," I confessed, as her raspy tone lit a pilot light near the base of my balls. "I've actually been hard most of the time. It's not all that comfortable, to be perfectly honest. I was constantly trying to adjust it so it wouldn't get, like, trapped and stuff."
"Hmm," she continued with her seductive voice, "we definitely wouldn't want that, would we?" She continued stroking my hardening shaft. "Maybe I can help you get more comfortable. Should I lean it to the left..." she yanked my dick quickly to one side. "...or should I lean it to the right?" she quickly yanked it to the other side.
"Ung," I grunted, as the feel of the thin fabric of my athletic shorts scraped across the now sensitized head.
"Hmm. How much further do you think we have?" she asked, as if we were suddenly having a perfectly normal conversation, though she hadn't let go of my manhood.
"N...not much further...Maybe half a mile—three-fourths at the most."Oh god, what is she doing to me?"W...we should probably walk a little slower now. It's not worth t...turning an ankle." I was barely sputtering my sentences.
"Yeah, that make sense." She released her firm grip on my cock and patted it. "Well, I'm ready to keep going if you are."
"Um..." I wasn't sure what else to say. "Okay."
I threw the daypack over my shoulders again and let her lead the way again. As soon as she turned, I started fumbling with my dick, trying to find comfortable positions for my reinvigorated hard-on. I was glad she was leading, or I'd be hearing relentless ribbing about it. On the other hand, following behind her allowed me to watch her ass as it swayed with each step, which only fueled the erection I was trying to calm back down.
More than once, I tripped on a root or a rock because I was paying less attention to the trail than I should have been. My preoccupations quickly alternated between gawking at her behind, to wishing my hard-on would relax, to pondering some other questions I found swirling in my mind.
"Having troubles back there?" she'd joke whenever she heard the tell-tale sound of my boot thumping hard against a rock yet again, usually followed by a curse word.
"Yeah...I'm just wondering," I paused, not sure how to word what I wanted to ask. The whole Bucket List topic had lodged itself in my brain and I couldn't shake it. "Do you really have that second list?"
"The Other Bucket List? I sure do."
"Seriously?"
"Yes! Are you that surprised? Getting my pussy eaten outdoors was number twelve on my list, by the way."
It took a few seconds to digest what she'd said—not only because it was new information, but also because she was so brazen about it. "Numbertwelve?How many things are on your list? And you have it memorized?!"
"Hey, I started my list in high school. So, sue me! I've had a lot of time to think of stuff. And yeah, there's a few things I've wanted to do for so long that I actually remember the number."
"Wow. You're really amazing. You're just so outgoing and stuff. I know I shouldn't be surprised you'd have a list like that. It's...it's just...not something I would do."
"Well, we should fix that."
"Um, yeah, no. How 'bout we just let you keep the list? I'm not sure I could ever do that."
"Ooh, be careful, Benji. You might not want to leave me in charge if we're going tosharea Bucket List."
"I'm just saying I'd be too embarrassed to...you know...have a list like that."
"You're adorable, Ben, but you know," She seemed to be contemplating something. "I'm betting you already have one. You're just too afraid to let anyone know what's on it."
"Ha! You think I have a bucket list? I didn't even know what they were 'til today. Now you think I have one of those 'other' Bucket Lists, too? HA!"
++++++++++
Despite trying to sound flippant, I couldn't help pondering the question as the trail continued further and further downward.
Did I have a list of things I wanted to do before the opportunity was lost? If I didn't, should I maybe start one? And what about that 'other' list...are there things I've maybe secretly wanted to do, but just never had the nerve to admit to? Maybe not even to myself?
THUMP."Dammit!" I'd stubbed my toe again on an exposed root.
This time, Julie didn't even bother trying to muffle her laughter.
The temperature around us felt warmer as we descended, easily back into the upper seventies, if not the low eighties again. That, coupled with the heat from the exertion of hiking, left my shirt soaked with sweat and clinging tightly to my chest and back.
"You still okay back there?" Julie chirped after a good couple of minutes of silence.
"Huh? Yeah, I'm still here..." I hesitated just enough that she keyed in on the fact that I was deep in thought.
"What's on your mind?"
"N...nothing."
"Liar."
She knew me way too well.
"I bet you're thinking about some of the things you want to put on your Bucket List."
"Huh?...Oh...yeah..." I figured I had an opportunity to steer away from my actual thoughts...my uncomfortably embarrassing thoughts. "I don't think I'd want to go skydiving though."
"Not that Bucket List, you dork. Theotherone."
Damn,I'm not sure I'd ever pulled a fast one on Julie, or if I did, I could probably count the times on one hand.
"So, are you going to make me guess?"
"Guess what?"
"What's on your list, doofus."
"Oh," I grew silent again.
"Fine, I'll start guessing. I imagine you'd like the equivalent of what I had just a few minutes ago—an outdoor blowjob, maybe?" she boomed in full voice.
"Hey! Can you keep it down?"
"Um, hello, there's no one around, remember."
"You don't know that! We're probably getting close to the trailhead."
"My husband wants a blowjob outdoors!" she yelled at the top of her lungs.
"Oh my god!" I rushed up behind her, covering her mouth with my hand, trying to muffle her yelling. Of course, it was true that there probably wasn't another soul around to hear us. And it was also true that I secretly dreamed of having an outdoor blowjob. Hell, not an hour previously, I was near to begging her for one.
She quickly gave up her attempts to yell through my hand, only to start licking it instead.
I quickly pulled my hand away. "Gross!"
She turned to face me, her headlamp temporarily blinding me as she looked up at my face.
I covered the lens on my own headlamp so I could see her better.
"So, for real, Ben, I want you to make a Bucket List.TwoBucket Lists, of course. And if you don't tell meeverythingthat's on them, it's going to hurt my feelings."
"Huh? Hurt your feelings? Why would...?"
"Because, I'm willing to tell you everything," she interrupted. "I know you aren't as outgoing as I am and that's okay. I think it's cute—really cute, actually. But I still want to know."
"Know what, exactly?"
"You...everything...your hopes...your dreams...everything you think you'd want to do but are too afraid to tell anyone."
I think I audibly gulped. The thought of letting my mind go, much less confessing to her where my deprived mind might venture, terrified me.
"You know I love you, right?"
"Jules...of course, I do. How could you even ask that?"
"Then, it's settled. I'll need your list on my desk by the end of class tomorrow."
"Um..." I wasn't sure what to say. I wasn't even sure what I was thinking. I do know my feelings were a witches' brew of emotions. From unconditional love and acceptance to swirling fear, embarrassment and shyness—and yes, even a bit of horniness.
She seemed to be reading my mind as she studied my face. I hate it when she does that.
"Can we just get going, Jules? It's getting really dark now."
"Ummm...Nope. Not yet. Tell me one thing you want on your list, and then we'll go."
"Julie, no. Please."
"You know I'm not moving. Come on. Just one thing."
Indeed, I did know she wouldn't be moving. She wasn't just outgoing; she was also strong-willed. A hard-headed free spirit. That's my wife.
"Okay, fine. I'd like to have a blowjob outdoors, okay? Can we go now?"
"Uh, no. We already knew that one."
"Nu-uh."
"Seriously, Benji? Every man on earth has that one on his list."
"Oh," she was probably right about that. "Okay...well...there is this one thing..."
She turned off her headlamp and wiggled closer to me, standing close enough that she could easily kiss me, except that she didn't. "I'm waiting," she purred seductively into my ear.
"I...I've...No, Jules...I can't say it."
She leaned back. "Bullshit. And you really are going to hurt my feelings if you don't."
"Jules, this isn't about you. It's me. It scares me to death to say things like this out loud. You know that! I don't even know why. It just does."
"But it shouldn't—not to me. You do remember who you're talking to, right? And you know I love you, no matter what crazy perverted thing comes out of your mouth in the next 10 seconds."
"But Jules..."
"10..."
"What?"
"...9..."
"Julie..."
"...8..."
"No! ..."
"...7..."
My mind went into a swirl.How did this happen? How did we get to this point?In the background, I could hear the countdown continuing as a deluge of thoughts hurled themselves into my mind. Some I recognized from my teenage years even—fantasies I'd long suppressed but suddenly realized had never ventured all that far away from my conscience.
"...4..."
"Jules, please don't make me..."
"...3..."
I wondered what would happen when the countdown reachedone.The urgency and expectation were palpable. My face suddenly felt flush.
"...2..."
My throat tightened.
"...1..."
What comes after one? A kick in the shin? A slap across my face?No, neither of those things. It only took an instant, but I knew exactly what would come afterone; I would break her heart. Julie's face would turn sad. She'd turn on her headlamp. She'd turn around. And she'd finish hiking the rest of the way down the mountain. She'd do it silently, but she would probably be crying.
That's what would come afterone—I would break her heart simply by not trusting her with just one stupid, measly little secret.
"A nude beach!" I suddenly blurted, not even sure where that particular thought came from.
You know, despite the fact that a headlamp is incredibly bright and can light up every pore of a person's face, especially from only a few inches away, it's surprisingly difficult to read someone's expression under its light. The color of the light just isn't natural. Shadows get washed out. Warm colors are reduced to cool pale blues that merelyresemblethe person's actual skin tones.
It wasn't until I saw two tiny shadows as her dimples emerged from their hiding places that I realized I hadn't broken her heart. Not at all, in fact.
She leaned forward and kissed me gently. Then she pulled back and looked lovingly into my eyes. "Thank you, Ben. I love you so much—to the moon and back and a thousand times over."
"I know, Julie. I know. Can we go now?"
"Sure, but...do you know what today is?" she asked.
"Thursday."
"No, do you knowdayit is?"
"Um, I don't know...the fourteenth...July fourteenth. Why?"
"Wow. You really don't know, do you?"
"I just told you, Jules. Why are you asking anyway?"
"Hmm, no reason in particular."
She was obviously lying. The smirk on her face made that painfully obvious. But she offered no further explanation and I gave up trying to get one.
Julie turned her head and flipped on her headlamp. Then finished swiveling her body to face forward and began walking again down the trail.
I hesitated a couple of seconds, unsure what had just happened, and quickly caught back up to her.
"Um, Jules...you know, just because I said that...well, it doesn't mean I actually want to do it...like, in real life..."
"Mm hmm," her response clearly indicated that she wasn't buying it.
"Jules, I mean it. I don't think I want to actually do that." There was that word 'that' again. I felt a little pathetic. "I mean, getting naked, like...in public...it's...it's crazy, right?"
"WasIcrazy, then, Benjamin? When I was naked not so very long ago? When you were..."
"But that's different," I interrupted before she could really get going, "'cause you're different. I'm...I'm not like you..."
"Not like me?" she sounded a little perturbed. "Notcrazy,you mean?"
"No, Jules, not crazy. More like...brave..."
"Hmm." Any tension that seemed to be building dissolved in an instant. "Well, you're probably right."
"I am?"
"Yeah," she stopped walking again.
"Wha...what do you mean, I'm right?" I sensed a setup in the making.
She turned to face me again. "You're probably not ready for a nude beach. So that might not beexactlywhat you're wanting—not yet, anyway." She was clearly thinking more than she was saying. "Tell me again, how much further do you think we have, Benji?"
"I...I don't know," my mind struggled to shift, grinding its gears as I diverted mental energy solve a puzzle I might actually be able to figure out. "Maybe a quarter-mile? I mean, it's hard to tell when it's dark and we're not walking our usual pace. I...I guess it might even be longer."
"Okay. It's settled, then."
"What is?"
"Let me see the backpack, please."
I shrugged the daypack off and handed it to her. The sweat on my back being suddenly exposed to the open air was refreshing.
"Oh, my, you've really worked up a sweat, haven't you?"
"Yeah...I guess so."
"Take off your shirt."
"Huh? Why?"
"Because it's sopping wet, that's why. Give me your shirt."
It made sense. I mean, itdidn'tmake sense, right? No, it didn't make sense. But I did it anyway. Why? I don't even know. I supposethatdidn't make sense, either.
Maybe the only thing I knew at all was that the open air felt really good on my skin. I watched as Julie unzipped the main compartment of the daypack, wadded up my drenched shirt, and shoved it in.
"Can I have your keys? And your phone? Oh...and your wallet."
I didn't say anything, though I'm sure I had a confused look on my face. It sure felt like I did, anyway. But I reached into the pockets of my shorts and handed her what she asked for. She safely tucked them into the backpack as well, before looking back up at me.
"Okay, now your shorts," she said calmly—firmly.
"Um...my shorts?" My mind was a jumble but too overwhelmed to actually protest.
"Stop thinking, Benji! Just do it!"
"But..."
SLAP!!
It happened in an instant. It was startling—shocking.Like having your head dunked under water when you're not ready for it. My chest stung immediately where she slapped my damp skin with her open hand.
I shined my headlamp onto her face. Still hard to read her expression, but it was hard...stern...demanding...insistent.
"Are you serio..."
She raised her hand again before I could even finish asking.
"Okay!" I offered quickly, instinctively reaching to cover the red spot where she'd just slapped me a moment prior.
I fumbled with the drawstring, attempting to untie it completely. I suppose I didn't actually need to do that, but it seemed like it might buy me some time—time for her to reconsider whatever it was she was doing, maybe? In reality, I was only delaying the inevitable. I let go of the two ends of the drawstring and looked up. She stretched out her hand again and waved it with acome-on-alreadymotion with her fingers.
I numbly slid them down and over my shoes, and handed them to her. She quickly shoved them into the daypack, then reached her hand out again, palm up.
I was now standing in front of her, wearing only my boxer briefs, mini crew wool socks, and hiking shoes...and nothing else. What she wanted next was pretty obvious, and it wasn't my socks.
I slipped my thumbs behind the waistband and slowly pressed down, unsure if this was actually happening. Perhaps, the vision of Julie in front of me was just an apparition. Maybe I was having a dream—a lucid dream, except that she was the one in control, not me. But still, just a dream? Perhaps?
I was snapped out of my delusion when I heard her snap her fingers to get my attention. I blinked twice, only to find her outstretched hand still open before me.
I pushed further down, helping gravity pull my underwear past my pubic hair, across my groin, down to my knees, and then to the earth. I picked up one shoe-covered foot and wiggled it until my foot was extracted. Then I lifted my other foot until I could reach it and pulled my briefs the rest of the way off. I timidly handed them to Julie, who immediately stuffed them into the daypack.
She zipped up the daypack, slung it over her shoulder, and cinched it tight against her chest. Then she stepped back, shining her headlamp over my body—from my leather-covered feet, to my now naked everything else.
She hovered several seconds when the light reached my crotch.
Her dimples. Her grin. It was all I could do to focus on her and not the state I was in.
She stepped forward and wrapped me in a hug. "I love you, Benji. And I don't know about you, but I amsoturned on right now." She reached down and touched my shaft, quickly bringing it to life.
The cobwebs in my brain quickly disappeared and the realization hit. "Jules! I'm naked!" I yelped.
She giggled.
I lowered my volume, though I was still quietly yelling, "I'm...I'm naked!...In the woods...In anational park!...Jules!?"
"You're also getting a hard-on," she gloated while fondling me to an even fuller and harder erection. "You...look...so...hot!I hope you enjoy this."
Then she turned around, adjusted her headlamp to the trail, and walked away.
For a second, I did nothing but watch as she left me behind—nearly disappearing with all of my clothes, my keys, my phone, my wallet—everything—tucked into the daypack.
A rush of clarity hit me. Was it adrenaline? Arousal? Something else? I'm really not sure. But as I looked down at myself, it somehow dawned on me that what I was looking at wasn't merely a 'penis' any longer, or even an 'erect penis' like we were taught to describe it in high school Sex Ed class.
No, what I was sporting was no longer simply a clinically describable body appendage. Rather, it was a lewd, vulgar, hot-to-the-touch and hard-as-steelcock!
It seemed to be forged with the same volcanic heat and seismic tension that formed the very mountains we were hiking in. And even without the obstacles of clothing, it appeared to be straining against restrictions and confines that weren't even there any longer. As it bobbed rhythmically in the air, I reached for it, feeling the heat radiating from it, well before my hand actually grasped it.
Then I looked up, just in time to see Julie rounding a corner several yards ahead of me. I started walking, too. What else could I do?
I picked up my pace, mindlessly feeling my shaft as I walked, eventually catching up to Julie. The sensations were indescribable.Freedom...Acceptance...Sensuality...
There was indeed still a part of me that desperately wanted to beg her to stop, to give me my clothes back, to let me cover my nakedness and hide my embarrassment. But a newly discovered, seemingly stronger part of me thrilled in the salacious excitement of it all.
A furnace had been lit and for the first time in my life I felt like a truly sexual being as opposed to just a being that sometimes engaged in sex.
My exposed skin tingled with the still warm evening breeze. My senses heightened. I started walking faster and with more energy. And as I came to within a couple of steps of Julie, she moved to the side, silently motioning for me to lead the way.
I didn't hesitate, even though I was fully aware of her leering gaze, locked onto my turgid dick as her light shined down on it. I passed by her, like I would have done any other time—any other time when I was wearing clothes, that is—as if it were perfectly normal.
From behind, I could again imagine Julie's expressions. I envisioned a smile crossing her face, feeding a wider grin, her dimples deep, her freckles adding color to her smile-stretched cheeks. Her expression, in my mind, was not one of victory or even being smug, but simply one of pride. I was hers. I belonged to her. I would do anything for her—I'd even strip off all my clothes and hike completely nude in front of her in a national park. And in the moment, I was surprisingly okay with that.
++++++++++
As we finally approached the trailhead, my courage began to wane. I quickly scanned the area for any unwanted signs of life. I remembered our truck was still another hundred yards or so down the road since there were only a couple of spots left when we arrived. Thankfully, I saw no other cars. Julie reached out and held my hand, as if sensing my trepidation.
She pulled me close. "I'm so proud of you."
It didn't even matter that the reason for her praise was so absurd. I felt my chest rise and felt proud as well, of myself.
There would be no shortcut for these last hundred yards. The obvious solution—to simply ask Julie for my clothes—didn't cross my mind. Perhaps I assumed she'd just say no, even if I did. So, we quietly waited, watching a long line of cars following one slower car, as they ambled their way back toward Gatlinburg. All the while, Julie either held my hand, or fondled my cock, ensuring I stayed fully engorged and at the height of arousal.
Eventually, a gap formed where there was no traffic from either direction. Quickly, Julie pulled me out to the pavement. I hesitated a split-second right until she yanked me further into the open.
"Don't move!" she suddenly ordered, as she fumbled in her pockets.
I watched her take a few steps down the road away from me, before turning around and quickly taking a photo with her phone.
"What are you doing?!" I nearly screamed. "We have to hurry!"
No sooner had I said that, I saw headlights about to round the corner in front of me.
Julie ran back and grabbed my hand, leading us both back to the relative safety of
a wide-trunked pine tree, only a few feet off the roadway. The rough bark pressed firmly into my skin as I tried to melt into the tree while car after car passed by us, their passengers unaware that a few mere feet from them, a naked man with a lurid erection was being obscenely fondled by his mischievous wife.
Fortunately, that line of traffic had been travelling the same direction and as soon as the last car passed, Julie was pulling me back out to the pavement.
She denied my request to walk faster as she led me down the double-yellow centerline of Newfound Gap Road, keeping a tight grasp on my cock to ensure I didn't run off.
Twice more we had to sprint off the pavement and hide behind a tree until another gap in traffic came along, but eventually we got to within a few yards of the truck. It felt so close, yet still so very far away.
Again, I tried to will myself into the tree bark, as we waited for the traffic to disappear, this time from both directions.
"Oh great," I whispered, as if anyone in the cars would actually be able to hear me. "Do you smell that?"
Julie didn't answer and I couldn't see her face since we'd turned off our headlamps temporarily.
"I think it's a skunk," I finally whispered again.
"Oh!" Julie finally giggled. "Yeah, Benji, I bet you're right...It's just a skunk..."
The traffic disappeared and Julie quickly turned on her headlamp and lured me out from the shadows. I followed her light to the pavement until I was once again standing on the centerline.
Julie adjusted her headlamp so it was shining directly on me. I was mostly blinded by it, but I had a suspicion she might be taking more pictures with her phone, as she walked backwards the rest of the way to the truck. I reached the passenger side, just as another line of vehicles came up from the north, heading uphill toward Newfound Gap.
Though still nude and hard, I finally felt safe. So long as I stayed on the passenger side of the truck, I was pretty certain no one would ever see me.
Julie opened the truck, causing the dome light to come on. I was still safe from the view of passersby, yet it shocked me into feeling totally exposed again, even though nothing had really changed.
"So, do I get my clothes back now?" I asked Julie, not at all confident what her answer might be.
"Oh, I thought maybe you'd want a little relief, first," she answered with a flippant tone, "but hey, if you just want to get dressed and head back to town..." she taunted.
"No, no, no!" I interrupted as quickly as I could. "You have no idea how badly I want some relief!"
"In that case," she purred as she reached down, the dome light still illuminating my shaft, her velvety fingers teasing nearly every nerve ending, drawing me even closer to the release I'd been priming for, for nearly an hour.
"Oh my god, Jules," I moaned, surprised at how quickly I'd reached a point so close to climax. "I'm not going to last much longer."
"No!" she suddenly let go of my cock and slapped my balls really quick.
"What the hell?!" I begged as I keeled over, "I was so close!"
"I know, Ben, and I'm sorry. But not here! Not here!"
She took my headlamp from me and tossed it into the truck before closing the door. It was now fully dark again and though I couldn't see her, I could tell she was taking off her flannel shirt.
Just when my eyes were starting to adjust to the darkness again, she reached up and wrapped her shirt around my face, covering my eyes, and tying it behind my head with her sleeves.
"What are you doing, Jules?!" I was beyond confusion.
"Just trust me," she chimed enthusiastically as she grabbed my hand.
"Where are you taking me?"
She didn't answer.
"Jules! What are you doing?! Are you taking me to the road? We're going to get arrested!"
"Hush! We're not going into the road. I just don't want you to think about the traffic anymore."
"But I wasn't!" I protested. Even in my confused state, that didn't make any sense. But when I felt her fingers touching my cock again, I gave up trying to figure anything out.
As she gently traced her fingers up one side of my shaft, I heard the tell-tale sound of car tires, whirring on the pavement. "Jules! A car!" If anything, this new setup made me even more aware of my surroundings. How was a blindfold supposed to help anything?
"The people in the cars can't see us, Ben. I promise!"
I held my breath as the sounds grew louder, then quickly passed and disappeared into the distance. My senses felt energized. My ears tuned to the slightest sounds. The hairs on my arms and neck stood at attention, sensing even the slightest breeze.
"That skunk smell again," I said with worry in my voice, tuning into scents that seemed only a few feet away.
"Don't worry about that, Ben. It's okay, I promise."
She continued her ministrations and, after another car approached and passed without slowing, my worries eased. Finally, the familiar stirring started to rise again. And just as I approached the edge of cumming, she again let go of my shaft and painfully pinched its base, causing my imminent ejaculation to shrink back into my balls.
"Shit, Jules! Why?!"
"I'm shining my headlamp on you, Benji," she announced lustfully. "I'm lighting up your cock so that anyone could see, if only someone was here."
My cock twitched in the darkness, though I couldn't see anything through the shirt.
"But what if someone was watching, Benji? Would you want her to see?" She started stroking my shaft again.
"What? Who? I don't understand."
Closer and closer, I approached the edge, nearer and nearer to cumming.
"I'm getting close, Jules...so close..."
"Do you want her to see, Benji?"
"What?!"
Again, she let go and pinched me hard at the base.
"Argh! Jules, why are you doing this? Please let me cum!" I begged.
"But you haven't answered my question, yet."
Her hand returned, stroking me expertly to the brink and keeping me there. She could sense I was close—so close that even her cruel pinching trick might not be able to hold me back anymore.
"Do you care if she sees, Benji? Don't you want to cum this time?" she pressed, increasing her pace.
"Yes, Jules, I want to cum. Oh god, I want to cum."
"Do you care if she sees?"
"No, dammit! I don't care!...Ung...Just let me...please...let me..."
"What do you want her to see, Benji?"
"See me cum...I want her to...to see me cum..."
"You really don't mind then?"
"Ung...Mmph..."
"A stranger? Watching you cum?"
"No!...Ah...I don't care! I want her to see! I want her to see me cum!Please let me cum!"
"That's my Benji. I love you so much. I want you to do it. I want her to see my man cum. Cum, baby!"
I felt her free hand reach down and massage my balls while the other continued to stroke, occasionally getting wetted with her spit.
"I want you to cum hard," she continued, her voice deep and raspy and lustful and urgent.
If there was any traffic, I was no longer hearing it. My mind was focused only on my arousal, on seeking release.
"Show her, my love!" she demanded, as her hand left my balls and I felt her shirt loosening from around my head, then falling away. I followed the light of Julie's headlamp to the sight of my cock, being stroked in her hand—hard and fierce and ready to erupt into the darkness beyond the light.
Julie looked up, just enough to illuminate my face without blinding me, while also keeping my cock in full light.
"Oh my god, Jules!" I shouted, as an intense orgasm churned from within. "Jules! I'm...I'm..." I couldn't finish my thought as the pending explosion was finally ignited.
"That's right, Benji! Do it! Show her your cum! She wants to see it, too!"
My hips were thrusting with her enthusiastic strokes. My nipples were hard and sensitive as the breeze once again tickled them. All of my senses rushed back to me at once. I heard traffic behind me. The smell of skunk, I now realized, wasn't a skunk at all. It was someone smoking pot, just a few yards away. I looked into the shadows as my cum began to escape its hold. I saw watching eyes in the shadows, then a face. My vision became clearer than it probably should have been as the face became familiar. It was the face of the brunette, watching me from the shadows.
"Come on, Benji! Cum for me. Cum forus!"
It had to be a dream, or a vision, orsomethingbut I was in no state of mind to analyze it. I surrendered to the fantasy that the brunette was watching.
"I'm cumming, Jules! Ungh!UNGH!"I felt its heat, the immense pressure launching through my shaft and exploding into the night-time air. "Ungh!" A second spurt rocketed airborne, then fell down to the earth. "Arrgh!" A third shot headed directly toward Julie, leaving a shimmering line that crossed her wrist then disappeared into the stark shadow beyond it.
"Oh...Jules..." I gasped, as the crescendo reached its zenith, then quickly subsided. "Oh...oh my...mmph...oh my god!"
Julie slowed her stroking, then released her grasp. She licked the shiny stream of cum from her wrist, tasting its flavor before swallowing it, then gently licked my over-sensitized head, causing me to flinch and every muscle in my core to contract.
"Wow, Benji. I think you kinda liked that," she joked.
My soul melted into a deep calm as she suckled my cock, now softening in her gentle cradling touch.
"Oh my god, Jules...I've never...ever...like that!"
She stood and leaned close, careful to keep the headlamp out of my face, and kissed me on neck. "I'm really glad you liked it. I knew you would."
"Thank you," was all I could think to say.
"You're welcome. Now wait here a sec."
"What? Where are you going?!"
I had no choice but to wait, as Julie made her way back to the truck.
Once again, I started feeling self-conscious. My senses resharpened and I felt a sudden chill run down my neck—not from the cold, but from something else.
I watched Julie fumble around inside the truck for a moment and extract something from the backpack. I felt relieved when she returned, a short minute later.
"Did this really just happen, Jules?"
"It sure did, babe. I just checked off a shitload of stuff from my list! I'm guessing you did, too."
"Uh,yeah!Things I didn't even know about!" I chuckled.
"Isocan't wait to hear what else you're going to put on your Bucket List."
"Uh huh, like skydiving?" I joked.
"Oh no, Benji, theotherBucket List."
She leaned in and wrapped her arms around me, squeezing me tight.
"I love you so much, Jules."
"I love you too, babe...Oh!" she suddenly jumped, "I almost forgot!"
I had no idea what was she was about to do, so I just followed the light from her headlamp. I watched in what seemed like slow motion—somehow both blurred and perfectly focused at the same time as the light from Julie's headlamp descended across my nakedness, illuminating my chest, still goosebumped from the breeze.
My semi-hard manhood came into view, still exposed to open air, and nearly ready for another round, if Julie would be willing. Finally, the light settled on her hand, clutching the thin white tank top that she retrieved from the truck.
I hadn't paused to wonder where the tank top even came from until that moment. I watched as she pulled back with an underhand motion and launched the small garment upward, into the shadowy darkness. Its whiteness shined brightly as it floated in the air, opening itself like a parachute as it started its descent.
Slowly, it fell from its flight, lulled by gravity back toward the earth, only to be caught at the last possible moment by a soft, sun-kissed hand, wearing a blue jade bracelet.
And that, my friends, is when I blacked out.
++++++++++