I had known James since high school. He really wasn't all that freaky but he did like to have fun. James was a big fan of strip clubs and loved, like most of us, naked women. I told her that he frequented them so often, he was often asked to provide security for "special guest" at the club he went to most often. She didn't say much about it but seemed intrigued.
I had invited James over for dinner a few weeks after she met him. After a great meal, James said his favorite part of dinner was always the dessert. Danielle responded that we didn't really have anything sweet but if we wanted to run to the store and pick something up, she would be more than happy to bake it for us. With that, we headed to James' truck.
Before getting in the truck, I told James that I needed to go grab my wallet. I went inside and told Danielle that she should change into something super sexy. She said she wasn't sure if it was a good idea and didn't want to make it awkward for James. I told her that the guy goes to a strip club about 8 nights a week, he likes scantily clad women. She said she would think about it.
At the store, James and I decided on Lemon Bars, always a good choice. When we got back to the condo, I noticed that I could see Danielle changing through our bedroom window. Danielle and I made it a point to leave our blinds open so that people could see in if they wanted to. You had to be a little taller to see over our fence which usually meant only taller men got a peek. I pointed it out to James and we sat on the tailgate of his truck for about 15 minutes, watching her try on one piece of underwear after another. My favorite was when she put on a cute white g-string and a "wife beater" tank top. Once she had that on, I told him we should head in.
We intentionally made a noisy entrance so she would know that we were there. I had hoped we caught her attention before she changed out of the preferred outfit. Upon hearing us she said she would be right out. We waited, anxiously.
When Danielle came out, she was wearing...the same jeans and a t-shirt as when we left. I gave her a confused look and we went about our evening. After dessert and some conversation I walked James out to his truck. "I'm not sure what happened" I said. He wasn't overly concerned and said that he was heading to the club and could see boobies there.
I went back inside and she immediately apologized. I told her there was no reason to be sorry. I told her that I was a bit surprised, considering her comfort level in the pool She said that she didn't mind showing off, she had just never done it in front of somebody in close quarters. Again, I assured her not to worry about it. What she said next surprised me. She said "I want to do it, I'm just unsure of what to wear and how he will react." My first response was that she should wear something she feels good about and that she thinks she looks good in. I assured her that he would enjoy whatever she wore. I told her about us watching her trying outfits on. She didn't believe me until I mentioned a couple of the outfits that she tried on.
"What did he say?" she asked.
At first I tried to be vague about his word usage but she wanted specifics.
"He said that you have gorgeous tits and that even if the only thing that ever happened was that he got to suck on them, he would be able to jerk off to that memory for a long time!"
She asked if he said anything else. I let her know that he assured me that he would only fuck her if I was okay with it and if I was present, if that was the way I wanted it.
I told him that you had shown off to strangers plenty of times but that I had never shared you, that we would have to play it by ear.
She said she wanted me to pick the sluttiest outfit I could for her and she wanted to go out in public that night so she could get use to being close to and carrying on a conversation with somebody while dressed that way. Immediately I said she should go topless and thong. She said that she didn't want to get arrested. I quickly cut a pair of her jeans to so they would show almost everything. Her ass cheeks hung out that back and only a thin piece of denim went between her sexy labia. I cut up a white tank so that if she moved he arms at all, a nipple was sure to pop out. When I showed her, I was sure she would say HELL NO. Instead, she said she would go put it on.
She came out of the bedroom wearing what I had given her. I was in shock. I had cut off far more material than I thought. The top was see thru so her nipples were easy enough to see but when she moved her arms, her nipples would pop out for full display. She was wearing the shorts with no panties and her labia was clearly visible. Still thinking she wouldn't go through with it I said "Let's go" and opened the door. She immediately walked out and headed to the car.
We drove around for a little bit looking for and trying to think of a place that we could go that would have people but not an entire bar full of people. It was after 10pm so we figured that anybody working at a fast food restaurant would be over 18. We pulled in to the local Taco Bell and parked. I said we could just go through the drive through if that would be easier. She opened the car door and started to get out. I followed and we walked towards the front door.
She boldly walked in the door and headed straight up the the front counter. There was only 2 men setting at a table in the corner and they didn't seem to mind that she was there. We stood at the front counter until somebody came around the corner to take our order. One thing we hadn't thought of, was a female employee coming to take our order. The lady came to the register and asked if she could take our order. Both a little taken aback, we looked at each other and kind of stumbled through our order. After paying the employee looked at us and asked quietly, "Would you like some of the guys in back to come take a look?" We both awkwardly said yes and she headed towards the back.
It didn't take long before three very happy Taco Bell employees came around the corner to take a look. At first it seemed strange with them just standing there, smiling and looking. She took a few steps back and asked if they wanted to see the back. Of course they all said yes. She turned around slowly and bent over slightly. They loved this and she could see by the look in their eyes. She asked if they would like her to pull the thin material to the side. They all said yes and she complied, completely exposing her sweet spot. After letting them enjoy the view of her sweet pussy, she turned back around and asked each of them their name. She asked each one of them what their favorite position was. After each answered, she then asked if the liked to eat pussy. After several questions, I could see that she was becoming more comfortable talking to them with her nipples exposed.
Our order was finally ready. The young lade was nice enough to make our food while her co-workers enjoyed a show. The guys all headed to the back as we thanked her for our order. She asked Danielle if she could see what the guys got to see. She pulled her top off to expose her beautiful tits with pierced nipples. She pulled her top down and then pulled her shorts down. The lady behind the counter said "I would fuck you" and wished us a good night.
We scheduled the next Bake Night for the following week. I asked James if he could pick me up at work. As we drove to the condo, we talked about what she might wear, if she might actually go through with it, or how far it might go. Again, we made sure to make more noise than necessary when walking in. She wasn't in the living room when we walked in. I heard her say that she would be out in a minute. We looked at each other, both thinking that it might actually happen. She looked so sexy when she walked out. Although she was wearing more than when we had gone to Taco Bell, she was wearing a French Maid outfit that was mostly sheer black material with white lace. I was a little disappointed to see that her sexy ass was completely covered. The material was sheer but covered both cheeks.
I could see that James was enjoying the view. We sat on the floor to play video games while she was finishing backing some chocolate chip cookies. When she came to set the cookies down she bent over, ass towards us and with her legs spread, we could see the outline of her pussy. I wanted to fuck her so bad. She told us to enjoy...the cookies. She spent the rest of the night, bending over so we could both see down her top or her backside. I didn't want to push the issue so I didn't say or ask for anything more. As James got ready to leave, she gave him a hug, pressing her tits into him. I think she held on, waiting for him to grab her ass but he did not conjure up the courage. He did smile and thanked us for a memorable evening.
After he walked out, she said that I should call him the following day and schedule the following weeks Bake Night but insisted I fuck her first.