Song woke to the crow of her Uncle's rooster and soft sunlight peeking through her bedroom shutters. She had almost grown used to waking with the sun, just a week after moving into her aunt and uncle's estate. This sabbatical from The Institute of Glorious Companionship was supposed to be her opportunity to live among the common folk of the province and learn from her elders but her experience was anything but common.
Back at the institute, attendants woke Song and her roommate long before the sun broke for morning exercises and meditation. In the first days at her relatives' home, she could feel a phantom hand poking at her side and was surprised that there wasn't a small silent woman with a shaved head holding a lantern over her bed. The beds here were stuffed with fresh feathers, not old straw. She had her own small room for her chamber pot and a servant even emptied it regularly. She was not living like the common folk like most of her classmates but she figured the institute had a reason to let her visit her wealthy extended family.
Sitting up in bed, Song let her soft blanket fall to her waist. She looked to the mirrored glass on the wall and inspected her pale tan-colored skin. She could see why she garnered so much attention at The Institute: her full perky breasts sat high on her chest. He stomach was thin and toned but not overly muscular. Her skin was pale enough to attract men with a penchant for women from the West but maintained enough yellowy tan pigment to fit in with the local noble women. Her big brown eyes were topped by long full lashes.
The blankets fell off to Song's side as she stood and felt the breeze pass through her open window. The puffy groomed patch of pubic hair that sat just over her bare vulva, manicured in a style popular with the lords of the Empire, was beginning to grow outward. Weeks had passed since the grooming staff at the institute applied her last waxing and she could feel small stubble forming on her dark vulva lips as she passed her fingers over its surface.
While training at the institute, Song regularly was encouraged and even instructed to explore her sexual preferences and to allow herself to experience orgasms from many different positions and partners. She felt guilty about masturbating in her aunt's guest room, though, with her brother and cousins in adjoining rooms. She had not allowed herself a release in the week since she arrived, and her privates ached for attention. She knew she could easily make an excuse for her delayed arrival at breakfast, though, so she allowed herself to gaze out the window over flowing pastures while her fingers slipped between her thin wet lower folds.
Birds dotted the landscape in front of the sun's growing rays and Song meditated while she took in a long look between the shutters. After several minutes enjoying the feeling of her own fingers against her clitoral bud, she could feel a thin stream of fluid dribbling down the inside of her thigh. She sighed and sat back into her soft bedding, leaning backward until her clenched stomach muscles encouraged the coming orgasm. She bit her lower lip as a wave of ecstasy rippled from her toes to the top of her head.
When the sensation passed from her skin, Song rose and used her fingers to wipe up the stream of fluids inside her thighs. She circled the bed and opened the sliding door that led to the small room with her chamber pot, made her morning water, and then crossed her bedroom to the western style armoire that held her clothes.
Mei-Ling, Song's mother's sister, insisted that Song could not wear the "rags" that the institute issued to its trainees so, instead, she had filled the armoire in the guest room with a variety of outfits she found suitable for her niece. Song picked out a tight fitting doudou, the apron-style undergarment that had been popular among high society women for many years now, and tied it behind her neck and bare back. It flattened her perky breasts slightly but she liked the tight feeling against her chest. She found a flower patterned red dress that fastened just above her clavicle and then brushed out her mid-back length hair. Inside the small chest of drawers next to the mirror hid the perfumes and makeup that Mei-Ling and she expertly applied both to brighten her appearance and her aroma.
"Are you feeling well?" Mei-Ling asked when Song joined her family for their traditional breakfast, a soup with noodles, eggs and shrimp.
"Oh, I'm fine. Just some... stomach issues. Fine now..." Song said apologetically to her aunt.
"I see," Mei-Ling responded in a suspicious tone.
Song's younger brother, Ren, chuckled as did Mei-Ling's daughter, Sook.
"What did I miss?" Sook's older and slower brother, Jin, asked looking up from his bowl.
"Nothing's funny. Go back to your breakfast," Mei-Ling sternly corrected the giggling young adults at the table. They quickly returned to staring down at their breakfast and eating in silence. As Song had learned in her short time in her relatives home, her aunt ruled her house with strict discipline.
Song took a moment to look over her relatives gathered at the table. As a young child, her mother died after giving birth to Ren. At the age of thirteen, Song's father was convicted for corruption and and her family lost its wealth and high standing in their village as a result. It was determined that her brother would go live with Mei-Ling and her family but Song desired to rebuild her family name. She convinced her aunt to let her join the institute, a prestigious school for a children. It allowed her to graduate into the Institute's academy at nineteen and continue her education while learning the ways of the world so she could one day serve as bodyguard and courtesan to the Empire's elite lords. Now twenty two years old, Song's sabbatical was one of the final steps toward finding a placement with a lord and leaving the Institute.
The long years away from her relatives meant that Song's brother and cousins were more acquaintances than family. She had only spent a little time here at her aunt and uncle's impressive home for a few days over the last several years. She took note of how her brother's thin nose ended in a little bulb like hers and the his underlying skin tones reminded her of her own. When she looked in the mirror, she felt like she was seeing an older, more feminized version of her pretty nineteen year old brother.
Jin was broad and burly like her uncle, Jeong. She could hear his weight fall into the wooden chair next to her as he sat. His thick arms reached forward and a muscular hand gripped the serving spoon and delivered nourishment from the large communal bowl into the table into his own wooden bowl. Song couldn't help but feel safe in the presence of her twenty year old "big" cousin.
Next to Ren, across the tale from Jin, sat Sook. She wore a silk purple dress with little white birds decorating it. Like her mother, Sook struggled to hide her buxom breasts, much as she tried to bind them. She sported a full head of silky black hair like the other women in her family and a rounded face like her brother and father. At eighteen, Sook had already filled out into her full womanly form and Song had already heard Mei-Ling chastise her daughter for wearing dresses that fit too snugly on her full hips and behind. Sook couldn't help it, of course, since she had inherited her form from her mother.
The group ate breakfast at their own pace and excused themselves as they finished. After eating, Song walked with her cousins and brother to the family's market stall in the wealthy section of the village. The storefront's sturdy frame was built from wood felled from the ancient trees in a nearby forest. Bamboo lined the walls and hooks displayed exotic animal pelts from all over the Empire and the lands beyond its borders. Heavily locked cases stored precious metals and stones.
It was the younger generation's duty to learn about their family's business so that they could take over when Song's uncle, Jeong Zhang, grew too old to manage it for himself. For now, they each worked at a task in the market stall. Song's pretty younger cousin, Sook, stood outside the stall to flirt with passing men and attempt to lure them into the large stall.
"Once inside, customers are greeted by your brother who convinces the men that they can build favor with their courtesan companions if they purchase an exotic pelt with which clothing can be made," Sook had explained on Song's first day working with the family. "But, If they purchase a pelt, they might make their wife jealous. That means they need to purchase an even more expensive gemstone for their wife."
"Jin might not pick up on social clues but he is a genius with math. You see, our payments can become complicated," Sook had continued. "Payment is not taken directly at this stall because we do not want vagrants or thieves hanging around looking for a free lunch... and we do not want to tempt a family member into corruption. Servants of our customers take payment directly to my father's office just outside his mine. Jin keeps track of payments that were made or missed by customers and then he uses his size to... encourage customers to keep up with payments." Sook's tone became stern with her final statement. "When a sizable payment is missed, Jin arranges for an enforcement squad to go recoup the expenses or to make an example of the customer."
Song did not realize her uncle's business included such a seedy underside to its operation. She must have shown some external concern, because Sook's expression suddenly changed. The masters and mistresses at the Institute always chastised her for giving too much away with her body language.
"Oh, don't worry, we almost never reach the point when the enforcers are necessary," Sook reassured Song.
Over the last several days, Song's role had been to assist Sook. She let Sook do the talking as Song's interest lied more in listening and observing passerbys. She tried to pick up on body language and ticks that gave away customers' secrets. There was one local merchant who frequented the shop, for example, but rarely made a purchase. It became obvious that he puffed up his chest when he began talking about his finances, a sign that he might also be puffing up his financial prowess.
The day in the stall seemed to pass normally for the group. Song bought lunch from the same noodle merchant she always visited and returned to her uncle's stall to ask Jin questions about how he was able to manipulate customers into purchasing more expensive goods than they may have intended. It was during their conversation that she she heard a ruckus at the front of the stall. Before she could figure out what was going on, Jin dashed by her on his way toward the noise with a club in his hand.
Instinct took over and Song followed her burly cousin. When she exited the stall, she saw a thin but athletically built young man with a hand on Sook's wrist. Jin struck the smaller man with his club and the assailant wailed and grabbed at his head but another young man appeared behind Jin and threw his arms around Song's cousin.
The new assailant managed to wrangle Jin's club out of his hand just before Jin spun to face him in open hand combat. A flurry of kicks and jabs pummeled Jin's chest and he fell into the tables in front of the stall. As the assailant closed in, Song sprung into action. She dashed forward and struck the young man with an open palm to his diaphragm. He stumbled backward and gasped for breath with a look of surprise on his face and Song planted her left foot between his eyes. Blood streamed from the man's nose as Song lowered herself into a mantis pose and readied for a counter-attack.
"It's not worth it, let's go," the first assailant yelled to his bloodied companion. The scurried away, knocking over a basket-carrying servant as they ran.
"Dirty dogs," Jin spat. "Those are Wang's men. They'll be back, and more of them. Thank you, Song, I never knew I could be saved by a woman with such a slight build."
"I will take that as a compliment, cousin," Song retorted. She turned and looked into the stunned expression on Ren and Sook's faces.
********
"We thank you for your assistance today, Song," her uncle said that night before dinner. "We will add another duck to tonight's feast in your honor."
"You should have seen her, all hands and feet. She looked like a crane and then a mantis," Sook bubbled at dinner as she recounted the events at the stall that day. "Maybe I'm not too old to attend The Glorious Institute and learn to move like that," she followed.
Mei-Ling cleared her throat. "I think you are doing just fine on your own, my daughter. the institute is for... more worldly women. Your place is here with your family." Mei-Ling froze for a moment, realizing she had just insulted the family guest. "We do appreciate Song's talents, though," she quickly added with a smile directed to Song.
After dinner, Song requested that one of the house servants bring buckets of warm water to the family's bathing room. Her uncle was wealthy enough to afford a private bathroom in his home with a drain that could be plugged and then opened to allow the water to run to a pit some distance from the home.
She felt sore and dirty from the day's events and she enjoyed the feeling of being alone and nude again after she removed her dress and undergarments. Song poured the first bucket of warm water into the bath and then sat in the waist deep water. She splashed handfuls of water over her breasts and stomach, took one of the soaps from the edge of the tub, and then scrubbed down her arms and across her chest. She felt the weight of her perky breasts in her hands and she washed below their flesh and then down her soft flat stomach. Her thighs and lower legs came next, and Song made sure to sit forward so she could scrub the soft skin between her muscular butt cheeks.
When Song stood in the tub, soapy bubbles traveled down her smooth skin and into the water at her feet. Suddenly, she felt as though she was being watched. Using her training, Song expanded her peripheral gaze and notice the door to the room was slightly ajar. In the slim opening between the door and its frame, she could just make out a young man's thin nose with a little bulb on the end.
In that moment, Song pitied her brother more than feeling ashamed that he was watching her bathe. His prospects must be poor in this village, with the reputation of a disgraced father following him wherever he travelled. She wondered if he had ever seen a woman in all her glory and she decided she would not expose him as a little pervert.
Song remained in profile to the door and ran her hands down her breasts, pressing into the flesh so it gathered in plump handfuls at the base. She looked down at her little dark nipples and then gave each one a tight squeeze with her fingers, perking them up.
She wanted to make sure Ren got the full show, so she turned toward the door but made sure to bend down to pick up the remaining bucket. A pair of gleaming yes in the doorway reflected the lantern light from the bathing room. They darted away for a moment but soon returned. Song's light brown breasts fell forward as she grabbed the bucket and then she stood up and dumped its lukewarm contents over her head.
Water streamed over her silky black hair and rinsed away the soap bubbles on her chest and around her waist. She knew her brother could see the bushy patch of pubic hair covering her mons pubis and she spread her legs slightly so he could get a glimpse of her dark brown vulva lips while she used her hands to rinse between her legs.
Finally, Song turned her back to the door and bent into the tub to pull the circular plug from its drain. She flexed her legs as she hovered with her hair hanging over her head. A very quiet, almost inaudible, click came from the door behind Song as her audience departed and she flipped her hair back behind her shoulders as she stood again.
While she dried off, Song laughed to herself about her brother's transgressions. She was sure she had given him enough material to keep him occupied during his long lonely nights in his room.
*******
The following evening, Song got her chance to return her brother's transgressions. As she glanced at Ren through the day she grew curious about this young man who looked like her masculine double. When she heard him request water for his own bath that evening, she decided that she should investigate further. The bathroom was just around the corner from her bedroom, so she waited at her door until she heard the familiar click of the bathroom door closing.
Silently, Song crept through the dark hallway. She could see the glow of the dim lantern beneath the crack below the bathroom door and she crouched at the door's base. Her hand crept up to the door handle and she carefully pressed it open just a crack. Inside the room, her brother was stepping into the tub. From this angle, his butt looked lean and muscular like her own behind. She hand taken stock of her physique in mirrors many times and had every inch memorized.
Ren turned to sit down in the water and an impressively thick penis hung from his legs as he squatted. His foreskin was slightly darker than the rest of his shaft and it stretched down to form a sleeve around the head of his penis. Her brother's cock sat neatly on a set of tight balls covered in a layer of dark pubic hair.
Instead of washing right away, Ren put a hand to his shaft when he settled into the water. He slowly started stroking his foreskin up and over his penis head and then pulled it down to unsheath the mushroom shaped head underneath. He was no doubt recalling the show Song had given him the night before, she thought.
Beneath the flickering lantern light, Ren lost himself in his fantasy. His strokes quickened and the water in the tub splashed around him. Song took the opportunity to lean farther into the doorframe. Then, inspiration struck her.
She had learned so much at the institute. She had so much knowledge to share, she thought. Why shouldn't she help her poor younger brother? He was coming of age and he would need to learn how to respect a woman's body. She pushed through the doorway and closed it behind her.
Ren nearly jumped from the tub when her heard the door shut.
"What are you doing in here?" He cried out in a whisper.
Song simply raised a finger to her lips. She shook her head to indicate to him not to make any more noise. She reached down to the rope that belted her robe to her body, untied it and pulled the front of her garment open.
Ren stared down at his sister's half naked body. His eyes traced a line down her breasts and down to the hair between her legs. She pulled the robe the rest of the way off her body and then hung it on a hook on the wall. With one hand, she motioned for Ren to sit and he understood her motion, lowering his body back into the tub and crossing his arms around his legs.
Song crept across the small wooden planks on the floor until she reached the tub and sat on its edge.
"Brother... I know you were the one spying on me last night," she chastised him in a whisper.
Ren could only bow his head in shame. His penis was now small and soft and floating in the water.
"I think I understand, though. Tell me, where did you learn such behavior?"
Ren was silent for a moment but then confessed, "From cousin Jin."
"And whom were you spying on, if I might ask?"
"Cousin Sook. I'm sorry, she is just so beautiful and... and..."
"...and you had never seen a woman naked before?" Song finished his statement for him.
"Well, not exactly. Not never..." he said in a whine.
"And whom did you see before Sook?" Song's interest was peaked.
"Aunt Mei-Ling. I'm so ashamed."
"It's alright, brother. I'm sure you are lonely and confused. Your body is still growing and I am sure our family position presents many... challenges to you. Here, let me gaze upon your body so that you can feel less ashamed. I promise no one will ever know our secret. Please, don't be shy."
After several moments passed, Ren propped his head up and looked into Song's eyes. He must have read her sincere expression because he allowed his body to open up. He dropped his hands and then slid his legs into a straight forward position beneath the shallow water.
"See, isn't this better? Easier? Now, take your time to examine your sister's body. Isn't it better now that you don't have to hide behind a door?" Song asked with a reassuring tone.
"I... I guess." Ren's eyes dropped from Song's eyes and she rotated so his gaze could again trace the curves of her breasts.
"Do you want to feel them? Please go ahead."
Ren nervously raised his hand and his fingers gripped the fleshy base of Song's right breast. It squished under the strength of his grip.
"Oh, no, gently. Like this." She demonstrated for her brother, cupping the underside of her left breast with her hand and softly massaged her fingers into her flesh and around her nipples. Ren copied her motions on her right breast and her nipples hardened in response to his touch.
"That's nice. See how my nipples respond. Now, slowly run your hand down my stomach, like this and then rub my thighs gently."
Ren granted Song's request, his hand shaking as it explored the curves of her soft stomach and then down to her thin thighs. She spread her legs as he continued to watch his hand explore her flesh. His penis was beginning to engorge in the water and his foreskin was poking through its surface.
"You're so... down there... it's..." Ren stammered as he took in the sight of Song's nearly bare vulva.
"That's right. Most women my age have dark bushy pubic hair covering their vagina, but the servants at the institute wax the hair away from our vulvas so men can better appreciate their prize. Have you ever seen a vagina up close?"
"No, of course not," Ren said as he continued to stare at the prickly lips between his sister's legs.
"Then there's no time like the present."
While Ren maintained a loose grip under Song's thigh, she moved her left leg so it straddled the tub and spread her legs farther for her brother's viewing. She slipped her narrow fingers down between her legs.
"This area is the vulva. Some women's are thick and other's are thinner. Do you like looking at mine?" Song asked as she began to rub her fingers across her outer lips.
"Very much. It's so beautiful"
"Thank you. And these are my outer labia... " Song's fingers parted her lower lips and she let her brother stare at the thin pink layers of skin between them, "...and here are the inner labia. Some women can give themselves an orgams just by stimulating these. But the real fun is this little bulb up inside."
Ren's eyes nearly bugged out of his head as Song pulled upward at the skin on her mons pubis with one hand and spread her lips farther apart with the other. She pointed to the little pink nub high up between her slit and massaged it with a finger so her brother could watch it engorge.
"It gets full when a woman is turned on, kind of like your penis."
The look of embarrassment returned to Ren's face for a moment as he quickly sat up and dropped his grip from her thigh.
"I told you, there's nothing to be embarrassed of. We were made from the same flesh, you see? If you will rub mine, I will rub yours," she offered and she moved her left hand to the water where it found a loose grip around Ren's stiff wet erection.
As Ren explored Song's folds and her clitoris, she slowly stroked his shaft, pulling his foreskin up and over his penis tip before pulling it back down in slow methodical strokes.
"That feels nice. Do you know what really feels nice? When a man puts his tongue inside my vagina and licks me until I can release into an orgasm. Can you help me with that, brother?"
Ren dutifully leaned forward and stretched his tongue into her folds while she used one hand to continue to pull the thick skin above them upward. Song admitted to herself that this wasn't an ideal position but she tried to make the most of the imperfect circumstances.
"What really feels nice is if you alternate between little circles on my clit - that little bulb I showed you - and little flicks of your tongue across it."
For several minutes the only sound in the room was the lapping of Ren's tongue between his sister's legs and the small splashes Song's hand made as it massaged his thick pole. She made sure to go slow so he couldn't finish before he could bring her to orgasm but she could feel precum dribbling down his shaft all the same.
"Oh, Ren, that is so good. You're being such a kind lover," Song whispered as she clenched her jaw and released Ren's erection so she could grasp her left breast with her free hand. His rough tongue was pattering away across her clit and she was beginning to lose control of herself thanks to its motions.
"Please keep going, Ren, you're going to make me... ahh... Ahhh!" Song clasped her hand over her mouth so she would not scream as her brother's tongue sent a thrill up her torso. She finally had to press his face away from her folds after her orgasm slowed so he would not overstimulate her genitals.
"Thank you, Ren, that was so generous," she complimented him as he wiped her fluids away from his full lips and pointed chin. "Now, let me take care of you."
Song left her legs spread as much as she could to let her brother gaze on her dripping vagina while she grasped his cock again. It was harder than it had been just a few minutes earlier and she could feel it pulse in her grip. This time, she didn't hold back, jerking his shaft rapidly with a tighter grip.
"Doesn't that feel good brother? You need to relax so you can release your seed for me."
"Oh, sister. That feels like nothing I have ever experienced! Please make me cum," he begged in an excited whisper.
Song watched the little eye on the tip of Ren's cock open and a stream of thick white semen ejected from the opening and into the water. His shaft spasmed in her hand and then the tip erupted like a volcano, letting its creamy white magma flow down his thick shaft and underneath her grip.
When he finished ejaculating, a puddle of semen coagulated in the water in the tub. Song leaned into the tub and sucked his foreskin clean before splashing water between her legs to clean herself.
"Remember this has to remain our secret," Song reminded him, wiping her fingers across her lips to check for her brother's cream. "We don't want to bring any further shame to our family. And maybe we can try this another time if you desire."
Ren's eyes were wide with wonder at the inference of a later rendezvous and he stared at his sister's flesh one last time as she stood and then retrieved her robe and tied it tightly around her body once more.
Song was careful to peek into the hallway before she exited the bath, making sure the prying eyes of a servant or the passing glance of a family member would not observe her. As she disrobed and then crawled under her bed covers for the night, she smiled to herself, feeling happy that she was able to educate her brother on material that was far advanced for his years.