If you have not read "Missed Mortgage Payments" I suggest you do. This story is a continuation of my wife Gail's reluctant use of her body.
The months after our go around with the mortgage guy Ed, things settled down at our household and returned to normal. It was almost a year later and we were caught up on all of our monthly responsibilities, when the recession hit and I was laid off from my job. I immediately started job hunting but found that everyone was looking for a job, and as hard as I looked I found nothing.
Gail was still taking Belly Dance lessons and had advanced to a semi pro status. She had performed at a bachelorette party attended by an all female audience and was given a meager allowance. She was thrilled to get paid for doing something she loved, even though it wasn't much. At the time Gail was 27, very pretty, shoulder length dark blonde hair with light blonde streaks, 5' 1" and 120# with 36-D breasts and voluptuous ass, the perfect body for this type of dance.
After an evening dance class Gail was approached by a woman named Kathy. She was singled out by the instructor because she was the most advanced student in the class. Kathy explained to her that she was a talent agent and books dancers and other acts to perform at various parties and other functions and asked if she would be interested in signing with her. After Gail replied yes she was interested, Kathy took our phone number and promised to be in touch.
As we struggled to make ends meet with no job and very little unemployment insurance coming in. Gail even called Kathy, the agent and asked about dance prospects. Kathy said she seldom got requests for Belly Dancers, but she always had customers looking for dancers that included stripping as part of their show, and asked if she would be interested in doing that. Gail answered that she would have to discuss that with me.
We discussed Kathy's offer and made a list of questions.. Would the dancing be topless or fully nude? How many men would be at the party? What would the age group be? How long would the performance be? How much would it pay?
Gail called Kathy the next day and asked for details on the bachelor party gig. Her answer was they were all different. The average bachelor party probably had ten guests. Average length would be 60 minutes. She would have to at least be topless, but she would get bigger tips if she were nude. The pay for an hour was $100 (note that was 1978 money or roughly $400 today) for a nude performance. Gail told her we would discuss it.
That night in bed we talked it over. Gail practically begged me to let her strip so she could help pay the bills. I think she wanted to do it because she would be the center of attention, which she was starting to like, and also showing off her body.
She reminded me that it was a real turn on for both of us when she stripped for the mortgage guy, and this would be more of a turn on because of the larger audience. I couldn't argue her point and gave in and told her that she could do it. We really needed the money.
The next day Gail called Kathy and within a few days she had a bachelor party booked, and I would accompany her and play the music. I would also keep an eye on things.
We decided she would start off with her full Belly Dance costume and strip down to a G-string and leave it on until her performance was almost over. I arranged the music and Gail began to practice her dance and strip routine. She looked like a professional within a few days.
The day finally arrived and we packed everything into the car and headed out. We didn't know exactly what to expect when we got there but we did know we were headed to an upscale hotel and there would be a suite with an adjoining bedroom with bath, for her to change clothes and do her makeup.
We found the suite and entered to a round of applause and whistles, which surprised me because Gail was wearing street clothes and had no makeup on. By the time we got there the party was in full swing and the liquor was flowing. After talking to the best man we went straight to the changing room and Gail looked a little overwhelmed.
I told her she would be in complete control and if anyone got too far out of line I would step in. She smiled and started to put on her costume. I went back to the main room, set up the sound system, and adjusted the lighting. The best man handed me an envelope with payment for the performance.
When I returned to the bedroom Gail was finishing her makeup and was almost ready to start. She looked stunning and I told her so. Her costume for the evening consisted of a white skimpy low cut bra that barely contained her big firm breasts, a matching white G-string that barely covered her shaved pussy, and a long flowing white ribbon skirt.
At her waist she wore a heavy gold belt that was was decorated with sequins and bells. The white costume really set off her golden tan, and as usual she would dance in her bare feet. She looked like she belonged in a sheiks harem. When she was ready I kissed her, told her I loved her and to break a leg. I then went back to the main room to start the music.
I let the best man know she was about to begin. As he announced it to the guys a hush fell over the room. I started the music, a traditional Belly Dance number and seconds later Gail danced into the room, with all eyes upon her, they whistled and cheered her on. She looked confident as she smiled and swayed to the music. Her breasts were straining against the flimsy bra as she danced and the men could see her cleavage almost to her nipples.
Half way through the first song she slowly removed the heavy gold belt and tossed it to me. Without the belt holding the ribbon skirt, she was now exposing most of her ass, as the skirt didn't do much to cover it when her hips swayed. As the first song came to an end she danced to the corner where I sat at a small table, and took a seat next to me to catch her breath and have something to drink. We chatted for a minute while she caught her breath and I told her she was doing great and they loved her and I started the next song.
This was also a traditional Belly Dance number and Gail really shook her hips and boobs bringing cheers from the crowd. Near the middle of the dance she removed the ribbon skirt and danced and waved it around to the men before tossing it to me. Now only her bra covered her breasts, and the thin strip of cloth covered her shaved pussy, her ass was completely exposed.
As she danced close to them, one of the guys slipped a bill into the side of her G-string and fondled her ass in the process. Soon the other men were all doing the same thing and one even ran his fingers over her pussy. When the dance ended she walked back to my table smiling as she removed bills from her G-string and sat down.
As she again caught her breath and had something to drink. I asked about the men groping her ass and she smiled and pointed at the stack of bills. I asked if she was ready to take her bra off and let them see her boobs and she replied I'm ready.
The song I had chosen for the third dance was more sexual than the first two. As the music started Gail danced to the middle of the room being much more provocative with her moves and dancing close to each guy to let them tuck money into her G-string and feel her ass. Part way through this third number she went to the corner of the room, facing only me, she reached behind her back, unsnapped her bra, and tossed it to me.
Gail turned to face the men with her breasts now bare, gave them her best smile and started dancing close to them. They all cheered and whistled as she danced and each man in turn again tucked money into her G-string and caressed her ass and her tits. Gail gave each guy a turn to feel her as she made her way slowly dancing around the room.
I think the more she was groped the more she smiled. When the dance ended she walked toward me smiling, her boobs were red, nipples taut and hard with hand prints on her ass. She again emptied the cash from her G-string before sitting down.
I asked if she was ok with all the groping and she said it was turning her on. She also said that all of the guys were being gentle and not hurting her. Before the next number started she said she was ready to take off the G-string.
I started the music and she made another round giving everyone another chance to feel her ass and tits and another chance to add money to her G-string. She again danced to the corner where I was sitting and removed the money. Then facing me she hooked her thumbs into the sides of the G-string and slowly lowered it to her knees, then bent all the way over at the waist and pushed it to her feet. The guys all got an excellent view of her ass and pussy as she took her time stepping out of the garment.
Gail then spun around facing the men and really started a provocative dance. With all the guys sitting down, her shaved pussy was at eye level as she danced close to each man and with her legs spread she would smile and thrust her pelvis in their faces. All the while they were fondling her ass and breasts and handing her money. When the dance came to an end she walked to the corner and sat down with me.
As she was catching her breath the best man approached her and asked if she would do a special dance with the groom. He wanted her to sit on his lap and really tease him to finish the show. His offer was an extra $50 and Gail agreed to do it.
Before the last number started, they placed a kitchen type chair in the middle of the room and had the groom sit there. Gail danced around him and stopped facing him, with a big smile on her face, she straddled his legs and sat on his lap. She placed his hands on her ass as she pressed her boobs into his face. His hands pulled her close and soon he was kissing her tits and sucking her nipples while groping her ass. Gail was grinding her bare pussy into his hard cock through his pants and the other guys were cheering him on. As the last song came to an end Gail stood, bent over and gave him a long open mouth kiss, before walking back to me.
As we sat for a few minutes, with Gail still completely nude, her nipples hard and protruding, all the guys came to the table and complimented her on the performance and how beautiful she was. She smiled and thanked them for the kind words and handed them business cards.
We gathered her costume and she retreated to the bedroom to change back into her street clothes as I put away the sound system. When Gail returned she wore the short skirt and Tee-shirt she had worn when we first arrived but now without the bra. She gave each guy a hug and a kiss before we left.
Once in the car Gail was like a kid in a candy store, she was beaming. She asked if I had enjoyed the show, and all the men who had pawed her breasts and ass. I had to answer that it was a real turn on watching and that I had had an erection the whole time. She said she had never been so turned on and hot for such an extended period of time and she couldn't wait to get home and get me in bed. I felt the same way.
The kids had spent the night at her mothers house so when we got home we were alone. We laid on the bed naked and talked and counted her tips, and with the extra $50 for the groom's dance, the total was almost $270. That would be over a thousand bucks today.
Gail told me she loved all the attention the guys had given her, and before she even started taking off her costume she was turned on. She said as soon as the belt and ribbon skirt were off she knew they could see her ass and she was wet before anyone even touched her. When her bra came off and they began feeling her tits and ass, her pussy was gushing. She stated that after she removed the G-string she wondered what the reaction would be.
As we were fucking Gail repeated to me all the things they did to her and that she knew I loved watching her. She said she could never do what she did without me watching and the more they did to her the more she loved it. She also said she knew I liked her telling me all the details of what the guys did to her. I asked her if she would do it again and she didn't hesitate to answer yes, and she would do more if I wanted her to.
I asked Gail if the best man had asked her to, would she have fucked the groom right there in front of me and all the other guys. She answered yes if we had discussed it beforehand, but she wouldn't do anything like that without my approval. We fucked half the night until we were just too exhausted to go on, then fell asleep in each other's arms.
The next morning Gail and I went at it again, I just couldn't get enough of my gorgeous stripper wife. We talked about how at a future bachelor party she would fuck the groom, but that's another story for another time.