My wife and I still enjoy a good sex life all be it less frequently than when we first got together.
I have always been the more adventurous one and have always been the instigator of dares, photos, sex tapes and anything adventurous.
These days we are more consistently in the bedroom once or twice a week.
I remain horny on all my off nights and recently discovered first text chat and then random video chat. The sites I use involve looking at random strangers webcams until you choose one you like and then letting things take there course.
Most of the people online, myself included, are guys jerking off, hoping to find the one woman on the site that evening. Eventually we usually give up and end up jerking off together and showing off our cocks.
I am straight and have never done anything with a guy but having a jerk buddy turns out to be fun and addictive.
Occasionally however luck is on my side.
Usually I go online after my wife goes to bed. I have to stay quiet and even though I love having the sound on, it is only when she is not home that i turn the sound and mic on.
One Wednesday I had a day off work with plans to play golf. It was shit weather so I cancelled but had the day off anyway.
By midday I was on line and the mic was on
I started scrolling through the cams and as usual most were guys jerking. I chatted to some, showed my cock to others and was becoming increasingly horny.
I clicked to the next video and a bright white kitchen appeared on screen with a marble island bench in the middle.
Standing quite far in the distance, was a tall leggy woman getting things out the fridge.
I couldn't see her face and she soon disappeared out of shot. She reappeared the having walked behind the camera and sat down at the stool by the island bench.
"Hi." she said
OMG a woman I thought, and a stunning one. She looked a bit like Kiera Knightly but sexier.
"Hi," I replied "How are you?"
We chatted for a while and I learned that she was Tess from Shepherds Bush and she was married to a guy in film. I wasn't sure if he was an actor or production, but given that she was sitting chatting to me I didn't really care.
I am sure she wasn't called Tess either.
I introduced myself as Paul, to which she laughed.
"Even though that is I presume a fake name, it's my Dad's name. Can you chose something else!"
We settled on Nick.
I asked "Tess" what she was doing on this website and she said her partner was away filming and she was bored.
She asked me the same question and I decided the best hope of advancing the conversation was honesty.
"I was just horny and having a wank!" I stated.
Tess pissed herself laughing.
"Well don't let me stop you." she said encouragingly.
"I wont," Icountered, "but would love you to join me too".
We both laughed. By this stage we had found out we were both married and neither of us would ever cheat. We lived on opposite sides of the world and we were both exhibitonists.
We agreed that video masturbation was hardly cheating.
Tess told me if I got my cock out she would strip.
I don't think she even finished the sentence.
Tess had an amazing body and within minutes was naked and sitting on her marble island bench.
I tried to zoom in a bit and disaster struck.
The next persons random video appeared. I had cut Tess off.
I was gutted and as fast as I searched for her again I couldn't find her.
I checked every night for a week before the following Wednesday and one week anniversary of meeting Tess came around.
I took the day off work and got on the cam.
After some searching I found the kitchen. I had found her.
"Why did you cut me off?" Tess asked.
I explained that it had been a genuine accident, clearly one of the worst mistakes ever and that I had been desperately trying to find her ever since.
That seemed to do it. We resumed chatting.
Tess then announced that her husband had recently come back from filming in Mexico.
She had bought her a surprise present as a bit of a joke but she thought I would laugh. She disappeared for a minute and went to get the present.
Tess returned to the kitchen with the biggest black dildo I had ever seen. And I mean big.
I expressed shock and asked if he had meant it as a joke or actually had intended her to use it.
Not sure was her reply.
The sight of the dildo and the tone of the conversation had led to a bulge in my shorts that clearly Tess noticed.
She invited me to restart last weeks antics.
I stripped off and watched in awe as she did too.
"Don't cut me off!" she said.
"I won't fucking touch a thing" I emphasized.
Tess and I both started masturbating, talking about what we liked and what turned us on. We carried on explaining that even though we would never cheat it would be very hot to masturbate in front of each other.
I promised if ever in London I would look her up, come round and jerk off for her.
We talked about what the boundaries were. We agreed we could watch and touch but definitely no sex. The boundaries seem to get looser as the conversation and the masturbating intensified. We both agreed that rimming and fingering weren't cheating and we would like to do both to each other if we ever met. Tess was a dirty girl.
Tess got out a small vibrator and told me she better start with that. She held it up next to the dildo and it was about a 10th of the size.
Tess started playing with her pussy and then got upon the kitchen island on all fours and showed me the perfect view from behind.
"Do you ever play with it in your arse?" I enquired hopefully.
With that Tess took the small vibrator out of her pussy and put the buzzing tip right on the edge of her hole. "Love it!" she enthusiastically replied.
Tess and I masturbated for over half an hour and just when I was getting ready to cum she held up the black dildo.
"No way," I said, "you don't have to."
"I want to." Tess replied and lay back spreading her legs and pussy lips as far as she could.
Tess fucked herself for several minutes getting deeper and deeper with the dildo each time. I almost came several time but just held back hoping for one finale.
Tess got back on all fours and slowly and almost unbelievably, started to fuck her arsehole with the tip of the dildo.
"I have no idea how that is fitting in." I said in disbelief.
Tess didn't care and soon started rubbing her clit as she fucked her own arse with a large black dildo.
Tess didn't last long and soon sprayed all over the kitchen island, the floor and her web cam. I came shortly after, more than I ever remember. Fucking hottest thing I have ever seen and a memory I wank to regularly.
I have never seen Tess again, nor cum so hard.