Author's Notes: This story is erotic fantasy written by Etaski. I reserve the right to be listed as the author of this story, wherever it is posted. If found posted anywhere except Literotica.com with this note attached, this story is posted without my permission. © Etaski 2018
This is myGeek Pride Dayentry for Literotica! Written with nostalgic appreciation for an obscure, 1993 RPG called "SLA Industries," created by Dave Allsop. Search for theGeek Pridetag for more!
On The Dotted Line
One: Indecent Proposal
James McManus idled in the Sinkhole, a purely drunken sod taking some R&R. The floor was filled with his brethren, Clan tartans curving as wide banners around a central platform, a Frother-only venue for either the band of the week or grudge matches between Clans. The colorful fabric divided up the hard metal space of an otherwise dark and hazy circle that made up the entirety of the fourth level inside The Pit.
The Frothers of SLA earned their name from post-battle interviews. Outside, the public saw mouths stained by froth, sometimes tinged pink; pupils dilated; hands, dreads, and bodies shaking from adrenalin. Here in the Sinkhole, it was usually more drool and half-lidded gazes than froth. Unless a fight broke out, either on the stage or off it.
Moira had just finished his can of Slosh for him, her mouth tasting of apple and alcohol as her hand crept up his thigh, easing under his kilt. No fights, a decent band playing with slightly less screaming than last night. A sensation of floating, hopeful for a blowjob before he had to stand up.
All was set for another glorious night when the Wraith Raider stepped into the Sinkhole from the main lift just off to James' right. The tall, lavender alien drew enough gazes that he heard necks pop nearby. The she-Wraith looked around, sensitive nose wrinkling at the smoke, feline muzzle showing hints of fang. No Clansman escorted her. Moira's hand paused in its quest, her slender fingers not quite wrapped around his half-hard dick. The Frotheress tensed, suspicious, her hair already up in straight, neon yellow spikes. Meanwhile, James' hazel eyes wandered curiously.
The alien's clothing was practical and minimal, nothing flashy here, but common for the Wraiths when they were in the cold temps of the Winter Bar. She wore a half-length, red tank top. Snug, black, exercise shorts. A pair of running shoes, no socks. The fuzzy's midriff was exposed—six-pack and all—and she had tits in the familiar placement, although they were the size and lift one would expect on an athlete. Wraith Raiders were always that, compared to most humans. James had never been close enough to one outside their coolant suit to tell how much was fur and how much was skin. He heard that the texture was somewhere in between, like velvet.
Jonas McGiver was nearest the lift door. He turned in his seat and leered at her with a chuckle. "Are ye lost, pussy?"
The she-Wraith glanced at him, decided not to answer, and walked farther into the Sinkhole.
"Eh eh!" another McGiver jumped in front and blocked her. James didn't recognize him. "Tha's far enough, then, kitty. Tell us, are ye lookin' fer someone?"
"Yes," she replied, straightening up to prove she was taller than the Frother by at least a hand. Not that this intimidated any Clansman when he was sauced, but she was sober and flexed her claws, a clear sign what would happen if the McGiver pushed a brawl so soon.
Hah, great. Incoming.
McGiver's jaw jutted out. "Hope he's expectin' ye an' yer nah here tah claim a BPN on 'im."
"Neither," she said plainly, her red cat's eyes breaking the drunk man's gaze to scan the crowd again.
"Well, then, maybe ye should leave. Go back to the freezer up the lift."
"No."
"What, is she stupid?" Moira whispered to him.
James didn't know. He shrugged. The carnivore and the drughead faced off, neither making the first move as others watched. One might through a bottle just to get things started.
The she-Wraith had long, dark purple hair to the middle of her back; it swept back from her forehead like a mane, the black spots at her temples clear to see. All Wraith Raiders had those spots; it was one way you could tell them apart if you knew enough of them, kind of like a Frother's tartan combined with the color and design of his dreads. Or tattoos. James didn't know enough Wraiths to recognize her spots, but he watched the serious face, listened to the brusque voice, and thought that both seemed a little familiar.
Almost at the same time, those predator's eyes settled on him and stopped; his skin prickled a bit as Moira removed her hand. Several others noticed; no one threw anything as the band filled any possible awkward silence. The she-Wraith indicated with one, long-fingered hand her intended direction and pushed past the McGiver, who watched her with a scowl and followed the kitty as she took a seat across the table from James and Moira without asking.
The McGiver was accusing. "Ye invited this Wraith here, McManus?"
"Err." James stared at her.
She stared back. He finally remembered her.
"Fucking right!" he blurted with a grin. "Shiv! Man, I di'n' recognize you wit'out your armor!"
The temporary interest in the Sinkhole disappeared as the onlookers, including Jonas, went back to partying. Guest claimed, and all that. Only the one McGiver still hovered.
"Shiv?" he groused. "Really? What, she just get out of lock-up?"
James shook his head. "Nah, it's her short name. Can't pronounce the full one."
Moira was not happy with the intrusion. Shiv looked at the woman, holding her eyes for several seconds with an unspoken but obvious request for the female Frother to leave. His date didn't want to, understandably.
"James?" his companion said, the tone loaded with warning.
"Erm," he began at a loss, given how much he'd already drunk. He never made the big decisions anyway; that was the Squad Leader's job. "Didja come for a reason, Shiv?"
The Wraith nodded an affirmative. She remained silent.
"An' it can't wait?"
Shiv smiled a little, exposing her sharp teeth. Her voice was low with a distinct accent, but she enunciated well. "You will want to hear me out, McManus."
"Bizness?"
"Yes."
"Cred bennies?"
The Wraith nodded. "Credit benefits for both of us."
James sighed, curiosity and need out-weighing his interest in Moira. He wondered if Shiv knew that; she wasn't being subtle but rapping his dense forehead with opportunity. The Frother looked at his casual friend, his eyes drifting to her blonde mohawk before going back to her deep brown eyes. "Cannae call ye later, sweetheart?"
Moira scowled. "Don't bother. Talk with the cat if you want. I'm leaving."
James stifled another sigh as Moira intentionally jostled him and the table to crawl out of the booth away from the Wraith, just missed putting her knee on his 'nads through the kilt. He glanced mournfully at her flaring hips and that bubble ass in its short, swishing skirt as she left, stomping in combat boots, then looked at Shiv watching him. She hadn't taken her eyes off him, and he had no idea was she was thinking about.
This had better be worth it,he thought.
"So, Shiv...would y'mind telling me why you scared off my date? I mean, wasn't expectin' to see ye again. Jus' the one Red Op together, right? When you freelanced tah bail me an' Cage out of that fiasco, what..." He thought about it. "Three months ago?"
"Four," she said. "And yes, McManus, you are correct."
"So, what's up?"
Since it wouldn't be anything under his kilt tonight.
Shiv tapped a few claws on the table, thinking what to say first. "Do you remember any sponsors on my armor, McManus?"
She was probably appraising his sobriety. James nodded. "Uh, yeah. A few. You had some biggies."
"What do you recall?"
One came instantly to mind; he'd tried hard to hide his grin of amusement at the time. He answered with something safer.
"R'member the Winter Bar logo painted on your chest."
This elicited no response whatsoever.
"Uh...there was also Illogic Designs, I think..."
Shiv looked both bored and impatient, which was kind of funny. "And?"
James finally grinned. So what if he got smacked? "The Alien Sex Channel painted on your crotch."
Surprisingly, the humorless kitty looked somewhat pleased. "Good. This would be why I am here."
He stared. "Yer shitting me."
"I am not. I do not shit like that."
James chuffed in surprise and put a bottle to his lips to stifle the sound, his leg bouncing to expel the rush of humor somewhere. Shiv didn't react but glanced around for listeners, and so did he, the glass rim still glued to his lips. There were curious peekers but no listeners over the live band thrashing their instruments center-circle. The lead, slurring singer bellowed the newest battle ballad into the mic, gripping the dinged and scraped stand so he wouldn't topple over into the hopping mass of raised bottles in front of him. Shiv leaned forward kept her voice low, and James had to lean in, too, straining to hear her.
"I am in contract for a...scene," she said. "I do not wish to do it, but I have no choice. I require a partner. The contract stipulates male, and he cannot be Wraith Raider. Preferably human or Ebon. I do not trust Ebons, so I would take human."
James stared, his inebriated inner voice turning her bluntness over like a ruined omelet. "Uh. Wait. You mean a sex scene for the ASC? Like, porn?"
"That is accurate, James."
"And you need a partner." He tried not to swallow in front of her. "Me?"
Shiv clicked her claws again on the metal table and narrowed her eyes. Her tolerance of his slowness was only just. "Yes, McManus. You."
He fumbled a response. "Nah really human. I'm a Frother."
She shook her head. "Like the Brain Wasters are no longer Ebons. You are close enough to breed offspring. It counts."
"Why me? I don'ebben know ye. I've seen y'bleed an' come out of a shitstorm with a Manchine. Tha's it."
Granted, that was sometimes all he knew about some of his Clanmates, too, but none of them were asking to put his dick on camera.
The she-Wraith sighed, as if explaining his question should be unnecessary. "McManus, if I do not suggest a choice to my sponsor, they will choose one for me. I would prefer an Operative I know over a less acceptable actor."
"But you've gotta know a lot of other Ops better than me."
"You assume I wish to know my partnerwell."
James blinked. "'K, point."
Abruptly he realized all his flings were with Clan girls in the dormitories. This was a business transaction. Sex for money.Recordedsex.
I've never done it. Can I even get it up? Am I big enough not to be laughable on screen? They say TeeVee adds ten pounds but shrinks cleavage and codpieces...
James shook his head, tried to collect himself. "Okay, what's in it for me?"
"Pay and increased recognition by the masses," she replied, as if he should have known. She didn't sound like a salesman. "These are why you are an Operative in the first place, yes?"
"Well..." James smiled lopsidedly. "An' access t'the best drugs an' weapons."
She shrugged. "But you lack the first two more."
His smile faded. "Maybe."
"Three years, still alive," she added. "This is impressive for your kind. But still poor, no fame. You have reason to want more."
"Been lookin' in tah me?" he asked, raising a black eyebrow and trying not to sound resentful. He already knew that's what suits did.
"You are not suicidal yet," she said. "You still wish to aid your human family in Downtown."
"Shh!" James glanced around, making sure no one heard that. He lowered his voice even more and she tilted her head to aim one, knife-shaped ear to catch it. "Someone feed you that?"
Shiv wasn't apologetic in the least. "My financier might have suggested you on this account."
Of course. And by Slayer, had they nailed it.
Help Ma and Seana get out of Downtown.
That had been the plan when he joined SLA Industries. He'd been there; he had gotten out, said he'd come back for them. So far, the drugs and action had distracted him from that. Three years and still alive but, at some point, it would be too late. He'd have let them both down, let them die in that Hellhole.
Fuck me... Heh. Exactly what she's asking.
James squared his gaze with Shiv, trying to focus. "Okay, fuzzy. How much?"
"The Channel pays my partner two hundred credits."
He snorted and instantly regretted even biting. "That's fuckin' nothin' fer screwing an alien on camera. I 'ave friends who might see that, y'know."
Shiv nodded as if she expected that response. "I shall also give you my entire pay for this scene, on the condition that it is such that there will be no more."
James frowned. "What do you mean? Don't unnerstand, no more?"
For once, Shiv showed him some emotion. It was anger. "I have been trapped into five scenes, McManus. Fine print in these 'contracts' that I do not understand. I have tried since coming from Polo to understand this...corporate mentality, but I cannot. I hate being used so blatantly. If you agree to do the scene, you also agree to help me understand the fine print, that I might avoid this 'breach of contract' they have used these many times to force me to do another scene. The Channel is a sponsor I will release; I do not want to be sponsored by them any longer. But I cannot release if they continually redraft my contract. I will gladly give you all my pay to be free of this."
James tilted his head, one electric-blue dreadlock slipping over his eye. "And how much is that?"
"Ten thousand."
The Frother nearly choked on his own saliva. It would take a whole squad doing a Black BPN way above his security clearance level to earn that!
"How in CS1 did you get a sum inna porn contract?"
She frowned. "This has nothing to do with the cannibal sectors, McManus."
He wiped his sweaty face with a grimy hand. "I mean why they payin' ye so much? They want Wraith sex that bad? The kitties ain't so hard as getting' a Shaktar in bed, I hear."
Shiv's upper lip curled to show a fang, and there might have been a soft hiss. "You do not watch the Channel, I see. That is in your favor. I have become very popular among a certain 'fetish' sect, though I never wished it. My financer knows I comply only because I do not want my Operative status revoked or modified as a Contract Killer. He could not help me with breach of contract as that was my own failing, but he could negotiate higher sums for each scene. This is the highest yet, because the negotiation of the species and the conditions are more...specialized."
James narrowed his eyes. An alarm bell under water sounded in his skull. "Specialized?"
"I cannot discuss it if you are merely curious. In any case, the Channel would debrief you before you signed any contract."
That's a line gotta been fed to her.
He shook his head, remembering her condition to get that ten grand. "If yer hotshot financier can't help you see through th' fine print, what makes y'think I could?"
The Wraith fell silent although she didn't look to reconsider anything. Finally, "I need your body, McManus, not your mind. The fine print can be satisfied by your actions. That is all I can say."
He almost felt insulted by that answer, but only "almost." No one had ever hired him for his brains; they'd needed his power claymore and his berserker style.
Shiv tilted her head, her ears attentive even as they were tilted back with the sweep of her mane. "What say you? Will you meet the ASC representative to discuss this sponsorship deal?"
He thought about the offer, the scary vagueness, the enriching enticements.
Do an alien porno? Nah, sure I can get fame in some other way...
Yet, some nights he was sober, he knew the drugs were starting to take their toll. If he didn't die in battle, the drugs would kill him in due time. He didn't have that much time left to help his mother and sister and, if he was going to do it at all, this seemed like an easy way to make enough in one shot to get them out of Downtown. Plus gain some fame for other deals to come his way.
An easy way. That was what scared him. Whatshouldscare him.
Still...
"Okay, Shiv. I'll meet yer rep."
The Wraith Raider smiled for once, showing too many sharp teeth. "Good. The Channel will contact you. This is set for recording next month."
"That long?"
"Only stay alive until then, McManus. I will see you then."
Two: Preying Mantis
His Oyster alarm went off, shrill and maximum volume. James' arm shot out, he grappled with the blaring device, fumbled it, and somehow fell out of bed chasing it. Fortunately the dorm bed's frame was low and close to the floor; he didn't break his nose again, although the thin carpet smelled of old vomit.
"What th' fuck, Jamz?" grumbled the redhead as she pressed her hand to her pounding head. She still wore that distinct, fingerless glove, now torn from whatever they'd gotten into. He tried to remember her name.
"Erm. Sorry, babe, gotta meeting. Gotta get up."
"Ye sound like a suit."
"I dunno. Could be a good deal." He stumbled toward the bathroom to get some cold water on his face. "I'll call ye later."
"Whatever."
A quick body shower, a cleaner shirt, and his usual black-yellow-night-blue kilt and heavy, armored boots in place, James reapplied a fresh coat of electric blue paint to his dreadlocks without looking in a mirror. He grabbed his Oyster, made sure he had his credit chit in the slot—empty as it was—and his bag of "supplies" secure at his waist.
On the Gauss ride over, the Frother gave in and gave himself a prick of Flip to stay calm. The ASC executive who had called him to set up a meeting had been, from what he looked up later, kind of high-ranking. Nobody that high had ever noticed him before, and he'd been too comfortable among his Clan the past years, letting their particular flavor of Clan-admins do these meetings unless he was with a squad. Now he kind of wished he had watched a couple of these meetings, but this was on the down low. He was on his own.
"Mr. McManus, you made it! Excellent."
The suit looked clean-cut and shaven baby-smooth like any rep he'd ever seen or met, and they all looked alike to him. Dark brown hair, pale skin, seemed to always be either blue or dark eyes. The guy didn't offer to clasp forearms but shook hands instead.
"Franc Bouvard, level C representing the Alien Sex Channel."
"James Callgarhy of Clan McManus. And yeah, I remember."
The suit smiled and looked creepy doing it. "Do you? Well, then, we're ahead of schedule. Have a seat."
Franc ordered a form of complicated coffee that James couldn't imagine what it tasted like, and he almost ordered an ale or a Slosh, then thought better of it.
"Uh, water?"
"Premium Polo or Ultra New Paris, sir?"
Shit.They didn't serve from the filter, and that off-world, sealed stuff was expensive. James heard the tone of "sir." The waiter didn't think he could pay for it, and the exec didn't offer. Good thing the Flip was still working, his heart thudding slow and steady in his chest, or he might have made a snide comment.
"Never mind, a Slosh is fine," he said.
The waiter paused but nodded and left. Franc Bouvard smiled almost with approval.
"It's perfectly fine to take pride in what you are," he said, opening a file he had already retrieved from his briefcase on the floor. "That's why the crowds love you."
"Sure," James said, looking at the papers. Suits always seemed to have the same, light grey stacks of files even though they could probably hold it all on their fancy Oysters.Maybe it makes them look official.
"So, we are here to discuss a possible performance contract between you and Miss Merithivm."
James blinked; it sounded like Franc had developed a lisp all of a sudden. "Miss who?"
The suit smirked, icy blue eyes peering through him. "That would be 'Shiv.' I grant her full name is a mouthful, Shiviriamerithivm."
James did a double-take and turned his ear toward Franc, who chuckled.
"Yes, exactly. We had to create a surname, since pride names for females on Polo don't work like ours do for women."
Pride name. Huh. Like a Clan name?
"Oh. Got it. Okay." James waited, then said, "Uh, yeah, I'm here to discuss that scene. Shiv said it was 'specialized'?"
Franc nodded and looked at his file. "Yes. It is just as well she proposed to us a Frother. We're looking for someone who can engage her in a convincing melee prior to intercourse."
Somehow not as bad as he had feared. Their drinks came, and James popped the can, thepssht!attracting a few sidelong glances while Franc blew on the surface of his foaming reddish-brown liquid before sipping quietly. The familiar taste of apple gave James confidence to speak next.
"A fight, eh? Just so I understand, this scene you want is kind of a...mock rape? You want a fight, then sex. So, you want it to seem like I'm raping her?"
The executive's eyebrows shot up and he laughed aloud, richly amused. "Oh! Oh, no, Mr. McManus. I doubt that you could even manage it in pretend. If you had ever watched any of Miss Merithivm's work, you wouldn't be confused now. No, this is combat resistance. It will seem as ifsheis rapingyou. Once you're on your 'Ultra Violence,' you should put up a wonderful fight and feel no pain no matter what she does, am I right?"
James stared at him as the Flip and Slosh worked in tandem to reduce the prickling of the hairs on his forearms. There'd been plenty to distract him this last month, but he hadn't even thought to research the Wraith Raider that way. Or maybe he just didn't want that stuff on his Oyster. Still, he kicked himself now, because Franc had an even bigger advantage and he knew it.
The exec pulled out a contract, grinning widely. "Would you like to learn more, Mr. McManus? Or must you bow out if it's not your 'jive'?"
James remained still by virtue of the drug in his blood. Frothers didn't turn tail, and while he hadn't told anyone in his Clan about this opportunity and they might never know, he was aware how execs networked with each other. Refusing this might be the last of any "big breaks" he'd see.
Now it's a violent, alien porno. She's got claws. And teeth.James looked at the familiar logo on his drink and felt annoyed with himself.Really think this is any worse than the Reds they dump us into for a hundred a pop? Up against creaking cyborgs with their faces rotting off? Lucky I got all my limbs after last time. And there's ten grand in it if I do this right. Not like I couldn't afford some KickStart to heal back up.
James shook his head, the familiar swing of his dreads boosting his confidence. "Nah, I'm good, Mr. Bouvard. Show me."
The contract came next, and Franc went over it swiftly as James struggled to read the text in the right places where his flying finger pointed.
"No sex for forty-eight hours prior to reporting to the studio," the suit summarized, "no UV for at least twelve prior. You are forbidden from taking Alice, Flip, Drum, or Beat as those will conflict with our purpose, and we will test you upon your arrival. You are allowed Personal Interest and Streak if you like, depending on how your system responds to them, but not Pain Away or KickStart until after recording is complete."
That was going to suck. And the pay was indeed a measly two hundred credits.
Franc noticed the twist of his mouth at that part and admonished him in that reasonable type of voice. "This is the standard starting pay for a male actor with no experience in the industry. The Channel would be handling all advertising and distribution, and we'll do our part to make you attractive to other sponsors," the suit smiled proud as pearls, "because that's what we do. You only must do your part, McManus. You know, meet us halfway."
Yeah, whatever.
Then there was the medical exam prior to any signing of the contract. They wanted to check him for venereal diseases.
"Ok, well, I got my standard battery of immunities in basic at Meny," James said.
Franc nodded without interest. "We're still going to check. The non-use of condoms is in your contract and you'll be inside our star at some point. You may not pull out, either, though there's a twenty-credit bonus if you do and go manual. There's a reason they call it the 'money shot'." Another oily smile. "You are incapable of getting Miss Merithivm pregnant, so that won't be a concern, but we know you're promiscuous enough and decently endowed."
"Uh. How do you know that?"
The executive grinned. "Oh, that's easy. In any case, you may trust us that we always give her the same exam, and she's always been clean."
"Oh, good."
"Are we ready to go, then?"
"Go where?"
"To the clinic. We've covered everything important. Everything's on the table." Elbows on the table, fingers tapping together. "Nowyoutellmeif we should invest in you, Mr. McManus. In this proposal."
Now? Decide now.
The executive's fingers drummed the table, and he sipped his coffee, chilling eyes peeking over the rim. James' heart beat harder in his chest, in his ears; a persistent pulse against the restraints of the drugs. This was his only opportunity, the only attention they'd give him. If he walked from the table without signing on, Franc wouldn't call back. They'd just look for someone else.
Do it or not. Walk away, or walk out with him. Like breaking from cover, stopping midway gets you killed. Only this time, it could get my family killed if I just hide behind that dumpster and never come out swinging.
The Frother tipped Slosh to wet his lips. "Already runnin,' Mr. Bouvard. Let's go to that clinic."
Between the red tape, the doctor visit, the business talk, James had a splitting headache when he left at the end of the day, heading back to the Gauss station alone. To think he and his brothers talked about how it would be cool to be paid to have sex.
I signed. Fucking signed. Now what?
It was a bit late, but he felt the need to download some fetish porn and pay for the privilege of watching Shiv in action.
Before he was supposed to let her fight and fuck him next.
*****
Most of the porn came through the widescreen in the Commons at House McManus. The only private bits streamed on the tiny screens of Oysters. Since the Commons of his dorm was rarely empty and big screen porn displayed only the types of sex any Clansman would admit to liking, James realized most of what he'd watched over the last three years was generic and predictable. Even the "violent" stuff always had the man on top.
James sat on the couch in the dead of night when most were out partying, universal remote in hand, temporarily alone, and sober enough to notice the cravings. To notice the time passing. Once Ma and Seana were sponsored by him and moved out of Downtown, they'd be safe. If—or when—something happened to him, the clause in his employee benefits would see them set up, and they'd have all his earnings. His Clan would help take care of them if they got sick or needed a job, but he had to move them and get them registered with the Clan first.
Best chance, won't have another. I signed the contract. I don't do this, it's gonna backfire on me. Someone I know is gonna see it anyway. Why worry about a download or two now? Just man up, McManus, ain't gonna live forever.
James found the correct she-Wraith, he was pretty sure. Those were her spots, and her frown. Her fans called her "Icespot." He supposed as a pun on a "hotspot" erupting, with a nod to the kitties being from a white planet, ball-bitingly cold while their bodies ran temperatures way above human. Shiv was listed in the "Extreme Fem-dom" category.
The Frother whistled lowly at the number of downloads and shares on her five vids—her star was clearly on the way up—and tried to decide which to pick as a sample. All were "combat copulation" with male Wraiths; there weren't any other races yet, but now the ASC wanted to branch out.
Sort of. They're still expecting me to get my arse kicked by a pussy and my pole used by her twat.The only reason James wasn't worried about that was because he always got a hard-on when he took Ultra Violence.Just never had a girl wrapped around it at the time.
James picked the most recent one. He watched a decently edited set-up that showed a prowl and a stalk on a studio set mimicking some snow-blown wilderness. He'd heard the purple pussies turned white when it got cold enough, and funny, he could see some white streaks showing in both Shiv and her mate's dark purple hair. It made him wonder how long this recording had taken, and how fast they changed colors.
The scenes switched back and forth between the two nude Wraiths doing what they did best: hunting. Wraith Raiders had no tails and were lean, muscular, and sleek. Thinking back, James had never seen a Wraith with a potbelly nor any curvy, jiggly females among them. Cleavage was non-existent. They had some high standards for fitness. James idly pondered if he was watching any kind of real mating rituals between the boy cats and the girl ones? He couldn't really tell.
Wraith Raiders had far more patience than any Frother, that was clear. This was why some of the best snipers he'd heard of in SLA were Wraiths. James' knee was bouncing, and he kept looking over his shoulder at the Commons' door, briefly fast-forwarding the video to get to the sex. He came upon it abruptly, when Shiv burst out of hiding and tackled the male Wraith, tumbling with the speed of a car wheel across the screen.
Whoa! Okay, back up.
The audio kicked in with the accurate speed; the pair screeched and caterwauled as they brawled was terrible. James hit the mute button fast. He watched in silence as Shiv displayed better martial arts and wrestling training than he had, against a better opponent, and now the Frother finally swallowed. He watched as the she-Wraith gained the superior position on the male, putting him on his back; she took him by the throat with one strong hand, choking him. The asphyxia caused an instant erection in the male; James had never seen it before, but maybe the rumors about male Wraiths having a "penis bone" could be true.
When the flared, blood-red prick disappeared between a swollen, ruddy set of dark purple labia, Shiv visibly purred, eased up on the choking as her partner cooperated. The male Wraith turned his head away, showing her his throat, and Shiv and leaned down to sniff at and lick at his neck, nipping his jaw. Then the fucking proper began, the male was willing, the female in control, and it looked like it was just as noisy as the brawl.
Weird for those silent, sneaky fuzzies.
Although at first it seemed like it could get really vicious between the two, the tone of the hunt had changed and now it looked to the Frother like both were having some fun, getting off. Releasing some stress. Fast and intense, like a really serious work-out. Squats and toning galore.
Not too bad, I guess. Maybe I can do this.
"WHOA,James! What the fuck, Fro?"
He jumped in his seat, nearly shutting off the TeeVee but dropping the remote instead and letting it play. James grinned and shrugged as Tim and Kelly walked in and went straight for the cool box despite round eyes pointed at the widescreen.
"Just settling a bet about the cock-bones," James said.
"Yeah? Who with?"
"A McGiver. He wouldn't download it."
"HAH! Yeah, that Clan is a bunch o' wusses." Grabbing his Slosh, Tim leaped over the side of the couch and landed hard, his kilt flipping up and James looked elsewhere. "So, do they?"
"Looks like it. Want me to reverse?"
"Pfff, nah! Pre-morning Glads are on! Only time I get to see cutie Catie Rourke. Change the channel."
"Sure," James said, and turned off the video before Shiv had cum.
****
When the day came, he woke up alone for the second time in a row. James had to consciously resist the urge to shoot up anything, or put a piece of film under his tongue. He jumped into the cool shower and past his usual routine, dressing afterward in his kilt and an off-white shirt, repainting his long dreadlocks with a fresh coat. He looked at the time.
Got five hours, still.
With Bossgirl Cage and the others giving him a clear day, he had nothing to do that wouldn't tempt breaking some of his restrictions, so he headed to the Gauss station early, taking a train to an area of the city he'd never been before. There were far fewer monolithic skyscrapers disappearing into the low rain clouds. His destination was a campus-like cluster of squat, blocky buildings bearing a wide footprint in Mort City.
Unlike in that first café, no one here batted a lid to see a Frother strolling about; there were many others, all dressed in exaggerated tartan armor, wearing helmets on their heads and the classic power claymores on their back. This was pretty much the first image he ever remembered seeing of these guys on TeeVee. If his mother hadn't told him how he'd been conceived, he never would have thought to put himself up for testing.
He passed three Frothers of Clan Connaucht, and they were jumpy and tense so he gave them a wide berth. A fourth from the Donoghue House was in a chair staring off into space. Though humans filled most jobs around the studio grounds, from the tidy and pretty suits to the meandering cleaning staff, other races popped up as he got closer to the zone where he would report.
Around the next corner, a Brain Waster argued loudly with an Ebon, no surprise there. The agitated brooders stared blank eyes at each other; one set was blue and the other white-green. James still couldn't get over how the skin around a 'Waster's eyes was actually charred from doing whatever it was they did. It as one of the only ways to tell a Waster apart from an Ebon, but it also reminded him of a trash bandit's mask. Not that he'd ever say that to one's face.
Just give 'em an excuse to melt yer face off.
James had to take a shuttle to get to the next lot over. He was really glad he hadn't started a video game back in the Commons after skipping breakfast; he'd underestimated how long the travel would take. When he arrived, he stepped off to notice the usual "magic number" of seven Shaktar guarding the courtyard leading into the "J" series of studios.
The saurian aliens stood straight and proud, silent and stern in their traditional armor; they were spread out to see each other and coordinate as needed, and it would be hard to drop an ambush that got all of them at once. This was one alien which James grasped a little better than most. They were like his own Clan, if more rigid. They had the traditions and ancestral armor and weapons, the respect for courage in battle, and the rites of passage to belong in marked groups.
Heh. They even have dreadlocks. Kinda.
The black extensions flowing off the crown of their ridged heads were made of flesh, and James didn't know anybody who had actually touched one to say what it felt like. Even guarding the ASC complex as proudly as they would a promoted restaurateur or a Cloak Division Head—hardly a difference in duty, it was an honor regardless—the word had it there was no chance the porno suits could get a Shaktar into one of their movies.
Just wouldn't happen.
Each one of this group noted him, no doubt having already selected the most efficient way to "neutralize" him if he became a problem. While other security in places he'd been carried everything from pacifier batons to GASH Fists to vibro-sabers, most of these guys carried unpowered swords where anyone could see them, and it was anyone's guess what they might have in reserve. The dark red tails were calm as James walked between their owners.
Good sign.
Then one broke away to approach the Frother, and James stopped to wait, keeping his hands visible. He tilted his head up as the tall warrior blocked his way. The Shaktar's SCL card was displayed prominently on his chest and showed a SLA Clearance Level of 7.2. Far higher than James' pitiful SCL 9.3.
"Business and permit," the Shaktar said.
James got out his Oyster and showed the digital code, which the guard scanned. "Reporting to Studio J-45 slash 3."
"Operative Callgarhy-McManus." After verifying the code's authenticity, the Shaktar nodded and took one heavy step aside. His voice rumbled like a deliberate machine behind his face protection. "Forward to the corner, turn right, straight to the blue and green marked building. Main door is facing away, so follow the bronze plaque. Do not deviate."
"Cheers—er. My gratitude, soldier."
The Shaktar nodded, almost a bow of the shoulders, and let him by. James took a deep breath and let it out once he got around that corner. The Shaktar remained behind, eyeing the "flux couple" who were still being quite vocal.
When James finally got inside out of the drizzling rain, he walked up to the check-in desk. The dark-haired receptionist was bored, middle-aged, and watched him, mildly curious. She's seen his kind before.
"New file, right?" she commented, tapping her keyboard while barely glancing at the inlay screen.
"Yeah, first time."
That piqued her interest. She leered a bit, heavily-painted, red lips drawing his eye as her bespectacled eyes swept over him with more interest. "Guess you are pretty young. Should I ask which cherry they're taking?"
James hadn't thought that he could blush for a woman, but he did when video of Shiv with that other fuzzy flashed behind his eyes. The woman laughed in delight, now less bored.
"Oh, Clan-boy, you're cute!" she said. Then she cleared her throat. "Second hall, hon, then the lift up five floors. Ask the next receptionist there. Come by afterward, maybe we can get tea. I get off at four." She winked. "Every day."
"Ah. Yep, maybe," he mumbled, nodding and taking the door pass she offered. "Cheers."
"Cheers, Laddie!" she repeated brightly and in a horrible Clansman accent, then got on the phone to tell the receptionist upstairs to expect him.
James got a second dose of fluttering eyelashes at check-in, but no flirting or welcome whatsoever when he found the right place at long last. He was over an hour early.
"Ah, good, the Frother's here on time."
The dark-haired stage manager bustled up fast, and James got the feeling he was about to spring away again after delivering terse instructions.
"We're still setting up the lighting and cameras, and that it would take a while. Go entertain yourself until you are called. Don't break anything, or it's coming out of your pay."
The stage manager's name badge was on his belt, visibly only as the manager left, so James muttered to himself, "Whatever you say, Roberts."
Sighing, he snagged a sweet roll from the breakfast table, and sat down in a folding chair to munch it. He had his drugs with him, but he couldn't decide what to take that wouldn't lull the next couple hours into a haze, make him slow, or cause him to blow his load too early. He just sat, his right leg bouncing, and he played with his Oyster, tapping at a timewaster shooter game but quickly lost interest. He stood back up and got some coffee, the caffeine a poor substitute for his real jones, but it gave him something to think about besides the needle as he listened to the orders and equipment going about with an overload of griping and complaining.
The glamour of show business...
He'd been sitting for about forty minutes when he heard a soft, uncomfortable mewl, and his co-star came around the corner out of a hallway. She stopped suddenly to stare at him in surprise. James raised his eyes to the tall, feline figure and instantly remembered what she looked like naked.
"Uh, hi?" he ventured. "Shiv?"
The temple spots said it was Shiv alright, and again she was dressed in a half-length tank top, spandex shorts and shoes, only this time the clothes were just black. This time she wasn't frowning or peering at him like a sniping stalker. She looked much worse for wear than the last time they'd spoken. Gone were the cold, calculating eyes, the unreadable expressions, the controlled, fluid movements. The she-Wraith was not only extremely distracted, but her hands were trembling, her breathing quick, and the expression on her face was, James could only decide, one of pain. But not as if she were injured. More like...
Withdrawal. I know that face.
"You okay, Shiv?"
She didn't reply at first then shook her head decisively. "No, McManus, I am not okay."
"What's wrong?"
She loomed over him, intent on watching him, the small blades of her ears turned flat against her thick mane. Her long nipples poked through the thin tank, her nostrils twitched, and there was hunger in that gaze, though James wasn't sure if she was thinking of fucking him or eating him. He wasn't sure if he should stand up or not; maybe standing up would be a challenge; maybe he'd provoke her.
Then Shiv's expression slowly morphed into one he wished he didn't recognize. Regret. "I am sorry, McManus."
He swallowed. "Sorry for what?"
"That I asked you toakhsss...accept. To accept this contract. I chose you because you seemed to need the money, and you would be more likely to survive this than a...than a normal human." Shiv kept her fingers curled, hiding her claws. "But I did not know they would do this to me. Had I known, I may have chosen a Brain Waster and let him cheat. You do not deserve this."
This was a side he didn't know she had, that any Wraith had. Pity it had to be dropped on him with bad news. Who had done what to her? What didn't the Frother deserve, in her alien mind?
James looked around for anyone too near who might overhear; they were either working on the cameras and the set or running to and from the office out front. No one was paying any attention to the "actors." He looked back at red eyes that were scaring him, though he'd never admit it. He indicated a chair where she could sit down. "What did they do to you?"
Shiv crossed her arms as if trying to stop the shaking of her hands; her breathing was still fast, and he saw now a thin layer of sweat darkening the velvet fuzz at her temples. She considered the chair for a few moments too long then decided to take it, moving it closer where they could keep their voices low. She flinched as if he had shocked her when they accidently touched knees, and her ears stayed back. James didn't draw attention to the contact.
"On Wraiths, McManus," she began, each word seeming to take some effort to say without breaking, "do you know the females have estrus cycles? That we go into heat?"
McManus hadn't known that but figured it was easier to nod.
"I am a...an a-abnormality. My mating heat...should not be so strong, but it is. My pride on Polo rejected me. SLA Industries found a way to help me. I can... mitigate the intensity with a Wraithen serum at the start of my heat, but SLA controls it. I can only get it through my physician."
James knew he wasn't the brightest of guys, but any Clansman recognized someone in serious need of a fix when he saw it. He rubbed his forearm with his palm, popping a sympathetic sweat alongside her. "You haven't had your serum."
The she-Wraith shook her head in the negative.
"And they always time the recording for when you are in heat."
Shiv nodded agreement, looking miserable even as her nostrils seemed to be taking in his scent, her white fangs showing on the inhale.
"I cannot prove it," she murmured, "but...someone must have bribed the physician to take a holiday this week. His office refused me when I went for my normal appointment two days ago, and no other office can synthesize it in time."
James thought of the contract restrictions.No sex forty-eight hours before reporting to the studio. Her heat started two days ago, and she hasn't had anyone. Shit.
"It is too late," she continued, "and not coincidence. This strong estrus is why the Channel pursues me."
"Yeah, I...uh...I watched one of your videos." He looked away when she glanced at him. "The last one. You were in heat, but on the serum?"
A rock settled in his stomach as she nodded an affirmative.
"I must mate, McManus. I have forced others to mate before, but I have never k... I-I do not know if I can control myself. Not as you fight me."
The Frother felt a rush run up from the base of his spine. "Meaning what?"
Shiv stopped a moment as her abdominal muscles clenched and she grimaced, putting the heels of her hands against her forehead, her ears twitching. Her claws were always out, James saw. No retractables.
"I almost killed my mate once," she murmured, shame like lead in her voice. "When he fought me. Before the serum. Under this contract, you will be on Ultra Violence but will have no weapons or armor to defend yourself. Neither of us shall have control. They took it away. I think... I am to kill you while mating you, while being recorded. And I am sorry. I did not know."
Odd how those chilling words should have sounded like a threat coming from anyone he knew, implying a willingness to sacrifice him to get ahead in SLA. Just how things were done, sometimes, but also why James loved his Clan; they had his back, more than most. Instead, Shiv's confession came across as the ultimate failure, a fatalistic and inevitably apology, like this would destroy everything she knew.
James' gaze lingered on her claws for several seconds, his teeth gritted behind closed lips in a sudden surge of anger and terror swept through him.Knew it was too good to be true.
But he'd signed.
James hadn't signed on for a snuff vid, he knew; he hadn't skimmed the contract that sloppily. Those were illegal, anyway. The ASC was a major, legitimate business but collateral for ratings was a common ploy for anyone, even he knew that. The penalties to his Clan if James backed out now probably meant he wouldn't be a McManus anymore within a couple months and, as a lone, black-balled Operative, would only get the lowest street jobs. Best case scenario now, if he died here by "accident," Ma and Seana stayed in Downtown, the Clan got what little he owned, and the ASC would still find a way to sell the vid they made.
McManus felt sick.
"I will never be free."
Shiv's mournful whisper broke into his thoughts, and James guessed just being near him made it harder on her. Heat poured off her. The Frother realized he could smell not just her sweat, but something else. Something redolent, off-world; definitely not from the City. The Frother hadn't known that Wraiths could weep, either. They always seemed so cold, so calm. Shiv's blood-red eyes were glassy with fear and unshed tears.
"If I kill you, on camera," she said, "they can do whatever they want."
He nodded. That part was the same for all Operatives. "You won't pass your next psych eval. They'll revoke your Operative status. Maybe deport you."
"Worse," she hissed. "They will give me a 'medical exemption,' and make me a Contract Killer. And give me to the ASC."
James paused.She's right."Fuck."
The CK's were often the nutball Operatives who cracked somewhere along the line; they were dangerous or unreliable to operate in the "normal" tasks, but they still had value. They ran the Circuit, fighting each other for their sponsors. Better than abandoning Mort's "veterans," the saying went.
James and his fellows watched the Circuit; everyone did. It was some of the best entertainment. Stars came and went, very few stuck around long, and James was pretty sure the agents from Cloak Division came to "visit" the CK's more often than regular SLOps, especially the uncooperative ones. Checking their loyalty to the Company. Sometimes you just never heard about a particular Killer again. They were gone.
Cloak coming to get you. Not how I'd want to be taken out of the game.
"Shiv, do you have a copy of your contract?" he asked, not hopeful given how little she was wearing.
She looked up, appearing at first not to understand his question. "My financier already saw it. Signed off on it."
James shrugged. "Was that before or after you were blocked at the doctor?"
"Before." Shiv answered, but no light of understanding came to her eyes.
"And you didn't show it to him after? Or tell him about this?"
She shook her head. "Tom is good at his job, but still male, and human. He does not understand. It is too late."
James tried to still his leg as it began to bounce. He repeated, "Do you have a copy I could see? On your Oyster, or something?"
She was irritable and skeptical; not a good mix. "McManus, you are not a financier."
"I know that. Come on, you gotta have it. Please?"
She considered, then pulled a much-folded paper square out of her running shoe.
Odd place to put it, but okay.
James unfolded the damp paper and looked over the concise, small print crammed onto two pages. It said pretty much the same as his. No explicit orders to go into a frenzy and kill him on camera. The Wraith Raider wasn't lying to him.
Good. Details stacked against us, but they're not strong-arming her.
James looked through the pre-recording restrictions that pretty much mirrored the one Franc showed him, minus the UV. No mention of taking any serum. Almost a form contract, slightly modified from the previous five, maybe.
Medical exam...no sex forty-eight hours before reporting to the studio...The Frother stopped.Can't believe that pompous fuck missed this. Did he pawn it off onto an intern or something?
James reached out and gently took Shiv's wrist; again she flinched, trying to pull away. Her skin was very hot, and the alien "coat" was indeed a lot like velvet. Her lip curled, and she started to growl as he held firm.
"Hey, quiet. Got an idea."
James leaned much closer, holding her eyes and risking her teeth if she snapped at him. Showing her he was serious and not a coward. She didn't blink, staring with simmering hostility but she didn't eat his face.
Off to a good start.
"Want a quickie?" he whispered.
Shiv stared. "What?"
James lifted the contract in his other hand, a grin stretching his lips. "Doesn't say in here our first fuck has to be in front of the camera, only that it has to be in the studio.Minesays that I can't take UV until just before the camera goes live on the day of the shoot. We're in the studio, and I won't be fighting you for little while. I submit. I'm all yours."
Understanding shone at last in her scarlet eyes and the she-Wraith stood up, seizing his wrist in return and hauling him out of his chair and the waiting area, down the hallway. Her tight grip on him drew a few curious eyes as Shiv made her way past them.
"Hey. Hey, let go," he muttered. "I'll follow. Promise."
Reluctantly, she let him take his wrist back. "You run, I will chase you," she whispered.
James felt like smiling again. "Frothers don't run."
Although, in other circumstances, he might have taken her up on a playful chase.
Shiv came the long way around to a door she seemed to be her target and used her SCL badge at her hip to open it. She seemed to know what to expect on the inside. James saw just a basic dressing room but immediately noticed how cold it was.
Like a meat cooler. Great.
Shiv closed the heavy, insulated door and James heard the lock click. He glanced around the room and spied the pieces of tape hand-fixed to the ceiling were two cameras would be.
Ah, only the prima donnas might get away with that.
Then Shiv seized his shoulders before he could speak and firmly guided him, pushing him until his backside fell into an armless chair.
"Okay, wh—"
She shucked off her shiny black shorts, and the Frother stared at her pussy, confirming that a razor wasn't what had made her look clean-shaven in the video. She was just uniform in the velvet fuzz. The she-Wraith sat on his thighs next, facing him, her legs and hands nudging up his kilt. Her inner thighs were as damp as her hairline, as her wild scent hit him full in the face. Tremors passed through her hands as she licked her fangs, and he panicked.
"Whoa, wait! Come on, Shiv, I know you've been ready for two days now, but I still need a little foreplay!"
Shiv looked up at his face and blinked as if she forgot he could talk. "Such as?"
He wet his lips, trying to think. His eyes dropped to her chest. "Well. I like tits, even small ones. Take off your tank."
She didn't question that; she stripped without hesitation, now wearing only her running shoes. James put both hands on her waist, letting that astonishing warmth seep through a very pleasant texture into his palms. He slipped them upward over her ribs toward her chest, and she bared her teeth. His hands froze.
"Don't like that?" he asked.A blowjob's out of the question.
She quivered on his lap, visibly collecting her nerves. She reached her hand under his kilt to cup his genitals and he tensed, but with the light massage he realized she was adept at doing so without jabbing. At least the palms of her hands were decently smooth. At least he was at half-mast.
"Irrelevant," she said, her voice roughened with lust. "Touch me as you need it, McManus. I have mated outside my species before."
You have?
"Hurry," she whispered, shifting her shoulders back to present her breasts to him.
Uh, right.
James focused on her dark purple nipples capping the tender palmfuls of fuzzy flesh, the only curves she had that weren't formed by muscle. He could feel how dense she was, how hard her thigh muscles were, while she sat on him. He focused on this small area of feminine softness, framing it with his hands and leaning forward to nuzzle, inhaling and getting used to her scent before taking a nipple to suckle.
It was long and a little rubbery, the taste of her skin reminding him that she wasn't a Clan girl. James almost drew back just from the unfamiliarity of it but Shiv purred softly and threaded her free hand through his dreads at the back of his skull, holding him close like a babe while rubbing him beneath his kilt. She definitely knew how to stroke a man.
"I like," she murmured. "Male Wraiths are... not so adept."
Encouraging.Shape of the 'monkey mouth' is good for something.
James kept nuzzling and sucking on her breasts, pleasing her and himself, feeling his dick plump up as he relaxed into the shared experience. Shiv's feet were firmly braced on either side, her forearm propped on his shoulder; her legs strong and her hips undulated along his hairy thighs half-way between a lap dance and an ecstatic drug trance. She pulled on him firmly as he grew fully hard in her hand, and a long, eager growl from her caused his balls to tighten in anticipation.
McManus didn't have to do anything as Shiv took it from there, lifting his kilt fully and shuffling her groin flush against his, aiming the glans for her slippery hole. She seemed to know to cover his mouth, muffling him when she squatted down and took his dick full-length up inside her.
"Mmph!"Fuckinghot!
He couldn't even decide if it was in the good way.
Shiv chuckled, her eyes gleaming like a predator as her insides squeezed him as no woman ever had. She licked the side of his throat from collarbone to jaw with a strong tongue and he sucked in a startled breath, his cock pulsing once from his blood surging.
"Don't fight," she warned, her eyes half-closed as she tested a full stroke up and down. She groaned. Her eyes closed in the pleasure.
She likes it.
"Won't," he grunted as the scalding, alien pussy rose up and jammed his prick inside her again. "Hsss, Fuck..!"
"Mmmrrr. Yesss."
James didn't have to do much when Shiv began to ride him; he kept his hands on her, palming her ass and stroking her back and waist. She fucked him harder, her breathing grew frenzied as mewls escaped her throat. She felt good and tight around him, if almosttoohot. If not for the cold room, he would have sweated through his shirt already. Lucky for them both, his lack of usual recreation made him a little numb so, hard or not, the Frother would have to hump for a while to get off. Shiv didn't notice his relative lack of desperation; she buried her nose just behind his ear and wrapped her arms around him, fucking his human cock like she was starved for it. Like she really needed it to keep living.
Hungry girl. Might spurt off if she says my name even once—
"Ow!" he hissed as abrupt, shooting pains jolted him out of complacency. He gripped her hand at the nape of his neck and tried to peel off her fingers. "Watch the claws! I'm not on UVyet."
Shiv's burning, red eyes opened to a slit and she snarled at him. Still, she placed both her hands on the back of the chair; her claws squeaked against the metal as she gripped it and redoubled her stride. Belatedly, James realized she had been climbing fast and he had just sent her orgasm sideways.
Fuck my crutch...
He had the thought to apologize but Shiv went straight back to nuzzling and snuffling his throat and his jaw, this time pushing his head to the side with force. James knew his throat was exposed, and Shiv insisted he keep it there. She even nipped him, and he dug his fingers into her hips in response, which somehow encouraged her to go faster.
Did...did she just give me a Wraith-hickey?
The bit of blood on his neck brought out more of the noises he'd heard in her vid as Shiv hissed, somehow sounding happy doing it, and moaned in low delight. Fortunately, she wasn't shrieking in his ears because he wasn't doing more than gasping and grunting with an occasional huff and a curse. The pace was impressive; at once point, he felt better braced gripping his seat with one hand.
Any Clan girl off her PI would have worn out her thighs already.
Shiv tripped up on the smooth strokes along his dick; her breath hitched in her throat, her body tightened down on him. She climaxed then, he was sure of it; the way her ragged breath scraping by his ear, her cunt rippling in a pronounced massage so strange he held still as a gargoyle for a few seconds, his jaw slack in astonishment. Then the she-Wraith screeched in his ear, a breaking, panicked sound different from her vid, and she clung to him, desperately milking every sizzle of sensation between her legs.
When she was finished, the Frother tried to speak, maybe a compliment, maybe some stupid joke to lighten the mood, but she pressed her hand over his mouth and jerked her chin in a negative.
"Again," she gasped, halfway between a demand and a plea. "A-again, McManusss."
Holy shiiitt...
Not 'James,' but the sultry draw on his Clan name reduced his control a notch.
Think about my last BPN in the sewers, something to keep from getting off.
James sucked in a breath through his nose, pulling some nasty, unsexy visuals around him like a cloak by the time his hand pulled hers away from his mouth. "Go for it, kitty. Just don't say my first name 'less it's my turn."
She nodded distractedly, more than ready to take him up on it. Now she wastooslick; she leaked over his thighs, tagged his kilt with her scent grinding against him while he gripped the chair beneath his ass withbothhands. He knew she came twice more because of the shrieks which left his ears ringing.
Pretty fucking fast, all things considered.
But James didn't know if it Shiv had had her fill by the time the buzz of the intercom announced their time was up.
"Miss Meri...uh, Miss Shiv?" a young male voice said. "We're set up and ready to start shooting."
Shiv abruptly stopped fucking him, turning her head toward the door. She took hold of James' shoulders again, squeezing like she wanted to ignore the summons keep going. After a beat in which she got control of her breathing, she reluctantly stood up off of his drenched cock to go to the panel. She touched the button, and her voice calm when she responded.
"Acknowledged. I will be there."
"Mr. Roberts said to be there in five. No more."
"Acknowledged," she said with hinted impatience.
It was quiet again, and James let out the breath he was holding. At first he hadn't even felt the cold air but then it struck him that the Wraith Raider's body had been keeping him warm and comfortable in a fucking freezer.
Blue balls even as they shrink in the cold.
While Shiv slipped back into her shorts and tank top, James put his kilt back down, stifling a groan of discomfort. She heard it and frowned at him.
"You did not finish?"
He forced a laugh. "Ladies first. Come on, let's get out there and get this over with."
Shiv nodded in agreement but watched him a moment longer and said, "I can promise I will not kill you, McManus. No matter what happens."
He felt true relief, the relaxation causing an answering throb in his cock. "Glad to hear it. I promise the same."
She tilted her head skeptically, and James just grinned, seeing a familiar, competent Operative in place of the desperate beast he'd met twenty minutes ago.
"You will still bleed," she warned him.
"Hey, it's what I do best," he said with another, spreading grin. He couldn't help but feel damned good about outwitting the suits. "Expect a few good punches from me."
"I shall."
Shiv left the room first. McManus waited a few uncomfortable minutes before following. He got out of the room unnoticed when he heard the stage manager calling him. The guy sounded about ready to bust an eyeball from the pressure. Not wanting to make it obvious what he'd been doing unless someone got close to his kilt and took a really good sniff, James sidled down the hall into an alcove with a few cushiony chairs and a soda machine. He was rubbing himself through the tartan to maintain his hard-on when the stage manager swept around the corner.
"McManus, there you are!" Roberts halted. He raised an eyebrow.
The Frother smirked broadly. "You said to entertain myself."
"Don't be a smartass. Get on set, Operative. Now."
Three: Fifteen Minutes
This set is...
"Silly" was the first thing that came to the Frother's mind. Not the sort of place he would have imagined the suits setting up with the hope that he died here.
The designers had placed a low-base, king-sized bed slightly off center, so they weren't supposed to fuck on the floor. He noted the mattress cover was a blazing white, no blankets or sheets, and behind that, there was a ten-step stairway leading up to nowhere; it dead-ended at the cream-colored wall.
Leading off to each side of the stairway was a three-foot-wide ledge running around the semi-circle of the set, and it looked sturdy enough to stand on. The thing that got him, though, were the three metal poles fixed tight from catwalk to stage, and the various swinging bars hanging down on chains from the catwalk. It looked like a combination strip club and aerobatic gymnasium. It wasn't lost on him that all the colors were neutral pastels.
All the better to show the blood.
James McManus had never been gladder for Ultra Violence in his entire career than when he was standing just off camera, half-listening to Roberts rush everyone who was supposed to be working while the Frother removed all his clothing except for his kilt, as instructed. The studio was far from empty. All the techies, assistants, janitors, random office people were here to watch. Two of the Shaktar security he'd seen outside guarded the way, presumably so neither James nor Shiv, each on their own trips, could leave during the shooting.
Because they sure aren't stopping anyone from coming in.
Even a certain, middle-aged receptionist had stopped by to watch the show, giving him an appreciative whistle as two make-up assistants dusted him with powder on his face, shoulders, chest, and back, supposedly so he didn't gleam like a polished stone.
"Frothers sweat all the time on TeeVee," James commented.
"Frothers are normally dolled up in armor and tartans," Roberts bit back, eyeing him critically, then instructed one of the girls, "Get the tops of his feet, just in case."
The blonde assistant obeyed, kneeling down, and she couldn't resist first peeking up his kilt with a giggle, which prompted a smile from James as she dusted his feet. When she started to reach underneath, however, small fingers brushing his hairy legs, he froze. He wanted to just let her, but—
Still a bit sticky from the dressing room. Can't imagine she'll expect the taste.
"How come we don't have a fluffer, sir?" she asked, turning her head, hand tickling his thigh, brushing his testicles. "Do we need one?"
"Stop that, Carly!" Roberts barked irritably. "What, first day? No fluffers with Wraiths. Miss Merithivm can smell you, and she won't like it."
Carly was close enough to his crotch to catch a whiff and wrinkle her nose in distaste, waving her hand in front of her face. "Fine. Don't think he bathed before coming over, anyway."
James was half-hard just from the tease and the idea that Shiv had already "marked" him from other females. That was kind of hot. All too soon, it stated to go down again.
Fuck me. I needmyfix next.
The too-sober Frother grew chilly from the cold air being pumped in from the far side, and his erection from a bit ago had subsided. James was positive that, in his current state of mind, he'd get an embarrassing case of stage fright, with or without Carly the Volunteer Fluffer. To give the ASC what it wanted he had to alter his state of mind with the auto-injector. Nothing different there; to give SLA want it wanted, he did the same all the time, although it had been long enough since his last dose by now to know he looked forward to it a little too much.
Shiv was already naked, sitting in a chair across the set from James, facing away from the onlookers and ignoring the chatter. Her back was stiff; she was tense but McManus seriously doubted it was due to people gawking at her nudity but rather her circumstances. The director, Anthony Kurtis, had finally arrived as well and directly approached his "star" with his directions. He didn't stayed long. She'd given a deadly glare to the short, pudgy man, and he stopped talking far sooner than he would with James.
I need to learn that trick.
"Fight her, Mr. McManus, but don't attack her first," Kurtis said, clenching both fists and drumming them down onto an imaginary table for emphasis. "This is a chase, this is resistance, so resist her hard. Don't give up. There isn't anything on the stage that can be used as a hand weapon, so you'll be relying only on the set and what you were born with."
"Yep." James imagined he could see a possible fatality in the director's fanciful, hazel eyes.Fair fight an' all, taking away her drug before giving me mine, ya sleeze.
"Use what we've built for you to use. Remember, it's a twenty-credit dock every time we have to chase you back onto the stage."
I won't remember where Jack shits here in a moment.
"We'll let the camera run and take what we get. Our editors can put together something that will make you both look good."
I know you will. Shut up. My toes are cold.
"Right? Good! We're ready, people!"
Roberts called places and for everyone to "Zip the hell up!" while the red light was on. He said to the Shaktar, "No one comes in or goes out until Mr. Kurtis says, 'Cut!'"
More shuffling around; everyone went oddly still as Shiv finally stood up out of her chair and hit her "mark." Kurtis nodded, scanned the stage and nodded, looking at James.
"Your auto-injector, McManus. Go get it, stand on your mark."
James picked it up from his clothes and equipment pile, walked back to the stage. Everyone waited until it got quiet again.
"Your cue after three, McManus. Three, two, one. Action!"
Heart pounding from anxiety, McManus keyed the auto-injector into his carotid. His heard pounded harder still, a high pitch rising in his ears. Adrenalin flooded his system, and so did the euphoria. His hard-on came back, rigid as steel. His vision changed, subtly at first, heightening to where he felt he could have snatched a fly out of midair. He became highly aware of his feet bare on the thin, beige carpet, and of the tingling in his fingers. He caught the very scent of the Wraith Raider across from him. She was on his kilt, smeared all over his cock.
He knew that scent. Knew what it meant.
He forgot his audience; his world shrank to forget he was in a studio or on a stage as the Wraith Raider moved into the light. She faced him, tall and strong, naked, flexing clawed fingers. She held his gaze without blinking, pupils dilating as she took a slow, deliberate step forward. He barely retained his last order not to attack first, though he wanted to throw that first punch or make that first charge.
Her muscles bunched, held her poised, ready to lunge or pounce. She went still.
Wraiths were patient; Frothers weren't, especially hopped up. His body started to vibrate, and his naked chest heaved, already dampening the powder they'd put on him. He lifted his hands, took a familiar fighting stance. Ready to block, to hit. To engage.
Come on, pussy.
She moved.
A feint, then a tackle on his off-side streaking in from down low, and McManus was on his back staring up at Shiv. She grinned, teeth wickedly sharp, and forced an aggressive imitation of a kiss. The Frother got the first taste of blood, and it was his own.
Get off!!
He jerked his mouth away and snapped teeth at her, tried to throw her when she laughed but she blocked him, keeping his hands tied and bracing her legs wider apart. His heels nearly met his own buttocks and he launched his hips up, jostling her if not pitching her over him. He managed to free one hand, his fingers snagging a weak amount of purple hair before she blocked him again, causing him to yank it out. She yelped and leaned back, backhanding him hard. He felt the blow, but not the pain that should've come with it.
"I shall rape you until you bleed, Frother," she hissed, loud enough for the camera to catch it.
That might have been a line. They were "acting," weren't they? He couldn't quite tell; she sounded like she meant it.
He acted, punching her back. She felt it, falling to the side, stunned and rolling away to avoid his follow-up lunge. His fingers just grazed her back before she got to her feet, and he lunged again, meeting her heel on the way up. Another hit he didn't feel, despite the fact his vision blurred a second.
Next, she got a death-grip on his dreads.
Son of a—!
His growl swiftly lead to a roar as he dove into her, trying to break the hold on his dreads before she landed him like a giant fish. He aimed to throw off her swing, her balance. Something else happened to where he slammed full-body into the side of the bed, his head swimming before it cleared and he saw Shiv gasping for breath. The Frother hopped back up and charged to tackle her, seeing a satisfying flicker of surprise in the she-Wraith's eyes.
She fell back into position, timed it just right and took his outstretched arm before dropping, her feet on his gut, and he was flipped. He landed on his back, rolled and sprang back to his bare feet, sucking greedily for breath as he took off after her.
The she-Wraith fled up the Stairs to Nowhere, sprinting along the ledge halfway around with the Frother on her non-existent tail. Just before he rushed to the platform's edge, she sprang forward stage to grip one of the bar swings, getting away from him as the levers above moved her away from the ledge. She wouldn't be able to swing back close enough to gain the ledge again, and it was too far for him to jump. One, loud shout of frustration erupted as he searched for a way over to her.
"Geddovereerepussy!" he slurred.
"McManus! Stop chasing her! Shiv! Attack him!"
The Frother's overheated brain didn't register the call, and Shiv ignored him and anything else as she swung like a gymnast, showing off her body and athletic as the camera kept going despite the protest. Her feet went up, and up higher, pausing a moment when she was inverted, her nipples poking out under bright lights. The Frother was watching, drooling, bouncing on the balls of his feet grumbling and shouting in frustration before he ran around the platform, rattling the metal framework beneath his weight. Shiv swung twice more before launching to the next swing, snatching the bar, swinging again, and grabbing hold of one of the poles leading to the ground. She spun on her momentum, the bright metal clutched between her thighs.
"Huntershunt,Frother," she purred. "They do not always catch."
He lifted the front of his kilt in pure defiance, teeth bared like hers. "Same back, Hot Lips. Hunt me. 'Less ye wanna show throat now!"
The she-Wraith cracked a smile then let herself slide down toward the stage. McManus followed on the nearest pole, more free-falling than sliding, his kilt flying up and he bellowed on his way down, landing with a thundering boom on the platform. Off-stage there were quite a few delighted squeals.
"Shiv! Shiv!"
That angry voice again.
"Stop running!"
The Wraith taunted the Frother, sprinted ahead of him, leading him around the stage twice. Tunnel-visioned, he chased her, more noise in the background, and failed to slow when she grabbed one dance pole to swing around and slam her feet into his chest, stopping him cold.
But not for long.
"Ffffffuck!" he wheezed, getting up. The chase resumed, and the second time he fell for that tetherball-to-the-head trick, he bent the pole when his head connected with it. McManus kept getting back up because that's what Frothers did. Some guy kept trying to talk to the Wraith; the prick only just jumped out of their way as they sped past.
"Damn it, Shiv, quit the pillow fight! UV doesn't last!"
Shiv turned more than once to face the Frother. Her eyes were lucid; she ignored the voice coming off-stage, refrained from using her claws or her teeth on him, and she evaded McManus all over the stage. She made sure she could connect on an attack before making a move, while the Frother went wildly, entertainingly berserk and kept her on the move. The alien was the better at hand-to-hand, but she grew tired, unable to leave the studio as she was locked in this contest with him.
Meanwhile, McManus was starting to feel some of the pain. He made a sound at the next hit that gave it away, even though he returned the swing and connected. He kept going. Whoever still stood at the end was all that mattered.
"Fuck. We're out of time, Mr. Kurtis."
"Hey, Operatives, this is a porn shoot, remember?!" bellowed the man.
"Sir?! Do we cut?"
"No," he growled. "Keep going. We'll fix it in post. Get to fucking, SLOps! You're under contract!"
They both heard the voices but only Shiv at last acted on them. She blocked several punches, deflecting the Frother's fists before he could fracture a bone—his or hers. She backed up, leading him on until she was close to the bed. Then she lunged in, seized McManus around his broad chest, and heaved them both backward, toppling them into the mattress. She rolled so that she was on top, straddling him, and used her thighs to bunch the fabric of his kilt up past his hips and expose him while they held each other's arms in a mutual lock.
McManus' bloodshot eyes met Shiv's blood-red, seeing through his diminishing drug-haze that she had all the self-control at this moment. A small but calculating, feline smile registered in his brain, and the Wraith gave enough ground to break the arm lock, bring her hands up, and dig her claws into his chest, causing red blood to well up.
"Fuck!" McManus barked. That stung!
She might have raked down, might have ripped him open had she been in a killing lust, but instead she swiveled her hips, lodged his glans in her slit, and sat straight down on his cock, engulfing it.
"F-Fuck!"
No pain now, but by the high, there was pleasure!
The she-Wraith screamed just like he'd heard in her video as she rutted herself on him. The shrill, grating call didn't startle him this time but made his cock throb and ache; he got even harder inside her. He smelled her again; she enveloped him, stroked his length again and again. He was frothing at the mouth and he only wanted to fuck, and fuck some more!
Wanted to go full-on wild on her.
She can take it.
He wasn't in a dorm. He wasn't with a Clan-brother's sister.
Fuck, yes!
He thrust up, but she held him down any time he tried to change positions.
Fuck.
She restrained him when he tried.
Fuck!
Used him like meat.
Get off me!!
A last, UV-laden surge of power flooded his body as he broke her hold and gripped her arms. He gained his heels again and pushed up, this time he launching her up like a catapult while maintaining his grip, hauling her sideways. He threw her off him by sheer force and his wet prick complained, but he knew he'd be back inside very soon. The she-Wraithcouldhave fled from the bed. Shecouldhave gained her feet, been ready to meet him again like so many times before. She had those instants.
She didn't take them.
She paused just long enough.
McManus grabbed her ankle and pulled her toward him, throwing his weight onto her to hold her down and yanking his kilt up and out of the way. She screeched loudly, whether in lust or anger, he couldn't tell; he didn't care. He felt claws sink into his back, breaking skin, dragging down. She opened gashes as she opened her legs, wrapping them around his waist.
He took it as permission.
He took her. Balls deep. So good.
McManus forgot the camera and crew once again; he forgot the Shaktar and the receptionist; forgot the director and the contract. For a few blissful moments, he only knew the intense pleasure, her amazing heat, her unique scent. Shiv didn't try to throw him off; she growled and purred enticing in his ear; it wasn't his name, but it spurred him on as he fucked her, good and rough.
She could take it.
At one point he raised himself onto his elbows, their sticky chests cooling off as he gained better leverage to keep the punishing pace. He paused when she captured his eyes again. That small smile appeared once more, then she slowly turned her head to one side, away from the camera. She held the position, offering him her throat. McManus didn't think. He leaned down to kiss and bite her velvety neck as she had him an hour before.
"I don'tfuckingbelieve it," Kurtis hissed.
"Jamesss," Shiv hissed, where no one but him heard her.
There was no way on Mort that the Frother remembered to pull out before he came inside her.
"Fffuck! Ah, f-fuckin' bloody—GAH!"
Nothing but lights behind his eyes, and the final, mind-blowing rush.
"Hold still! Hold it right there, McManus! Don't you dare move, Shiv! Stay!"
The Frother lay atop the Wraith, spent and barely able to move regardless as the wave of drug-induced power abruptly receded. He was only partly aware of Shiv struggling and growling as the two Shaktar forcibly pulled her claws out of the Frother, pinning her arms to the bed; her muscles bunched and flexed beneath him as he held himself inside her.
"Okay, okay, draw out slow, McManus, let us get some good proof you got her."
What?
"McManus. McManus! Listen to your direction, for Slayer's sake!"
More bumbling which they'd probably have to "fix in post" as James struggled onto his knees, only with help from the techies. One of them grabbed his kilt to make sure it didn't cover the view of his dick, softening slowly, numb now because of the UV, and pulling out of the Wraith's pussy. A mess of creamy fluids lathered up between them now spread over her lavender thighs and swollen, well-fucked alien pussy.
"Release me," Shiv hissed at the Shaktar, who didn't respond.
"Push some of that human cum out, Shiv, come on," Kurtis said, peering intently over the mobile cameraman. "Give us something to work with, and I'll give them that order."
Shiv snarled, and James flopped onto his back on the bed, aware the camera was close and in between the Wraith's legs. The only ones paying attention to him were the techies making sure he didn't fall of the bed. He was coming down fast, knew it was going to be a hard crash, and he noticed for the first time how many bright red smears and streaks there were on the sheets, and on him. And on his partner. Covering her claws and fingers down to her knuckles.
How long had they been fucking?
His thoughts were bleary. His back was on fire.
Did it work? ...What happened?
The only answer was his roiling stomach.
"Bloody shit," James croaked.
Intense dizziness swept over him as rolled over to the side of the bed and vomited onto the stage, splashing the techies' shoes.
^^^^^
Shiv was clean and dressed, hair still damp from what had probably been the coldest shower he could imagine, when she stepped outside her dressing room. Her entire body except for head and hands was now covered in a slim, black coolant suit, she wore boots instead of running shoes, and she had enough equipment to handle any BPN in Mid-town. She even had a motorcycle helmet hooked to her pack. James had been waiting for her and had picked up an umbrella from the gift shop.
Shiv stopped to see him. "McManus. You are still here? It has been hours."
He shrugged. "Had to be debriefed, same as you. Wanted to hear how it went."
She paused in front of him, visibly took in his scent—she didn't wrinkle her nose—and then jerked her chin toward the door. "Walk with me."
Neither spoke until they were outside. They had the ever-falling rain as background noise. James held the umbrella for them.
"Hey, look, uhm, first," he began. "I'm sorry for how they treated you. There at the end. Holding you down like that. I know you hated it."
Shiv nodded once. "I did, McManus, but I won. I killed no one, and I am still an Operative. I did not wound you critically, nor you me. That director got what I believe you call... sloppy seconds?"
"Hmph," James smirked. "I guess so." He paused. "That mean what I think it means? You don't have to do another shoot for them?"
Shiv's jaw was still swollen from one of the times he'd punched her on set; she hadn't taken any healing drugs yet and he was amazed how well she walked. He had already taken something, or he'd be one big, limping bruise after throwing himself around like a cannonball. Her smile looked a little strained from discomfort, but it was a smile, James could be certain. She wasn't showing teeth.
"Correct, I do not. My financier forced them to discharge my service when I told him what you and I knew. They tried, but he defended both of us. There is no breach this time."
"Yeah?" James looked at the damp sidewalk, thinking. "Your financier. Can't say I remember his name. Cage probably does."
"Tom. Tom Phalanx." Shiv handed him a business card without his asking; he got the feeling she was mimicking what she'd seen. "You were right, McManus. I should have told him sooner. He would have thought of what you did. Thank you. The ASC got their fight. They got their Frother on Ultra Violence, and their Wraith-in-heat mating scene. And I received my pay."
"Uhh, yeah. So did I. Plus, another offer to do another movie."
"Have you accepted?"
"Not yet."
Shiv nodded as they kept walking. "You bested me on camera. My reputation is now yours."
"You let me 'best' you," he protested.
The Wraith shrugged. "Result is the same. My 'fans' will be disgusted, but others will take to you. Franc Bouvard will pursue you as a novelty on the Channel. Do with it what you wish."
James was keenly aware then that their own deal had been nothing more than a word while he was drunk in the Sinkhole, and they'd never really reaffirmed it. Not verbally, and he had no recourse if she decided to go back on it. Depending on what happened next, he might return Franc Bouvard's call, might meet with him again.
He drew breath to ask, but Shiv interrupted him.
"What is your deposit code, McManus?"
Part of his brain went still, as if afraid a light would come on and scare all the roaches away. He pulled out his Oyster, tapped and flipped through to the right screen, and showed her. She pulled out hers, tapping with the precise tip of her thumb claw; it seemed she only glanced at his screen for a couple seconds before typing in the unique, complicated string of characters without error. James got a notification and looked at the message.
He almost choked. "You said ten thousand."
She shrugged, again smiling. "A bonus, for the dressing room. You are a 'good fuck,' James. Perhaps another time when we are not being recorded. My financier has your number, you have his."
The Frother felt his face heat in a fierce blush. Just the second time she called him by his first name. Shiv watched his reaction but said nothing on it. She gestured toward one of the garages as she stopped.
"My bike is parked in there. I am afraid it holds only one."
"Hey, no problem." He glanced at his screen again. The creds were still there. "I'll catch a cab."
Shiv nodded and left without a word. Apparently, their deal and conversation were finished. In a Clan girl, James would be expected to try to guess what this meant. Now, he figured if the Wraith needed anything again, she'd just ask like she did before.
Perhaps another time, she said.
Shiv would go into heat again.
Don't think I'm opposed.
On the way back to his House, James kept checking his balance, half-expecting to hear from the ASC that he didn't have a right to it and would find an excuse to deduct it from his account. He never had this many credits at once. It seemed thin as smoke on his screen, just a few digital numbers.
I hafta use this while I can.
EPILOGUE
"Good fer you, son!"
Douglas Trevor-McManus, one of the elder Clan Fathers, clapped James' back hard, testing if he would topple forward; he'd been ready and absorbed the impact.
"Thank you, Father."
The grey, unpainted dreadlocks were an ancient, hopeless mess and his haggard face looked like Hell had tromped over it in cleated steel-toes, but his House dress was clean and formal, and his boots were new and polished.
"Yep. I love t'see our boys and girls find their way through the system. Couldn't be prouder to sponsor yer relatives, now that ye proved yerself and made us look good."
James smirked, thinking over who his friends were and how it was still changing. "You must be in the minority, Father."
"Oh, piss on 'em, kid." Another stinging slap to the back. "Ye took a risk and did right by yer blood. I don't give a bleedin' sod how ye did it. You're top-tithin' fer the next six months at least, there will be two less teat-suckers in Downtown bein' productive among us, an' you have opportunities those other kids don't. Be smart about it, you might even get to bemyage! HA!"
There was a betting pool on how old Douglas really was. Most didn't think it was over forty.
They were waiting at the Gauss station where his mother and sister were supposed to meet him. James was nervous as fuck, waiting to see them not show up, figuring something would happen to them at the last minute. Detained at the Wall, because he had missed something in the paperwork. Mugged by street punks or caught by the Skin Trade. Hit by the car of some rich exec on one of the exchanges, who would get off scot-free.
"Relax, kid, relax."
A squeeze to his shoulder instead of a pound on the back. Father Douglas had contacts who were feeding him good news; James hoped it was true.
When the train finally did appear, and when they were sitting in the seats they were supposed to be, James felt like he'd taken a hit of some new drug. They were dirtier than he remembered, and malnourished. But they were alive, and they'd made it.
"Jamie!" Patricia Callgahry's voice was hoarse and loaded with emotion. "Jamie, oh thank Mr. Slayer! It's true!"
Yes. It was true. Three years, and all it took was one porno.
Worth the signing.