One of the most frequently asked questions from my email group is "Have you ever slept with Cassidy/Are you going to share that story?" I always answer the same way, we are just friends but its complicated. Our friendship is one of blurred lines and this story will highlight that a bit. This story I have never shared with the email group mostly because some things should be a mystery. I am sharing it here because I wanted to surprise Dee. She usually gets my stories ahead of time but this one will post without warning and will be about her. Just because I like keeping you guessing girl. Enjoy.
************************
Soon after becoming sexually active my masturbation habits went through the roof. I was constantly trying to explore my body and find new ways to stimulate myself. I watched and read porn almost as much as I did any regular reading. I spent most days in a haze of sexual energy from edging, teasing and my newfound hobby online role playing. I managed to find a few people who enjoyed crafting stories out of ideas with the most basic of framework and expand on it as we each took turns sending each other paragraph's of the story. It was insane how much time I spent crafting those words and waiting for responses.
One of those stories an anonymous internet "friend" and I worked on involved two sisters that enjoyed a game of masturbating in risky places trying to out do the other. I will admit it was a bit on the taboo side of the house but it was all fictional so why not. During my day I found myself wondering where my character would get off next to out do her equally adventurous sister. It didn't take long before my imagination stopped showing the made up character and it showed me doing this risky public pleasure sessions which led me to ask myself if I really wanted to try it.
Of course I did, but lets be real here getting off in church while pretending to sing in the choir wasn't quite feasible for me. The fear of getting caught was one thing but the possibility of actually getting caught terrified me. So, I shelved the idea for a while preferring to stick to the safety of my own home in my bed where I could let loose and let my fingers walk me to my destination.
A month or so later Cassidy my best friend was in town which always meant a good time. As per usual she crashed in my apartment and she forced me to engage in late nights of drinking and laughter. As an avid reader of my stories and the curator and admin for my email list she of course wanted to know what I was working on. I was exploring a lot of kinks with James while he played as my sexual Sherpa letting me figure out what I liked and didn't which made for good reading but repetitive.
"I love this James guy and I don't know why you don't let me meet him but what's next?" She poked pouring another shot.
"You don't get to meet James because I don't want things to get complicated. We aren't friends like that we just have sex a lot." I laughed feeling giggly thanks to the bourbon she picked up on her way in.
"But he likes you though, I mean its obvious right?"
I waved off her remark grabbing the shot and picking it up for a toast. She was right, he did like me but I didn't want a relationship it would have complicated my overall goal of sexual freedom. We made sure to tell each other when we had sex elsewhere and got regular checkups and I felt how weird it was the first time I turned him down for a newer partner.
"To the next thing!" She proclaimed louder than required hitting our glasses together and downing the shot.
"Do you have any sex toys?" I knew the answer or more accurately I assumed the answer but I hadn't quite let go of the idea of public masturbation and decided I might need something faster than my fingers.
She coughed a bit surprised by my question while she was focused on the chips and salsa.
"Uh duh? What kind of woman do you take me for? Don't you have some?" Her face made me feel stupid because I didn't and she saw it.
"What the hell! Seriously? Not even like a little vibe?" The amount of drama she was bringing to these simple questions was way over the top but such is my girl.
"No, not even a vibe. Sometimes I look online for some but never order anything. I don't know what half the shit does and most of it is a lot. Like why do I need ten vibration settings?"
She immediately burst into laughter bringing me along with her while we imitated jackhammer noises. Laughter turned into tears as the jokes got more and more vulgar one upping our power tool references and what it must mean about you if you needed all that to get off. When we finally calmed down remembering I lived in an apartment and had neighbors she poured another shot told me to hang on and got up heading to my room. I imagined she was just using the bathroom but she came back with her hands behind her back.
"This is one of those moments where I tell you not to get weird on me." She said sitting down awkwardly with her hands behind her back. I did in fact have a tendency to get "weird" as she put it but she shocked me so often I don't know how she expected me to react.
"Let me guess you are a jackhammer kind of girl and you have Tim the Tool Man Taylor's workbench behind you." I responded making us both erupt into laughter.
"Oh my god, ok look." She pulled a towel from behind her setting it on the floor and unrolling it revealing four phallic shaped objects with varied size and realism.
"Uhm wow that's a lot!" I said reaching for the one that looked most like a real dick before stopping.
"Are these clean Dee the builder?" I smirked to an extreme eye roll making us laugh once more.
"Yes, they are clean pick one up drama queen!"
I picked up the beige colored dick that was roughly maybe seven inches but skinny. It had veins on it and was very flexible so of course I wiggled it around in her face laughing. When she tried to swat it is when I noted the flared end under the fake set of balls.
"A suction cup, what for?"
"Haha, you can stick it to something and ride it like your floor or a wall. Personally, this one is my shower buddy." She said taking it and slapping it down on my coffee table and slapping it showing it stay secured but flop around.
I immediately pictured my friend in the shower backing up against it and against her advice as usual I got weird.
"Ok I haven't had enough to drink for this." I said averting my eyes only to end up on the other three devices in front of me.
"No, no, no How are you such a deviant and such a prude at the same time! Yes, I masturbate just like you do I just use toys girl relax!" She handed me the poured shot and we both put them back quickly and I decided to just accept this was going to happen.
"Now this one is fun and discrete, good for travel." She said picking up a smaller slim vibrator with a bit of a curve on the tip. She turned the bottom and it began to vibrate making me jump.
"See feel!" She handed it to me and it felt powerful like it would rattle my bones.
"Is this like normal or super strong?"
"Nope that's your most basic, it seems like a lot until you use it. Once it goes inside its not as loud and the vibrations feel amazing. With the end you can hit the G spot perfectly." She said making a penetrating gesture.
My over active imagination was sending me very graphic images of my friend. It made me think of her reading my stories using these toys. I was lost in thought as she explained the next two, maybe it was a fantasy. I saw her in bed with backing up on the suction cup dick while staring at her computer letting my words. I heard her explicit moans, saw her breast swaying while she rocked back and forth slowly imagining James working me over at the same pace. I felt my face heat up and my lip snug between my teeth.
"Uh earth to Belle? You ok?" Her hand in front of my face waving brought me out of my trance.
"Yeah I am cool just, I just, drank too much." I replied feeling embarrassed.
"Oh, shit don't puke on me tonight I really don't want to clean puke."
"I won't, I won't." I tried to laugh it off.
"Well...if you want to take one of these tonight like I said they are clean. In the morning we will go to a shop and get you some." She asked arching an eyebrow. I knew she wouldn't settle for no and I also knew I wouldn't use it, I couldn't. So instead I decided to challenge her.
"So, you want me to use a toy you've already cummed on, girl please." I laughed and waved her off glad she responded with laughter as well.
"You right, you right we will just pick you something up in the morning."
With that the conversation shifted, an hour later we went off to bed. Two more shots, a shower, and a whole slew of non-sexual conversations later and there I was in bed horny and thinking about Cassidy. I tried to just go to bed I really did but my body called for more. I wondered if she was on the couch using one of those toys right now. I wondered if she always did when she came to visit, why else would she bring all those toys she had to be using them. My mind drifted to her long showers, how hard it was to wake her up in the morning and how she always found excuses to take mid-day naps.
Putting the pillow over my face I tried to put the thoughts out of my mind but they kept coming back. I opened my last email I sent out to the group and re-read it playing the scene out in my head the first time James let me work on various positions of me on top. My riding skills needed work but I read my words thinking of how it felt to bounce on his dick while he moaned under me. I let my hand slip into my pajama bottoms slowly finding my clit, going over the words and enjoying the stimulation.
I got to my favorite part reading about how he came from me simply rolling my hips in his lap slowly rising and falling. How it felt to have my hands on his chest feeling his heart race while his dick spasmed inside me filling me. I loved cum and more especially loved the feeling of a man cumming inside me. I picked up the pace with my fingers meeting no resistance gliding over my clit when she popped into my mind. My brain fed me images of my best friend doing the same thing laying in bed thinking of me, wishing it was her. I imagined her on my couch writhing right then satisfying her inebriated lusts. I came immediately.
The amount of shame I felt was immense, I just got off thinking about my best friend, a woman I had known almost my whole life. I put away the story and began writing myself questions I could try to answer when I was sober, I couldn't just go to sleep without working some of this out. I ended up with five questions to get to the bottom of these feelings. Once I finished writing them down I reluctantly left the safety of a writing space, put my computer to the side and eventually passed out.
The next morning, I avoided the notepad in which I wrote the questions trying to put it all out of my mind. I did fairly well until after we ate and she proclaimed she found a store nearby we could visit to buy me some toys. I protested the idea and she of course wore me down until I was in the car and she was making up songs about me getting sex toys. I couldn't help that I was indeed curious about getting toys and I did want to have someone that knew about them to go with but her constant teasing was going to make this a nightmare.
"Look! Dee I need you to relax a bit!" I tried using my stern voice but faltered and sounded whiny.
"Ok, ok, I'm just excited helping you cultivate your inner freak is all. I will tell you what, I will chill and make this a very easy and educational trip but you have to allow me to purchase two things for you with no protests. Deal?" She parked and looked at me waiting for me to concede to her deal while I stared at the front of the store full of mannequins wearing wigs and lingerie.
"So I agree to let you buy two things that I cant have any say in or you make this a tease fest. Why are you my best friend again?" I exhaled.
"Because I slapped big Anne Jenkins in the sixth grade for making fun of your glasses." She laughed undoubtedly recalling the memory.
"Fine lets get this over with." I couldn't help but smile even though I was rolling my eyes at her. My phone started to go off as I exited the car. I pulled it out of my pocket more concerned with the outfits these plastic ladies were wearing. I considered getting one to wear for James but I didn't want him to get the wrong idea. Although it would make for a nice surprise.
I looked down at my phone as we walked in and Dee was busy greeting and subsequently shooing off the lady behind the counter. It was a reminder I didn't remember setting to work on the list from last night.Damn! Ok drunk Belle clever move.I looked up to see Dee beaming from ear to ear standing in front of a wall of skimpy outfits in plastic bags, no doubt imagining what would look good on me. Again that uncomfortable weird feeling crept over me, I exhaled and pushed it down as best I could and opened the list. The first question was simple,Are you sexually attracted to Dee?
I walked over to her and joined her staring at the wall and making remarks about what would look good on who trying to remain natural while also taking an actual look at my friend in a sexual light. I have always thought she was a beautiful woman. Physically she has the physique I would desire in a woman, she has the attitude and she has the brain to keep me interested long term hence why we are friends. Maybe an inch or so taller than me, two shades darker than me and a comfortable thickness, nobody would ever call her fat but she had ass and hips for days. Her work was very physical so that kept her in shape without having to go to the gym but the question was if I was sexually attracted to her.
We ventured around the store with her doing a remarkable job of making it less awkward explaining things and kinks she wanted to try and being vulnerable about things she was too nervous to attempt. It seems neither of us were ready for whips and chains but handcuffs seemed acceptable. Most of it was good for a laugh. Making it to the section of DVD's we scanned through titles picking things up in a mini contest of who could find the raunchiest kink. I learned very quickly I should never let my good friend see my porn history because in truth she was a bit more closed minded to things than I.
"Who still even buys DVD's? The internet is full of free porn." She said looking at the back of "Brazilian Bubble Butt volume 9."
I laughed "I mean they are still here so someone has to be making money off of them right?" I cautiously eyed a DVD themed around "cumsluts" and made a mental note to do further research or maybe come back and get the DVD. I laughed at myself,I was the type of person that would buy a DVD that had 6 straight hours of curated content!
"C'mon the toys are over here, we will take a look and then go get baskets and start shopping." Her eagerness was not lost upon me but I did like her plan of taking a lap around the store before picking things up, it gave me time to digest the things I was learning.
We made our way over to a wall that had an overwhelming amount of toys in an overwhelming amount of sizes. We both stood just staring at the various dicks and dick like shapes in front of us for a moment before the woman that worked there walked up behind us.
"Can I help you girls find anything?" She asked making us both jump and then laugh.
She was a bit older but obviously used to wide eyes and sex toys which I found entertaining. I was effectively about to buy my first sex toy from a woman that could have been my mother.
"Not quite yet actually, we are still in the "looking phase" we plan to circle back around for the "what do we actually want phase." Dee expertly handled the situation once again making me appreciate that she was here after all.
"Oh of course I completely understand, let me know if you have questions." She replied before walking back to the front of the store.
We both giggled like idiots before facing the wall again.
"Some of these are absolutely huge, like how can you take that monster thing up there and still find pleasure in sex?" I asked pointing at the "Mega Meat foot long black dick" on the wall.
"Girl I do not know, I still gotta get married one day I cant be out here all loose."
"RIGHT!" We both erupted into laughter.
We worked our way down the wall where things got more manageable and a little less intimidating. I eyed a package that was perfectly named "My first vibe" it was slim about six inches and straight. Probably the least exciting thing on the wall but I decided it was my first choice.
"I'm getting this one." I said pulling it from the wall turning it over reading the back.
"Not a bad choice! Simple, elegant and discrete. Let me grab a basket since we are picking things." She said walking off to the front of the store coming back with a basket with something already in it.
"What did you find?"
"Oh, I figured this little thing here would be useful to have for your adventures." She replied pulling out a much larger dick that she strung through a harness.
"See you wear it when you are with your special lady." She teased draping it across her jeans pretending to thrust.
I laughed at her obscene gesture and waved her off. In retrospect I wish I had responded better while in that moment I had not discovered sex with women but Dee recently ventured down that path and my response made her less than enthused to tell me about it. I know it seems lopsided that I tell her just about everything when it comes to my sex life and she hid things but years later I would learn my adventurous spirit intimidated my mostly vanilla friend.
I went back to scanning the wall noticing the anal toys wondering if it was something I would be into while she went and put the strap on back. I was a bit embarrassed when she walked up behind me.
"Oh I didn't know you were into butt stuff."
"Oh I mean I haven't tried anything but I dunno." I stammered.
"Its cool, not my favorite but I have tried it a few times. Just make sure you use lots of lube, go slow and find a guy smaller than James." She laughed digging back in the basket for the things she picked up along the way.
My eyes went wide thinking of even attempting to take him back there. He never showed any interest in doing anything like that and I was far from ready from bringing it up but it was another thought I would file away for later.
"Ok so you get to pick which one of these you get as my first gift to you. This one is a set of nipple clamps and this one is nipple suction. I don't know if clamps will good hurt but I'm sure they will hurt at least a little, suction seems more your speed." She beamed holding both boxed in front of her.
I am not sure why in that moment I saw it but she knew me better than I pretended to acknowledge. It was a weird thing to have an emotional response too but I felt love for my friend in that moment and question one was answered probably along with the rest. I wasn't sexually attracted to her I loved her and the rest was just me being nasty.
"Ill take suction and good first pick, maybe this wont be so bad." I smiled looking over the box actually quite excited to try them out. I dropped the box in the basket and proceeded to look at the display to our right that had "massagers" you could turn on and play with.
As per her new habit my companion disappeared to another part of the store no doubt searching for my next purchase. I turned on the toy in my hand and good lord was it strong, I put it down immediately knowing that it would probably kill me if it came into contact with anything between my legs. In my hurry to put it down I didn't actually turn it off so it vibrated like crazy on the display shaking a few things off their display stands. I frantically started trying to catch the run away toy along with putting things back while it buzzed so loud I felt the stores next door would see my shameful juggling. After replacing everything I looked around to see the woman at the front counter simply smiling and Dee laughing her ass off walking up to me.
"You couldn't have been more hilarious if you had a laugh track to back it up!"
"That thing was insane it shook the whole stand how the hell can anyone use it!" I replied still a bit flustered and embarrassed.
"Try not to break anything those things are expensive. Ill be back I was coming to rescue you but seems you got it under control." She laughed all the way around the corner while I backed away from the stand.
I managed to find one of the suction cup dildo's like the one Dee had but refused to entertain the idea of having one until I remembered the stories of the sisters getting off in risky places in risky ways. I imagined sticking it to a wall somewhere semi public, pulling up my dress and fucking it in secret. I tried to nail down a scenario I could actually do and my imagination fed me a long day at work. I am usually one of the last people out of the office, what if I stuck it to the lid of the toilet and rode it there? It was risky yet low risk, would let me practice riding and would be suitably freaky. I picked one and dropped it in the basket.
With a new plan in mind I went searching for more public play items. I logged a lot of things for later consideration but found a vibrator with a freaking remote! It was perfect, simply put the little egg inside and the remote took care of the rest I could literally get off anywhere! The price tag was a little steep but I was too excited to care. I dropped it in the basket and turned around to find Dee behind me with her hands behind her back and a full mischievous smile.
"Soooooo, gift number two!" She pulled her hands out showing me a pink and clear vibrator with an attachment on top.
"Uh what is THAT."
"Not quite a jackhammer but jackhammer light." She laughed handing me the package.
"The head rotates so it hits everything, it has a few vibration modes and the part on top are bunny ear clit stimulators and its on sale!"
"You sound like an infomercial, like a really slutty late night infomercial." Reading the package was a myriad of features I was nowhere near ready for but I agreed and dropped it in the basket.
"Whoa! You've been busy I see!" She grabbed the basket and picked up the suction cup.
"I knew you liked this." She teased before dropping it back in and finding the remote controlled vibe.
She looked at it and then at me not saying a word but making a knowing face making my own face hot.
"Okayyy miss thing okay." Was all she said before I directed us to the checkout.
I spent the rest of the relatively normal day in my head fantasizing about when and where I could use my new toys. Dee was supposed to be in town several more days and I was hesitant to try them out with her around, I liked to get loud on my own. I started to write down ideas of when and where I could begin my public play. As distracted as I was I thought she didn't notice but I was sadly mistaken.
"You want me to leave for a while, you have been out of focus since we left the store and that was hours ago?"
"No, no I am fine just thinking a lot about all the toys." I laughed trying to down play it.
"Look I get it. You are excited and this is all new and me being here kind of puts a cramp in that."
"No, Dee you came all this way to hang out with me I'm not kicking you out to play with toys we are going to dinner!" I felt like a crap friend she was right I wasn't focused and we rarely got to spend time together since she worked out of town.
"I'm just saying I get it "Miss Belle" feeling nasty." She laughed using my pen name to tease.
I figured I should be up front to dig myself out of the crap friend hole and told the truth.
"I am feeling nasty, I am excited and want to try my stuff but I get loud girl and you don't want to hear all that." I tried to laugh realizing I should have phrased my honesty better I didn't know what she actually wanted.
"I have read every detail about probably every sexual exploit you have had trust that I know how you get. We will get dinner and then you can do your thing and I will wear my headphones, deal?" Her shrugging off my nerves didn't make me feel any better but I agreed none the less. I figured I would just lay in bed and text her I was done, easy.
We made it to dinner making sure she had my undivided and things were normal. One of our favorite seafood places was calling our name and we prepared to drink and chow down. I preferred getting places early Dee like to arrive "on time" which usually was ten minutes late. So when we got to the restaurant we had to wait at the bar because the place was packed.
"See if we would have left when I said we could be sitting down with a plate full of oysters right now." I teased taking my stool knowing what was coming so I went ahead and waved down the bartender.
"Ah no matter I would rather have a few drinks first and plus we are going to have a little adventure."
I turned around slowly hoping it was a poor choice of words and not that she actually planned some nonsense in public. When I met her eyes I was greeted with her mischievous smile.
"C'mon seriously? What happened to after dinner I do what I do and we call it square that was the deal. I don't even want to know what your crazy plan is lets just have a few drinks and dinner and leave all the freaky shit at home." Faced with the possibility of actually doing the things I had been fantasizing about and even planning I was panicking and reduced to a frantic whisper trying to convince my friend not to have us do what I spent all day thinking about.
The bartender showed up in time to cut her off before she spoke and she ordered two long island ice teas. I groaned, this was her get fucked up and do some stupid shit recipe verbatim. Long islands, stupid plan and drag my drunk ass along with her.
"You don't even know what I have in mind and you are acting like your cat died." She sat with her purse in her lap like it contained jewels I knew whatever the plan was it was in her purse and I didn't want to do it.
"I cant, like I really cant. I don't want to know what it is because despite all my emails you KNOW me I cant do things in public places I cant even talk to strangers." For some reason I was still whispering and keeping my head low like the entire place was doing their best to hear me.
"I know you, I know you spent all day thinking about freaky shit to do with your toys and I felt left out so now we are going to do something together." She played this like she already won which scared me the most. The guilt trip laid on hard yet she didn't seem phased by it, fuck she was going to use the trump card.
"Let me guess I have to do this with you because you have the coin in your purse?" I groaned actually placing my head on the bar knowing I had lost.
When we were in the seventh grade she invited me to her birthday at a local coin operated fun land. It was like an off brand Chuck E. Cheese's you play games win tickets get basically worthless prizes. However, as children we had a blast and because she was my first real friend that invited me to a birthday party I kept a single coin to remember the day. Time passed and I traded my coin to her for a chance to wear one of her dresses to school. More time and she traded it back to help cheat on a test. It became a binding agreement, whoever had it could trade it for whatever they wanted. She currently had the coin and she wanted to play out whatever adventure she had in mind.
"Yes, I was hoping you would be down and I wouldn't have to use it but here it is." She slapped it on the table right as our drinks came out. I took a long sip and she asked for us to have an open tab, double fuck.
I left the coin where it lay, the unwritten rules where that I had to accept the coin. Never had the coin been refused but I seriously debated it. I sighed picking it up and slipping it in my pocket promising myself I would never use it and end this game for good.
"What are we doing?" I conceded as she clapped frantically and giggled reaching into her purse.
"We are going to use one of the toys we got today!" Her volume was alarming and I immediately shushed her realizing I was still hunched down like I was telling secrets.
"What are you talking about and keep your voice down!"
"Well, I liked that remote thing you got so when I went back in the store to go to the bathroom, I bought one too!" She pulled two plastic bags out of her purse each containing one of the egg vibrators and the corresponding remote.
"Are you kidding me, here!"
"Uh yes here Miss Belle. Why do I your best friend never get a chance to hang out with the freaky adventurous girl I read about? It makes me wonder if those stories are even real."
She struck a chord with that one and she knew it. I hated lying and she knew I would never make any of that stuff up for kicks. One of my readers decided to proclaim to all that it was all a scam long before we learned to blind copy everyone. That individual decided to try to out me as a fraud and a liar and it was one of the most infuriating things of my life considering I didn't even know who the person was. She was bating me, I knew it then, I know it now but I bit the hook hard.
I sat up in my stool, took a long sip from my tea, snatched the bag out of her hand and stormed off to the bathroom halfway there before I realized I should hide the thing. I didn't even hear what she said when I got up I was so angry at her for trying me and angry at myself for not being truthful to me with the one person that knew me best. Snatching the bag and storming off blew off more steam than expected, by the time I got to the last stall in the bathroom I was nervous again.
I opened the bag and held the egg in my palm and hit the up button once, a very dull hum came from the little egg. I hit it again and it ramped up enough to be heard so I closed my hand around it and hit it a third time. It sounded like a swarm of bees so I frantically hit it again and it stopped.
"Ok, you can do this. Three settings up and down no big deal." I whispered to myself, exhaled, stood and dropped my pants.
My nerves didn't make for a good entry, I had to relax slowly rubbing my clit until I was wet enough to slide the egg inside me. I sat on the toilet feeling it settle in to place hoping it would stay still. I figured out how to squeeze it enough to keep it from slipping out just as I heard the door open and someone walk in. I was terrified, I clutched the remote and closed my legs completely ashamed of what I was doing until I heard whomever it was answer a phone call and begin talking. She was completely oblivious to my existence as a whole much less what was going on in the stall. Hearing her move about and with absolutely no concern about me gave me a bit of confidence, unless it was the half of long island I finished.
I waited until she left and hit the up arrow, the dull throb felt amazing. Just enough tot keep me on edge but not enough to finish me off. I hit the down arrow not daring to venture further, pulled up my pants and left the bathroom. It took me a minute to feel like I wasn't walking funny but I sat down on the stool looking at Dee who hadn't stopped wearing the smile.
"Didn't chicken out I see. Nice, I was getting worried. How does it feel?"
I took two long sips from my long island effectively finishing the ice heavy drink and giving myself a brain freeze. I put my hand up letting it pass noticing I had the remote in my hand the moment she snatched it.
"Wait!" I put both hands up in front of me as if I was surrendering knowing I couldn't handle whatever torture she had in mind.
"I took the coin, I put it in, I am participating in your game. Let me do it at my own pace. I haven't gotten past the first setting." I pleaded with her to be reasonable.
"That's fair, so our table is ready ask her she will take you I already transferred the tab. I going to put mine in." I followed her eyes to the waitress in question relieved she was going to cut me some slack all too early.
I felt the buzzing start right as I began to stand and looked at my friend with her grin tossing the remote into her purse.
"Setting one, see you at the table." She smiled before bounding off to the bathroom with my damn remote!
I sat right back down planning on putting my head down and waiting this whole thing out. I held my face in my hands trying to deal with the low buzz inside of me offering a new kind of stimulation and public humiliation. It felt like everyone could hear it and everyone knew why my panties were soaked and my face was hot. I kept telling myself to breathe when I felt a hand on my shoulder making me jump out of my skin.
"I am so sorry to have scared you, are you Cassidy party of two?" She asked looking more annoyed than apologetic.
"Uhm...yes." Is all I could manage to get out.
"Ok, your table is this way." Her annoyance wasn't my imagination, she must have thought I was drunk.
I did my best to follow her while trying to act normal but every thing I did felt exaggerated. When I smiled it felt forced, faked and too big. When she tried to explain the catch of the day my eye contact felt too extreme, there was no possible way my thighs could get any closer and my vocabulary was all two syllable words. She eventually left me to think on the menu even though I knew what I wanted I just hoped Dee would get back and relieve me from this torture.
This is what I wanted wasn't it? To get off in public like the stories I wrote?Yet in those stories the girls were in control and I was very much not in control of this situation! I pretended to be into the menu and tried to catch my breath and relax, it was beginning to work when the vibrations in the egg shot up. I audibly yelped, jumped and hit my knee on the underside of the table causing the table to shake making all the porcelain and glassware to rattle. It stopped completely just after letting me catch my breath and try to wave off concerned looks.
"That was hilarious!" I hear whispered in my ear right before she crossed my vision and sat down across from me.
"Hilarious! Is this an adventure or a torture session? I am supposed to be enjoying myself Dee and I am sweating over here I am so freaked out!"
"Aight aight relax, Ok that was a little messed up. I just want to have a good time that's all get you to loosen up. You can have the remote in my hand but neither of us leaves this table without getting off promise me that." She reached across the table putting her hand on top of mine trying to calm me down and I reluctantly shook my head. With her other hand she handed me a remote and I quickly placed it in my lap.
"Can we eat at least?" I begged for a reprieve.
"Yeah that's a good point I am starving lets do this." Just like that we were back in the game. One more long island and a gluttonous amount of food and we were both full and happy. It was hard to ignore the object inside me but I warmed up to the idea of having it there quickly. I randomly squeezed it during the meal feeling the pressure enjoying our shared secret.
"You ready for dessert?" Dee asked finishing the last of her drink.
"I don't think I could eat anymore girl I am stuffed." I leaned back in my chair taking up the official position of defeat.
She simply laughed and held up her remote, I reached for the one I had in my lap still unsure about this whole thing but sure nobody would notice.
"You sure we should do this?" I asked watching her finger on the up button.
"I am positive, now on the count of three and no turning it off until we get there."
I held up my remote while she count down and upon three I pressed the button feeling the light hum begin again. I watched Dee's face light up as she covered her mouth giggling and mouthing oh my god.
"This might happen faster than I thought." She said leaning up placing one elbow on the table and half covering her mouth. I couldn't take my eyes off her, feeling the same sensations she was and watching her glance around trying to maintain her composure.
I squeezed my thighs together and exhaled if we were going to do this we were going to do this all the way. I held up my remote and pushed up right as her eyes widened. I braced for the increase in vibration but nothing happened.
"Oh, shit hold on fuck that's a lot!" She groaned gripping the end of the table.
"Dee! You switched the remotes!"
Her eyes began to roll as she struggled against the constant vibration. I saw the waitress heading towards us from behind her and knew this interaction would be up to me.
"I thought.. fuck, I thought it would be more fun this way." She groaned writhing in her seat.
"You ladies need anything else, a dessert perhaps?" The waitress eyed Dee who was attempting to hide her face sand stifle moans.
"No thanks, we uh, are going to finish our drinks and, uhm get the check if you don't mind." I responded making more eye contact than required while she cleared the plates. She left casting another glance at Dee who was doing her best to hide her face.
"Turn mine up so we can get this over with!" I demanded feeling just as sexually frustrated as embarrassed about this whole thing.
She didn't hesitate hitting the up button making me bite my lip trying to remain focused. I felt like my whole body was shaking, the sensation was almost too much yet not quite enough. I was far too used to clitoral stimulation I just needed to touch it but this was not the place. I crossed and uncrossed my legs shifting in my seat looking for the one thing that would push me over the edge.
"Fuck, this is so bad Belle, turn it up again." Her heavy breathing brought my focus back to her struggling just as I was. It sparked an idea, I thought back to the night I got off thinking about her getting off and how it made me feel. If I wanted to get off I had to step this up. I hit down on the remote taking her to a dull buzz.
"You hit down back up, back up." She begged.
I bit my lip. "No."
She leaned into the table "what the fuck do you mean no? We had a deal!"
"You , started this game, mmm fuck, so now we play, you cant get off without me, I cant get off without you." I moaned putting both my elbows on the table looking directly at her. I hit up twice before she could respond bringing her to level three watching her mouth drop and her eyes bulge and then hit it back down to one. The depravity of the situation was getting me closer and closer to my own release. I was getting her off directly not through my words.
"You read all my stories and use all those toys now you want to back out when it's my turn to play? You wanted Miss Belle you got her Dee."
She hit the up on mine giving me level three and all my bravado was gone. I was reduced to a writhing mess. I was going to cum right there at the table in front of all those people.
"Oh god Dee let it stay." I frantically whispered taking my turn begging.
She just watched me, she watched me writhe and stifle moans. I closed my eyes pretending the whole restaurant knew and was watching me be controlled by my best friend. Picking up the napkin I chewed on one end using it to block my audible moans as I came trying to hold back the visibility of the intense orgasm crashing over me.
"Offoffoffoff..pplease." I begged until the vibrations subsided. I looked down at my pants I was glad I chose a darker color.
"That was fucking amazing!" Dee struggled to whisper due to her excitement.
I looked around and saw people minding their own business much to my dismay and relief. For some reason in that moment I wanted to be caught and exposed as the girl getting off in public. Regardless, it was time to take care of Dee. I was pretending to check my surroundings when I surprised her with the double tap bringing her back to three.
"SHIT!" She was loud and immediately clasped her hands over her mouth and tried to wave off the table next to us with a mock apology.
I giggled to myself and watched the show still basking in the glow of my own relief. I watched trying to take in every detail, how her eyes darted around even while they were closed and how her knuckles were straining from the fist she made. I watched her struggle, in truth it was beautiful. I imagined what she must look like reading my stories, how she would look if she wasn't hiding in plain sight. It was about her, I was turned on because she was my friend and this was way out of the norm. I wasn't attracted to her I was attracted to the idea of the blurred lines of our relationship. I smiled enjoying the pressure off my mind and seeing her come close. I reached out my hands to her getting her attention. She placed her hands in mine gripping them looking in my eyes. Hers were strained and dilated, mine had to be calm and reassuring. I whispered three words that sent her over the edge and blurred the lines as it were forever between us.
"Cum for me."
xx
Belle