The adults in this long, multi-chapter story are immoral, amoral, oversexed, clueless, swingers, and sometimes cuckolds; don't expect any heroes or saints - this is about messed up, mixed up sinners. If that ain't your cup of tea, just cruise on by. Don't read it and be offended; you have been warned.
No one under 18 is involved in sex in this entire story, parts of which could go in Loving Wives, Novels, Nonconsent/Reluctance, First Time, Mature, Anal, and other sections of Lit, but the theme is a year of exploration with others, so it's here in Group Sex -- Orgies, Swingers, and Others.
Long stories require some character development; this chapter is an introduction to some of the main characters.
December 19: Men Plan, the Gods Laugh
Football season in Texas is long, tiring, stressful, and hard on coaches and their wives. We certainly deserved a big night out now that it was finally over, albeit prematurely. Prematurely because anything less than a state championship for this young but talented team would be disappointing, and we came up two wins short.
Sure we were 21-point underdogs to the two-time defending state champions and lost by a missed extra point, but when the head coach got home from the state AAAA semi-final game he found a "For Sale" sign in his yard and a U-Haul brochure in his mailbox.
Fourteen wins for the first time in school history against only one loss did not earn us much goodwill, I guess.
It was going to be a long offseason, even for us assistant coaches, and it's hard to hide in a small town; especially when you're married to a townie, like I am. A few days after the game I'd come down off my season-long adrenaline high, and the letdown started. We spent a couple of hours each afternoon during our normal practice time washing, folding, inventorying, and putting things up, and that fueled my depression about not facing the challenge of preparing for the state championship game. Most of the other varsity coaches were headed to Houston for the game, but I opted out. I needed a break, and I needed to refocus on something besides that damn loss.
My wife of 4 years read the signs, and on Thursday she pressed her boob against me arm and whispered in my ear that our two young sons were going to stay with her mom and dad Saturday night and Sunday "so we can go out and blow off some steam! The Continentals are playing at the fairgrounds dancehall two counties over, and we're going dancing! You know how I love their music! I'm so excited!!"
Her obvious excitement and the insinuation behind being kids-free for two days brought me out of my funk. Envisioning her rockin' and rollin' to the oldies and classic rock for which the Continentals are famous relieved my anxiety, and the thought of holding her tight, curvy body against me as we slow dance gave me a jolt in my crotch.
Unlike me, she is a gifted dancer with a natural sense of rhythm, and the ability to translate the music in her movements. She converted those gifts into a college scholarship, and with a year of training she became the center showgirl and featured dancer on the chorus line of showgirls that made up the hottest dance team any college has, bar none.
She absolutely loves to dance, and nothing turns her on more. Grooving to good music with a big crowd of admirers watching her every move is the best conceivable foreplay, and I'm already daydreaming about the possibilities!
Me? I'm pretty good at most Country and Western dances and slow dances of all type, but rock and roll isn't my forte. Where I'm from, it was C&W all the time, except when we were at The Coast, and then it was surf music and other old-school rock and roll.
The only downer is wondering who will be at a dance featuring music going all the way back to the roots of Rock and Roll in the 1950s? It would seem folks that actually lived during the heyday of rock would be the audience, although my lovely wife and I love it. My concern is: how do you get wild and crazy when everyone else is over 60?
Katy laughed at my concern and assured me the Continentals have a huge following of people our age and even younger, so it won't all be old fogeys. Of course, I don't really care much as long as it puts her in the mood, which has been tough to achieve lately. Actually, that's true for both of us: with demanding jobs, kids, and the intense focus required for coaching in the playoffs, time and energy for true love-making had been relatively scarce.
Looking back, there was probably more to my funk than just losing a football game. She was 25 and I was 26, but we lived like old folks, and had almost since we got married. Any witnesses to our courtship would be shocked by the life we were living now, but there were any number of contributing factors.
Getting pregnant within two weeks of getting married, and then doing it again nine months after our first son was born, combined with both of us teaching in my wife's home town and me coaching three sports, certainly had an inhibiting effect on our sex life.
We rarely went anywhere except to school, church, and family and civic events, and only drank at the parties that the coaches took turns hosting after home games. Unfortunately, the buzz had generally worn off by the time the party ended, and all we wanted was blessed sleep. Contrast that to our courtship and it's no wonder our old friends asked if we had taken vows and lived in a monastery now.
The lone exception since we moved here was a costume Halloween party this fall. It was at the country home of a couple we went to church with, and the couples were almost all in their twenties and thirties, with a few in their early forties. That was one of the few times we'd had alcoholic beverages -- she couldn't drink while pregnant or nursing, and I didn't because she couldn't. Not knowing many of the people before that night gave me an opportunity to meet and get to know a bunch of people Katy knew well, so I was a social butterfly all night. We both danced with others, moved from group to group on our own, and periodically checked in with the other.
That being the first time since our courting days that we had partied, I got to see Katy work the crowd as a married woman rather than a single one, and it was impressive. She talked to everyone, got teased and flirted with and returned the favors, but kept her distance. At least she kept her distance until right before we left; she and an old high school crush had disappeared and his wife was looking for him pretty seriously. They came back in looking a bit nervous: their story was that they "were just looking at the full moon and talking", and she stuck to it even after we left. Did I buy it? Nah -- my Spidey sense says they both looked too nervous.
This weekend, however, had real promise; after all, it was her idea, and we were doing the thing she loves -- dancing to the band and music with which she grew up. She claimed it was all for me, but it was her type of setting, so maybe the sexy vixen I married would magically reappear. Maybe I'd remember how to turn her burners on again. And maybe if we went dancing in a town a couple of counties over, without watchful eyes, we could relax and rediscover our passion. We used to be able to light up the sky and burn up the bed, but that had largely faded to treasured memories, except on those rare and fleeting occasions when the stars aligned.
The lack of sex wasn't about looks: I get looks from women and girls of all ages, and anyone you ask about her will exclaim that she is absolutely gorgeous. Some of her friends say she's prettier now than in high school and college. I can't comment on high school, but maturity has been very good to her in all the right places. We're both in even better shape than when we got married, due to rigorous exercise regimens, careful eating, and the lack of partying. That wasn't entirely by choice: there simply hadn't been opportunities to get loose and let our hair down - until she planned this excursion.
I helped referee the freshman boys' basketball game on Friday, but still got home at 6:30. Our eldest son jumped up from the floor where his mom was reading to him and his baby brother, ran to greet me, and launched himself into my arms. He was an exuberant little boy, joy filled and outgoing -- at lot like his mom when we met. He never met a stranger, and charmed everyone -- again, a lot like his mom. Little brother was charming too, for a 14 month-old, but more reserved. Both were beautiful children, also like their mom.
Supper was waiting on the stove, so we ate and I got on the floor to wrestle and play with them. Time to calm down, their Mom warns at 7:40, so I read a book to both of them while she changes. We tucked them in at eight, and both went to sleep instantly.
She yawned and looked tired, so I volunteered to wash the dishes. By the time I got through and got to the bedroom she was out like a light. I simply stared at her for a couple of minutes in the dark, the light from outside silhouetting her beautiful face and gleaming in her golden hair; she looked like a sleeping angel. I bent and gently kissed her forehead, then beat down my base urges knowing how badly she needs her sleep.
I wonder how the hell I ever ended up with someone so completely gorgeous. "You badly outkicked your coverage" my college coaches and teammates stated emphatically, and every member of the staff here said the same thing, at least a couple of times and in several ways. I didn't resent it because I knew it was true.
I took a quick shower, slipped on some shorts, and got in on the far side of the bed so I wouldn't awaken her. Surprisingly, I also went to sleep immediately, and dreamed sweet dreams.
Saturday, December 20:
1A -- Katy's Plan Comes to Fruition
Well, until the baby awoke about six. I walked into their room to beaming smiles, grabbed them up, and took them down to let them play while I fixed breakfast. We were quiet, but at eight I looked up from my spot on the floor at a vision of tousled hair, sleepy eyes, and white lingerie on the stairs. "Why didn't you wake me up? What time is it?" the vision asked.
The boys greeted her with huge smiles and leg hugs; I answered "Well hello, Sleeping Beauty. I was afraid we were going to have to come up and give you kisses to wake you". She posed with her hip out, beamed, and asked if she smelled her favorite breakfast: oatmeal and bacon. I nodded, and got an affectionate head rub as she walked past. I reached for her leg, but she sidestepped with a giggle and went into the kitchen to eat. We moved in there to be with mommy, and kept playing with cars, trucks, planes, space ships, and some random alien monsters.
After she finished breakfast I told her that she had the day off. The boys and I have our 'boys' day out' planned, so she should just pamper herself. She beamed, told me I was getting luckier and luckier, and called to confirm her beauty shop appointment.
"Talk about wasted money; you at a beauty shop. You can't improve perfection," I say with feeling. She leans over to replace the phone, and holds that pose just long enough that she catches me looking at her lovely legs and fantastic ass when she peers over her shoulder. We smile knowingly, and she goes back upstairs: me watching lustfully, the vision with extra waggle in her walk.
The boys and I had fun all day, including a short shopping trip to purchase more toys, which we had to play with as soon as we got home, and a short nap. Mommy was gone for a long time, but I told them she had to get her haircut, get a mani-pedi, and a massage because we were going to a party tonight. They asked if they were going too, but I assured them this was a party for old people, so they were going to their grandparents; that last part cured the hurt looks I was getting.
Katy snuck in through the back door, slipped upstairs, called out that she would be taking a bubble bath and getting ready for the next two hours. She warned me be ready to go by 5:30 because the dance started at 7:30 and she wanted a good table; I gave her a "Yes, Mam" and laughed at her forcefulness.
The boys and I played in the sunny back yard for a while. Like their mom they had smiles that conveyed their happiness, and laughs that revealed their joy. Their hair was a light blonde, wavy like their mom's childhood pictures, and they were handfuls -- just like her!
At 4:15, I iced down two six packs and took the boys over to see Granny and Grampa. As I pulled up I saw her dad and three of his friends sitting outside drinking a beer, preparing to cook burgers, and visiting. Yes, it was December in Texas, but that just meant the highs were only in the 70s and nights got down to 50, so outside was the place to be.
I took the boys straight inside, shying away from the men because I didn't want to catch hell about the game.
The ladies told me how handsome my boys were, and vowed that they looked like the perfect combination of my wife and me. I thanked them, said my goodbyes and tried to sneak back past the men, who called me over. Surprisingly, perhaps because they were older, wiser, and more fatalistic, they laughed at my discomfort and said not to feel bad, it just wasn't meant to be -- bad calls, bad bounces, and, in a game of inches, we came up a little short.
Besides, we were three touchdown underdogs and dang near won, in spite of our vaunted defense giving up 42 points! My spirits lifted, because as offensive coordinator it was my fourth down call that came up a few inches short -- at least according to the bad spot by the officials. The game film proved we made it, damn it, but there's no replay in high school football until you get to the finals, so here we are sitting at home while our opponent plays for the championship!
They handed me a beer and said to let the little lady have time to get dolled up; apparently they knew all about our plans, but by now probably half the town did; hard place to keep secrets.
I had two beers, laughed along with them as they shared their perspectives on local events, and went back to the house feeling upbeat, hopeful, and excited. The thought of my loving wife planning this night to renew our bond and jump-start our sex life made me anticipate her ethereal presence even more than usual.
A friend who has known her since childhood characterizes her as 'all sweetness and light', which she interprets as meaning she's a good person who shines radiantly and lights people and places up when she appears. I'm not sure what he means, but her interpretation is certainly correct.
Sure enough, when I walk in the stereo is playing Conway Twitty, her favorite kind of sexy music, and she comes down the stairs in the shortest, sexiest little dress I'd seen in 4 years, wearing heels with straps around the ankle. I stare, taken aback by the vision she presents in what appears to be a mini wedding dress! It was solid white satin covered with lace, with lace sleeves. The neckline exposes the top of her luscious breasts, dripping in the center to offer a tantalizing view of the bow in the midst of her dainty lace demi bra, which supports her boobs but doesn't fully hide her areoles when she leans forward. Her honey blonde hair cascading in waves across her bare shoulders further accentuates the swell of her breasts.
The dress is just tight enough to emphasize her tiny waist before flaring over her hips. The hem stopped, modestly, about 3 inches above her knees -- but the last 4 inches were see-through lace, like the sleeves. She's only 5'7", but her slender and shapely dancer's legs look impossibly long when on full display, and they were, indeed, on full display.
She steps off the stairs and pirouettes for me. "Ta da" she exclaims as she finishes her spin, and the skirt flares out, exposing even more leg and a brief glimpse of white lace panties. Lots of people were going to be treated to some very sweet eye candy tonight!
On the other hand, I could take her back to the bedroom and we could skip the foreplay -- I was certainly ready, and she looked like she was too.
I asked her to do it again; she smiled, turned 180, looked over her shoulder, and asked coquettishly asked, "How does my butt look in this dress?" I stared at the round mounds protruding under the satin and lace, but failed to answer.
She broke my trance: "So, that good? I was hoping you'd have that look. Now, where's my drink?"
I continued to gawk while she smirked. I finally managed "Honey, you look stunning!"
I took my eyes off her long enough to go into the kitchen and make her favorite drink, a Colorado Bulldog. I opened a beer for myself, and noticed she had followed me into the kitchen. She twirled again and asked, "So you think I look all right?" I'm sure my eyes and the lump in my jeans had already spoken, but I answered "No, you don't look alright - you look stunningly beautiful! Where did you get that little dress? I sure don't remember seeing that one in the shops downtown."
She laughed. "Not hardly! I found it in Austin weekend-before-last, while you were working on the game plan all day."
I said "I love the heels too, but you always say you don't like to wear heels when we go dancing -- is there a change in plans? Are we just going to finish our drinks, dance to Conway, and go back upstairs, I hope?"
She giggled and said "Down big boy! No, of course not -- I just want to look good for you tonight, and I know you love it when I wear heels with a short dress." I nodded, "Hell yes. Your legs look just phenomenal."
She leaned forward, giving me a good look at her new pride and joys -- her newly endowed "mommy titties", which had grown from a small B cup to full C after two babies. She said "You don't think this is too low cut do you?"
I quickly noted that that her nipples pressed against the satin. Yes, her lovely alabaster orbs were on display, and I could see her quarter-size pink areoles and make out the darker pink nipples, which were surprisingly erect. Enthusiastically, I replied "Oh. Hell. No! You look absolutely perfect!"
She posed, winked, and said "Well, big boy, if you like what you see now, treat me right and you'll really like what you get to see later." OK, this is some really good stuff; my level of anticipation, and my woody, soared.
I slipped up behind her as she took a drink, put my hands on her hips, and kissed her graceful neck. It was a loving kiss, and she purred. My lips worked higher, toward her ear, and I bit gently on her lobe. She purred again. I whispered sweet nothings in her ear, let my hands roam across her flat stomach, and pressed lightly against that magnificent butt with my swollen cock; she pressed back.
Then she caught herself and said "No more hanky-panky before the dance!" I kissed her cheek, turned her mouth to me, and gave her a kiss that showed my true feelings while my hand roamed across the lace and satin covering her luscious butt.
"Baby, I appreciate your response, but we need to go NOW!" she protested.
Had I heeded her demand... but I just picked her up, set her on the island, and kissed her even more passionately. She moaned a little as I ran my hands up under her little dress on the outside of her thighs. When I got to her panties I reached under them and squeezed both cheeks of her butt. She moaned into my mouth and sucked my tongue. I dropped to my knees and began kissing up the inside of her left leg until I finally reached her tiny panties, which matched her dress -- white satin and lace.
I moved to her right leg and repeated. She leaned back on her hands and made little noises with her eyes closed. When I got back to her panties I tugged on them, telling her we should take them off because they were getting wet. She moaned nooooo but raised her hips. I quickly pushed her dress behind her and up around her waist, pulling her panties down until they were hanging on her foot. She looked positively stunning, and my mouth returned to her legs.
My mouth alternating between her silky thighs, I made my way to her sweet pussy. Years of dancing for crowds had taught her to keep herself well groomed, but after she got shaved to have each son, she keeps herself completely bare.
Her little pussy is inviting, with her juices seeping to wet her outer lips. I run my finger down her slit, causing her to inhale sharply, and then groan loudly when I slip it inside. I move my head slowly toward its prize, and then blow on her wetness. She sucks in a deep breath as I lightly lick her lips, which open like a rose as I continue to caress her honey pot with my tongue.
She shouts loudly when my mouth suddenly covers her pussy and begins sucking. She tastes delicious, even more than usual, and she is hot and wet. I tongue her, lick her, and then snake-lick her little clit, which has emerged from its hiding place.
She grabs my head and exclaims, "You bastard! You don't want to go dancing and court me -- you just want to fuck me!!" I continue to caress her clit; she pulls my head into her pussy, and moans when I begin sucking on it. She's close, and I'm working to ensure this night starts with a big bang.
Just before her climax hit, the doorbell rings! Who in the hell could that be? She looks out the window and pushes me backward in a panic, jumps off the counter, pulls her dainty lace panties up, and quickly runs back upstairs! I wipe her juices and lipstick off my face with a kitchen towel, and walk over to pull the door open with a scowl on my face.
I find the newest and youngest coach on the staff, holding a quart bottle of Garrison Brothers Texas Bourbon. I want to kick his ass for bad timing, but calmly ask, "What's up, Randy?" He explains that his girlfriend has gone home to momma, and asks if we would join him for a drink or a few.
I hesitate, and then open the door, thinking it would be okay to have one more before hitting the road, and anxious to see his reaction to my stunning wife. He stepped in, we went into the kitchen, he asked me if I had heard any of the state football championship game scores, which I had studiously ignored, so he began catching me up as I mixed him a drink and got myself a new brew. As I had predicted, the team we almost, and should have, beaten, won by a score of 38-0. Well, shit! Too late now, but damn the luck, and the bad call by the officials!
We went back into the living room. He stopped short when he saw Katy reentering the room, looked her up and down, and turned beet red. I smirked and wanted to tell him she has that effect on pretty much every male, but I just gazed at her again with even greater appreciation.
We all knew he had a big crush on her, which was obvious when we'd invite him and his girl over for a meal, and at the coaches' parties; but he'd never seen her dressed like this before. Sure, she looked great every day at the elementary school, where she taught kindergarten and he taught PE, and she looked fantastic in her team-colored dresses at the pep rallies, games, and after-game parties. But this was a Katy he'd never seen before, radiating sexuality and sensuality. I smiled at his discomfort and saw a look on my wife's face that resembled a cat toying with a stunned mouse. "Well! Looks who's here! Hi, Randy! Are you all alone"?
Still stunned, he stares. There's a short pause, a coquettish turn; she grabs his arm and says "Pour this boy some more of his bourbon -- he looks like he needs a strong drink, and bring me a fresh one".
Randy nods, recovers his speech, and recounts his approval: "Wow! Katy, you look amazing! Oh my goodness -- you look like a cover girl on a wedding magazine!"
I reassess, and agree that she does. He tosses down the rest of his drink, hands me his glass, and says he'd love some more bourbon. I take the bottle into the kitchen, pour three fingers over ice, add a dash of mixer, and return to the living room.
Katy offered him a seat on the couch, leading the way and offering a splendid view of her beautiful legs and her luscious, round butt. The Don Williams song "Baby's got her blue jeans on" came to mind, because in that dress she would definitely cause a traffic jam.
Katy is that girl - a 5'7", 126 lb, 35-24-35 green-eyed blonde with an attitude she developed young. The older coaches said she was a show-stopper in her skin-tight gold spandex twirling outfit in high school, and I knew that the entire football team, coaches, and male fans all lusted after her in the short-skirted uniforms she wore when she led the dance team at her university.
She was obviously enjoying having a fan club again, and was reveling in being seen as a sexy lady rather than "wife", "mommy", or "Ms. Kelly", her IDs for the past 4 years.
She took a seat across from us, her dress riding up her smooth thighs, crossed her lovely legs, and began asking Randy about his girlfriend, Linda. She was a college senior who had finished her final semester and was staying in town with Randy while she applied for jobs.
Katy asked "I thought I heard you say she had gone home to momma -- when is she coming back?" He forced his eyes away from her legs, and related that she had told him maybe she wasn't cut out to be a coach's wife. She got lonely being alone so much, some of the people in the stands were mean about the coaches, the town was too small, and she didn't like being around some of the older coaches because they were lechers, and their wives were cold and jealous hussies. And, besides, she really didn't like sports that much.
We both looked sympathetic, but I had to laugh inside; she nailed a lot of that! Katy empathized, "Well, she's certainly right about the small town, mean people in the stands, and the coaches being dirty old men with jealous bitches for wives, but, hey, you can work around that stuff. Hating sports, however, is a real problem for a coach's wife. Why did she go home -- is she breaking up with you?"
Randy, looking sad and hurt, nodded, "She didn't say it straight up, but it sure felt that way".
A look of pity crossed my wife's face, and I could see our night of sin was endangered. I quickly said "Man, that's tough. But better to find out now than after getting married and having kids".
Katy shushed me, and told me to go get more drinks. My big night with my hot wife was fading into the mist, as her natural counseling and consoling instincts took over.
I made them drinks, got a beer out of the cooler, and gave it another try. "Hey, it's getting late and we don't want to miss the dance. We should go soon".
Katy does love to dance, and I was hopeful my warning would refocus her on the fantasy night she had so elaborately planned. Randy quickly stood up looking embarrassed, apologized, and said he'd go so we could get started. Katy looked at him, then at me, made a 'don't you dare challenge me' face, and said he should go with us - we could all have fun and relax, and he needed to have some fun as much as we did.
I'm sure my face screamed "No fuckin' way!", but she gave me another dose of 'The Look' so I turned tail: "Sure, why not - let's go. There should be plenty of single women there willing to help you take your mind off your troubles". I made a sealed pitcher of Colorado Bulldog mix, grabbed Katy's vodka and Randy's bourbon, and headed outside to the SUV.
As we started toward the car Katy turned toward the garage and instructed, "No, Honey, tonight we're taking the Super Sport." She was referring to my fully restored, garage-kept 1970 Chevy Chevelle SS 454, a car I'd bought and restored a couple of years before I met her. Maybe the night wasn't ruined -- being in the SS channeled our younger, wilder guises, and we've enjoyed carnal pleasures in both the front and back seats... and on the hood and the trunk; pretty much any surface, except the roof... which was an idea...
However, other than taking it out to clean it and run it enough to keep the battery charged and the carbs cleaned, we had rarely gotten it out of the garage over the last few years. A two door muscle car is not a kid-friendly car by any measure, but man, did it purr!
In alignment with her plans, from the few times we'd had a chance to "go for a ride" since we got married and had kids, I knew it had a way of making us feel young, free of burdens, excited, and horny. "Good choice, Kats. It loves old music and running free on the backroads!"
I loaded the cooler with my beer and plenty of ice for their drinks. Randy held the door, and Katy slid into the middle, showing leg all the way to her skimpy panties. She raised her left leg to straddle the 4 on-the-floor gearshift, pulled her dress back down a bit, and settled back in her seat, her thighs open and inviting. We headed out with the radio blaring oldies music properly befitting the old muscle car and our destination, and my luscious wife singing and wiggling to the music.
I'm sure the seats were as happy as we were because the more she wiggled the more her dress rode up her thighs and her delightful boobs bounced. I'm not sure what all Randy saw when she got in, but we were damn sure getting an eyeful now. Randy tore his eyes away to glace at me. I was smiling, and just shook my head in wonder.
He told Katy she had the loveliest legs he'd ever seen, and he was sure ZZ Top wrote that song about her. She petted his leg, said thank you, and continued squirming to the music.
Ten minutes into a thirty-minute trip my raging hormones caused my hand to drop onto her bare leg, well above the knee but still below the hem of her dress. She gave me a smirky look, but didn't say anything and didn't move my hand; she just kept dancing in her seat. Randy watched as I caressed the inside of her thigh, and I saw the size of the lump forming in his jeans. It's true that I'd seen him changing in the locker room, but I certainly hadn't noticed his dong. Based on the lump, however, that little dude is hung pretty good!
He shifted in his seat and rearranged himself. Katy smirked a little, spread her legs a little more, wrapped her arm through mine, and rubbed those high, firm titties against my arm. Like most girls, she can don different personas at will, to fit any occasion. I've never known if she was really, at heart, a vestal virgin, a prick-teasing exhibitionist, a cock-hungry slut, or a delightful mixture of all three. Tonight's version was definitely exhibitionistic, with strong overtones of sultriness and more subtle overtones of sluttiness. Ah, yes -- she's my kind of girl!
The SS continued its deep rumble, the 454 begging for more gas and more speed. We were just cruisin' the back road, sipping cold Texas beer, Texas Bourbon, and Texas Vodka, and mostly enjoying the gorgeous creature laughing and dancing in the seat between two very appreciative guys. We had the music cranking when we entered the fairgrounds and drove to the southern edge, where the massive old wooden dance hall stood.
The L-shaped parking lot was gravel; it wrapped around the eastern and southern sides, and there was a smaller lot on the north side where the band vans and box truck were backed up to a loading dock. The parking lot was full but I didn't want Katy to have to walk across the gravel lot in her high heels, so I drove toward the entrance on the southeast corner. As I got near a beer truck pulled out of a spot near the building on the east, so I drove over and found it was not a reserved spot. I backed in and raced the engine a few times; letting it roar to announce our arrival, and then shut it down.
***The Dance***
We knew the band well: they were staples around the San Marcos area. In a typical central Texas fashion, they played an eclectic mix of country, southern rock, R&B, and a good amount of old fashioned rock and roll. Thankfully, each set included a good amount of slow-dancing, belly-rubbing music that would allow me to look like a better dancer than the fast stuff. As my Black teammates used to laugh and tell me, I fast dance like a white boy.
The Continentals used to tour across the country, and they cut some Top 40 records a couple of decades ago when they were younger, but chasing fame and fortune Nashville-style turned out to be soul-sucking, so they came home. Now they mostly performed around Austin, up and down I35, and east toward Richmond and Rosenberg, where most now lived. They loved Central Texas, where the oldest and best wood-floor dancehalls are found.
Their heyday in the rear view mirror for most of the band members, nowadays they pretty much ventured out just for the hell of it, to play whatever they wanted, and get back to their roots. Among them were three single men who had been with the band for years, and three youngsters who had stepped in when others 'retired'; those six wanted to impress some ladies and have some fun.
We hadn't seen the band since before we got married, but back in the day they had a mutual admiration society with Katy.
The band was warming up as we made, or, more accurately, as she made a grand entrance. She had a big smile, a little more wiggle than usual, and a bounce to her step. She caught the eyes of a few band members, and got a wolf whistle and then a drum roll in appreciation. Several couples turned our way and watched her. The guys were staring lustfully and their women looked disturbed.
I surveyed the crowd, and was happy that, at least at this point, I didn't recognize anyone. Relative anonymity was crucial if tonight was to be all I wanted it to be. Yes, Randy was along, but he wouldn't dream of spreading tales about Katy -- he was too infatuated.
There wasn't a table open near the band, but the lead singer, one of Katy's biggest admirers from the old days, gestured us toward a big table with only a few ladies. As we strolled up I recognized the ladies as being "with the band", meaning wives, girlfriends, and/or groupies. After introductions were made all around and connections made discovered, the band fired up. Katy could NOT miss a dance, so I got drug to the dance floor before I even got a beer.
I'll readily admit I'm not much of a fast dancer, but my role is simply to be her escort so she can do her thing. Okay, I'm far from a good rock and roller, but I don't care because I know that no one sees me anyway: all eyes are on The Queen of the Dance.
Wavy golden hair flying, boobs bouncing, short dress flouncing, she danced like that pro she actually is, and quickly became the center of attention. The more she shook it the faster the band played, and the bigger her audience of admirers got. After three songs, I drug her back to the table and ordered drinks, but she quickly grabbed Randy for more dancing before the drinks came.
A college infielder, Randy was 21, a wiry 5'9", 180 pounds, or about 4.5 inches shorter and 30 pounds lighter than me. My days as a college safety were 5 years in the past, but I stayed in good shape by lifting, running, swimming, and practicing martial arts, a pursuit I began at age 14.
Katy worked at staying in shape even while pregnant by continuing a customized version of the dance, exercise, and yoga routine the university dance team had followed. The other younger teachers wanted in, then some of the younger wives around town asked, and her personal workout turned into a thrice-weekly class she led after school. There were a lot of appreciative husbands who thanked her for those classes, and the big window into the exercise room in the old gym was a magnet for boys and men alike while the ladies were 'working out'.
Watching from a distance I had to admit that her regimen was working really well; she was dominating the dance competition, and the attention of the men in the hall.
They finally came back to the table and gulped their drinks, with Katy looking around at the crowd and squirming in her seat to the music. Two old friends from college stopped by, chatted, and invited her to dance. Since it was another rocker, they both took to the floor with her, and we were treated to quite a show of legs, bouncing boobs, and shaking booty as she impressed her 'old friends'.
Hard to believe she could do all that, and do it in perfect rhythm. Randy approved, I approved, the band approved, and all the other males I could see approved. Not too sure about the females, but they certainly were keeping a close eye on the goings-on there in front of the bandstand.
The set ended with a crescendo and the band took a break. Katy's old friends surrounded her, said something to her, and gestured toward the outside. She hit one playfully, laughed them off, returned to the table, sucked down the rest of her drink, and ran off to the "little girl's room to freshen up".
The band got beers, talked to a few admirers, and made their way over to the table, just as Katy returned. She was definitely refreshed: hair all in place, new lipstick, smelling great, and, as the drummer joshed, "looking good enough to eat right there on the table, in front of the gods and everyone".
Hugs were exchanged all around with the band members she knew; some hugs were pretty innocent and some not so much. In particular, the base guitarist, Johnny, the lead singer, Rocky, and the drummer, Tommy, were not so much. They pulled up vacant chairs and took seats, visiting and catching up with new and old friends. Rocky and Johnny somehow managed to insert chairs on either side of Katy's, and they were keeping her well entertained. The drummer insinuated himself between Rocky and me, and struck up a conversation.
Glancing at Randy, I can see he looks jealous, and I can't help being amused. I want to tell him 'Boy, if this is making you jealous, just wait! As the drinks flow and the pheromones spread, the guys start acting like bucks during the rut. You're going to have to grow bigger horns if you're going to win the joust! You're young, dumb, and a little light in the britches to stand up to these old stags, youngster. But you do have good tastes.'
The laughing, catching up and flirting were in full swing, and several more groupies came over, pulled up chairs, and took a seat. Our table was the center of attention in the joint, and Katy was again the Queen of the Dancehall. She was fully engaged in the conversation with her favorite band members when Johnny loudly exclaims: "What? No way in hell you have two kids! Come on - not with that body!"
Rocky agrees: "You're kidding us, right? I thought you'd been in Hollywood making films, or dancing on Broadway, not having kids and teaching school. Hell, if anything, you're hotter now than you were when we last saw you a few years ago!"
Katy beams and preens; I laugh, and Randy looks dour. The other guys and some of the ladies nod and murmur their agreement. A thirsty band member waves a waitress over and everyone orders.
While the waitress is taking orders Katy leans over; her dress hem is at mid-thigh, her bodice open. She says something to her two band fans in a soft voice. I see Johnny and Rocky looking down her dress, and I'm sure she is taunting them. Although unspoken, the silent dialogue is along the lines of 'Yeah, I didn't have these titties last time ya saw me did I -- do you like them? Yes, you do, I can tell! Like my legs too, don't ya? Oh, my - am I causing those tents in your pants -- little ol' me? Surely not! Let me 'innocently' put my hands on your legs, toss my hair, laugh, and wiggle my tits some more while I talk softly to you.
'Oh, my -- look how those things are getting bigger; that looks uncomfortable! Oh gosh, and it's about time for the next set -- however are you two going to get back up on stage in that condition?'
The two bandsmen assume a stricken look, kind of like Randy.
The bandleader says, "Let's go men -- back to work", and everyone heads back to the bandstand, albeit with stiff-legged walks for a couple. Katy preens a little more, and turns her attention back to the remaining males at the table. She looks predatory, hot, and sexy as hell.
The band starts slow -- I'm So Lonesome I Could Cry -- so I quickly ask my wife to dance. She leads me to the floor, and puts both arms around my neck. I can feel every inch of the front of her body as we move in unison, and she begins to press and squirm against my rising cock, applying more and more pressure. It's getting harder to keep time as the squirming pressure builds... and then she looks up and gives me an open mouth kiss that lasts through the chorus. There is nothing "wifey" or "mommy" about that kiss, or the motion of her body, as we sway right there in front of the bandstand with an audience of several hundred. Nope, that's a grown-ass woman in her prime, now fully in heat.
She breaks the kiss, grins at me, and moves slightly away, just as the song ends. I follow her back to the table, walking as closely as I can to kind-of hide my pride. Now I'm feeling like Randy, Rocky, and Johnny: about my own wife! Chad, the bandleader, introduces his nineteen-year-old son, says the 'belly rubbin' song he's going to sing is about 40 years older than his son, and encourages the crowd to support his efforts by dancing.
Katy grabs her drink, finishes it in a swig, and immediately accepts Randy's invitation to dance as the music to 'In the Still of the Night' begins playing. Johnny, Rocky, and Chad are providing the 'do wop' background, and young Cam does a nice job on the old song.
I sit sipping my LS, turn my gaze around the dancehall hoping to not see a familiar face -- and thankfully don't. Well, all righty then; the night just keep getting better!
I return my gaze to Katy, enjoying the uproar she creates while dancing. A true "cheap date", after four drinks my wife traditionally sheds her inhibitions: by my count, she had two getting here, had one between dances, and had me order number 4 before she went to the dance floor, so I need to be on alert.
Randy is torn: he wants to hold her tightly, but she is keeping a proper distance; he isn't sure what will happen if he pulls her close, so he just gazes at her like a big puppy gazes at his master. She gazes into his eyes and chats amiably as they dance; or at least that is how it seems to me.
Her drink arrived just as she did; she gulped half of it, and invited me to join her on the dance floor again. I demurred because they were playing Copperhead Road, and I'd rather watch her than embarrass myself line dancing. She stuck out her tongue at me, looked around, grabbed a young man who was gawking at her, and told me to order another drink.
I act as the guardian, because when she reaches near capacity she is all sex, but after a couple of more she's asleep. I certainly don't want her to get sexy with anyone else, and I don't want her passing out going home, so I'm watching her for signs. The problem is, she's dancing so much I can't read the caution signs, so I wave the waitress over, order drinks for her and Randy, and another Lone Star for me. I sit back, relax and keep watch on my dancing demoness.
The show in front of the bandstand is gaining participants as the band embarks on a string of rock and roll songs. Katy is still the star, but several other young women are out to outshine the star, or at least keep up. There is a lot of 'talent' out there, and that draws men like moths to the flames.
The girls who wore jeans and boots are hopelessly outshone in this 'sexy beauty contest' by those wearing short dresses with boots, sandals, or heels, but they still compete with gusto.
Entering 'judge mode', I have to admit that there is a major exception to that statement: a pretty, very young blonde cowgirl with long, straight hair hanging to her waist. She's wearing boots, tight jeans, a fitted shirt with pearl snaps, and she's easily one of the best dancers and best looking women on the floor. I noticed her earlier, sitting with some loser who looked drunk and disorderly, but I hadn't watched her dance until now. I'm impressed.
I also had to admit that the band is good -- really good. With 12 members, including several horns, they could cover any rock and roll from the 50s, 60s, 70s, and more recently. Thankfully, there was none of that wanna-be Hip-Hop crap you hear on some so-called 'country and western' radio stations and TV shows.
They sing a lot of their own music, which is universally greeted with cheers by their fans. To make it even better, they were unusually adept at slow songs and ballads, regardless of genre, and make sure there are several in every set. Because they were such talented musicians, there were solos and riffs that make all the music seem their own.
The wives at the table direct my attention to the band's manager, who had slipped in and is sitting at the "RESERVED" table behind me. He's with a big guy sporting an even bigger hat and very expensive hand-made boots with BM in a circle. He looked like big money, so, since I wasn't introduced, that became his nickname.
I turn and tell the manager how good the band is; he thanks me and tells me that ol Brad something or other has shown up unexpectedly to listen. I asked BM what he thought, and he nonchalantly replied "not bad -- might have a job for them." He was southern but not Texan -- Tennessee maybe? They resumed talking and I turned back around.
The aura he gives off is asshat; I don't know him, but I already don't like him, and my ESP says he's a threat.
The band kept rockin' on, and I kept watching. I wonder, 'how did all these young people learn these old dances, like the twist, swim, stomp, mashed potatoes -- who in the hell does any of that anymore? Is American Bandstand on constant reruns on some cable channel or YouTube?
Regardless, there are a lot of really good dancers of the feminine persuasion. So many that I begin grading them: Levels 1A and 1B, 2A and 2B, 3, & 4.
My eyes swing back to Katy, who is doing every dance in 'Land of a 1000 Dances'. Empirically, that girl can really, really, really move! You can tell that she loves dancing, she is (very appropriately) proud of her body, and she enjoys entertaining the crowd. Her rapt audience, which includes the band, is mostly men, but I see several females stealthily watching as her dress flounces about, displaying her incomparable legs, bubble butt, and swinging titties. A few of the women show resentment and jealousy but most are just envious. There are a few women with lust in their eyes, which I find intriguing.
For the men, feelings about her are not complicated -- simple, unabashed lust! She is, indeed, a sight: her eyes bright, her laugh quick, her rhythm perfect, and her countenance sensual. As I've admitted, I'm a bit of a voyeur, and she is keeping me turned on full blast! Well, me, plus the band and pretty much all of the other menfolk present.
But every now and then she checks to make sure I'm watching. When she catches my eye, she grins over her shoulder, leans forward to show her legs almost to her panties, and shakes that perfect ass at me. Of course, all the others watching are also getting a show, but she doesn't seem to mind.
She definitely has an exhibitionist streak!
By my scoring, Katy is 1A in combined looks and dancing. Another top score goes to the breathtakingly pretty cowgirl with long blonde hair hanging to her waist. The skintight jeans and fitted shirt combine to showcase a fantastic body, and she's an excellent dancer who loves the attention; Katy has some competition. I place her 1B because, well, Katy is peerless -- at least in my eyes.
A petite red-haired gymnast-type has amazing moves and gets so involved in the music that I'm not sure she realizes her short dress shows her matching green panties when she's spinning and shaking. She's also gorgeous, and I also award her level 1B.
A taller girl with wavy brunette hair ranks next at 2A. She's beautiful with a stupendous body, and is a great dancer, but just a hair below the 1s in dancing. There are a couple more who fall a level below her on my scale due to looking better than they dance or dancing better than they look, making them fully qualified candidates for 2B, and another half dozen for level 3, but most are level 4, like me. That there are that many young good-looking young women who can dance old-school rock and roll, out here in the middle of nowhere, seems so unlikely, but my eyes don't deceive.
The band turns the volume and tempo down a couple of notches as it nears intermission, and I get two slow dances with my wife that leave me rigid, anxious, and giddy. She puts both arms around my neck and plasters herself to me, rubbing those soft titties with swollen nipples on me, and pressing her flat belly against my hard cock, purposefully torturing me.
In retribution, I slip my leg between her legs as we spin, positioning her where that sweet pussy rubs against my leg. I lean back, look at her, and ask if she is enjoying herself. She smiles dreamily, rises up on her toes, presses harder against my leg, and mewls like a kitten. I look down at her creamy white breasts, see her distended nipples, and know two things -- she's horny as hell and just drunk enough to show it.
My hands hold her hips, my fingers caressing the top of her flaring butt. Her hips rotate on my leg. As we dance in the corner, my hand on the side away from the crowd creeps up and squeezes her boob, then pinches the swollen nipple. She mewls again, and sighs deeply.
The song ends; we stand there for several seconds just holding each other, in a stupor of lust. We kiss softly and start back to the table. I really want to take her to the car and force-fuck her, but this is her night, so instead I ask "Honey, where did you lose your pretty lace bra?"
She giggles, "After the first set my girls were so hot they begged me to, so I took it off in the restroom. You like feeling them rub on you, don't ya?" she asked teasingly. I nod yes, and warn her they told me they don't like to be rubbed on anyone else! She giggled again.
Chad is busy chatting at the mike, but I'm in a sensual stupor, ignoring him as I walk the love of my life back to our table. Imagine my surprise when, just as I take my seat, Chad brings Cam back to the mic for another slow song, and Big Money suddenly appears at Katy's side to ask for a dance. She accepts without even a glance at me, I assume because I never stand in her way when it involves dancing. Had she looked, she would have seen a flash in my eyes and jealousy on my face: this arrogant asshat is twice her age, and he leers at her like he just bought her. I feel a surge in blood pressure and heart rate, as if a battle is about to start.
The pretty brunette suddenly appears on the chair beside me, introduces herself as Brittney, and strikes up a conversation. It seems she is here to flirt, but she came from Charlie's table so I suspect she's here to distract me from watching my wife and BM.
Up close she's stunning: alabaster skin, bedroom blue eyes, and full lips to go with big firm boobs. Her long shapely legs are largely exposed by her short denim dress, and her red boots match the red snaps down the front of her dress. I note that the top three snaps and the bottom three snaps are open, exposing both delicious cleavage and lovely legs up to mid-thigh. I immediately conclude this is a dangerous woman, and that I've been set up.
The problem is, I'm still turned on from the dance with my wife, and the way Brittney is coming on to me makes my mouth dry. Her hand is on my thigh, but she acts as if that is an innocent and normal location. I look at Randy, who is sitting there with a puppy-dog look, watching Katy slow dance with Big Money. It doesn't appear that he's even noticed the sexy thing sitting beside me and across from him.
Well hell; so much for him finding a single girl to compensate for his loss of Linda; hell, if he isn't interested in Brittney he's hopelessly smitten with my wife!
Brittney is leaned forward, talking rapidly from topic to topic: the band, the great music, the big crowd, having a Nashville producer here, and how well my wife dances. Her restless hand now sits lightly on my semi-hard dick. She looks at me with her sultry eyes, and, although I know I should, I make no move to stop her as her hand squeezes my cock; a swelling cock has no conscience.
Her eyes open wide, signaling the discovery of the thickness of the organ in her hand, and she sucks in a breath through her teeth. Leaning toward me, she whispers WOW, and squeezes me again a little closer to the head. Things are just getting interesting when I hear her name called.
She makes an apologetic face, squeezes my cock a last time, releases me, and turns her attention to the bands manager, Charlie. He beckons, and she moves to a chair at his table. I inhale slowly and deeply three times to calm my boiling blood, take a deep draw on my beer, and take stock of my surroundings.
The first person I notice is the breathtaking blonde cowgirl who is sitting at the next table with her drunken boyfriend. He is weaving, slurring, and looks ready to pass out; his friends are laughing at him, but she doesn't appear to be amused. When she rises, stands over her boyfriend, shakes her head, and walks away I can tell she's built and looks a lot like Katy, and that she's showing all the signs of being in heat. She has a great body, a gorgeous face, and she's made it clear that she wants to dance, not sit with a drunk. I point Randy at her, tell him she is an easy target but one well worth whatever effort it takes to wrest her away from the drunk.
He looks, but he's still indifferent; totally smitten with the 'older woman' on the dance floor. True, he's 21 and Katy's only 25, but the age difference seems greater. The luscious young blonde is probably 19 or 20, she's ready to party, and her date is going under fast. Hmmm... wonder if I could slip her outside for a quickie?
Okay, that's a bad idea, because Katy has been keeping nearly as close an eye on me as I have on her, but I'm horribly horny and the blonde looks willing, so I feel the temptation.
Thinking of Katy causes me to look back to the dance floor, where I spot her and Big Money. He has maneuvered himself into a much better position, holding her tightly against him while leaning down and talking into her ear. He's easily 6'4, 250 lbs., and not much of it is fat.
Upon further appraisal I have to admit that he's actually good looking, in a smarmy way: black hair speckled with gray, expensive clothing with a cowboy-cut jacket, black Stetson, and the handmade Lucchese boots with his circled initials in front. I chuckle that his initials and my nickname for him match, but I'm getting a bit more apprehensive.
He may be twice her age but he is smooth, confident, commanding, and rich, all qualities my wife appreciates. Katy is already horny AF, and ol BM is exploiting her condition. I wish I could hear what he's telling her.
When the song ends, the set ends, and BM brings my wife to the table with his hand possessively low on her hip. He seats her two chairs down from me, makes a production of thanking her for the dance, and says he'd like another later. She looks flushed, smiles widely, and says of course. I look at her questioningly but she ignores me and strikes up a conversation with an admirer who is standing behind her: suspicious.
***What the Fuck? ***
The band gets beers, chats with fans, and roams around. Rocky and Johnny make their way to our table and takes the chairs on either side of Katy, with Rocky on my left and Johnny on the other side of Katy, again cutting me off from her.
Brittney immediately touches my right shoulder and says she just learned that I played college football: her favorite sport! She takes a chair to my right, turning me away from Katy, and asks what position I played. We begin a conversation about my football career that somehow includes a lot of touching on her part.
She leans forward, listening raptly and providing a view of those lush tits between the open snaps of her dress. Her knee is pressing against my thigh, and she again puts a hand on my leg near my cock as she animatedly responds to my recollection of my exploits. I feel rather than see another band member slip a chair between Rocky and me, putting me another chair away from my wife.
I continue talking with the flirty football fan, but manage to look around stealthily. I notice a couple approaching Randy, and he looks thrilled to see them. He stands; they hug one another, and begin talking. Another couple is called over and more hugs are exchanged. Good development -- hope they have a single friend close by to take Randy off my hands. I look behind Brittney at the manager, Charlie, who was talking surreptitiously with BM, ignoring everyone else.
Being flirted with by gorgeous Brittney was fun, but being ever vigilant, I keep Katy in my peripheral vision. Her attention appears to be captivated elsewhere, but I watch her left hand drop under the table. Johnny's right hand is also under the table, but from three chairs away, I can't tell what's going on, if anything. Hell, it could be completely innocent...but my senses say no.
Katy slides her chair forward just slightly and takes another long drink with her right hand. She's blushing a bit, but laughing and listening to Johnny.
Brittney continues her subtle seduction, getting ever closer; her hand is again seeking my cock while she appears to be innocently listening to my stories. When her hand finds my cock again, she bites her bottom lip, wraps her dainty fingers around it, and seems to be taking a measurement as she slides her hand up and down it.
She's getting the response she wants, as it swells and lengthens, but, once again, that jackass Charlie calls her back to their table. Brittney roll her eyes, says "I'll be back, Superstar. I want to hear ALL your stories!"
She's not the first football groupie I've encountered, but something tells me she's among the most calculating. I don't get the usual "I fucked a football player!" vibe from her at all; if anything, she seems to be trying to distract me more than seduce me.
After a couple of minutes of conversation, she and BM walk toward the bar and Charlie moves to a chair at the head of our table, on the far end from Katy and her devotees.
My attention subtly returns to my wife, only to see Rocky slide his chair closer to her and to the table. He downs his beer, and motions to our waitress, who rushes over. He orders a round for the table, earning him cheers; he laughs, says we all owe him one, and says that Charlie has a great story about "one more round". Everyone turns toward Charlie, and he launches into the story with a flourish. The whole thing is a bit too convenient, and I feel the hairs on my neck rise in suspicion.
I surreptitiously slide my chair back a bit and look to my left to see Rocky's left hand disappearing below the table. Katy glances sidelong at him, and then over his shoulder at me, while trying to appear to be listening to Charlie. My head is turned toward Charlie and my focus appears to be on him, but I'm actually in a good vantage point for watching my wife and her seducers. True, my head is turned 45 degrees toward the storyteller, but qualifications for my football positions -- safety and quarterback -- require acute vision plus enhanced peripheral vision, and I've been proven to have both in spades.
While looking attentively at the speaker down the table, I nonchalantly lean back a bit, giving me a less obstructed peripheral view of Katy between her musicians. She looks even more flushed, and a bit feverish. Both of her hands are under the table and her arms are flexing slightly, in concert, as if rubbing or squeezing something. It appears her right hand is now high on Rocky's leg and her left on Johnny's. Glancing around I see that all three and everyone else at the table appear fixated on Charlie's long-winded tale, laughing at opportune times. When Tommy leans back to take a drink from his longneck, I lean forward, better positioning myself to steal a look under the table.
The lace hem on Katy's little dress is riding high on her thighs, somewhat bunched up. I can see Rocky's left hand under the lace on the inside of her right thigh, and Johnny is turned enough that his left hand is very near her pretty lace panties and sweet little pussy. His hand moves, almost imperceptivity, and Katy's neck stiffens. She's still seemingly listening, but her body settles as she slides down in her chair just a bit. When she does, her dress rides even higher.
Rocky still has his beer in his right hand, but by moving my head forward, with the tall, slender drummer providing cover, I see Johnny now has both hands under the table. He's very close to her, his body preventing anyone behind them from seeing that his right hand is under her and his left is... I'm not sure where.
Katy's smile is plastered in place, but her slumping body looks stressed and the veins in her slender neck are slightly distended. It appears she lost her bra somewhere during the festivities because her nipples look even harder and more swollen against the satin material of her dress..
All attention of our tablemates is fixed at the opposite end as the story nears its climax, but I have a hidden view of more intriguing events. It's strange that I feel that way -- I should be pissed and confronting the sinners, but I simply watch in wonder.
Katy's actions are not new; she and I did the same plenty of times before we got married. Tonight, though, they are unexpected. Assuming she really is playing with their cocks while they play with her legs/pussy/ass under the table, that's a sluttier Katy than I've ever seen before.
My peripheral vision is fixed on the three offenders, my face remains turned to the storyteller; my mind, however, is asking 'what the fuck?' I realize that this is one of the few times she's had the opportunity to act like an easy woman in my presence; maybe this is really the norm and she sold me a bill of goods to tempt me into marriage.
My mind wanders back to the intense courtship that lasted about a year, our wedding, having a baby 10 months later, and another 17 months after the first. Yes, we attended a few parties during our courting, especially at the beginning, but most often we preferred to spend time with each other, excluding all others. Since we got married she has either been pregnant or caring for an infant, so this is her first opportunity to 'spread her wings', so to speak, and it appears she is spreading her legs instead.
The look of lust on her face tells me it's decision time: either intervene or let this play out. I opt for the latter, although jealousy is raging within me, because I need to know how far an excited and alcohol-impaired Katy will go outside her wedding vows.
The story drones on and on, taking a few loops and turns, straying off course at times, with Charlie adding funny vignettes to keep us amused, and extend the time. We all have fresh drinks, so we go along with his long-winded anecdotes.
Katy looks a bit frantic now, her eyes frozen straight ahead as her teeth worry her bottom lip. Johnny's left arm is very rhythmically flexing, as if he's finger fucking her. Rocky whispers in her ear. Time slips by -- one minute, then two -- and I can see his hand is also far under her dress. Johnny leans toward her other ear, moving his left arm forward. Another minute crawls by; the storyteller builds toward the climax of his story, Katy builds toward a climax of her own. Everyone else remains fixated on Charlie.
Katy looks stricken, then goes stiff, bottom lip clamped between her teeth, muscles in her arms straining, hips moving gently, and her eyes close. In synchronization with her climax, Charlie lays out the punchline, leaving everyone guffawing; that serves to cover up any untoward sounds she may be making. He adds an anecdote that keeps everyone's attention until Katy relaxes and her grinning, triumphant molesters return their hands to the table.
Charlie laughs with everyone else, smiles knowingly at Katy, and nonchalantly tells the band they need to drink up and get back up there for the next set, but he needs to talk to Chad first. He and Chad walk toward the curtains to the right of the stage and disappear.
Katy's countenance is incredible: a beautiful, sexually excited woman, high, firm breasts with nipples sticking straight out, gorgeous legs displayed, and a tremulous and guilty, but satisfied, smile on her face. She looks toward me with trepidation; I continue pretending to participate in the revelry, as if I've seen nothing, and she slyly smiles at her companions as if the three of them just got away with doing something bad.
Johnny and Rocky smirk at Katy, hands visible, as they drink their beers down. Johnny wipes his lips with the fingers of his left hand, licks them, and smiles broadly. Katy blushes, but Rocky covers for her by asking what she'd like to hear this set. Her voice is a bit shaky and she seems confused by his simple question, but she recovers and offers a few requests.
The band heads to the stage, Katy heads to the little girls room to freshen up again, and I consider what just happened. Did my sweet wife do what I think, in a crowded dancehall, or is my imagination in overdrive? Nah, pretty sure that just happened.
If what I think I saw actually is what I saw, then what? I'm leaning toward waiting by the restroom, grabbing her by the arm when she comes back out, dragging her ass outside, getting in her face, and then taking her home crying!
There is a part of me that isn't pissed as much as curious, thought; it's lobbying for letting this play out. It thinks we need to know whether this is the 'real' Katy and I never knew it, or whether that was an alcohol and excitement fueled, one time sexual indiscretion.
In favor of that approach, my conclusion that some untoward happened is based on observation from three chairs away with two people obscuring my view. I have no proof, and why would she simply confess? I decide to go with the wait and see approach, with increased vigilance.
I look around the dance hall again and see Brittney leaving with Big Money. Those two don't seem to make sense, but then again, I don't know either one of them enough to judge. It's just that in the vibe I get, Brittney is not the type to be with a complete asshole like BM! Something seems off.
Just then Katy returns from the little girls' room, blonde curls cascading, red lips plump and alluring, but looking a bit concerned as she heads to the table. The band launches intoJumping Jack Flashmidway along her journey, and she's intercepted by a guy I don't know who drags her toward the floor. She looks at me for acquiescence; I shrug in resignation, and they hit the floor.
In a few seconds the floor is crowded with dancers, most of whom are younger than 40, even though the song is nearly 50 years old.
The icy mug of Lone Star, the music, the exciting setting, and the perceived actions of my young wife have me feeling a little off-balance, and surprisingly reflective. I look around the dancehall and contemplate what prompted me to not intervened in whatever was going on between my wife, Johnny, and Rocky. As I sip from the icy mug, I take stock: with the clarity of the LSD (Lone Star Draft) in my veins I look at the big picture and decide this is actually working out really well, given my goal of a night of uninhibited, hot sex with my wife.
The lustful stares, the flirting, her "old friends" trying to herd her outside, Randy's worshipful longing, and Rocky and Johnny's manual stimulation of unknown sorts are only prolonged foreplay of the type that will certainly result in an exceptional night of hot sex when we get home.
I've always been a people watcher, which is another name for voyeur, and I'm enjoying watching men watching and wanting her. That doesn't include fucking or finger fucking her, by any means, but what man doesn't enjoy having a wife other men want?
About ten minutes have passes since Brittney and BM left; she returns with a disgusted look on her pretty face, hair and lipstick akimbo, and slips into the ladies lounge. Big Money saunters back in the door with a satisfied grin, gets a scotch, and takes a seat. He and Charlie laugh and talk in hushed tones, and I again ask myself 'what's in it for Brittney?'
She doesn't seem to be attracted to him at all; in fact she looks like she'd like to kill him when she's not playing up to him, so he must have some power over her. He's supposedly a record producer; does that mean she's a wanna-be singer?.
Note to self: keep Katy away from these two assholes!
Brittney walks out of the lounge fully composed and poised. She sees the flash dance going on in front of the stage and joins in. She's good. Yes, she's very good; Katy has some competition, and she relishes it! They are dancing their asses off, although both asses look ravishing from here.
I move closer to the action, to the fringes of the dancers, and I'm totally impressed. The same four girls I've been watching all night are still standing out: the drunken kid's beautiful blonde girlfriend; the petite redhead with a gymnast's body and athleticism; Brittney, and Katy. Song after song, surrounded by appreciative men and an accommodating band, they rock on.
I head over the bar for a fresh beer, and see Charlie signal the band.Jump and Shoutends and the tempo changes; BM is lingering nearby and swoops Katy up for his promised dance. The floor is crowded, and they are hard to see as he maneuvers her away from the tables. It is, however, easy to see that this dance started where the other left off: with her tightly in his arms, her body moving in concert with his, and him whispering in her ear.
Brittney sidles up to me, takes me by the arm, and says "my dance, Superstar. Come on." She has a way of simply draping herself on you while dancing; she's so close I can feel her heat, smell her perfume, and feel her breath on my neck. In my perpetually aroused state I want to drag her outside and get whatever she gave BM. I lean back a bit to get a look at her face, but she keeps it tucked closely against my shoulder. Her body is too tense and she's holding me too tightly; I can tells she's upset or ashamed
I notice that, although I think I'm leading, she's subtly kept us far from BM and my wife. I'd like to check on them, but I have no idea where they are, and her body is clinging so closely most of my thinking is being done by my dick. If I tuck my chin I can see down her dress, and her tits are luscious -- big, with light brown areoles and cherry-size nipples. She leans back slightly to give me a better view, and presses her stomach against my turgid dick. She may be a bit of a slut, but that only makes me want to take her outside and fuck her hard!
The song ends, we head back to the table, and I see a flushed Katy reenter the dance floor from behind the curtains by the stage. Big Money has his arm around her possessively, and she looks excited and embarrassed. What the hell were she and BM doing back there?
My sexy wife is on a damn tear tonight, and she's about to have her special night end early if she doesn't stop immediately! She's teaching me things about herself tonight that our whirlwind courtship and 4 years of marriage and having babies didn't.
When we reach the table, Brittney reaches behind herself to sneakily squeeze my dick, then turns and whispers "Anytime, Superstar. My number is in your phone". She wiggles off toward the bar, and I wonder how her number got in my phone. BM gallantly guides Katy to the table with his hand on her hip, but deposits her on the side away from me. He pulls out her chair, leans over and says something to her softly, doffs his hat, and saunters back to his table.
My wife gives me a blank stare; or maybe she's watching him as he passes behind me. She averts her eyes, grabs her drink, and turns her chair back toward the band. Well, that says a lot: guilty is as guilty does, IMO.
The band fires up the Stones classicPaint it Black, another "old friend" asks her to dance, and off she goes without acknowledging me at all. She is showing off now, and she's begun looking my way from time to time while she entertains...or is she looking at the table behind me? BM and Charlie are looking her way intently, but they could be watching the band, right? I'm a little light headed from the excitement and beer, but my instincts tell me my paranoia is warranted.
The band follows the Stones with two 50s R&R hits -Summertime BluesandJailhouse Rock- with everyone in front of the bandstand jumping around and shouting. The band announces they have been watching the dancers all night, have determined that none of the men have any rhythm or moves at all, but there are a bunch of girls that do. They would like to showcase all of them, but, unfortunately, they only have room for 4 dancers on the stage.
Without further ado, they invite Brittney, Bree (the luscious blonde with the drunk boyfriend), Angie, (the petite ginger), "and, of course, Katy", up to dance on the stage with the band!
Everyone is cheering as they parade up the steps on the right, and strut out onto the stage to a drum roll and louder cheers. I'm wondering what the hell -- where did this come from? None of the girls look surprised, meaning they already knew. I look back at BM and Charlie, who are smiling and nodding. The band launches intoJohnny B Goode, and the girls start dancing; they're smiling broadly and obviously thrilled to be picked and be able to show off even more.
Wandering up close to the stage, I see that Randy and his friends are already front and center, clapping and dancing. Distancing myself from the personal issues, such as why Katy's husband wasn't informed about this, I watch each girl in turn. Empirically, the best and sexiest dancer is...Katy. The girl with the prettiest legs is...Katy. The girl with the best ass is...Katy. The girl with the best tits is...Bree, actually, who is also second in the best ass contest. Truthfully, tho, you'd do all four of them in a heartbeat. All look sexy as hell, but Katy also has the look of the cat that caught the canary. She knows exactly how we all feel, and she loves it!
When they old Cubby Checker classic comes on, they start twisting, then dirty twisting, and, everyone who didn't already, now knows my wife is wearing white lace panties, no bra, and that she has a great body to go with those great legs!
How do I every get any sleep with that delicious body next to mine?
I tear my eyes from her to look around, and see that thought plastered on a lot of faces -- including BM and Charlie, who have moved up closer to the stage. I'm swollen with pride at the skills and beauty of my wife of four years, but I don't like those assholes hovering, and certainly don't want them getting their claws in her.
The rocking continues withProud Mary,All Shook Up, Maybelline,Louie Louie, and, finally, the Stones immortalSatisfaction. Everyone is mesmerized by the dancers on stage, but they are also dancing their asses off, and everyone goes wild cheering after each song. I've seen this band many times, and they certainly have a faithful following everywhere they go, but I've never seen a crowd react and respond to them like they are right now. The dancers definitely pretty the stage up, but they somehow also supercharge the crowd. I look at BM and Charlie, and they look ecstatic.
I turn back to the stage and marvel at the skills and the coordination of the totally unrehearsed dancers. Katy acts as de facto leader, but each girl brings something to the table. Brittney dances as sexy as she looks: long, straight, glossy black hair; she's taller, with long legs and full boobs, and looks like she could and would fuck your brains out!
Auburn haired Angie is tiny with jutting boobs above a tiny waist, muscular legs ending in an apple butt, and she has done some impressive and acrobatic floor exercises up on that stage. Bree is young, has a slender but spectacular body with boobs jutting straight out and a tight, round bubble butt above long and shapely legs. Her light blonde hair falls almost to her waist, and I begin to imagine holding her by that hair as I do her doggy. There is something about her...and Brittney too, for that matter.
I shake the vision, adjust my cock in my jeans, and turn my eyes to my wife. Yep, she's still the best of the bunch, and that's saying a lot.
The band bringsSatisfactionto a deafening close, and the crowd roars. The leader introduces the band members, bows and gestures to the "gorgeous dancers", and thanks the crowd -- which promptly starts yelling Encore! Encore! The bandleader asks the girls, they nod, and the band launches intoTwist and Shout. The whole crowd goes wild again, and even I can't keep myself from joining in. Katy grins at me and beckons me with her finger. I twist my way over in front of her; she squats down, takes my face, and gives me a hot kiss, before hopping up to jump and shout some more. What a night this is becoming!
This time the music really ends, and the jacked-up crowd heads back toward their tables for refreshments. They are still fired up, talking and laughing loudly. Katy runs up and jumps in my arms; we kiss for a long, hot minute, and then walk back to the table.
Someone has bought us fresh drinks. We ask the waitress who to thank, and she points at BM and Charlie. I nod, they nod back, Katy mouths 'Thank you' against the din, and gives them a big smile. They smirk, raise their glasses in toast, and we take our seats.
We're finishing the drinks and chatting with a large, amorphous group while the band packs things up. Katy is turned away from me, in animated conversation with a group of her old friends and admirers from high school. As my eyes wander around the room, I see that Bree is having trouble getting her drunken boyfriend up and about. She looks pleadingly at me, and loudly asks if I can help her get him to the truck. Katy continues to be otherwise occupied, Randy is standing near the bar talking to his friends, so I walk over and flirtingly tell her "there are high fees for me dealing with drunks; this will cost you", put my arm around his back and carry-walk him outside.
This stupid drunk passed out during the show his little cutie put on, and it easy to see he's really pissed her off. She's leading us to her truck, and I admire her delightful bubble butt in those tight jeans as she walks in front of us. "Dumbass showed up half lit and I wasn't going to ride with him," she explains, and apologizes that she parked her new truck 'halfway to China', on the far side of the lot, to avoid doors banging into it.
"Bree, I don't mind at all", I assure her: "Yes, he's heavy, but the view in front of me is so breathtaking I could happily follow it anywhere!"
She giggles, and wiggles even more. Drunk Dumbass stumbles, I hold him up, and ask if he can walk or if I need to fireman-carry him. That insults him enough that he does a better job of staggering.
We get to the truck, I put him in the passenger side, belt him in, shut the door, and he immediately slumps against the window, out cold. Bree is standing behind me watching, and she doesn't look happy. I tell her he'll feel like hell tomorrow, and she might want to roll down the window when she gets moving, just in case. She shakes her head and says, "I'm going to leave his sorry ass in a lane of traffic if he pukes in her new truck! And I don't care how he feels tomorrow or any other day; he's just a mistake I made being young and dumb. He has been useful, though; he's the perfect antidote to end my 'bad boy' exploration!"
She walks behind her truck, beckons me with a finger and a naughty smile, tosses her hair, steps closer, puts her hand on my chest, leans into me, and breathily asks "How can I ever repay you for all you've done for me? I know you have a beautiful wife, but is there something I can do for you to express my gratitude?" I respond with a smile: "Oh, I can think of any number of ways, but we're in a public parking lot, so your options are limited, I fear."
She stealthily surveys the lot, sees that no one is near or watching, and turns that pretty face up to me. Her bright blue eyes look up into my green eyes, her lips part slightly, and she insinuates her toned, stacked body against me. Her right hand captures my neck as she stands on tiptoes, pulls my head down, and kisses me. Those full lips caress mine softly, then hungrily as she rubs her firm boobs against me, inserts her leg between mine and presses her pussy against my right leg.
I'm rock hard as she whimpers in my mouth, and then pulls her head away to kiss my chest while she unbuttons two buttons on my shirt. "I know you don't have much time" she whispers as her kisses trail downward, displaying her intention. She rubs my dick, then opens my belt buckle and unzips my jeans, all while looking into my eyes with lust.
I'm a married man: I know better! I want to stop her, but I'm hopelessly horny from watching my wife's shenanigans and Brittney's flirting, and this cute young blonde's enthusiasm is irresistible. She reaches inside my boxers, grabs my cock, and exclaims "Oh my goodness -- what have we here?" She kisses my chest and kneels in front of me. Her method of payment is clear, and, in this state of agitation, I'm unable and unwilling to stop her.
Just has her mouth finds my cock, a loud, merry group heads our way. Sweet young Bree pops to her feet and steps quickly away. That sudden maneuver requires me to turn away, close my pants and belt, and button my shirt, all without being obvious. She thanks me loudly for helping put Charlie Bob in the truck, quietly tells me that she still owes me, big time, and she definitely WILL pay her debt in full! With that pronouncement, she moves to the driver door, turns her head to blow me a kiss, and walks to meet her friends.
Knowing my hard-on would be hard to hide I turn my back to them and walk over to the last row to avoid another crowd leaving the dancehall. As I walk down the row and back toward the building I spy the band van and trailer being loaded out back. I also notice an angel in white lace standing on the loading dock with a couple of band members.
I move stealthily toward them, keeping myself out of view by walking behind cars, until I'm standing behind a big 4x4 pickup. It's hiding me, but I have a vantage from which I can see and hear the quiet voices. Looking upward to the loading platform that is less than 45 feet away, I can see Katy's gorgeous legs almost to her panties, her blonde hair tousled by the same wind that further exposes her legs by blowing her dress up.
She is standing very close to Rocky and Johnny, and her body language is coquettish. She looks hot, and hot-to-trot!
Johnny: "Katy, you look sooo luscious in that mini wedding dress! You know, we didn't get to kiss the bride on her wedding day, but we can make up for it tonight. Give us each one kiss."
Katy: "You were invited to our wedding and didn't show up -- you missed your chance!"
Rocky: "Hey, we wanted to come, but we were playing the San Antonio Rodeo that weekend -- we told you, and we sent gifts. Come'onnnn -- just one little kiss, pretty please?"
Johnny: "You know you've been torturing us with that hot body all night. After all we've done to help you enjoy tonight, can't we at least get a little kiss?"
Katy laughs, looks around the lot and back to the door, and acquiesces. My heart is racing and my stomach is churning as she raises her lips for a chaste bridal kiss.
Uhh, Johnny boy, that ain't the proper way to kiss the bride! Moreover, Johnny, you certainly don't squeeze the bride's perfect ass while you're kissing her! Well, proper or not, he is French-kissing her, and she's squirming hungrily in another man's arms.
My emotions say I should intervene, but my brain tells me that I need to know more about the woman I married and immediately impregnated; twice. I stay still, barely breathing, jealous and strangely excited at the same time. My 'virginal', raised-Catholic wife is a very different woman tonight than the one I met and married, and I can't help wondering just how far she will let this go.
She finally breaks the kiss, smiles at Johnny, spins out of his arms, and turns to Rocky. "Your turn," she calls. Rocky steps up like a man, grabs her roughly, pulls her to him, and has his way with her mouth and body while they exchange tongues. His hands are everywhere -- waist, hips, ass, tits, and back around again. They are practically dry humping standing there, and its more than Johnny can take. He steps up behind her, presses his dick against her round ass, holds her hips, kisses her neck and they make a Katy sandwich. Tommy finishes loading stuff in the van and walks over to watch.
She's definitely all in, and I can hear her moan as Rocky's hands work up under her dress and his lips fall to her chest. Suddenly he drops to his knees, raises her dress, pushes her legs apart, and begins kissing her inner thighs -- or perhaps her pussy over her tiny panties; I can't really tell. She moans more loudly, but resists, pushing his head away and crying, "Nooooo, Rocky! I'm married; please don't do this to me!" Johnny steps to the side opposite my vantage point, turns her head toward him and kisses her heatedly. When she stops fighting the kiss, his hand drops from her chin to her throat and then down the front of her dress to her breasts.
Rocky spreads her legs further apart, his mouth covers her pussy, and both hands slide up under her dress onto that perfect butt. Johnny pulls her dress up until her naked ass is displayed and holds it there. Watching from the side, her bare bottom showing, a hand massaging her breasts, one man kissing her lips and another her cunt, she looks stunningly out of control. One hand is holding Rocky's head against her pussy, and her other is rubbing Johnny's cock.
I'm in awe: the wanton woman before me is no one I know, but she is my wife.
Tommy is awestruck, too. He moves beside her, pulls out a horse cock that explains why they jokingly call him Tommy Lee, grabs Katy's hand from Rocky's head, and puts it on his huge cock. She breaks Johnny's kiss to gaze downward at the biggest cock she's ever had in her hand. She grasps it but can't begin to get her fingers around it, so she starts to stroke it, concentrating on the sensitive uncut head.
The sheer audacity of what I'm watching is mind-boggling! The four of them are standing on the loading dock in clear view of anyone on the perimeter of the parking lot: Rocky is performing cunnilingus on my bare-ass wife, who is playing with the cocks of two men! What if other band members walk outside? What if people walk across the lot to their cars? What if I walk out the door or up to the loading dock? Does my exhibitionist wife have no shame?
This is starting to look like a gangbang unfolding, and I'm watching with bated breath as things spiral out of control. I've never seen anything as erotic, sexy, or breathtakingly sensual as she is right now; if someone is filming this will be porn best-seller!
Her legs and butt are on open display, Tommy has unbuttoned her dress, Johnny has her pert tits out of the dress and is caressing, pinching, and twisting them. Johnny abandons her tit, leaving it for Tommy to abuse; he opens his jeans, takes out a dick that explains the "Johnny Wad" nickname. Rocky stands up, kisses her breasts, then her lips, takes out his dick, and puts it in the hand that was rubbing Johnny's.
Johnny has moved behind her; he pushes his cock between her legs, seeking the wet, messy pussy Rocky had gotten ready. Katy squeezes Rocky's somewhat impressive but not porn-star cock. He puts his hand behind her head and pulls her forward so she can suck that cock and Johnny can impale her. She resists, but slowly lowers her head
I'm holding my breath at the sight, heart racing, as I watch my wicked, wanton slut of a wife prepare to take three men. Her resistance, token or real, sets off a warning bell in my addled brain; I vault from behind the pickup, sprint back to the door of the dance hall, walk quickly toward our table, and ask loudly "Hey, Randy, where's Katy." He answers just as loudly "I think she's outside on the dock".
I walk that way and in the convex mirror in the hall see the four of them breaking apart. Katy is straightening her dress while Tommy buttons it back up, and Rocky helps her pull her panties up from her ankle. Tommy scurries into the trailer, with Johnny and Rocky standing well away from her; from all appearances, this is only three old friends having an innocent conversation. I walk innocently toward the door "There you are, sweetie -- what's going on?"
She's red-faced, her clothes are still akimbo, and her hair is disheveled, but she coolly answers "Oh, they were telling me that the band will be playing a private party at Sattler on Canyon Lake for New Year's Eve, and they want us to come".
I turn to the guys, who are still overheated and sporting lumps in their pants; all are trying not to face me. Johnny says "Yeah, we really want you guys to come -- it's a private dance thrown by the Greek alumni council at Southwest, errr, Texas State, but you guys have a special invitation".
Knowing their ulterior motive, I respond that it "Sounds pretty wild -- you sure you want an old married couple messing up the fun?"
Rocky enthusiastically replies "Oh, absolutely! This is a fun group and you'll fit right in! The wives of the married band members are coming, and we're going to have our own little party after the big party. We reserved a big block of rooms at the lodge down the river a mile or so, and you two are welcome to a room. Probably shouldn't drive far after the dance -- it could get pretty drunk out!"
"Sounds like a blast. We'll look at our babysitter options and let you know" I respond noncommittally.
In a disappointed but encouraging voice Rocky tells us, "Let us know for sure as sure as you can and I'll put a room in your name."
Katy intervenes enthusiastically: "I'm sure our babysitter will agree! If for some reason we can't I'll call. Go ahead and put us down for a room!"
Randy appears beside me at that point, looking pissed off and jealous, and kind of glares at the two guys. 'Tommy Lee' was nowhere to be seen, their lumps have diminished, and Katy has totally recovered her composure. She smiles at Randy, winks at Rocky and Johnny, and says: "We'll look forward to seeing and hearing you boys again in a few weeks. Bye now."
She takes my arm and Randy's arm and we walk back into the dancehall with them watching the extra wiggle she produces for their benefit. I glance back and see Tommy has reappeared and all three are watching that perfect body walking away while whispering to one another.
The dance is over: her moment in the spotlight has passed, her multiple moments of indiscretion with the band members have passed, but she's still hot as a two-dollar pistol. I can tell that she's pressing her tit into Randy's arm like she is mine. Randy says he needs to hit the rest room, so we stand and talk. She's right up against me, rubbing her sensitive tits on my arm, her fingers in my belt loops.
"Enjoy all your admirers tonight?" I ask.
"I don't know what you mean," she says coyly.
"Well, other than every male in there sporting a hard-on that you caused, you hardly made a splash, did you?"
"Oh, you know how the band is, and little Randy is just lonesome. Your little wife didn't cause all that much drama, did she?"
"Yes, she did -- and you damn well meant to. Gonna be lots of women who get a good fucking tonight while their men are moaning 'Katy' in their brains. And you can call him Young Randy, but little he isn't."
"What do you mean" she asks innocently.
"Hell, don't pretend you haven't noticed -- he's had a boner for you ever since he walked into the house, and I've seen you looking at it more than once".
"Pooh, he's just a lonely boy -- I haven't noticed anything else. I just want him to have some fun since his girlfriend left him."
Randy joins back up with us, and asks what we were talking about. "I was telling her about all the women you hustled tonight" I answer sarcastically.
He blushes and says "Katy is so beautiful all the others looked plain". Katy beams and takes his arm again; yes, she's definitely rubbing her boob on his arm now.
We reach the SS I grab the last beer from the cooler, and ask if they want drinks. Randy asks for more bourbon, but Katy says she's thirsty and wants a beer. I tell her it's the last one but we can share, and get some ice for Randy. He opens the door and she climbs into the middle, not even attempting modesty. I'm not sure if she purposely showed him her panties as she turned and spread her legs getting in, but he certainly got a good look.
She's seated, but pretty much all of those beautiful legs are exposed, and as I get in with the interior light on I get a really good view -- yep, there her white panties are, and the crotch looks dark. As soon as I sit down and close the door, her hand squeezes my leg. She strokes upward until she finds my dick, and then she begins to stroke it.
I can tell that it's going to be a long ride home, and I have no idea what's ahead. The wicked, wanton women sitting beside me is clearly in control of the night, and she's unmistakably in heat. She cranks the music up, and we head further into her adventure.