I'm sorry this chapter has taken so long to publish but I have been ill, the only thing that could possibly stop me writing. I hope you enjoy this chapter and in some small way it has been worth waiting for.
*
Deirdre was deep in thought as Mister Smith drove her away from an emotionally draining day. The human resources manager had called what he was putting her through re-training. It felt more like assault and battery. It was an assault on her mind with a battering of her feelings.
She thought at first the humiliation was a punishment during the day's progress the tasks became unmistakably and surprisingly sexually charged. Running around a store naked like a naughty adolescent had been surprisingly exhilarating. She had become excited; she hadn't suspected it to be enjoyable in the slightest and wondered if it had been the humiliation that was having an effect.
She felt turned on by it all though the confusing thing was she did feel liberated at the same time. He knew she would feel that way before working it out for herself. She didn't know whether to be worried or reassured that he knew so well what he was doing to her.
She looked him over out of the corner of her eye, not wanting him to notice the discreet examination. He was concentrating on the driving but something else too. What might he have in store for her next was buzzing around in her head. A slight fear kept stinging her conscience, for it was her own fault she was in this predicament.
"What are you thinking?" He asked.
It was as though he knew her every thought making it difficult to hide the feelings of worry and confusion from him.
"You feel confused. You're still not sure what this is all about. Do you want another clue? Or would you rather not know. You could just ride along experiencing the feelings as they hit you." He said casually.
"I thought I knew what was going on. Each time I have you pegged my perspective changes. I feel so very confused. You're getting me to do things I just wouldn't have contemplated before. They are naughty yet how I feel about them is very different from what I would have imagined. I'm sorry; I can't seem to get my head straight." She said. Her head slowly shook from side to side as though trying to clear it of confusion.
"You've learnt a lot about yourself very quickly. I'm pleased with your performance but there is a lot of room for improvement. I thought you had potential that needed releasing and now I know for sure. It will take time to assimilate but you will understand eventually and the feelings of liberation will last longer than just a few seconds. Thank you for the compliment of not asking for a clue to what is next as it shows your trust in me is growing."
Deirdre hadn't got to the point of asking for one but let it drop. He was right her confidence in him was growing whereas her own was diminishing. She felt as though she didn't really know herself anymore.
They pulled up at the curb and he looked at her with those perturbing steel blue eyes.
"One more little adventure and we return home. I want you to walk round the block where there is some construction work being carried out. You will ask for directions to Flinders Street, number twenty-two. I will be waiting for you. Don't hurry. This time I want you to listen and learn. Don't dismiss others so readily and try to appreciate what they are thinking and feeling. I'm not expecting you to give in to others demands, just don't dismiss the 'person' behind the immediate image out of hand." He said.
The seriousness of the instructions engaged her. What it meant she hadn't a clue but hoped it would become clear soon. She opened the door swinging her legs out.
"Do you want these?" He asked.
Deirdre blushed. How could she get out of the car without panties in this short skirt or any skirt for that matter? The hem sat limply in her lap hardly covering her crotch, showing off a pair of shapely legs. Her mind was in such a whirl she hadn't given it a thought. Squirming her bare bottom on the leather seat brought on a feeling of wickedness. Everything he did to her was both a punishment and an awakening of feelings.
With a wane smile she pulled on the thong careful not to expose herself to this man who was after all a senior executive in the company. The struggle wasn't very successful leaving her feeling once more discomfited. Before she could scoot off down the road he stopped her. Bending over into the car window she felt so exposed and vulnerable she just wanted to run away and get on with the task.
He purposely spoke quietly forcing her to lean in through the window. She couldn't see who it was but heard clearly a businessmen comment to a colleague as they walked by. "I didn't know there were street walkers working around here." He said, with a sneer.
Mister Smith didn't give her a chance to say anything though the expression of pain upon her face was enough. He told her. "One more important thing; if anyone should ask you're on your way there to pay off a gambling debt. Remember that."
The architecture was the same grey as back home with the same waste paper and dust swirling in gusts between tall anonymous buildings. One small consolation was no one knew her in this city and the companies offices were on the other side of town. When she turned the corner a gust of wind blew the skirt up around her waist.
In a mad panic she fumbled with it almost pulling the unfamiliar little garment off. A group of smartly dressed 'suits' walked round her taking a good look.
"Do you need a hand young lady?" One of them enquired with sarcasm.
"Lady? She looks like a tart, Charles."
"I think the tart might want a finger Charles not a hand." Another chipped in.
"A finger is about the size you've got to offer her, Nathaniel." Charles bit back.
They laughed and passed on leaving her to struggle down the street. Men and women office workers were leaving the office blocks in droves. 'It must be five.' She thought. 'The drones are leaving their hive. Where has this day gone?'
In the poverty struck mall she hadn't felt so out of place but here she was being humbled with every look of pity and disdain.
The women were the worst, looking at her with pity as though she were letting the side down. Others looked at her with plain disgust. Both faces revealed they thought she was nothing but a slut.
Curiously one pious looking woman, dressed in a smart business suit, walking toward her formed a curious scowl. The closer she approached the frown lessened until the woman clearly licked her lips as though relishing a forbidden cream cake. A wink in passing was such a shock Deirdre nearly collided with a man studiously avoiding looking at her.
The stream of business people closed in around her until she felt the flow of pompous respectability might drown her. Their disdain was all the worse as until recently she had thought of herself a fellow professional. At last she got to where the building work was carried out and with some relief carefully picked a path through building materials to find someone.
"Excuse me! I wonder if you can help me. I'm looking for number twenty-two Flinders Street." She shouted.
"I'm not sure." He said with a curious look upon his face. Obviously he was wondering about her but the look and tone was not so damning as those so-called gentleman on the street.
"I've a map in the office. You can take a look at that." The foreman said.
Walking into a workman's cabin she felt the relaxed atmosphere change as a dozen eyes swivelled in her direction. The expressions changed from alert surprise to an open stare at her legs and cleavage. She surveyed the room and the men sitting around with mugs of tea. They tried not to stare but found it difficult.
She was more used to this situation at the factory but dressed as she was it felt alien. She would have scolded them back to work in her factory, berating them for slacking. Here she felt a tiny thing asking for a big favour.
"She wants twenty-two Flinders Street, anyone know?" The big man asked. He was obviously the one in charge.
"Sure, we were working there a couple months back. Don't you remember?" The youngest one of them said with a heavy hint in his voice.
"Oh! That place. How could I forget! You guys goofing off all the time." The foreman frowned. He pointed at a wall map. "Here can you read a map? OK! Just continue walking in the direction you were and cross at this junction. It's down on your left. There's a multi-story car park opposite."
"What are you going there fore?" He asked with an even deeper frown on his face. The others seemed amused by this and laughed or tittered with embarrassment.
It was then she remembered another mysterious instruction. It was a curious thing but she hadn't time to think it through to what it might mean. Now she supposed it was time to trot out the line. Perhaps it was meant to explain why she was dressed that way, for a bet.
"I have to repay a gambling debt." She said shrugging her shoulders and turning down her bottom lip in a sign of resignation. Just one of those crap things in life, it was meant to imply.
There was a shuffling of feet from the men and she glanced round but couldn't see what had disturbed them. The little skirt was under control out of the wind and so she automatically glanced down at her cleavage for quick check.
"Do you know what's there?" The supervisor asked.
"No. I've never been there. I was told to go and report to the manager. I guess they have some work for me to repay the debt." She said demurely. "I hate these clothes they gave me to wear. They're so cheap. I'd never wear something like this usually." She said, trying to explain her awkwardness.
"It's a brothel. We did some renovation work there a while ago." He began.
Her gasp and consternation was genuine, they could all see that.
"You didn't know did you?" He asked sympathetically.
Deirdre's mind was in a whirl but she took a deep breath to steady herself. She was used to crises and managing them. Mister Smith had told her to think and talk to people not just make demands upon them; was this part of the test. She felt awful that these men were looking at her thinking so badly of her.
"I didn't. I'm such a fool. These clothes make sense now. I'm just a housewife I can't go somewhere so dreadful. I hope they are just trying to frighten me." She quavered, for she was afraid.
"Don't you worry little lady, we'll go with you and sort those buggers out." The big man told her. He clenched his big hammer rash fists.
Being referred to, as a 'little lady' would normally have brought down upon the unfortunate man a tirade of abuse. The men in this small cabin steamed with manly outrage rising as one to follow their boss to her rescue. She was momentarily overwhelmed. They were strangers yet they were willing to fight an unknown foe for her.
"I don't know what to say." She blushed. "I'm strong enough to resist such a ghastly scheme. They think they are tough guys these moneylenders but I see it now. They thought to frighten me. Well now I know I can march in there and give them a piece of my mind. Not a piece of you know what." She smiled demurely.
"You're all very sweet. Your real gentlemen but I must face this myself." She said. A single tear formed in her eye and she reached up and kissed him for she dare not say anything more. He gave her a fatherly hug. She stepped over to the others and in turn kissed them on the cheek. They each held her for a moment.
Not one of them took advantage even the young mouthy apprentice gave her an embarrassed hug. His reddening cheeks were quite endearing she thought.
They had been taken so much by surprise the silence was electric with emotion. She turned in the doorway and gave them a smile. "Thank you. I shall remember you for your kind offer. It has given me such strength to know real men exist." She said with a little smile playing around her lips and eyes.
"Just you watch out for yourself. Remember we are here if you need us." The big man said. The meaning in his voice was fierce, wrapped in a comfortable blanket of concern. The other men chorused his words backing him up.
They had studied the curves of a young tart walk in and watched a lady in trouble walk out. Deirdre was physically moved by such chivalrous behaviour. She had stood alone for so long in her life it hadn't occurred to her it existed except in storybooks.
Sliding into the front seat of the car she sat a moment, still and silent.
"I think that's enough for one day." He stated rather than asked. She nodded and they drove away.
***
Wearily walking into her room she felt as though it was an age since being there but it had been only eight hours. The tasks had drained her emotionally leaving her wanting to hit the bed and sleep a dreamless sleep. Instead she would have to review the day's events with Mister Smith over dinner.
***
Dinner was quiet with minimal words needed for table manners. At last she was able to clear away the debris of a meal thinking this was at least a chance to escape to bed but he had other plans. She stood for a moment with her hands gripping the back of a chair needing him to dismiss her.
"Sit. We need to discuss today's events." He told her.
With a low groan she acquiesced knowing there would be no escape from his probing of her thoughts and inner feelings.
"What did you learn today?" He asked. The open question was met by a blank stare. She was looking down to where the plate had been, the circular mark still clear on the starched linen table cloth. "You feel exhausted from the emotional roller coaster ride you experienced but now is the time to fix in your mind those feelings."
"Those men, builders. They were complete strangers willing to help me. I mean, they thought I was being coerced into a brothel by a loan shark. Those rough looking men were so sweet. The so called sophisticated business men looked at me as though I was some dirt on the side walk to be avoided."
She blurted out a string of sentences not caring if they made sense, needing to offload a string of ideas that had always been there but never expressed. "I was so excited exposing myself in that mall. Those self righteous women serving in the first shop they were laughing at me behind my back."
He let her ramble on until she came to a halt. A good nights' sleep would help put everything into perspective and tomorrow new tasks would help define her inner self further.
"When you give others your time, treating them like people rather than assets, it may be surprising how well they respond when you need help. When you take advantage of others don't be surprised when given the chance they take advantage of you. It is a waste of you energy having to spend so much effort in avoiding being taken advantage of.
You didn't go to university and have developed a need to identify with those you see as professionals, even to the extent of despising the common workers in your factory. Everyone has a contribution to make and it should be valued.
Enough for now. We'll talk more tomorrow of the energy you have been suppressing and how that can be released. Sleep well!" He said.
***
Next morning Deirdre showered with enthusiasm excited at the prospect of a new day. What was in store for her couldn't be more challenging than yesterday, or could it? If his words had been delivered from a pulpit she would have scoffed at them and him. Yet the dramatic situations he manoeuvred her into had been enough to demonstrate how well he knew her and certainly demanded full attention to solve the dilemmas.
In the dressing room attached to her bedroom a business suit had been hung in the wardrobe. Holding it up to her body she could see in the mirror how expensive the cut was and the feel of the silk was exquisite. Its fit would be perfect except the skirt was a little too short for her taste, though after yesterday it would be welcome. On a chest of draws were packets of underwear. A bra and panty set but surprisingly stockings and suspenders too.
As she had surmised everything fit perfectly and the look was flawless. Turning slowly for a better look in both mirrors displayed not a silly girly or the slut of yesterday, but a professional business woman. This was more like it she thought.
***
Mister Smith briefed her as they walked through the upmarket mall. This would stretch her ability to interact with others more than she thought, at least by the end of the day it would. First a practice run would be needed. "Don't forget, if you fail you will go back a stage, maybe even back to school."
Deirdre smiled. She was going to enjoy this. Strutting into the coffee shop on high heels as though she owned the place matched exactly how she felt. The power dressing had quashed any qualms she might have held over completing the unfamiliar task.
She picked a leather sofa opposite two older business men and sank down into it as expected. She lifted an expensive briefcase onto her knees having to keep them close in such an awkward position.
"Excuse me." A young server said clearing his throat several times to gain her attention.
She looked up with a puzzled expression not attempting to say anything leaving him to continue in embarrassment. She was enjoying this powerful look and the position it put her in.
"You have to order your coffee at the counter." He stammered.
The two men opposite had her attention too. "Why, thank you for noticing. I could have been sitting here waiting to be served by a waiter. You're so kind for letting me know." She beamed a set of white teeth at him so bright he had to look away.
"Erm. If you tell me what you want I'll bring it over." He blushed.
The two sitting opposite her were impressed, though sharing a knowing look as to why the special treatment. They were dressed in smart business suites with modern ties but nothing compared to her outfit. They too were suitably impressed with her but probably hadn't noticed the quality of her clothing.
The unfamiliar brief case balanced on her lap proved more of a challenge to open than expected. Concentrating on the lock her legs moved with impunity below the safety of the case. Her legs were hidden from her view but not from the two sitting opposite.
Lifting a knee to position it better came tantalisingly close to revealing more than was decent. The sight of a pair of long shapely legs encased in sheer nylon was seductive enough but the movements were mesmerising. Their conversation carried on becoming more stilted from the covert looks toward the elegant woman.
Deirdre pulled the case up for a better view of the lock and with it came the hem of the short skirt. Having difficulty with such a simple device would have angered her only now it was all part of the task.
Her knees were tight together knowing how much of her legs were displayed to these strangers. They glanced at the stocking tops trying not to be obvious but the nonchalance was wearing away with every rasp of the stocking clad legs. Like a crickets matting call it was having an overwhelming affect upon them.
The case flew open and her legs inadvertently parted to form a platform preventing it from falling from her lap. Both men were riveted by the sight of her skirt stretched tight across lean thighs revealing stocking tops. They weren't gullible but were willing to imagine this important looking woman was unaware of what was happening under the brief case.
She lent over sideways reaching for the coffee cup momentarily parting her knees to maintain balance flashing a pair of white inner thighs above the stockings. The illicit view of her legs was having its effect making them ever more complicit in the game.
Studying a document she slowly leaned over toward the side table with a leg sliding outward supporting her weight. A surreptitious glance in their direction was missed by them as their eyes were hooked by her crotch slowly coming into view. With a smile of satisfaction at the bulges in their trousers she straightened up still holding the cup.
Feigning interest in the document she concentrated, not on it, but on not laughing. She lent to her left sliding her left leg outward dragging her knees apart as though unaware of what she was doing. The two men had squashed themselves lower in the sofa anticipating the delightful sight of her panties like mischievous school boys with all attempts at conversation abandoned.
With the cup balanced in its saucer she held the pose for a moment attempting to catch her personal waiter's eye. She needn't have waited he was studying her with keen interests. A nod of her head was all he needed to bring over a refill.
The movement was watched more closely by the two businessmen though it was not the smile they were waiting for. As though they had willed her legs to part her casual movement revealed what they had been anticipating. The white of her panties may have matched her teeth but they hadn't notice. Their faces glowed with satisfaction from this small reward to their combined concentration.
The coffee was delivered with the same demure demeanour changing to a lasting grin reflected from her broad open mouthed smile of thanks. Whether he was too frightened to get close to her they didn't consider but were thankful the coffee was just a bit further away. She leaned over to reach the cup revealing garter straps tightening upon her pale thighs pulling against the resistance of the clinging stockings. There was a touch of bondage to the sight of these straps clasping her thighs to one of the men sitting there attempting to be a casual customer. He lifted the cup noticing his hand quiver slightly. He took a swig of coffee from the empty cup the act falling short of perfect.
While she fiddled with a bag of sugar she continued to lean over then stirred it well in. The two men sweated, despite the air conditioning, examining the little white triangle of perfection. She stole a crafty look at them as she straightened up knowing they were preoccupied with her crotch.
She too scanned their crotches and was pleased to see the effect her performance had produced. The bulge in their trousers was difficult to hide behind a coffee cup held above their laps. They couldn't have been more mesmerised if she had been lap dancing before them.
It was time to go. She slipped the papers into the briefcase and slid it to the floor careful to roll her skirt back in place maintaining her innocence. With her knees correctly placed together she reached for the coffee noticing they had turned to each other with an attempted murmur of conversation.
She stood, straightened the suit and strode over to the counter to pay, feeling three pairs of eyes following every move. She left a generous tip and left the store. Unsure of which way to turn she hesitated and caught sight of the two men, their mouths and heads waging excitedly. She knew the subject but wished she could hear their animated conversation. Looking out for Mister Smith she spied him looking absent minded into a store front so strode away toward him.
"Mission accomplished!" She declared on sidling up to him.
"I do think I should be the judge of that." He smiled.
"Well, the practise session has been completed now for the challenge."
The grin dropped from her face on hearing this hadn't been the full training session. 'Well.' She thought. 'What did I expect, it was too easy and I enjoyed it. Besides, there's always one more task ready to stretch my nerve to breaking point.'