Rochelle and her boyfriend John were sitting in the back of the movie theater. They had come to watch an action movie at John's request. Rochelle didn't remember the title, nor did she really care to see the movie. She was certain John had likely seen it before otherwise he wouldn't have asked her to wear his "favorite" tank top and mini-skirt. Her top was a blue v-neck which gave ample view of her breast and her mini-skirt was actually a lot shorter than she would normally wear in public. When she bent over just right one could almost make out the tip of her panties. Both allowed very easy access to her body both visually and physically.
So it was no surprise to her when John began kissing her. She pressed her lips against his and enjoyed the savory impassioned kiss. As they were making out in the darkness of the movie theater, only the light of the screen the only illuminated their bodies. John moved his hand over her chest and into her tank top. He could feel her nipples hardening against the tips of his fingers as he glided them over the tips. While not particularly large, Rochelle's breast filled out her top nicely. A loan moan escaped her lips as he tweaked her nipple.
Rochelle shifted in her seat as the small amounts of pleasure slowly trickled through her. She hated being teased, but the buildup almost always lead to a much more powerful orgasm. She was certain that her skirt had ridden up she was sure anyone who looked up would get a full view on her panties. Not that she cared at this point because John was kissing on her neck filling her with lust. She slowly began to lose herself in desire as John removed his hand from her breast and started to slide it down her body and up the hem of her jean skirt.
Rochelle felt his hand on her inner thigh. His touch wasn't as soft as her own, but it still felt nice. It was making her wet and she could start to feel it moistening her panties. John continued to slide his hand further up her skirt until he reached the outside of her panties. He could feel the inseam of the cherries that were printed on them. He liked these panties, they cupped her ass just right. As he guided his hand around the outside of her pussy he could hear her breathing was starting to pick up and feel her was squirming in her seat more.
John loved how quickly he was able to turn her one. It aroused him greatly that he could have this effect on his lover. Not that the exchange was entirely one sided, his cock had stiffened in his pants and he could feel the necessity for a release building. That necessity only grew as Rochelle moved her free hand to his crotch and began to lightly rub against his cock. This excited John who applied more pressure against Rochelle's pussy, causing her to moan a little louder than she would have liked.
John looked up at his lover and whispered a gentle, "Shhhh" in her ear. A quick glance around the movie theater revealed that no one had heard them. There wasn't many people in the theater to begin with and the only person sitting close enough to them to make out what was going on was firmly watching the movie. Emboldened and turned on, John pulled Rochelle's panties to the slide and began to slowly rub her clit. He could feel her wetness collecting on his fingers and her efforts to stifle her own growing moans and arousal indicated he was on the right path.
Rochelle arched her back as she felt not one, but two fingers enter into her wet pussy. While the movie was loud, Rochelle's moans were slightly louder than she had anticipated. She had removed her hand from her mouth that was stifling her moans to play with her breast. Her arousal getting the better of her, overriding the need to be stealthy. John of course wasn't helping as he dug two fingers into her while still sucking on her neck.
As Rochelle began to get a big louder she drew the attention of the lady sitting below them. She turned around and was shocked and very turned on to see the woman above her getting fingered. She remembered when her and her bf used to do the same thing. Even though she was an attractive in her own rights, she was sadly single now. She had come to the movies to take her mind off it her loneliness, instead she was treated to a show. The memories of her past came flooding back instantly filling her with desire.
She wanted to turn around but instead found herself drawn to the two young lovers. She had an unobstructed view of the young woman's legs spread with her boyfriend's hand pressed firmly between them. Even in the low light of the theater she could make out the flushness of her white cheeks and blond hair becoming more disheveled with ever toss of her head.
The sit above her hand caused her to lean back in her chair and slowly start to stroke her breasts through her shirt. While she had masturbated before coming to the movies, the live show rekindled the fire she had sworn she put out. It didn't take her long to unbutton her jeans and begin touching herself. Soon her own moans began to emit from her lips as she closed her eyes briefly to enjoy the pleasure wave that took her. It was much louder than she had wanted and it drew the attention of John who didn't recognize the sound.
By the time she had opened her eyes, she could see John looking at her. A devilish smile on his face as he quickened his fingering of Rochelle. He had placed her hand back on her mouth to keep her from making too much noise. The stranger below them initially had a fearful look in her eyes at being caught. Ever instinct told her to stop, but the lustful look John was giving her encouraged her onward. John could see her loosen up more as she relaxed into her masturbation routine.
She watched as John continued to pleasure Rochelle pussy driving her crazy. John moved Rochelle's leg up to give the stranger a better look at her pink pussy. The stranger pushed her jeans around her ankles exposing her milky chocolate legs. One of her hands was in her white panties and the other was rubbing her breast under her shirt. The Nubian princess had her eyes fixed on the two lovers as they continued their passion in earnest.
Then it happened, Rochelle began to cum. John pushed her head into his chest to muffle her screams as she convulsed against him. However, there was no one to comfort there stranger as the sight of the young woman cumming sent her over the edge. She rolled her eyes and snapped her head to
the side as she came. John just sat there with his mass erection looking at the two beauties in their post orgasmic glow.
Both girls laid still for a moment as their orgasms subsided. The stranger still had her hand in her pussy enjoying the aftershocks of her orgasm. John could see her shaking a bit as he withdrew his fingers from Rochelle. Rochelle recovered first and opened her eyes to see John looking down. It didn't immediately register to her what he was looking at until she trained her eyes in the direction he was looking at.
She could see the stranger, still softly rubbing herself, eyes closed, pants around her ankles, breast slightly exposed working her way through the end of her orgasm. She kissed John, quickly putting together the facts through her orgasmic haze. She knew he had always wanted someone to watch them, but had never worked up the courage. Rochelle kissed John on the cheek, drawing his attention back to her. She then kissed him again before he could say anything, the smile on her face assaying all his fears.
When the stranger opened her eyes, she could see John and Rochelle kneeling on the floor next to her seat. Both smiling intently at her.
"So did you enjoy the show?" asked John in a low whisper.
The stranger nodded, still too embarrassed by her behavior to speak.
"That's good, you're damn sexy. Name's John, this is Rochelle. Nice to meet you"
"Ebony..." replied the stranger, fighting back her embarrassment. She started to cover herself when Rochelle interrupted her.
"Oh honey, shows not over yet. I have to return the favor, you're more than welcome to watch that too. Then perhaps we could take you home with us and we could continue there."
Ebony's eyes lit up and the invitation. John was surprised as well. He wasn't sure what had come over Rochelle but he liked it.
"I would love to" was the lust filled reply.
Rochelle sat John down and unbuckled his pants and pulled down his boxers. Ebony was surprised at the size of his cock. It was huge. All of her boyfriends had been hung like hamsters. She figured Rochelle was a very happy girl. She began to finger herself again as she saw Rochelle get on her knees and hike up her skirt, giving her a full view on her nice ass. She then watched her take John's cock in her mouth and begin to pleasure him.
Rochelle licked the head of John's cock. It was already releasing precum from the show that the two had put on. She loved the way it tasted as it slowly oozed out of the tip. Then she went to work by slowly taking it in her mouth, massaging the erection gentle with her lips. She began to bob up and down
on his cock. John leaned back in his seat and enjoyed the pleasure. His cock was throbbing and he knew that he wouldn't last long inside Rochelle's mouth.
Rochelle used one hand on his cock to stabilize it and the other was fingering herself up her skirt. Three fingers matched each up and down stroke. Ebony wasn't fair behind her, two fingers were inside her pussy, while her free hand stifled her moans. She was bucking in her chair as she tried to maintain eye contact with Rochelle's handy work. While he had to admit she was turned on by the look of pleasure on John's face and his thick cock, the Ivory Princess fingering herself was much more of a turn on. It had been a while since she had been with a woman but she was reminded why she preferred them to.
He soft cheeks glistened as she expertly went to down on her man and herself. Ebony's eyes closed on her as she gave into her passion, her body taking over. She wished that Rochelle was going down on her, while John's cock was buried in her mouth. The thoughts were too much for her as she was hit by another orgasm. Her back arching in pleasure as she bit down on her hand to keep herself from screaming out.
The low grunt caught John's attention as he looked down to see Ebony convulsing on the sheet beneath him. Seeing her cum a second time and the masterful work Rochelle was doing on his cock was too much to take. He grabbed the side the chair and held on, suppressing his moan as his cock tightened and exploded in Rochelle's mouth.
Rochelle felt everything from John's stiffening cock, to the explosion of cum against her tongue. Her also heard Ebony's low grunt and fixed her eyes on the goddesses beneath her. The pleasure on her face and the fact that she had just made two people orgasm was too much. With a couple more flicks of her clit, she too exploded in orgasm. She convulsed on the floor while trying to take John's cum that was in her mouth. She managed to swallow most of it, but some trickled down the side of her lip.
As the trio came down from their collective orgasms they began to compose themselves. Rochelle went to check on Ebony who was putting her pants back on. Rochelle looked her deep in the eyes and to everyone's surprise, kissed her deeply. Ebony could taste John on her lips and even licked up the little bit of cum that had spilled out of her mouth.
Temporarily sated, John enjoyed the show but knew he'd better stop them before they got too far along. Breaking the cardinal rule of interrupting some quality girl on girl action, John interrupted their kiss after he managed to get his pants back on.
"Come-on ladies, the night is young. Let's take this party on the road" suggested John. The two girls, reluctantly agreed to end their passion in favor to walk towards the exit so they could go back to their car. Everyone had ideas of what they wanted to happen tonight and hopefully for a few nights to come.