It has been awhile since Melanie has appeared in this series. To get up to date, she's in her mid-thirties, still single, and still working out at the gym to stay in shape for bikini weather -- not that she ever wears a swimsuit.
Melanie has left her old job and is a successful freelance writer of erotica, which means she doesn't have to go in to an office anymore. Working at home has its advantages, first and foremost being an extremely casual dress code (she usually wore only a t-shirt and shorts) and regular opportunities to work in the garden or take a dip in the pool.
One afternoon, about three weeks after she left her old job, Melanie was sitting at her kitchen table typing on her laptop and gazing out on the azure waters of her swimming pool. Except for the house behind her that had a clear view from the upstairs bedroom (see earlier From the Curtains stories for more about that), her yard offered her total privacy.
Apparently, she wasn't the only one who realized that.
As Melanie got up to use the bathroom, she thought she heard a noise outside, but she didn't think much of it. When she returned to the table, she was caught by surprise.
There was a young, slim dark-haired woman, who probably was in her early twenties, skinny-dipping in her pool!
Her initial reaction was to go outside and confront the young woman. Then, it occurred to her that she probably thought no one was home.
Deciding not to go out right away, Melanie looked around on the patio to see where the young woman had placed her clothes and towel. They were on a chair right outside the bedroom sliding door.
Quickly, Melanie slipped into her bedroom, pulled back the curtains a touch, and watched the young woman swimming laps. Pausing in the shallow end for a moment, she stood up, giving Melanie a full view of her body. She had petite breasts with perky nipples, a very tightly rounded butt, slim muscular legs, a trimmed pussy with a landing strip, and no tan lines.
Apparently, she lost them at Melanie's pool.
She didn't know why but something told Melanie to grab her camera and take some photos.
She zoomed in on the woman's face.
Click!
She pulled back for a frontal shot of her from the waist up.
Click!
She waited until she turned around and took a photo of her butt.
Click!
Melanie's heart was pounding now! She never realized how much she enjoyed watching!
As the young woman swam away toward the deep end, Melanie put her camera down, silently slid the door open a crack, reached out and snatched up the young woman's shirt, shorts, panties, bra, boots, and the towel she had brought with her. The shirt and pants matched and there was an ID badge attached to the shirt pocket. The young woman's name was Toni (her last name isn't important) and she worked for the power company as a meter reader.
With a smile on her face, Melanie decided she would have some fun with Toni. With the camera slung over her shoulder and a couple of towels under her arm, she stepped out the main door onto the patio, locking the door behind her with the numerical keypad. Only she knew the code, so Toni's clothes were safely locked inside. She placed the towels on a nearby table.
"Hi there," she said. "I'm Melanie. I live here. What are you doing here in my pool, besides swimming? Shouldn't you just read the meter and be on your merry way?"
Toni stopped swimming and turned to the sound of the voice, her nude body concealed under the water. Her face had a deer-in-the-headlights look on her face. She turned her head to where she thought she had placed her clothes but they were gone.
"I...I...hope you don't mind. I didn't think anyone was home."
Melanie looked down at her in the water, her hands on her hips.
"What you mean is you didn't think you would get caught."
Toni didn't make eye contact with her.
"I'm sorry. If you hand me a towel, I'll get dressed and leave and never do this again."
She looked around again for her clothes.
"If you're looking for your clothes," said Melanie. "I have them. They're locked away."
"May I please have them?"
"In due time."
Melanie smiled at Toni. "Technically, you are trespassing and I could have you arrested."
She pointed to the camera.
"I have the evidence right here."
Toni pleaded with her not to have her arrested.
"Or I could show these to your supervisor. You'd probably lose your job.
Toni pleaded with her not to show the photos to her supervisor.
"Please! Please! I don't want to go to jail or lose my job. I'll do anything you ask!" Melanie paced around the deck pondering Toni's offer.
"Let me think about that. While I do, I think I'll take a few more photos of you. Swim over to the shallow end and sit on the steps."
Realizing she had no choice, Toni swam to the steps and sat down.
"Now, put your legs out and lay back."
Toni obeyed.
Click!
"Play with your nipples."
Toni obeyed again.
Click!
"Put one hand between your legs."
Click!
A few more photos later, and Melanie no longer had to tell Toni what to do. She was rapidly rubbing her clit faster and faster and playing with her nipples.
She zoomed in on her breasts.
Click!
She zoomed in on her clit.
Click!
Melanie switched the camera to video mode. She captured Toni bringing herself to orgasm. When she was done, she laid back again on the steps, relaxing.
"That was wonderful," said Toni.
Melanie smiled.
"Glad you enjoyed yourself. It looked wonderful, too."
Toni couldn't help but notice the wet spot on Melanie's shorts and the hardness of her nipples through the T-shirt.
"It looks like you enjoyed watching me, too."
Melanie slipped off her now soaking-wet shorts and her T-shirt and placed them on the table. In her hand, she held a remote control for the camera. She set the camera on the table and focused the lens on the steps of the pool.
"Now, we'll take some of us together."
To be continued...