Challenge from my boy friend - dress as a prostitute and walk around in a shady area for 20 mins.
The wet nympho in me said yes. First step shopping. we walk around fashion street and pick up a red shiny low neck backless choli (blouse), a long red skirt with glass pieces messed in. I match it up with long silver earloops, dark kajol, overdo the red lipstick and thrown in a long transparent red dupatta to complete the randi in saree look.
We drive down to marine lines stn after sunset. I am to get down from the car and walk around for 20 mins soliciting work before he picks me up.
I am trembling with fear excitement nervousness. Surprised at my decision to step out of the car into the semi lit streets milling with people.
I walk out and look at my boyfriend who whistles and drives away. My pickup point is a good 20 min walk.
I walk slowly looking down at my legs feeling hundreds of eyes feasting me.
Its funny how when you are in a crowded place strangers would accidentally brush past you. Here i am dressed as a whore and people stare but keep a distance
I walk for 100 meters and then gain the courage to look up at the staring eyes, most look away on meeting my gaze. I walk now with more confidence. Few wolf calls and whistles I notice my boy friends car- he actually parked half way than the challenge of 1 km.
A 50ish aged sheth nods towards me. I am in two minds whether to walk towards him or walk away. I walk few steps away and stop at a dark area by the wall.
The seth walks towards me - rate kitna hai tera (what is your rate)
I open my mouth but no sound comes out, and i am blushing a darker shade of my lipstick. He asks me if im new here. I just walk away infact run towards the car.
3 college guys are standing near the car and they whistle and nod towards me. having my boy friend near me emboldens me to get into the car and ask kya chahiye raja.
They ask for my rate, I kick my boyfriend to start the car. he laughs at my humiliation and says doo hazar ek ganthe ka. Theeno ka sath mein char hazar discount mein. Room ka bada alag (2000 for an hr with one person but discounted price for the 3 of you is 4000 plus room rent). They ask for 1500 for all 3 of them. My boy friend pulls my pallu down and squeezing my breast says rapchik maal hai leelo(dnt miss the hot chick)
I am embarrassed and dripping wet. I pull up the dupatta and instead of covering my cleavage displaying chest I covered my head and face with only my eyes visible above my neck.
My bp would have shot up to 180 when one of the guys pulls up 2 hundred rupee notes and says if I can drop my choli and let them feel me up. I kick my boy friend to start the car. He gives me an evil grin and shows me the timer - another 5 mins pending. He tries to bargain for 1000. After couple of mins of bargaining in chaste mumbaiya hindi he agrees for 300 for dropping my choli but no one touches. he looks towards me with his devilish grin.
He too is surprised when I drop my choli. The bastard switches on the dashboard lights. I slap him hard and shout to start the car. The guys are whistling as I kneel down out of view when my boy friend finally starts the car. I am lying topless on the front seat with by head covered by my dupatta. My choli is in my boy friends hand and the lights are still on. He agrees to switch off the lights if I drop my skirt for a minute else drive by chowpatty with the lights on.
I plead with him to switch of the lights and give me my normal street clothes. I offer to change in the car in a dilapidated street.
He switches of the lights and drives towards the inner lanes of kemps corner and manages an isolated parking.
The evil grin is wider as I slowly sit up, look around the dark empty street. With the dupatta still around my head I drop my skirt. I can see his grin disappear when he noticed the big dark stain on my pink panties. He asks me in a gruff voice -kya rate hai tera randi?