Background
We were swimming in the gulf and my bikini fell completely off ( with a few tugs from my husband Ed)! Ed slipped his hard cock inside me and was slow fucking me with the rhythm of the waves.
There was no one else on the stretch of beach we were on except for a group of younger people about a half mile away. Ed took advantage of our seclusion, bouncing me up and down on his cock, bringing my nipples up out of the water. We were about 75 yards offshore. Ed was standing chest deep on a submerged sandbar with my legs wrapped around him. I had my eyes closed, enjoying the sound of the surf, the warm breeze on my hardening nipples and the feel of Ed's cock driving into me with every wave. We had been fucking like that for at least 10 to 15 minutes. I was moaning and edging closer to orgasm when I opened my eyes to look at Ed.
To my surprise, there were 3 guys on a boat less than 20 feet away! Ed had seen them slowly headed in our direction but didn't say a word to me. They had cut the engine and been quietly drifting our way while fishing. Ed wrapped one hand around my ass, pinning me on his hard cock as he began fucking me faster. Ed's favorite fantasy has always been about fucking me while someone was watching, so I knew there was no stopping him at this point (even if I had wanted to).
Standing on the deck of the boat and leaning over the railing, the guys had a clear view of the performance Ed was giving them. My tits were floating in plain sight and Ed pounded away faster and faster. It was so erotic, that when Ed shot his load inside me, I closed my eyes, screaming out as a wave of pleasure brought me to the edge of orgasm as the warm gulf water rolled over my body. I was almost there when Ed's cock slipped out of me, leaving my throbbing pussy empty and desperately horny!
I opened my eyes to the sound of applause as our 3 new friends showed their appreciation for the show. They even offered to take us on a nude sunset cruise! They were very friendly people down in Florida!
Chapter 1 Sunset Cruise
As the guys helped me get on board, they introduced themselves as Todd, Frank and Steve. I stood there completely nude and slightly shivering from the wind blowing across my wet naked body, making my nipples stiff and sticking out. The guys each grabbed a towel and began drying me off as they also took advantage of feeling up my ass and tits. They continued feeling me up until they were satisfied that I was thoroughly dry (although by now there was another wet spot between my thighs)!
Todd was the owner and captain of the boat. Todd said we needed to get underway so he returned to his captains duties in the cockpit while his two friends led me to the front of the boat.
"Where's Ed" I asked. Frank said "He went back to get the car so he could pick you up at the marina when we get back". I thought that was a bit odd, but didn't get a chance to question it as Frank called out "Susan bring the suntan lotion."
A young women probably in her early 30's appeared from below deck. She was topless, wearing just her string bikini bottoms, carrying a bottle of suntan lotion.
Frank pointed towards me and said "Ellen's going to need some lotion. Why don't you give her a good rub down! And by the way, Ellen, this is Susan. I suspect that you two will be good friends before the evening is over."
Susan directed me to lay down on a cushion on the deck and proceeded to rub generous amounts of lotion on my back, massaging it in vigorously. The warm sun on my back along with her massage felt great. When she finished my back, she squirted a thick glob on each ass cheek and said "We can't let a pretty ass like this get burned"! She massaged the lotion into the fleshy cheeks of my ass and finished up by placing her finger at the top of my ass crack and running her finger down, stopping just short of my pussy. It felt a little weird having another woman's finger in my ass crack, but at the same time, I found it a bit exciting. She continued down over the back side of my thighs and calves of my legs... finishing up with my feet. She lifted my right foot and sucked on my toes for a few seconds, before slapping my ass cheek and telling me to rollover so she could 'DO' my front side.
She straddled me and told me to close my eyes. I felt a cool squirt of lotion across my nose, over my left cheek and running down my neck. I heard Susan giggle and say to the guys "Now that is fucking hot! If it were cum, I would lick it off her pretty face and give her a hot wet cum kiss"! She smeared the lotion all over my face and began rubbing it into my face and neck. She covered my shoulders and chest before squirting a thick stream of lotion all over my tits. She moaned slightly at the sight of the thick white lotion covering my tits and began massaging it into my warm flesh... tweaking my nipples as she worked. "Nice tits!' she said in almost a whisper as she pulled the string holding her bikini bottoms on. As she continued playing with my tits, I felt her clit rubbing against me, slowly grinding away until she found my clit. We were both very wet and when her clit pressed against mine, it was like an electric shock went through my entire body.
"Mmmm... You like that don't you!" Susan said as she continued pulling lightly on my nipples, with her slick clitoris gliding up and down over my hot nub. In my mind I was screaming "Fuck Yess!" but all that managed to escape my lips was a very breathy 'yes' between gasps.
Frank had dropped his pants and positioned himself behind Susan. She slowly backed her wet cunt toward his stiff cock as she kissed her way from my tits, down my stomach, to my pubic mound, teasingly licking and kissing all around my clit.
Frank and I both moaned at the same time as his cock sank into Susan's hot, wet pussy and her warm tongue flicked back and forth over my clit!
Susan pressed two fingers between my labia and slowly slid them up and down and back up over my clit. I could feel her hot breath on my clit as she pushed her two fingers deep inside me. She sucked on my clit as her fingers massaged my g-spot. I quickly found myself experiencing my first orgasm at the hands (and mouth, tongue and fingers) of another woman! My body shook as wave after wave of pleasure coursed through my body.
My eyes were still closed, but I could hear Susan laughing, pleased that she could bring me to orgasm so easily. But her laughter quickly turned into moans as Frank's hard cock pounded away inside her. Suddenly Frank stopped, slapped her on the ass and commanded "Turn around! I wanna cum in your mouth!".
Susan did as she was told and her gaping, well fucked cunt was now staring me in the face. Before I could react, I saw Steve's lubed up cock sliding between Susan's ass cheeks and his big cock easily slid into her tight asshole!
Prior to that, I was debating with myself as to whether I should lick Susan's clit, since I had never done anything like that before. But now with Steve's weight pushing her down, her pubic mound was resting on my chin and her clit was pressed to my lips. My tongue instinctively darted out and gave me my first taste of another woman's pussy. Mmm... not bad, I thought... much like Ed's cock after he has fucked me.
I sucked her clitoris up between my lips and darted my tongue back and forth over it. I heard Susan moan and she said "Ohh fuck Yesss... eat my fucking pussy!". She seemed to appreciate my attention to details, so I darted my tongue into her pussy as I rolled my thumb over her clit. Between licks, I inserted two fingers into her pussy and began massaging her g-spot. I could feel the bottom side of Steve's big cock through the soft hot flesh of her pussy as he drove deep into her ass with every stroke.
I was eagerly lapping away at Susan's wet pussy when I heard Frank grunting and Susan's muffled moans indicating that he was cumming in her mouth. Steve quickly followed suit, dumping his thick hot load of cum deep in Susan's ass. As he withdrew his cock, a thick glob of cum oozed from his cock, covering her ass and dripping down onto my face.
Susan was was in desperate need of an orgasm at this point, so she sat up and began to grind her pussy against my mouth. "Eat me! Eat my fucking pussy til I cum all over your face!" she screamed!
I obliged, licking her clit and then thrusting my tongue in and out of her pussy and back to her clit again. I licked up the remnants of Steve's cum and sucked on her clit until I felt her body beginning to shudder and her juices flowed out of her, covering my face and running down my neck.
Susan turned and collapsed beside me. She took my face between her hands and kissed me, tonguing the remnants of Frank's cum into my mouth! As she broke the kiss, she looked at me and said "I think I'm in love with your fucking mouth!".
My body was still trembling with excitement. That was the wildest experience I have ever had and I could feel my wet pussy throbbing with the need for something big, hot and hard inside me! Susan sensed my need as she slowly raked her fingernails over my nipples... down my stomach and across my throbbing clit. She gently pulled at my thighs spreading me open, as she stroked and tugged at my pussy lips, before sliding two fingers inside me.
My back arched at her gentle touch, aching for more. Susan whispered in my ear "Don't get too carried away! Frank and Steve are going to want a piece of this pussy as soon as they recover." She slid her fingers out of my pussy and down my ass crack where she pressed it tightly against my asshole and said "And I'm pretty sure Todd is going to want to fuck this tight ass of yours when we get out to the point."
When we finally got out past the point, I heard Todd cut the engines and Frank dropped the anchor overboard. The sun was still pretty high on the horizon, but there were already a lot of other boats waiting for sunset. Todd came up from below deck with a tray of shots and exclaimed "Let's get this party started!". After passing around margarita sunset shots, he raised his glass and toasted "To new friends and new experiences!". Frank quickly added "And to hot women that love to fuck!". Next came the tequila sunrise shots and a toast from Steve "To tight, wet pussies and the big, hard cocks that pump them full of cum"!
It was obvious that my pussy was going to be the next target for at least three loads of thick... hot... creamy cum! My pussy was throbbing with desire and I began to feel the buzz from the shots. Todd reached out and took me by the hand saying "Why don't we find you a more comfortable place to sit" as he lead me to the back of the boat. He sat me up on a large storage locker that had a padded seat cushion on top. Todd positioned himself between my legs and unzipped his pants. "Play with your pussy!" Todd commanded as he unbuckled his pants and let them fall to the deck. I did as I was told and began lightly rubbing my clit. Todd watched me insert two fingers as he stroked his hardening cock. "Spread it open, I want to see if it's wet enough yet!"
I spread the lips of my pussy, giving him a clear view of my wet pink flesh that few have ever seen. I saw his cock throb as it swelled to full length and a glob of precum glistened at the tip. That was when I noticed that Susan was standing behind Todd, holding a video camera that surely showed everything that Todd was seeing. I quickly forgot about the camera when I felt the tip of Todd's cock pressing against my opening as he slowly rubbed it up and down the full length of my slit... coating my lips with his precum and sliding the tip just inside me. He continued sliding the tip of his cock just inside my pussy lips and up over my clitoris until the head of his cock was glistening with my juices.
He slowly worked the head of his cock into me, making sure I was well lubricated before he thrust the full length into me. "Oh Fuck!.. That's a hot, tight pussy!" Mean while I was thinking "Oh Fuck!.. That's a really big hard cock!" Todd's cock was fucking huge! He had me stretched tight and the head of that huge cock would glide over my g-spot and then bump against my cervix with every thrust! Todd was holding my ankles with my legs spread wide as he pounded away inside me. Frank and Steve had moved to either side of my head and both were stroking their hard cocks just inches from my face! I turned my head and flicked my tongue over Steve's cock. He moved closer and shoved his cock into my mouth so I could suck it while flicking my tongue back and forth over the tip.
Frank moved up on the cushion and began rubbing his cock all over my face as I continued sucking Steve's throbbing cock. Soon I was alternating back and forth sucking and licking both hard cocks. Getting the attention of three hard cocks along with buzz from the shots had me in a state of erotic bliss that I had never experienced before. Todd's cock was filling me with delirious pleasure from head to toes, as I stroked and sucked the two cocks that were smearing precum and saliva all over my face.
Frank tilted my head in his direction and began fucking my mouth with long, deep thrusts. I think Frank was close to cumming in my mouth when Todd suddenly pulled out ( I think he was getting close to cumming too!), slapped me on the ass and told me to rollover and assume the doggy position. I quickly complied and Steve slid underneath me. Steve was stroking his cock, rubbing the tip up and down the length of my wet slit when I felt a cold glob of lube squirted on my ass... followed by Todd's finger as he spread the lube all over and into my asshole. Todd inserted two fingers in my ass, stretching me open and getting me ready to take his hard throbbing cock.
I had never been a big fan of anal sex with Ed, but the thought of these two cocks so completely filling me, had my heart racing with excitement. I felt Todd's fingers slide out of my asshole, replaced with the tip of his stiff cock pressing against my sphincter. He had only inserted a little over half of the head of his cock, when a sensation of both pleasure and pain shot through me. Todd grabbed my hips and slowly continued to press the head of his cock into me. "Ohh Fuck!" I cried out and Todd paused, giving my ass time to get accustomed to his massive cock.
Steve tried to distract me from the pain by flicking his cock back and forth over my clitoris. It must have worked, because a few minutes later they were both buried balls deep inside me. They slowly built up to a faster and faster rhythm sending a shock wave of pleasure through my body. My mouth was open, gasping for air when Frank decided it was a good time to continue fucking my mouth. I was in a state of absolute sexual bliss, completely filled with three cocks.
They had been fucking me like this for about 15 minutes when I began to wonder which one would cum first. I soon got my answer when I heard Todd begin to grunt and felt his hard cock start throbbing as he unleashed spurt after spurt of his hot thick cum into my ass! Frank quickly followed, holding onto my head as he face fucked me, filling my mouth with his cum. Franks body shuddered with each spurt, the four that he put in my mouth and and the fifth that he shot onto my forehead and down across my nose.
"Don't swallow it yet! I want pictures of my cum in your mouth!". I had almost forgotten about Susan and her camera. She stepped closer to get a better shot of Steve's cum running down my face and dripping from the corner of my mouth. I felt Todd's softening cock slip out of my ass along with a glob of his cum that I felt running down my leg. I sat upright on Steve's cock, eager to make him cum. I so wanted to have all my available holes full of cum! I felt like a fucking cum slut as I put on a show for Susan, opening my mouth and letting Franks cum dribble out, running down my chin and dripping onto my tits. I massaged the cum into my tits, squeezing them and playing with my nipples.
My little show seemed to be having a positive affect on Steve, as he began thrusting his cock harder and faster into my pussy. "Ohh Yess... That's it! Fill my fucking pussy up! Make me your fucking cum slut!" I hissed between clenched teeth as I too was about to cum! Steve bucked hard underneath me, making my tits bounce with every thrust. I heard a low growl and felt the first spurt of his hot gooey cum blast into my one remaining cum hungry hole, as I too began to orgasm! My pussy clenched his cock tightly with each wave of orgasmic pleasure that coursed through my body. Steve kept cumming in spurts until he had overflowed my pussy and his cum was running out of me and covering his balls.
When I rolled off of Steve, Susan was right there with the camera, instructing me to lay back and spread my pussy so she could get some good shots of my cum covered body. Frank's cum was matted in my hair, covering my face and tits and a little still clinging to the corners of my mouth. Todd's cum was still oozing from my ass and Steve's massive cum load was everywhere as it ran out of my overflowing pussy! "That's a wrap!" Susan exclaimed as she threw me a towel and walked over and inserted the SD card from the camera into a notebook computer before heading below deck.