I wrote this story a number of years ago, in fact it was my very first erotic story. I received a couple of comments on my Kristy stories, also here on Literotica, suggesting that the sex was too long coming, or a bit understated. Okay, that's me as an author. As a reader or viewer of adult entertainment, I prefer when a story or video is 95% story, and 5% sex. That's what I like to read, so that's what I write. I hope you enjoy my story!
*****
Jenny Brite's meteoric rise to become one of Hollywood's top actresses seemed to happen overnight. But, like most stars, she had toiled for several years making commercials, and appearing in small parts in movies and on television. Acting alternated with her second career as a waitress on Sunset Boulevard. But when she was 26, Jenny landed the starring role in what was to become a major hit, a romantic comedy called "The Other Girl Next Door." From that point, Jenny Brite quickly became a household name.
She was truly a classic beauty. Petite and slender, with straight auburn hair flowing over her shoulders, Jenny had had high cheekbones, flawless skin, naturally rosy cheeks, and stunning blue eyes. Her breasts were rather small, but she always wore a padded push-up bra, which gave the appearance of a 34C bust, to go with her 23-inch waist and 34-inch hips.
That role was quickly followed by another romantic comedy, starring opposite her future husband Josh Garret, who had once been touted by People Magazine as the "Sexiest Man Alive." And the storybook romance caught the attention of the entertainment world like few ever had. One of Hollywood's top leading men, now wed to America's Sweetheart, was the story people craved. Two years later, when she gave birth to little Joshua Garret Junior, Jenny made the cover of almost every magazine in the grocery store.
She was turning out a new film each year, every one a romantic comedy, and every one a box office smash. With her unbroken string of successes, Jenny had been tagged by the media as the current "America's Sweetheart." This informal title had once held by the likes of Meg Ryan, Julia Roberts, and Sandra Bullock, some very impressive company.
Try as they may, the paparazzi had been unable to dig up any dirt on Jenny. They looked for a history of drugs or alcohol problems, but she had neither. They couldn't even find so much as a traffic ticket. They tried desperately to find any nude photographs that might exist, but there were none to be found. For despite her physical beauty, Jenny was very shy about her body. Her contract, at her absolute insistence, contained a no-nudity clause, and she had even declined when asked to appear in one scene clad in only her bra and panties.
And while her films might well have been described as "chick flicks," guys seemed to love her movies as much as women did, simply because they wanted to watch anything with Jenny Brite in it. She worked hard to reclaim her pre-childbirth figure, and she was now earning ten million dollars per film. By the time she was 32, Jenny had the world at her feet. She was financially well off, she was immensely popular, gorgeous, healthy, and married to the love of her life. On top of that, the most important part of her life was her beautiful young son. She truly had it all. But somehow, she felt that something was missing.
What Jenny really wanted, and she told her agent this, was to make other types of films. With five hit movies behind her, all romantic comedies, she wanted to try something different. She wanted to star in a drama, or better yet, an action thriller, but something that would allow her to broaden her horizons as an actress. Jenny wanted to play a cop, or a private detective, or possibly an FBI agent. She wanted to dodge bullets, catch the bad guys, maybe even save the world! But she didn't want to do any more romantic comedies, at least not for a while.
Her agent, however, disagreed. Paul Tepper, one of the top agents in Hollywood, managed some of its most successful talent. It was he who had spotted Jenny in a commercial for a floor cleaner, and he'd immediately recognized her star potential. He quickly signed her to an exclusive contract, and set her on the road to stardom. But, in his wisdom, Tepper knew Jenny was best suited for the types of roles that had made her a star. He landed her another romantic comedy, and it was destined to become another hit.
It was at this point that Jenny's life started to unravel. It began when she was driving home from the studio, after viewing the final cut of her sixth film, several weeks prior to its scheduled theatrical release. Proceeding down Sunset Boulevard at the speed limit, another vehicle ran a red light at high speed, striking her car broadside on the passenger side. Had anyone been sitting on that side, they very likely would not have survived. Jenny, wearing her seatbelt, suffered numerous bruises and contusions, but her neck was jerked violently by the impact, resulting in a whiplash-type injury.
Following a short stay in the hospital, Jenny was released with instructions to undergo physical therapy, and with a prescription for OxyContin to help control the pain. Never having been a drug user, Jenny was hesitant to try the powerful narcotic, which she knew only by reputation. But the severe, unrelenting pain in her neck eventually persuaded her to give it a try.
And it worked! A short time after swallowing one of the tablets, the pain had almost completely vanished. What a relief! Jenny had never experienced anything like the pain from her injured neck, and now the pain was all but gone; at least for a while. When the pain once more became unbearable, she quickly took another OxyContin. And that was the beginning of her fall from grace.
Jenny did her therapy as instructed, but without the OxyContin, the pain would invariably return. Her husband Josh became concerned, and made her promise to cut back on the pills. She tried, but the pain would soon grow intolerable again. Not wanting to upset her husband, Jenny Brite went behind his back, using her star power to go "doctor shopping." She easily found several physicians willing to write her a prescription, each of which she filled at a different pharmacy, paying cash each time. Without even realizing it, Jenny had become addicted to the powerful narcotic.
She was able to hide that addiction for a while, but Josh soon began to grow suspicious. Once, leaving little Joshua with Josh's sister Rebecca, they headed off on a long drive to a bed and breakfast inn for the weekend. Jenny switched her purse just before leaving, and forgot to pull her pill stash out of its hiding place. Her injury had largely healed, and she was no longer feeling any significant neck pain by this point. But without being able to satisfy her addiction, withdrawal symptoms quickly began to creep up on her.
She seemed a little cranky when they arrived at the bed and breakfast, and after what was supposed to be a romantic dinner at a local seafood restaurant, she began to sweat. This was followed by a feeling so cold, she couldn't stop her teeth from chattering. Her heart seemed to be pounding so hard in her chest, she was afraid she might be having a heart attack. She was vomiting, and diarrhea hit during the night, as well. Jenny insisted it must be food poisoning, but Josh was skeptical; they had both eaten the same thing for dinner, and he had no symptoms.
They headed for home on Saturday morning, following a sleepless night for both. As soon as they arrived home, Jenny made a beeline for her hidden stash, and eagerly swallowed one of the blessed painkillers. Josh was suspicious at her behavior, and followed her, catching Jenny red-handed. A major fight ensued, but Jenny eventually broke down, admitted the truth, and promised Josh that she would quit the pills. She gave him the bottle of OxyContin, the contents of which he promptly flushed down the toilet.
But while Jenny's intentions were good, her addiction was far stronger than her willpower. She had hidden the pills in several other places, and was soon feeding her craving again. She couldn't hide the truth from Josh for long, though, and after another major fight, Josh packed some things and moved out, taking little Joshua with him. Despite her pleas, Josh figured that Jenny needed a dose of tough love, and that this might shock her into getting the help she needed.
***
Jenny thought her life had hit a low point, but she had no idea. Josh had figured that his leaving would convince her to get help, but several months later, when he realized she wasn't going to do what it would take to help herself, in desperation, he filed for divorce. The custody battle that followed was bitter, but Josh was ultimately granted full custody of their son, with Jenny only being allowed supervised visitation. The judge had suggested that, once Jenny could demonstrate that she was past her addiction, she might then be awarded joint custody. Josh even hinted that he might take her back, if she could just clean herself up.
By this point, Jenny hadn't made a movie in nearly two years. Josh was still acting, and to Jenny's dismay, she read in a tabloid that he had become romantically involved with a co-star, Kellie Bennett. Kellie was primarily a Broadway stage actress, and Jenny soon learned that Josh had moved to New York to be with his new love, taking little Joshua with him. Again, Jenny thought she had hit bottom, but the worst was yet to come.
Jenny and Josh had always kept their finances separate, and Jenny had unwisely invested her entire fortune with a brokerage house known as Andrew Simpson & Associates. When she learned that Andrew Simpson had been arrested by the FBI for running several financial scams, and that her entire fortune was gone, Jenny began to panic. She and Josh owned their three million-dollar house outright, and she had her BMW, but she didn't have more than a few thousand dollars in her checking account. Everything else was gone. She vaguely remembered that property taxes would be coming due soon, and she knew she didn't have enough cash to pay them. And she was ashamed to ask Josh for help.
Jenny knew she had to go back to work, and she made a call to her agent, Paul Tepper. His reception was cool, however. He had tried repeatedly to get Jenny back to work, but she had mostly ignored him. She'd been largely out of the public eye for a couple of years, with the exception of the paparazzi, who'd had a field day with her drug problem, blowing it far out of proportion in their lurid stories. When Paul finally agreed to meet with her later that week, he saw a woman who was but a shadow of her former self. Her hair had lost its luster, her pale cheeks no longer held that rosy glow, even her eyes were dull and lifeless. She had lost about fifteen pounds, by his guess, and she had always been slender, with never an ounce of fat visible.
He promised he'd make some calls, but Jenny Brite was no longer the hot property she had once been. Producers no longer had any interest in placing her in the starring roles that had been laid at her feet, back when she was America's Sweetheart. She had an offer for a small role, from a young producer who had benefited from her extreme popularity a few years back. She didn't want this small role, though, and she begged her agent for some other choices.
Paul introduced her to another agent, Arnie Levin, but Arnie didn't seem interested, either. After a private meeting, Arnie did promise to introduce her to yet another agent, Sam Gordon, who might take her on. She met with Gordon, and he seemed eager to sign her up. Apparently, he still saw star potential in Jenny, while both Paul and Arnie were afraid she'd damaged her name beyond repair. Paul released her from the exclusive contract they had maintained for so many years, thinking she was signing with Arnie Levin. If he'd known she was signing with Sam Gordon, however, he would have cautioned her to keep away from him.
So Jenny Brite signed with the new agent, one whose reputation had at that time eluded her. Sam Gordon promised her the sort of roles she had so long desired, with a chance to play a cop or an FBI agent, starring in action films. Gordon even arranged an advance payment of a hundred thousand dollars against her first film, and Jenny was now financially solvent again. And to his credit, he did finally convince Jenny to enter a rehab program, to kick the OxyContin addiction. He wanted her to be clean and fresh for her return to the spotlight.
She completed her six weeks of rehab. The program was difficult, but when she came out, her mind crystal clear for the first time in nearly two years, Jenny could see clearly how badly she had messed up her life. She hired a personal trainer, determined to get herself back in shape, even bulk up a little, in preparation for her dream role.
Gordon sent her three scripts to read, each with her in the leading role of an action film, and he told her she could have her pick. After reading each script three times, she chose a cop thriller where she was to play a homicide detective named Kim Callaghan. Her character was to be kidnapped by a gang of eight bad guys late in the film. She would be rescued in a fabulous shootout, during which she would overpower two of the bad guys herself, take their guns, and shoot her way out. Jenny knew it was hoaky, but she was eager for the role, and eager to be working again.
She was to be paid only a half a million dollars for the film, plus residuals; having earned ten million per film during her peak, this was a big step down. But she wanted to get her career started again, and she saw this film as the best opportunity to accomplish this. So when Jenny signed the contract with the new studio to make the film, she did so eagerly, but without reading many of the details. She had figured it was a standard contract, and glanced through the multi-page document, but neglected to peruse the details. This oversight would come back to haunt her.
Things were looking up for Jenny, and she waited for filming to begin. Josh had come to visit for a few days, bringing Joshua, now six years old, with him. With her mind clear for the first time in almost two years, Jenny apologized for her horrid behavior, and begged her ex-husband's forgiveness. Josh had split from Kellie Bennett, and was happy with the change he saw in Jenny. He still loved her, and he was even dropping hints about possibly coming home for good.
And Jenny was thrilled to be working again. She liked her new director, Ben Wilde, and she liked the role she was playing. Most of the low budget film was soon in the can, but she learned Wilde wanted to reshoot the kidnap and final gun battle scenes, with a few strategic changes. She did find that this sort of film was a lot more work than a simple romantic comedy, but she was still enjoying herself, regardless of the long hours. The cast and crew took Sunday off, with the hope of wrapping production by the following Friday.
***
Monday morning, Ben Wilde, the director, handed Jenny a new copy of the script, telling her that some minor rewriting had been done for the kidnap and final shootout scenes, and pointing out that a number of scenes already in the can would have to be redone. No problem, thought Jenny, until she began to read through the revisions. There must be a mistake, she assumed, when she read that the bad guys had been rewritten as quite a bit more sadistic than in the original shoot. As soon as they had the detective character, Kim Callaghan, back at their hideout, she was going to be stripped naked and gang-raped by eight guys!
Jenny immediately protested to the director, citing the no-nudity clause in her contract. At this, Ben Wilde actually laughed out loud, what seemed to Jenny a diabolic tone to his laughter. He tersely explained that her contract did not have a no-nudity clause, and that the producers would never have signed her to one that did. She protested again, threatening to quit the film if the scenes weren't restored. Wilde laughed again, then sent an assistant to bring a copy of the contract Jenny had so trustingly signed.
Jenny pored over every word, trying to find the no-nudity clause, but it simply wasn't there. Further, the contract stated that if, for any reason, Jenny Brite failed to complete the film, precisely as directed by Ben Wilde, that the hundred thousand dollar advance was to be returned immediately; in addition, the full cost of production would be recoverable from her in court. Jenny tried to reason with Wilde, but he coolly explained that while he was taking a chance with a has-been like her, he still hoped to make big bucks from this film. And what better way to get people to pay money to watch his film, than by putting America's Sweetheart on the big screen, naked as the day she was born?
Jenny was stunned by the sudden callousness in Wilde's tone. She felt she'd been betrayed, although she couldn't think of anyone to blame it on. Jenny pleaded with the director to be reasonable, but his heart was hard. He told her she would film the scene exactly as in the rewritten script, and that she would do it without giving him a problem. Sure, she could be embarrassed, in fact, so much the better. But if she made it too difficult for him, he had plenty of ways to make it even more difficult for her.
Stunned, Jenny could only shake her head in disbelief. Sure, she'd signed the contract, in the naive belief that it would be like any other contract she'd ever signed. Of course, her former agent Paul Tepper had always been on her side, ensuring she was being dealt with openly and fairly. But she was on her own now, with nobody looking after her interests. It appeared she had no choice but to proceed.
Jenny Brite was well-known in Hollywood for her ability to get scenes right on the first take. As a rule, it was only when another actor blew his lines, or the lighting, makeup, or some other detail was wrong, that a retake became necessary. Wilde wanted to wrap the film up as soon as possible, so he made Jenny an offer. He would clear the set of all but the most critical crew and other personnel, to minimize her embarrassment. But if her actions caused any retakes, he would bring more crew members in to watch. If she screwed up too many times, he'd make it an open set, and invite tourists off the street to film her with their own video cameras!
Jenny knew she'd been had. True to his word, once the scene was set up, Wilde cleared the set of all extraneous personnel, including lighting men, gaffers, grips, makeup, hairstylists, and almost everyone else. Only the assistant director, five cameramen, and the eight actors playing the bad guys were present.
Jenny tried to rationalize what it appeared she was going to have to do by reminding herself what a mess she'd made of her life with those horrid pills. If this was her punishment, well, it looked like she had little choice but to go through with it. She was terrified, though. The only men who had ever seen her naked were her doctor, two boyfriends, and eventually her husband. And now, thirteen more people were going to see her bare breasts, and all the rest! But what else could she do? The consequences of refusing were worse.
The scene began with two of the bad guys dragging Detective Kim Callaghan out of the van and into the house. She was taken to a living room, where the eight actors, in character, gathered around her. When the bad guy leader, armed with a 45 caliber handgun, uttered the command to strip, she slowly began to fumble with her blazer. Under the gray blazer, Jenny wore a white blouse, with slacks which matched the blazer, along with her usual padded, push-up bra and cotton panties, both white.
When the fumbling had exceeded a full minute of film time, the director called for filming to cut. He patiently instructed Jenny that, while she was doing extremely well looking embarrassed, she was moving much too slowly. The entire stripping scene was to fill a good four minutes, but she couldn't spend so much time on just her blazer. They started again, and this time the blazer was gone in twenty seconds. But after a minute and a half, shaking nervously, she'd only undone the first two buttons on her blouse.
Wilde cut again, and ordered Jenny to strip naked right now, in front of the eight participants. She could take as long as she needed, but then she would dress again, and with the film running, she would strip in the required four minutes. Wilde even ordered the cameramen and assistant director off the set, so only he and the eight actors were present.
Jenny couldn't believe what she was being told to do. Still, aware that she had little choice, she began to undress. By the time she had her blouse and slacks off, standing in front of these nine men clad only in bra and panties, Jenny was softly sobbing. She had never been so embarrassed in her entire life. Wilde gave her a stern look, and she proceeded to remove her bra. She tried to cover her breasts, which surprisingly were not nearly as large as everyone had expected. She forced herself to drop her hands to her side when Wilde instructed her to.
Jenny was crying silently, her shoulders shaking with each sob, tears streaking her face. The actors watching her seemed nearly as embarrassed as Jenny herself did, but positive comments soon began to flow. Holding her eyes tightly closed, she couldn't help but listen to the actors' words. Surprisingly, she was finding each comment more flattering than the last. There were a couple of remarks about her breasts being smaller than they had expected, yet still quite attractive. Perky, one of the men said. The candid, complimentary words made her smile to herself.
On Wilde's command, she slowly dropped her panties, exposing her closely trimmed private area. She stood straight, hands at her sides, and on her own she turned a slow circle. Jenny's eyes were still tightly shut, but she drank in every compliment, actually gaining a measure of self-confidence as she stood there, so exposed. She was putting on a brazen show, she realized, and her small audience seemed to love it.
Wilde gently called her name, and she opened her eyes. The reality of the situation suddenly hit her again, and she tried to cover herself as the tears once more began to flow. She'd been seen nude by four men in her adult life, but that number had just tripled. The director told Jenny to get dressed again, and the actors respectfully turned away as she did. Wilde called the makeup artist in to fix her face, and told her he expected her to get the take right this time.
But with the cameras rolling, Jenny again froze up. She couldn't make herself unbutton her blouse, and she was soon crying again. This time, Wilde began to lose his patience. He cleared the room, and ordered Jenny to strip for him that instant. She did, hesitantly, and Wilde told her to step back. When she did, he picked up her clothes and walked off the set with them. He returned a few moments later to find Jenny crouching down, trying to cover herself with her hands, the tears again streaking her makeup.
He ordered Jenny to stand straight, place her hands on top of her head, and not to move. He then gave a signal to someone out of her view, and the eight actors silently returned, each staring cautiously at her lovely, nude body. Jenny started to cover herself, though, when the cameramen and assistant director followed the actors. Following them were five more members of the crew. Wilde ordered Jenny to place her hands back on her head, and she forced herself to do as she was told. She was then instructed to greet every member of the crew by name, making eye contact with each of them for no less than ten seconds as she did.
Jenny was now standing, naked as the day she was born, in front of twenty men she'd never met until she signed for this film. Choking back her tears, she willed herself to do as she was told. She said hello to Manny, to George, to Zack, and to each of the rest in turn. Surprisingly, her greetings were met with kind, even sympathetic eyes, not with the leering gazes she'd really expected. Several of the men answered her politely, looking her directly in the face, respectfully addressing her as "Ms. Brite." By the time she reached the last crewmember, Jenny had almost grown accustomed to her situation. Almost.
***
While the others were leaving, averting their eyes from the actress's still exposed form, Wilde brought back her clothes. Jenny dressed, and managed to compose herself a little while her hair and makeup were being touched up. She told the director that she was ready to shoot the scene now, and filming proceeded. This time, she went from fully clothed to nude in four minutes flat.
The gang-rape scene was entirely simulated, with the fully clothed actors taking turns climbing on top of her, although thankfully there were no close-ups of her spread legs. There were two instances of simulated oral sex, culminating with the final indignity her character had to suffer, anal rape. Through it all, Detective Kim Callaghan, as portrayed by Jenny, never uttered a single scream of protest; she'd stubbornly refused to give them the satisfaction.
The rape scene was handled as tastefully as such a scene could be, and when it was over, her character was locked, still nude, in the dark, damp cellar. A single light bulb hung from the ceiling, and the smell of mildew filled the air. She was handcuffed by her left arm to an old pipe on the wall, but once alone, she easily pulled the end of the rusty pipe from the wall, slipping the handcuff over the end. Jenny's character wrapped herself as best she could in a dirty blanket she found in a corner, and began to search for a way out.
Carefully stepping over some broken glass as she explored the cellar, Detective Callaghan soon located a window hidden behind a stack of cardboard boxes. Hardly a window, really, just a transom of fogged glass, barely a foot in height and two feet across, located just below the ceiling at ground level. It wasn't meant for entry or exit, only to allow a bit of sunlight and fresh air into the cellar, as needed. No sunlight was visible now, though. Kim Callaghan had lost track of the time; she only knew it was the middle of the night.
Callaghan found a gallon jug of stale water, and began to wash herself, trying to wipe away the filth those animals had left on, and in, her body. Jenny was nude for this scene, as well, but was working in a secluded corner of the set, with just Wilde and two cameramen present. And it was blessedly dark, allowing little more than her bare breasts to be captured on film. The detective dried herself with the dirty blanket, wrapped it around herself, and sat on a cardboard box filled with pornographic magazines. She tried to decide whether she could escape through the transom.
Her character could hear the men upstairs, most drinking heavily, many bragging about her, their most recent conquest. Raping a police detective was something these men would remember, and brag about, for years to come. She could even hear some of them saying they'd gone much too easy on her. She'd remained silent throughout the rape, and that had irritated her captors. Tomorrow they'd take her again, and this time they'd make her scream.
Detective Kim Callaghan thought she could climb through the narrow window and make a run for it. She wasn't exactly sure where she was, but she believed she was in a secluded spot somewhere a few miles northeast of the city. And she would be barefoot, but at least she'd have the blanket to wrap herself with. Despite the ordeal she'd just endured, the detective was in good physical condition, and she was fairly confident she could get far enough away without being seen. But she thought it best to wait until later, after her tormentors had fallen asleep.
Some time later, the house above her had grown silent, and Callaghan felt it was time to make her escape. Still wrapped in the blanket, she arranged some boxes so that she could reach the transom. It opened fairly easily, and all she would have to do was climb a little higher, and wriggle through the opening. The detective estimated it was about three in the morning, although she had nothing solid to base the guess on. She reached the open transom, when the director called for a cut.
Wilde told Jenny he had come up with an idea that would make the film even better, and she listened carefully. But she raised a protest when he told her that he wanted her to lose the blanket as she crawled through the window. It would get hooked on a nail, and as Jenny pulled herself through the window, the blanket would fall from around her and settle on the cellar floor. When she threatened not to do the scene, Wilde reminded Jenny of the contract she had signed, and of the consequences of refusing to film the movie exactly as the director wanted.
The escape scene was going to be filmed outside, too, in broad daylight, with night simulation lenses. Unlike the controlled environment of a sound stage, Wilde couldn't guarantee that no one would see her other than a skeleton crew. Jenny would climb through the window, and then filming would be moved to an exterior set in another area of the studio. Here she would be seen climbing through a similar cellar transom, only now she would be losing her only protection, the blanket.
Jenny asked to speak to Wilde in private, so he walked her, still wrapped in nothing more than the blanket, into a small conference room. The instant the door closed, she broke down sobbing, unable even to articulate the argument she already knew would never sway him. When she calmed herself enough to speak, she pleaded with the director not to make her film the scene outdoors, in the nude. Wilde listened patiently, and then reminded his star of the contract she'd so eagerly signed. He even offered a not-so-subtle threat that if she didn't do the scene, and do it well, she might find even more difficult challenges as filming continued.
Inside, Wilde was chuckling to himself. He really didn't care about the humiliation Jenny Brite was suffering; in fact, he was actually enjoying it, in a sadistic way. And he knew that the sleazier he could make the film, the more money he would make from it. He had nothing against Jenny, personally. He just saw her as a tool, one who could make him a small fortune, and guarantee his future as a top-rated director of exploitation flicks. This time, it was Jenny who was being exploited, and he knew she'd never work for him again. But there were always beautiful, desperate, out-of-work actresses out there. Still, he doubted he'd ever again get someone of her magnitude to do one of his films.
Again, Jenny knew she had no choice. They filmed the escape-from-the-cellar scene, with Kim Callaghan crawling through the open transom. Wilde had a rusty nail driven into a wooden box the detective was to climb on for her escape, and he ensured the blanket snagged on the nail. As Callaghan squeezed through the window, the blanket slipped from her breasts, but she expected to recover it once she was outside. The exterior scene would be filmed later that day, but from inside the cellar, she could be seen completing her window-crawl, naked but still clutching the precious blanket.
As the detective attempted to pull the blanket out after her, however, she realized it was caught on something. After several tries, she finally gave the blanket a jerk. This proved to be a mistake, as the wooden box fell over, nearly pulling the blanket from her clutching hands. A soft tearing sound could be heard, as most of the blanket fell to the cellar floor, leaving Kim Callaghan holding a ragged strip about six inches wide and four feet long. She thought about crawling back in to regain her only bit of protection, but thought better of it. They might have heard the box fall, and if they found her inside, she'd certainly suffer a fate even worse than what had already been discussed.
***
The scene was recreated a little later, now on the exterior lot. Jenny had to make the same crawl, creating the illusion that the building she was now standing outside of was the same one she'd been held captive in. Holding the torn strip of blanket in one hand, the handcuff still fastened to her left wrist, Detective Kim Callaghan rose to her feet, naked as she could be, and assessed her situation. After considering whether to try to recover the lost blanket, she stood up and looked around, trying to figure out where she would go.
Following Wilde's direction, and it now seemed to her that he was winging it, Jenny took off at a dead run towards a cluster of trees about a hundred yards away. Callaghan clutched the shredded piece of blanket as she started off towards the trees at top speed, glancing over her shoulder only once to determine whether her escape had been discovered. Jenny tried to stay in character, but her mind was racing with the reality of what she was doing. She was running across an exterior movie set, stark naked, in broad daylight.
This area was not as secure as a closed soundstage, and anyone on one of the nearby hills with a telephoto lens could be snapping photos of her as she ran. With modern, high resolution cameras, her face would be just as clear as her bare breasts and closely trimmed pubic hair. But with the other nude scenes already in the can, everybody was going to see what she looked like naked, anyway. She thought about her parents, her grandmother, her cousins, her neighbors, everyone she knew was going to get an eyeful now.
Once she reached the thin cover of the trees, Detective Callaghan tore the remaining strip of blanket into two pieces, wrapping one around each foot. At least the bottoms of her feet would be somewhat protected as she ran the next leg of her journey, wherever that might be. It occurred to her that she'd been running away from the main road, but she wasn't about to go back towards the house. In the dark, it looked like a hill ahead of her, and she figured the farther she got from the house, the better. She studied the house, checking for any sign of activity. There was none.
So Jenny Brite, wearing only the two scraps of blanket around her feet, was soon running up the hill, keeping the trees between herself and the house. By having her run up the same hill from different directions, Wilde was effectively simulating the detective crossing a series of hills. Fortunately, the skies had been cloudy enough all day to prevent the sun casting any shadows, which can detract from the overall effect of the night simulation lenses. Big budget productions would use computers to eliminate unwanted shadows, but Wilde couldn't afford such luxuries, so he said a silent thanks for the cloud cover.
This ended production for the day, but filming was to resume at daybreak tomorrow. Jenny was exhausted, and cried herself into a restless sleep that night. But she was ready to continue the next morning, although she still dreaded having to strip naked in front of everybody again. She doubted she'd ever get used to that.
The following morning, an exhausted Detective Kim Callaghan arrived at a paved road just as the sun was coming up. She flagged down the first car she saw, a red BMW 328 convertible, driven by an attractive young woman dressed in black. The woman stopped and picked up the worn out detective, who briefly explained what had happened, asking her for something to cover up with. The woman produced a blanket, a clean one, from her trunk, and Callaghan was soon snoring softly as her benefactor drove her to safety.
The detective awoke as the car pulled to a stop. She was momentarily confused, until the woman blew the horn. Kim looked up to see the house she had just escaped from the night before, with three of the rapists coming down the driveway towards them. Instinctively she tried to climb out of the BMW and run, but they were on her before she was out the door. The blanket she was covering herself with fell to the ground as she was dragged, naked and screaming, back into the house.
Jenny Brite had thought this was to be her final nude scene, and she was relieved the ordeal would soon be over. Then she was informed by the director of another rewrite. Her character about to face another round of gang rape, but the woman from the car was instructed to pull the naked detective away from the clutches of the vicious animals.
The cameras rolling again, the woman politely introduced herself as Laura, and explained that the leader of the gangsters was her boyfriend, and two others were her brothers. Taking Kim aside, she made her an offer. She said that she would help her get cleaned up, and get her some food. In exchange, the two of them would put on a girl-girl love show for the gang members. If Kim satisfied her, Laura would protect from another violent rape. Then she would "take care" of four of the guys herself, let Kim take care of the other four, and she promised it would all be done gently. Still rape, certainly, but perhaps not so brutal. And she assured the detective that she did have that kind of influence with them.
Of course, Jenny had objected when she read this new rewrite. If there was one thing Jenny Brite wasn't, it was a lesbian. Oh, had nothing against it, and she had gay and lesbian friends, but the thought of "doing it" with another woman was personally repulsive. Wilde seemed empathetic, but he reminded Jenny of her contract. He told her that she was going to do the girl-girl scene, period. The actual sex would be simulated, but there was to be lots of deep French kissing. If Jenny were truly repulsed by it, and if that repulsion came across on film, so much the better.
Preparing herself to give in to the inevitable, Jenny granted Cammy Jenkins, the actress playing Laura, a request to speak privately. She had only met Cammy yesterday, and had never seen any film she'd been in. Cammy had actually appeared in comparable roles in several of Ben Wilde's films, usually playing some sort of bisexual bad girl, with a girl-girl sex scene or two in each of those films. She openly admitted to being both a bisexual, and an exhibitionist.
So Cammy offered Jenny a deal. Glossing over the scheduled kissing scenes, she told Jenny that if she would really go down on her during the "simulated" oral sex scene, and really get her off with everybody watching, that she'd persuade Wilde to go a lot easier on her for the rest of the film. And much as her character had assured Kim Callaghan, Cammy promised that Wilde would listen to her.
Predictably, Jenny was outraged at the suggestion. How could Cammy expect Jenny Brite, a lifelong heterosexual woman, to perform real oral sex on another woman, let alone with cameras rolling and who knows how many people watching? Cammy even offered to get Jenny off first, and again warned her against refusing to follow Wilde's direction. Cammy obviously knew what had been going on these past few days.
When Jenny didn't immediately refuse, Cammy asked her to hold perfectly still for two minutes. Jenny reluctantly agreed, and Cammy was all over her, softly kissing her ear, her neck, her lips. All the while she was gently opening the robe Jenny had managed to don for their little meeting, softly caressing Jenny's breasts and oh-so-lightly touching her most private area. After two minutes, Cammy withdrew, leaving Jenny in an undeniable state of arousal.
Jenny was stunned at her own reaction. True, she hadn't had sex since what seemed like forever, and Cammy's skilled mouth and fingers had awakened in her a desire long suppressed. Jenny couldn't believe she'd been so aroused by a woman's caress, yet neither could she deny it, even to herself. She told Cammy she'd do the kissing scene, but during the supposedly simulated oral sex scene, she'd have to see how she felt. Maybe she, well, she might, but, well, no promises.
***
With the film rolling, Laura helped Kim Callaghan clean up in the shower, and supplied clean, fresh towels to help her dry off. She prepared a cup of instant noodles, the first thing Kim had eaten since lunch yesterday, and the hungry detective consumed it greedily. Then Laura skillfully applied makeup to the detective's freshly scrubbed face. She led Kim back into the living room, and told the gangsters that they were not to lay another hand on their captive without her approval. Laura was confident her boyfriend, the gang leader, would support her on this, and he did.
So Jenny Brite kneeled on the carpet with Cammy Jenkins, and took a further step down the road to abject humiliation. And while Kim Callaghan was motivated by her desire to gain whatever protection Laura could offer her, Jenny's only motivation was to get through it. The repulsion was apparent on her face as she and Cammy began to kiss, but Jenny again was surprised to find herself growing aroused. She was stunned to find herself responding this way to a woman's touch, but she decided to go with the feeling.
Cammy had her lie on her back, and brought her face down between Jenny's spread legs. If any of the cameras recorded that the fact Jenny was actually receiving oral sex from the other actress, such graphic scenes never made it into the film. Anyone who knew Ben Wilde, though, knew beyond a doubt that the one of the cameras was in fact capturing the intimate encounter, and that the X-rated version of the girl-girl scene would soon be found in his personal collection.
Her eyes tightly shut in concentration, Jenny soon climaxed, then lay peacefully in the afterglow. When she opened her eyes a few moments later, though, the reality of what she'd just experienced, before the collective gazes of a large share of the cast and crew of the film, sank in. She was crying again, but Cammy embraced her tightly, whispering softly, calming her down. Then with a gentle kiss, Cammy quietly reminded Jenny that it was time to return the favor.
With the cameras rolling again, the two switched positions. An eternity seemed to pass, and many more tears fell, before Jenny could bring herself to place her open mouth on the other woman's sex. With the initial contact, Cammy let out a soft moan of pleasure, prompting Jenny to seek out the other woman's prominent clitoris with her tongue.
It seemed strange to find herself in this position, yet at the same time very erotic. She soon realized that that Cammy had begun responding in pleasure to her intimate touch, and Jenny was actually finding the act less objectionable with each passing moment. It didn't take long before the woman achieved a noisy climax, and again the two women embraced. And as before, while the final cut of the film would show no graphic content, the scene had been captured on film, none the less.
So Laura told her boyfriend, the gang leader, that she and the lady cop would each bring off four of the bad guys orally, but that no force was to be used. She promised that Callaghan would do her share, and do it right, and if she didn't live up to Laura's promise, that they could do what they would with her. So Kim did what she had to do, and when she walked away after satisfying her four men, she was disgusted, but otherwise unharmed.
Once they both had completed their task, which Laura actually seemed to enjoy, she took the detective to her room to get some sleep. They were both locked inside the second floor bedroom, but Callaghan was otherwise unrestrained, and at least they did have a private bathroom. Kim pretended to be exhausted, but was actually fully alert.
Laura cuddled up to Kim, both stark naked, and soon drifted off into a deep, satisfied sleep. When the detective saw that the other woman was snoring softly, she crawled out of bed and headed for the bathroom. On her way, though, she quickly rifled through Laura's purse, grabbing her cell phone and carrying it into the bathroom with her. She locked the door, turned on the shower, and dialed her precinct.
Her department had been looking for her, but had no idea where she'd been taken, let alone what she had endured over the past day and a half. She told them she'd leave the cell phone on, and they could find her by triangulating from the cell phone towers, a common practice. Callaghan feared she'd be at the mercy of the gangsters until help arrived, and would be in danger of finding herself caught in the crossfire, should a gun battle erupt.
She didn't sleep at all, and spent most of the night in a chair by the window, watching hopefully for signs of the SWAT team. Knowing what she now did about the lay of the land, Callaghan thought they would very likely approach the house from the same copse of trees she'd run to the night before. From this window, she'd be able to spot help coming from that direction. When Laura had brought her back early that morning, Kim had seen enough of the house and the surrounding area to realize there wasn't any decent cover within a hundred yards.
She eventually caught her first glimpse of the SWAT team emerging from those same woods, and she began to think she it might be time to get out of the house. Kim thought she could crawl out the second floor window, and make the twelve foot jump to the ground. She was still naked, and she searched the room in vain for something she could wear. Her clothes, and Laura's, had been left in the living room, and there was nothing in the room but the bedsheets and the blanket. She didn't think she could remove the blanket without disturbing the sleeping Laura, who would likely raise an alarm. So she carefully opened the window, crawled out onto a narrow ledge, lowered herself gently to the ground, and started out towards the SWAT team at a dead run.
Jenny Brite wasn't afraid of doing many of her own stunts. She crawled out the window, again finding herself on the outside lot instead of the soundstage where the interior scenes were filmed. There was a substantial air cushion below her, in case she fell, and onto which she would soon be letting herself down. None of this was a problem for the actress; except, of course, the fact that she was doing it completely naked.
And Jenny was about to come face to face with a number of actors she'd worked with earlier in the film, Callaghan's fellow cops. When this scene had originally been filmed a few days earlier, she couldn't have imagined that she'd soon be doing it again, only this time working in the nude. Even at that, she had assumed that, once her character reached the safety of the SWAT team, she'd be allowed to cover up, and her final nude scene would be behind her. But not surprisingly, the scene had again been rewritten, and Kim Callaghan now brushed the offered blanket aside, demanding a gun. She wanted to go after the animals that had so brutally raped her, and she didn't give a damn about being naked. Of course, Jenny didn't see things quite the same way her character did.
Callaghan concede to putting a bullet proof vest on over her otherwise naked body, but the adrenaline was flowing too hard and too fast through her system to allow her even to worry about her lower half, still bare for all to see. The SWAT team tried to approach the house stealthily, but they soon found themselves under fire. They quickly retreated to the relative safety of the trees, and a little later they reemerged behind, and inside, two armored Humvees.
They neared the house, one vehicle circling around towards the other side, strategically stopping at a point where they wouldn't accidentally fire on their own comrades. Over a loudspeaker, they demanded that those inside surrender immediately. Gunshots again erupted from the house, and the officers returned fire, riddling the house with their powerful automatic weapons. The gunfire from inside soon ended, and the SWAT team began to make plans to enter the house.
Inside the dwelling, they found six dead bodies, two men wounded, conscious but too badly injured to resist. They also encountered a woman, hysterical but apparently uninjured. As the officers prepared to take the wounded men into custody, Callaghan fired a bullet into each one's head, raising only mild objections from her fellow cops. She did ask them to take it easy on Laura, who had mostly been kind to Kim during some of the worst of it.
Only after Detective Callaghan removed the vest did she even realize that she was standing totally naked among her fellow officers. Her face turned red as she tried to cover herself with her hands, and she asked that someone bring her a blanket.
***
So Jenny Brite finally completed her last nude scene, and she quietly wrapped a robe around herself as Wilde gleefully declared that the production was a wrap. There was to be a party on Saturday night for cast and crew, and finally, for the first time in days, it seemed to Jenny that the attention was focused on something besides her naked body.
Arriving home early that evening, she received a call from Josh, her ex-husband. He had still been hinting at coming back to Jenny, but she'd been so busy with her film, they hadn't really taken the time to discuss it. He told her he had moved back to Los Angeles, and asked if he could come for a visit that evening. Of course he could come; Jenny would love to see him.
They hadn't seen each other in several months, had only occasionally spoken on the phone, and while she wanted to see little Joshua, she first wanted to spend some time with the only man she had ever truly loved, the man she still loved, would always love. They enjoyed a nice dinner at a restaurant Jenny had once worked in as a waitress. This was followed later by a session of tender but passionate lovemaking.
A little later, together in the king-size bed they had shared for years, Josh asked Jenny to tell him about her most recent project. All he knew was that she was finally making an action movie, something she'd wanted for years, but he didn't know any of the details. If he had heard that Ben Wilde was involved, though, he would have had at least some idea what she'd been through.
Jenny glossed over the general plot of the movie, but when she got to the part about the rewrite, the required nudity, and how she'd been coerced into performing in the humiliating scenes, she began to cry. She described in detail every humiliating moment she'd been forced to endure, under the terms of the contract she'd so trustingly signed. She described the simulated rape scene, which she thought was ironic, because the actors playing the rapists never had to take anything off. But she was naked as she could be for the entire scene.
She also told Josh about the supposedly simulated girl-girl sex scene, and how she'd actually climaxed with the other actress, Cammy Jenkins. At first, Jenny tried to play down the intensity of the orgasm she'd experienced. She was embarrassed to admit how much she'd actually enjoyed it, both giving and receiving pleasure, and how it was far different than what she'd imagined. She had initially found the encounter repulsive but, disregarding her audience, she discovered that making love with another woman was both erotic and pleasurable.
Jenny hadn't known what kind of reaction to expect from Josh, but after losing him because of her drug problem, she now believed that it was better to be totally honest with him. Her love for him now stronger than ever, she would rather risk losing him forever than be anything less than totally open about everything she'd gone through. As she gazed inquisitively into his eyes, it took her a few moments to read his thoughts.
Josh took her into his arms in a warm, loving embrace, offering soothing words of sympathy for what she'd endured. But Jenny was literally stunned when she realized he had actually become aroused by her tale. She'd feared he would be disgusted by what she'd done, but he was actually turned on! Another round of lovemaking followed, after which Josh asked Jenny if she would marry him, again. Yes, of course she would, but she had to ask him about his reaction.
Josh explained that, while he always felt he'd married the hottest lady in Hollywood, that he'd also found her the most, well, vanilla woman he'd ever known. The sex had always been great, he told her, but he'd often longed for something a bit more... adventurous? Because she was such a lady, always so respectable and proper, he'd always been afraid to ask her to try anything even the least bit kinky. He was afraid she might think less of him if he urged her to participate in anything kinky. But the idea of her standing naked in front of all these men, and of making love with another woman, and of doing it in front of a crowd; well, Josh was so turned on just thinking about it, they made love for the third time that night.
At the wrap party Saturday night, Jenny Brite unexpectedly became the center of attention. Dressed in a conservative blouse and knee-length skirt, she listened as Ben Wilde, the director, told everyone that nobody could have done a better job than Jenny Brite did, blending her marvelous acting ability with her real-life embarrassment. He joked that if there were an Oscar for the best B-movie actress, that she would win hands down. He asked her to say a few words, but before she could say a word, applause began to fill the room.
Jenny stood there, astonished, as the ovation continued for more than five minutes. She had felt like such a victim during the last few days of filming, but as the cheering continued, she began to realize that no one else saw her that way. They saw her as a star, possibly the only actress who could have pulled it off as well as she had. She knew that they were now counting on the film becoming a cult hit, and that residuals from DVD sales would probably make them some good money. Not because the film was that good, but because of the star power of Jenny Brite, America's Sweetheart.
Jenny mumbled a few words of thanks, not really sure what she should say. That was when Cammy Jenkins walked up to her, giving her a chaste peck on the cheek. After only a moment's hesitation, and a quick glance which saw a grinning Josh offer an almost imperceptible nod of approval, that Jenny knew what she had to do. She took the other woman in her arms, giving her a long, deep kiss. Again, thunderous applause erupted from the crowd. Cammy then whispered something into Jenny's ear. Jenny glanced at Josh, and nodded to Cammy.
Addressing the crowd, Cammy pointed out, as had Ben Wilde, how Jenny's contribution to the film had turned an ordinary B-movie into what was certain to become a cult classic, and the cheering continued. But Cammy also pointed out that there were a lot of people, cast and crew alike, who hadn't been around while Jenny was filming her most revealing scenes. She pointed out that it wasn't fair that so many of them had been deprived of seeing the star in action, in her most memorable scenes, and especially in her most memorable costume. She suggested that Jenny could remedy that situation right now.
Cammy stepped away, and Jenny again stood alone, with every eye in the room fixed on her. She glanced once more at her smiling husband, and hesitated for a few moments. Feeling her face turning red, but with a pleased smile gracing her beautiful face, Jenny Brite nervously began to unbutton her blouse...
The end