Mother stormed into my room and threw the dirty clothes basket on my bed. Then she charged right up to me with a pair of white silky panties in her hand, shaking them at me.
"Did you think I wouldn't notice your cum on my panties?" She threw them at my face.
"Mom, I don't know what..."
"Don't even start with that bullshit!" She took the panties back in her hand and found the spot, stiff with my cum, and literally rubbed my nose in it.
I whimpered, "I was hoping it would just wash out."
"That's not the point! These are my nicest panties, and now I can't even wear them without imagining your little dicklet sliding in and out of them! How do you think that makes me feel?"
I knew how it made me feel. She had burst in on me during my Saturday morning ritual, which was fortunately under covers. But even now I was wearing another of her favorite pair. I hoped to God she wouldn't yank off the sheets.
I was already hard. But I stiffened up even more when she talked about my little dick. I don't know when she would have seen it recently, but she always said I took after my dad, so maybe she was making an assumption.
"I am so mad I could just choke you!" And my dick throbbed at the idea. My mother was a tall woman, Germanic descent, and she was strong. I was four inches shorter than her and a fraction of her weight. If she wanted to overpower me, it would be no contest.
She had been leaning over me, in my face, and now she stood back and took a deep breath, still holding the panties. "From now on, YOU will be doing the laundry. ALL of it."
"Okay."
"What did you say? O-fucking-kay??"
"I mean, Yes Ma'am."
She narrowed her eyes. Uh-oh. She took in the whole scene, me in bed with the covers pulled up to my chin, both arms beneath.
"What are you doing under there?"
I didn't answer. My asshole puckered up and I started shivering.
She grabbed the bedspread and pulled it off in one motion, spilling the basket and the dirty clothes all over the floor. She pulled the sheets off after, and there I was in nothing but her blue silky panties, my hand still inside them. I was terrified.
She just stared at me. I couldn't move. I could see her taking deep breaths, her oversized t-shirt rising and falling with her generous breasts. I just held my dick, not stroking it, almost protecting it, like she might just rip it off.
Mother had never hit me. But she never had to. And she didn't usually even raise her voice at me. That's why today was so frightening. I had crossed a line and was seeing the angry side of her. Dad had not been in the picture for a long time. But the last time I saw her this angry, it was the day she kicked him out.
I was a good kid, and made good grades all the way through high school. But this summer had been stressful for both of us, since I was leaving for university at the end of the month. And I got the feeling that all that good behavior didn't count for shit right now.
She took it all in. Then she made some kind of decision, and calmly tossed the white pair at my crotch, then bent over and picked up the laundry basket and said, "Those are yours now. I don't want them back, so you won't be needing these..." As she said that, she walked over to my dresser and opened my underwear drawer, and raked all my briefs into the basket. Then she rounded up my sheets and bedspread and piled them in the basket too.
"No more covering up," she said. Then she walked out the door, leaving it open.
As soon as she was gone, I jumped off the bed and closed the door. I grabbed some dirty gym shorts from the floor and put them on over the panties, and a dirty t-shirt. I'd never worn her panties as underwear before. I had only used them to jack off. So the silky feeling inside the gym shorts was a pleasant surprise.
I was gathering up the rest of the dirty clothes from the floor when she came back into my room without knocking. She had a screwdriver and a hammer in her hands.
"I said no more covering up. Take off those dirty clothes."
She watched me take them off. My little dick made a pup tent in her panties, I mean my panties. She stared at it, which just made it harder.
Then without saying another word, she turned and proceeded to use the tools to take my door off the hinges. I started to say something, but her eyes were daggers when I opened my mouth, so I just stood there beside the bed and the dirty clothes.
When she finished, she told me to take the door down to the basement, and then to come into the kitchen for breakfast.
I got the door put away and entered the kitchen. She had a plate ready for me, pop-tarts and bacon, my favorite. I went to pull up a chair, but she pointed to a stool she had pulled away from the bar. I sat there, my crotch at eye level with her while she ate toast and jam. I stayed hard the whole time.
When she was done eating, she said, "You seem excited to be wearing nothing but your panties in front of your mother." It wasn't a question. "Just so I understand, when you masturbate in your panties, do you think of boys, or do you think of girls?"
Most of the time, I thought of her. But I wasn't ready to say that outright.
"Girls," I replied. Though I wondered if big-dicked trannies counted. And then I risked saying, "Women really. Strong, dominant older women."
"Hmphhh," she said, and I couldn't tell what to make of that.
"Strong, dominant older women would make you do things."
"That's right. I mean, Yes Ma'am."
"And you like that."
I hesitated, then admitted, "Yes, Ma'am."
"Call me 'Mother'."
"Yes, Mother."
"Finish your breakfast. Then do the dishes and the laundry. I have some things I need to take care of."
"Yes, Mother."
She was gone for several hours. She came back in the house with a large bag from an electronics store. It was a set of internet video cameras. She laid them out on the kitchen table and then asked me, "Where do you masturbate?"
Fuck. Everywhere? What the fuck? "Uhmm, in my bed, in the shower, and sometimes in front of the living room TV."
She proceeded to place cameras in those three places. She had two more cameras that she may have hidden somewhere. Then she followed the written instructions and downloaded an app on her phone and synched them up.
I was mortified. Mother was taking away all my privacy and making it impossible for me to masturbate. It was going to be a very long month. I wanted to storm off to my room and slam my door, but that wasn't an option! I thought about retreating down to the basement, but I knew that anywhere I went, she would just expose me there too.
Yes, I was mortified. But I was also as hard as a little rock. If I ever got the chance to touch myself, I would explode!
I sulked the rest of the day. And the next day. I read a book. She went about her business. We had leftovers for dinner both nights. My dick was hard most of the time, because I couldn't stop thinking about what she was doing to me, how she had suddenly taken control. I thought about being free at the end of the month, but then I started wondering if that's what I really wanted.
Before I went to bed the next night, I came to her in the living room. She was sitting on the couch and I stood in front of her. I asked her, "Why don't you want me to masturbate any more? I'm nineteen years old! It's a normal thing for guys my age to do! I'm really sorry I ruined your panties, but haven't I been punished enough?" But even as I was begging, she was watching my dick get hard.
"I never said you couldn't masturbate. I said 'no more covering up'. No more hiding from your Mother. No more hiding anything. She reached out and pulled down my panties. My little dick sprung out, confirming what she had said about its size.
"Step out of your panties," she said, and I did. She took them in her right hand.
"Go ahead. Masturbate," she said. "Just use your thumb and one finger, that should be enough."
"Can I use the panties?" I begged.
"No, then I can't see your little clit. I'll catch your cummies in the panties and you can put them back on," and she held them out in front of my pee hole, but low enough so she could see everything.
I looked down at her face, and the only thing that gave her away was that her mouth slightly opened when I began stroking. That's when I realized this wasn't about punishment at all, except to the degree that punishment excited us both.
"Yes, Mother," I said, as I continued to stroke. I wouldn't last long, and she wouldn't expect me to last long. I could see her tongue just against her teeth as she watched. I believe she wanted to suck on it, to flick it with her tongue to bite down a little and pinch my balls. I pictured that as I was about to cum. She didn't say that I needed her permission, but I wanted her permission. "Can I cum, Mother?"
"MAY I come?"
"Yes Mother, may I cum please?"
She counted down from ten, far too slowly. I slowed my stroking and she scolded me, and made me stroke even more quickly, but I cheated a little and loosened my grip long enough to last.
"Zero. You may cum."
I came hard. At the last second, I lifted slightly on my dick, hoping my cum would squirt out onto her face, but it was too puny and barely caught her on the wrist. The rest went into the panties, which she then made me put back on. And she made me lick the cum off her wrist.
"What if I had come a little on your face?" I dared ask.
"Then you would have licked that off too. You either have to eat your cummies or wear them, those are the choices I'm giving you. But if you had cum on my face without my permission, there would be other consequences."
I think we both wanted to find out what those other consequences would be, but neither of us could admit it yet.
"Maybe now you can sleep."
"Thank you, Mother," I turned to go to my bedroom, but then stopped and asked, "Last night I got cold without my covers. What if I get cold again?"
"Well, I suppose if you get cold you can come sleep in bed with me."
I came running back to her then, and jumped on the couch and wrapped my arms around her. I started crying, and then we were both crying. She held me and stroked my hair like when I was young. And then she whispered, "I just don't know what I will do when you move away." And that explained everything.
I laid my head in her lap as she continued to stroke my hair, and I fell asleep. She must have carried me to her bed, because I awoke in total darkness feeling her moving around me.
At first she rolled up against me, but I could feel her forearm tensing and I could tell she was touching herself. I pretended to stay asleep. I wasn't sure what she was wearing, but I could feel her bare breast, one of them, against my ribs. Then her whole body began to move and twitch, and she grunted, followed by a sigh. She rolled over, away from me, and a while later I could tell from her breathing that she had drifted to sleep.
I had hoped she would climb up on top of me and take my virginity, but I guess that was too much to expect, for my tiny little dick to reach deep enough inside her pussy lips to please her.
She seemed to be sleeping hard enough for me to chance reaching out to touch her, to see what she was wearing. I felt only the muscular skin of her naked back, but she had panties on below. I felt lace, and was surprised, because as of two days ago, she didn't have any lace panties. I found myself a little jealous. I wanted to smell them, to smell her lady cum and the musk of her crotch. It's the reason I began stealing her panties to jack off with in the first place. I slipped down under the covers and got my nose close enough behind her to catch her scent. I stayed there a few minutes before sliding back up onto the pillow.
Safe beside her, despite being aroused, I was able to get back to sleep as well, and slept through the night. The next morning I slipped out of bed early to make our breakfast. It was Monday morning, so she had to go to work. By the time she came down to the kitchen, it was to the smell of coffee.
I sat on my stool while she ate and drank. She was very pleased with me. When she was done, she finished getting dressed, and grabbed her bag. She was in a white blouse and pleated skirt, two top buttons undone, a little more flirtatious than usual, and I chose to believe it was because of me.
As she was leaving, she kissed me on the lips and then said, "At noon today, I want you to masturbate on your bed into your panties. Make it a good show. I'll be watching. And when you're done, wash those panties. I put some new ones in your drawer." And she smiled.
As soon as the door shut, I ran up to my room and looked in my drawer. Lace panties, lavender, red, aqua, white, yellow. I couldn't wait to try them on. But I would have been happier if she had worn them first.
I spent most of the morning thinking about how to make it "a good show". The camera was near the foot of my bed, so I wanted to make sure to present her a good view. But how to make it special?
I wondered if I could find something to peg myself with, to make my little dick stick out as hard as it would go. I had tried once to have a sissygasm with a dildo up my ass, without touching myself, but I just couldn't get all the way there. I wondered if she would like that. I bet she had some toys in her nightstand, but I didn't dare use them without her permission.
Instead I settled for a soundtrack. I found a great mother/son porn video, of a son begging his mother to fuck him, and I set that up on my laptop, out of view of the camera, but turned to volume up all the way.
At five minutes before noon, I started the video and took off my panties, and I knelt at the end of the bed with my pee hole pointed at the camera. I was hard, but I didn't touch myself until exactly noon.
I had no way of knowing from the camera when she started watching, or when it was over. But I felt excited knowing that she was somewhere else watching me in my most intimate act.
I started stroking myself, imagining my mother in a bathroom stall, or maybe sitting in her car during her lunch break, watching me while she was touching herself. My biggest challenge was not cumming too soon. I used the trick of barely touching myself with my two fingers without slowing down the tempo. I tried to use the rhythm of the mother and son on the video, which I could see beside the camera. I tried to last as long as the son did, but I didn't make it. When I came, it was a sudden spurt which went directly onto the panties, and a slow ooze running down my hand. I made a point of licking my hand clean before I swung my legs around and put on the wet panties. I would wear the clean ones later, but I wanted her to know that I remembered that all my cummies had to be eaten or worn.
Once I was completely done, I took off the sticky panties and took a shower before I put on the lavender lace. Then I got the house ready and was waiting for her downstairs when she got home.
She arrived with some fast food, and we ate it in the kitchen. I was hoping she would say something about the show, but she didn't mention it. I think she wanted me to beg her to tell me.
"Did you like the show?" I finally asked, when we were done with dinner.
"Oh yes, we did," she said, and got up to go take a shower.
We? What the fuck!
I heard the water turn on, then I saw her phone on the table. I knew the pin, so I opened her phone and found the camera app. I selected the bathroom camera. I saw the shower running, but it was empty. She was taking off her clothes, taking her time, wiping her makeup off in the mirror, standing in the nude. It was my first time to ever see her naked. Her breasts hung down just a bit, but were massive compared to her waist. She had a few stretch marks, and broad hips. She turned and I saw a full brown bush between her legs. I grabbed my dick and held on, feeling it throb. I was hoping she would play with herself, but she was just about the business of getting cleaned up for bed, as if her son hadn't masturbated for her just a few hours ago. I don't know what I expected, but the sight of her nude body made up for any disappointment.
I put her phone back as I found it well before she came out of the bathroom. It looked like she was going to make a short night of it, and go straight to bed, so without hesitation I followed her. She wore a sheer nightgown tonight, which was something else I hadn't seen her wear before, and some of her older panties underneath, as far as I could get a glimpse. She left her nightstand light on and started reading. I was just there on my back, staring at the ceiling.
She finally put down her book and turned off the light.
"You said 'we' liked the show. Who exactly is 'we'?"
"That's none of your business," she said.
That excited me even more, imagining maybe her whole office watching me get myself off.
"I was wondering all morning, how to make the show more special. I wasn't sure what you would like."
"What were you considering?"
I told her my thoughts about pegging, dildos, vibrators, self bondage maybe.
"You can't use any of my toys. But I have a few things of your dad's you might find useful."
My dad! I could only suppose that she had dominated him as well. "Thank you, Mother."
Then she reached out and stroked my cheek. "I really am pleased at how you are obeying me now. I think I'd like to give you a reward. What would you like?"
Oh how I wanted to fuck her, but I was afraid to say it. I felt like this was a test, or even a trap.
"Whatever it would please you to give me," I said.
"Nice try, but you have to choose."
"Can I put my tongue in your mouth?"
She laughed. "That's for lovers. But you can put your tongue in my pussy."
Oh my God, yeah. I started to move between her legs, but she said, "not like that." Then she told me to slide down off the pillow and stay on my back. And she took off her panties and climbed up and straddled my face.
She was facing the headboard, and held onto it with both hands. Her legs pinned my arms, and I couldn't move. She pressed her hairy pussy against my mouth and started grinding on me. I was trying to lick her, but gasping for breath at the same time. She took one hand off the headboard and grabbed me by the hair to take more control of me.
"You worry about licking me, I'll worry about letting you come up for air," she demanded. So I gave myself over to licking and sucking her pussy, trusting her to pull my head away just often enough for me to gasp for air. Once I got to just the right spot, she cried out, "Right there! Oh fuck yeah keep doing that right there. Every time. That's how you do it. Oh Fuck. And she forgot to let me breathe for a minute, she was so caught up in it. I started panicking and she just said, "Not yet! Not yet! Make me cum and I'll let you breathe!"
Oh fuck! I stuck my tongue as deep as it would go, and curled it up along the roof of her pussy. I was getting dizzy when she finally screamed, and then she drove her pubic bone down on my nose, giving me a change to gasp through my mouth. She stayed on me as she came down, rubbing and rolling her hips. her juices flowed all over my nose, mouth, and cheeks. And when she was done, she still remained on top of me, enjoying the control. She pressed her pussy on my face and rocked, only letting me gasp for breath about every minute. Eventually she wiped her pussy on my face one last time and rolled off of me, slipping back into her underwear.
"Oh fuck, that was amazing. From now on, you will wait on your back for me to do that every night."
Every night until I leave? That's what was on my mind but I dared not say out loud. I couldn't spoil her perfect mood. "Yes, Mother. Thank you, Mother."
She rolled away from me in the dark and I rolled onto my side to try to spoon her, wondering if she would let me. I put one arm across her and placed my hand on her breast, on her nipple, and she held it there with her hand.
"Can I ask you for one more thing?" I dared.
"Of course, baby."
"I love my new panties, but can you cum in them once before you put them in my drawer? The whole reason I stole them in the first place was to smell you. I know you said you didn't want to imagine my little dick cumming in your panties, but I was hoping maybe you would cum in mine."
She rolled back over and faced me. She reached down and took off her underwear and handed them to me. "No, baby, I won't cum in your panties, our cum should never mix except in your mouth. But you can smell mine anytime you want. Just don't wear them or cum in them."
I held her panties near my face and closed my eyes. She rolled back away from me. We both slept, safely, and soundly.
As she was leaving in the morning, she kissed me on the lips again, and said, "Noon again. Make it even more special. I put a box under your bed."
A box! Of Dad's stuff I bet! But first, I had a surprise for her, "Thank you, Mother!
But can you wait in your car for just a minute before you leave? I'll text you."
She smiled a little, wondering what I was up to. "Okay..."
She went out to the car and I went into the bathroom, and in full view of the camera, I set up my shaving kit. I texted her "In the bathroom getting ready for noon." And I slid off my panties and started shaving my pubic hair and my balls. I hurried, because I didn't want to make her late, but I was careful enough not to hurt myself, and to finish up as smooth as a baby. I just smiled at the camera when I was done, and cleaned up the mess.
Then I ran to my room to get the box. It was a flat plastic box, like people use for rolls of wrapping paper, just the size to slide under the bed. It guess it had been under hers the whole time.
Inventory: an assortment of restraints, a big black dildo, two butt plugs, some kind of narrow probe that I guessed was for prostate massage, a ball gag, a box of condoms (small), a tube of lubricant, a double dildo gag, a cock cage (no key), and several tiny cock rings, a leash, and a strap. Holy shit. I could see my future laid out for me in this box. Unless I left at the end of the month and never came back. Is this what I wanted?
There was a shoebox in the box. I opened it. There were stacks of photos grouped in rubber bands. I was afraid to look. But I couldn't NOT look. I rifled through them like baseball cards. They were mostly of Dad, and plenty of my mother, and the two of them, and more than the two of them, people I didn't know, one lady I recognized, one huge black man. And everything in the box was in use one way or another. They used my dad in every way I could imagine, except for one. There was not a single picture of him fucking her.
This is what my mother wanted me to see. And I knew that if I used anything in this box, I was giving her permission to use me like she used him.
I had just shaved my dick and balls for her. It was standing hard in my panties. I knew what it wanted. But I would be announcing my decision, one way or another, at noon.
***
At eleven-thirty, Greta stuck her head in her boss Anna's office and asked, "Are you ready for the show?"
Anna was one of the women in the stack of photos. One that knew what had happened to Daniel, and who knew what was happening to Daniel's son.
"I can't wait! Lock the door!" It was a nice executive office, with a sitting area and a small couch facing a monitor on the wall.
Greta got her up to speed about what happened that morning, about the box, and about her son shaving his dick and balls, as both women were slipping out of their clothes. They climbed onto the couch together. Greta cast her phone screen onto the big screen on the wall, the volume just loud enough to be heard in the office but not through the walls.
They tangled legs and arms together as lovers do, while they waited for the show to start. But something was wrong. There was something blocking the camera. Greta started to get pissed but Anna said, "Maybe he's just setting the stage, and the curtain comes up at noon!"
But Greta said, "Maybe, but I told him no covering up. He will be punished for this!"
"Oh good! Spank him in your room tonight so I can watch! You riding his face last night was SO hot."
Anna turned Greta's face to hers and kissed her, to distract her from the screen. They lost themselves in each other's mouths and their hands got lost in each other's bodies, until twelve o'clock, when the camera screen came to life.
Greta's son was seated on the bed, naked. The photos were arranged all over the bed and he sat surrounded by them. Behind the photos, all the toys were laid out for view. In his hand, he held the smallest butt plug, and some lube. On his dick, the smallest cock ring was strangling his little clit and leaving it fully red and engorged.
"Oh my God, his shaved clit is so hot," Anna said, and slid her fingers inside Greta's hairy pussy.
"I was hoping he would pick the black dildo," Greta admitted, "but this is probably a better choice, not that I think it's the first time he's had something up his ass." She had one hand inside Anna, and the other rubbing Anna's firm tits.
Her son lubed up the plug, and turned around so they could get a good view of it sliding in. His ass was already red, and they guessed that he had practiced with it before the show. Once he had it inserted, he turned back around and sat down, and he winced as it pressed inside him.
He started stroking himself with his little finger and thumb. But the cock ring was holding fast. It looked painful. Greta was getting so turned on she forced Anna's hand deeper inside her and pulled her own nipples.
"I'm gonna cum," Greta said.
"Wait for him," Anna replied, "Cum with him."
"He's taking too long!"
"He'll squirt soon! Wait!"
The pressure in her son's dick finally prevailed, and he shot a stream of cum into his hand. Greta came then, unable to hold it any longer. Anna kept her hand in her friend until Greta gingerly pulled it out and sucked her fingers. Greta was tasting her own juices as her son was licking his cummies off his fingers.
Then she heard her son say something she didn't expect. He said, "Mother, I choose all this," waving his hand across the bed. "All of it. But now you have a choice. You can have me this month, until I go to school. Or I can stay and go to college in town. You can have me like this for the rest of our lives. And I only have one condition: that you fuck me tonight. Every month I get to fuck you is a month I stay."
He blocked the camera again, after his ultimatum.
Anna and Greta were frozen on the couch. Finally Anna asked, "Do you think he has any idea? Do you think he knows that's why his dad left?"
***
Mother came home at the usual time and I was waiting for her, sitting in my panties on the stool.
"Come with me," she said. And I followed her to her bedroom.
"You disobeyed me when you covered the camera. I said 'no covering'. Where is the strap?"
I went into my room and retrieved it from the box and brought it to her. She positioned herself on the bed and told me to lay across my knees and touch the floor. The position pulled my ass tight and high. She pulled down the panties. And she spanked me with the strap. She wasn't swinging as hard as she could, but she knew exactly what she was doing. I think she was punishing me more for my ultimatum than for the camera, putting me in my place. I had to be strong in my resolve. But that didn't mean I couldn't cry. My dick was rock hard against her leg, but I was weeping from the sting of the strap. I lost count of the strokes, and slipped into a subspace I'd never experienced before. I think that's what she was waiting for. I stopped struggling, stopped crying, just grunted with every stroke.
She stopped long enough to ask, "Who is in charge here?"
I mumbled, "You are, Mother. Thank you, Mother. You can use me any way you want."
She hesitated, and that gave me the nerve to follow through, when she asked, "For how long?"
"For as long as you let me fuck you," I said. And the spanking started again. But not for long.
"Go to your room," she finally said. "You don't get any supper, and you don't get to sleep in my bed tonight."
"Yes, Mother. Thank you, Mother." And I limped into my room. I lay on my stomach and somehow fell asleep for an hour or so, until she woke me up.
"Roll over," she said. And she climbed on my face as she promised she would do every night. I was licking and sucking her just like before, but I could tell she wasn't enjoying it as much. She was wet, but couldn't get off. I had ruined everything.
She rolled off of me and lay in my bed, naked.
"I suppose it would be okay if we rubbed our clits together, as long as you didn't cum on me."
I wanted that so badly. But I wanted more. "Of course, Mother, whatever you want." But she knew that didn't qualify as me fucking her.
"And I suppose if your little clitty just accidentally slipped inside my pussy lips, that would be expected."
"Of course, Mother. But will you let me fuck you? Or will all this be over in less than two weeks?"
"Well what's the difference, if you penetrate me then you aren't a virgin any more."
I knew she couldn't ask for it.
I stood up. "Spread your legs," I said, and she did, a little.
"Wider," I said. "Use your hands to pull them wide so I can get in as deep as I can."
I knew she was wet enough from the face sitting. I crawled up between her legs and positioned my dick near her pussy lips.
"Our cum is going to mix in your pussy. Once a month. Right now. I won't go deep. I won't take long. But this is what you owe me."
I slipped inside her, my whole dick easily engulfed. To her credit, she pushed into me to give me as much depth as she could. It felt wet and warm and wonderful. I held myself as deeply as I could and asked, "Mother, will you rub your clit and cum while I'm inside you?"
Her mouth was open. She nodded. And she reached down and played with herself, and ground against me as I was inside her. Eventually she began to grunt. I knew the sound from when I fucked her with my face. Her grunting increased, and she started whispering, "yeah, yeah, yeah," until her body started to jerk. When it did, I pumped just a couple of times, and we came together. I squirted inside my mother as she came. I stayed in as long as I could, but I popped out with a single move of her hips. I then lay down between her legs to lick my cum out of her pussy.
Because my cummies had to be eaten, or worn. Except for the little bit that was mixing with my Mother's cum, making its way deep inside her pussy, to do what it is cummies do.