Author's Note: Due to the complicated and unusual plot twist, I recommend you read the previous chapter.
*
Sex with my wife, Cindy, was always good. Even when it was 'bad', it was still the best sex I'd ever had in my life - hands down. She had a way to enflame me; to set me on fire with desire for her and only her. She was the only person I've ever truly lusted for, and she had this shy, demure way of transforming into a tigress in the sack. Being with her was like being in a breathless free fall, but, with a hard-on.
That being said, the little role play game we just finished with me playing the role of her father, and her playing herself, had just risen to the top of my all time hottest sex sessions with her. And, it had happened so spontaneously! Nothing like this had ever come up before..... there were never any conversations or fantasies concerning family member between us, and she never once gave me any reason to think she had any sexual thoughts about her father. But, during the heat of passion, when she accidentally slipped and called me "Daddy", and then begged me to fuck her, something exploded in me and I became consumed with the idea of her really fucking her father. Not in fantasy -- but, for real.
We lay there a few more minutes together before she finally got out of bed and walked into the bathroom. She shut the door, and I heard her start to pee. Normally, after sex at night, she would also take a warm washcloth to her pussy and wipe herself off so she wouldn't feel sticky as she tried to sleep.
Even though she'd already gotten out of bed and was in the bathroom, my head was still filled with my fantasy vision of her lying on her back, knees pulled up to her chest with her legs spread, and offering her pussy to her father. Despite the fact that I had miraculously cum twice in the last 30 minutes, I was getting hard again, thinking about it, and I knew for me, the night wasn't quite over yet.
Throwing caution to the wind, I got up and knocked on the bathroom door lightly. "Hey babe," I said, "I'm going to turn the lights off downstairs and lock up so we can just crawl back in bed, ok?"
When she answered back "Ok" I added, "And, don't wash yourself off yet, I was thinking we might play a little more if that's alright with you."
"You're still horny?" She asked me through the bathroom door.
I intentionally ignored her question and left the bedroom to go get her purse, and the bag from the adult book store with the school girl costume inside. I turned off the lights and locked the front door, lingering a little longer than necessary downstairs for the sole purpose of giving her a little time to think by herself.
When I came back into the bedroom, she was in bed and turned away from me. I turned the ceiling light on low, crept into bed and scooted over behind her. Lying right up next to her, I let my hands caress her side, hips and legs. She hadn't put her nightgown on.... she was still naked, so I guess she succumbed to the idea that there was more sex on tap for tonight.
"So," I asked, "are you going to dress up in your Naughty School Girl outfit for me tomorrow?"
"I just might." Cindy answered, as she chuckled into her pillow. "Are you going to dress up as my favorite teacher?"
"Baby, I'll be who ever you want me to be. Would it turn you on if I pretended to be your teacher? Or, would you like me to be someone else?" I asked.
"Well," she said, playfully, "who do you have in mind?"
"Oh, I don't know," I answered, "maybe we could pretend you were a bad girl at school and bringing home a note from your principal, or something....."
Then I added "And maybe you might to be punished. You might need a spanking, or something."
"Or something? What kind of something did you have in mind?" My wife asked, giggling.
I ran my hand down her body and nestled it between her legs from behind. As I did, she shifted her position and pulled one of her legs up, allowing me to touch her pussy from behind. As I slowly stroked the path between her bottom cheeks and her pussy lips, I said, "Well, I figure if you're going to be dressed in that little, tiny skirt, and laying over my lap for a spanking, I don't know how any red blooded man on this Earth man could resist touching and feeling everything. It seems like such a waste to have you in a vulnerable position like that and not take advantage of it."
She opened her legs more for me, and my fingers found the incredible, slippery wetness of her girl spot. Very tenderly, I stroked the outside of her lips and up toward her clitoris taking extra care not to enter her vagina.
"Oh! I see." She said. "So you think I would just lay there and supposedly let you feel me up and then spank me, too? Do you really think I'd allow that?"
"I don't see that you'd have much choice." I replied. And, then deciding to try to continue our previous 'daddy role play', I said, "After all, if you were sent home from school with a note from the principal, you must have been pretty bad.... and I think a spanking from your father would be very much called for. Don't you?"
It was at this time that I slowly put two fingers into her vagina. They slipped in easily, and again, I felt a swell of wetness envelop the palm of my hand as my fingers went into her all the way. She was wonderfully wet -- almost gushing.
She pushed back into my hand and adjusted herself so she was lying on her tummy. Still facing away from me, but with her legs spread, I took that as my cue to continue fondling her. So, not speaking another word, she simply laid there and I did the best I could to masturbate her very slowly and, very lightly.
I worked my way up and down her labia with very gentle and slight touches, lingering from time to time to diddle her clit and then slip easily back between the warmth of her pussy lips. She relaxed as I did this, allowing her body to sink into the softness of the bed, and giving me free reign to do anything I wanted to her.
After a few minutes, I slipped one of my hands under her so I could play with her clit. With my other hand, I started a repeated thrusting motion with two of my fingers pressing against the front wall of her vagina, directly rubbing her G-spot. I knew it wouldn't be long before she couldn't resist the urge to wiggle and hump her hips at me.
True enough, before long, she was alternately rubbing her mound down on my hand that was concentrating on her clit, and tilting her bottom up to allow by finger thrusts to get into her deeper and with more pressure. I watched for signs of her climax closely, and when it started, she began clamping down on my fingers with her PC muscles. I quickly pulled my hand away from her clit, but continued the pressure on her G-spot and let her just enjoy the feeling as her orgasm swept over her, and then slowly pass. I love making her cum like that, and she's so good about letting me touch her that way.
We laid there for a few minutes before she turned over to face. She placed her hand on my cheek and said "Jim, can I tell you something?"
"Uh huh. Of course, baby." I answered.
"And, will you promise you won't ever hold this against me?" She asked.
"Uh huh." I said. "Cross my heart and hope to die."
She took a deep breath and leaned over to kiss me on the lips. "You were right about what you said before." She said. "I have thought about.... you know.... doing sexual things with my father. And yes, I got pretty turned on when you were saying those things and pretending to be my Dad."
"Yeah, I know what you mean," I replied. "I have to admit, it really got me going, too. I can't believe I came twice. It was amazing."
"Is that a little twisted, though?" She asked. "That we're both getting turned on thinking about me having sex with my father?"
"I.... I'm not sure." I said. "I can't deny the idea of it is pretty much consuming every ounce of me right now."
Before she could say anything else, I decided the best thing I could do, would be for me to be honest with her, so I asked, "Cindy, how about this..... I'll tell you what I was thinking about while we were doing that, if you'll tell me what you were thinking about. Is that a deal?"
"Uh, okay." She said. "But, who's going to go first?"
"You chicken!" I kidded her. "I'll go first..... provided we agree up front that we can each say anything we want and won't have to worry about the other person getting pissed off, or hurt or something. Okay?"
"Hmm, that sounds fair." She replied. "So, go ahead...... you go first. Be honest, now.... what got you so turned on?" She asked.
"Remember, you promised not to get mad or anything." I reminded her. She told me she remembered and it was safe to say anything I wanted.
"Actually," I began, "there were a few different things that went through my mind. I guess the biggest thing is that I had this vision of you -- naked. You were lying back on the bed with your knees pulled up, and spread really wide..... and your Dad was fucking you. You were moaning and telling him how good it felt. You were running your hands through his hair, saying nasty things, and urging him on. In my mind, I kept seeing that image from one angle, and then from another angle I was watching his cock slide into you. Your head was tossing about from side to side like you were really getting off on it, and you kept smiling at me while he was fucking you."
"You mean...... like you'd be there watching us?" She asked.
"Well, hell! I mean, I love seeing you naked. And, I love seeing you be sexual. Is it so surprising that I would get turned on watching you have sex?" I answered.
"I guess not," she said, "but with someone else?"
"No," I replied, "you're not understanding me, babe. What I mean is - I would probably be really pissed to catch you, or, see you with anyone else. But, I know you love your Dad and I know he loves you. I know you're not going to leave me for him, and he's not going to leave your Mom for you. You're not going to catch anything from him and he's not going to catch anything from you..... so it's more like I would be watching you enjoy getting off on some good sex with your Dad -- it's not like you'd be cheating."
"Jim, are you serious about that? Are you saying it would be okay for me to sleep with my Dad?" She asked.
"Yes." I answered. "But, I doubt there would be much sleeping going on. I'm thinking you're going to be riding on top of him, sucking him off, taking him from behind.... maybe even letting him have your ass..... anything and everything."
"And all that would be okay with you?" She replied. "Having oral, vaginal and anal sex with my father? Doing everything you and I do?"
"Cindy, I can't believe I'm saying this, but, if you wanted to be with him, I'd easily give you my permission. All I ask is that you consider letting me watch you if you ever did it." I said.
"Wait a minute." My wife said. "You're really serious about this, aren't you?"
"To be completely honest..... yes.... I am serious. I wouldn't want you to sneak around or keep it from me. But, if you wanted to, you could have my permission." I said.
My confession probably blew her away to a point of silence, because she was quiet for a minute or so before I said, "Ok, your turn now. Tell me what was going through your mind."
It took a while for her to speak. "Do you remember when I stayed at my parent's house the week before our wedding?" She asked.
I remembered. Her mother pressured her to stay there for a week while they got all the last minute things done for the wedding. There was final altering for the dresses, hair appointments, finding the right shoes.... just a ton of things they needed to finish up. I remember it well because she had been so incredibly horny that whole week. She snuck away every evening, making some excuse why she had to see me, then fucking me ragged and then rushing back to her parent's house for the night. I figured she was so horny simply because she was missing me, but, I was about to find out differently.
"It's a long story," she continued to explain, "but, the bottom line is that the first day I was there, I caught my Dad with a pair of my panties. He was..... you know.... masturbating..... holding them up to his nose and smelling them while he did it....."
"No way!" I replied. "He was getting off on your panties? How cool is that!"
"I'm trying to be serious here, Jim." Cindy, said in a stern tone. "I had a pile of laundry in my old room that I was going to wash. It was just this big pile of clothes I was going to throw in the washer, and my panties from the day before were in it."
She went on to tell me that her mother had gone out to the store, and Cindy had told her Dad that she was going to meet me for an early dinner. She left the house, and got about three blocks away before she realized she had forgotten her cell phone. So, turning around, she went back to her parent's house. She said that he apparently didn't hear her come in, and the next thing she knew, she was standing in the doorway to her room and he was in there, laying on her bed, pants down, cock out and stroking himself while he sniffed her panties.
"Did he see you?" I asked.
"No, I don't think so.... his eyes were closed." She said. "I was so shocked that I just backed out of the room and left as quietly as I could."
"At first, I didn't know what to think about it, but, I've seen you do the same thing, and I've heard my girlfriend's talk about their boyfriends and husbands using their panties to jerk-off. I was just surprised to see my Dad doing it...... with my panties." She told me.
"I started to wonder if he'd done it before," she said, "and then I remembered that there had been a few times in the past when some of my underwear mysteriously disappeared."
As she told me her story, she said she finally accepted the possibility that he had probably been doing it for a long time, and honestly, it kind of turned her on. The thought of her own father smelling her panties, and masturbating with them, started a whole chain of fantasies with her and her Dad at the center of each one.
"Don't you remember that first night I stayed over there?" She asked. "Remember you and I were supposed to go out for dinner, but when I got to your place, all I wanted to do was fuck?"
It was true, I remembered it clearly. As soon as she got to my apartment, she wasn't there more than a few seconds before she stripped down to her panties and came at me. She didn't let me take her panties off for a long time, either.... and with all the touching and foreplay, she was literally dripping wet. After we fucked, instead of taking a shower as she usually did, she put those same panties back on and drove back to her parent's house.
"I did something bad on the way home." She said. "I played with myself while I was driving. I couldn't get my mind off my Dad and my panties, and all I wanted to do was get home and give him a chance to find the panties I was wearing, and I wanted them to be wet and slippery."
"I really wanted him to have them, Jim." Cindy said to me. "I wanted him to jerk himself off again and smell my wet panties while he did it."
She told me when she got home, she went into her room and closed the door. She stripped, except for her panties, and stood in the middle of the room facing the door, hoping her Dad might come in and catch her. As she waited, she touched herself again, making herself cum as she stood there looking at the closed door, waiting for it to open.
"Did he come in?" I asked.
"No, he never did," she answered, "and I probably would have chickened out if he would have, but I kept thinking I would just stand there and wait for him to come in, and if he did, I would pull my panties down to my knees and just stand there and let him look at me."
"I would love to see that." I told her. "That would be so cool to watch you expose yourself to him."
She went on to tell me that the next morning, she left those same panties lying on the floor of her parent's bathroom, saying "Their shower is much bigger than the one in the bathroom across from my old room, so I asked if I could use their bathroom. When I was done, I just left my panties on the floor. An hour later I went back to see if they were still there, and, they were gone. I'm sure if my Mom would have found them she would have tossed them in my room, so, I knew Daddy found them."
I started to ask her some more questions about that week she stayed with them, but, she interrupted me saying it was my turn again...... my turn to share more of my thoughts.
"Okay." I reluctantly agreed. Then thinking a minute, I smiled over at her.
"I think I'd like to see him give you a spanking." I said. "You would look so good all dressed up in your little school girl outfit, wearing some cute, little girl panties stretched across your little butt and creased up between your pussy lips. I would tell him you were bad and needed a spanking. Then I would stand you in front of him and pull up your little skirt and hold it up above your waist. Then I would make you tell him you were bad, and you'd tell him you should be spanked."
"Wait!" I said suddenly, changing my mind. "Even better.... you would tell him you needed a spanking on your bare bottom. Then you'd pull your panties down and stand in front of him, letting him look at you until he was ready to spank. I might make you spread your legs while he looked at you so he could see everything. And, oh yeah - you'd be shaved."
She reached down to feel my cock, and finding it was completely hard, she gave it a few slow strokes. "You really are getting off on this, aren't you?" She asked.
"I can just see you standing there in front of him with me holding your skirt up above your waist, and your panties down at your knees." I said. "He might reach out and feel your pussy, you know...... and you'd have to let him. You'd have to stand there while he touched your soft lips.... completely shaven ahead of time so your Daddy could see all of you clearly. I wouldn't want you to hide anything from him, baby..... I would just want you to stand there and let him look, and touch, as long as he wanted to."
"What about the spanking?" She asked, still stroking my cock, nuzzling into my neck, and kissing me lightly.
"You would have to stand there until he was ready to spank you, Cindy. Eventually, I'd slowly move you to his lap, lay you down and pull your skirt up as far as it would go. Then, I'd immediately spread your legs so he could see I was giving him permission to touch you. He might make you stay there for an hour while he touched your pussy and that nice ass of yours before he gave you the first swat." I said.
"So you would just stand there and watch while he put his fingers in me. Up inside me?" She asked.
"Oh, sure." I answered. "I might even hold your butt cheeks open so he could touch your butt, too"
"You mean my butt hole?" Cindy was shocked, I could tell it in her voice. But, she kept stroking me.
"Oh, come on," I said, "you know you love it when I touch you there. And you would love it if he touched you there, too. You would wiggle your little bottom and moan like a baby when his finger went inside, so don't pretend you wouldn't like it."
I was right, and she knew it. We discovered our mutual love of anal play soon after we started dating. For her it was insanely nasty and erotic, and for me, I loved seeing her shudder when my finger slipped inside her cute butt. In her mind, that was just about the most personal thing a woman could do....... open her ass up to be felt or fucked..... and I soon learned how to take advantage of her darkest desires.
"Okay," I said, "Now it's your turn, again. Be honest and me exactly what you'd like to do with your father if you were given the chance."
"What exactly does that mean?" She asked.
"It means," I explained, "let's just say you could get together with your father. Tell me how you'd like to see it happen. Tell me what you'd do."
Cindy let go of my cock and rolled over onto her back. Moving her body right up next to me, she laid her hand on my chest, and sighed as she rubbed her fingers across my nipples. "Well," she began, "I don't see it happening quite like you do, Honey."
"I mean," she explained, "your fantasy of seeing me across my Dad's lap with my skirt up and my panties down sounds exciting, but, it's not very realistic. He's never spanked me, so I can't see him ever doing that. But," she quickly added, "that doesn't mean it can't be your fantasy. I just doubt it would happen like that."
Cindy seemed to pause for a minute, and then as she fidgeted with the hairs on my chest, I sensed some hesitancy in her. "Come on." I urged. "Tell me how you see it happening."
Now, my wife isn't what you'd call 'shy' or 'reserved'. I very rarely see her hold back, and when she has something to say, she usually says it. And, given the fact that we'd already had sex while we role played me being her father...... and given the fact that I'd already told her my nasty vision of her having sex with him, I really thought she'd be ready to share. But, Cindy seemed to be stalling as she twisted her fingers around my nipples and nervously played with my chest.
I decided to wait her out, and patiently, I just kept quiet. Her fingers never stopped moving on my chest, and I knew she was either unsure or confused about what to do. Finally, after a few agonizing minutes, she snuggled her head down into a soft spot in the crook of my arm and started to speak.
"Jim, I know we were just having fun before...... when we were fucking and I was calling you Daddy. And, then when you were telling me how you envisioned it -- I knew it was just a harmless fantasy. Even when you said you'd let him fuck me, I just figured it was part of the fantasy we were sharing, and I admit I was getting off on it. We both were."
Cindy shifted her weight, threw her leg over my body and in a few seconds, she was lying on top of me, resting her head on my shoulder. She wasn't trying to be sexual; it was more like she was cuddling with me, and as I wrapped my arms around her, I felt her body melt into mine, and she kissed my neck.
"Parts of your fantasy," she said, softly, "I really like. The part where you expose me, maybe undress me in front of him, I really liked that part a lot. And where you said you'd slowly lead me to him, I like that, too."
Her voice was so soft, and I could feel her breath on my neck as she spoke. When she said she liked the part where I exposed her to her father, I felt myself starting to get hard again. Cindy felt it, too, and she opened her legs a little, wiggling around until my hardening cock was at the gap between her legs.
Then, she began speaking again, but this time, she was less hesitant. She told me that in her mind, it would happen at her parent's house. She'd be dressed in a skirt with a button-up blouse. Out of the blue, I'd simply take her by the hand and lead her to her old room. I'd close the door and we'd embrace, kissing passionately while I felt her up. She said we wouldn't speak at all, we'd just be kissing.
As we kissed, the door would quietly open and her father would look in at us. She said I'd smile at her father, and wave him into the room. Of course, he'd enter, but once he did, he'd close the door, move directly to her old bed and he'd sit down. Then, I'd take her by the hand, move her to the center of the room, and still without saying a word, I'd stand behind her and turn her to directly face her father.
Slowly, I'd bring my arms up from behind and place them on her breasts, gently squeezing and kneading them while her father watched. I'd be kissing her neck from behind, gently placing tiny kisses on her skin from her ears down to her shoulders, and while I did that, my hands would begin to unbutton her blouse. She told me she wouldn't try to stop me. She'd just stand there, looking at her father while I unbuttoned her blouse all the way down, and then I'd remove it so he could see her in her bra.
She stopped talking for a minute and looked down at me. "You're hard again." She said, quietly whispering in my ear. "I can feel you poking into me down there. Just be still now, okay?"
Cindy wiggled her hips and scooted down on me, and I felt my cock nudge up against her pussy lips. With the grace of a ballerina, she moved herself in such a way that my cock entered her easily, and as she moaned in my ear, she pushed herself down on top of my rod and then settled down on top of my chest again, not moving at all.
She giggled for an instant and I felt her squeeze my cock. "Don't move a muscle." Cindy said, then she continued with her story.
After I removed her blouse, she told me my hands would move to the zipper of her skirt and I'd pull it down, allowing the skirt to fall on the floor around her ankles. "I'd feel so exposed like that, Honey." She whispered to me, as she squeezed my cock with her vaginal muscles. "But, you'd know how much I've secretly dreamed about this and how much I've always wanted this. And, you'd know I was too scared to do it myself, so you were there to help me expose myself to my father."
Cindy's pussy was squeezing my cock harder now, and she was moving minutely on top of me, gently rocking back and forth, while she squeezed my cock.
She said she'd be wearing some very small panties, just barely big enough to cover her pussy, and I'd start to touch her there, between her legs, while her father watched. She'd move her legs apart to make room for my hand, and I'd run my fingers up and down her pantied pussy, creasing her panties up into her slit while I stood behind her. After a minute, though, I'd move my hands to her waistband and slide her panties down her thighs, stopping at her knees.
She said she'd be looking directly at her father the whole time to see his reaction. She told me she wanted to see the look on his face when her cleanly shaven pussy was revealed to him for the first time. She told me how embarrassed she would feel, but, she didn't want me to stop, she wanted me to continue undressing her until she was completely naked.
Cindy has moving more on top of me now. She was using her arms, now stretched out above my head, to push her body down against my cock. She was starting to grind herself on me, and she'd stop talking for a few seconds to catch her breath, squeeze my cock and then start talking again.
She confessed to me that even though she was too afraid to do any of this on her own, having me do it for her was a dream come true, the fulfillment of a lifelong fantasy she'd harbored deep inside her. This longing, which she'd hidden since she was a teenager, had eaten away at her for years, and now that she was finally able to live it, she didn't want it to end -- she wanted me to continue.
And, she told me I did. Leaving her panties at her knees, I released the clasp on her bra and pulled it from her. Still, with not a word being said between either of us and her father, she stood silently as her breasts were exposed. My hands went to her nipples and as I pinched them lightly, she told me she'd have to bite her lip to keep from moaning. She told me she'd be sopping wet by then, and how I'd run my fingers up her slit to prove it to her father. She told me how I'd reach down and gently pull her lips apart so her father could see the glistening pinkness between her legs, and how I'd finally push her panties down and have her step out of them.
As she spoke, Cindy was almost fully fucking me now. Her hips were moving and she was sliding back and forth on my cock, grinding down on my pubic bone when she pushed all the way down on me. Her eyes were just tiny slits and I knew she was practically in a dream state -- somewhere between reality and fantasy as she fucked me and told me her version of our nasty fantasy.
"You'd bend down," she said in between breaths, "to pick up my panties and you'd hand them to Daddy."
I reached to her chest and began to pinch her nipples the way she likes to be pinched. When I did, she raised up and starting riding me, huffing and puffing for a second and then abruptly stopping as she sat on top of me, feverishly grinding down on me again.
"Now that I was naked," she resumed her story, "you'd move me in front of Daddy and gently push me down so I was on my knees in front of him as he sat on the bed. Then, you'd bend down and kiss me, whispering in my ear that you were giving me to my father for the night, and then you'd leave the room and close the door."
All of a sudden, Cindy started to buck wildly on top of me, crashing down on my cock and fucking me hard. Then, throwing herself down on my chest, she started to groan. "Please fuck your little girl, Daddy." She moaned in my ear. "Jim said it was okay. Please, Daddy..... I've waited so long."
With that, I wrapped my arms around her and holding her to my chest, I rolled over so I was on top. I reached down to grab her feet and pulled them way up, and held them out. "Your Daddy's here now, Cindy." I said. "Daddy's going to give you your wish."
I fucked her unmercifully, holding her legs up and out while I looked down to watch my cock slide in and out of Cindy's beautiful pussy. Her fingers dropped down and she started to play with her self as I fucked her. I could feel her fingers touch the shaft of my cock as she explored her lips and played with her clit.
"Yes, Daddy! Yes!" Cindy screamed. "Fuck me!"
We were both too far gone to be careful with what we were saying now. Fantasy or not, I didn't care.
"I want your father to fuck you, Cindy." I said, as I pounded into her. "You can spend the night with him..... you have my permission. I'm serious, no more bull shit about this."
"I'd come right back to you in the morning." She answered, gasping for breath. "And.... you could, uh,....."
"Oh, baby...." I moaned, "I'd love to lick you and have you sit on my face...... and tell me everything you did with your father while we fucked. Would you do that for me?"
"Yes! Yes!" She exclaimed.
""Swear to me you'll do it." I said, not caring anymore what she'd think. "Swear to me you'll fuck him."
Cindy started to cum first. She froze and started to shake, gritting her teeth and thrashing around on the bed, under me. I felt her pussy muscles contract on my cock and then I was helpless after that. My cock surged, and then it felt like a year's worth of cum shot out of my cock and into her warmth. I was in total rapture as my balls unloaded into her, feeling ripple after ripple of pleasure cover my body.
When we were both done, and our sweaty bodies were lying compressed on top of each other, neither one of us had the strength to do anything but try to catch our breath. After a few minutes, I rose up off of her and looked down at my wife.
"I wasn't kidding, Cindy." I asserted. "You have my permission to fuck your father."
Smiling up at me, she replied, "If you can set it up and make it happen, I'll do it."
And, that's how I came to be sitting here, knowing tonight was the night to talk to Bert, Cindy's dad, and my father in law. I knew exactly what I was going to say, and I was praying he'd hear me out. If it went well, Cindy would have her wish, and..... I would have mine, too.
To be continued...