I woke up around seven. Sam was still asleep. I looked over at her and saw her belly and boobs rise and fall as she breathed. I cried because it's such a beautiful sight. It seems like every other night since she started to show, I've looked over at her in awe. Heck, even before we got married, when we'd spend the night together, I'd see her beautiful body next to mine and wonder how I got so lucky. On this occasion, Sam woke up while I was watching. She turned toward me and said, "Morning, Wolf." My chin must have been in a certain spot, because she could tell I was trying to say something. "What is it, honey?"
The truth is, the reason I hadn't formed any words is that I wasn't sure what I was trying to say until she asked me. "I'm just thinking how lucky I am," I said. Even that wasn't it, but it was true.
"We both are," she said.
"And the really amazing part is that you think that," I told her. "I just remembered. I wanted to ask you last night, but you'd already gone to sleep. You stayed on the Pill for five months after we got married. How did I talk you into going off?"
"You didn't," Sam told me. "Well, what I mean is, you didn't have to. All you had to do was ask, and I would have gone off the day we got married. I would have stopped the say you proposed. Even before I met you, I knew I'd want kids one day; I just figured we should have some time to ourselves first. When we went to Jolene's wedding and I saw you playing with your nieces, I knew you'd be a good dad."
"Okay, so why'd you finally quit?"
"I guess I never told you that part, did I?" I shook my head. "You remember the canoe trip we went on with T.J. and Corinne?" I nodded. "When we got back, I realized I'd forgotten to take it all weekend. When I thought I might be pregnant, it made me smile. I wasn't, but that was the night I asked if you'd like to make a baby. You answered by leading me to the bed and fucking me till we couldn't move any more."
Corinne is one of Sam's co-workers. She's not a woman who's normally extravagant with gifts, but she loves to choose the perfect gift. When we told T.J. about our canoeing adventures, he thought it sounded like fun. Corinne bought him a canoe for Christmas that year. Of course, he told us about this, and we decided to go on a trip together. Each couple brought a canoe and their own sleeping equipment. T.J. and Corinne provided the beverages and the marshmallows. Corinne and I brought the meat, the chocolate and the graham crackers.
Corinne has a dynamite figure. She wore jeans and the same kind of shirt that Mary Ann and Daisy Duke used to wear. The outfit accentuated her narrow hips and nice bust when it was dry. When it was wet, I tried in vain to keep Sam from seeing that it gave me a hard-on. Luckily, she knows that I only have eyes for her. T.J. has what they call an athletic build and a beard with just the tinge of gray that makes him attractive to women of all ages.
After we set up camp, we roasted our hot dogs and then proceeded to move on the marshmallows and other treats. It was early enough in springtime that it got dark early. T.J. told us a scary story that he'd heard when he was a Boy Scout, which led to both wives sitting on their husbands' laps. T.J.'s chair was strong enough for him and Corinne; Sam and I had to move to the picnic table. I could see that T.J. was trying to secretly feel his wife's boobs while they kissed. Since they were distracted, I put my hands between Sam's legs and rubbed her pussy. We laughed at the wives pretending to be scared. We'd grown up too much to be scared by ghost stories, so I told a story about a bank that foreclosed on a mortgage by mistake. Everyone screamed at that one, and Sam held onto me tight. I held her close and gave her an open-mouth kiss.
Corinne told us a story she'd heard from a cousin in Boston. "This woman was doing her laundry, and the hose connecting the washing machine to the water broke. She called the warranty company, and they sent a guy out who was wearing ... a Yankees cap!"
T.J. and I screamed at that one. I turned to Sam and said, "Hold me!" while I pretended to shiver.
T.J. and Corinne had set their tent up twenty feet downstream from the campfire area. Ours was forty feet upstream. When we'd eaten all the hot dogs and most of the sweets, Corinne decided to go to bed. We said our goodnights and headed to our respective tents. As soon as Sam and I were in bed, Sam told me, "I thought that would never end."
"You didn't enjoy it?" I asked. "We don't have to do it again."
"No, I mean I've been waiting to get you into here!" She reached over and started stroking my dick through my underwear.
"Oh," I said with a smile. I reached under her nightshirt and found her pussy.
"Mmm," she replied.
"Sit up," I told her, and she did. I lifted her shirt up to her shoulders and leaned down to suck on those beautiful melons.
Sam leaned in and said, "There's a full moon tonight."
"So?"
"It's the perfect night for a skinny-dip," she said.
I certainly wasn't going to refuse this opportunity! I took off my underwear and switched into swim trunks. Sam didn't change at all. We headed upstream about half a mile before we found a safe inlet. Sam walked into the water just far enough that it didn't get her shirt wet. She took it off and tossed it to me. I put it on the ground, put my trunks on top of it and waded toward Sam. We put our arms around each other and had a longer kiss than what we'd been comfortable with around the fire. I could feel her beautiful tits against my chest, and I knew she could feel my cock against her thigh. "You're so sexy in your birthday suit," I told her. "Especially with the moon reflecting off your hair and nipples."
"Move," she said. I stepped back. "No, this way, stud!" she corrected me. She pulled me back and centered me. My cock was between her thighs. "I love it in water," she said.
I felt between us until I could find her pussy, and I pointed my dick in that direction. "If you love it in water, then I do too," I said. She stepped toward me and adjusted her legs. My cock was pointing right inside of her.
"Turn around," Sam told me. "There's a tree behind you." I did. I backed her toward the tree and pinned her against it, with both of us still in the water. I moved my hips in and out, fucking my beautiful wife under the water. "This reminds me of some of those birthing rooms I've heard about," she said.
"Give you any ideas?" I asked.
"Maybe," she said with a smile.
I'd been moving slowly before, but anything short of, "For God's sake, don't get me pregnant," was a turn-on at this point. I pounded into her even harder. "Oh, shit, yes," I said. "Filling that pussy with my cum. Watching that belly get bigger and more beautiful."
Sam put my hand on her belly. "Imagine the first time you feel it kick," she said.
I rammed my hips into her again and didn't pull back out. "Oh, shit, here it comes!" I warned her.
"Give it to me, honey. Give it to me!" I let one spurt enter her, but I pulled out. "Why'd you do that?" she complained.
I pointed my dick in the air and watched some of it land on her wet stomach. "I just wanted to see this happen," I told her.
"Yeah, well maybe I want some more!" she said and she grabbed my still-hard dick.
"T.J. and Corinne have the graham crackers," I joked.
"But I've got the topping right here," Sam told me. She started stroking my dick and didn't let up until I was coming into the air. When the last bit had covered her hand, she said, "My turn." She took my hand and put it over her pussy. I slid my index finger in and out a few times. I added one finger at a time until I had four inside her cunt. She was groaning and writhing. "Gimme your cock again, damn you!" she grunted. I was only too quick to oblige. When I came this time, she said, "Oh, yeah, all those little swimmers."
Hearing her say that made me switch from erotic mode to romantic mode. I held her close and kissed her. "All those little swimmers, heading for the one egg. Godspeed, little guys!" As I finished coming, I told her, "I love you so much."
We could hear water splashing downstream from us, and it didn't sound like just the normal current or waves. We put our clothes back on as quietly as we could and headed back to our tent. We didn't hear any sounds except water, until we got back inside. As soon as we zipped it, I heard Corinne say, "I think they're back inside."
T.J. said, "I guess they didn't see us."
"Thank God," Corinne said. "Quick, before it's too late!"
I turned to Sam and said, "Wait. That means they sawus!"
"God, I wish I'd known that," Sam said.
"You know what this means?"
"That my freaky side is freakier than I realized," Sam answered. "Let's go!"
She unzipped the tent again. She took me by the hand and we walked downstream. They'd chosen a spot that had no tree cover at all, so the moonlight made it easy for us to see Corinne on her knees, sucking T.J.'s dick. I didn't mean anything by it, but I put my hand on Sam's shoulder. She gave me a look that said, "Sure!" She went to her knees and took mine in her mouth.
"Worn out," I whispered. "Let me do you." She found a grassy area and lay down. She turned her head so she could still see T.J. and Corinne, but she spread her legs so I could feast on her beautiful cunt. It didn't have the moonlight on it, but watching the breeze blow over her bush was a new turn-on. I tongued her so deep and so hard that I didn't notice anything else until Sam came and practically strangled me with her legs. She turned her left leg at just the right angle that she forced me to look toward the river.
T.J. and Corinne were applauding. "Ten!" T.J. yelled.
"9.5!" Corinne added.
"Only 9.5?" Sam asked.
"I took off a half-point 'cause I didn't see you squirt," Corinne explained.
"Then we'll have to do better," I said. Having an audience gave me new strength. I took my trunks off and slid between Sam's thighs.
Sam pushed me back and told me, "They won't see it from that angle." She got on all fours. I slid inside her velvety opening and fucked her for all I was worth. "Yeah, yeah," she panted. "Fill me up, honey!"
"You want me to come in your cunt again, don't you?"
"Mm-hmm," she said. I could tell by the way she held her head up that she was smiling.
"And knock you up!" I said.
Sam turned her head and said, "Get ready to change your score, Corinne!"
In the distance, I heard T.J. say, "Whoa," or something close to it.
I don't remember what else Sam and I said to each other, but Sam says she heard T.J. and Corinne wading back to camp, and soon we went back as well. As we rode the current the next day, we discussed all four of us going skinny-dipping that night. We all liked the idea of swimming naked together, and no one raised the possibility of what might follow, but we couldn't find a place that was isolated enough. We decided to try again on some future trip, but we didn't have an open weekend in common until fall. By then Sam and I were looking for a house for our growing family. We just found out Corinne's pregnant, so we may never get that chance. That's okay; I'm happy having Sam all to myself.
At dinner, Sam revisited the conversation we'd had that morning. She asked me, "Were you disappointed that we didn't get to swim together?"
"Weren't you?" I replied.
"I'm asking you."
"Of course. I just meant, since we all talked about it so casually, I assume that we all were."
"I know I was, and Corinne told me she was too. She may have said T.J. was too; I forget." Sam paused.
I gave her a wicked grin and asked, "What do you think would have happened?"
"Not much," she said. I didn't exactly glare at her, but she could sense my disappointment. "Well, you asked what I thinkwouldhave happened. If you wanna know what I thinkmighthave happened, it'll cost you."
"Name your price," I told her.
"A bowl of pistachio ice cream."
We had run out on Friday night. By now I knew which stores carry that flavor. Fortunately, I'd finished eating, and the one near us is open late on Sundays. A half-hour later, I was home. I filled a small dish with it and handed it to her. "Tell me," I said.
***
We found a place where the river branched off into a lake and set up camp there. I packed the bikini that Wolf had given me for my birthday the year before. Even though we'd all watched each other get it on the night before, Wolf and I didn't want to just show up naked, in case Corinne and T.J. were just kidding, or one of them chickened out. I wore the tiny bikini with a white T-shirt over it. Wolf wore a swimsuit, but he would have had more covering if he'd just worn his underwear. We waded out and waited for T.J. and Corinne.
I thought T.J. was wearing one of those 1900-style swimsuits, but on closer inspection, it was a long striped shirt with matching swim trunks. Corinne told us, "I married Mr. Modesty here," and we all laughed. She was wearing the same denim top she'd worn the day before, but with a red bikini bottom that you could put on the cover of a women's clothing magazine and not have to hide it from kids. (I didn't start thinking in those terms until a couple months ago.)
Wolf and I were standing about two feet away from T.J. and Corinne. "Who's going first?" Wolf asked.
"We will," T.J. said. "Or at least I will." He waded about ten feet out, and Corinne followed. She stood behind him and put her hands under his shirt.
Wolf and I walked out until only his waistband was above the water. My bikini bottom was entirely underneath. He stood behind me and kissed my neck. He rubbed my breasts with his left hand and put his right hand just above the bottom piece. I put my hand under the water and slipped his hand inside the bikini.
Corinne had removed T.J.'s shirt and had both hands under the water. I couldn't see his trunks, but she was clearly playing with his dick. I was tired of waiting around. I went under the water, swam to T.J. and pulled his trunks down to his ankles. I'd only held enough air to get that much done. I came up and turned around. Corinne saw what I'd done, so she grabbed the string on the left side of my bikini bottom. It came untied as I swam away. I'd had a good view of T.J.'s dick, but now everyone had seen my butt. Wolf had given me enough self-confidence that I swam a figure-eight around them instead of trying to hide it.
T.J. told Wolf, "You're right. She does have a great ass!"
Corinne grabbed T.J.'s arm. "Hey. I'm standing right here."
"So do you, dear," T.J. said. "I just hadn't seen hers before."
Wolf told her, "Yeah, if I didn't have a wife with Sam's sexy ass, I'd want one like yours."
I explained, "You were facing away from us when we spotted you last night. Of course, that was from a distance."
Corinne knew what I was getting at. "May as well do it now," she said. She reached under the water and pulled her bottom off. She threw it toward the shore. T.J. had pulled his trunks the rest of the way off and threw them to the same location. She looked at Wolf and said, "That just leaves you."
Wolf started to remove his swimsuit, but I stopped him. With my back to T.J. and Corinne, I put my arms around him. I kissed him on the lips and worked my way down his chest until only my head was above water. I pulled his swimsuit down to his knees, held my breath and went under. I kept my lips pursed so that when I took his cockhead into my mouth, I only got a little water. I could hear T.J. and Corinne cheering. I stroked Wolf's dick a couple times and took him further in. I couldn't stay down long enough to satisfy him completely at one time. I came up and kept stroking him. I noticed they weren't cheering any more. I let go of his dick but cupped his balls, and I moved to his side. Wolf took his trunks off. The last one to take anything off, he was the first one to be completely naked.
While I was under water, T.J. had pulled Corinne into the water, soaking her T-shirt. It was a sexier sight than if she were naked. I went ahead and took my top off. Corinne's shirt was now the only article of clothing anyone had on. T.J. was chasing her through the water. I could tell that he was deliberately holding himself back so that she could stay ahead of him. Finally, she stopped and turned around. He picked her up, and she wrapped her legs around his waist. He held her in place, let her fall back and leaned down to bury his face in her still-covered tits.
Wolf moved back behind me and started playing with mine. T.J. let go of Corinne. She floated a little further away from him. As soon as her feet were in front of him, he lowered himself into the water. He grasped her ankles and pulled her back until his nose was right in her crotch. When his tongue hit her pussy, she stopped floating and stood up. She got on his knees and steadied herself with her hands on his shoulders.
This inspired Wolf. He continued playing with my tits with his left hand, but he moved his right hand down until he found my pussy. He put two fingers in, making me buck. I could feel his hard cock behind me. I told him, "Grab my knees." He did, and I rose enough that I could feel the head near my pussy. He must have felt it, too, because he kept his left hand on my knee and reached underneath to move his cock inside me.
***
Sam had finished her ice cream, and we were sitting on the couch. "How well can you swim?" I asked.
"It was my first P.E. credit in college," she answered. "Why?"
***
Once Wolf was securely inside me, I started doing the breast stroke, and he steered me toward T.J. and Corinne. Corinne had already taken her top off. Once we got close, we stopped. Wolf resumed fucking me. Corinne let T.J. out of her mouth. She lifted his dick in the air, and I licked his balls. Wolf cheered me on. I passed his dick back to Corinne, and now she licked his balls. I licked a line up the bottom of his shaft and circled the crown with my tongue. The more enthusiasm I put into sucking T.J., the harder Wolf fucked me. When Corinne told Wolf, "Your wife really likes to suck, doesn't she?" he went even harder. In fact, he pulled back on my hips in his enthusiasm and pulled me off T.J.'s dick. Corinne resumed sucking her husband, and soon both of us were being filled by our husbands' cum.
When both men had finished, T.J. told Wolf, "Well, you got to see your wife with me. I guess it's my turn."
"How is it your turn?" Corinne asked. "I figure that was Samantha's turn, and now it's mine." No one disagreed with her. She looked at Wolf and said, "After what I saw last night, I know what I want. Bend your knees again." He did. She climbed on top of his knees and planted her pussy squarely in my husband's face.
"Good choice," I told her. Sure enough, Wolf dove straight into her center. He bent her down until she was almost on her back.
"Hold me up," Corinne said. It wasn't clear who she was talking to, so I put my arms under her back.
***
I was on top of Sam. We were kissing and groping each other while she detailed her fantasy. "Please, please, please, ..." I said. She grinned and nodded.
***
I leaned down and kissed Corinne on the lips. I felt another cock behind me. "Hold her up for a minute," I told Wolf. He reached out and supported her head. I separated my butt cheeks. T.J. understood what I meant. I felt his cockhead at my asshole. He put his hands on my hips and moved in slowly. I was glad, too. Wolf's dick is impressively long, but T.J.'s is just as impressive for its width. Once he was securely inside me, I moved Wolf's hands away, and Corinne and I had an extended kiss.
It didn't end until Corinne started pulling her knees back. "He's as good as you told me," she said.
"And T.J.'s as good as you said," I told her.
"That thing he does when he goes to the right?" Corinne said.
"The first time he did it, I blacked out," I told her.
***
"You told her about it?" I asked. I took my pants off in anticipation. Sam had taken hers off while I was at the grocery store and was wearing nothing but a nightshirt.
"Of course not," Sam said. "I'm just imagining it."
***
"Fuck!" T.J. said, and I knew what was going to happen.
"I wanna see," Wolf said, and he went underwater. He wasn't under very long. When he came up, he said, "Holy shit!" He turned to Corinne. "How do you ...?"
"It took us a year before I could take him without lube," she told him. When T.J. finished unloading inside me, Corinne and I returned to our respective husbands. Corinne told both of them, "You still haven't fucked us properly."
"Well, I'll just have to remedy that," T.J. said.
Wolf had already fucked me, but he was only too eager to service my cunt again. This time he walked me to the shore. I lay on my back and anyone walking by could have seen my hubby pleasuring me from every angle imaginable.
***
I was fucking her for real at this point. "What about you and Corinne?" I asked.
"What about us? You're fucking us silly."
"No, I meanyouandCorinne."
"We kissed, remember?"
"That's all?"
"That's more than you and T.J. did. Now, if you wanted, ..."
***
Wolf was hitting every pleasure spot I had, and some I didn't know about before. During a brief interval where he was drawing way back, I noticed that there wasn't any more noise coming from the water. Wolf thrust deep into me again, and then he let out a yelp. "What is it, Wolf?" I asked.
"I just felt a tongue."
I looked at where his cock and my cunt came together and told him, "I don't see anyone."
"Not there, behind me." I could see hands on his hips.
"There's nail polish on those fingers," I assured him. "It's Corinne."
We heard Corinne say, "I'm just gettin' him ready."
She moved to the side. Now I could see T.J. looking over Wolf's shoulder.
***
"What?" I shouted.
"You're so eager to see me and Corinne together. What's good for the goose is sauce for the gander. And those are two fine ganders!"
"Uh-uh."
"Fine. Then I guess Corinne and I won't do anything either."
"You drive a hard bargain," I told her.
"Not as hard as T.J.," she answered, and she laughed.
I hadn't noticed, but she had put her finger in my ass. I tried not to let on how much I enjoyed it, but it was useless. Sam and I had known each other for a year and a half, but this was the first time she'd fingered me. "Oh, T.J.!" I screamed. "You're so big, I don't know if I can handle it!" When she found my prostate, she set me over the edge. "Oh, fuck! I'm coming, Sam!"
"Do you mean in the story or-Oh!"
When I'd finished, I raised my voice and pretended to be Corinne. "Well, the boys held up their end. I guess it's time for us!" I pulled out and proceeded to bury my face in Sam's crotch. Still in falsetto, I said, "Oh, Samantha, you have such a beautiful pussy, I can't help it. I just want to lick each fold from left to right and back, all day long!" I proceeded to hold out each little fold of her enlarged pussy and lick the space in between it and the next, probing as deep as I could in the middle.
"I hope our husbands don't mind!" Sam quipped. Then she lowered her voice. "Oh, we don't mind. Wolf's too busy returning the favor."
As Corinne, I said, "Doesn't T.J. just have the sexiest butt, Wolf? Couldn't you just fuck it all day long?"
"Stop talking to my husband and pay attention to me, Corinne," Sam insisted. I replaced my tongue with my fingers and licked circles around her clit. Before long, I was licking her love juices again. When she'd recovered, she sat up and asked, "So you liked that version, huh?"
"Sure did. But what's the other version?"
"We both get pregnant."
"That already happened, just not on vacation."
"Yeah, but in the fantasy version, I'm having T.J.'s baby and Corinne's having yours."
"That settles it. We're never doing anything like that again."
"Fine by me, honey. I never want to see another penis unless I'm changing a diaper." She stood up and waited for me to say something. "Well?"
"And I never want to see anyone else's vulva, same exception."
She headed for the bedroom. "But I never want to go a day without seeing yours."
"Right backatcha, sexy." I grabbed her ass and helped her get into bed. She needs a lot more sleep these days.