This is my first try at erotica. I'd love any input that will improve my writing. This story is dedicated to every wife that has stood on a pier or in a hangar watching her husband leave, not knowing when she will see him again.
She was standing on the pier at Pearl Harbor, a bundle of nerves. Pacing back and forth for what seemed like the thousandth time. Hell, they were all wound up pretty tight. These were the wives of the USS Morton, a naval ship that had been on an eight month cruise with a convoy of other ships. The assorted wives and girlfriends had signs and banners welcoming home their loved ones. She was one of the youngest at 20. It had been a long deployment, and while the wives had stuck together to keep each other company over the long months, they were so focused on what was to come that they barely noticed each other today. Their eyes were on the entrance to the harbor, looking for any trace that the ship was finally arriving. When navy ships make port they line up according to the rank of the commanding officers, higher rank equals a better spot on the pier. The Morton's CO was new, and so the Morton came in last and was to dock at the end of the pier. The ship was scheduled to pull in around noon. Most of the families had gotten to the pier early, not able to just sit at home and wait any longer. New babies, small children, teenagers, parents, girlfriends and wives were spread across the waiting area. Everyone was dressed in their best. Again there was comfort in knowing that every other woman out there was feeling about the same, desperate to feel the arms of their man wrapped around them.
Carla had begun planning for this day right after she had tearfully dropped Jay off on this very same pier eight months ago. They were so in love, and if she focused on making the homecoming special, she thought maybe the time would pass a little faster. She worked in an office in downtown Honolulu, had friends, went to the movies, and read tons of books, but none of it made up for going to bed alone every night. All of her friends back home thought she was living in Paradise, but actually, it was hell when you were all by yourself. She cried herself to sleep the first week, and decided she was going to become very good friends with her vibrator. She would lay in bed think about how he kissed her, how her needs had always been important to him. He had massive thighs and a compact tight ass. His cock was about seven inches long and had a circumference of about 5 inches when he was aroused. He fit into her perfectly, as if they were made for each other. She thought of how his hands roamed all over her, claiming every part of her body. She fell asleep most nights thinking of him, after masturbating herself to a screaming orgasm.
It wasn't like she didn't have the opportunity to play with others. She was living next to the base, a base that housed thousands of sailors. Most of them far from home and lonely just like her. That fact was made perfectly clear every time she walked from her house to the base pool or the commissary. She was about 5' 5", a size 11, 36 C breasts, had long sun bleached blond hair, and deep chocolate eyes. While she was normally light skinned, living in Hawaii had given her a nice tan. She had every opportunity to find comfort in someone's arms. Once when her brother-in-law, Pat's ship came to Hawaii, she met him at the pier with a lei, and a kiss. He was one of the few crew members with family on the island, so while he disembarked the ship to meet her, most of the others watched from the deck. She placed the lei around his neck and gave him a big kiss and hug. For the benefit of all his buddies still on board and watching, they hammed it up. She announced to all who could hear that he'd gotten lei'd. They received a rousing round of applause and cat calls from all the guys leaning over the rails. Pat got two days of leave and she took him home and gave him a home made meal. They talked about family and how hard life at sea was. They went out later and met several of his friends at the enlisted club. That night alone Carla had at least 5 offers, and more drinks bought for her than she could possibly drink. The club was crowded, and she danced with Pat and some of his shipmates. One of them in particular was very sweet, pale skinned, and rosy cheeked. He danced with her several times, and made it very clear that he was interested in any thing she might offer, no strings attached. It was very tempting, and she could have had her pick, but she really did love Jay. They trusted each other and she was not going back on her vows.
She thought of all of this and more as she paced up and down the pier, growing more anxious by the minute. There had been lots of lonely nights, but now she had a wonderful surprise waiting for him. Finally the ship pulled slowly into view and the crew, dressed in their best while uniforms, was lined up at attention along every rail. The sight took Carla's breath away. She knew that one of those men up there was her man. As the families saw the ship come into view, they cheered loudly and many started to cry. The ship pulled carefully up to the dock and the lines were tied. As family members spotted each other you could hear squeals of delight. There was a small ceremony, some music was played and the moment they had all waited eight months for had arrived. The crew was given permission to go ashore. Carla stood there scanning the men as the walked off the gangplank. All around her were families kissing, and hugging, and crying. She saw men holding their new babies for the first time, and lovers entwined, forgetting the rest of the world around them.
Somewhere in this crowd Jay was making his way to her. She watched the flow of men spilling off the ship and she finally saw the one she was waiting for, scanning the crowd searching for her. Her chest started pounding, and she started waving and yelling his name. The whole world stopped when his eyes met hers, nothing else existed except the two of them. They made their way through the crowds of families and lovers never losing sight of each other, and she threw herself into his arms. He dropped his bags and surrounded her with his whole body. They kissed long and hard and deep, not yet believing they were in each others arms, tears spilling down her cheeks. He pulled her back to take a good look at her, and wiped her tears, before kissing her again. His hands were all over her, trying to convince himself that this was really happening, he was really home. After a few moments they moved aside to make room for the other reuniting families. He noticed that she had a light raincoat on, and while it rained a little almost every day, she had never worn one before.
"Oh baby I missed you so much" she whispered into his ear, "I've got something special for you."
He looked her over, slipped his hand between the buttons of the raincoat, to feel ...nothing! "What do we have here?" he growled, his eyes sparkling.
She pulled him close and gave him a quick peek at what was under the raincoat. She had on a lacy black bra, matching g-string, garter belt and stockings.
"Oh baby, your killing me, I'll never make it home," his voice thick with passion.
"We don't have to make it home, not yet at least," she replied with a grin on her face, "Come with me." he grabbed his sea bag, she picked up his other bag and she led the way toward the parking lot. He followed her through the crowds and then as she wound her was through the cars. She turned toward him every few steps with a curious smile on her face, and raw sex in her eyes.
As they got away from the crowds, she turned to him to explain, "One of my co-workers has an old panel van, you know honey, one with no windows, and she let me borrow it for today." She was beginning to pant with excitement, and he couldn't keep his hands from sneaking under the coat. The van was parked under some trees at the edge of the parking area. She took the keys out of her pocket, and opened up the back doors. He was surprised to see that the van was outfitted with a mattress, comforter, with a small bar off to the side. It was an old chick-mobile from the 1970's. They threw his bags in the front seat. As Carla eased herself into the van, the raincoat came off. Jay was pretty surprised, because they had not yet closed the back door of the van. He jumped in and slammed the door behind him, his clothes flying off at lightening speed. His cock was standing at full attention, with just his briefs covering it. She was on her knees, eyes intent on him.
"Come here, baby," she purred, "let me help you with that."
She grabbed the waistband of his underwear and slowly slid them to his knees. As she did so her mouth slid over the tip of his cock and he twitched. She kissed the head, teasing him. She turned sideways, keeping his cock between her lips, and looking into his eyes, slowly eased her mouth down until she had her nose in his pubic hair. She eased back up and repeated the process several times. She knew this was driving him crazy, and she grinned at him. He grinned back, grabbed her head on either side and held on tight while he fucked her mouth, desperate for release. In just a few moments he squirted what felt like gallons of hot cum into her mouth. She had never tasted anything so good. He fell back, pulling her with him.
"Oh, baby, that was a great idea", he praised her, thinking that was all. She reached over to the bar and from a cooler pulled out a cold bottle of his favorite beer, and opened it for him. He leaned back and took a deep drink, reclining back on one elbow.
"I'm just getting started," and she kissed him deeply, the taste of his cum still in her mouth. "I want you every way I can have you, I have laid awake for hours every night for eight months thinking of the things I want you to do to my body, the things the two of us can do to each other." Carla proceeded to kiss and lick every inch of his body starting with his shoulder, along his chest, paying close attention to his nipples, down his abdomen, and then down his thigh and leg. She kneaded the ass that she loved so much, loving the feel of his tight muscles. She then switched sides and worked her way back up. By then he was through with this beer, His cock was fully erect and he rolled her over and lay down next to her. There was so much to say to each other, but they needed to take care of this aching need first. She undid her bra and slowly pulled it from her body. Their arms and legs twined around each other, he rolled her breasts in his hands, alternating from side to side, tweaking her rock hard nipples. Their mouths were fused together, tongues dancing. One of his hands left her breasts and slowly traveled south. He grabbed one of her garters, pulled out and snapped it against her leg, making her jump. He pulled her g-string off, realizing for the first time that she was hairless. He had wanted her to shave her pussy hair off when they were first married but when she had refused to do it so many times, he had given up. He looked up at her and began to rub her bare mound, moving in circles saying nothing. She moaned into him, and her breath became shallow. He suddenly thrust two fingers into her dripping cunt, rubbing het clit with his thumb, pinching her nipples with his other hand. She was undone, she started to shudder, and cried out over and over, "oh, baby", and "oh, god", she rocked into him and shook until tears came. She didn't mean to cry, but the orgasm she had waited so long for was overwhelming. He sat and held her until the tears slowed. He laid her down on her back, kissing her neck and shoulders, grazing his body over hers, making light contact all over. His cock was straining, the tip dark purple, as he rubbed along her labia.
She shuddered, "Fuck me, fuck me now", she pleaded. And he did. He slowly eased his shaft into her cunt not losing eye contact the whole time. She wrapped her legs around his waist and pulled him in tight. He tried to keep a regular rhythm.
"Faster, oh god, I need you now!" she pleaded again.
And he rammed his cock hard into her, over and over again, battering her womb, pile driving her into the mattress. The whole time chanting, "You are mine, only mine, love you, love you baby, mine." He could feel the tightening of her muscles and knew she would cum again soon, and he drove her even harder and faster, until she screamed, their combined orgasm more that they had ever had together. It seemed as if it went on forever, and they held on to one another until they could breathe again.
From the outside of the van it looked a though a wild animal had been caged and was fighting to get out. The van was rocking and shaking, animal noises coming from within. Several of the couples making their way back to their cars to go home looked on knowingly, a few of the husbands commented that that was the way they wanted to be welcomed home the next time.
It was starting to get late, and Carla and Jay certainly didn't want the Shore Patrol to start wondering about the vehicle. They got dressed, at least Jay did, and Carla just put her coat on over her stockings and garters, the only things she had left on. The housing they lived in was not far from the front gates, and they were home in just a few minutes. They parked the van behind the house and came in through the back door, the smell of roast chicken wafting through the house. "I started dinner ahead of time, because I knew you'd be hungry when we got home, it'll just take a few minutes to get it all together." He wandered through the little house, looking at the changes she had made while he was gone, and put his bags in their bedroom.
"Baby, do I have time for a quick shower?" he called out.
"Sure, dinner will be waiting when you get out," she said with a smile. She went into their room and threw on a sundress and thought to herself, "he's home, he's really here" grinning from ear to ear. She had made his favorite dishes, and really for just the two of them, it was way too much food. She couldn't decide when she was planning his welcome home meal, and so she made everything, roast chicken, ribs, mashed potatoes, gravy, creamed corn, biscuits, even a peach pie. She had pre-cooked most of it and just had to finish it off.
The talked about mostly inconsequential things at dinner. How was her job going? How soon did she have to go back? How are our families? What things did they want to do now that's he's home? He asked her about how she came to the decision to shave her pussy. "Honey there is something we need to talk about, and I'm not sure how to start."
" Oh God, your going to tell me you've met someone else, I know I was gone a long time, but baby I love you so much, please don't leave me" Jay was scared. He knew Carla loved him, but being a Navy wife was hard, and lots of families didn't make it. In fact one his buddies came home from a cruise and got a STD from his own wife.
"Oh no, honey, listen, it's not that, nothing like that" she tried to reassure him, but he still looked concerned. She laughed, looked sheepish, and continued, "You know how there are things you have wanted us to do, but I didn't want to? Like the shaving thing. I shaved once a couple of months ago thinking I'd try it while you were gone, and if it worked out I could surprise you, and if it didn't you wouldn't be too bummed out about it."
"You are still bare down there, how do you like it?"
"I have kept it shaved ever since the first day I tried it. As long as I keep it this way it is great. But the stubblies are awful. Were you surprised?" she asked.
"Yeah, I love it, I can't wait to get my face down in there and lick some bare pussy, and it's got to be better without all that hair in the way." He was grinning like a kid in the candy store, and in a way he was. "Is there anything else you have changed your mind about?"
"I was kinda thinking.....everything. So hear me out and let me explain. While you were gone I did a lot of reading to pass the time. A girlfriend at work gave me a couple of novels she had read and told me they were pretty graphic as far as the sex went. You know how I love reading a good "bodice-ripper". In some of the books the women were tied up, and forced to do things, they had anal sex, sometimes they were slaves. Those books were so hot, and they really turned me on. I think I'd like to try some of that stuff." She looked at him, giving him time to take this all in.
"Honey, when I tried to get in your ass, that one time, I thought you'd gone ballistic. You kicked me out of our bed." He sat there with his mouth hanging open.
"While you were gone, I realized that if I could just have you home I'd do anything. Maybe we could give some of this stuff a try. You know I love it when you are domineering, so dominate me!"
"Carla, you're saying that you want me to tie you up, use cuffs, spank you, even fuck you in the ass, and what ever else I think of?" He was wondering who this woman was and where did they hide his wife? He never thought he'd hear those words coming out of her mouth. Some of the guys on the ship talked about that kind of stuff, but he never thought he'd be doing any of it.
"Not all at once, I thought we could start small and work our way up, really honey, what I am saying is that I trust you, and I know you love me, and I am not going to say "no" anymore." She looked at him with complete love and trust in her eyes, "I'll try anything".
He stood and pulled her into his arms, "If you really mean this, then you've given the greatest gift ever."
"Anal sex???" she said wiggling her eyebrows.
"No, baby, your complete trust in me," he wrapped he in his arms, and kissed her silly.
They cleaned up the kitchen and put the leftovers away together. He took every opportunity he had to rub against her or kiss her as they passed in the kitchen. When put the last of the dishes away, she turned to find him standing there watching her intently. "Come with me", he whispered.
She followed him into their bedroom, the fragrant smell of plumeria wafting through the open windows and they undressed each other, eager to explore the new boundaries, or lack of boundaries depending on how you look at it.
"Now, lie down and let me inspect the job you did shaving." She laid on her back with her legs hanging over the edge of the bed. He kneeled down with his nose pressed between her legs a took in her smell. Then he slowly licked up one side of her cunt lips and down the other, slowly dipping into her vagina. He circled around and then flicked her clit, over and over, and then plunged his tongue into her, fucking her with it. "Ummmm, smooth, I think I like you this way. Ok, so if I am really going to be the boss, my first instruction to you is to keep your pussy smooth at all times."
"Okay, Sir", she said with a grin, "I said I'd do anything, and I will."
He dipped his head back down and continued to stroke her with his tongue, adding two fingers, and then three into her channel. Every time she approached a climax, he's slow down. She grew frustrated with him, wiggling her ass to try and get him to finish her off, but instead he flipped over on her stomach and across his lap. Before she could ask what he was doing, his hand came down on her bare ass. She started to protest and he reminded her with a look who was in charge here. He continued alternating cheeks, until they were both bright red, and she was panting, tears running down her cheeks. He reached between her legs, and felt how wet she was. She was dripping with pussy juice, and he started rubbing her clit and her ass at the same time. It didn't take long for her start moaning and this time he let her come, and she came hard, bucking and shuddering crying our his name. By this time he was fully aroused, and she could feel it. Jay helped her to stand and they pulled the covers off the bed and lay down next to each other. "Every night, I'd lie in my bunk and think about this moment; your smell, the feel of your skin, they way your hair feels as I draw my hands through it."
Carla snuggled in tight, facing Jay, wrapping arms and legs around each other. The kissed over and over, breaking only to take a deep breath. He rolled slightly, forcing her flat on her back, and he hovered above her, nipping and licking allover her breasts and shoulders. She raked her nails across his back and he shivered, slowly lowering his chest to meet hers. They had come together hard and fast in the van and now it was time for gentle loving. She spread he legs and he slowly entered her, savoring every inch. He suckled her breasts, continuing to pump methodically, not rushing, but enjoying every moment. The tension built deliciously, enfolding them in sensations. She wrapped her legs around him, and he pumped faster. She started to whimper, little animal noises coming from deep within her, and a moment later her muscles started to convulse, squeezing Jay's penis. He tensed for a split second, and ejaculated deep within her, over and over. They stayed like that, spent for now, but unwilling to let each other go. When his penis slipped from her, she turned, spooning her back to his front and they fell asleep in each others arm. His job had kept him from her the last eight months, but today he was hers again, at least for awhile, and for now that was enough.