Chapter 24 - Mistress Ashley
Ashley and Brittney exchanged looks and Ashley said, "So, Kayla gave us all the details about last night when we went out earlier."
I looked at Kayla and said, "Oh, she did, did she?" and Kayla looked away and flashed an embarrassed smile that revealed some metal.
"Yeah," Ashley confirmed. "And we think it's a little unfair."
I lifted an eyebrow. "How so?"
"Well, we don't think it's fair that she got to, you know, have sex, real sex I mean, but the rest of us didn't. Not that the other stuff isn't great too. Not at all! The other stuff is amazing. But, like, we're all supposed to be in this together, right? So, we were wondering if maybe we could, I don't know, maybe, If you wanted to, I mean, would it be possible..."
"Ashley, you're fucking killing me, girl. Just spit it out, okay? What are you asking?"
"We want to fuck you, dude," Courtney blurted, glaring at Ashley, who breathed a sigh of relief.
Ashley pointed at Courtney and said, "Yeah, that."
I rubbed my face and scratched my jaw. "Okay...so, before I speak to that, I need to check in with Kayla, first. Was there anything about last night youdidn'ttell them?"
The question jarred her. "W-why? What do you mean?"
"I mean, did you tell themeverythingthat happened?" I lifted my eyebrows a couple times. "Like, everything?"
She shifted her eyes around and shook her head.
"Woah, wait a second," Courtney said. "Are you holding out on us, you little twat? Spill it."
I flashed her a disapproving look, but she ignored it. Kayla squirmed and looked to me for help.
"She didn't have to tell you shit," I said. "I'm curious what shedidtell you, though."
Courtney eyeballed Kayla and said, "She told us she went down on you at first, and then you guys had sex with her on top, and supposedly it was amazing. Then you went down on her and you had sex again, but this time from behind, and it was even better than the first time. Then you guys watched porn for a while and had sex a third time where you did a bunch of different positions, and apparently that was even better than the first two times. Does that about cover it, Kiki?" she asked Kayla, who slowly nodded and smiled sheepishly. Courtney scoffed. "So, what did she leave out?" she asked me.
"Not for me to say."
Courtney blew a raspberry. "What a gyp," she spat. "This is bullshit, you know? We're all in here, baring our souls and sharing everything we do, but then she gets to sneak in by herself and do shit behind our backs."
"And you've never done anything like that before?" I asked, and she closed her mouth and smirked.
"That was different," she said quietly.
"For you, maybe, but not for them," I said. Courtney scrunched her brow and breathed a frustrated grunt but didn't have a response. I addressed the group. "Alright, I'm down for this. If we're lucky, I might even be able to get to all of you today, but it's probably going to take all day. So, who wants to go first?"
"Me!" three girls said at once, with Kayla the lone abstention. I'd done a number on her pussy the night before and didn't expect she'd be up for very much today.
"Okay," I said, "let me ask the question this way: who wants to go first, right now?" and again, three voices spoke as one. I lifted my eyebrows and sighed and tried again. "Who wants to go first, right now, in front of the others?"
No one spoke up this time. At least, not at first. Then Ashley raised her hand.
"Can't we do it in private, like Kay did?" she asked. "We can use my room."
I tilted my head and said, "Sure, wecoulddo that..."
"But what?"
"Well, if we're alone in your room, that means everyone else has to hang out somewhere and wait till we're finished, which might be kind of boring. Also, we could only use your room until your dad gets home, right? So we'd have to do it now, but there's one problem."
"What?" Ashley asked.
I jerked my thumb toward the house. "Your mom's in there."
Ashley frowned. She hadn't thought about that.
"I've got one other tiny little issue with using your room like that," I said, holding my fingers close together, and Ashley gave me a quizzical look. "I'm not an escort. I agreed to teach you guys about sex. All of you, together, as friends, and I don't want to end up as just some dick for you to fuck, okay? And I hope that's not how you see me."
"Of course not!" Brittney said hastily. "I know I don't, and I don't think anyone else here does either."
"No, not at all," Kayla agreed.
"Okay, so that idea's out, then. Another option would be to wait until it's late and do it here, after everyone else goes to bed, but then it's going to take a few days to get to everyone and there's that whole escort thing again," I said.
"I don't want to wait that long," Courtney said, and the other two agreed with her. I looked between them and held up my palms.
"Alright, so that's out too. Since that's the case, let me throw this out there, and then you all let me know what you want to do." They looked interested, so I cleared my throat. "My original goal, if you remember, was to create an atmosphere where the four of you could explore your sexuality. I wanted you to feel a sexual tension permeating the room at all times." I glanced at Ashley. "The Sex Force, right?"
She nodded and a little smile played across her lips. Then I looked down and laughed.
"Speaking of which, why the hell am I even dressed right now?"
Courtney tsked and said, "Exactly what I was thinking. Take it off, dude. Let's see that dick!"
The girls cat-called and whistled, urging me on, and I quickly disrobed to a chorus of applause. Everyone's mood seemed to be lifting.
"Okay, okay, calm down," I said. "Where was I?"
"Sex Force," Ashley reminded me.
"Right. Look, there's no denying that watching other people have sex can be arousing. The sights, the sounds, the smells, they all get us hot. I'll get hard and your pussies will get wet. You'll feel flushed, your nipples will harden, your clit will get hard, your labia will become engorged. In short, it'll make you ready for sex."
As I spoke, my cock swelled until it stood straight out from my pelvis, pointing at the four girls in front of me.
"See what I mean? Watching other people have sex can be, well,sexy. It's called voyeurism, and it's a huge kink, and being watched can be super hot too. That's exhibitionism, and it's also a huge kink. Having sex in public, the thrill you might get caught, knowing other people are getting off watching you, it can all be a huge turn on.
"If we have sex here," I said, "in front of everyone else, we get to explore both aspects of that simultaneously. We get to be voyeurs and we get to be exhibitionists, and that can be incredibly stimulating and pleasurable for everyone, not just for the one's having sex.
"Anyway, just something to think about. Why don't you all take a moment to decide what you want to do, okay?"
It didn't take a moment. Ashley raised her hand again.
"I'll do it," she said. "They can watch. I don't mind."
"You sure?"
She looked around and nodded. "I did Drama last year, and I DM our D and D group, so I'm already kind of used to performing in public. This shouldn't be so different, right?"
"I'm not sure what even half of that meant," I said, "but okay." I went to lock the slider and switch off the lights. "Go ahead and get undressed," I told her when I returned.
Everyone quieted as Ashley rose to her feet. She set her glasses down, then took a couple quick breaths before lifting her form-fitting tee over her head and peeling off her boot cut jeans. When she reached her hand back to unhook her bra, she paused, staring at the ground.
"What's wrong?" I asked.
"I don't know," she said, shifting her eyes around. "Just nerves, I guess."
I rubbed my chin and thought a moment. "That's okay, leave it on for now," I said and she lowered her hands. "When we were all dirty talking the other day, you closed your eyes and did some meditation thing, and when you opened them again, you'd turned into someone else. What was that?"
"Something I learned in Drama," she explained. "it helps you get into the role. You know, inside your character's head."
"Interesting. Okay, let's do this, then...," I said, looking around the room.
Then I saw what I needed and went to the curtains, removing a pair of braided tiebacks securing the fabric panels. I pulled them through my hand to check their length. Yeah, that would do nicely. With my bonds in hand, I pushed the coffee table off to the side to clear the area in front of the sectional.
"What are you doing?" asked Ashley as I looped the tiebacks around the sectional's legs, securing them tightly.
"We're going to act out that fantasy of yours," I said, taking a seat on the carpet, between the two chaise sections of the u-shaped sectional. "Only for real. Kayla, honey, tie my wrists, okay? Not too tight, though."
Ashley gawked at me. "Really?" she asked as I laid back and held out my arms so that Kayla could quickly bind my wrists. "But, I don't have a bustier or boots or anything like that."
"That's fine," I said, testing Kayla's handiwork. The knots were a little tight, but not too bad. Securely bound, my arms spanned across the open middle portion of the sectional, with my feet facing away. "It's not about the costume."
"But, I like dressing up," she said quietly.
"What about that ranger costume you made for Dungeoncon?" Brittney suggested. "That had boots and a bodice."
Ashley's eyes widened excitedly for a second, but then she shook her head. "No, wait, I made that out of buckskin, remember? Not vinyl or patent leather."
"Oh my god, Ash, who gives a fuck? Go get it!"
"Right!"
Ashley threw her clothes back on and bolted from the pool house, returning several minutes later with a bundle of animal skins and fur tucked under her arms.
"Two minutes!" she said breathlessly as she disappeared into the bathroom.
Ten minutes later, when she finally emerged from the bathroom, the three girls turned their heads to look, but I couldn't see over the top of the sectional. I could see Courtney's face, though, and watched her eyes grow wide and her mouth open.
"Ho-ly shit," she breathed.
When Ashley came into view, I nearly choked. Her ornately decorated buckskin bustier, actually an under-bust bodice, sinched her narrow waist and lifted her small, bare breasts high up on her chest. Tightly laced moccasin boots, lined in what looked to be coyote fur, reached just below her knees, and a pair of fingerless buckskin gloves covered her forearms to the elbow. Above the knees and below the waist, she was completely nude.
"What do you think?" she asked, sounding nervous.
"I think you look hot as fuck is what I think," I said and she smiled awkwardly.
"I'm supposed to be a half-Drow archer named Lythrana, but I couldn't find my wig and ears and bow and stuff." She gestured over her shoulder. "I can go look for them, if you want."
"No! I mean, you look amazing just like that. You don't need to be Lythra or whatever."
"Lythrana."
"Whatever. Today, you're going to be Mistress Ashley," I said, and she smiled again and repeated the name. "First things first, though. We need to talk about the rules."
"What rules?"
"The rules for this kind of roleplay. I'm tied up, so I'm entrusting you with a lot of control over me. If I tell you to stop, you have to stop immediately, okay?" Ashley nodded and I continued. "And if I tell you to untie me, you have to do it right away, okay?"
"Okay."
"Good. Now, other than that, you're in complete control and you can do pretty much whatever you want to me." At that, Ashley grinned. "Yeah, I thought you'd like that. When it comes time to, you know, put my cock inside you, I'll talk you through how to do it so you don't hurt yourself."
At the mention of penetrative sex, Ashley became anxious.
"Don't worry, Ashley. You're going to do great. Do your meditation thing and become Mistress Ashley. The rest of you, I want you to watch, but please don't talk or make any comments. Feel free to take your clothes off and masturbate, though, if anything you see turns you on."
Ashley closed her eyes and moved her mouth soundlessly, holding her hands out at her sides, palms facing forward, fingers wiggling. After several seconds, she slowly opened her eyes and a wicked smirk lifted her lips.
"Oh, what have we here?" she asked in a low, sultry voice, approaching like a cat on the prowl. She stopped at my side, feet apart, and placed her hands on her wide hips. "Mm, what they say about you is true. You do have a marvelously large endowment. I'm so glad I was able to purchase you from those Geldan slavers, and I see now that you were well worth the gold they charged me. You'll make a worthy addition to my stable."
Had she cooked all this up on the fly, I wondered? If so, her improvisational skills were top notch. And I couldn't get over the transformation. She looked so fucking sexy, and her demeanor had completely changed. She was no longer Ashley Mitchell, shy nerd virgin. She had become Mistress Ashley, the wicked woodland dominatrix.
I didn't want to wait. I wanted her to mount me right then and there, and my stiff prick showed my eagerness to fuck her. She squatted down beside me to run her fingers over my chest, stomach, and thighs, then reversed course to trail them over my balls and up to the tip of my cock. She looked at me and smiled as her fingers closed over my shaft and she began to slowly jack me off.
"Before I put you to work pleasuring my guests, I need to make sure you understand your place, slave. You will speak only when spoken to, is that understood?"
"Yes."
She squeezed my cock. "You will address me as Mistress Ashley, you insolent slave!"
"Yes, Mistress Ashley," I said quickly, and heard a smattering of soft giggles coming from the sofa above me.
"Mm, that's better," she said, pleased by my obedience. She resumed her lazy handjob. "You're only purpose in this miserable life will be to pleasure whomever I tell you to, whenever I tell you. Understood?"
"Yes, Mistress Ashley."
"Excellent. Your superb body is mine to control. Now, as is customary here, I will need to make certain that you are up to the task for which I have assigned you. I can't have my guests leaving disappointed, now can I?"
"No, Mistress Ashley."
"No is right."
She let go of my cock and stood up, letting her hands drag over her thighs, pussy, and belly, all the way to her breasts. She cupped them and brushed her nipples with her fingertips, teasing them to stiffness. Oh lord, I wanted her to fuck me, and I yanked against my restraints to get at her.
"Why don't you come down here so I can eat your little pussy?" I said.
"Silence!" Ashley bellowed and bent over at the waist to slap me hard across the face. The sound of it shocked her and she gasped and put her hand to her mouth.
"Oh, shit! I'm so sorry! Did that hurt?"
I stared into her eyes, feeling the sting of her slap. "Did I tell you to stop?"
She lowered her hand and narrowed her eyes. Then she slapped me again. "I said, silence!"
The girls on the couch erupted in soft laughter, and Ashley lifted her head.
"Hush, ye bitches! Do not encourage him," she admonished, then lowered her head and sneered, taking my chin in her hand. "I know how to teach his kind a lesson."
She straightened and began a slow stroll around me. My eyes followed her as she surveyed her newly purchased flesh. The bustier and boots accentuated her wide hips and large bottom, and I found myself unable to take my eyes off of her. She noticed my gaze and smiled.
"Like what you see, slave?" she asked, placing a hand on her behind and giving it a few soft smacks as she made her way around me.
"Yes, Mistress Ashley."
"Yes, indeed. Your fondness for big butts is as legendary as it is baffling to one such as I. Be that as it may, you shall never partake of my oversized ass. However, if you are obedient and pleasure me to my liking, I may perhaps allow you to look at it."
My heart hammered in my chest. How could she be this fucking sexy? I wanted her so badly I could hardly stand it. The veins in my forearms bulged as I strained against the ropes securing me to the sectional, but I could hardly budge. I was well and truly restrained.
Ashley observed my struggle with an amused smile, stepping over my outstretched arm to stand with her legs on either side of my head, her back to the couch. She loomed over me in a pose eerily reminiscent of the one that Erin had held just a few hours earlier, and the view from the ground was equally as spectacular. Ashley's small pussy stared down at me, begging to be fucked, and I so desperately wanted to give it to her.
Ashley looked down with a haughty expression and took a deep breath. "I can smell your desire, slave. You reek of it. When was the last time you laid with a woman?"
This morning. "It's been far too long, Mistress Ashley."
"I see. Perhaps I should wrap my lips around your big dick and favor you with a long, sloppy blowjob. Would you enjoy such a treat, my slave?"
My heart flipflopped. Holy fucking shit. "Yes, Mistress Ashley," I said in a hoarse voice.
"Mm, excellent. I believe Mistress would enjoy it herself as well."
Ashley lowered herself down over me, her hands by my hips, her knees straddling my head, and I was struck once again by the similarity to my earlier encounter with Erin. I tried to push her from my mind, but found myself comparing their pussies, noting how different in shape and color they were. Erin's pussy meaty and dark, Ashley's plump, prim and pale.
"You may gaze upon my pussy," Ashley continued, "and the large butt you seem to covet so highly. I must admit, your strange ways baffle me, slave, but I shall grant you this favor just once, so do not take it for granted. But be warned, neither my pussy nor my butt may you touch. Failure to heed my warning shall result in swift punishment. Do you understand?"
God, I loved this girl. "Yes, Mistress Ashley."
"Good. Now, I shall proceed to suck this big dick, because it looks amazing and I'm tired of waiting."
A warm wetness enveloped my cock and drew me into it. I groaned loudly as Ashley's soft lips moved up and down over my shaft, rolling over the ridge to tease the large domed glans. A few times, her teeth scraped against me, causing me to jump, but each time she held her jaws open wider, and the overall sensation delighted me to my core. I closed my eyes and moaned softly to convey my enjoyment.
The sound of movement on the sofa and a sliding zipper gained my attention and I opened my eyes to see Kayla pulling her shorts off. These were quickly followed by her panties. When she resumed her seat, her hand immediately dropped between her legs to play with herself while she enjoyed the live action porno unfolding before her.
For several long minutes, Ashley sucked my cock in front of an audience comprised of her three best friends, the only sounds the wet noises from her mouth and Kayla's heavy breathing. Ashley dropped to her elbows when her arms began to tire, then eventually settled her entire weight on top of me.
The lower position brought her crotch to my face, and she ground her hips against me. Despite her stern warning, I kissed and then licked my way around her pussy. Based on the low moans and rocking hips she responded with, I gathered that she'd rethought her proscription against such forbidden acts.
Though my arms were bound, my feet remained free and I pulled my knees back to spread my legs. Ashley took advantage of the positional change and the new access it afforded to wrap her arm around my thigh and use her hands to stroke my shaft and massage my balls.
The combined stimulation of her mouth and hands soon had me approaching my climax. I moved my hips against her, gently sliding my cock in and out of her open mouth, and I thought to let her take me all the way to the finish, but this part of her fantasy entailed taking me only to the edge and no further, so I alerted her to my imminent orgasm.
"If you keep doing that for much longer, Mistress Ashley, I'm going to cum in your fucking mouth."
It took a couple seconds for her to respond, but when she did, her body stiffened. She rose back up onto her hands and knees and paused there for a moment.
"I'm, uh...I want to fuck you now, okay?" she asked, her tone uncertain.
"Yes, Mistress Ashley," I said softly, straightening my legs. When she didn't move, I prompted her. "Please allow me to guide your movements," I said, and she breathed a relieved sigh.
"Um, yes. Thank you, slave."
"Move forward until your knees are straddling my thighs," I told her. "That's a little too far. Come back a bit. That's good. Brace yourself on the floor between my legs and sit your weight down on top of me."
She did as instructed, dropping her ass down on my pelvis, trapping my cock against her pussy.
"Wait! It didn't go in, did it?" she asked, and I suppressed a chuckle.
"No, you're just sitting on it. It's pressed against your pussy, see?" I flexed my pelvic floor, causing my cock to surge against her. "I want you to slide your ass back and forth, okay? Just a little bit. You're going to drag your pussy over my cock. Just like that, nice and slow."
I lifted my head to watch her movements, and the view of her backside was breathtaking. Ashley's wide hips bunched against her tight bustier as she ground herself against me, and each time she slid forward, her glutes flexed, forming small dimples on her ass which then relaxed when she slid back. I wished my hands were free to touch her and guide her movements. The lack of control frustrated me, but it also excited me because I could only spectate while Ashley explored me and discovered how best to use my body to pleasure herself.
My cock soon found its way between Ashley's labia, and the head and shaft furrowed into her moistened slit. I listened to her breathing and the tenor of her moans and sensed that she was ready.
"It's time, Mistress," I said softly. "Get on your knees and reach back. You're going to guide my cock into your pussy. That's it. You're right there. When you're ready, set your weight back onto it. Just go slow. Nice and easy."
My cock head passed the threshold of her well and opened the passage leading to her vagina. Like Kayla, the sudden pressure alarmed her and she backed off.
"I-I don't know if I can do it," she stammered.
I dropped the roleplay. "You can. You just need to take it slow," I said, encouraging her. "Try again."
"O-okay."
She leaned back and set her weight on my cock and it stretched her pussy again. She hissed but kept going until she had the head mostly inside.
"Ow, it's hurting," she said, but then I felt her pussy abruptly relax and I slid in a little further. "Oh! Oh! You went in!" she cried.
"You're okay. Just relax and take me inside, okay?"
"Okay! Okay! I-it doesn't hurt as much anymore," she said breathlessly.
"Good. Nice and slow. That's it. Take me in."
I couldn't tell if I'd ruptured her hymen or if she had simply relaxed her vaginal muscles. I hadn't felt one when I'd fingered her the day before, and I wondered if she'd ever had much of one to begin with. As far as I knew, she didn't masturbate with a dildo like Kayla did, but perhaps she'd put other things inside her pussy before today.
Ashley gradually eased herself down my pole a couple inches, until her pussy touched her hand, then she let go to brace herself on the floor and started to move up and down.
"That's it. Fuck me, baby. Fuck me," I whispered, encouraging her.
Each downward movement brought me deeper and deeper into her pussy. She felt incredibly tight, but not nearly as tight as I'd expected, and I realized that her pussy really wasn't as small as I'd originally thought. It only appeared that way when compared to the rest of her overdeveloped lower body. After several more bounces, Ashley's large ass touched down on my pelvis.
"You did it! I'm all the way in," I reported, but Ashley wasted no time dwelling on her achievement. She continued riding me, her breathing elevated but not rushed. She seemed driven and focused, the way Kayla had been when she sucked my dick for the first time.
I wanted to say something to her, to ask if she felt okay, but I decided against it. She'd gotten herself into a zone, so I let her continue without interruption. Instead, I offered feedback in the form of moans and encouraging words.
"That feels really good, Ashley. Mm...fuck me, baby. That's it. Fuck me faster. Ride my cock. Oh god, your pussy feels so good."
My words had the intended effect. Ashley rocked her hips faster and dropped her ass onto me with a little more force. I tilted my head up and checked my cock for blood, but if it were there, I couldn't detect it in the dim light and shadow. The sight of her ass bobbing up and down on my cock, its girth stretching her pussy, sent a surge of desire coursing through my body.
"Your pussy looks so fucking amazing on my cock, baby. So fucking amazing."
"Quiet...!" she said, the word stressed as if uttered with great effort.
"Are you okay, Ashley?" I asked.
"Mm...Mm...Mistress...Ashley!"
She hadn't stopped roleplaying! I laid my head back and groaned. The friction of her pussy gliding up and down on my cock felt so wonderful, and I didn't want her to stop, but I also wanted her to complete her fantasy the way she'd envisioned it.
"Stop for a second, Mistress Ashley," I said, and she came to an abrupt stop.
"W-why? What's wrong?" she asked in a panic, and I remembered that one of the rules had been to stop if I asked.
"Nothing. Nothing's wrong, Mistress Ashley. I just want to know if you'd like to try another position. Something that might feel a little better for you?"
She looked at me over her shoulder. "What position?" she asked. Then, as if an afterthought, she added, "Slave."
"Try to get onto the balls of your feet, so that you're in a crouching position."
That was all the prompting she needed. She carefully balanced on her feet and resumed fucking me from a crouched position. Her soft vocalizations told me she enjoyed the change.
"Unh...that feels...so good!" she breathed. "Mm...it feels...deeper."
It did. The new position spread her cheeks and widened her stance, allowing my cock to penetrate deeper into her pussy. She bobbed her ass up and down quickly, causing her cheeks to rumble with every bounce. I moved my hips to meet her. At first, just an inch or so, but I couldn't restrain myself. Soon I had them thrusting upward, urging her to match my speed until she simply hovered over my cock while I hammered her pussy from below.
Ashley cried out as I fucked her, short rapid thrusts that caused her voice to tremble each time my pelvis crashed into her.
"Oh god, oh god, oh god," she intoned over and over again.
I pushed my cock into her and lifted her body up, then gently lowered her down. When my ass touched the floor, she resumed bouncing on top of me, fucking me as fast as she could.
The frustration of Erin's cock teasing handjob earlier, combined with the incredible friction of her daughter's tight, young pussy, soon had my climax on the rise again.
"I'm going to cum Ash...Mistress Ashley! I'm going to cum!"
I said it urgently, even though I still had a little ways to go. With my hands tied, I wouldn't be able to easily withdraw from her if I needed to, so I wanted to give her time to react. She looked back at me, then lifted her eyes when Kayla squeaked.
"Mm!" Kayla tried to hold in her orgasm as quietly as she could but exhaled a loud gasp at the very end.
"I'm going to cum soon, Mistress Ashley," I said again, regaining her attention. "Your pussy feels too fucking good."
"I...I want you to cum," she said. "Do you want me to suck you off?"
The question alone accelerated my imminent climax, and I hurried to answer her.
"No! I want you to cum first," I said, forgetting to properly address her, but she didn't seem to mind.
"But I don't think I'm that close yet," she said, sounding disappointed.
"That's okay! That's okay! Just slow down. Slow down. That's it. Ah, okay. Good. Just sit on my cock. Oh, wow, that's nice. Mm, okay, just move around a little. Flex your pussy around my cock. Does that feel good?"
"Mm, yeah...that's really nice," she said.
I gathered myself and fought back my climax. Although no longer on a hair trigger, I knew I wouldn't last much longer, and definitely wouldn't outlast Ashley on my own. She would need to bring herself most of the way.
"Reach down and play with your pussy, Mistress Ashley. Play with your pussy. Rub your clit while my cock's inside you. That's it. I want you to get off, okay? If you can. Just use my cock and your fingers together."
She still had her feet on the floor, so I slid my legs back to draw up my knees until the tops of my thighs touched the backs of hers.
"Lay back on my chest," I told her. "All the way back."
She laid back until her head rested on my shoulder. I moved my hips and put my lips to her ear.
"I'm going to fuck you just like this, okay? Play with your pussy while I fuck you, Mistress. Oh god, you feel so good, do you know that? Your tight little pussy feels so fucking good on my big fucking cock."
Ashley closed her eyes and let out a long sigh. Her fingers moved swiftly and purposefully over her clit. I didn't fuck her hard or fast, just a slow, lazy fuck to stimulate her vagina while she took care of her clit. The combination proved effective because, in no time at all, her breathing accelerated and became punctuated by soft, throaty moans.
"How are you feeling?" I asked her.
She turned her head and brushed her lips against mine. "Call me Mistress," she said quietly.
"How are you feeling, Mistress?"
"I don't want to stop," she whispered. "I just want to keep fucking you."
"I know, Mistress. I know. I love the way you feel right now. The way your pussy feels on my cock. I want you to cum for me now, okay? Tell me what I can do to help you cum."
"I don't want to cum," she said, though her hand never stopped moving. "I don't want it to be over yet." She wore a pained expression on her face, both from the intense stimulation of her pussy and her desire to never stop.
"We're just getting started, Mistress. We're going to fuck again. And then we're going to fuck again after that. And I'm going to keep fucking you over and over. I don't ever want to stop fucking you. But I need you to cum now. Cum for me, Mistress. I want to feel you cum all over my big cock."
Ashley whimpered and cried out softly. Her orgasm was imminent. I wasn't sure I would make it. I stopped moving my hips and just left my cock inside of her while she brought herself over. She lifted her head and flexed her diaphragm and I felt her pussy squeeze around my cock as her climax finally arrived.
"Oh god!" she cried softly, followed by a large exhalation of air.
I nuzzled her cheek and kissed the side of her face and she turned her head to kiss me back. I resumed fucking her, eager to finally release the pent up frustration that had been building all morning.
"I'm going to cum, Mistress. I can't hold it back much longer. Where do you want me to cum?"
Ashley's eyes opened wider when she realized what I'd asked. "Where do you want to cum?" she asked.
"I want you to tell me, Mistress. I'm your slave. You control me. Tell me where you want me to cum, and I'll cum for you there."
"Do you want to cum in my mouth?" she asked, and I breathed out deeply, trying to cover my annoyance.
"Command me, Mistress!"
"Right!" she said excitedly, then repeated it more confidently. "Right." She sat up and rolled off my stomach, extracting my cock from her pussy. Kneeling at my side, she said, "I will suck your cock and you will cum in my mouth, slave. Do you understand?"
"Oh god, yes, Mistress."
Ashley gripped my cock and leaned over my hip to take me into her mouth. It took only a few seconds before I came, and the ejaculation was so powerful, it almost hurt. Warm, sticky semen flew into her open mouth in several agonizing spurts until, at last, I was completely spent. Ashley milked my shaft, the way she had seen the others do, to coax out the last few drops of my cum. Then she lifted her head and quickly swallowed it down.
With my cock still in her hand, she turned to face me and made a loud slurping sound.
"Yum!" she said, with a huge grin on her face, before doubling over in fits of uncontrollable laughter.
Chapter 25 - Riding Brittney
When I'd been liberated from bondage, I went immediately to the kitchen to chug water and make a snack of leftover Lucky Lucy's while the girls huddled on the sofa to discuss the play by play like a team of ESPN analysts rehashing a football game. My shoulders and upper back ached, and I realized I must have been flexing and pulling nearly the entire time. I rotated my arms to work out the kinks, but knew I'd be sore the next morning.
When I returned, they were deep into a discussion about costume ideas.
"You should totally dress up as Lady Dimitrescu!" Kayla said to Brittney, who made a sour face at the suggestion.
"Her boobs are way bigger than mine," she said, shaking her head.
"You could totally pull it off," Ashley countered. "You could wear a corset and I would totally make that dress for you but, like, make it way sexy!"
"What are you all talking about?" I asked, dropping onto the chaise beside them.
"Don't you think Brit could totally pull off a convincing Alcina Dimitrescu?" Ashley asked, excitedly.
"Who's that?" I asked. "Sounds like the wife of a Serbian dictator."
Courtney made a face. "What century were you born in, dude?"
"Not this one."
The conversation continued without me. Besides costuming ideas, they also discussed the activity itself in excruciating detail, comparing it to Kayla's recounting of her time with me the previous night, all of which I thought would be arousing, but turned out to be almost clinical in its presentation. It made me happy, though, that they could all learn from Ashley and Kayla's first times. It would give Brittney and Courtney more confidence and help to alleviate some of their anxiety when their turns came.
After a while, Kayla broke away from the group to sit next to me, still naked from the waist down.
"What's up, baby girl?" I asked.
She tugged on one of her pigtails. "Is it okay if I use your laptop?" she asked.
"Knock yourself out," I said.
She flipped on the TV, and the porn site still showed the last video we'd watched. Kayla began browsing videos, and Courtney got up to join her. The two girls set to adding several dozen videos to a playlist, a gangbang being the first to play.
The actress in the scene proved to be quite limber and extremely vigorous in her attempts to take on a half dozen well hung men all by herself, with predictable results. By the end, her face resembled a Krispy Kream donut.
As videos continued to roll, the girls became more and more distracted by the on screen happenings. The playlist included an odd mix of gangbang and BDSM, intermixed with more erotic couplings, often between same sex actors and actresses.
Kayla's hand frequently dropped to her pussy during particularly hot anal scenes, but only for a few quick rubs now and again, as if to amplify the visual stimulation, forgetting about it to rejoin her friends in conversation, only to start again later.
Ashley still wore her Drow ranger woodland costume getup but seemed less interested in porn than discussing the real sex she'd just had. When her friends became too distracted to hold a conversation with her, she finally accepted defeat and settled in to watch with the others.
Brittney and Courtney each split their attention between the television and me, and it became obvious they were monitoring my recovery. A short movie played next, and when a particularly spirited scene between three stepdaughters, their stepdad, and his two buddies concluded, Courtney determined that my rest period had come to an end.
"Whew, that was pretty hot," she said, directly to me. "My pussy got totally wet."
Brittney gave her a scornful look and pushed on her arm. "Ew, did youreallyjust say that?"
"It's alright," I said to Brittney. "We're literally here to have sex. Your pussy's allowed to get wet. It certainly makes my job a whole lot easier." To Courtney, I asked, "So, you really liked that, huh?"
"Mm, sure. Hot older guys with big dicks fucking younger girls half their age? What's not to like?" she asked with a knowing smile.
I knew exactly what she was doing, but I liked it. "Yeah, pretty fucking hot," I agreed. "What part did you like best?"
Put on the spot, she tried to recall a specific scene. "I liked in the beginning, when they were all sneaking around, giving their dad's friends blowjobs and having sex behind his back," she said.
"Why?"
"I don't know," she said, struggling to articulate what she liked about it. "Maybe because they were doing something wrong, you know? Like they weren't supposed to be doing it, but they wanted it so bad, so they did it anyway? Does that make sense?"
"Are you talking about the girls or the guys?" I wondered.
She thought about it a second. "I was talking about the girls, but I guess it totally applies to the guys too, right? Like, they're getting their dicks sucked by their friend's daughters, and totally banging them, all while his back is turned. Kind of fucked up, but in a totally hot way."
"Oh yeah, I totally agree," I said.
I wondered how much of that she actually believed and how much of it she thought I wanted to hear. I also wondered how much I'd care if it turned out to be more of the latter than the former. I liked Courtney a lot, and she clearly had a fondness for me, so it made sense we'd express interest in anything that excited the other. Besides, I would never openly challenge her on it, since that would serve no purpose other than to antagonize her, but it would be easy enough to test if she really thrilled at the notion of sucking a dick out in public.
"What about you, Brittney?" I asked, and she reddened.
"What about me?"
"Anything about that turn you on? Or anything else we've watched?"
She avoided looking at me and appeared deeply embarrassed by the attention I'd thrust upon her. "I don't know," she said quietly.
"You don't know if something turned you on or not?" I asked. Perhaps a bit harsh, but I really wanted her to overcome her inhibitions, and of the four girls, she was still by far the most reserved.
"No," she said, then realized her mistake. "I mean, yes."
"Okay, then. Of everything we've watched so far, what's turned you on the most?"
She lowered her eyes and hunched her shoulders in that particular way that absolutely irritated me and shrugged.
"I get off on the anal scenes," Kayla volunteered, much to my surprise, and her friends turned to gawk at her.
"Really?" Ashley asked, surprised.
I could tell Kayla's confession had been spontaneous and calculated to embolden Brittney, because when she saw the looks on her friend's faces, she immediately backpedaled and tried to laugh it off.
"Anal sex is one of my favorite things too," I said, backing her up, and they all shifted their attention back to me.
Courtney moved her eyes between us, and her mouth formed a shocked o-shape as she made the obvious connection. "Oh shit! You guys did it in the butt, didn't you?" she asked bluntly, and Kayla looked like she wanted to melt into the couch.
"Don't know how many times I have to tell you this, Courtney, but that's none of your business," I said, but Kayla's reaction might as well have been a flashing neon sign.
"You did, didn't you?" Courtney pressed. "That's what you didn't tell us at brunch."
"Courtney!" I yelled, and she whipped her head around.
"What?" she snapped back.
"What the fuck is wrong with you?" I asked, raising my voice, and she backed down.
"Fuck, man. I'm just asking," she said lamely.
I stood up. "We agreed this would be a no judgment, no shaming sanctuary, didn't we?" I bore down on her with my glare. "Didn't we?" I asked again more forcefully when she didn't answer the first time.
She looked away and said, "Yeah," and I detected enough contrition to be satisfied she really did understand. I softened my expression.
"Sex is sex, guys, and if it feels good, and everyone's consenting, then there's nothing wrong with it. I know tons of women who love anal sex, even prefer it to vaginal. I know some women who can only have an orgasm from anal. I mean, Jesus fucking Christ, there's an entire sexual orientation that's practically perfected the art of anal sex."
Kayla glared at Courtney. "Yes, I asked him to put his cock in my ass," she confessed defiantly, "and I loved it, okay? Is that alright with you,Courtney?"
Courtney reacted to her name being spoken as a curse word with a sheepish shrug. "Yeah, cool. Whatever, Kiki. Good for you...I guess."
I sat back down. Brittney had watched the exchange like a tennis match, moving her eyes back and forth between the participants, and I'd temporarily forgotten the question to her which had sparked it, but she had not.
"I like it when the girl is tied up," she said quietly, and I turned to face her.
"Yeah? I like that too. What doyoulike about it?" I asked, silently praying that Courtney had learned her lesson and would keep her mouth shut this time which, thankfully, she did.
Brittney looked around and, sensing a more progressive audience, opened up a little. "I'm not sure. Maybe the way they just get...used?" She'd intonated it as a question, not a comment, and looked around to see how the others would react, but everyone held their tongues.
"By the way, if you guys agree with her, feel free to say so," I said, hoping to spur a more affirming dialogue, but no one took the bait. To Brittney, I said, "I love being tied up too sometimes, and the way a woman uses me to get herself off, it really excites me."
"Really?" she asked, as if I'd said something she desperately wanted to believe.
"Really. And I love it the other way around too. Controlling a woman, fucking her hard, pulling her hair, spanking her, choking her, calling her names. Some women really love to be used and degraded like that, you know? To varying degrees, of course, but I'm always happy to accommodate that. If they want it."
All four of them shifted in their seats as I spoke, and Brittney's face and chest grew increasingly flushed with every word.
"Is that something you'd like to try?" I asked, and Brittney's eyes bounced off Courtney before settling back on me.
"I don't know," she said, but I suspected she did know.
I moved to sit next to her and she stared at me with large emerald eyes, looking decidedly nervous. Moving slowly, I placed my hand on the side of her face, and she flashed a weak smile when I slipped it around to the back of her head, combing my fingers through her hair. Then I gripped a fistful and squeezed, not too hard but enough that she flinched.
"Do you like it when I pull your hair like this?" I asked.
Brittney swallowed hard and said, "Yeah," in a shuddering voice.
I put my other hand on her thigh, just beneath the cuff of her shorts, and slid between her legs. Her breath caught in her throat when I gripped the inside of her thigh near her crotch and squeezed.
"And do you like it when I grab you like this?"
"Y-yes," she hissed softly.
I leaned in to put my lips next to her ear. "Do you have your tampon in?" I asked, and she nodded. "Well, what are you waiting for? Go take it out so I can fuck you."
I pulled my head back and she looked at me and started to rise, but I held her and whispered, "You better not have any fucking clothes on when you come out of there. Do you understand?"
"Yes."
"Good. Get your ass moving."
I released her and, after another moment's hesitation to make sure I'd been serious, hurried off to the bathroom. I stood, my cock hard as a rock, and paced a little, taking deep breaths through my nose, preparing myself. I turned to the other three girls.
"Listen," I said to them, keeping my voice low, "You're going to see some things that might disturb you, okay? You might hear me say things that sound harsh, and Brittney might even scream and cry, but I promise you I'm not going to hurt her. Whatever happens, please just remain quiet and don't try to interfere. You'll just end up spoiling it for her and she's going to be mad at you for it."
"Dude, what the fuck are you planning to do to her?" Courtney asked, drawing her feet up underneath her legs, as if to protect herself.
"I'm serious, Courtney. If things get too disturbing for you, just leave, okay? Also, there's probably going to be a lot of blood."
"Blood? Why would there be blood?" Ashley asked alarmed, but I held up my hand.
"Period blood. She's on her period. If her flow is heavy, you're definitely going to see it. Don't worry, though, it's painless. It's just messy. Listen, bottom line: if it gets too intense for you, just leave, okay?"
They stared at me, their fragile trust in me stretched to its absolute limit, but one by one they agreed.
I straightened my back and held my arms to my side, closing and opening my fists, breathing heavily. Something primal surged within me. I caught Kayla's attention.
"You ready to watch me fuck your friend, baby girl?"
Her lips parted and she nodded.
"Good," I said in a low voice, shifting my gaze to the bathroom door. "Because I'm going to fuck the shit out of her."
When Brittney emerged from the bathroom, timid and uncertain, I gave her no time to think. I pointed to a spot in front of me.
"Get over here."
I said it neither harshly nor menacingly, but calmly and in a low, authoritative voice. One that told her compliance was mandatory. She moved quickly to the spot and, once again, I was struck by her long limbs and naked form and the impressive frame upon which they hanged. She looked like a Gaelic Amazonian.
As she arrived, I stepped forward, closing the distance quickly. I put my hand on her face and leaned in close, pressing my body against hers to stand cheek the cheek.
"Are you ready for this?" I asked in a soft whisper only she could hear, and she nodded slowly. "Say, 'Yes, I'm ready.'"
"Yes, I'm ready," she said, trembling with fear and anticipation.
"I want you to listen very closely. If anything I do scares you or hurts you or just makes you uncomfortable, say, 'Too much' and I'll back off, okay? I won't stop, but I'll back off. What are you going to say?"
Brittney's trembling intensified and she stuttered out, "T-too much."
"That's right. If you don't like something I'm doing and you don't want me to do it again, say, 'Stop' and I'll stop doing it and won't do it again. What'll you say?"
"S-s-stop," she managed to get out, and it sounded almost like a cry.
"Good. Last thing. If you don't want to keep going, if you want it to end completely, say, 'I'm done' and we'll stop whatever we're doing immediately. Repeat it."
"I-I'm d-done," she whispered.
"Perfect. Too much, stop, I'm done. Got it? Good. Spread your feet apart. Do it now."
When she did, I reached for her pussy and sank my finger into her vagina. She let out a shocked cry, but I shooshed her and withdrew it, holding it up for her to see. A light coating of ochre menstrual blood covered it to the second knuckle. I brushed it over her bottom lip, and her diaphragm fluttered and she whimpered through her nose as I leaned in to kiss her. I used my tongue to lick the blood from her lip and then pulled my head back to look at her.
Brittney trembled so violently she could barely keep herself under control as stress hormones flooded her blood stream, cranking up her fight, flight, or fuck response to eleven.
"Get on your knees," I said.
She nearly collapsed as she went to the ground and ended up on her hip, but she collected herself and rose to her knees, settling on her haunches. My cock pointed straight at her face and she reached for it.
"Did I tell you to touch my cock?" I asked, and she froze with her hand held out in front of her. "Put your hand down. You don't move, you don't talk, you don't do a goddammed thing unless I tell you to do it. Understand?"
She dropped her hand into her lap and nodded, avoiding my gaze.
"Untie your ponytail."
Brittney looked at me to ascertain if she'd heard me correctly, then reached back and removed the two hair ties holding her ponytail in place. Her long, curly red hair spread across her entire back and she used her fingers to tease it out and give it some volume and lift. Her appearance instantly improved.
"I like your hair better this way. You look fucking sexy as hell. I want you to wear it like this whenever we're in this room. Understood?"
"Yes."
"Good." I reached out with both hands to run my fingers over her temples and over the top of her head, gathering up a large volume of her hair, then gripped it in my fist until I had her head firmly under my control. "Open your mouth."
She did, and I stuck my cock inside. Brittney closed her lips around it and started to move her head and lift her hand to grab it.
"Did I tell you to move?" I asked, and she stopped moving and lowered her hand again. "You don't listen so well, do you?" I asked, and when she didn't respond, I added, "That was a question."
She considered how to respond with my cock in her mouth and opted to shake her head a little bit.
"No, you don't, so I'll repeat myself and hopefully you get it this time. You don't move, you don't talk, you don't do afuckingthing unless I say. Think you can remember that?"
A small nod.
"Good. Now listen up, my little cocksucking whore, I'm going to fuck your mouth and theonlything I need you to do is make sure those cute little cocksucking lips of yours never leave my dick. Think you can handle that?"
Another small nod and a thin line of drool.
"Excellent," I said, and then proceeded to fuck Brittney's mouth.
My control over her intoxicated me, and I reminded myself that she was still a virgin, wholly inexperienced and highly suggestable. I would need to proceed with caution. The last thing I wanted to do was traumatize her during her first time and leave her with a scarring memory. But I also wanted to open her up and challenge her while making it enjoyable for her at the same time, so I took it slow, applying firm authority over her rather than raw brutality.
For her part, Brittney's uncontrollable trembling eased considerably as I moved my cock in and out of her wet mouth. She looked up at me and I thought I detected the hint of a smile lifting her cheeks. Good. So far, she had seemed eager to accept a small measure of domination. I decided to test her willingness to accept a little degradation too.
I pulled my cock out of her mouth and took it in my hand. Holding her chin, I dragged the broad head over her ruby red lips, then used it to lightly slap her cheeks.
"You really love sucking cock, don't you?" I asked her, rubbing it over her face. Damn, I'd done it again. Old habits. Whatever. She nodded anyway. "I want to hear you say it. Tell me how much you love sucking my big cock."
"I love it so much," she said quietly, her eyes locked to mine.
"Say, 'I love sucking your big cock.'"
"I love sucking your big cock."
"Yeah, you do, don't you. Probably as much as I love eating your little pussy, hmm? Are you my cocksucking little whore?"
She hesitated a beat but nodded when I rolled my cock over her lips again.
"Say, 'I'm your cocksucking little whore.'"
Her eyes moved to where her friends sat, and she wavered, too self-conscious and embarrassed to say something so degrading in front of them.
"What's the matter?" I asked, and she moved her eyes back to mine. "Are you too chickenshit to admit it? Don't look at them, look at me. Fuck those bitches and fuck what they think. Be honest. Surrender to yourself, Brittney. You love sucking my cock, don't you?"
She nodded vigorously.
"And you want me to stick it back in your mouth and fuck you with it, don't you?"
Her eyebrows moved apart and she nodded again.
"Then stop hesitating. Just fucking say it. Say, 'I'm your cocksucking little whore' and I'll do it. I'll put my big cock back inside your mouth and fuck you with it."
"I'm your cocksucking little whore," she whispered, and I put my cock back inside her mouth and fucked her with it.
Brittney made desperate little noises as my cock slid in and out of her mouth, whines and mewls that drove me wild. She hungered for it and surrendered herself to my control. I found it difficult to restrain myself, to not go too fast or push too deep, to stay mindful that this wasn't about me. This was about Brittney and helping her to explore the boundaries of her desires. Despite the rational understanding of my responsibility, however, I couldn't help but test her limits even more.
"Oh, fuck yes," I muttered under my breath. "That feels so good. Mm, yeah, suck that fat cock you little whore." The degrading words drew her eyebrows apart and she whined again. I pulled out of her mouth and lifted her up by her hair. "Stand up."
She rose to her feet, and it felt strange to have to lift my eyes to look at her. I grabbed her throat, not squeezing, just holding it, and stepped closer. My cock slid between her thighs and the head pressed against the bottom of her pussy. Her mouth came open and I put my lips to hers and kissed her.
Brittney snaked her hand around my waist to grab my ass and pull me toward her, moving her hips against me and urging me to do the same. I pulled my lips away and she stopped.
"Did I tell you to move?"
She shook her head. "N-no," she said quietly and dropped her hand back to her side. "I-I'm s-sorry. I'm just so nervous and I want you s-so bad."
I favored her with an understanding smile and slid my hand around her waist to pull her against me. The movement caused her to bounce off me and my cock head to drag against her pussy. Her mouth opened and I felt her breath catch in her throat.
"I know, but you need to do what I tell you to do. Do you understand?" I asked as I pulled her toward me again.
"Yes."
I pushed on her back repeatedly, her belly bouncing softly against mine as my cock teased her pussy.
"I'm going to use you, Brittney. I'm going to use your holes to get myself off. You're going to suck my cock and I'm going to fuck your pussy and I'm not going to be gentle, okay? I'm going to fuck you hard and fast. I'm going to pound your little pussy with my big cock until you scream and beg me to stop, and then I'm going to fuck you some more."
"Oh god," she breathed as the speed and friction of my cock rubbing against her pussy increased.
"Do you want me to fuck you, Brittney?"
"Yes," she cried, nearly sobbing the word.
"Tell me you want me to fuck you."
"I do. I want you to fuck me."
"I don't want you to hold anything back. This is your chance. If I do something you like, something that feels good, I want you to tell me and ask for more. If you want me to do something to you, ask for it, beg me for it, and I'll do it. I'll fuck you any way you want, but you have to ask me for it. I'll make you feel so fucking good Brittney, but you have to give yourself to me. Can you do that? Can you be my little slut?"
Her urgent response flowed out of her in a stream of words. "Yes! God, yes. I won't hold back. I swear I won't hold back. I'll do it. I'll be your slut."
"Then get down on your hands and knees and show me your pussy so I can fuck you like the little slut bitch you are."
Brittney moved quickly, going to the ground and turning her backside to face me. Her long red hair spilled over her back and reached to the floor. I stared at her tiny pink asshole and the pink pussy beneath it. Her lips were swollen, engorged and opened, ready to receive me. I lowered myself behind her and lined up my cock, dragging the large head between her plump labia and the slick channel between them. She was thoroughly aroused, her secretions mixing with her menstrual blood to form a rouge lubricant that seeped out of her and coated my glans. I steadied myself with a calming breath.
Careful. Do not fuck this up. Take it slow.
I gripped her hip and pressed my cock against her pussy, and gently coaxed her back. "Take me inside, Brittney. Push back and take my cock into your pussy."
She didn't hesitate. She pushed against me and I watched her open to accept my girth. Slowly, the domed tip of my cock disappeared inside of her until the walls of her vagina closed in around it and the pressure increased. She was incredibly tight, but not quite as tight as Kayla or Ashley had been. Eager for me to be inside of her, I had to hold her back to slow her advance. Very gradually, my cock slid into the warm, slick envelope of her pussy.
"Nice and slow. Relax your pussy, okay? You're doing great. Let my cock open you up. Oh, fuck..."
Although incredibly slow to happen, Brittney took my entire length in a single try without stopping and the sensation was excruciatingly satisfying. When her soft ass pressed against my pelvis, I held her still against me.
"I'm in. I'm all the way inside you. How do you feel?" I asked, stroking her back. She trembled, small shivers that coursed through her body.
"I can feel you inside me," she said, her words choked. "It's..." She trailed off, unable to find the words to express how she felt. Then she sniffled, and I realized she was crying.
"Am I hurting you?"
"No," she said quickly, and sniffled again, trying to collect herself. "No, it feels...wonderful. I'm s-sorry. I know I shouldn't be crying right now, but I can't help it."
Thank god. I took another deep breath. "It's okay. Don't be sorry. Just try to relax. Feel me inside you."
After a few moments, she sniffled one last time and lifted her head.
"Are you ready?" I asked.
"Y-yes."
"Good. I want you to start fucking me. I'll guide you, but I want you to rock back and forth on your knees."
Brittney moved forward, and my cock withdrew from her pussy in a scene of horrific gore. Bright red blood coated my cock. Ashley gasped and covered her mouth, but I shot her a look and shook my head adamantly. No! Then, just as quickly as I'd been unsheathed, Brittney came back to take me inside.
"That's it. Just like that. Keep fucking me. Tell me how it feels."
"It feels...," and then she sobbed again.
I closed my eyes and cursed silently. Yes, I wanted her to explore her feelings and allow the moment to wash over her and overwhelm her emotions, but I couldn't help how that made me feel. I deeply regretted that I would be her first. She should have been with someone who loved her and cared for her as much as she did for them. Someone who would look into her eyes as they shared that first life-changing moment together. Instead, I'd told her to bend over in front of me so I could fuck her like an animal, and I wasn't sure if I could feel worse about myself.
You're not her boyfriend. She asked you for this, so don't fuck it up for her.
I shook my head to clear the negative thoughts. To stop now would only humiliate her. For better or worse, Iwasher first, and if I couldn't be the gentle love of her life who would cuddle with her long after they'd consummated their relationship, I could at least give her an experience of carnal savagery that she'd remember for the rest of her life.
I moved against her, thrusting to meet her. She let out a sharp breath and again each time I bumped into her ass. I'd seen the ferocity on her face earlier when she'd stood hulking over Courtney, and I knew an inner strength far greater than anything she'd allowed herself to contemplate dwelled within her. A beast waiting to be unleashed.
"Are you ready to get fucked, baby?" I asked as I rhythmically drove myself into her. She responded by lowering her head and moving her hands forward to brace herself. "Let me hear you."
"Yes," she said quietly.
"I need to hear more from you. Tell me what you want."
"I want you to fuck me."
"Tell me to fuck your pussy, Brittney."
"Fuck my pussy," she gasped between thrusts.
"Louder."
"Fuck my pussy!"
"Don't stop, Brittney. Keep saying it! Louder!"
"Fuck my pussy! Fuck it! Fuck my pussy!" she yelled.
And I did. I tightened my grip and dug my fingers into her soft hips and I threw myself against her, fucking her pussy as hard and as fast as I dared. Her body shook with every thrust, the sound of my pelvis crashing against her ass a loud clap, and her repeated commands to fuck her pussy transformed into a long, keening cry.
"Fuuuck! Oh, god...!"
The area between our pelvises grew increasingly gruesome as her menstruation painted our pubic areas red. Yet, despite the visual horror show happening below, the sensation of my cock sliding inside of her felt extraordinary. Her warm pussy was slick and I glided effortlessly inside of her. The sensitive ridge of my cock head sliding against her tight vaginal walls elicited a tingling sensation which coursed through my cock like an electric charge. I wanted more.
"You like that, huh? You like getting fucked by a big dick?"
Brittney cried out, unable to form a coherent response, the only words I could make out being 'oh' and 'god' and 'fuck' in randomly arranged orders and frequency. After a while, she lowered herself down onto her elbows and then stretched out her arms to brace against the sectional and wailed loudly.
As Brittney screamed and sobbed and hyperventilated into the carpet from the brutal pounding of her pussy, Ashley covered her mouth with both hands, a horrified look in her eyes. She shook her head and stood, but Kayla grabbed her arm and pulled her back onto the couch, then leaned over to whisper something in her ear. Ashley teared up and nodded, but her hands never left her mouth.
I could only imagine how it looked to them. A stranger walking in at that moment would assume a brutal assault was in the midst. The ring of blood had spread to our thighs, creating a gruesome Rorschach pattern who's interpretation evinced a twisted mind of nefarious purpose. I needed to alleviate Ashley's concerns. I reached over Brittney's back and gathered up her hair, forming it into a titian bridle that I used to pull her back onto her hands.
"You want me to stop?" I asked when her head came back. "If you tell me to stop, I'll stop."
"No!" she cried. "Please, don't stop! Don't stop!"
"You want me to keep fucking you?"
"Yes!" she screamed.
"Tell me you want more."
"I want more! I want more!"
"Tell me to fuck you harder."
"Fuck me harder!"
"You love getting fucked, don't you, you little slut?"
"I do! I love it! I love it so much!"
From the periphery of my vision, I watched Ashley drop her hands from her mouth. She'd heard it straight from her friend's lips. She loved it and wanted more.
I glanced down at Brittney's ample rump and the small winking hole just above my cock. Like the rest of her, Brittney's asshole was perfectly shaped, pink and pristine, and I wanted to know it's tightness. I eased back to slow my pace and stuck my thumb in my mouth to coat it with saliva. When I pushed it into her ass a little too abruptly, she hunched her back and yelped.
"Too much!"
But I already had it inside, so I quickly reversed to pull it out.
"No...wait. It's good," she gasped. "Put it back."
"You sure?"
She hesitated before answering. "Yeah."
"I'm not going to do it unless you want me to."
"I want it."
"Tell me to do it. Tell me what you want."
"Do it...put your finger back...back in my ass," she said.
I pushed the tip inside and held it there to see if she'd change her mind.
"No wait!" she said suddenly, and I pulled it back out. "The vibrator."
I looked over my shoulder at the girls on the couch. Courtney and Ashley sat stock still, huddled together completely enthralled by the show, watching with a mix of horror and fascination, while Kayla laid back with her legs open, rubbing her pussy. I snapped my fingers to get Courtney's attention.
"Hey, vibrator. Now!" I hissed.
I held out my hand and wiggled my fingers impatiently as she hunted for it, discovering it on the side table by the lamp. She twisted the base to turn it on for me and put it in my hand. The small device buzzed menacingly, like a giant blue hornet, and I brought it to Brittney's asshole.
Like a jolt from a cattle prod, she yelped and jumped when the vibrator contacted her anus, but she quickly settled and then whined urgently as the tip of the device slid into her rectum. High frequency vibrations radiated outward from her asshole, stimulating everything in the area, including the top of my cock.
With the vibrator in place, I had to be careful not to let it fall into her ass. I held it in a vice-like grip until I thought I might crack the plastic. Then I yanked Brittney's hair back and resumed fucking her. The dual stimulation of her pussy and asshole set her erogenous zones ablaze, provoking a string of strained grunts and vulgar utterances that sent a lascivious thrill coursing through me.
"Oh god! Oh god! Fuck me! Oh god, fuck me! Fuck me harder!"
"Are you my little slut?"
"Yeah...!" she whined.
"My little slut who loves getting fucked, huh?"
"Oh god, I do! I love it!"
"Tell me you love getting fucked."
"I love getting fucked!"
"Tell me to fuck your pussy."
"Yeah! Fuck it! Fuck my pussy! Fuck it hard!"
"You want me to fuck you harder?"
"Yes! Harder! Fuck me harder!"
If it were any of the other girls, I wouldn't have, but Brittney wasn't exactly like them. There was nothing delicate about her, at least on the outside. She had the size and musculature to absorb more abuse, so I granted her wish and bashed myself against her smooth, round ass.
Brittney shrieked at the ferocity of my assault, her impassioned screams echoing in the cavernous room as my cock thrusted repeatedly into her tight, wet pussy and the vibrator hummed in her ass.
"Oh god! Oh god!" she cried.
The feeling of fucking her so recklessly, to be so unleashed, exhilarated me and fueled my passions. I let go of her hair and hauled back to smack her ass and she screamed. When I smacked her again, she cried out.
"Too much!"
I smacked her again, but far less forcefully, and she didn't protest, so I spanked her ass repeatedly until her porcelain cheek turned bright red, then switched hands to maintain my grip on the vibrator and spanked her other cheek until it matched the first.
"Are you my little slut? Answer me, Brittney. Are you my little slut?"
"Yes! Yes I am!"
"Say you're my little slut."
"Iamyour little slut!"
"Fuck is right, you're my little slut. My little slut bitch who loves getting fucked, isn't that right?"
"Oh god, yes!"
"Are you ready to cum for me?" I asked, but she didn't respond, so I repeated the question.
"I want to! I want to cum!"
Damn. I'd hoped my cock and the vibrator would be enough, but apparently she needed clitoral stimulation to trigger her orgasm, which I couldn't hit from behind. I had flashbacks to eating her out the other day and her stubborn refusal to cum. For a moment, I considered turning her over and fucking her face to face, but I didn't want her to be disturbed by the sight of so much blood. She'd have to rub her own clit, which she wouldn't be able to do if I fucked her so hard.
I grabbed another handful of her hair and pulled her against me to hold her still. My heart raced and we both panted heavily, struggling to catch our breath. Sweat dripped from my forehead and stung my eyes.
"Why did you stop?" she asked breathlessly. "Did you cum?"
"No." I pulled the vibrator from her ass and held it out to her over her shoulder. When she took it, I said, "Use it on your clit."
Brittney reached underneath herself and pressed the blue device against her clit. Her voice shuddered.
"Oh-oh-oh my g-god."
"I want you to fuck me now, Brittney. Fuck my cock with your little slut pussy."
She didn't move, uncertain of what I wanted from her. I put my hand on her ass and pushed her forward a little, then reeled her back in by her hair. She got the message and began rocking back and forth on her knees to fuck herself with my cock.
"That's it. Just like that. Fuck me," I said. I put my thumb against her asshole and slowly pushed it inside to a low, throaty moan. "Yeah, there you go. Right in your ass, baby. Come on, give me that wet little pussy of yours. Fuck me faster, Brittney. Faster."
She went as fast as she could, throwing herself back at me again and again.
"How do you feel, baby? Tell me how it feels."
"It feels so good! Oh god, it feels so good!"
I couldn't disagree. Her pussy felt wonderful and I sensed the first inklings of my own climax building within me. She needed to get herself off quickly.
"God, you are such a sexy little bitch, you know that? I love fucking you, Brittney."
"I love fucking you too," she cried, but I sensed she'd meant something else by it.
"I need you to cum for me now, Brittney. Cum for me, baby."
She fucked me and stimulated her clit, but she still couldn't cum, and I began to wonder if I'd have to go down on her to make it happen. Maybe a different angle would work, I wondered? I pulled my thumb from her ass.
"Get up on your knees. All the way up."
As Brittney rose up, I leaned back on my haunches so that she sat in my lap. I lifted her a little with my hips and she started bouncing up and down on my cock with her hand still between her legs. I reached around and took hold of her breasts, squeezing them softly, and whispered in her ear.
"Look at these perfect fucking tits. You are so goddammed sexy, you know that? Oh god, you feel so good, Brittney. I want you so bad. I love the way your pussy feels on my big cock right now while you're fucking me. I love fucking your pussy so much, baby. I can't get enough of you."
Brittney reached her arm back and hooked it around my neck as I encouraged her to cum. Her breathing accelerated and the sounds of her passions became more frequent and higher pitched. I pinched her nipples and tugged on them.
"That's it, baby. Cum all over my cock. Cum for me, Brittney. I want it so bad. I want you to cum for me. Cum for me, Brittney. Cum for me now."
She shrieked loudly, but cut it off when she took a deep, heaving breath. Her pussy flexed and constricted around my cock, and I felt a flush of warmth and a sudden increase in lubrication.
"Mm, good girl. Cum all over my cock, baby. Just like that," I breathed in her ear, and she whimpered softly.
"Oh, god..."
"Bend over now. I'm going to fuck your pussy some more."
I pushed her back down onto her hands and fucked her hard and fast, but it didn't last long. My climax came in less than a minute. I pulled out of her and blasted my cum over her ass and back.
"Oh, fuck."
Brittney collapsed face first into the carpet and I quickly got up to wash her blood off me in the bathroom sink. So much had dried, it wouldn't all come off, but I managed to get the bulk of it with a hand towel.
When I returned, she still laid on the floor, sprawled out on her side, breathing deeply. I held up a wet towel and she looked at it quizzically. I pointed to the areas of dried blood on myself and her eyes popped.
"Is that from me?" she asked, her voice filled with concern.
"It's all good. Turn over so I can clean you off."
She did and I managed to get her about as clean as I'd gotten myself. By the time I finished, the towel looked like something from a trauma ward.
"There you go," I said, bundling the towel in my hand. Have fun washing that, Erin.
"Give it to me," Brittney said. "I need to get another tampon in quick." She bounced to the bathroom with a spring in her step and shut the door.
When she'd gone, Courtney cleared her throat to get my attention.
"What's up?" I asked.
"Dude..."
"What?"
"I'll have what she's having."
Chapter 26 - Courtney the Whore
"So, how come it's okay for you to call us sluts?" Courtney asked me.
She'd politely waited to ask the question until after Brittney and I had both rinsed off in the shower to rid ourselves of the dried blood and sweat that still clung to our bodies. We all lounged together on the sectional while porn played in the background, though the sound had been muted. I sat with my arm over the seat back, still feeling soreness and stiffness in my shoulders from being tied up and holding Brittney's hair for so long.
"When any of us calls someone a slut," she continued, "you get all pissed off and high and mighty and shit. But then you're all calling Brit a slut and a bitch and slapping her around and stuff, and that's somehow okay? Why? Because you're a dude?"
I shook my head. "No, of course not. I only did it as a sex thing, because I thought that's what she wanted. I'd never call her those things any other time, and if it bothered her, I wouldn't do it ever." I turned to Brittney, realizing I hadn't talked to her about it. "Did it bother you?"
She laid reclined like a Titian Venus on the chaise, still naked and dewy from her shower, her long damp hair flowing around her. She thought about it and shook her head.
"No, it kind of turned me on, to be honest," she said. "But I definitely wouldn't like it if you said it now," she added after a moment of reflection.
"Why do you think it turned you on?" I asked. She'd been more open about her thoughts and feelings regarding sex since our encounter, and I wanted to encourage her by giving her every opportunity to talk about it.
"I'm not sure. Itwaspretty demeaning the more I think about it. Like, if someone else had talked to me that way, you know, like during sex, I'm not sure I would have liked it as much. But the way you said it...I don't know, it was like you only said it because you were..."
"Because I was what?" I asked when she trailed off, prodding her to finish her thought. She tilted her head and sighed uncomfortably.
"This is going to sound super conceited," she said.
"So what. Tell me anyway."
Her face flushed and she played with her hair. "I don't know. It was like, you were hot for me or something," she said, gauging my reaction, "and I think the reason I liked it so much is because no one's ever thought about me that way before." Her voice trailed off again and she looked away. "God, that sounds so pathetic."
Kayla looked at her friend and nodded slowly, as if in commiseration.
"Well, you're exactly right," I confirmed, and Brittney's eyes came up. "Iwashot for you, and I still am. I keep trying to tell you, Brittney, you're sexy as hell."
The smile that warmed her face panged me, and part of me regretted saying that to her. Not because it wasn't true. Ididfind her sexy and shedidturn me on. But I didn't want her to get the wrong impression about what that meant or how I felt. I thought fondly of Brittney, and I appreciated her kindness and her willingness to explore herself with me, but my feelings for her were strictly platonic. I strongly suspected, however, that hers had become increasingly romantic. I changed the subject.
"Speaking of sexy as hell, how is everyone feeling right now?"
I scanned the couch, observing their faces. Brittney appeared the most relaxed, still glowing from our romp. Kayla sat cross legged next to her with her hands folded in her lap, still naked from the waist down. She smiled and shrugged when my eyes passed over her. Despite how uncomfortable it looked, Ashley still wore her fantasy costume. She seemed pensive, though, and her face showed traces of worry. I furrowed my brow.
"What's wrong, sexy?" I asked.
"Nothing," she said, trying to cover her emotions with a weak smile. "Just thinking."
"About what?"
She glanced at Brittney before responding. "I don't know. I guess I'm still a little freaked out about...you and Brit."
"Because of the blood?" I asked, but she shook her head, addressing her concerns directly to Brittney instead of me.
"No. Well, maybe a little, but we all get our periods, right? So I get that. It's just...the way he treated you and those things he said, and the way you were screaming and crying. It was just so awful, Brit, and I wanted to help you and make it stop, but Kay told me not to, and then I heard you say how much you loved it and...I don't know. I just wanted to know that you were really okay."
Ashley lifted her glasses and dabbed at the wetness forming in her eyes. Brittney looked at me, astonished, but I did my best to disguise my thoughts and said nothing. With no prompting from me, she sat up onto her hip.
"I-I'm sorry, Ash. I didn't mean to scare you," she said.
Ashley scoffed and looked embarrassed. "No, I'm sorry. He warned us that it might be like that, and he said we might not like what we saw, but I just...I never expectedthat." Fresh tears broke free and spilled down her cheeks. She took a deep breath to calm herself and wiped them away. "I was just so scared for you," she said, and her voice cracked.
The sight of her friend crying set Brittney off, and her eyes welled until tears fell from them. Her lips trembled and she rushed to Ashley to wrap her arms around her and the two friends cried together.
"I just love you so much, Brit," Ashley said, her words choked, and Brittney hugged her even tighter.
"I know. I know you do. I love you too, Ash."
Kayla and Courtney looked on, each of them appearing to be on the verge of tears, and even I felt a swell of emotion watching the two friends comfort each other. It reminded me once again just how emotionally vulnerable these girls really were. Despite the bravery they'd demonstrated so far, they were still young and, in almost every way, so incredibly nave when it came to sex and relationships with men.
The weight of responsibility I felt to not fuck it all up made me question whether or not I was cut out for it. I needed to be a good role model and set an example of what a healthy sexual relationship with a man should look like, but I'd done a piss poor job of it so far and felt to be just about the worst person on the planet to do it. Nearly every relationship I'd ever had with the women in my life had revolved almost entirely around sex. I loved sex and I loved women, and my tastes and predilections ran to the extremes. Restraining myself with these girls had been the hardest thing in the world for me to do, and I grew increasingly worried that it was only a matter of time before I hurt one of them. I wasn't sure if I'd be able to live with myself if I did.
When Ashley and Brittney regained their composure, they settled back into the sofa next to each other, sniffling and holding hands. Brittney looked at me and flashed me an embarrassed smile.
"Sorry," she said.
I shook my head and waved my hand. She didn't need to be sorry. We sat quietly for a long time, not really looking at each other, until Courtney finally broke the silence.
"So...how about them Mets, huh?"
Ashley smirked and then breathed an amused snort from her nose, which triggered a cascade of tittles from the others until soon they all laughed, as much at the absurdity of the comment as to dispel the somber mood. When their laughter subsided, Kayla drew her knees up and hugged her legs.
"What's everyone up for now?" she asked, looking at me but addressing the entire group.
"I could eat," I said when no one else spoke up. I'd barely eaten anything in days, and what little I had consisted mostly of garbage and booze. I'd also noticed that the load I'd dumped on Brittney's ass was a lot smaller than normal. An indication that I was dehydrated.
"I can make you something," Ashley offered. "What are you hungry for?"
"Your pussy," I said, and she cracked an amused smile. "Oh, you mean food-wise? I don't care, honestly. Anything, really, but something fresh and healthy would be amazing." I suddenly craved a grilled chicken sandwich piled high with lettuce and tomato and my stomach grumbled.
Ashley got up to strip off her costume and put her street clothes back on, skipping the underwear.
"Don't move. I'll be right back," she said cheerfully and skipped out the slider.
Courtney watched her go, then turned to me when she'd disappeared.
"So, how are you feeling?" she asked, her meaning obvious.
"A little sore, to be honest," I said, rotating my arm.
The ache in my shoulders hadn't just been a mild strain, I finally admitted to myself. I must have pulled something when I'd been tied up, and gripping Brittney's hair had only made it worse. Yet another reminder of my age and the generational gulf that separated me from these girls.
My cock also felt chafed from the near continuous sex I'd had over the past couple days and the lack of lube, but this also underscored just how reckless I'd been. I hadn't used a condom with any of them, and twice now, poor Courtney had unknowingly sucked my cock straight from Erin's ass. I had so much casual sex in my normal, day to day life, sometimes with multiple partners in a day, that I routinely got myself checked for STDs, but I hadn't been tested in weeks. Between myself and Erin, these girls had indirectly been exposed to dozens of dicks, pussies, and assholes.
A true paragon of responsible sex you are, I thought sourly.
Courtney sat up straight. "You're not...injured or anything are you?" she asked, her concern as much for me as for herself, I suspected. I chuckled softly.
"No, nothing like that. I just think I might have pulled something earlier. I'm fine though," I lied.
She looked relieved. "Good, good. That's good. How's your, uh..." She waggled her finger at my cock.
"He's very, very happy," I said, raising an eyebrow to Brittney. Her face reddened and she grinned.
"Uh huh, yeah, that's great," Courtney said quickly. "But you're still feeling good, right?" She punched her fist into her hand like a baseball mitt. "You're still, you know, good to keep going?"
I laughed again. "Is your little beaver eager?" I asked.
She scoffed and tried to laugh it off. "Ew, no. No, I just want to make sure you're not too tired or need to take a break or something like that."
I sighed, exasperated. "You know, I feel like I keep having this conversation with you guys every other hour," I said.
"What are you talking about?" she asked, wary.
"I'm talking about you girls constantly tap dancing around the things you want. Just fucking come out with it. Tell me what you want, directly and plainly. Why is that so fucking hard for you to do?"
She shot me a pained look. "Hey, sorry, okay? I just don't want you to think I'm, like, desperate or something."
"Oh my god, Courtney." Ugh, these girls frustrated me to no end. "In fact, I want all of you to listen up," I said, and the three of them leaned forward to give me their undivided attention. "I like you guys, okay? A lot. All of you. And I love fucking you. When you tell me you want to fuck me, it's like the greatest thing in the world. You guys could never want sex more than I do. Well, okay, maybe Kayla could, but that's only because she's my sexy little nympho."
Kayla flashed me a steely grin, and I continued. "I should probably wait for Ashley, but I suspect I'll be repeating this again several times, so I'll just say it. Everyone wants to feel wanted, okay? Even me."
This brought them up short, and I laughed. "Yeah, that's right. You're not the only ones who want to feel good about themselves, and it makes me feel really good to know that I'm desired. It's thrilling and it excites me, and it only makes me want you more."
"But dude, you could get any girl you wanted," Courtney said, and I choked out a laugh.
"Yeah, hardly."
"Hardly? What the fuck, man? You're, like...And, I mean, you always know exactly what to do and say all the time!" she said, sounding agitated.
"You're kind to say that, but I'm not nearly that smooth. I'm just like you, making it up as I go."
"Dude, just shut the fuck up!"
"Why are you getting so angry?" I asked.
She stood and tossed her hands out. "Because, I don't fucking believe you! You are so unbelievably hot, you don't even seem like a real person! And you've got this, like, huge dick that you obviously know how to use really fucking well, and everyone's totally into you and wants to fuck you and..." She bore her eyes into me. "It just insults my intelligence when you deny it, okay? That's why I'm fucking pissed."
I lifted my eyebrows. "Wow, okay. I'm sorry. Thank you."
Courtney plopped back down onto the sofa and crossed her arms in a petulant pose. "Yeah, don't mention it."
"Told you," Kayla said to me, shrugging. When Courtney looked at her confused, she explained. "I told him pretty much the same thing last night."
"So?" I asked Courtney, regaining her attention.
"So, what?" she asked testily.
"So, what is it you want from me?"
Her frustration with me erupted. "Dude! I want to fuck your brains out, okay? Is that clear enough for you?" She pantomimed speaking in sign language. "I. Want. To. FUCK! The. Shit. Out. Of. You."
I stared at her and shook my head. "I don't understand. What are you trying to say?" Her eyes bugged out of her head and I stuck out my tongue. She screeched.
"Argh! Oh my god, I'm going to fucking kill you!" she screamed and lunged at me, leaping on top of me and grabbing my wrists. I let her wrestle me down onto the cushion and she attacked my face with her lips. Her tongue shot into my mouth and she ground her crotch against my growing erection.
When she had me firmly under her control, she pulled her head back to look at me, her expression serious. "I want you bad. You have to know that, right?"
"How bad? Tell me. Please."
Her jaw flexed and she shook. "So bad that I can hardly stand it. So bad, that my f-fucking pussy constantly aches for you. So bad, that I have to stop myself from just throwing myself at you every time I see you."
"Courtney..."
"I'm not done yet, mister, so you just shut your perfect fucking mouth and let me finish, because I have a lot more to say to you and I'm going to be completely honest because I don't give a fuck what anyone else thinks anymore." She looked up at Kayla, "Not you." She shifted her eyes to Brittney. "Not you." She looked down at me. "Not even you."
She moved her face closer. "I want you to use me every way possible. I want you to put your cock in my mouth. I want you to fuck my tits. I want you to fuck my pussy. I want you to fuck my ass. I want you to fuck me and fuck me and then, when you're done fucking me and I'm lying on the ground shivering and covered in your cum, I want you to fuck me some more. I want to go to sleep tonight still feeling your cock inside me because you fucked me so much. Do you get it now? Is that plain enough for you?"
Although sore from overuse, my cock throbbed and surged against her weight. She glanced between her legs and nodded. Her trembling intensified.
"Good. Now, since everyone else got what they wanted, let me tell you what I want. You'll tell me what to do, and I'll do it because I trust you completely. I don't care what it is, I'll do it and I won't question it. You won't hurt me, either, okay? You can't hurt me. I'm strong. I can handle it, and I want it. I w-want it more than I've ever wanted anything before in my life."
She exhaled a sharp stuttering breath. "I don't want to just be your slut, okay? That's not nearly enough for me. I want you to treat me like a dirty little whore because that's what I am. I'm desperate for it. I want you to slap me, spit on me, call me names, piss in my fucking mouth for all I care. You can do anything you want to me because that's what I want. I want all of it. So don't hold back, okay? I want to be the perfect girl for you, so please use me any way you want, okay? Will you do that for me, please? Say you'll do that for me."
She quivered like a violin string, awaiting my response. I stared into her large brown eyes, so filled with anxiety and wanton desire, absolutely speechless. I'd never been propositioned like that before, and I felt conflicted because it had come from her. Courtney Bellinore. A virgin who couldn't possibly know what the fuck she wanted. Couldn't she?
As I studied her cute round face, I became less certain. She'd spoken to me as directly as anyone ever had. Women had begged me to fuck them before, to stick my cock in their asses and cum on their faces and treat them like whores, but never all at once and never so calmly, and certainly never before we'd even had sex. And the way she'd articulated it, I could tell she'd given it a lot of thought. Hadn't she? Could it have been nothing more than an impulsive utterance that she'd deeply regret when she woke up the next day, battered and broken?
I couldn't risk it. I had to test her somehow. To know that she'd been serious and wouldn't hate herself in the morning. But how? What could I make her do that would remove all doubt? Then it came to me, and I had to suppress a smile. Yeah, that would work. If she did that, I could be certain of her resolve.
I nodded. "I'll do that for you," I said, and her relief nearly overwhelmed her. She kissed me all over my face and whispered thank you over and over again. "On one condition," I added and she sat up straight.
"Anything. Name it," she said confidently, as if to prove just how serious she'd been.
"You agree to my rules."
"You and your rules," she said with a snort, but the seriousness of my expression melted her smile. "Sorry. Of course. Please, tell me your rules."
"I know you think I can't hurt you, Courtney, but you're wrong. I could hurt you badly and I could do it before you even knew what happened. So, these are my rules."
I ran her through the same three safety phrases I'd given to Brittney.
"Too much, stop, I'm done," she repeated one last time. "I got it. Are we good now?"
I still had a thousand reservations, but I set them aside for the time being. The next thirty minutes would reveal a lot about her determination. I didn't particularly want to treat her like a dirty little whore, but I would if that's what she really wanted. Based on how she reacted, I'd dial it up or down from there.
"Yeah, we're good."
She bounced happily on my pelvis and drummed on my chest. "Good. What do you want to do to me first?"
"I want you to take those fucking clothes off."
She grinned and pressed her hands against my diaphragm as she dismounted me. In seconds, she approached stark naked, about to jump back on top of me, but I held up my hand to stop her.
"Excuse me. What do you think you're doing?" I asked, and she stopped cold.
"Oops, sorry! You're right," she said, then clasped her hands behind her back, stood up straight, lifted her head, and threw her shoulders back. I admired the way her stiff posture made her large tits jut prominently from her chest.
"I forgot, I'm not supposed to move unless you tell me to," she said, then clapped her hand over her mouth and snorted. "Shit, I'm not supposed to talk either," she said quickly, then put her hand behind her back again to wait, grinning like an eager child.
I sighed. "I don't care if you talk," I said. "Run your dirty little whore mouth as much as you want. Go ahead, I'll wait."
Her grin faltered and she laughed nervously. "No, it's okay. I'm sorry. I'm just excited. I'll shut up now."
I watched her for a while, and she grew increasingly anxious. When the silence became unbearable, she started talking again.
"Would you like a blowjob? I'd love to suck your dick right now, if you want. Or, you know, I could titty fuck you again." She lifted her breasts and bounced them in her hands. "That was fun, right?" When I didn't respond, she grew quiet again and lowered her hands. "I'll just shut up."
"Relax, Courtney. I'm waiting for Ashley," I said, then gestured to the laptop. "If you need something to do, go pick out a few videos for us to watch. Something that shows what you'd like me to do to you."
She saluted and said, "Yessir!"
While she busied herself with that task, I turned my attention to the other two.
"Kayla?"
"Yeah?"
"Would you like to suck my cock?"
She smiled and nodded, but then her eyes flicked to Courtney, who'd turned to look at us.
"Is that okay?" Kayla asked Courtney, but I cut off her response.
"She wants you to do it, baby girl. She loves it when other girls suck my big cock. Don't you, Courtney?"
Courtney stared at me and slowly nodded. "Yeah. I mean, yes! Of course. I'd totally love to see that, Kiki. Go ahead. Please. Suck his dick."
Kayla didn't look completely convinced, but when I sat up and opened my legs, she jumped off the couch to kneel in front of me, taking me in her hand. She checked in with Courtney one last time, as if to say, 'Are you sure?' but Courtney already had her back turned so she put me in her mouth.
Ashley returned shortly thereafter. She slowed to a stop after closing and locking the slider when she saw Kayla bobbing her head in my lap. I waved her over.
"I, uh, made you a little veggie plate with, um...hmm...you know, like veggies and...," she swirled her hand over the plate without looking at it, "other...um, stuff..." She finally tore her eyes away long enough to check her hands. "Hummus and pita bread. Oh, and I brought you a Pellegrino."
"Oh my god, that looks amazing. Thank you," I said, reaching for it.
I set it on the cushion next to me and dug in. Kayla lifted her head, but I shook my head and pointed at my cock, and she resumed her blowjob. While I wolfed down the food, Courtney stood and slowly approached us.
"I can take over for you now, Kiki," she said, but I held up my hand.
"Nah, she's doing great. What did you find for us to watch?"
"A few different things. Are you sure you don't want me to do that?" she asked.
"I'm sure. You can eat her ass, though. If she wants you to, I mean. Would you like that, baby? Do you want Courtney to eat your ass?"
Courtney's face fell. Kayla lifted her head slowly, her eyes scanning my face. Then she turned and exchanged a look with Courtney.
"I...are you being serious?" Kayla asked me.
"Dead serious," I said after swallowing a huge bite of pita bread and hummus. "Only if you want it, though. It's totally up to you. I know Courtney would totally love to eat your ass, though. Wouldn't you?"
Courtney stared at me, red-faced with embarrassment, and I could tell that I'd already discovered one of her limits. "Is that really what you want?" she asked me, her voice suddenly very hoarse.
Kayla threw her friend a lifeline before I could humiliate her further. "Actually, I think I'm good for now. Thank you, though."
"Don't mention it," I said, taking another huge bite, and I knew she wouldn't.
Ashley took a seat next to Brittney and whispered, "What the hell did I miss?" but Brittney shooshed her and they both settled in to watch.
When I nodded toward my cock, Kayla resumed her blowjob while Courtney watched from the sidelines, looking extremely perturbed. She'd had no way to anticipate that I'd go in this direction, and I could tell she'd been thrown off balance. Good. She'd been cocky, and now she'd had a small taste of what I was capable of.
"You know what?" I said between bites. "I changed my mind. Courtney, why don't you get down there and help Kayla."
Courtney breathed a sigh of relief and got down on the floor next to Kayla. They conferred on how to approach the task.
"You want to jack him off while I suck?" Kayla suggested, but I shook my head and said, 'Mm-mm' while I chewed on a carrot stick. I spread my legs wider.
"I'd like to see if both of you can get your mouths on my cock at the same time," I said after I'd swallowed.
This arrangement seemed less disagreeable to them than ass eating had been, and they both leaned their heads in to kiss and lick their way around my cock. After a few aborted attempts and awkward headbutts, they finally settled into a rhythm, with each girl taking a side.
"Don't forget about my balls," I said helpfully as I wiped the remains of the hummus from the plate with the last piece of pita bread.
The two girls did a good job, taking turns, one sucking on the head of my cock while the other licked and sucked my balls and shaft, then switching. When I finished eating, I sipped the mineral water and watched them work.
After a while, when they'd settled into a steady rhythm, I held out my hand for Kayla and pulled her up onto the couch beside me. I put my hand on her ass and pulled her close to kiss her while Courtney centered herself between my legs
"Thank you," I said to Kayla. "That was wonderful."
"You're welcome."
I slipped my hand between her legs. The blowjob had turned her on. "Your pussy's wet," I said.
"It's always wet for you," she said softly, her eyes taking on a hungry intensity.
"I'm going to lick your hairy little pussy when I get back, but first Courtney and I have to run a little errand, okay?"
Kayla took my face in her hands and kissed me and nodded. "I can't wait."
When Kayla sat back down, I pushed Courtney's head away and stood up. "Stand up, tits. There's something we need to go do."
"What is it?" she asked when she got to her feet, but I frowned at her and she closed her mouth and pretended to lock it with a key. "Right. Shutting up now."
"Let's go," I said, heading for the slider.
"Outside?" she asked but shut up again when I shot her a look. "Sorry."
She followed closely as I crossed the pool area but slowed when we got to the deck and stopped when I put my hand on the door to the kitchen.
"What are you doing?" she hissed, alarmed. "Mrs. Mitchell's in there!"
"I hope so," I said, pulling the door open. "We need to talk to her."
Courtney backed away. "N-n-no, I can't go in there like this!"
I scoffed and shook my head. "I knew you were full of shit." I affected a falsetto voice. "I don't care what it is, I'll do it and won't question it." I scoffed again. "Pfft, what a crock. You know what? Forget it. Go back with the others and put your clothes back on. I'll handle this myself."
I stepped into the kitchen and called out. "Erin!"
"Back here!" came her response from somewhere on the ground floor. I headed for the den and found her inside watching TV. Her brow lifted and her eyes widened when she saw me.
"I honestly didn't expect to see you again today," she said. "And definitely not looking like that." She rose from her chair and went to the bar cart. "Drink?"
"You've got to be joking, right? I'll never drink or eat anything you ever prepare again, you fucking psycho. You drugged me!"
Erin snickered as she poured a gin and tonic. "Oh, come on. It was just a little DMT. I thought you liked getting high." She turned to face me. "You certainly did the other night when you fuck- Oh, hello."
I turned. Courtney stood in the doorway behind me. To her credit, she hadn't bothered to try and conceal herself either. Good for her, I thought. The kid had some balls after all. I turned back to Erin, my expression scornful.
"That was different," I told her. "I knew what I'd taken then."
Erin didn't seem to hear me. "Wow, you're actually...quite lovely," she said to Courtney, shaking her head as if to clear it. "Nice tits."
I waved Courtney closer and motioned for her to stand next to me.
"We're fucking," I said. "I figured I'd tell you now, in case you were tempted to drug me again."
"Good for you, honey," Erin said the Courtney, ignoring me. "I hear he's very good."
Courtney stood with her legs together holding her arm, completely befuddled. She looked disoriented and didn't respond.
"She's speechless!" Erin laughed, and then became more serious. "You're obviously here for a reason, dragging her along with you like this. What do you want?"
"We need to borrow some things from you," I said, and Erin's eyebrows levitated.
"Oh? Like what?"
"Lube, for one. As much as you can spare. And a dildo, if you have one. A normal-sized dildo," I added quickly. "And a butt plug. A small one."
Courtney whipped her head around to stare at me and her mouth opened in shock. I ignored her and kept my eyes on Erin.
"Courtney Bellinore," Erin said, affecting a shocked tone. "Are you really planning to let this man fuck you up the ass?"
Courtney turned back to Erin, wide eyed, and shook her head vigorously. "I-what? No!"
"Have you seen his cock, honey? It's huge." Then she laughed. "What am I saying? Of course you've seen it."
Courtney moved her mouth but found no words. She looked to me for help, her eyes pleading, as if to beg me to put her out of her misery. I put my hand on her ass and squeezed one of her ample butt cheeks. She jumped.
"Don't worry about us. We'll be just fine," I assured both of them. "Can we borrow the stuff, or not?"
Erin lifted her eyes, as if considering the request, then nodded. "Of course. I'd be delighted to help. You want to wait here, or would you like to come up with me to get it? Courtney, honey, you can wait here till we get back, right?"
"We're both fine, right here," I said, my voice low.
Erin's lips lifted and she shrugged. "Can't blame a girl. Wait here, then. I'll be right back."
When Erin had left us alone, Courtney exhaled the breath she'd been holding and clutched my arm with both hands. "What the fuck are we doing here, dude?" she said in a harsh whisper. "A dildo? A-a-a butt plug?"
"Relax. I already told you, she knows everything. We need this stuff."
"She-she fucking talked about my tits, dude. Ash's mom complimented my tits!"
"Would you please calm the fuck down?" I asked, annoyed. "I already told you that too."
"Told me what?"
"That you've got great tits."
"You're notfunny, dude! I've known her since I was eleven."
"I don't know what to tell you. Get over it. This isn't the last time she's going to see us naked."
"What does that mean?" she asked, alarmed by how casually I'd said it.
"I don't intend to hide in that pool house anymore. I wasn't joking about what I said to Ashley. I plan to fuck you all over this property, inside and out."
Courtney's jaw dropped and she yanked on my arm. "No! Are you fucking kidding? Please tell me you're just fucking with me."
"I'm not fucking with you. And what's your problem? Why are you acting like this?"
"Myproblem? Acting like what?"
"Like a fucking child."
She stared open mouthed. "How can you say that?"
I yanked my arm away from her. "Because it's true. You don't think Erin knows what time it is? Wake the fuck up, Courtney. She knows everything, okay? She and Clay are a couple of fucking swingers. They host orgies, right here in this fucking house."
Her head snapped back as if I'd slapped her. "What?"
"Yeah, you heard me right." I took a deep breath and leaned closer, fixing her with a hard look. "You want to be the perfect girl for me? You want to do anything I want? Well, this is it, baby. This is your moment. I want to fuck the shit out of your little pussy right out in the open. I'm tired of hiding. You're not up for it? Fine. But don't fucking bullshit me again about you being completely honest with me, and not caring about what other people think, and blah blah blah and all that other shit, because at the end of the day you'll just be another spineless virgin girl with a horny twat and a head full of lusty ideas, but no balls to do anything about either."
"Should I come back?"
I turned. Erin stood in the doorway holding her cocktail in one hand and a black sinch bag in the other. I wasn't sure how long she'd been standing there, but I couldn't have cared less.
"That it?" I asked, and she handed the bag over to me.
"Everything's been sanitized. If you need anything else, let me know," she said. "I've got all kinds of really good stuff up there. Maybe you and I can browse through the collection later and see if anything strikes your fancy?"
"Money," I said flatly.
She sighed. "Talk to Ashley. I already gave it to her."
"Great. Thank you. Let's go, Courtney."
Courtney gave Erin one last gawk and turned to follow.
"If you really are planning to fuck outdoors," Erin called after us, "please remember to use sunscreen. Especially you, honey. You don't want to burn those tits. Believe me."
Chapter 27 - Courtney's Porno
When we'd made it back to the side of the house, Courtney grabbed my arm to stop me.
"Dude, what the fuck, man? What was that?" she asked.
"What was what?"
She pointed back to the house. "That! We just walked naked into Ashley's house and asked her mom for dildos and butt plugs, and she just handed them to us like it was no big deal!"
"Are you not paying attention to anything I've been telling you?" I asked, and turned to go, but she pulled me back.
"Would you hold on for just one second? Please!"
I stopped and turned to face her. "What, Courtney? What?" My annoyance with her peaked and it showed on my face. She rubbed my arm.
"Just...talk to me, okay?"
"Talk to you about what? There's nothing to talk about."
Her eyebrows parted and her face became a mask of glum emotions. She looked scared and confused and unsure of what to do or say. I put my hands on her shoulders and leaned forward to touch my forehead to hers. I closed my eyes and sighed.
"You frustrate the hell out of me sometimes, you know that?" I said under my breath, then pushed her back to hold her at arm's length. "Do you want this or not?" I asked.
She stared at me and thought about it, but she didn't seem nearly as certain now as she'd pretended to be in the pool house. Two small tests had shaken her resolve, and I could tell she wondered if she could go through with it at all.
"You wanted to be my dirty little whore, Courtney. You wanted me to fuck you any and every way possible, and you didn't care what anyone else thought anymore. That's what you said to me."
"I know!" she whined. "I just didn't think..."
"Because you don't know anything. Look, I don't want you to be my whore, okay?"
She looked devastated. "Why not?"
I chuckled and shook my head. "Because, you're not a fucking whore, that's why. It's not in your nature to be one. You're...something else."
"What, then? What am I?"
"I don't know yet, because you won't tell me. You keep trying to be something you're not, and it isn't working. I've asked you countless times to tell me what you want. What youreallywant, not what you think I want to hear. So, tell me the truth this time. What do you want?"
"I want to be with you," she said, and I knew, if nothing else, she'd told the truth that time.
"Youarewith me. We're together, right now."
Frustration showed on her face. She wanted something else too, she just didn't know what. Either that, or she didn't have the words to tell me. I held her firmly.
"You're a leader, Courtney. You're not a follower. Those girls in there look up to you. They respect you, and they rely on your strength. You're a fighter and a protector. Like me."
Her eyes widened with realization.
"Maybe you should be my protg," I said impulsively, and she looked confused. "You know what that means?"
"Like a student?" she guessed.
"It's more than that. As your mentor, I can teach you all the stuff I know about sex. Not just how to do it, though. I have a lot of other experience that I think you could benefit from too. Stuff that goes in here," I said, tapping her temple. Then I lowered my hand to brush her pussy. "Not in here. Knowing how to read people and situations, knowing when to talk and what to say and when to shut up and when to listen. Being savvy, street smart, patient, adaptable, those kinds of things."
Her face filled with wonder and her mind raced. She seemed energized and excited by the prospect of deeper learning. Then her eyebrows closed in.
"Would we still get to have sex?" she asked.
I laughed. "If you want," I replied and she breathed a sigh of relief. "So, do you still want to be my little whore?"
Courtney cast her gaze aside and smirked. "Not...really," she admitted, then looked at me and added, "Unless you want me to." When I tilted my head and frowned, she backpedaled. "I mean, no. I just want to fuck you. A lot."
"Do you still want to try anal?" I asked, and she paled.
"I don't know. I only said that because I know you really like it, but I'm kind of scared it'll hurt too much."
"Yeah, you do have a tiny asshole. I've seen it. Do you like it when I put my finger in there?"
She smirked and said, "Yeah,thatfeels really good."
"Alright, we'll start there and see where it goes. Is there anything else you told me in there that you want to take back?"
She thought about it for a while and shook her head. "Look, I just want to make you feel good, okay? And I want to be open to trying new things. So, most of what I said in there still holds as far as I'm concerned."
She put her hand on my face and smiled. "And I do trust you. I really do. I know you're looking out for us and I appreciate it and I know we don't say it nearly enough, but thank you for everything you've done for us so far. It really means a lot. To all of us."
I put my hand over hers and sighed, grateful for her appreciation. She rubbed her thumb over my cheek and her smile faltered.
"Dude, would you mind doing me a favor?" she asked.
"What's that?"
"Would you please shave? The stubble looks hot and all, but it's scratchy as hell when you go down on me."
I rubbed my cheek. I hadn't shaved in a day and it felt like sandpaper. I realized I needed a touch up down below as well. I reached down and rubbed my hand over Courtney's vulva, causing her to jump.
"I will if you will," I said. "It's like going down on a hairbrush."
Her mouth came open and she slapped my arm and we laughed together. Then I had another idea.
"Actually, have you ever had your pussy waxed?" I asked.
"No...why?"
"How do you think everyone would feel about having a spa day?" I asked. The idea intrigued her and she lifted her eyebrows. "Brittney needs a haircut bad," I said, "and Kayla needs some serious trimming of her own. You can all get hair and eyebrows and facials and manicures and pedicures and bikini waxes and all that good stuff. What do you think?"
"I think that sounds fucking awesome!" she said, excited. "But isn't all that stuff super expensive?"
I grabbed her hand and led her back to the pool house. "Don't worry about that," I said. "We're venture backed now."
Back in the pool house, I tossed the sinch bag onto the coffee table and went for another glass of water.
"What's this?" Ashley asked, picking up the bag.
"Some of your mom's dildos and butt plugs and stuff," I said between chugs of water.
"What? Ew!" Ashley shrieked, tossing the sack down like it was full of snakes.
Courtney laughed as she fell backwards onto the chaise with her arms outstretched. "You wouldn't fucking believe what we just did, Ash," she said.
"My mom had these?" Ashley muttered to herself.
Courtney flipped over onto her stomach and rested her chin on her laced fingers, kicking her legs. "We walked in there, buck naked, and asked your mom to give them to us and she fucking did! Can you believe that?"
Ashley's head popped up and then she turned to look at me as I refilled a second cupful. I leaned against the countertop and gulped it down.
Kayla opened the bag and pulled out a six inch, flesh-toned dildo. She shook it and the tip wobbled a bit. She set it down on the table and pulled out a small red butt plug, about an inch in diameter. Then another one, nearly twice as big. Then she lined up bottles of lube on the edge of the coffee table. Five in total. No, four. The fifth bottle contained isopropyl alcohol. Erin had come through.
Brittney picked up the dildo and examined it with fascination. She pressed her finger against the tip and bent it over a bit, testing its material properties. Ashley withdrew onto the cushions and hugged her legs to her chest.
"There's no way I can use those," she said. "Ew, Kayla! Stop touching that. It's been up my mom's..." She couldn't bring herself to finish the sentence.
"Probably your dad's too," I said. "She sanitized them, though."
With my stomach pleasantly full of water, I went to the table to examine the bottles of lube. I picked one up to read the label. Cherry. Fuck.
"Ugh! I don't care! It's fucking gross!" Ashley whined, cringing behind her arms. "Kayla, stop that!"
"Ashley!" I snapped, and she whipped her head around. "Get over it, for fuck's sake! If you don't want to use them, fine. But shut the fuck up about it, already. I'm sick and tired of all your whiney ass, pearl clutching, overwrought drama bullshit!" I said, slamming the bottle of lube back down onto the table.
Everyone grew quiet and Ashley peered at me over the top of her eyeglasses. I stared her down for a second, and then picked up the small butt plug from the table.
"A few of you want to explore anal sex," I said, "but you're not going to get my cock in your ass on the first go. It's too big. These butt plugs will help you train your assholes to accept larger things." I set it back down and picked up the dildo. "This is for everyone to practice different techniques or simply to masturbate with. I also got it in case anyone's interested in trying double penetration, so you can have two cocks inside you at the same time." I picked up a bottle of lube. "And we need to keep everything nice and slippery so no one hurts themselves. You all have fantastic, wet pussies, but everyone has their limits and my cock is starting to hurt from all the friction."
I put everything back on the table and sat down next to Kayla, who picked up the small butt plug again and examined it closely. I reached over the table and grabbed a pump bottle of anal lube and handed it to her.
"Use this. It's thicker and better for anal insertions," I told her. "You want to try it?"
"Now?" she asked, sounding nervous.
"No, next week. Yes, now. You asked me to fuck you in the ass. This is how we do it. Stop worrying about them!" I yelled when she glanced around at the others.
I pushed up from the couch and paced around the room, slicking back my hair with my hands. I felt so agitated and impatient with them, and it bothered me to be that way but I couldn't help it. Why did I have to be such a fucking prick to them all the time? They're only eighteen, I reminded myself. They don't know any better.
I turned to face them, my expression contrite. "I'm sorry. I shouldn't talk to you guys like that. You don't deserve it. I'm just not cut out for this, okay? I'm too fucking selfish. I'm used to getting what I want all the time, and it's not fair to you, and I forget sometimes that you asked me to teach you this stuff because you don't know anything but you want to learn and I need to be more patient with you. So, yeah...I'm sorry."
Ashley lowered her legs and Kayla set the butt plug and lube back down on the table. Courtney looked at her friends and stood up to speak for them.
"We know you're doing the best you can, dude, and no one's expecting you to be perfect all the time, okay? But we're new to all this. I know you're this fucking Jedi sex master and shit, but we're not. We're trying really hard, though, and we trust you and all, but maybe cut us a little slack, okay? Some of this shit's a lot harder than it looks. Especially for girls."
I laced my fingers behind my head and nodded. "Yeah. Fair enough," I said and Courtney sat back down.
Ashley leaned over the table and gingerly picked up the dildo with two fingers. Then she gripped it by the shaft and shook it the way Kayla had. She set it back down.
"I'll try to be less whiny," she said when she'd leaned back into her seat. "I just never knew...my mom..." She shook her head, astounded by the revelation of her mother's sex life.
There was so much more I wanted to tell Ashley about her mother, but what good would it do? It would only traumatize her more. No, some things were better left unsaid. She already had plenty to process.
The sun had descended rapidly and would set soon enough, but I figured we still had about six hours before Clay returned. Plenty of time for more instruction. But first, I needed to assess our financial position.
"Ashley, your mom said she gave you some money. Is that right?" I asked.
She sat up straight. "Yeah, sorry. I meant to tell you about it when I brought you your food, but I got kind of distracted."
"Did she give you cash or something?" I wondered.
"No. I'm an authorized user on one of her credit cards. She said I can use it to buy whatever you thought we needed."
"What's the credit limit?" I asked, but she shrugged her shoulders. "I want us to go out for a spa day tomorrow and do some clothes shopping. Then we're going on a field trip," I said with a sly grin.
"Field trip? Where?" Brittney asked.
"It's a surprise, but you guys will have fun, trust me. Is everyone free tomorrow?"
"I have to go home tonight," Kayla said, disappointed. "My parents haven't seen me since Friday, so they're kind of insisting I come back, at least for a night. I'm free tomorrow, though."
"My mom's been blowing up my phone too," Courtney said. "I was going to head back home tonight as well, but I'm totally down to hang tomorrow."
"You want to borrow my car?" Brittney offered. "I don't need to go anywhere tonight. You can take it and bring it back tomorrow. If it's okay for me to stay here again, Ash."
Ashley grinned and scootched over to hug her friend's beefy arm. "Of course it's okay. We can play Genshin tonight after my dad gets home."
"Speaking of that," I said. "We still have quite a bit of time left before he gets back. What do you all want to do with the rest of the day?"
Kayla sat up on her haunches. "I believe you mentioned something about going down on me earlier? If the offer still stands."
Courtney jumped to her feet, slicing her hands through the air. "No fucking way, you cows. I'm next."
Brittney snorted and said, "I just realized, Court. You're the only one of us who's never had sex."
Ashley and Kayla joined Brittney in a good-natured laugh at their friend's expense. Courtney glowered.
"Ha fucking ha, bitches," Courtney jeered. "You were a virgin two hours ago, Brit, so don't act like you're hot shit now."
"Jealousy," Brittney tsked, shaking her head. "It's so ugly.
"Me? Jealous of you? Ha! Hardly." She lifted her breasts in her hands. "Check these babies out."
Brittney lifted hers as well, saying, "I've got two of my own, Booberella, and I've been told their perfect."
Courtney narrowed her eyes and huffed. "Yeah. They're pretty fucking great," she admitted, and dropped hers back down, ending the standoff. She turned to me and asked, "So, how 'bout it, dude? Are you finally going to fuck me now, or what?"
"Yeah, I'd love to," I said, and she pumped her fist in victory. "But I need to get back in the mood first, and I still have no clue what you want."
She tsked and said, "I told you, dude. I'm down to fuck you. D to the v, baby."
I laughed and said, "No, I get that. My question to you is: what kind of experience do you want it to be? Everyone else told me how they wanted it. You haven't. I know you want ice cream, but I don't know what flavor or which toppings you want."
Courtney stroked her chin and nodded. "Okay, I see what you're saying now. You're talking positions, right?"
"Positions, sure. But also, do you want it hard and fast, or slow and soft? Do you want to incorporate any roleplay or explore any particular fantasies? Do you want to experiment with toys or kinks? It should be a memorable experience for you, but it should also be fun and satisfying too. Your pussy should be singing opera tonight when you go to sleep."
Courtney smirked at the visual and nodded contemplatively. "How much time do I have to think about it?"
I looked at Kayla and said, "I don't know. What do you think, baby girl? Five, ten minutes?"
"The way I'm feeling right now?" she pondered. "Probably two."
"Take as much time as you need," I said to Courtney as I laid back on the chaise with my legs hanging over the side. To Kayla I said, "Come here, baby. Come sit on my face."
Kayla bounded over on her knees and straddled my head, lowering her pussy onto my mouth. Her strong scent and the evidence of her arousal sent an impulse to my cock that brought it to full attention.
"Take off your shirt. Let me see those adorable little tits of yours," I said, and Kayla nearly tore her shirt getting it off.
Kayla took hold of my hair and rode my face, grinding her crotch against my mouth. I hooked my hands over the tops of her thighs and drove my tongue into her vagina, trying to fuck her with it. Then she shifted her hips and I took her clit between my lips and gently licked it, trying to not overstimulate her. Kayla guided me by my hair, and when I'd dialed in the pressure just right, she let me know.
"Oh, daddy," she whispered. "Mm, right there. Just like that."
It took her only slightly longer than her estimate to bring her to a squeaking orgasm. I tried to keep going, to see if she could ride her first to a quick second, but the sensation became too intense and she lifted her pussy off my mouth.
"Oh shit, I can't! I can't!" she cried, a disappointed smile on her face. "Oh, fuck I want to so bad, though. Ugh!"
"We'll just have to keep trying," I said, and she grinned and nodded.
"Yes, please!" She crawled off of me and put her face closer to mine. "You can lick my hairy little pussy anytime you want."
She kissed me, then took a seat on the sectional nearby. I checked in with Courtney.
"You figure out what you want yet?" I asked her.
"No. I got kind of distracted."
I looked to where Brittney and Ashley sat next to each other and said, "Well, I'm not nearly ready to be done yet. Can I interest either of you in a ride on my face?"
They looked at each other and Brittney nodded, then asked, "Should I go take it out?"
"Nope. You're good just as you are. Come over here, sexy."
Brittney came to my side but hesitated to climb on top of me. I grabbed her wrist to pull her onto me, but she held back.
"I'll be on the bottom," she said.
"But I want you on top."
"I don't think that's such a good idea."
"Why not?"
"Because. I don't want to crush you," she said quietly.
I laughed and pulled harder on her arm. "Get your little pussy over here. Now."
Still skeptical, she lifted her long leg over my body and straddled my head, but hovered over me, afraid to set her weight down. I reached up to put my hands on top of her ass and pulled her down, going straight for her clit. She let out a quick breath, a surprised look on her face.
"Oh my god," she breathed and moved her hips around a bit, testing my durability.
Little by little, she set more of her weight down until her ass sat comfortably on my upper chest. Her astonished expression that I hadn't been smothered to death almost made me laugh. I pulled my head back and looked up at her.
"You do have perfect tits," I told her and her cheeks lifted. "Play with them while I eat you out."
Brittney massaged her breasts and teased her nipples while I licked and sucked and nibbled on her tiny clit. She smiled and closed her eyes, losing herself to the moment. I wondered how much she'd explored her body before. Were her nipples sensitive? Did playing with them heighten the experience?
I also wondered how long she would last from just clitoral stimulation, or if she'd even be able to experience an orgasm at all. The other two times I'd gotten her off had required multiple stimulations from tongues and fingers and vibrators. I decided it didn't matter. The joy was in the journey. Fully committed to seeing it through, I settled in.
I sensed movement on the sofa and watched Kayla stand to move around us. Then I felt a pair of hands rubbing over the tops of my thighs and a tongue exploring my cock. The hands moved to my shaft and balls and soon I felt a pair of lips slowly rolling over the head of my cock. I groaned and gripped Brittney's wide hips and buried my face in her crotch.
Brittney lasted longer than I could. Kayla's cocksucking skills had improved substantially since she'd learned to use her hands properly, and I soon found myself moaning continuously and lifting my hips to drive my cock into her mouth. For her part, Brittney didn't seem to be in any rush, enjoying the near continuous stimulation to her clit, with the occasional foray to the lower regions of her pussy. I wished it could have lasted forever, but any longer and I'd blow my load into Kayla's mouth.
"Kayla, honey. Stop, okay? Stop."
She lifted her head but kept her hands moving. "What's wrong?" she asked.
"I'm going to cum if you keep doing that."
"Oh, good. Cum in my mouth," she said cheerfully and resumed sucking my cock.
"No, please! I don't want to cum yet, okay? Not yet."
She took her time stopping, letting her tongue and lips and hands linger on my cock for just a little longer than she needed to before finally standing and moving back to her seat. I breathed deeply and then looked up at Brittney, who stared down between her thighs at me from thirty feet in the air.
"Hello, down there," she said with a happy grin on her face.
"How are you feeling?"
"Wonderful."
"Are you close to cumming yet?"
Brittney curled her lips and shrugged, her head slightly tilted. "I'm sure if you keep going, I'll get there," she said.
"I think it's going to take more than just my tongue," I admitted and she laughed.
"Hmm, more things probably wouldn't hurt."
"Do you want me to put things inside you?"
"What did you have in mind?"
"We've got all kinds of toys now. Pick something and let's try it."
She looked at the assortment of objects on the coffee table and leaned over to pick up the dildo. She held it in a soft grip and rubbed her other hand over it, imagining what it might feel like inside of her. Then she picked up the small butt plug and held them up together, comparing the two.
"Which one?" she asked, unable to decide.
"You want to try them both?"
Her eyes widened. "Is that possible?"
"Sure, why not?"
She considered the two phalluses in her hand and set them down on the table. "I'll be right back," she said and crawled off the couch to go to the bathroom.
I sat up to see just how red and veiny my throbbing cock looked. I'd been very close to cumming and I wondered if I should have just let Kayla finish me off, but something about denying myself thrilled me too. A static charge coursed through me, and every sense seemed heightened.
When Brittney returned, I had her switch spots with me. She laid with her feet on the ground and her fingers clasped over her belly, waiting anxiously while I prepared the first toy.
I pumped anal lube onto the small butt plug and smeared it all over, coating my fingertips at the same time. "Pull your knees back and spread your legs, okay?" I said to her as I worked.
Brittney lifted her legs and put her hands behind her knees, pulling them back to her shoulders. I turned and rubbed her anus with lube, then slid a finger inside to coat her tight, puckered hole. She closed her eyes and shuddered.
"Does that feel good, baby?" I asked softly. She licked her lips and nodded. "Good. I'm going to put the plug in now. Try to relax your sphincter. You're going to feel a little pressure, but it shouldn't hurt at all. If it does, tell me, okay?"
She nodded quickly but said nothing. The other three girls moved closer and leaned in to watch the operation. I put my hand on Brittney's pussy and massaged her clit while I positioned the tip of the butt plug against her tiny asshole. Then I slowly pushed it in. As her sphincter opened to accept it, her mouth opened as well.
"Just relax, baby. It's going in just fine. We're almost there. Just a little more. That's it. It's in!"
Brittney let out a long breath and opened her eyes. The base of the butt plug sat pressed snuggly against her asshole, holding it in place. I continued rubbing her clit while I talked.
"Put your legs down. How does it feel."
"Weird," she said, still uncertain about it. She shifted her hips around and opened and closed her legs. "It doesn't hurt, though. It feels pretty comfortable, actually."
"Good."
I observed the other girls from the corner of my eye, and they all seemed fascinated by their friend's experience, especially Kayla. I took my hand off Brittney's pussy and prepared the dildo. I used a thinner lubricant for it, coating the entire thing, and spoke to her again while I worked.
"Pull your legs back again. We're going to put this guy inside you now."
She got herself into position and once more I massaged her clit while I positioned the dildo at her vaginal opening and slowly pushed it inside. Her breath caught in her throat and she tilted her head back into the cushion as it slowly made its way inside of her. She knew what to expect this time, though, and it proved to be a straightforward process.
With the dildo all the way inside of her, I asked, "How do you feel?"
She lifted her head to look at me and smiled. "Fantastic," she said, slightly out of breath, her small pink nipples contracted to stiff points.
I laughed. "Good. Are you ready for me to start fucking you with it now?"
"Oh god, yes," she muttered.
I pumped the dildo in and out of her pussy a few times to get her used to the feeling. The shaft drew her menstrual blood out, but it stayed contained around her pussy lips. Brittney's eyes closed and she breathed softly. Then I leaned my head in to lap at her clit.
This novel stimulation of her major erogenous zones had a profound effect on her. She rotated and lifted her hips and moaned continuously, starting softly but increasing in volume as time went on. Soon, she bucked her hips against the thrusting of the dildo and her moans turned into soft cries. I sucked and licked her clit, flicking my tongue over it.
Brittney let go of one of her legs and pushed on my head. I fucked her with the dildo quickly and her breathing and throaty cries accelerated until she exploded in a loud cry that lifted her upper body off the sofa.
"Oh god! OH GOD!" She screamed. Her body shook and spasmed as my tongue dragged over her clit until she pushed my face away. "Stop! Stop! Stop!"
I pulled my head back with a huge grin on my face. Brittney gasped as if she'd just sprinted a mile and laugh-cried at the intense sensations coursing through her body.
"Oh, my god! Oh, my god! I c-can't believe it. I just can't. That was so...MM, so good! Oh god, it won't stop," she said and she giggled uncontrollably.
I laughed and kissed the inside of her thigh while I extracted the dildo. It came out lightly coated in menstrual blood, and I carried it to the sink to rinse it off. When I came back, Brittney still laid with her arms straight out to her sides, bouts of soft giggling occasionally overtaking her.
When she finally recovered enough to sit up, her face glowed and she couldn't stop smiling. I helped her to her feet and she collapsed into my arms and smothered me with kisses. I hugged her and her soft naked curves felt so plush against my body. I could have fucked her right there, and she felt my desire press against her.
Her green eyes smoldered and the intensity of her gaze sucked me in. "I want to fuck you right now," she whispered so that no one else could hear. "Do you want to fuck me?"
I did and she knew it. "Tonight," I whispered. She stared and nodded enthusiastically. "Leave the plug in for now." I said.
She smiled and nodded again, then kissed me and skipped to the bathroom to clean up, the red butt plug dimpling the crack of her ass.
When I turned my attention back to the remaining trio, they sat huddled in deep conversation about Brittney and her giggle-inducing orgasm. Courtney noticed me watching them and jumped up, excited, and hurried to me.
"I'm ready now," she said, clapping eagerly.
"Good," I said, "because I'm ready to tear up that perfect little pussy of yours. Tell me what you want."
"Okay," she said, "I've realized something about myself and I'm finally ready to admit it to you and everyone else."
I ran my finger along the swell of her breast and then took it into my hand and palmed it. She looked down and smiled.
"Are you going to let me finish?" she asked.
"Go on. I'm dying to hear this," I said, rolling her nipple between my fingers. "I'm also dying to fuck you, so..."
She closed her eyes and breathed deeply. "Okay, I'll hurry because I'm so ready to fuck you right now my pussy's gushing."
Brittney emerged from the bathroom and strolled past, the butt plug still in place, and took a seat between Ashley and Kayla. I glided my free hand over Courtney's other breast and then gently squeezed them and pressed them together. Courtney blew out a sharp breath.
"Oh my god, you have to stop or I'm never going to get through this," she said.
"You've realized something about yourself...," I prompted.
"Right. So, I've realized that I really get off watching you fuck," she said. "It was so hot watching you go down on Brit like that, and when she was on top of you and Kiki was sucking your dick, holy fuck. My pussy just...Mm! I could feel it dripping down my leg, dude. When I watch you fuck, it just drives me wild."
"You're a voyeur," I said, slipping my hand between her leg to massage her pussy.
"Oh, fuck...yeah. I'm a voyeur I guess...mm, you've really got to stop that," she said, putting her hand over mine and coaxing me to rub her harder and faster. "I want to fuck you outside by the pool."
"Okay. Let's go," I said. I grabbed her wrist to pull her to the slider.
"No, wait. I want to record it too."
That brought me up short. "Are you sure about that?"
"On my phone. I want my first time to be with you and I know I'm not going to want it to end, but at least this way, I'll be able to watch you fucking me over and over again so I can get myself off to it whenever I want. Is that just too weird?" she asked.
"No," I said. "That's actually...pretty fucking awesome. I've never known anyone who's done that before. Who's going to hold the phone?"
Her face fell. She hadn't thought about that important detail.
"I'll record it," Kayla offered. "I've watched enough porn. I can probably make it look good."
"Are you sure, Kiki?" Courtney asked. "I don't want it to be weird."
Kayla pawed the air. "I think we've moved way beyond weird, Courts" she said, and they both laughed.
The two girls worked out the correct settings on Courtney's phone and then Courtney took my hand to lead me outside. Ashley stood up and voiced her objection.
"Court, you're not really planning to have sex outside, are you? What if my mom comes out?"
We stopped at the slider and Courtney put her hand on my chest. "I'll handle this," she said under her breath, then she turned and said to Ashley, "Let me just add to the weirdness that is our lives recently, okay? We actually already talked to your mom about it when we borrowed her stuff, and she's totally fine with it."
"What? Really?" Ashley asked, completely floored by this new information. I felt bad for her. Her innocent little world had been completely inverted over the past couple days.
"Yeah," Courtney confirmed. "She even recommended I put sunblock on my tits, which I'm totally glad she did because I never would have thought to do that."
Ashley's eyes bulged and she shook her head in disbelief. Courtney held out her hand.
"Come on, Ash," she said. "I can't do this without you. You're my best friend in the whole world. I need you to be there for me. Please?"
Ashley hesitated a beat, then took Courtney's hand and we all walked outside to the pool together.
The afternoon sun cast long shadows across the concrete, but plenty of sunshine still carried the warmth of Spring. Courtney played Spielberg for a few minutes, directing Kayla on what to do.
"Try not to cast any shadows on us, okay?" she requested, talking quickly. "And don't point the camera into the sun either. And I want to see lots of his dick going into my pussy, okay? And try to record his reactions too, whenever you can. Especially when I'm going down on him. Oh, and not too many shots of my face, okay? I look terrible on video. And definitely don't focus on my tummy. Ideally, it should be about sixty percent his dick inside me, twenty percent his face, and the other twenty percent some longer shots of the two of us together. And definitely get the kiss at the end."
Kayla looked at her for a long time and then waved her away. "I got this. You just worry about fucking that man's brains out, okay?"
Courtney exhaled a deep breath and squealed. "Okay! How's the battery level?"
"I got it!" Kayla shouted, and Courtney held up her hands and backed away. "Don't worry, Court," Kayla said. "You're going to do great."
"Thank you, Kiki." She blew her a bunch of kisses and came to collect me.
"Over here," she said, dragging me to the steps of the pool. "We'll start here. You'll be sitting on the edge of the pool and I'll be kneeling on the steps, sucking your cock, okay? Like, really going to town. Lots of drool and spit and everything. We'll both be dripping wet, and I think my tits are going to look great. Then we'll switch places and you'll go down on me for a long time. Like, really eat that pussy, okay?"
She dragged me to a lounger she'd positioned especially for the occasion. "This is where it'll happen. You'll carry me over here and lay me down. You can carry me, right?" she asked, anxiously.
I looked at her and flashed a confident smile. "Of course."
"Right? You're fucking buff, and I'm teeny, so it shouldn't be a problem. Anyway, you'll lay me down on the lounger here and then go down on me for a good while longer, tongue on my clit, fingers in my pussy and ass, the whole nine yards. I want to be really close to cumming. Then you'll pull my legs back and we're going to get this amazing closeup of your big cock going into my pussy for the first time. Then you'll fuck me to multiple orgasms, hopefully, and we'll do all the positions. You on top, me on top, doggy...yeah, you know what you're doing. Then, after a couple hours of that, when you're finally ready, you'll pull out and cum all over my tits."
She looked at me, her face flushed and a wide smile plastered on her red face. "What do you think?"
"I think it sounds perfect," I said. "Let's do it."
Courtney turned to Kayla and rolled her hand. "Alright, bitches! Let's do this! Everyone, quiet on set! And....action!"
Sixteen minutes later, I shot a load of cum onto Courtney's big tits and she wept with joy when she watched it again immediately after.