Our adventures in love continue -- My Territory Roadtrip II ...
All characters are still well over 18 years old and include just 'Rocket Man' and 'Sparkling Red' this time.
It's roadtrip time, in the Territory this time just to Sydney for an AO Weekend and a play via Wagga. After we pick up the Yiros at Cooma and heading across the Snowy Mountains 'I was just thinking that since we've got the Territory,' I said, 'and it has a really big back seat. Do you feel like a Powernap or a PowerRAP up at the next Roadstop?' In fact I invoke "The RAP Game" protocols I am that horny ...
I'm sure I could have played it off as a joke had she been uninterested but she just sat there for a moment as if contemplating what I'd said or trying to determine whether she'd heard me correctly. 'Sure, we're way ahead of schedule and you playing with my pussy while I'm driving is making me so horney for you?' she replied and we headed toward the next Rest Stop.
With us still having 500 miles to go, we knew it would be a quick stop! We each climbed into the back seat from opposite sides and slid across the seat to the middle. My arm went around her back while hers went around my neck as our lips came together. Since I had a free hand, as our tongues started to explore each other's mouths, I cupped one of her tits and fondled it through her blouse. My cock was stiffening as we were making out so I was pretty certain that her pussy would be getting wet, too. There was no doubt in my mind that we'd be doing more than just Powernapping, which was confirmed when her hand dropped to my lap and massaged my stiffening cock Mojo through my jeans. PowerRAP it is then...
I continued to fondle her tit and could feel that her nipple was as stiff as my cock. I didn't expose it, though, wanting to move things along a bit more quickly. I dropped my hand down and started to open her jeans. When I had them unbuttoned and unzipped, she slid down slightly to make it easier for me to slip my hand inside. I could feel the coarse texture of her bush through her panties as I ran my fingers over the outside of them and caressed her pussy through them. Once I slipped my hand into her panties and ran my fingers through her bush, I discovered that her pussy was incredibly hot and wet so, rather than try to bring her to an orgasm manually, I really wanted to taste those flowing juices.
I slipped my hand out of her panties then, after licking her flavour off of my finger, started to work her jeans down. She lifted her ass up off the seat to help me out and I ended up pushing both her jeans and panties down. I had her move toward the door and lean back against it as I slid her jeans and panties down, revealing her trim, brown bush. Her shoes came off easily and her jeans and panties followed so that she was naked from the waist down. I pushed her legs apart and lowered my head toward her pussy, admiring it as I drew closer. I ran my tongue along her slit, tasting her pungent juices and causing her to moan as she dropped her hands down to hold my head. I slurped at her pussy, my tongue not only running along her slit but over her clit as well. She was rocking her hips and moaning softly.
When I focused my tongue on her clit, I slipped a finger into her pussy then followed it with a second. While licking and sucking her clit, I was sliding my fingers in and out of her hot, wet pussy while she continued moaning. I was pleased not only that she was clearly enjoying my oral attentions but also for the opportunity to have my head between her thighs. She'd definitely become fabulous over the years and I'd had many savoury thoughts since I'd known her that I never expected to be acting on. Maybe that was where the proposition came from, my subconscious desire to be with her.
Despite my cock being almost painfully rigid and my desire to embed it inside her, I was relishing the opportunity to devour her pussy and was in no rush to finish. It wasn't as though I was not trying to make her come but my primary goal was to provide pleasure, which would ultimately lead to an orgasm. As long as it wasn't denying her an orgasm, I'd have been happy to eat her for as long as my tongue would hold out. The longer I was eating her, the more she was moaning and the faster she was moving her hips. She started to tense up a bit, arching her back and clamping her legs on my head, but I kept going, knowing that she was getting close. Right before she started coming, she suddenly went limp then started shaking. I continued to devour her pussy as she was coming, wanting to make sure she experienced as much pleasure as possible. Her orgasm appeared to be pretty intense and was definitely a long one. When she finally went still and quiet again, I raised my head and slipped my fingers from her pussy into my mouth to suck the juices off of them.
'Oh my God, that felt awesome,' she gasped. I was still staring at her pussy as she was recovering but decided it was time to free my cock so I started to open my jeans. She watched as I pushed them down along with my underwear and my cock sprang out, her eyes going wide. She sat up and reached for it as I pushed my jeans and underwear down to my ankles, stroking it as she got up on her knees. She quickly straddled me and guided it toward her pussy as I ran my hands over her bare ass. We both moaned as she lowered herself onto my rigid cock, her hot, wet pussy engulfing my full length. She sat there on my lap for a moment with it fully embedded inside her then brought her lips to mine as she started to slowly ride it. We went back to making out as I caressed her derriere while savouring the feel of her pussy sliding up and down my cock.
Recalling that I still hadn't gotten my hands on her bare tits, I ended up bringing my hands around and unbuttoning her blouse. Once it was open, I caressed her tits through her bra, feeling her stiff nipples pressing out, before undoing the front clasp. Her tits were not only perfect but her nipples were thick and hard so I was running my palms over them while caressing the soft, smooth flesh. She maintained a good, steady pace so we continued to make out while she rode me and I fondled her bare tits. When she did begin to gradually pick up the pace, I assumed it was because she was building toward an orgasm and that riding harder and faster was providing even more pleasure. I was fine with her riding me harder and faster, especially if it was feeling even better for her. It got to the point where continuing to make out became difficult, though, so she straightened up and I realized I'd be able to see her tits then. I pushed her blouse down her arms then did the same with her bra as I stared at her tits, bouncing slightly as she was riding me.
She was now completely naked in the back seat of her car, which didn't escape my notice and may have made my cock even harder. Maybe it was also the thrill of being completely naked as well as making love in the back seat but it seemed as though Sparkling Red continued to ride me even harder and faster. I started pushing up into her while watching her titties bouncing rather than continuing to fondle them. I did wonder whether my car was also bouncing up and down as she was riding me but it didn't feel like it, though it was amusing to envision it. Aside from the windows up front, we were protected from view by a fairly dark window tint but, if the car was bouncing, it wouldn't take a peek inside to determine what was probably going on. I did cast a quick glance past her toward the front of the car to confirm for myself that we weren't attracting a crowd with our activity. Despite being close to the entrance to the restaurant, it didn't appear that anyone was nearby.
She continued to ride me harder and faster, moaning more and louder, until she dropped down on my cock and just remained there. A moment later, she gasped and her body started shaking while she experienced another apparently highly-pleasurable orgasm. I continued to amuse myself with her tits while she was coming and while recovering once she'd finished. She sat on my cock catching her breath for a moment before kissing me passionately then climbing off of my cock. She remained kneeling on the seat and had me slide over toward the door a bit to give her some room. Taking my cock in her hand, she pumped it then lowered her head and engulfed it in her mouth. I moaned as she started sliding her lips up and down my rigid shaft while gently pumping the base. It was immediately apparent that she had some definite skill when it came to mouth massages so I appreciated the opportunity to enjoy her talents.
As I looked down to watch her massage Mojo and glanced to the side to see her ass sticking up in the air, I thought about grabbing my phone and taking some photos or video. Unfortunately, my phone was in the pocket of my jeans down near my ankles and I couldn't reach it. Of course that didn't ruin my enjoyment of an outstanding blowjob and I knew that, even without photos or video, I was never going to forget this moment. I cupped her dangling tit and watched my cock disappearing into her mouth as I enjoyed the building level of pleasure due to her oral skills. The only sounds were my occasional moan or muttered words of encouragement and the slurping sound of her mouth on my cock. I wasn't trying to hold back from coming to enjoy it longer but I didn't really need to, anyway, because Laura was using her skills to draw the pleasure out. Whether that was for my benefit or hers, I didn't know, but I suspect it was a combination. I was getting the impression that she was enjoying sucking my cock, which may have been because she never had before or because she just enjoyed fellatio in general.
As I felt my orgasm beginning to build due to the pleasurable feeling of her hot mouth, I was savouring the experience since I expected that it would be a one-time thing. My cock began to swell even more but she remained intent in you, not pausing or hesitating even slightly. The pleasure I was feeling was intense and I didn't want it to end but I couldn't have held back my orgasm at that point even if I'd wanted to. When I exploded into her mouth, I cried out loud enough that I might have been heard outside of the car and I didn't care. She swallowed my load and continued to suck me off as my spurting weakened until I was spent. Only when she was absolutely sure that I had nothing left did she let my cock fall from her mouth and raise her head. She sat beside me on the back seat, apparently in no rush to get dressed or leave.
'I can't believe we finally did this,' she said as I was admiring her naked body again.
'Oh?' I asked, 'Was I on your to-do list?'
'I've thought about what it might be like for a long time,' she replied, 'but I don't think I ever expected that it would actually happen.'
'Glad I wasn't the only one,' I confessed, 'and I would say that it surpassed my expectations -- so until the next stop -- Tally Ho.'
Disclaimer. This story was started using the plot originally by Irish Moss as rewritten by Sparkling Red as a "The RAP Game" scenario and THEN by Rocket Man after her Treality. Irish Moss probably wont even recognise it now, but it was brilliant for our purposes. Our Stories such as this piece were originally intended for our sole enjoyment and this is thought by some to be the highest form of honour in the use of source material / research - albeit with acknowledgements obviously! It was a great "The RAP Game" scenario in fact. Ohhh yeees thank you Irish Moss we owe you!