I don't know how others managed before cell phones and the internet.
To indulge in masturbation, but I found those to be keys to the kingdom.
It was the summer of my eighteenth year when I discovered it and shared it with my best friend, the bare embrace of this newly found world.
It started when I turned eighteen and my parents got me my first laptop with and I discovered passwords and privacy.
My parents would stay out of my room, always gave me my space that helped.
But with the privacy of my room and the ability to lock up my thoughts on this device, well temptation found me, big time.
I'm your average teenage boy, I guess, but a little on the androgynous bordering on the fem side. Slender body, longish straight blonde hair, long lashes, slender waist, and round hips and soft round bubble butt, muscular legs, small feet and large hands and slender fingers- the 'I-should-play-the-piano' kind. Small delicate ping-pong balls hanging down and a slender cut penis, small two inch when not aroused, aroused it's your average five to six inches.
It is amazing what gets put on the net. I stumbled upon this picture blog and oh my God! It was addictive. It was like a switch in my was turned on and it went from idle to 100 mph in a moment's notice, at that first glance of naked bodies. My loins heated up and almost exploded right then and there. I was in bed in my underwear and then those pictures of naked girls and boys set my heart racing. I was flushed and breathing heavy and felt like nothing I had ever felt down there. It was aching and wonderful. I just ripped off my tee shirt and friend my skin from the confines of its covering. I was a butterfly bursting out of its chrysalis and once freed I burst off and out. I thought I had died or pissed in my bed or something. It was hot and painfully wonderful. It took my breath away. My hand was covered in this white goop. I think I fainted. Anyway, for some unknown reason I decided I didn't want to leave any trace of what had happened, primal instinct for survival or something. I wasn't going to tell anyone, well by that I meant my folks. I just brought that still warm mess to my mouth and I touched it with my tongue and it was weird, but not awful, and I knew it was wrong and made me warm again between my legs as I lapped it up.
That was my first time.
I soon realized that I had cum.
I ate my own jizz, cum, boy juice, spunk and I guess I liked it.
I liked the feeling of being naked and doings something that I knew instinctively that it was private, personal, and forbidden. It was sex.
I had climaxed and nothing would ever be the same. I started to download pictures of those naked girls/women and boys/men and put them on my hard drive, so that my computer's background would have a rotating collection of all those naked and sexy images. All the while, I was playing with my penis, stroking it, masturbating. I was in heaven.
I think I came about two or three more times that night; each time eating my own juices. I felt warm, exhausted, and wonderful as I drifted off into the arms of Morpheus dreaming of naked girls and boys.
I kept my discovery a secret. I rushed home from school; my folks were both at work so I had the house to myself. It was warm in the house and once inside I did it. My heart was pounding with the idea of what I was about to do. I set my cell phone on the couch in the living room and I started to undress. My hands were shaking as I tried to undo my shoelaces. For some damn reason they wouldn't untie. They got stuck into knots and I thought I would be trapped there tied down forever. Finally, I freed myself and ripped off my shoes. Then I pulled off my socks and tossed them toward my shoes. My hand went to my belt and undid it, and then it was unbuttoning my 501's. As I undid each button, I felt like I was committing some sin or something. I was violating some rule and it felt good. I was feeling guilty and like I was doing something that I would be spanked if I was discovered. It was silly. I was eighteen and my parents had long ago stopped spanking me. But guilt was bred into me. I always was the good boy. This I knew was not being the good boy. When I finally undid each button and let go of my pants, it just hung onto my hips with a bit of the white of my underwear showing. I took a deep breath and then pushed my jeans down over my hips and they fell to the floor. I took a step and I was free of them.
I could feel the heat building in my belly and in my crotch. My penis was moving and I could feel it, like a living thing with a mind of its own, growing and wanting to be free. Would I do this? I knew a bit, high school sex ed classes and overhearing guys in the locker rooms. I was a good kid, the quiet kid and no one thought I heard anything or listened. No one paid attention when they talked about such stuff around me. I vaguely knew the words masturbation, jacking off, and jerking off. I had vague notions of sex, what this meant, what I felt in my penis, and what it meant that it was so hard and so hot. Was I really going to do this? My penis said yes. I closed my eyes, slipped my hands into my underwear, and then, pushed them down off my hips. They fell off and I felt my penis spring free and hang in the open air. I pulled off my tee shirt and tossed it aside.
There I was naked and free; looking at myself all bare and pale and with my at this moment, small penis and balls. I gathered up my clothes and carried them to my room, enjoying the feeling of being naughty, naked, and aroused. I liked that word and now I knew what it meant. Though I didn't yet know that word, but I felt it. I could see my little penis had grown and was still growing and had a glimmer of what that word aroused meant. I was definitely turned on.
I dumped my clothes on the floor and had a plan. I had hours before anyone would be home and I wanted to do this out in the open and exposed. I dug out an old almost forgotten container of sun tan lotion and headed for the living room. I stood before the glass doors looking out on the back yard. I was scared, nervous, excited, hard, and aroused. The green lawn looked soft and dazzling in the summer sunlight. I think my hands were shaking. My heart was pounding and that feeling of heat was starting between my legs. I opened the door to the back yard and took a step out into the open air.
I just stood there naked and exposed. I wasn't quite sure how private the backyard was. But that was the point. There were bushes, trees, and a fence between our house and our neighbors. But could they see through that? Could my best friend see down into our yard. I wasn't sure. His bedroom was up there, overlooking a part of the backyard but I really wasn't sure which part. I never had to figure that out. His parents were not home either. I laid myself onto the soft grass. I closed my eyes and felt the warm sun on my bare skin and the cushion of the grass against my bare skin as well. It felt so wrong and so wonderfully good. I was naked and exposed to the world with my penis getting harder and hotter and now was this stiff solid thing pointing straight toward my chin.
I just laid there feeling...hot and turned on. I was about to do it, to reach down and touch myself when I heard my phone ring.
Damn!
I was in a panic. I was caught. I was seen. I was discovered. With each ring of my phone, I imagined it was my parents or the cops or someone telling me I was some kind of pervert for exposing myself to them or something.
I finally get up, walk toward that insistent ringing back in the house, and pick it up.
I see it is Jonathan who is calling me. I answer the phone and walk back outside following my hard on that is pointing the way.
"Hi." I say trying to speak. I feel like it takes an effort to do this I'm so nervous and turned on.
"Hi yourself. Doing anything?"
I step back outside all naked exposing myself to whoever could see into our back yard. I want to be seen.
"Ah...no." I said as I touched my soft, smooth, hanging ball sack.
"Want to come over?"
"Ah...not today." My penis twitches at the thought of having to cover up. I lay back down on the lawn, allowing the sun and the grass to caress my bare skin.
"Okay. Can I come over?"
Yes! My mind screams yes I want him to see me like this. "Ahh...no. I just feel kind of funny and think I need..." my hand on its own wanders down my bare skin and finds its way to my penis. A finger touches my soft hardness and I shudder. "Need to just rest and hang out." My hand grips my penis tightly. It pulses in my hand. I can feel my heart beat in the veins that run along my hot shaft.
"Okay. I guess. It's good to just hang out sometime."
"Yeah. Just relaxing and hanging out."
"All alone. Quiet and by yourself. With no one around."
"Yeah." My hand squeezes my penis and then slowly travels up along the shaft touching my head and then sliding back down to the base. Oh God!
"Did you say something?"
"Ahhhh...no." I Didn't mean to, did I?
"You seem kind of busy, just hanging out by yourself. You okay?"
Ohhhhhh...my hand starts going up and down my hard penis. This must be what jacking off is like. "I'm okay...just trying...to relax...have some time to myself...alone..." I try not to moan. I can feel something boil within me I am losing control of myself. I feel this need and my body is like possessed my hands have their own ideas as it beats my hard prick.
"You know, we've known each other since we were kids. We practically are brothers."
"Ahhh...yeah." I can't believe that the first time I'm naked and laying out in the back yard jerking off I'm talking on the phone. Oh God...
"You can tell me anything, you know that. I would keep it secret from everyone. I would do that just for you. I wanted you to know that. Do you believe me?"
Ahhhh...I'm so close...I can feel it happening again. Like the first time I exploded. That time it was an accident. This time I'm doing my best to make it happen. "I...I do believe you. I trust you." Part of me wants him to get off the phone. Another part wants to be caught. To be seen; to have someone know that I am doing something nasty and naughty. I want to just beat my...my...meat and explode. Meat, that word for my penis...its dirty and right. I'm so close...soooo close. I can't say anything. I hope my heavy breathing doesn't give me away or hope it does.
"I just wanted you to know your secrets are safe with me. I...like you David."
Oh God...oh God...I feel this fire in my balls and my meat is on fire as well...I think it's going to happen...right now! I feel a liquid bursting out and exploding out of me. I feel the hot release of wetness shot forth and land on my stomach, then another burst of hot joy. "Ohhhh God," I moan. Oh God I hope I just whispered that. Ahhhhhhh one final burst of goo and then my body collapses.
"You okay David?"
Oh yeah. I'm feeling so fine. "Yeah," I manage to croak out. "Just need to relax for a bit."
"It's funny but I never really thought about it."
I just lay there with this goo melting on my bare skin. I don't want to move. I just want to bask in the sun and this feeling, this after glow. I started to gather the messy goo up and bring it to my mouth; I started to once again lick up my own cum.
"You look at something," Jonathan says. "And you don't really think much of it. But there it is. It's a nice warm day and I like it when the breeze comes in through the window. Always did. We are so lucky to be best buds and live right next to each other like we do. It's like we were meant to be together. To share stuff. I can look out of my window and well see things. Do you understand?"
I finished gathering up all my juices and swallowing the last drop. What is he getting at?
"It's okay, cause no one else can see anything. Plus no one else is around as far as I can tell at the end of our cul-de-sac. Mostly everyone is off at work and stuff. Just me and you. Sharing this time together."
What is he saying?
"Yeah. That was amazing. That was the most amazing thing I have ever seen. I swear I'll never tell anyone."
"Tell anyone what?"
"What I saw."
"What did you see?" Fear gripped me tight, almost as tight as my hand around my semi-hard penis. How? Could he?
"I can see you from my window. No one else can, but I did. Your body is so nice. So firm and you're so...handsome."
"You...you really can see me here?"
"Yes."
"What...did you? How much did you?"
"Everything. Can I come over. Please, let me come over. I promise to be good."
"After seeing what you saw you want to come over?"
"Yes. Please."
"You don't think badly of me? Don't thing I'm sick or anything?"
"No. Please. Let me come over."
"Okay. I guess I need to put something on..."
"No. Don't. Stay that way. I'll come around the back. Be right there."
I didn't know what to say. The phone went quiet and I just lay back in the warmth of the sun basking in the joy of being naked.
My eyes were close when I heard the fence open and shut. I opened then up and saw him softly walk toward me. What I saw made my penis and balls get that warm feeling all over again. Jonathan was bare foot and oh my God, he has pink polished toenails! What the Hell. Pink toenails? And he's just wearing only a white crop top tee shirt, so his chest is bare and exposed below his rib cage, looking kind of girly. Besides being my best friend, he was like my mirror image. Where I was pale and straight blonde, he was slightly darker tanned skin with curly brown hair, dark intense green eyes, his body was like mine, kind of shapely, same hips and soft flesh, and I saw his balls hanging down and his six inches were sticking straight out as if leading the way.
"I promise I won't tell a living soul about any of this, if you don't, deal?"
"Sure. Deal."
"Can I touch you?"
Oh my God. Is this for real? Did he just say that? "I guess...if you want to."
"You look so soft and pale and, well, beautiful, laying here all naked in the sun. Let me put some lotion on to protect your skin."
I keep my eyes shut and just let him. He obviously saw me jack off and everything. Was he doing it at the same time? Perhaps. I think I wanted someone to see me, to witness what I was doing. I'm glad he saw.
"My hands might be cold to the touch but I'm sure they will warm up."
I feel his slick hands on my bare chest, spreading the lotion onto my warm skin. He rubs the lotion into my skin and feels so nice. He works his way across my upper chest carefully coating my flesh with the lotion. His hands feel so good on my skin.
"Your skin feels so soft and warm, so nice. Just keep your eyes closed and let me take care of everything. Just lay back and enjoy."
I will. I want him to touch me, to feel me. I'm glad he's here with me to see my naked and to touch my naked body. He carefully covers my arms with the lotion and even gets each finger coated with the lotion. He is enjoying this as much as I. He is caressing my bare skin as he anoints my flesh with the lotion. His hand travel down my chest and I want him to touch me...to touch me there. But he doesn't. He gets so close to me and then turns away. I can feel myself waking up, rising up and getting hot and hard again. He must notice this. But he keeps his hands away from me. He puts lotion on my thighs and gets real close to my hanging sack but still he avoids it.
"Please," I whisper begging. "Touch me there. Please.
But no, he stays away. I can hear him breathing deeply he sounds odd and his hands tremble a little bit. I think I hear a moan. Is it me or him?
"Jonathan please touch my penis. Please."
But he doesn't, he finally finishes doing my legs and feet.
Now there is only one place on my body that hasn't been covered in the lotion. Yes!
Now I feel warm white lotion dripping over the head of my penis and then along the hardness of my shaft. As if pours over my penis it twitches in an achy sort of way. Needing, wanting to be touched. This time I know it is me who is moaning.
"Can I?" Jonathan asks softly.
"Please...please, yes."
Then I feel his fingertips gliding along my firm flesh, just the barest of touches, and my erection trembles at his touch. He glides along my hardness and my balls churn.
I moan again.
He finally wraps his hand around me and I moan and shudder at the touch.
"You're both so hard and so soft."
He glides his hand up and down ever so slowly the length of my erection. It is exquisite pleasure.
"I saw what you did to yourself. You were so hot. You are so hot. I wanted to be the one doing that and now, here I am."
"Yes. Please."
He strokes my penis and I am in heaven. I can feel my heart pound, my pulse in my penis pound and my balls boil. I am so hard and so ready.
"I'm going to..."
Then he let's go. What! No. I want to...please.
He lets my hard penis twitch, throb, and just be so close to boiling over.
We both hold our breaths as my throbbing member slowly calms down and remarkably becomes this soft small thing again.
That's when I feel his touch and he begins to take my small softness between his firm fingers and work me.
He brings me back. I'm getting hard again, there is more of me to grasp and he does and he works my flesh again bringing me close to that boiling over point.
"Ohhhhh...yes..."
Then he stops.
My body sags with frustration. And I can feel his eyes intently watching me, feel his hands roaming across my thighs as he waits for me to get soft again. I can't get completely soft, just semi. He then takes my elongated member and begins to play with it between his fingers, like he was rolling dough. I get hard again and hot.
"Oh...please...this time...do it...this time..."
He laughs a bit as he teases my erect slick hardness. I am his to control.
Finally I feel that boiling point...that sensation...my body squirms with anticipation...I am so close...he is relentless in his calm and careful strokes.
"Ohhhhhhhhhh...ARRRRGHH!" I explode! I cum shooting a bolt of hot goo that splatters onto my naked belly.
He pounds my hardness and I burst forth with another shot of hot juice splattering and forming a wet hot lake in my navel. He pounds my penis till I shoot off one last load.
Then I lay back exhausted, hot and sweaty and drifting in the aftermath.
Then, he leans into me and brings his mouth to my belly and I feel his wet tongue lapping up my juices. I watch as he intently and deliberately lick up every drop of my cum.
"Roll over," Jonathan says.
I turn over and semi hardness is trapped by the weight of my naked body.
"Such a nice looking body..." Jonathan says as one hand fondles my bare butt.
Then I hear him squeeze out some lotion but don't feel any yet on my skin. Then I hear him grunt softly and I hear that now familiar sound of slapping balls. He's doing it.
He moans and grunts as he masturbates straddling me.
"Uhhhhh...arrrrr...ummmmm...yess...nice...buttt...uhhhhhh...oh yeah...oh yeah...OH YEAH!!"
I feel his juices spurt out and land on my bare ass. Dripping into the crevice formed by my butt cheeks. Then another groan and another splat of boy sex juice spreads out upon my bare butt cheeks.
"Ohhhh...such a beautiful sight," Jonathan moans with satisfaction.
I feel his juice melting in the sunlight, oozing along, down my cheeks, and into the valley of my butt.
Then I feel the wetness of his tongue on my flesh as he begins to lick up his jizz and clean my bare butt.
"Yummmm." He says as he licks up his oozing mess off my bare buttocks.
I can feel my penis struggling to get hard underneath my weight, as I lay naked on my stomach. I hear the sound of the lotion being squeezed into his hands and then feel it spread onto my bare back. He proceeds to coat my naked flesh with the lotion as he fondles and massages my body. It feels great and I give myself to the warm sun and to him as he enjoys my nudity of my flesh. His hands going wherever they wish. I spread my legs wide to give him access to any and all places. He takes advantage of that and he coaxes my balls and penis out from underneath me, and coats them once again, he enjoys my butt, its valley, cheeks, and my privatives, that naughty hole that he probes.
I think I feel asleep. His touch and the warmth of the sun were hypnotic and I drifted deeply into the arms of Morpheus. I was awakened by the grunts, slapping of slick penis and balls that had shoot off a mass of goop unto my bare ass, yet again.
"Uhhhhh!" Jonathan groans with satisfaction as he releases another spurt of jizz onto my bare ass. "I couldn't help myself...I kept touching and looking at your naked body and it just came over me. Don't worry; I'll clean you up in a minute or two."
I wait as he admires his artistry, feeling the jizz melt and ooze over my flesh and seep into my crevasses. Finally, I can feel his wet tongue on my bare flesh as he makes a meal of the cum he shoot all over my ass.
I can tell he is enjoying himself. When he finally finishes lapping up the last drop of his jizz from between my ass cheeks, he squeezes them as says, "Roll over."
I do so and then he lunges at my erection that springs up no free from being held down.
He glides his palm along my shaft and he presses it down against my belly, my throbbing vein is rubbing against his palm. He does this one hand after the other, starting at my boiling balls and traveling the full length of my hard shaft to flip off my cut head as the other begins its journey. I squirm and moan underneath his efforts.
"Oh Jonathan...ohhhhhhhh...I...I...ohhhhhhh..."
He is relentless in his efforts and I can't contain myself.
"Oh GOD!" I burst forth, eyes squeezed so tight I think I see flashes of light as my penis sends forth my thick seed.
Finally, the agony of pleasure ends and my penis begins to go flaccid, exhausted, and spent.
Jonathan's tongue is there to gather up my hot spunk. I just lay there a mess of emotions as exhausted as my shriveled up penis.
"You best get up and go take a shower. Wash the scent of the lotion off your bare skin. We wouldn't want your parents to have any idea what we have been doing. Web cam me tonight?"
Then he leaves.