Candi prowled the Fitness Center in her purple G-string bikini. With every step she heard whispers abound about her near perfect body. Especially her tight heart shaped ass that her G-string's strand vanished within. To the onlooker it was bare ass all the way. Just how she wanted to be presented. The more feedback she heard the better.
The days were getting longer and the gym members were coming out of the woodwork. Some of them older members who during a single visit after months away were suddenly there three to four days a week now. She loved it. Often on her tours of the gym she would welcome them back. Each time examining their reaction toward her boldness. As surmised, not one negative comment came out of any of them. She would go so far as to make sure her Employer's Earl and Mark knew exactly how the clientele felt about her.
Today, she restrained herself somewhat. After her stage show at Pony's Express turning into a full fledged porno she needed to lick her wounds. After all, out of 300 people in the nightclub she either tasted or felt well over 100 men inside her holes. As fun as it was that day, it would haunt her for weeks to come. Not due to the sex or their aggressive nature, but of seeing her very own Father watching her fuck every guy in sight.
Luckily for her Pony made her wear a leather mask and cats eye contact lenses. Even after losing her disguise during the show that maintained her identity. Still, there was no possible way to avoid her Father and his reluctant sexual experience. She knew very well that her Uncle and her Dad's Business Partner egged him on until he unknowingly forced her to seduce him orally. His own flesh and blood. The images in her head made her nauseous. She still recalled looking directly into her Father's eyes mere feet from his face. For a split second she could tell that her Father found something familiar in her. She prayed that it was just her own stressed imagination.
Regardless of the travesty, she accepted her situation and fulfilled her commitment to Pony, and got some magnificent footage for her husband Damian. As a tear formed she shook it off quickly. With a shiver she whispered, "Water under the bridge. I did what was necessary. Damian will be proud of me. I know it!"
So lost in thought Candi barely felt two powerful hands grip her shoulders from behind. Pausing to enjoy their strength she closed her eyes and allowed the hands to massage her. After a few moments of adoration she tilts her head back to see, "Dave! Well hello stranger. Long time no see."
Dave Tremont was the Brother-in-law of Eddie Bennet. The two of them had worked out together two weeks back as a guest to Eddie.
He releases his grip giving her the opportunity to turn around and face him. She then melted into a tight hug that made him aroused instantly. She clung so closely to him that she could feel his manhood's twitch. She winces and puckers up at him, "That was fast. So, do you still have that cell photo I had Eddie send you?"
He smirks, "No way am I deleting that pic. Yes indeed!"
She giggles lightly, "Good! I hope that has kept you warm at night while getting over your Big D." He knew she meant his divorce.
"Hell, I made a poster out of that pic and hid it from my sister inside my closet door. Needless to say that door's wide open at night as I lay in bed."
She grins sheepishly and lowers her left hand down to grip his bulging erection behind his pair of sweatpants. Looking up at him she jerks at it while pondering, "Did you do this a lot?"
He blushes and looks around at any onlookers. Quite a few men saw her maneuver. It made him slightly uneasy. "Couple times a day if you must know. I think we have an audience."
She shrugs while continuing to pinch his cock through the cloth gently stroking it. "Do you truly care right at this moment, Mister?"
He grits his teeth sighing, "Guess not! Little bold for my tastes. I suppose I'm not used to this kind of thing so publicly. You're certainly not shy."
She only shakes her head negatively. "Should I stop, David?"
His brain said yes, his cock said no. He couldn't even form words let alone a decision.
Biting her lower lip she moves her hand up from his erection to slide it beneath his t-shirt, then eagerly slipped her fingers under his sweats and underwear. Now she literally palmed his flesh. His cock raged into a sturdy rock. Before he could even think he had to inhale at her touch.
"My! Somebody is glad I did that."
Tortured by his predicament he swallows hoarsely and looks around him. He noted numerous grins and even a few thumbs up. That was encouraging he thought.
"You massaged my muscles. Now it's your turn."
"Ummm! Can't we get in trouble for this?"
She rolls her eyes, "Do you really think any man here doesn't want to be in your shoes right now? Shush and let it flow."
He had to close his eyes and tense up. As her strokes grew more intense it only took mere minutes to jizz all over her hand. Her eyes bulging at his grunts she uses her other hand to pull his sweats out to peer down at her grip. She then whispers, "He's so purple! Like my bikini."
He finally opens his eyes just as she pulls her cum soaked hand out to look at it. This made him queasy. Watching her nervously, she raised her sticky fingers up to wave it around the room in all directions. He could hear the members praising her bold nature.
She studied Dave's face as she put her fingers up to her mouth to begin licking his cum from her digits.
"Good God! You're too much."
She winks at him, "I don't recall asking you for money. I just paid you back for my massage. And, gave you sweet dreams for many nights to come."
Nodding he adjusts his swollen junk and tightens his sweats. "Gee! I guess after that my offer to go get a beer with you is lame."
"I'm free tomorrow night. See? I'm not too much after all."
Dave chuckles, "Meet me at "CanTINA's tomorrow night at 8:00?"
"I'll be there. Any preference as to what I wear?"
"Do you own a dress?"
"Dress? But, of course. I am a Lady after all." she giggles, "Yea! Yea!"
He stares at her speechless until, "Well, I guess I had my workout for the day. I'm heading home. Thanks for the greeting." He turns to walk away then points back at her. "Don't be late."
As Dave disappeared Candi picked up a towel from a weight bench and dried her hand. Then, gazing around her she belts out, "DON"T FORGET MY MASSAGE PARLOR HAS IT'S GRAND OPENING NEXT MONDAY. BETTER BOOK YOUR SESSION BEFORE IT FILLS UP."
Earl Sterling, her elderly boss opened his office door at the commotion. He spotted Candi in her purple bikini and grimaced. Before he could yell she frowned, "I know, I know! In your office, NOW!"
She shuffled barefoot across the gym and stopped in front of the grumpy 59 year old. She then turned around to face the members, "THE SCHEDULING BOOK IS AT THE FRONT COUNTER! THE FIRST THREE CUSTOMERS GETS THE BEST MASSAGE I'VE EVER GIVEN."
Earl watches their reaction with gritted dentures. To his shock over half the members raced toward the front. His jaw dropped out of awe. In his surprise he feels Candi place her hand on his chest, patting it, "Can't you just see that mountain of money? Come on Earl. Let's get this over with. Before Mark comes in from outside."
Stepping into Earl's office she plopped down into his recliner and kicked back. As he followed her in he snarled, "That's my seat."
She sprawled out flamboyantly expressing her body in a defiant freedom. Sticking her tongue out at him she caresses her chest and mutters, "Sorry to inform you but I have the best seat in the house. As you well know."
Earl scoffs at her sarcasm, "Y'know Palmer, you're getting a big head on those shoulders of yours."
She rolls her eyes, "Get real, Earl. I've seen your head. Promises, promises!"
He merely stares her down before shaking his head, "I've lost interest. Get your ass back to work. And, try to behave."
She hops up out of his recliner delighted by his denial of her. She truly didn't feel in the mood for Earl's perversions. She at least for today had a much desired raincheck.
Standing before him she pouts falsely for his benefit. On her tiptoes she pecks him on the cheek and steps to the door. Her back to him she pivots her torso and pats her ass cheek, "Best seat in the house. Don't even try to deny that. I'm going to go misbehave now. Bye, Earl."
He felt defeated. He didn't have the fire to fight her today.
Moving back into the busy gym she strolled with her hands held by the wrist behind her back. She knew by tightening up that her Tit's were bulging in her tiny bikini top. Humming sweetly she makes her rounds winking and sticking her tongue out at the attentive male members. There were only two other females in the house. Lesbians at that. Partners to be precise. They were faithful to each other and enjoyed Candi's show just as much as the men.
To the far west corner of the gym huddled three male members chatting amongst themselves and eying her casually. Her curiosity overcame her and she shuffled slowly in their direction. "Morning Guys. Barry I know." She winces in thought, "Tom? Gordon?"
"Good memory." admires Barry Sullivan, concurred by nodding at the behest of Tom Abrams and Gordon Levine.
"Beauty and brains. Complete package wouldn't you boys say?" she bragged.
"Indeed, indeed! That was some show earlier. Mighty brave of you. My question is just how do you get away with that kind of exhibition?" queried Gordon.
"It's easy. See?" She smiles mischievously as she peels her bikini top down to reveal her bulging tits. Her nipples hard from the sheer joy of expressing herself.
All eyes drifted down to view her as they nodded their approval. "My, my, my! Those are dangerous." Tom hisses faking as if he were going to squeeze them. He stops in jest, uncertain of her intent. As he does she rolls her eyes, "Stop teasing me or I'll stop teasing you."
Tom raises his eye brows and glances between her and his two friends. With a sigh he reaches out and clutches both of her breasts and jiggles them. "Oh those feel nice. Guys? You should really give these puppies a squeeze. Nothing fake about these."
He lets go allowing Barry and Gordon to claim one breast each. To their delight she lets out a gentle moan. "Such strong hands."
Tom chuckles, "Looked like you had a nice strong grip yourself earlier. That guy nearly fainted."
"That would have been embarrassing." She frowns, "Have you boys signed up for my massage parlor's Grand Opening?"
Tom shakes his head, "Not yet! But I bet your Grand Opening is one beautiful sight to behold."
She shivers as Barry and Gordon release her tits. Covering them back up she smiles warmly at Tom. "All of my openings are grand. You three need to sign up."
Barry rubs his chin, "Do we get what that guy got earlier?"
She stares wide eyed and contemplates, "Most likely, only with warm oils to help things along."
Gordon folds his arms and narrows his eyes, "I don't recall you ever being this bold. I like this change in you. Will you get naked for me during a session?"
"Gordy? I just showed you my tits. Do you really need to ask?"
He fidgets, "Well yeah! Do I get to touch you anywhere in our session?"
Again she rolls her eyes, "You just squeezed my tit. Did you witness me slapping your hand away?"
He shakes his head feeling stupid. "You know what I mean. Anywhere other than the tit?"
She ignores everything around her and steps directly up to Gordon who lets his arms drop. She turns around pressing her back directly in contact with his front. She bends over touching her toes allowing her bare ass to nestle against his crotch. He found the courage to let his hands rub her ass cheeks while looking around the room for onlookers. His fingers tugged the string between her ass cheeks and pries it outward to view her anal cavity. He huffs and exhales at Barry and Tom as they lean inwardly to catch a glimpse of their own.
Tom chuckles and licks his left hands middle finger and slyly reaches in to caress her cavity. She jumps at his touch, shivering, but doesn't straighten up.
Finally, she stands up and presses herself further into Gordy's embrace. He wraps his arms around her and lays his chin into her blond hair. Her right hand stretches behind her to palm his cheek.
"Any more questions, Gordy?"
"Yeah. Can I fuck you out in my car in five minutes?"
She giggles, "Fuck me? In our session perhaps. Not in your car, and not today. But, yes. I'll fuck you, Gordy."
She peels away from Gordon and moves to Tom slipping into his hesitant arms. She then looks up at him with her chin pressed into his chest. "What about you? Do you desire to fuck me or just finger my ass?"
He turns red slightly, "Both!"
She blows him a kiss, "Good answer."
Candi then slips away into Barry's arms, "And, you my handsome Knight?"
"Polish my Lance I might just joust with you."
"So shiny you can see yourself. Absolutely."
All in agreement she winks at them as she hears her boss Mark and the carpenter Craig talking behind them. Eying her actions Mark grimaces. Craig merely smirked and tried not to notice.
As Mark continued to eye her Candi defied his gaze and pulled Barry's arms around to encompass her front. His left hand was placed on her left breast and his right hand was carefully guided down to her lower belly. His fingers barely dipped below her bikini's clothe.
Mark shakes his head and moves away toward his office. He like his Father felt defeated by her.
Twenty feet away the two Lesbian lovers both whistled and clapped at her bravado.
Their cheering brought on even more encouragement from the other members. Not a single member looked away.
Candi felt her adrenalin spike and steps away from Barry's fondling hands. She took three steps away then turned around to face the trio of men. She then began dancing erotically in front of everyone. Blowing kisses at the men she moves about the members starting with the lesbians and kisses both of their cheeks for their applause. She then glided between one member after another until she had kissed them all on the cheek.
Her journey ended at the middle of the floor where she had started. Continuing her dance she teased them by untying her bikini top and letting the strands dangle.
Utilizing her right forearm to cover her chest cups she moves the fingers of her left hand down to untether the bow to her bikini bottoms. As the strings fell her bottom peeled gently aside revealing her tanned hip and inner thigh.
The members grew louder in their praise forcing both Mark and his Father Earl to vacate their office to bare witness to her unveiling.
They no more than stepped into view than her bikini top was flung aside leaving her topless. She jiggled her tits from side to side. Finally noticing Mark and Earl she pointed at them while lowering her face to look over her brow mischievously.
Before Mark could take a step she pinched her bottoms final string and yanks the bottoms off of her body. She tossed them over at the Lesbians.
Mark barged over to her and grabbed her by the wrist forcibly dragging her toward his office. He could hear the crowd booing his roughness. He didn't care. Before Earl could follow him inside Mark slammed his door and locked it.
He then whirled around and threw her against his door pinning her to it. His face was full of fury. So mad that he found it hard to even speak. For the very first time Candi feared Mark.
She pouted and kept quiet in hopes he would calm down. Outside she could still hear them talking about her boldness. All good! If she could hear it then Mark could hear it.
Finally, Mark lunged in and kissed her hard on the lips. She was stunned by his decision. At first she hesitated then swiftly melted into his furious passion. His kisses stormed over her neck and shoulders. She knew that sooner or later Mark would break. His resistance was lingering for far too long. She gasped and whispered, "About damned time."
Suddenly, without warning he stopped and pulled her away from the door unlocking it and yanking it open. He again drug her by the wrist back into the center of the gym and awaited until the members quieted down. He twists her around and pulls her back to his chest gripping her by the throat. All the while Earl stood wide eyed by his son's madness.
"I need to know. Is there anyone here appalled by this woman's actions? Please show your hands if you are offended."
He immediately heard a roar of "HELL NO!" as he scanned about toward every single face.
Candi stood expressionless within Mark's grip.
Easing up Mark turned her to face him and eyed her without blinking. He growls, "Fine! Greet your fans properly. We'll discuss this after your shift is over."
Released, Mark steps away and looks around fanning his arms, "I apologize for my actions. You all know what this kind of activity could do to my Dad and Me. I'm letting this happen on the condition that nobody rats us out. Enjoy!"
He ignores Earl's growls and returns to his office. Earl stood speechless for a moment then he too vanishes.
Candi stood emotionless for a moment to let everything sink in. Then a smile crept across her face. A moment to breath. Then, bouncing vividly in step followed by a loud shrill squeal she belts out, "YESSSSSSSSSSSS! I love you guys."
The remainder of her shift would prove bonding. Member after member admired her zest and praised her for her openness. Not one member issued an objection.
Earl in his office scratched his head, "What was the world coming to?" Then, he chuckled, "To work out at my gym."
At shift's end Candi put her bikini on as assisted by her co-worker Rodney Larsen. Rodney looked her in the eyes and grit his teeth, "Man-o-man! That was amazing."
She nods smiling brightly, "God, I'm so horny after all that attention and no sex."
He raises an eyebrow, "I guess I could..." He was then cut off by his cellphone ringing. Swiftly pulling it from his shirt pocket he groans, "My sister Rhea. Hold that thought."
She pats his arm, "You go ahead and talk to her. I need to talk with Mark before I leave."
Separating Rodney heads to the lobby while Candi swallows hoarsely and makes her way to Mark's office. Knocking on his door she eases it open to peek inside. Mark sat in his swivel chair facing the door with his head looking down at the floor.
She eased in and closed the door softly before turning and holding her wrist in front of her. "You wanted to talk before I headed home?"
He sighs heavily, "Looks like you won. Amazing as it is the members love what you're doing. My question is, how long before the wrong person blabs and the cops come a calling."
She fidgets, "Ummm! Unless it's the State Police I think I can wiggle out of that one. Thanks to Damian." She notes his saddened features and cautiously decides to kneel down in front of him. He looks away.
Candi placed her left hand on his right hand which resided in his lap. She then reached out to claim his left hand dangling off the edge of his desk. One in possession she guides the hand to her throat and attempts to tighten his fingers around her.
"I know you liked how this went earlier. I could feel it in your kiss."
He swiftly yanks both of his hands out of her reach and folds them in front of his chest.
"Yeah! About that. Shouldn't have happened." He deeply clears his throat, "Look Candi, I love Lisa. We're just having some intimacy issues right now. Both of us are having troubles explaining what the problem is. I know she loves me but she's struggling to explain herself. So am I." He almost forms a tear.
Candi pouts feeling his emotions tug at her. She recalls all of the soul searching she had been forced to realize while Damian was changing her life.
He rubs his eye and shakes it off, "Between our problems and dealing with the gym, Dad fucking you, how I have to keep that from my Mom, and you terrorizing the town, I'm stretched in all directions." He sits idle for a moment and then chuckles, "Oh, this topped the cake. The Mayor himself called me to make an appointment Monday. He wants to be the first customer to get a massage." He leans forward, "You CANNOT be this open toward the Mayor. I'm going to draw the line. Am I understood?"
She fidgets, "I'll wear a sweat suit. Bikini underneath. Wow! The Mayor. Okay. I can do this. You have my word."
Mark nods, "Thank you! I think I'll give Rodney a raise and appoint him as the Doorman. He can keep a constant lookout for incoming members and non-members. It's the only safe way I can let you continue this nudity thing. I'll talk with Dad and calm him down."
She smiles warmly, "Mark? We both know you love seeing me naked. We both know I make you hard. And, there is no way that Damian has not told you to fuck me silly."
He clamps a hand over her mouth, "Stop! Yes to all of those. But, I want to remain faithful to Lisa. It's just me. So, please chill out on the seducing idea. Faithfulness is important to me. Unlike other members of my family."
She nods silently. With a deep exhale she stands up. She had briefly been reminded of her own Father's actions. She needed to talk to Damian soon.
Mark shares a thoughtful glare with Candi, then flutters his hand for her to go.
"Get on home. Tomorrow is another day."
Candi smirks, "About tomorrow! I was thinking of masturbating for the members. Any complaints?"
Mark lowers his head and pinches the bridge of his nose. "Like Dad and I have said, one negative complaint and you're going to stop all this. Before we get closed down. Understood?"
She smiles in the threshold of his opened door, "So, that is a Yes bring your dildo?"
He shakes his head forced to form a smile.
"Leave the dildo at home. Just use your fingers until the time is right."
She giggles in response, "Dildo it is!"
As she darts out he again pinched his nose, "How in the hell did I let Damian Palmer talk me into all of this?"
As Candi walked through the gym she overheard Rodney snapping. She sprinted the last few steps to round the corner into the lobby. She noted Rodney looking out the front door with his cell to his ear.
"No I'm NOT GAY! Dammit Rhea. I have a girlfriend. Yes a real flesh and blood girlfriend. No I'm positive that she isn't a blowup doll. You'll meet her when I want you to meet her. Stop pushing me. Go jerk off your boyfriend or something. But, leave me the fuck alone about my social life."
Candi frowns then has a brilliant moment. She tiptoes up behind Rodney and plants her arms around his waist. He loses his train of thought just as Candi enters the conversation. She reaches up and grabs Rodney's cellphone and steps away.
"Hello? Who is this? You had better not be trying to steal my man or I'll kick your ass. His sister? Ohhhhhhhhhhhh, Rhea! Shit! I'm sorry. I've heard a lot about you." She rolls her eyes, "Well, yeah. He does say you're a bitch fairly often. You should try treating your brother better. He is so sweet."
Rhea's next words force Candi to drop her jaw and narrow her eyes, "You don't even know your own brother. He is most certainly not gay and I can vouch for him that he's not a virgin. Believe what you want. I'm real and I can prove it. Name the place and time."
Rodney holds his mouth amazed yet terrified by what was next.
"Rodney? Rhea wants us to join them at the movies this Friday. I'll make myself free if you want me to go. Sounds fun."
Rodney chokes out, "Fine! Anything you want Baby."
Candi frowns wincing at him, "Baby?" she silently motioned with her lips, "Be a MAN!"
He quickly gathers his courage and snatches his cell back, "Fine! We'll be there. Text me the movie times and what town the movies at. Yes you're a bitch. My girlfriend's name?"
Candi bites her lip for a moment, "I can't believe your sister doesn't even know my name at the very least." She in turn snatches his cell away yet again, " Hi Rhea. It's me again. For what it's worth my name is Candace. I'm sorry your brother feels the need to hide the fact I exist. We can have a long talk Friday night. Let's get Pizza before the movie. My treat. Maybe I can melt away the Bitchy heart Rodney seems to believe is impossible. Ok, here's Rodney."
He reclaims his cell dumbfounded then gathers his wits, "She is nice! I'm sorry I feel it necessary to keep secrets. I just know how the family is. You're all so critical of me because I like my privacy. Look, I have to close up. Candace says to tell you goodbye. So, bye!"
Swiftly he hangs up and glares at her.
"What the hell?"
Candi shifts seductively toward him and stands on her tiptoes to kiss him full on the lips. After warm moments she breaks away and pats him on the chest with both hands, "Don't look a gift horse in the mouth. I'm saving your ass. I'm not your girlfriend, only when it's necessary to role play. I am married after all. Let's put your sister in her place. Deal?"
He shakes his head in confusion, "Yea, okay! Deal."
She smirks, "Now practice on being a REAL MAN. Don't act so pussy whipped. Can the Baby stuff. Call me WENCH or something."
"How about we practice at your house. I'll take care of your needs."
She fans herself, "On one condition."
Shrugging he awaits her offer.
"You think about all of the pent up frustration you've had over the years and take it out on me."
He ponders the request, "That might get you killed."
"A Real MAN would prove his point without blood on his hands. If you kill me I can't humiliate Rhea for you. Right?"
"Shut up Wench!"
The night was young.