I've never been able to explain it. I've never really fully understood it myself, but for as long as I can remember, I've wanted to see you get fucked by another man.
I think we had been married for at least six years before I could ever buck up the courage to tell you about these fantasies. I don't know what I was so afraid of. I mean, it's you. My wife. I can tell you anything. And lucky me, when I finally did tell you, you really liked the idea.
That's how we ended up here, I suppose. In our neighbor's guest suite, me with my dick in my hand while you give our neighbor, Henry, a little striptease. I'm trying to stay in the moment, trying to focus on you, but I keep remembering all the times we've talked about this. You've been whispering in my ear after dinner that you wanted to fuck our waiter. Me telling you how badly I want to watch you give my personal trainer a blowjob while I fuck you. We've been flirting with the idea for so long that it's kind of hard to believe we're actually about to do it.
Henry's guest suite is separate from the main house. It's simple, just a king-sized bed with crisp white sheets and this leather couch against the back wall. The curtains are drawn, and the only light comes from a floor lamp behind me. We got really lucky with him. He's a good guy, someone I trust. I wouldn't say he flaunts his wealth necessarily, but the guy definitely has "big dick energy", which was one of the reasons why we approached him. He works out a lot and owns a boat. If I'm going to watch my wife get fucked by someone else, I want it to be by someone who can give her a good time.
I watch as you reach around to unzip the back of your dress. It slinks down your arms and over your hips and you drop it to the floor. Henry can't take his eyes off you.
"Fuck, yes," he groans.
I'm pulled back to the moment with your soft moan. You're wearing nothing but a little black G-string. You weren't wearing a bra underneath that dress you just slipped out of, and your breasts look incredible.
You beckon Henry to you with a mere hook of your finger.
"Come here."
Henry gets up off the bed and slowly makes his way towards you.
I drag my hand slowly up and down my shaft. I want to savor this, make it last. I try to slow my thoughts with each breath. Try to focus on the sensation of breath filling my lungs, just to keep myself from getting too excited.
He puts his arms around your waist and draws you into his hard, bare chest.
I shift slightly on the couch I'm sitting on to get a better view of your face. I want to see your expression while he plays with your tits and slips his hand between your legs.
You bite down on your lip as his hands grip your sides. I can see the outline of his cock against his boxers, getting bigger and thicker by the moment. Your eyes are glazed over, pupils blown.
You glance over at me, teasing me with a look that says 'watch this.'
He turns you around in his arms and slips a hand over your breast.
You tilt your head back as he presses his mouth against your neck.
His finger twists around your nipple. Fuck, the way your mouth hangs open. The way you grind your ass up against him. It's intoxication. I want you so fucking bad. I feel like I'm spying on you two as if this is a private moment I'm infringing on. For me, that makes it that much hotter.
"You like that, hm?" Henry murmurs against your ear.
"Fuck, yes. God, that feels good."
"You're so wet."
My cock twitches in my hand as I watch his fingers dip down beneath that tiny little g-string you're wearing. I wonder what it feels like for you. If his touches feel different from mine. You keep looking over at me, directing your soft moans toward me. I keep watching him. Watching you.
"You're impatient, aren't you?" Henry teases. "You want me to fuck you?"
"Yeah," you whisper. "Fuck, yeah, please."
Excitement bubbles in my stomach. God, I can't wait. I want to see you bent over the bed. I want to see you grip the sheets so hard your knuckles turn white. I want to hear you plead with him to fuck you harder, faster.
He runs his hands over your soft curves, admiring every inch of you.
"Yeah, you want me to fuck you?"
He twirls you around to face him again and walks you back to the bed.
You quickly get rid of your underwear and toss it toward me.
I can't help but laugh a little and I scrunch the g-string in my hand as I keep massaging my shaft. Oh my god, I love you.
He stands above you while you sit looking up at him with your teeth biting into your bottom lip.
You pull his boxers down and his dick springs out.
I stroke myself faster and harder. This is it. We're getting so close.
Henry reaches over you for one of the condoms on the bedside table.
He holds his cock at the base and lowers himself down onto his knees, tearing the packet open and rolling the condom down his cock.
His hands spread your thighs apart and he pushes his nose between your folds. He uses quick flicks of his tongue as his hands grip your ass and squeeze.
Your fingers curl into the bedspread and you tilt your head back and close your eyes. I can see your legs start to shake from here.
"Ohhh, fuck," Your mouth hangs open and you start to grab the sheets.
There's a particular way you like your clit to be touched. I wonder if he's doing it right. Based on your moans, I'd say he is.
You grip the top of his head, digging your fingers into his salt and pepper hair and holding him in position between your thighs. "That's it," you moan. "Fuck, yeah, that's it."
Your free hand tugs at your nipple, tweaking it around and squeezing it between your fingers.
My hips rock in tandem with my hand's movements. My other hand digs into the arm of the chair. The fabric of your g-string runs along my cock as I start to stroke faster.
Henry sits up and there's a wild look in his eyes like he can't wait a second longer. Like he has to have you right fucking now. Butterflies twirl around in my stomach. It's about to happen. He guides the tip of his cock between your legs and enters you.
You lie back onto your elbows as he thrusts into you, slow at first, then gaining speed and force.
His hands lift up your hips, holding your lower body up in the air to push his cock as far into you as he can.
"Ohhhh, god," a low growl rumbles out of Henry's throat. "Yeah, you feel fucking good."
A strange, almost possessive feeling stirs up in me at the sight of you two. It's not jealousy I feel, but a primal feeling of desire and desperation.
You push your hips into him and I think about the feeling of your pussy tightening around my cock when we fuck. My hand stroking my cock is suddenly moist with pre-cum.
"You like that?" Henry teases breathlessly. "Feel me deep in you?"
"Yeah--yeah!"
I run my palm over the tip of my dick, pumping harder and faster. I can't control it my hips, the pleasure's just too good. Fuck, I'm getting close.
Your moans are getting high-pitched and breathy like they do when you're getting ready to orgasm.
Your head turns to the side and your eyes pierce mine as his cock fucks you deep and hard. I imagine it's my dick between your legs instead of Henry's, sliding in and out of your warm, tight pussy. Imagine that it's me fucking you, me all covered in your juices.
Your thighs are really shaking now, and your eyes scrunch shut and then widen. Your breath quickens and you grab one of Henry's strong forearms.
"Touch my clit--"
He slips a hand between your legs and you grind hard on his fingers. Your head falls back on the bed. I can feel my whole body tightening.
"Fuck, fuck," I breathe.
Your desperate eyes are fixed on Henry.
"I'm going to cum! I'm going to cum!"
I stroke myself harder, faster, again and again.
Your body shakes and shivers as your climax courses through your body, your hips rocking in tandem with the waves of pleasure pulsing upwards from between your legs. Oh my god, you look incredible. I'm right behind you. So close.
It takes a moment to realize the guttural moan I hear is coming from me. My hips jerk uncontrollably and my entire body won't stop twitching. Ropes of cum release onto my stomach and over my knuckles, all the while Henry's growls permeate the air.
They grow louder until they crescendo, each pulse of his climax taking over in staccato, strong thrusts with every grunt. My chest rises and falls as I try to catch my breath. I can see a sheen of moisture on Henry's forehead, reflected by the lamp.
He pulls out of you and gets up to toss the condom in the trash.
I wipe myself off with one of the towels Henry laid out specially for the occasion and I get up, reclining on the bed next to you.
You look incredible, all stretched out, body tau,t and basking in the afterglow.
I run my hand up from your pussy to your neck.
"Fuck, that was..."
I can't even finish. I take a deep, exhausted breath.
You reach up and stroke over my stubble with your fingers.
"Yeah?" You smile. "You liked watching that, baby?"
"Yeah."
You guide me down to you and I press my lips against yours. You open your mouth and our tongues dance sleepily, then gradually becoming more urgent.
I lean into you, drawing my hands slowly down your ribcage, tracing patterns along your hips. I can feel my cock swelling up again already. When we finally part, your eyes are wild.
"I want you to fuck me now," you whisper against my lips.
Your hands loop around my neck and we both sit up. I can feel my thoughts slipping away and something more primitive taking over. All I know is need. Any trace of tiredness has left me completely.
You bend forward and take the soft tip of my dick into your mouth.
I gasp sharply through gritted teeth. "Oh, fuck, baby,"
You guide your mouth up and down my shaft and it starts to grow hard and thick again. Your cheeks, your tongue, all of it is so warm, so fucking good. God, you're so good at this. Your eyes are glassy and you look up at me with a look that says you're down for anything.
I turn you over, guiding you onto your hands and knees on Henry's guest bed. I can feel his presence somewhere behind us, maybe on the couch where I just was. I imagine he's watching us, just like I was, but I couldn't care less about him or anyone else in the world right now. All I want is you.
I give my cock another few strokes to make it as hard as possible.
I push your asscheeks open and clumsily find your back entrance with my dick.
You push your forehead into the white sheets as I enter you. Fuck, it's so good.
I try to steady myself, so you can grow accustomed to me. You'll still be sensitive from Henry, but everything in me wants to play on that. To overstimulate you into another shaking orgasm. God, you're so wet. So slick and easy to enter. Still coated in your own juices and lube from Henry's condom.
You back your ass up against my cock to push me in further. Fuck, yes.
I start to move, really move, and I reach around and press two fingers up against your clit. I know you love that feeling. Just a bit of pressure against it while you're getting fucked.
"Oh my god," you moan. "Oh my god, baby, right there! Fuck, yeah, yeah, keep--keep going!"
The sounds you make spur me on. I keep going, right exactly where you want it. Exactly where you need it.
"C-cum inside me, baby," you beg. Please, please--"
I pump harder into you, gripping your hips to ensure the base of my cock is flush with your entrance. I can't go any deeper. Seeing you like this, so desperate, so needy for me,
I press harder against your clit.
You bring your hand up and start working it with quick little swipes of your fingers.
"Oh, god, I'm going to cum, baby. I'm going to cum inside of you. Fuck, I'm gonna cum--!"
You squeeze tight around me as you rock hard against me, smothering your whines and whimpers into a pillow.
Your climax tears through you, your thighs shaking around me as you squeeze tighter until I can't take anymore, and I let go.
My throat grates as primal moans emanate from me. My cock's hypersensitive after cumming once already, and my whole body shivers with every thrust I make, releasing into you. When our bodies finally settle, I land a sated, firm swat on your ass.
I slowly climb off of you and collapse onto the bed. My body is sticky with sweat, my chest rising and falling with shallow, desperate breaths. I hear a chuckle.
"Talk about stamina."
I sit up onto my elbows and grin over at Henry. This couldn't have worked out any better.
You lean over and lay on my chest, where you start kissing all the way to my neck.
"Married for six years," you smile smugly at Henry. "We've had lots of practice."
My body is spent, but my thoughts won't stop racing.
I wonder what places and with whom our pleasure will take us next.