Unlike all of the other stories, this incident happens when Angel is not with Devy and Yuli.
After all that happens to her, she becomes more curious about this exhibitionism, but she never wants others to know that, aside from being really embarrassed, she is also excited every time she is exposed. She doesn't want to be known as a slutty girl who likes to expose herself. So, to explore this new habit, she decides to have a weekend getaway alone outside the city, where no one knows her.
Her target is to go to areas that have beaches and waterparks because those are the places where she can wear revealing outfits without feeling any "guilt."
She plans her itinerary already: she will go on Friday morning, arrive at the hotel in the afternoon, then continue to the beach. On Saturday, she will spend the day at the waterpark, then go back home on Sunday.
She packs all of her clothes and all the necessary things into the suitcase, ready to go.
Nothing happens during travel since she doesn't plan anything until she checks in at the hotel.
She stays on the 5th floor, and once she enters the room, she opens the curtain to see a sea view and tidys up all of her belongings.
She then took off all of her clothes, leaving her naked. Even in that condition, she already feels quiet and naughty since the curtain is wide open and she is seen from the outside, but no one actually sees her.
See looked at herself in the mirror and just realized, "Damn! I forgot to shave!"
She only brings 2 pairs of bikinis to go to the beach and waterpark each, and just like every other occasion, her pussy hair would be peeking out from the left and right sides of her bikini bottom. Lucky for her, she has two dark-colored bikinis, one black and the other dark blue. At least with that color, the bikini bottom will camouflage her pussy hair a bit.
It's still 2 p.m. and too hot to be on the beach. Besides, she is starving. She then called the hotel kitchen to order some lunch. While waiting, her naughty mind is leading her to do some experimentation. She watched some videos where girls like to have "accidental" exposure to a delivery boy while only wearing towels.
She then made her hair a bit wet and wrapped a towel around her body. The towel is so short that it still shows her cleavage and half of her thigh.
While waiting, her heart is pounding. She is so nervous because she never exposed herself willingly. When she hears a knock on the door, she jumps a bit and is quite surprised. She still hasn't decided how she would do it.
She then opened her door to find the delivery boy bringing her lunch with a bit of surprise on his face, looking at Angel.
Angel then let him inside to put the meals on the table. Her face is getting very red, her heart is pounding really hard, and her hand is shaking. She would like to unhook the towel and let it drop, but she is too nervous. The delivery boy then put the meals on the table and walked away.
"Enjoy your lunch, miss," he said.
".... uh... yeah... thanks..."  Angel replies, but in the end, she is not brave enough to unhook the towel, exposing her naked body. The delivery boy then leaves, and Angel closes the door. Then she just dropped her towel.
She doesn't know why, but at that time, she feels very embarrassed, even though the flashing only happens in her mind. Her hand is still a bit shaking. She then calmed herself and had lunch.
At 3 PM, she is ready to go to the beach. She wears her dark blue bikini and covers it with a miniskirt and tanktop. She then brings a towel, her bra and panty, a wallet, and her phone. She decides to go to a quite distant beach. She doesn't want to take the risk of exposing herself to the beach near the hotel, and someone in the hotel will recognize her.
She orders an Uber bike. The distance to the beach is around 5 km from the hotel.
On the bike, she doesn't sit on the backside of her skirt, and on the way, it would be lifted freely by the wind. She doesn't care about the exposure and is enjoying it instead because, in the end, at the beach, she will take the skirt off anyway. Some riders would just ride at the same speed as the driver to enjoy this smooth thigh and ass in public.
At the beach, she found it neither too crowded nor quiet. She finds some quiet place, then lays her towel on the sand. She sat on the towel. First, she scans the beach to see who will be her watcher. She then just knew there was no one wearing a bikini. All the women are moms with their families and several groups of boys.
She then becomes nervous again, knowing she will be almost naked alone in public, but she doesn't want to regret it later. That's the whole point of this getaway; it's just that she didn't expect that she would be the only one wearing a bikini. She is thinking that no one knows her there. Then she took off her tank top and skirt, leaving her with only a bikini on. She wears her sunglasses and then lays down for some sunbathing.
After about a half hour, she feels thirsty, and she finds a stall that sells coconuts around 100 meters away from her. She then decides to walk there, exposing her smooth body. Her bikini top is not covering her whole boobs, and her bikini bottom has slipped to her ass, showing her white, smooth ass. She hears wistling every time she passes a group of boys.
When she almost arrives, there are two other boys just arriving, ordering eight coconuts for their group. She then has to wait for their order first, and while waiting, these boys spend no time flirting.
"Hi dear, are you alone?"
"Yeah."    That's all Angel's reaction. Behind her sunglasses, she sees these guys scanning her body from top to bottom.
"Hey, Bob, your hair is already long; you want to shave it back home?" He said this to his friend.
Angel is quite surprised and just realized that her pussyhair is seen clearly in this close distance. She knows they're quipping her, but she can't just put her hand over her crotch and pretend to not understand what they're saying.
"What's your name?" asks one of them.
"Angel"
"Do you want to join us?" You shouldn't enjoy this beautiful beach alone. Don't worry, we're with the other two girls." one of them offers.
Angel is considering his offer. It's true that it's no fun to be alone, and she doesn't feel excited about her exposure until these boys flirt with her.
"Okay then, let me grab my things first there." She said.
"All right! Sir, make it nine coconuts, and please deliver them to the group there." The boy says this to the seller.
They then follow Angel.
"Don't worry, it's not much; I can bring my things alone," says Angel to them.
"Relax; let us accompany you." They follow Angel from behind, enjoying her smooth ass.
Angel then grabs her things and follows them to the group.
"Hey guys!   Look who decides to join us!"
"Woww!"    The same as the first two guys, the rest of the boys in the group spend no time scanning her.
"Hello, I'm Angel." Angel introduces herself.
She is awkward at first, but after some time chatting and getting some flirts, she is getting more relaxed and open to others.
"You know how revealing your bikini is, right? You're so hot!" says one of the boys.
"What's wrong with wearing a bikini on the beach? She also wears a bikini." Angel says while pointing to one of the girls, who wears a bikini top and short jeans.
"But look at your bikini! hahaha!"
"Yeah, I want to sunbathe and get as much tan as possible." Says Angel.
"But you should shave if you want to wear a bikini," says one of the girls.
Angel is embarrassed once again; her face is getting red knowing everyone is looking at her almost naked body with her pubic hair peeking. "Yeah, I just realized when I arrived here." Angel says it shyly.
"Do you need help with that?" asked one of the boys excitedly.
"Hey!!    Don't you dare," says Angel, followed by the laughter of the group.
This kind of exposure is exactly what Angel aims for. She is the most revealing, almost naked, center of attention, and her exposure is the topic of discussion among the group of people that she doesn't know. She isn't exposed to more than that, and she gets very excited about that condition.
She spends hours with the group until 6 PM, then decides to leave. When they ask for her contact information, she doesn't give it to them and only says they can find her on this beach later. She doesn't have a plan to go back there and then go back to the hotel, leaving the boys with curiosity.
The next day, as planned, she spends the whole day in a waterpark. Same as before, she covers her black bikini with a mini skirt and tanktop, then orders an Uber bike to the water park. She arrives at around 9 a.m. There in the waterpark, she's still the only one wearing a bikini, but at least almost all the other girls there are wearing two pieces of swimsuits. She's more confident there to take off her skirt and tanktop and wear her bikini.
She then walks confidently to the drinking stall to order drinks, and she is conscious that her pussyhair is clearly seen from a distance. She gets those whistling and catcalling from the boys she passes, but that doesn't embarrass her anymore since no one knows her and she's used to it. She spends the next hour lying on a pool chair to get some tan and enjoying her drink.
Next, she borrows a big swim ring for the lazy pool. She sits on top of it and lets it flow, following the very slow wave of the lazy pool surrounding the whole waterpark.
After several hours, she doesn't feel excited anymore because everything seems so normal, and although she's that exposed, it's just a bit more than other girls. She's not the center of attention. In the afternoon, she's starving and decides to have lunch at the food court. She just goes there with her bikini, and there is where her excitement grows again because all the other girls are at least wearing their towels covering their bottoms. That is where she becomes the center of attention again. Her heart beats faster again, knowing everyone, especially boys, can't take their eyes off her exposed, smooth skin.
She decides to sit where a group of boys are behind her, and her naked ass is facing them to enjoy. She hears them whispering and talking about her, and that makes her so excited.
After finishing her lunch, she goes back to her belongings and lies down again in the swim chair, waiting for her stomach to finish processing her food.
While waiting, from her excitement, she is now very curious about more exposure. She wants to expose herself more, but just like the day before in the hotel, just by imagining exposing herself, she's already too nervous. She's thinking of how to do some more flashing, but it looks like a malfunction. She even hopes that Devy is around to expose her at this point.
While thinking, she once again borrows a swim ring to lay on the lazy pool surrounding the waterpark.
On the way around the waterpark, she finds a mob of people in one of the pools. She decides to go, and it's a surf pool. Basically, it's like a surf simulator where the pool has a strong flow of water and people can surf on a surf board.
She goes there and sees that this pool can only be used by one person at a time, and one person is given 10 minutes each, and for her, that's quite exciting being there alone in the middle of the pool, watched by all those people.
She then goes to the keeper of the pool to borrow a surf board, and she needs to wait for the other 3 people on the waiting list. While waiting, she notices that no other girl is playing in this pool, and most of the people there are boys. Maybe because surfing is kind of an extreme sport, mostly played by boys, and surfing on this pool is no different from surfing in the sea.
It's finally her turn. She enters the pool, bringing her surfboard, followed by some whistling and clapping from the boys beside the pool.
Since she can't surf, she is accompanied by the pool guard. At first, she needs to work on balancing herself on the surf board.
She is asked to lay on her belly and hold the board.
At this point, some guys are already starting to take their phones to take some pictures and videos of her.
After a minute, she is asked to sit on her heels while holding the board with her hands.
Then she is asked to release her grip and spread her arms to maintain balance. That's when it gets more difficult.
After she could keep her balance, she was asked to stand while holding the hands of the guard.
Then, when she's confident enough, she releases the guard's hands.
She can hold her balance standing on top of the board for only about 30 seconds. She then lost her balance and fell, then drifted with the strong wave of the pool. She can't stand until the guard helps her.
This incident makes her bikini top out of it's position, exposing her maroon nipples. She doesn't realize this until the guard tells her. Looking at how the guard reacts, it looks like that incident is something common every time girls try that surf simulator. But not with all of her watchers; the guys are clapping and whistling more excitedly. Angel then directly corrected her bikini top. She still has 5 minutes in the pool, and the guard asks whether she is done or wants to have another try.
Angel, who is getting excited by the exposure that just happened, of course, would like to have another try. Or another exposure. This time, the guard is no longer accompanying her and tells her to just repeat what she did earlier.
She repeats all the steps until she tries to stand. That's the only different step since now her hands don't hold anything to help her balance, and she directly slipped. But when she falls, she has a direct chance to keep her board. She grabs the board and holds it while the bottom half of her body is in the pool. She is in the first position again, where she is lying on her belly on top of the board, but the bottom half of her body is not. The strong wave is flowing directly to her skin, and in this position, her bikini bottom is pushed by the strong wave slowly until it's drifted away from her completely and gone.
All the guys besides the pool become crazy and clap. She thought they're cheering for her to try rebalancing and not drift away by the wave again. She doesn't realize this because she has been almost naked since the beginning; she doesn't feel the difference. She's finally able to pull her body to the board, then tries to stand again. This time, almost all the guys are having their phones record her. Angel, finally able to stand with her pussy, is totally exposed now to everyone. Every guy is whistling and enjoying this hot lady surfing without a bottom, exposing her naked ass and pussy only covered by her pussy hair. The only one who stops this is the guard; she tells her that she's naked on the bottom.
Angel is so shocked that she doesn't know she has been exposed, since she-doesn't-know-when. She then lost her balance and fell again, drifting by the wave of the pool again. This time, the knot on her bikini top also came undone. When the guards help her to stand, her bikini is already on her belly, only held by a loose knot on her back. She is completely exposed from top to bottom, and every other boy is cheering, whistling, and clapping while recording her. She covered her boobs with her right hand and her pussy with her left hand for a while. She doesn't know what to do to stop the exposure. She asks the guards where her bikini bottom is, and it's already gone, drifted by the wave. The guard also has nothing to do at this point. Angel is trapped in a nude condition while all of her belongings are on the other side of the water park. She is so shocked and embarrassed. She didn't even feel the excitement at that time. Her head feels so hot, her face is getting red, and her tears start flowing while the expressions of the boys are the opposite. No matter where she faces, all the boys are all around her by the side of the pool.
After she feels helpless, like forever, she's the only one who can take herself out of that exposure. She then uncovers her boobs and pussy. She takes her bikini top, which is on her belly, and tries to wear it. With her shaking hand and the bikini top completely wet, it takes time to find which string is for her neck and which one for her back. This leaves her completely exposed for almost a minute until she can wear the bikini top. Then she covers her pussy with one hand and her ass with the other, then walks away from the pool, passing the guys who are still recording her, which feels like a walk of shame. Even some guys are still following her, and the noise from the boys around her makes every other visitor that hears it look at her, walking without a bottom and only covered with her hands.
Her belongings are so far away, and it's impossible for her to walk, passing everyone bottomless. She then decides to jump into the lazy pool and walk around the waterpark until she reaches the table where she puts her belongings. There are four guys passing right when she jumps into the lazy pool and sees she is bottomless. They are "accompanying" Angel all the way to her belongings while teasing her. asking where her bottom is, whether she needs a ride, etc., and laughing together. Angel is already so embarrassed that she doesn't pay any attention until she reaches her table and gets out of the lazy pool, which shows her pussy again to those 4 guys, followed by their cheers and laughter.
Angel then directly covers her pussy with her towel and goes directly to the bathroom. Even on the way there, when she passes some boys who know her condition, she still gets the whistling and teasing.
Angel then changes and directly goes back to the hotel. Her mind is blank all the way until the night. She then takes a bath to calm herself. After finishing, she reimagines what just happened, and she's back to reality. She's so embarrassed to realize that she was just exposed completely naked for maybe 10 minutes straight, recorded by so many boys; luckily, no one knew her at that time. That's when she feels so naughty and excited again; however, that's enough exposure for a day, and she gets some rest.
The next day in the morning, she's still thinking about the incident the day before and still doesn't believe that all happened. It feels like a dream that feels very real. The excitement suddenly rushes all over her body; her heart beats so fast that she wants to feel the exposure, which she should have enjoyed the day before. She then prepares herself to go home. She decides to wear her white tanktop without a bra, a bikini bottom, and her miniskirt, which she pulls up more until the bottom part is exactly at her crotch from the front, and some of her buttcheeks are seen from the back. She goes out of her room, checks out of the hotel, then goes home with the travel bus. She wears sunglasses to see everyone's reaction to her, and she enjoys the exposure all the way from the first step she's taken out of her hotel room until she enters her bedroom at home.
Maybe she's already so confident at this point and brave enough to expose herself and enjoy every other exposure from now on?