Well, hello. I am fairly new to the erotic writing game, and pardon the possible grammar errors. 4 am isn't my peak performance time. Hah. So this is my first publication, and now I'm going to bed.
*****
The campus bell tolled its ominous chimes; four resounding tones signaling the beginning of early evening. It would be an hour before most classes began once more, and the students of Lovell University (go Raptors!) piled into the library hurriedly. It was finals week, and the time for Starbucks, sleep deprivation, and hours of intense last-minute cramming sessions had begun.
Inside, the campus library was rather cozy and inviting. Armchairs and sofas were aplenty, with transparent dry erase boards never too far away if someone needed to scribble out some equations. A wooden staircase led to the second floor where rows and rows of books dominated. Aisles were laid out by letter and then number, emphasizing the impressive size of the collection. It even had its own little cafe, where the sleepless could get a quick caffeine fix and a snack.
Within 15 minutes there wasn't an empty seat to be seen, with students immersed in their textbooks and laptops, pencils and pens tapping rapidly in that nervous rhythm of procrastination. Occasionally there were a few study groups, murmuring quietly to each other and pointing at one another's study material. You could almost visibly see the anxiety pouring off of every student in the building. Well, until your gaze happened to drift over to the two vending machines near the restrooms.
Apparently completely unaffected by the panicked atmosphere, a red-headed bombshell was locked in a heated battle of tongue sucking and lip mashing with a dark haired stud that was obviously on one of the various sports teams. The beauty had him pinned firmly in between the two vending machines, with her right leg pressed forward into his obviously bulging crotch. If the three students sitting at the table nearest the couple had looked over, they'd be able to see his straining dick throbbing painfully in his silver gym shorts. She had her body pressed tightly against his wide, carefully toned chest, creamy breasts nearly about to spill out of a rather thin navy tank-top. She obviously had him under her control, piercing storm gray eyes fluttering open to stare at him hungrily as her nails dug into his chest. He didn't seem to mind.
But someone did, and as the third member of the nearest table glanced up, her faced scrunched up into a mixture of disgust and agitation. "Do you two mind?!" came the shrill rebuke, causing a few other students from nearby tables to briefly glance up. For a good minute the complaint was ignored, face smacking and groping unwavering until the voice came again, the small freshman becoming increasingly irritated. "Can't you guys suck each other's faces in a different library?" Her raven hair danced chaotically as she shook her head. This wasn't the first time she'd had her studies interrupted by the whore. But it would be the last.
Crimson hair whipping around as she turned sharply to face her accuser, the red-head scowled at the other girl briefly before turning back to her toy. He seemed to be growing increasingly uncomfortable as more and more students looked up to watch the scene, some with their hands drifting to their laps. She placed her index finger on his lips, slowly dragging it down past his chin and tracing his jugular. "Don't move" came the sultry command. He fidgeted nervously, but otherwise remained still.
Straightening her tank-top half heartedly, the senior strode toward the girl at her now empty table. Her companions had sensed trouble and made their way to safety, watching from afar. Rounded hips swaying with intent as she walked, her slender fingers swept aside the younger girl's study material, letting it flutter to the floor. Nails the perfect shade of red to match her hair, she traced a finger against the grain of the wooden table, leaning in towards the other girl. Her nipples were still very much hard and noticeable beneath her tank-top, and she bent forward, face inches from the girl's. The freshman didn't flinch, expression rigid as she tried to hold her ground. A mistake. Her dark brown eyes betrayed her fear. The fiery beauty grinned, eyes narrowing in amusement. Her fear didn't go unnoticed.
"Someone sounds jealous.." was the husky reply, a dangerous undertone creeping into her voice. Nails digging into the table, the other girl jutted out her chin defiantly, perky tits bouncing with the abrupt movement. Despite the situation, she could feel her nipples hardening, rubbing unbearably against the inner lacey fabric of her bra. Why was this turning her on..?
Scoffing, she forced out a shaky laugh. "No one wants to see you two groping and slobbering while they're trying to st-". Before she could even finish, she was being pinned into her chair, gray eyes boring into her own. The other girl had moved so quickly, swiveling into her lap with such force and fervor, she audibly gasped with shock. Physically unable to move despite her struggles, she opened her plump, gloss-coated lips to sound a cry for help. But before she could make a sound, the senior had her by the mouth, lips sucking at her own, taking the breath from her lungs with the intensity. She felt her mouth being invaded by the other girl's tongue which darted and explored the inside of her mouth. It traced along the roof of her mouth and caressed the length of her tongue, always moving. She was helpless; the other girl was firm and unyielding in her grip. Even the quickly reddening claw marks on her back didn't seem to loosen her grip. If anything, it spurred her on, her hips grinding into her crotch, rotating in the most unexpectedly pleasurable way. She couldn't help but notice her attacker's breasts, spilling out of that tank-top with pink nipples pointed and hard, bouncing with the excited movements.
And then a hand was grasping at her tit, squeezing and cupping in the expertise only another girl would know. To her horror, a moan managed to escape her, only further betraying her lust. But the other girl already knew. And she wanted more.
The red-head had been interrupted by this bitch, so now she'd have to get her playtime from her. The senior knew the girl was melting in her hands, she could feel the stiff wanting of her nipples; the subtle, unconscious movements of her hips to meet her own. She tasted like watermelon chapstick. It was delicious, and made her press for more. Her time with the boy had fanned the flame, and her soaked remnants of her thong were rubbing all the right places as she dry humped the girl, driving her teeth into that plump, pouty lower lip and pulling it back only to release it a second later.
Grinning at her from on top of her lap, the older girl released her lip in a sudden break from the tension. The trapped girl moaned, wanting more. Oh god, she wanted more. She could feel her pulse in her limbs, in her fingertips, and just gazed back into those fierce gray eyes, pushing her hips back in response. "Bathroom" was the only word spoken during the reprieve, and the red haired beauty promptly got up and sauntered off to the women's restroom, not looking back once.
Sitting there stunned, chest rising and falling with the lingering excitement, she weighed her options and debated for a total of fifteen seconds before she sprang up from her chair and hurried after the girl who had just literally kissed her into submission.
Both girls had disappeared into the bathroom while several rushed out the doors, glancing back as moans followed them out. The entire library was perfectly still for a couple minutes before conversation burst out from each table, girls whispering and yammering in amazement with each other while resounding screeches and squeaks of chairs being moved sounded from all sides as several boys rushed into the men's restroom, many with notebooks over crotches. The red beauty's toy was still standing between the vending machines, unmoving with lips parted slightly. His eyes were wide as he listened to the fevered moans coming from the girl's bathroom, a darkened, wet stain slowly spreading from the throbbing crotch of his shorts.