Chapter Four
The deep orange sky surrounding the setting sun was giving way to the cloudless night, but neither Xanxaa or Adam were looking out the hotel window. "I am ready to thank you now," she declared with a sly smile as she slid her naked body over Adam. She softly kissed his chest while her dangling breasts pressed against his pubic hairs and his swelling cock throbbed in her enormous cleavage.
For the previous six hours of the warm day, Xanxaa had used her rings to alter the molecular structure and physical shape of items Adam had managed to dig from the mountains of discarded refuse. Since it was Sunday and the dump was closed, no one saw them sneak onto the site, or perhaps didn't care enough to come remove them, so Xanxaa and he had unfettered access to the debris. Adam did his best to find whatever metal, coils, and pans he could, and he brought them to her as soon as he found something noteworthy. He always paused for a moment to marvel at how her rings could transform the metal into component and shapes he couldn't recognize. She would lay her fingers against the rusty junk he put in front of her, and after glowing into a myriad of colors, it would twist and reorganize into a new shape with a completely different color and sheen. She seemed to be exerting a lot of energy in order to accomplish these miraculous feats from the way she closed her eyes and gritted her teeth as she transformed each fragment of trash. She said the hardest part was keeping the necessary energy in a small area so it would remain undetected by the military, but he could see the effort was mentally and physically taxing for her.
It took several hours for them to find and create the many dozens of pieces, perhaps over one hundred in total, and then another hour to fit them together to build the device. The center was a cube of golden, metal bars twisted and curved in random patterns that, to him, resembled a dense thicket of vines. One thick pole jutted out of the top and four flat platforms sticking out of several corners like multicolored wings. Adam could not begin to comprehend the science behind the intertwining tubes and rods of the device. He could only watch in awe at her ability and ingenuity, which she vociferously denied whenever he gave an astonished compliment to her.
The first signs of evening were creeping over the eastern sky when Xanxaa finally told him the device was complete. He couldn't believe that this instrument, which was barely as long as his forearm, could send signals into regions of space further and faster than satellite dishes on Earth that spanned hundreds of yards. She was delighted she could make a functioning communication beacon but, because it relied on solar power, it could not be activated until morning. Xanxaa said it could take as little as a couple of days or as long as several weeks before her people would receive the signal and come get her. Adam genuinely feared for her well-being staying on Earth so long, but he couldn't help but feel selfishly relieved he would have more time to spend with her before she left.
Adam was relatively sure no one, including the military, knew where they were, so he found a cheap motel nearby for them to rest. He hoped she could live with the musty smell and the walls that were desperately begging to be painted, since this shithole was about all his cash reserves could afford. She nevertheless seemed thrilled that he was able to find shelter for them. He bought several protein nut bars and juice bottles for dinner from the cracked vending machine by the outdoor concrete stairs, which they ravenously ate.
He didn't realize how tired he was until he lay down on the ugly brown and gold blanket covering the bed, and his arms and legs were thrilled to remain still and sink into the mattress. Adam imagined how exhausted Xanxaa must have been, since she was the one who had done most of the work.
When he felt Xanxaa's svelte fingers unbuckle his belt and pull his pants off of his legs, he knew he would soon feel her warm lips surround his limp cock. He had assumed she would be far too tired from the day for them to fuck, so he hadn't expected they would do much other than collapse on the bed and sleep. As the shadows of dusk filled the room, however, she seemed energized the moment she climbed onto the mattress. Her tongue danced around the tip of his penis as she sucked on him, and soon he became engorged within her throat. She slowly slid her mouth up and down a few times before she released his quivering dick and crawled on top of him.
He thought he heard her announce how thankful she was to him, but he found it difficult to concentrate on what she was saying while her gigantic tits brushed against his groin as they hung beneath her chest. She kissed a path up his chest until her lips nuzzled into his neck as she maneuvered her hips until her moist pussy pressed against his cock. As she lowered her pelvis down so that his stiff cock could push into the spongy walls of her soft, humid vagina that was swollen with wetness, they exhaled in gratification at the exact same time, which made them both smile.
As she bounced her body up and down over his throbbing dick, he could feel how her tired muscles trembled in order to bring him pleasure. He loved watching her gorgeous, mountainous breasts sway as she writhed on top of him, but he couldn't stop thinking about the demands of her unrelenting efforts of the day and he felt guilty for her insatiable drive, even in her fatigue, to make him feel good. He started to tell her how tired she seemed, but she must have sensed what he was going to say since she put her finger on top of his lips with a salacious grin.
His hands crept along the moist skin of her torso until his fingers wrapped around her quivering tits and squeezed, which made her moan lustfully. He remembered how the blonde from his college English class he dated for several months would let out a high-pitch squeal every time she achieved orgasm. Adam could feel Xanxaa worming through his memories, and although he couldn't tell for sure if she was looking for anything in particular, he did his best to relax his thoughts and let her meander wherever she wanted.
He gave her erect nipples a pinch and stared for a few seconds at her flittering eyelids before he closed his eyes again. The weight of Xanxaa's body slapping against his groin soon disappeared. Adam remembered the cute girl he met at his first job who would gasp and pant so fast during her orgasm that he was always afraid she would hyperventilate and pass out. Adam could sense that Xanxaa was clenching her pussy tightly around him as she slid up and down his shaft, but it was as if he was feeling it from a far away distance.
Adam had gone on a cruise several years ago where he flirted with a woman who wore a bathing suit so small that it barely covered her beautiful, round breasts. He ended up fucking her from behind in her room until her body shook with carnal pleasure as she held her breath during her orgasm. When he had finished thrusting into her, she hummed a delightful melody as the two of them crumpled into a contorted heap of sweaty flesh onto the bed.
He found the experience of thinking about other women as Xanxaa pounded her body onto his to be disconcerting but he calmed his thoughts once more. As soon as he closed his eyes, his awareness of his own self immediately floating off in all directions until he dissipated away.
While camping for the first time with one particular girlfriend, he could still recall how her loud screams of pleasure echoed in the forest on that crisp, chilly sunrise when the rest of the world had yet to wake up. Their naked bodies turned and rocked together with her small but impressive tits pressing against him inside his old, thick sleeping bag.
He felt Xanxaa release his memories like a stone that had been dropped into still water, and the ripples grew until Adam shook his head back to reality. Xanxaa was holding herself above Adam, her hands mere inches away from his shoulders, and she was staring unblinking into his opening eyes. He jerked for a second in alarm, not sure whether he found her intense gaze to be erotic or disturbing.
When she cocked her head a little and asked, "Tell me, what is an orgasm?"
Adam's eyes grew wide and he instantly grabbed her hips and pushed her off of him. Her face twisted between confusion and regret while he sat up beside her. She said contritely, "I did not mean to..."
"It's ok, I.. I'm sorry. You just surprised me..." he started, "Did you say you don't know what an orgasm is? All the times we've had sex, all the times in your life you've had sex, you never have an orgasm?"
Xanxaa smiled nervously as if apologizing for her ignorance. "I am not sure. I feel wonderful pleasure and closeness with every sexual contact. But I have sensed enormous gratification from you when we bond, far greater than I feel. And the human women in your thoughts seemed to have a similar kind of satisfaction that I do not understand."
Adam sat silent for a minute as he tried to comprehend a species that had sex dozens of times a day but did not have the same experience of bliss that he took for granted. He found it hard to believe that the mere volume of sexual acts would be enough in and of itself to make achieving orgasms so unusual. But as he pondered how her species used sex for so many other uses, including communication, the idea that the intense pleasure of sex would be diminished made some sort of sense.
"I have an idea," he said as he tenderly pushed her body down, with more encouragement than force, until she was lying on her back. "Relax and I don't want you to think about anything other than what is happening to you physically. No telepathy, no communication, no messages or memories, nothing but your physical body." Xanxaa looked at him with bewilderment as though he was asking her to stop having tits and a pussy, but she wriggled her shoulders into the mattress before laying still and awaiting what Adam would do next.
He gave a few erotic kisses on her tits, which made her moan with appreciation. As his kisses descended lower on her torso, she squirmed uncomfortably, as though she were disappointed that he would move his cock further away from her waiting pussy.
Adam continued kissing her belly as his legs slid off the foot of the mattress. As his tongue roamed through her pubic hairs, he gently pushed her thighs apart and kneaded her leg muscles while his tongue glided around the folds of her pussy. Between her quickening gasps of delight and her pulling his head into her soaking wet cunt, he knew she approved of what he was doing.
His tongue wandered through the moist trenches between the soft folds around her pussy, and he could feel the thumping rhythm of her heartbeat in her swollen genitals against his lips. He explored her folds for her clitoris, so he could flick the top of her cunt with his tongue and bring her closer to orgasm. But as he probed all the loose flesh around her drenched pussy, he was baffled by his inability to find her clit.
The flavor of her pussy, however, was unbelievable. The taste of her juices was sweeter than he expected with the flavor of a strawberry dipped into honey. Adam had given other women cunnilingus, which was pleasant enough, but the aroma and taste of the wet secretions pouring out of Xanxaa was luscious and revitalizing, and he gulped as much of her creamy wetness as his throat could accommodate. He felt a slight buzz in his temples as he pushed his tongue deep into her drenched hole, and he wondered if he was becoming addictively intoxicated by the moisture that flooded into his mouth.
Xanxaa moaned with pleasure as he delicately pulled the lips of her pussy apart so that he could penetrate her as deep as possible with his tongue. He filled his mouth with her sweet wetness repeatedly, which made her soaking wet cunt produce even more fluid for him to swallow.
As much as Adam loved the feel of her lips wrapped around his stiff cock giving him a blowjob, he could spend hours licking her pussy and tasting her moisture. Xanxaa was gyrating with pleasure and spreading her legs apart even further in case he was able to plunge his tongue deeper into her drenched vagina.
He forcefully thrusted into her repeatedly as he licked and savored the sweet taste of her spongy vagina walls. The skin of his entire face was damp with the moisture flooding out of her cunt, as was the soft flesh of her inner thighs, and he kept his lips pressed against her groin so he could drink all her sweet juices. Adam had to clutch her hips in an attempt to control her convulsions of pleasure. He was aware of the pain at the base of his tongue from powerfully driving into her so much, but he wasn't ready to stop relishing her taste.
Her fingers grabbed his head and became buried in his hair. At first, he thought she was trying to pull his face into her groin, but instead her hands were tugging his skull upward. "Come on top of me and bond with me," Xanxaa gasped softly as she clawed at his head in an effort to pull him on top of her. "I want you inside me..."
"Nooooo," he said with a mischievous grin, "Relax and don't try to do anything else but... I don't know, just... feel." With his arms on both sides of her body, he pushed her arms to the side and held her forearms down so she was unable to move them.
He submerged his face back into the sopping wet hairs of her pussy and jutted his tongue inside her again. As she squirmed her body, he didn't know if her spastic convulsions were an effort to free her arms from his unyielding grip or a reaction to the intense pleasure that made her moaning sound more like a gratified roar.
She continued to struggle and try to pull her arms out of his clenched hands, "Please... I want you to... to... ungh ungh UNGH!!" He found it difficult to swallow all the sensuous liquid pouring out of her genitals, and the hotel quilt was saturated with the wetness streaming off of his face and her body. As her gasps became faster and heavier, the only words he recognized among the incoherent syllables she randomly screamed were "What... I... that... what?"
Suddenly her thighs slapped into his cheeks, nearly crushing his head, and her gigantic tits shuddered wildly. The rest of her body would have thrashed uncontrollably as well if his hands were not pinning her arms down and his face were not pressing down on her groin. His tongue frantically slithered inside her, licking and savoring her sweet juices, while his lips caressed the drenched folds of skin of her pussy. During the many times previously Adam had fucked Xanxaa, he had seen her smile with appreciation and groan with carnal pleasure. But he never felt her body jerk and spasm as though a voltage shock raced through her muscles. And even with her muscular thighs pressing against his ears muffling all noises, he never heard her unleash a vehement shriek of passion that engulfed the small hotel room.
Her arms had become slippery with sweat, so she was able to wrench herself from out of his grip. Immediately she sat up long enough to grab his armpits and lift him up onto her torso, moist with perspiration, and slid him towards her. "Did you...?" Adam began to ask, but she grabbed his hips and forcefully pulled his body so that his cock was driven inside her.
Adam decided not to resist her, even though he wanted to spend more time licking her delicious pussy, and he pushed his hardened cock into her cunt. Even though her groin was soaking wet and lubricated, the spongy walls of her vagina were so swollen with moisture that he had to exert additional force to shove his shaft inside her tight hole. He arced his body so that he could press his drenched face between the humongous, jiggling mounds of damp flesh on her chest.
She exhaled steadily for several seconds like a cleansing relief of excess tension before her breath quickened to match the thrusting pace of their sweaty bodies. He loved the feeling of her tight pussy clutching around his cock as he penetrated her with a forceful hunger. He lifted his head and watched her body rock up and down, making her massive breasts bounce erratically, in rhythm with the sound of his pelvis thwacking against her wet flesh.
Her eyelids flew open and fixated into a locked gaze with his eyes, and their focus helped them match the pace of their breathing to each other until they couldn't tell whose panting respiration was louder. She wrapped her legs around his waist and groaned with pleasure while he pounded his throbbing shaft that was glistening with her sexual juices.
When she arced her back and threw her arms over her head so that her massive, swaying breasts jutted upwards, he bent his neck and clamped his teeth onto her erect nipple wiggling beneath him. He didn't intend to bite her so severely that she cried out with pain, but seeing her rapturous smile convinced him to grind her tit in his clenched jaws until her agonized squeals evaporated into noiseless gasps as if breathing were no longer possible.
He remembered when, after a particularly bad nightmare, his mother sang songs by the Drifters until he fell asleep. There was a girl in high school who he dated for a week until his friends gave him a hard time and he told her not to call him again.
The metal coils underneath the thin mattress creaked in protest from the heavy bodies repeatedly colliding into each other. Drops of sweat and wetness flung from their skin, and a low grumble in Adam's throat crescendoed into a unremitting growl as he felt himself on the verge of climax. Xanxaa grunted passionately as though she were giving him permission to fulfill any depravity he desired on her defenseless body as she pinned her wrists beneath the headboard.
Both of them grunted with carnal excitement when the tempo of his hammering accelerated, and their sweating bodies became one unrelenting tremor of pulverizing violence like an earthquake of immeasurable power. The unison of their erotic moans sounded like the snarl of a ravenous beast as a torrential gush of cum erupted from his cock.
Jennifer was the cutest girl in seventh grade, and Adam had a crush on her throughout middle school but never had the courage to say a word to her. His college girlfriend had her hat blown off her head and landed on the embankment below. She told Adam not to bother, but he insisted on getting it for her and when he came back with mud all over his jeans, he knelt in front of her and handed her the hat with a flair of exaggerated chivalry.
The continual thrashing motion of his shaft sliding in and out of her pussy mixed his milky jism with her vaginal wetness into a liquid cream. The creamy mixture poured out of her into a sticky layer on their thighs and onto the mattress.
Once the cadence of his thrusts diminished into slow, relaxed movements, she rolled Adam onto his back. She gently swiveled her hips a few times before sliding her cunt off of his dick that was glazed with cum and wetness.
Neither his muscles nor his throat had the energy to protest before Xanxaa crawled backwards and buried his persistently stiff cock into her mouth. She gently stroked her head up and down his shaft as her tongue leisurely wandered around his erection. For a moment beyond time, which probably only lasted one or two blissful minutes, she kept her nose pressed against his groin and tenderly sucked until she gulped every morsel of his cum and felt the last pulsation of his deflating cock within her throat.
Adam glanced out the window into the darkness and realized the sun must have retreated from the sky hours before. The broken clock repetitively blinking "12:00" was no help in figuring out exactly how long ago.
Xanxaa climbed onto the bed and once they nestled into each other's arms underneath the sheets, both of them could feel the exhaustion of the day weighing down on them. Before he gave in to his need for sleep, however, he asked "Can I just tell you one thing?" He barely paused before continuing with enthusiasm, "Your pussy tastes amazing!" She laughed but Adam insisted, "No, I'm serious!" The sound of her amusement made his chest feel both clenched and weightless. "Licking a pussy is something I don't mind doing to make someone feel good but it's honestly not my favorite thing to do. But your pussy? Holy shit, I could taste your pussy all night long."
"I am very glad you enjoy my pussy. I enjoy your cum as well," Xanxaa declared as if confessing. "Human cum is a unique blend of salty taste and creamy texture that I find very appetizing."
"You're welcome to have as much as you want," he offered with a chuckle. She nuzzled her face into his neck as he insisted, "But only if you let me cram my tongue inside you again."
"Mmm," she purred while hugging him with a firm squeeze, "I will allow it." After a brief kiss on his neck, she continued, "I very much enjoyed what you were doing. It was... well, remarkable."
"Remarkable? I mean, I'm glad you liked it, but... I guess I'm surprised that for someone who has sex all the time would find that remarkable."
"On our world, it is rare for men to spend much time licking the female. You were so... so eager! And insistent! It was wonderful! Except for..." Her voice trailed off as she playfully scratched his chest with one of her fingers.
"Did something happen?"
"Yes. Well, I am not sure. I was really enjoying what you were doing, and I was trying to relax like you told me to. But then I felt this... this strange feeling like a small fire inside my pussy. I was paralyzed and lightheaded. And I felt as if I were about to go into freefall. Thankfully I managed to stop myself before it became too intense. I am sorry, I do not know what is wrong with me. I really did enjoy what you were doing, but I..." Xanxaa's voice tapered off as she noticed the smirk on Adam's face as he tried to stifle a laugh. With a mix of curiosity and annoyance, she asked "What do you find amusing about what I am telling you?"
"I think," Adam couldn't suppress his laughter anymore, which made Xanxaa look at him with a mixture of confusion and irritation, "you almost had your first orgasm."
She lifted her head up with surprise. "THAT was an orgasm? It was... terrifying!"
"But it didn't hurt, right?"
"Yes! It did!" she blurted before she paused and thought about it. "Mmm, perhaps not. It certainly startled me," she exclaimed right away before admitting, "but on reflection, it did not hurt."
"It felt good, right?"
She thought for a while and a grin slowly emerged across her face. "I suppose.... Yes. Yes it did."
He pressed his forehead against hers and asked in a deep voice, "Did it feel REALLY good?" She nodded zealously. "Well, I would love to do that again right now, but I know I'm exhausted and I imagine you are too." She nodded as her eyelids started to close. "But next time you start to feel that way," he paused for dramatic effect before finishing his thought, "Go with it. It is incredible!"
Xanxaa yawned, then asked, "Is that what you feel when you cum?"
"Hell yeah!" he snorted, "That's why I love fucking you!"
She beamed with pride for a second, and then asked, "And it will not hurt?" As she shifted position, the warm skin of her huge, naked breasts rubbed against the soft hairs on his stomach.
"No, it won't hurt. In fact," he put his lips against her ear and whispered, "it feels fantastic." She snatched her head back and her eyes grew wide like she wasn't sure if she should believe his impish smirk or his reassuring nod. "Trust me."
"And women on your planet experience this every time they have sex?"
"For the most part," Adam declared before acknowledging, "Well, I don't know how often. Sometimes women fake it."
"Fake an orgasm? Why would anyone do that?"
"Well, they might fake the sounds and movements to make the guy cum faster." Xanxaa gave him a furtive look, "Y'know," he added, "to get sex over with earlier. If she's bored." He quickly inserted, "I mean, that's never happened to ME, but I hear it does happen."
They laughed together then sat silently for a moment. "Your species," she finally said after a minute of contemplation, "is quite strange."
"Let the orgasm happen next time," he said softly. "Trust me."
She stretched her neck out and gave him a long kiss on his lips before she laid her head back down on his chest, "I do." He tenderly ran his fingers through her burgundy hair for a minute and then felt her naked body become limp. His head felt like a cement block, so he closed his eyes and within seconds, he joined her in sleep.

Adam was the first to wake up, so after a few moments of feeling the soft thumping of her heartbeat against his naked body, he slid out from underneath her and got dressed before she woke. He was just pulling his t-shirt over his head when she sat up and tried to unbuckle his pants. "Take these off! I want to thank you again!"
"Xanxaa!" he exclaimed as he tried to block her hands, "believe me, I want to fuck you over and over! And we'll have plenty of time for that later."
"But I like bonding first thing in the morning," she pouted half-jokingly.
"I'll owe you a fuck, ok? But right now, the sun is out and the sooner you activate the beacon, the sooner you can go home!"
Disappointment spread over her face, and she dropped her arms dejectedly into her lap. "You are eager for me to leave?"
"I want you to be safe!" he said reassuring as he sat down on the bed beside her. "If it were up to me, you would stay here with me so I could fuck you forever." He stood up and took a few seconds to peer out the window. "But remember that general out there looking for you who wants to hurt you?" Kneeling in front of her, he took her hands and lightly squeezed them. "I don't want you to go, but it doesn't matter what I want. The only way for you to be safe is to get you home. So let's go set up your beacon.... thingamajig, and then we'll come back here and fuck each other until your people come for you, ok?"
She frowned with uncertainty while staring at their entwined fingers, so he promised, "The sooner we do this, the sooner we can come back and fuck." She smiled playfully as he let go of one hand and caressed one of her naked breasts. "And when we get back," he stared intently into her eyes with somber gravity, "I swear to lick your pussy and never stop until you scream with your own orgasm."
She laughed and stood up, "Very well. We will activate the beacon now. But we must go outside."
"Alright, here's your jacket and breakfast," he said tossing the hooded jacket and a couple of leftover protein bars onto the bed next to her while she was putting on her maroon boots.
"Ugh, how I hate your culture's insistence on wearing clothing," she snorted but slipped his jacket on without protest while devouring the protein bar and then followed him out the door.
"So," he asked pausing on the walkway balcony outside their hotel door, "where should we set this thing up?"
Xanxaa grinned and rested against the metal rail on the edge of the second story walkway. "Come here and I'll show you," she said while holding his hand and pulling him towards her.
Although he enjoyed any opportunity to press their bodies together, something about her demeanor made him nervous. As soon as he was within reach, she threw her arms around his waist and then toppled backwards so they both flipped over the railing and dropped towards the pavement below.
His panic lasted less than a second when they both stopped in midair and then floated upwards along the side of the building. They flew to the roof of the two-story hotel and gently landed.
He laughed as he tried to squirm out of her embrace with fake anger, "Don't do that!"
Her hands were locked around him and she pulled him close until her nose pressed against his. "You're not the only one full of surprises," she chuckled.
Looking around, he saw they were on a neglected roof patio with a dozen reclining chairs randomly scattered around. A few yards away was a small pool filled with nothing except thick, green mold on the dry, decaying concrete walls. Adam looked over at the nearby entrance and saw the padlock and chains through the black metal gate and hinges browned with corrosion. "Shit, looks like no one's been up here in years."
Xanxaa removed her jacket as quickly as she could and thrown it as far away from her as she could. She inspected the beacon one last time and began the process of orienting the platforms so they faced upward while the blistering sun beat down on them. "I've activated the core battery, but I had to use most of the energy in my rings to do so. The beacon will need about twenty of your minutes to scan this part of the galaxy in order to map itself accurately." She walked toward him with devious, carnal hunger in her eyes.
Adam looked around at the area and could see some nearby buildings down the street. "Whoa, we can't do this in public! People could see us!"
Xanxaa shrugged her shoulders, "It matters not to me if people watch or not. They would be welcome to observe." She unzipped his pants and stroked his bulging cock with both of her hands "But if you are concerned, then observe that there is no one around us anyway."
He tried to object, but looking at her naked body as she affectionately tugged on his stiff dick made it difficult to protest. Her enormous tits bounced slightly each time her arms moved whenever she twisted her wrists so she could pull her hands up and down his shaft. He tried to express his practical nervousness of exposing themselves, but his words were little more than babbling gasps.
She released her grip so she could lean in and kiss him before walking around him to one of the rusting deck loungers. "Besides," she said as she put one knee on the end of the chair and bent over to grasp each of the handles, "you owe me a fuck, as you say, from this morning." She looked over her shoulder with a smirk as she wiggled her hips and beckoned him to fuck her from behind.
Adam had already taken off his clothes and was straddling the lounger behind her. He felt a little disappointed that she didn't want him to lick her pussy again since he was anxious to taste her again. If she was in the mood for a vigorous fuck, however, he wasn't going to argue. Besides, he thought to himself, technically he did owe her a morning fuck. He dug his fingers into her firm, soft ass and pulled her buttocks apart so that he could see that her cunt was already dripping wet with anticipation.
He firmly gripped his hardened cock and could feel himself throbbing with desperation. As soon as his tip pressed against her warm, moist cunt, he felt a rush of exhilaration. When he pushed himself deep inside her and felt the drenched, spongy walls of her vagina swelling tight around his shaft, he moaned with gratitude.
Their bodies rocked against each other, slowly at first but quickly became more forceful. Her incredibly massive breasts dangling beneath her chest went from shaking gently to swinging uncontrollably. She threw her head back and smiled as she hummed approvingly.
As he slapped his groin against her shuddering buttocks, he wasn't sure why she was reaching back with one hand and pushing her buttocks apart around her asshole. Since she didn't seem to want to stop fucking, he gently pushed one of his fingers into her hole. He pulled his finger in and out, which made her gasp with pleasure, but her hand remained on her ass shaking frenetically.
Adam's body was already covered with sweat as the heat of the sun beat down on him mercilessly, but her skin was barely damp. He kept driving his cock into her, grunting every time he crammed himself inside her.
He pushed a second finger into her hole, and she groaned, but the hand on her backside kept quivering. When he finally slipped a third finger into her and thrusted his hand into her ass with a satisfying force, she returned both hands to the chair handles.
He alternated his thrusting so that he slid his fingers out of her ass as he slapped his sweaty groin into her hips and plunged his cock into her pussy. When he pulled the shaft of his soaking wet dick out until only his tip remained inside her, he drove his fingers forcefully into her buttocks. Her panting quickened into squeals of delight as her body lunged forward each time his pummeling thrusts swapped between his cock and his fingers.
Their skin was becoming slippery with perspiration, and Adam found it more difficult to keep his grip on her pelvis. Her long, burgundy hair was whipping around, so without thinking he grabbed a wad of her hair and bury his fingers into the strands. He pulled her body toward him so he could pound himself harder into her cunt and ass, but he saw that her head was also being jerked backwards. He was just about to let go of her, but the huge grin on her face as she shrieked with gratification convinced him to keep going.
At first Adam only dated the blonde from his college English class because she had a great body. After a few months, though, he found he loved her deeply and wanted to make long-range plans with her, which is why she said she broke off their relationship since she didn't feel the same way about him, leaving him wounded and empty.
Adam knew when Xanxaa was using sex to delve into his memories. She seemed to be attempting to dig out his previous relationships, which made him a little nervous but he wasn't going to fight her. He focused on shoving his cock and fingers into her groin and relaxed any defenses in his mind as best he could.
The dozen one-night stands he had whirled through his mind rapidly like running a finger across a stack of playing cards. Of the women he dated that qualified as a relationship, most lasted four to ten months depending on how much of each other they could withstand. He cheated on only one woman, whom he dated for seven months. She must have found out since he came home and found a note filled with expletives, all deserved he had to admit, and all of his favorite CDs gone. Adam had regretted being a jerk to Adrienne. Adam could make Meredith laugh more than anyone in her life before. Adam went on two dates with Christy but couldn't stand the way she bit her fingernails. Adam loved Donna and was devasted when she broke with him after only three months.
Xanxaa slapped her groin backwards at a furious pace, which Adam was willing to match. He tightened his grip on her hair and hammered his body into hers so hard that all of muscles throughout his body strained to keep up the exhausting pace. She let go of the chair handles and pinched her own nipples, so that her torso was held up only by the strands of hair in Adam's fist. He leaned back a little in an effort to plunge his cock deeper into her pussy. His fingers were becoming sore from being squeezed into her tight ass, but he continued forcing them further insider her until his knuckles smacked against her ass.
The woman he had loved the most undoubtedly was the one he met at his first job. She was this cute girl he kept intentionally running into at the copier, and he felt like an overly eager puppy desperately trying to get her attention. She eventually relented, and their three year relationship was heading towards marriage until a series of petty squabbles turned into vicious fights of unforgivable insults that they never recovered from.
Adam felt his entire life unfolding in front of Xanxaa, every victory, every defeat, every proud moment, every regret. He couldn't understand how anyone could look at who he was and want to keep being with him. But Xanxaa showed no signs of wanting to be anywhere else other than with him. While she whimpered with sexual pleasure, Adam was grunting like a fierce animal and the small part of his brain worried they may be too noisy was overwhelmed by his carnal lust to continue fucking. His cock was covered with the juices of her cunt, and as she rammed her body backwards into his groin, he shoved his well-lubricated dick into her with a punishing force.
Her humongous tits swung crazily in random directions like spherical pendulums that no longer answered to physics. Her gasps of delight shifted from breathless panting to grunting squeals. He saw her green skin glistened with a slight dampness underneath the grueling sun, which he assumed she must be used to on her world, while he was drenched profusely with sweat.
His cock throbbed with an expectation of release, and he slapped his body into the wet skin of her shuddering buttocks, more soaked from his sweat than hers. His arm was weary from tenaciously ramming his three fingers into her tight asshole, and her backside was so slick that he could even drive his knuckles inside her as well.
His vision filled with hundreds of men, perhaps a thousand, standing knee deep in churning purple water all around as far as could be seen. Many of them had green skin, but several hundred were from alien races with shapes undreamt by any human. The air was warm and each breath was pleasurably sedating like being intoxicated by a beautiful vision. The vast majority of men were more of a partial apparition than an actual person, and their skin was like a translucent afterthought undeserving of any vibrancy. Only four or five figures were more solid than the others, but even the colors of their skin were subdued and faded. A single column of light stood nearby and when approached was revealed to be a figure that was smooth and lacking in all detail except for two eyes closed as if in mysterious slumber on a face with features shifting and attempting to become something. The two eyes suddenly flew open and the face instantaneously transformed into a recognizable shape, and Adam stared into his own eyes.
Adam opened his own eyes and found his body continuing to vigorously pound into Xanxaa's cunt as if by sheer momentum. Every time she extracted his memories, he marveled at she was able to do so within mere seconds, although he wasn't sure exactly how long. Maybe it was all accomplished in less than one second, since he had no idea how he could continue to fuck her with no vivid recollection of how long he had lost touch with reality.
The beacon was emitting a continual series of piercing sounds over a low hum, and small lights were now active all over the device. He wasn't sure if he was awakened by the beacon or the disturbing vision of seeing his own face. He only intended to give his thoughts to Xanxaa, so he didn't understand what he saw. He knew he hadn't seen a particular recollection like his; it was more of a conglomeration of feelings, or maybe impressions, gathered together in one bizarre, dream-like collection.
At first when he looked up, he though the tension on Xanxaa's face was because of erotic pleasure, but the way her eyes shifted at him with uncertainty made him think there might be another reason for her nervousness.
He readjusted his fist so he could maintain his grip on her hair. To him it looked as though her head and neck, and especially her back, were all bent back at what to him appeared to be an excruciating angle, but her grinning laughter showed no anguish whatsoever.
The rusty deck lounger she was holding onto began scraping along the concrete roof an inch or two every time he smashed his dick into her cunt, but was now up against the wooden bar. He felt he was ready to cum, but no amount of thrusting could quite get him to achieve climax.
He pulled out and threw her down on her back on top of the lounger. The loud metal clanging sound meant he probably threw her too hard, but he could only focus on his need to orgasm. He grabbed the handles and leaned over her body before resumed hammering her body frenetically.
She wrapped her legs around his waist and held on to his neck while staring with adoration at the passion in his face. He did not see her affectionate gaze; his eyes were closed, since his face was dripping with perspiration in the thick, humid air. Sweat dripped off his body and onto her humongous tits sloshing and buffeting uncontrollably across her chest from the strength of his pounding.
Jism filled the urethra in his shaft and he could feel the pressure building until he was unable to restrain it. She groaned with pleasure as cum burst out of his cock, and he kept his turbulent pace of colliding into her for almost several minutes before he slowed down and leisurely slipped in and out of her.
"How do you keep doing that?" she asked once her breathing and pulse rate had slowed down enough for her to talk.
He laughed, "Fucking you? It's pretty easy to fuck someone as gorgeous as you."
"I appreciate the compliment but that is not what I meant," she said with a smile that couldn't hide her pleasure. "I can easily see your thoughts, but it surprises me you also are able to examine mine. I thought you had no telepathic experience." His drained but still-throbbing cock was slowly grinding in her wet pussy, and her hands were still holding each side of his neck gently as she cocked her head a little.
Adam remembered as a pre-teen buying a lottery ticket at a charity event and concentrating on winning the radio-controlled car he wanted as though he could will it into happening, and how thrilled he was when it actually occurred. Other memories flipped in his head where his intuitive hunches proved correct and when he won bets from predictions based on nothing but random guesses, but nothing that suggested a latent aptitude for telepathy.
Her examination of his thoughts was not overwhelming so, even as memories zoomed across his consciousness, he studied every hair of her beautiful eyelashes and tiny, barely visible vein in her incredible eyes.
When the flood of memories drifted away, he finally replied, "Nope, no telepathy," even though he knew she had already concluded the same thing. He stopped moving his hips, but he still held himself over her by holding the chair handles.
She squinted, "Then how...?" She was too perplexed to finish her sentence.
"I have no idea," he tried to say casually, although her puzzled look made him slightly nervous. "You're the expert telepath here."
Her face relaxed into a smile as warm as a thick plush quilt on a winter night. "You are quite... unique." Adam thought about kissing her, but instead they silently stared at each other for another couple of minutes and felt the soft pulsing of their naked bodies against each other.
"What I am," he said breaking the silence as he stood up, "is boiling." His body glistened with sweat, which she found extremely sexy, as he looked around the patio. "I just wish... there it is! I thought I saw something." He trotted behind the bar and pulled out a green hose covered in dust and cobwebs. "I hope this thing still works."
He grunted as his trembling muscles struggled to turn the faucet handle, which was as rusted as every other metal on the roof. With a loud noise like a crowbar scratching a car, the handle relented and moved. A few more twists and water began spilling out of the hose.
Holding the hose over his shoulder, he screamed, "Holy shit!! That is cold!! Fuck!!" Xanxaa roared with laughter as a barrage of expletives flew out of his mouth, but he was willing to endure the chilly water in order to stop his skin from burning.
He lowered the hose and exhaled with relief as he shook the extra drops of water off of him. "You want a turn?" he asked holding the hose toward her.
With her boots still on, she gracefully threw her legs over the side of the chair and stood up with a grin. When she took the hose from his hand, she moved the hose all over her until she was drenching wet. She threw her head back and water flowed down her hair falling onto the concrete floor. Light shimmered on her soaking wet green skin, and she ran her hand over her body.
Adam had already put on his shorts but stood frozen and gaped as he watched her squeeze her mammoth breasts and run her fingers beneath her pubic hairs. After a minute, she dropped the hose and ran both of her hands through her long, red hair. Water dripped off her everywhere as Adam watched her, too awestruck by her dazzling beauty to remember to pick up his shirt.
"Xanxaa! So here's where you've been hiding!" Both Adam and Xanxaa were startled to hear another voice on the roof with them. They whirled around and saw another woman with green skin standing nearby. Her long black boots that went up to her thighs and long black gloves that went to her biceps glistened with a shine as though they were made of latex.
Xanxaa's face lit up with excitement and her mouth opened wide in astonishment. "Xora! You found me!! What are you doing here?"
Xora sneered, "Once you turned on the beacon, it did not take me long to determine your location."
Adam was stunned that someone had already found Xanxaa, but his initial thrill quickly turned to concern. "But how did you get here so quickly?" He did not know many aliens, but to him the grin on Xora's face seemed less joyous and more ominous, especially now that her grin turned into a scowl.
Xanxaa looked at Adam with an irritated rebuke, "Do not sound so uneasy! This is my sister!!" She turned and took a few steps towards Xora, who was watching impatiently.
Adam grabbed Xanxaa by the arm and pulled her back. "Something is wrong," he said in a low murmur, never taking his eyes off of Xora's face that to him seemed full of contempt, "this doesn't feel right." Xora glared at him, and one side of her upper lip lifted up to reveal some gritting teeth.
Xanxaa jerked her arm out of Adam's grip with annoyance. "Let go of me! She is my family!!" She was about to turn away from him, but she could not ignore the look of dread in his eyes. She turned to her sister again and looked at her with a hint of skepticism. Xora flashed a smile, and Xanxaa squinted as if she could almost see the deviousness in her face.
"It seems your pet monkey-boy here is smarter than you are, Xanxaa. Can't say that surprises me." She lifted her hand and immediately a blast of energy shot out from one of her rings. It sped toward the beacon and in an instant, fragmented debris radiated from the explosion of red light in the center of the now-useless device.
Her hand shifted direction and pointed directly at Xanxaa and Adam. "Too bad he's going to die with you."