Cindy had imagined looking across the table at Steve, topless. Feeling the absence of her bra made her feel like she was doing something risky but still safe. As she walked toward him, her breasts swayed and the fabric of her blouse rubbing across her nipples was exciting, arousing and disorienting. Once again, Steve was taken by surprise.
She set his plate in front of him and he noticed the scent of perfume. She set her plate across from him and sat down. They kept making eye contact as they chatted and it seemed to Cindy that Steve had no idea, what was happening.
Her senses wanted to go further than her mind would allow. How could she flirt with danger and not fall in? is that even possible? As they ate, conversation was very surface, polite. He complimented her cooking and she thanked him again for taking care of her gutters. Cindy was reading his face. Steve was fixated on her boobs, but trying to make frequent eye contact. She, of course, followed the movement of his eyes and wondered if he would address the new elephant in the room.
There was an awkward pause and then, out of the blue, Steve said, "Why don't you undo a couple more buttons? Are you afraid I'd see you aren't wearing a bra?"
Cindy froze. As usual, her mind went blank, and even though this is what she thought she wanted, she was caught off guard. "Steve!"
"C'mon, hey, a couple of hours ago you and I were standing right here, and I was butt naked. Now, you want ME to see YOU, right?
"I.... I uh...."
"Hey, it's been a weird day. I understand how your mind must be working. But you're safe. I know you want me to see you and you can be sure, I DO want to see you! Honestly, Cindy.... You look amazing! I had no idea! Why don't you wear jeans and shirts like this all the time? C'mon, undo two more. C'mon, you can do it.... You WANT to do it. I know you do...."
Silence. Steve opened his eyes wide and nodded to her to make the next move. She was wrestling with herself, then slowly reached up and undid one button. It felt like a big move. She had wanted to flirt with danger, but was still surprised to see its power. She thought she could get by with some teasing and not actually go this far
"Good. Now the next one, let's see some more skin. C'mon! You want to do this and you look great, so do it."
Cindy had no voice, which was okay, because she had no words. She took a deep breath and undid the next button. There was only two left, which were below her breasts. If she shifted in her seat, they would be exposed. They both knew that.
"Yeah! There you go. Wow! You are a total fox! Why do you always wear such loose, baggy clothes? You look fantastic!" Cindy blushed but with great relief. His affirmation and acceptance were electrifying and more significantly... disarming.
"Now pull it open a little. C'mon, you can do it. I'm dying to see your boobs."
Cindy was shaking. She should have known this would happen. Maybe she DID know.... Steve continued to coax her and finally, she slowly pulled her shirt wide enough to see between both breasts and then almost to her nipples before she quickly pulled it closed again.
"Oh, come on Cindy! You're so sexy! Let me see them! And undo those last two buttons! Let the ladies out! Come on!"
Cindy was torn. She furiously wanted to do what she was terrified of doing. She paused, undid the last burtons, but didn't move. Steve folds his arms and looks at her disapprovingly. "Hurry up. My food is getting cold. Now take it off."
"What!? Take it off??!!
"Come on, Cindy! You aren't teasing me, you're torturing me! It's an upside-down version of what you and your friends did this morning!"
".... Okay... okay...." Cindy understood. She had wanted to have a little fun, but it didn't dawn on her that it was actually tormenting him. That was cruel. Besides, she DID want to sit across the table from him topless, but she never thought it would actually happen. She unfastened the last two buttons and sat there, her heart pounding.
Steve grinned. "Go on.."
Cindy flashed her blouse open and closed it quicky. Steve's expression showed impatience. She opened it slowly and held it there, trembling. She felt the draft of the air conditioner on her bare breasts and tingled all over. She pulled it past her shoulders.
"Yeah! There ya go! Now.... Let it slip off your shoulders a little bit. You're beautiful! Yeah! C'mon. Let it slip some more.... She does, hesitantly. "Atta girl. Now take it off. C'mon, you can do it. I know you want to. I've gotta tell you, Cindy, you have great tits!" It seemed like a crude statement, but she received it as an assuring compliment. Finally, she removed her blouse and held it in front of herself.
"I'll take that," Steve said extending his hand. "Here. Give it to me. Remember, you're safe."
Cindy pauses a moment. This felt like she was stepping off of a cliff, but she was no longer looking through the window of danger, she was standing in the doorway. She swallowed hard and handed it to him, reluctantly. Smiling he folds it over his arm. "Now take your jeans off."
"Steve!!!"
"All I can see is from the rib cage up, that's all. But wouldn't it be sexy for you if you were really naked? I can't see, but we'd both know that you don't have any clothes on. Wouldn't that be a rush? Remember, you're safe."
"Oh, my goodness.... I don't know.... I, I... uh... Steve, I don't know what...."
"You know all you need to know," Steve interrupted. "What I see won't change. But you'll know that I know, that you don't have any clothes on. Of course, that means you have to take EVERYTHING off. So, get on with it. Shimmy out of those jeans and slide then off to the side so your bare feet are on the floor. You aren't really naked if you're holding onto an item of clothing. So, everything off. Strip."
Cindy could hardly breathe, but her defenses were evaporating. Steve continued to watch her closely. "This should be easy. I was surrounded by five women. You were one of them. You undid my pants."
"I took off a shoe and a sock."
"We made eye contact when you were undoing my pants, and then, you helped tear my underwear off. What's happening here is nothing compared to that. Now, it's your turn. Or would you like for me to take your clothes off?"
"No! No!... I'll do it. I will..."
"You'll do what? Tell me what you're going to do."
Cindy was gasping for air. "I'm going to, um... "Steve raised his eyebrows impatiently. "I'm going to take off my jeans."
"That's just getting started. Tell me exactly what you are going to do."
Cindy was in erotic shock. "I, I uh... I am going to take off... all of my clothes."
"That's right. Every. Single. Stitch. Tell me what you will be after you remove your panties."
"I, I.... Oh my... I will... I will be naked."
"That's right. You will be COMPLETELY naked. Now, strip."
Cindy kicked off her sandals, then worked her jeans down past her knees and finished removing them with her feet. She slid them off to the side, but still under the table. With her chest pounding, she paused slightly before she pulled down her panties, kicked them off and slid them aside. She sat up straight, her nipples again at attention.
"Do you need to finger your nipples a little bit?"
Cindy turned crimson. She felt like she was in free fall. Hearing the question out loud took her by surprise. She felt conscious of every square inch of bared skin. Steve was smiling at her with satisfaction. She didn't answer, but watched his eyes as she felt her breasts and rubbed her nipples. She had never even walked quickly through her kitchen alone, in the nude, so this was intense.
Steve was grinning like a Cheshire cat. "You are butt naked."
Cindy's heart was pounding out of her chest. They continued with their meal, Steve continuing to smile at yet another astonishing twist in an already incredible day.
They finished their meal with basic chit chat as if they had met for dinner at a restaurant, ignoring the fact that she didn't have a stitch of clothes on.
"I've really been looking forward to the blueberry pie. Can we have that now?"
Cindy felt panic. She had completely forgotten the pie. Her nudity from the waste, down was known but not seen. By the look in his eyes, she saw Steve knew exactly what he was doing. "Uh, yeah. Um......"
"What's the matter?"
"Oh Steve, please! Would you serve us the pie?"
"No. I'm the guest. Now stand up.... Come on Cindy! I want dessert, with a scoop of nudity. I served you and all your friends."
Cindy felt helpless, frightened and yet very turned on. She slid her chair back enough to stand, already feeling exposed. She stood, shaking, arms limp at her sides, looking expectantly at Steve.
"Oh yeah, baby.... You look awesome.... Now, turn around nice and slow. I want to see everything."
Cindy obeyed, comforted by his compliments and affirmation, yet shaking with self-consciousness. When she was facing him again, he wore a huge grin but she wore absolutely nothing.
"Now, blueberry pie?"
"Ok. Uh, do you want vanilla ice cream with it?"
"Sure, that will keep you busy a little longer and I can watch," Steve said slowly, as she picked up their plates.
At the kitchen counter, Cindy, who had her back to Steve, could feel his gaze in every pore. She cut pieces of pie and dished out ice cream, clumsily although it was something she'd done hundreds of times. She tried to work swiftly, which only intensified her clumsiness and meant all her muscles were flexed. She was trembling. "You have a sweet looking ass, Cindy," Steve observed cheerfully.
"Thanks," she replied automatically as she turned to face Steve and return to the table. She had never felt this exposed in her life. She was afraid to get too close to Steve by going to his side of the table, so she leaned over from her side after setting her plate down. But then realized her boobs were dangling in front of him. She sat down quickly, hyper conscious of her swaying breasts. It felt like all her skin blushed. Steve grinned with delight. He had only expected a home cooked meal, so this was incredible.
Cindy was dreading a comment about her boobs, but all he said was, 'thanks.' He complimented her appreciatively on the pie and she found his good manners reassuring, encouraging, calming.... And dangerously appealing.
When they finished and Steve scraped every morsel from his plate, they sat back contentedly. Cindy was getting used to being naked, after all of Steve's compliments and reassurance, but she still felt vulnerable. She reached out her foot stealthily to rest it on her jeans and panties under the table but they weren't there. Cindy panicked and felt all around with both feet only to touch the bare floor. she looked up to Steve's smile.
"W-where, where're my clothes?"
"When mine were gone, everybody laughed when I asked."
"Steve! Please!"
"Hey, you're still safe, ok? You just happen to be completely naked and alone with a man who has all his clothes on."
"Steve, don't do this to me! Please! Give me my clothes! Where are they?"
"You gave me your shirt, remember?" He held it up and rubbed it on his face, with a deep sniff as he grinned at her.
"My jeans! My underwear! Steve, please!"
"Oh yeah," he said as though he just remembered. He held up her jeans with his left hand and then held up her panties with his right hand, rubbing them on his face as well. "You won't need these for a while, but they're safe with me." Then he wadded them all up and shoved them under his chair. "Thanks for the pie, you said we could have a glass of wine after dinner. Could we have that now?"
Heavy sigh. She should've seen this coming. "Sure. I could use a glass of wine right about now, myself," she said wearily. Again, she slid her chair back, hyper conscious of her jiggling breasts and stood to face Steve. She watched his eyes survey her naked flesh as he smiled contentedly.
"Thanks, Cindy. You're one wonderful woman. In fact, you're wonderful enough to be two women!"
Steve's accolades were medicinal, but his aggressiveness rattled her, so his compliments were like anesthesia. "Thank you, Steve. You're sweet." To say that to a man when you don't have any clothes on adds gravity to the statement.
She walked back to the counter, retrieved a bottle of red wine, filled two crystal wine glasses and returned. This time she stood next to him to give him his glass, so her boobs wouldn't slap him in the face. But it felt awkward to stand that close to him in the nude.
"Thanks, Cindy." To hear him say her name more frequently had a calming effect. It felt safer to draw close.
"You're very welcome," she said with a smile, feeling the safety he had promised ever since he began to talk her out of her clothes. His compliments were a major deposit in a self-esteem bank, low on funds. In the almost eight years of marriage, Cindy's ex-husband had rarely been affirming of her appearance.
Steve continued to look at her, smiling. "Man, you are one fine looking woman," he said, still in amazement at how the afternoon had turned out. "I always thought you were pretty, but you are way beyond that.... You are foxy."
Cindy could hardly process his words, but they washed over her like a waterfall, mentally and emotionally cleansing. She blushed and hem hawed some sort of thank you which didn't communicate the impact his statement had made. Steve smiled in a gentle, thoughtful way. Not the more licentious way he had been looking at her since she first sat down.
"Now about that get together next Saturday with my friends," Steve began, swinging the pendulum back to sexy, "It would be awesome if you'd join us. It should be a lot of fun. These are all good guys. Safe, Respectable. Everyone is binging all sorts of goodies and you don't have to. But would you be willing to keep everybody stocked with drinks and munchies? And relax, you don't have to worry about a waitress outfit. I was being silly. Wear whatever you'd like.... Until half time." The licentious smile returned and the sense of safety vanished.
Cindy choked and tried to stabilize. How to answer? "Oh, gotcha. My payback for the adventure you had this morning, right?" She did her best to sound perturbed not flustered, but Steve saw through it.
"Well, no. I know it's a long shot, but I thought you might find it exciting. Am I totally out of bounds?"
Cindy tried to choose her words carefully, to be honest but not reveal too much. "Steve, all morning you weren't just a good sport, you were courageous and you were trusting ME. And ever since then, I feel like I've gotten to know a lot about you. I...." She was about to say too much, "... and ever since we sat down, you've pushed me but you kept things reigned in, reassuring me I was safe. And I have clung to that, trusting you and depending on you.... But that trust is in YOU, not a room full of guys."
"Ah ha. Understood. Listen, these guys -- there's three of them -- have been deep, long time friends. We respect each other. We trust each other. None of them would even think of doing something I told them not to do, especially in my house, when I'm the host."
Cindy was trying to visualize three more men in the room. One at the table with them and two leaning against the kitchen counter. All looking at her, smiling, their eyes exploring her naked body. What would they say? What would they be thinking? The idea was overwhelming, but then another frightening thought entered her mind. How might SHE respond?
If you throw yourself into the current of a raging river, there's no turning back. You could only be rescued by someone else. This looked like a raging river. And yet, it looked exciting. Frightening, but exciting. Would Steve rescue her if she wanted to dip a toe in the water but fell in? Could HE resist the raging river current?
Steve had been studying her face as she pondered. He was touched that she trusted him, so he felt responsible. She respected him and that's powerful stuff. He didn't want to take advantage of her. Their relationship was deeper now.
"Tell me about what you want to happen at half time," Cindy said suspiciously. Suspicious about the details, that is. She was certain the plan was for her to get naked.
Steve faltered. "Hmm.... Well..." He was again, speaking before thinking, which hadn't served him well all day. "Uh, .... What if you and I stood in front of the TV, facing the guys and uh.... I undressed you?"
Cindy knew guys, by nature, could be sexual predators, so this was not just flirting with danger, it was slapping its face. But something significant had shifted in her connection with Steve, so discernment was slippery.
"You've enjoyed me sitting here with you and watching you walk around in the nude, isn't that true? I haven't laid a hand on you. Today, eight different ladies have had their hands all over my body but I've been noble. Remember what Kathy said about that lady at the party her husband went to last night? She said that lady enjoyed everyone's attention and appreciation but they behaved themselves."
"She said there was a little rouching...."
"Oh yeah, she did.... But nothing got out of hand."
"And you'll make sure they behave, right? And YOU will also behave, right?"
Steve was trying hard to not appear as excited as he was becoming. "Right. Absolutely." Was she really going to do it? Steve was hanging on her every word.
"Wow... I can't believe this.... Okay.... I'll do it, but if things get crazy, you will never see me again."
"They won't! I swear!" Steve was next to hyperventilation.
"Ok then... You be a good boy and keep things safe and I will let you take off all of my clothes... In front of your friends... You can strip me completely naked.... Then, if you behave, you might get a reward."
Steve's surprises that day got better and better as the day progressed. What might the reward be? It looked like the best surprise would be saved for last.