This is an unusual story for me and it is a bit long. The first part is John's Story, and the second part is Sandy's story. The two parts recount the same story, but are told from the perspectives first of John and then of Sandy. I am perhaps better when recounting the woman's perspective, so if you prefer just to read Sandy's perspective, Sandy's story starts halfway down on page 3.
I would love any comments as to whether or not this is a good idea. I got the idea from reading an excellent story "He Said, She Said Ch. 01-02," by Wordy_1s.
One more caveat: I am not sure what category to put this story in. It could be group sex, it could be exhibitionism, or perhaps even romantic couplings. I chose Exhibitionism, and I hope that does not alienate anyone.
*****************
John's story
I had a crush on her. It makes no sense, I'm too old to have schoolboy crushes, but nevertheless it seems to me that's what it was. Sandy was a sweetheart of a woman, with lovely skin, a pretty face, a nice body, and reddish blonde silken hair. But what I loved most of all was her smile, and her eyes.
Her eyes formed a kaleidoscope of colors. The overall effect was blue, but to say she had blue eyes would be such a vast understatement. And her smile: When she smiled it lit up a room. And she smiled easily, so usually people were happy when she was around.
Sandy lived in the same building in New York City as I did, so I would see her often, just by happenstance. Sometimes we would take the elevator together and talk, when we came home at the same time. Sometimes I would run into her on the street near our building. I did not want to ruin things by asking her out, or anything. I just enjoyed her company, whenever I would have it by luck and by chance.
Sometimes it was a little more. One time I was enjoying a coffee at a neighborhood coffee house, when in walked Sandy and she ordered one, too. There were no free tables, she saw me, and she came over and asked if she could join my table.
I closed my laptop and we just chatted. It was a lovely time, she has such a sparkling personality and broad interests. We ended up chatting for an hour, both having another coffee to keep things going. I did not want that time to stop. It was after the chance coffee house meeting that my superficial crush based mostly on appearance evolved into real affection. This woman had the potential to be a mate, as far as I was concerned.
It was the storm, and the power failure caused by the storm, that actually brought us together. We live in New York, and the Superstorm Sandy had cut the power below 37th Street. And yes, the storm had the same name as this pretty, sexy, wonderful woman.
We did not know there was power north of 37th Street because without electricity, we had no news. Our radios and TVs did not work unless we had batteries for the radio, which we both did not, and our computers and wifi and cell phones were out, too. Even my landline did not work, because it was cordless.
The power never fails in Manhattan, unlike the small towns I lived in before I moved to New York. Even though I knew how to deal with power failures, I was shockingly unprepared for this "superstorm," which was a hurricane if you ask me.
So we were in a news blackout and we had little idea what was going on. Plus it was cold, and we had no heat. And then there was the issue of coffee. Everyone is addicted to coffee in the morning, including me. I could still make drip coffee, because I buy ground coffee, and I had a gas stove, and I had a trickle of water coming out of my sink faucet. This made me a kind of local king.
Some people were in the habit of getting coffee to go from any of several places nearby every morning, but all those places were also out of power and hence closed. Sandy's predicament was that she used an electric coffee bean grinder. She had the beans, she had the gas stove, she had the water, and she had the paper filters with which to make drip coffee. She just could not grind the beans.
Sandy came knocking on my door in the morning, asking for coffee. I made some for her, and since neither of us could get to work (the subways were not running, either, due to the lack of power plus the flooded subway tunnels), we sat in my dark and cold apartment and drank our coffee and talked. It was nice. The room was cold but for me at least, her smile warmed it up.
"I was freezing last night," Sandy said. "It's times like this you need a dog to sleep with you and to keep you warm."
"I was cold, too. I thought about keeping the oven on, but then I remembered my stove is gas, but my oven is electric," I said.
"Maybe you should marry me," Sandy said. "Then we could sleep together and keep each other warm."
I knew she was joking of course, but I kept the joke going, and said, "It's the 21st century, Sandy. Two people can sleep together even before marriage. It's even legal in New York."
She laughed. "Well, you would know, you're a lawyer. But you know, I'm a Catholic girl," she said, pointing to the cross around her neck.
"I see," I said. "This may sound insensitive, or just ignorant, but can't you sleep with me and then confess and beg forgiveness?"
She laughed again. "I guess you're right," she said, "but that may involve a lot of begging. It's a serious sin. But in fact I'm a lapsed Catholic, anyway."
I love it when she laughs. "I felt as if I almost froze to death last night," Sandy continued.
"Well you see, there you are," I replied. " Surely it can't be a sin to sleep with a man to save your own life."
"I guess it depends on what 'sleep with a man' actually means," she said. "Somehow I think were I to spend the night here with you, I would be warm and not freeze to death, but I would definitely sin, you know?"
This was getting a bit sexy, and I was not sure where the conversation was going. But I continued to play along. "Tell you what, Sandy. Tonight I'll leave my door unlocked, and if you start to fear for your life, come on over and hop into bed with me. If I'm asleep you will not be in much danger."
Sandy laughed again. "Oh John," she said. "You're such a sweet, innocent man. You are not the danger of that arrangement. I'm the danger." Then she laughed again. I got a big smile.
Sandy changed the subject, and asked me about my work. I answered her questions and asked her about her work, too. She is an architect, and her work sounded truly interesting, at least to me. While we talked I made us another round of hot coffee.
She left to go home and dress, and I did the same. I was not looking forward to a cold shower (there was no hot water). I need not have worried however, because there was not enough water pressure to take a shower, anyway. I learned that the building uses an electric pump to get water above the third floor, and of course the power failure meant the pump was not working. I had water enough to make coffee, but not much else.
I decided to leave the building, taking the stairs because the elevator did not work, again due to the lack of electricity. I walked around a bit to see what was happening. The storm was still going strong, and the wind was too strong to use an umbrella, so I just got wet.
I learned little walking around. I saw plenty of other people walking around in a coffee deprived state, appearing to be in a daze, but I did confirm absolutely everything was closed and that the power failure was widespread. I returned to my building to see if the newspapers had come. They had not.
I hiked up the stairs back to my apartment, dried off, remembered I could not shower, and I changed into dry clothes. I lit a candle because my apartment does not get a lot of sunlight, and anyway the storm clouds kept the apartment quite dark.
I sat next to the candle and tried to read a novel. I knew I would get a headache if I did that for too long; I often get headaches if the lighting is poor. There was a knock at my door. Sandy was there, along with another neighbor, Martha.
I had often noticed Martha, any man would. She was beautiful, and in a sexy way, and sometimes on the weekends she wore clothes that looked as if she had to be poured into them. I also knew that she and Sandy were close friends.
"Have you two come for more coffee?" I asked, gesturing for them to enter the apartment.
Sandy said, "Well actually Martha has yet to have any, and I thought perhaps you would not mind..."
I said, "Not at all," and I made the three of us another round of coffee. Sandy and Martha sat down and we chatted for a long time.
Sandy was shivering, and at one point she said, "I think the probability of sin is small if the three of us get into bed. I know it's only the middle of the afternoon, but it's the only way to stay warm, and I'm freezing."
"It's more effective if we're all naked and under the covers," Martha said, "If that does not freak you both out?"
Sandy said, "Not at all. I had the same thought," and then both women stripped down to their panties and ran for my bed, diving under the covers. New York apartments are small, but I had a queen size bed. A king size bed would not have fit in my bedroom. This made three people in the bed a rather intimate setting. I was in a state of shock, reeling from the sight of their gorgeous boobs, both of them.
Sandy called out, "Come on, John! Get with the program. It won't work without you. Lesbian sex is frowned on by the Church, too."
I said, "I thought you were a lapsed Catholic, Sandy?"
"Wrong church, John boy. I'm a Mormon," Martha said, and then they both giggled.
I stripped down to my briefs, and joined them in my bed. Sandy pushed me to the middle, between her and Martha. "Now be good, John, " Sandy said. "Remember, you offered, and this is to save our lives."
So there I was, in my own bed, with two nearly naked and completely gorgeous women, one on either side of me. I knew Martha of course, and she is a fine woman too, and as I have said, she is sexy as all hell. She was sexy in clothes, but naked she was irresistible. But as I said, I had a crush on Sandy, and wished I were alone with her. Actually, being alone with a woman as sexy as Martha would have been nice, too.
"Cuddle me," Sandy said, "to keep me warm." She rolled onto her side, presenting her back to me. I spooned her, and let my arm go over her and cup her breast. Her breast fit nicely, so very nicely, into my hand. I knew that was a dangerous thing to do, and I was holding my breath to see her reaction.
"That's a good boy, John," she said. "Keep me warm, just like that," and she pushed her ass into me and wiggled it, causing my cock to grow and fit right between her ass cheeks, themselves protected by her lacy panties. Sandy could not see it, but a huge smile crossed my face.
Martha then in turn spooned me, and put her arm around me and cupped my cock with her hand. This really surprised me. She was holding my hard, erect cock, through my briefs, but next she slipped her hand underneath my briefs, and grabbed my cock itself.
"Are you really Mormon, Martha?" I said. She giggled.
"God's honest truth," she said. "Well, that is, my parents are. I'm not a religious person, myself. I like sex too much to be religious."
This was beginning to get strange. Hell, it was already very strange. Martha was now stroking my cock. She was not going to let my erection subside. All this emboldened me, and I started slowly to push down Sandy's panties. I expected her to express outrage, or to put her hand on mine to stop it, or to say something sweet but yet be a firm no, but instead she simply lifted her hip off the bed to help me.
Once Sandy's panties were off she turned around to face me and she pulled off my briefs, revealing Martha's hand on my cock. "Thanks, Martha, for keeping him hard," Sandy said. I perceived an edge in her voice, as if she were irritated or something, but I dismissed it. Everything about this situation was mind bogglingly strange in any event that it was impossible to parse any subtleties of emotion.
"My pleasure," she said. "Don't forget our deal."
"I won't," Sandy said.
I knew I should not have, but I asked of course what the deal was. Sandy smiled. "She gets you after me, of course," she said.
"Do I get a say?" I asked.
"Of course you do, my sweet man," Sandy said without missing a beat. "But John, you're a man. We are two women, both not bad looking, and in fact in my opinion Martha is smoking hot. This is every man's wet dream to have two women like us, both naked, back-to-back, in his bed. Is it not?" Sandy said. When she said that, Martha pulled off her own panties, so that they were both in fact naked in my bed.
"Statistically I'm sure you're right. But I'm not just a horny young man: Sandy, I have been crazy about you for a long time," I said.
"John, you're ruining things. We're just keeping warm here. Let's leave it at that," Sandy said, and there was an edge in her voice, almost fear.
"Agreed," I quickly said. "You're right of course, Martha is gorgeous. She's sexy, too."
"Thanks," Martha said. "Now hurry up, I want my turn."
Sandy sat up and plunged her cunt right down on my cock, and then began to fuck me eagerly. She was already wet, even without physical foreplay. There had been more than enough verbal foreplay; maybe that was enough for her. I was looking up at her gorgeous face, and her bouncing perfect boobs as she bounced up and down on my cock. She was smiling down at me.
I am indeed a man, so I took control, rolling and putting her underneath me so that I could take her missionary style. "You'll be warmer like this," I said.
Sandy moaned softly and then began to kiss my chest. I stopped my pumping with my cock buried deep inside her, leaned forward and we shared our first kiss. I had never even once fucked a woman before I had ever even kissed her! The kiss was beautiful, and I think it surprised Sandy. She began to cry. She moved her hips, forcing me to resume fucking her. I complied enthusiastically.
I had not fucked that many women in my life up to that point. Of course you never forget your first, such as my high school sweetheart who introduced me to sex. Well actually, we introduced each other, and neither of us knew much about pleasing the other. But her cunt was wet and ready and I thought it was the best feeling in the world when I entered her virgin cunt.
The few other women I fucked were also nice, and thoroughly enjoyable, no doubt about it. But Sandy was different. Her cunt seemed magical. It was wet, warm and inviting, but the way she moved and the way her cunt would suddenly squeeze me, and all the emotions flying around: not just mine but hers too, I could tell, made the fuck something very special. It was unlike all the others. It was not just a thing of pleasure, it was a thing of beauty.
I could feel her cunt envelop me. Her body moved to match my thrusts. Her breasts undulated invitingly, as if they were asking me to kiss them. So I kissed them. This was one sexy woman. I felt I was half a being, and so was Sandy, and locked in our embrace we completed each other and became one. We became whole.
"When it's time, cum inside me," she whispered. I nodded as we fucked. "Kiss me again, lover," she said. I did. She cried again and then started fucking me back with force and energy. I had no idea what was going on, but I knew it was good. Even the crying seemed to be a good sign, somehow. I fucked that sexy doll of a woman for all I was worth.
Sandy had some funny little movement inside her cunt that she used, and it squeezed or kind of grabbed my cock, making the sensations even more intense. "I want you to cum, lover. Cum for your Sandy," she whispered to me. I picked up the pace and was pounding her furiously. She was now moaning louder. Suddenly she screamed out, "Holy Mary Mother of Jesus!" and her entire body started shaking. Then I blew my load deep inside her.
I left my cock inside her until it was soft and kind of fell out. We were both spent and lay side by side. I figured Sandy would explain her crying if she wanted to, but it was best if I did not ask.
Martha broke the silence. "That seemed pretty intense for a casual Superstorm Sandy fuck, you know? Something you want to tell me? Either of you?"
Sandy said, "I'm sorry, Martha. It came as a surprise, a shock. You know how I always tell you that I'll know when it's the one?" Martha nodded slowly. "But it never is?" she continued, and Martha nodded again. "Well, John is the one."
"That's pretty heavy, girl. I guess then I should not suck him hard now as we planned, so that he can do me, too?" Martha asked.
"What?" I said.
"Oh yes you should," Sandy said to Martha, ignoring me. "A deal is a deal. It will be fun for me to watch. Besides, I'm going to enjoy him every night from now on."
"You are?" I said. "Do I have a say in this?"
"Of course you do, John. You always have a say. It's just that I know your answer is yes," Sandy said.
"You do?" I said.
"Yes," Sandy said. "I cried because I realized three things during our first fuck just now. First, this was no ordinary, casual fuck. Second, I love you. And third, you love me. Actually all of this was pretty obvious, don't you think?"
I did not think any of it was obvious, except that yes, it was a great fuck, one full of emotion on both sides. Come to think of it, I guess that's what she meant. Sandy just understood right away what the emotions were. She was pretty amazing.
"Now that you explain it, yes Sandy. I see it and I agree. What I do know with certainty is that I love you."
"I love you too, John. You can suck him hard now Martha. I'll watch," Sandy said.
"Sandy, could you suck me hard instead? I promise to fuck the lovely Martha if you do," I said.
That's when I found out Sandy really knew how to suck a cock. It was heavenly. She had me rock hard in no time. What really stunned me was that she swallowed my entire cock. I had heard about deep throating a guy, but I never really believed it was possible. And certainly in my limited experience, no woman had ever even tried to do it to me.
God, it felt wonderful. Her mouth was so warm and enveloping and inviting. I was however in danger of shooting a load right down her throat, I was so turned on, and I wanted to in the worst way, but I had promised them both I would fuck Martha next, so I pulled out of her mouth.
Despite the cold, Martha stood up and fingered herself just a bit. Then she lay down on the bed and spread her shapely legs, and wiggled her cunt at me. I took in her body and I melted. Her breasts were the perfect size: not too big although they were close to the limit, and they certainly were not too small. Her nipples pointed slightly up.
Her skin was as smooth as satin, and she had a super tiny waist, which emphasized her hourglass figure. Her thighs were not too thin, but thin nevertheless, but with enough strength to squeeze a man firmly and hold him while he was inside her. If Sandy had not captured my heart, I would have fallen for Martha at that moment like a ton of bricks.
"I'm right next to you, lover," Sandy said. "If you want, you can pretend she is me."
I climbed on top of Martha, and entered her. When I did so she gasped, and raised her hips to meet my thrusts. She too was a great fuck. Her cunt was tight and gripped my cock. She was wet and I could hear the faint squishy sounds as I pumped in and out of her. She must have been highly turned on from having watched Sandy and me fuck.
If I had not already been in love with Sandy, I might have acknowledged that Martha was an even better lay than Sandy, the best of my life at that point. But the reality is there was no extra dimension of love there. Still, I enjoyed it as pure hot sex, and while we were going at it, I felt a finger exploring my asshole. It was Sandy massaging my asshole as I fucked her friend.
This was beyond weird for me. I was freaked out, but super aroused as well. I was confused, but could not worry about it. I was so turned on my brain had shut down. Maybe it was blood deprivation of my brain, since my cock seemed about as engorged as a cock can get.
Martha was now moaning as we fucked, and I began to screw her, and she clearly liked that since she moaned louder. Her cunt seemed to clutch my cock. As I screwed her, Sandy began to finger fuck my ass. I could not believe this. Nobody had ever done that to me, and since it was Sandy doing it, I found it enormously erotic. Her long painted fingernails presented some occasional problems, but nothing too serious. The occasional fleeting moments of pain added to the eros.
At this point I even found Sandy's breathing to be erotic. I was hooked on the woman.
Normally with a second fuck I last a long time. I did this time, too. Martha started kissing my chest, and Sandy said, "Kiss her, John, and give it to her hard. She likes that."
So I kissed Martha and she kissed me back and groaned. She gave wonderful kisses, even sexier than looking at her naked and willing body. This woman was something else! I fucked her as deep and as hard as I could. I kissed her breasts and sucked her nipples, hard, as we fucked. Sandy eventually pulled her finger out of my ass, and then she reached down and took something out of her purse. Apparently it was a dildo, and she plunged it into my ass as I fucked Martha. I blurted out, "What the fuck?" when it happened.
Sandy said, "Go with the flow, John. All is good," and Sandy kept fucking me with her dildo as I fucked Martha. This drove me over the top and I announced I was going to cum, and Martha said, "Cum on my stomach, you gorgeous beast of a man," and I pulled out and did.
We all lay there, totally spent. Then to my continuing surprise, Martha leaned over and slowly, lovingly, began to play with my cock. She got it twitch back to life, and stroked it gently until it was once again erect. Then she engulfed it in her mouth, she too deep throated me, taking my cock down all the way to my balls, without gagging even a little. Nobody but Sandy minutes earlier had ever done that before, not that so many women had tried, actually.
I said, "Martha, you sexy woman, this is wonderful."
Sandy said, "Thanks, Martha." There was a slight edge to her voice, as if Martha were going too far with me. "That's enough now; it's time for my second fuck from my lover here. I like the sound of that: My lover." When an amazingly sexy, pretty woman you just fucked wants to possess you, and you love her, it's just amazing. In this case it was also fairly over the top weird, since I had also just fucked Martha, and she had just wonderfully sucked me hard.
Martha popped out my cock and she pushed me over to Sandy, and Sandy climbed on top of me and guided my cock into her sweet vagina. "I went to Smith College, John," she said as she began to fuck me. She did not finish, since she began to moan.
Martha finished for her. "The motto of Smith College is, '100 years of women on top.' I went there too, and that's how Sandy and I met."
"And we've been jointly seducing men ever since," Sandy said, between moans and groans as she fucked me, lying on top of me.
"And often on top," Martha added. "In honor of Sophia Smith and our Alma Mater, of course." Then both women giggled. Sandy was the first (and only) woman I've fucked who giggled while in the throes of passionate lovemaking. I was having a surprising afternoon indeed. Lots of firsts.
I said, "Smith is a great school even if I don't know who Sophia Smith is or was, but I'm getting on top," and I rolled over on top of Sandy, almost pushing Martha off the bed. As we fucked, Martha picked up the dildo and fucked herself with it along side the two of us, even though it had recently been in my ass and nobody had washed it.
To say this was an amazing afternoon would have been an understatement.
When we were done we all rested in bed, cuddling with post sexual intimacy. The girls were right: naked like this and unrestrained, we were in fact able to keep nice and warm under the covers.
It ended when we all got hungry. I could cook with a gas stove, and there was no question of going out to eat, since everything was closed. We couldn't even go out to shop since the markets were closed, too. So we had to cook what was in the apartment. The three of us cooked together, and we had a nice meal. We had had enough coffee, so we had herbal tea, since we all wanted a hot drink.
We then went back to bed, cuddled and kissed for a long time. As evening fell, Sandy began to suck me hard again, and I ended up fucking both women again. We all fell asleep together. I for one was used up, exhausted, and extremely happy.
In the morning we had coffee. I asked Sandy if she really planned to spend every night with me from now on. I told her I would love that. She smiled and said she would be starting with tonight. Martha left us two lovers alone, but an hour later knocked on our door and told us, "There's a strong rumor that there's power above 37th Street!"
I had gone to Harvard, although I had never dated a Smith woman when I did so, now to my regret, especially if there had been any there at the time like Sandy and Martha! But I was a member of the Harvard Club, and it was above 37th Street (on West 44th Street), so we all trooped up there on foot, even though it was a long walk. Sure enough it was open, with power, food, and coffee. Even more important: it had showers with hot water!
Sandy wanted to shower together with me at the Harvard Club, "to save water." I told her you don't do that at the Harvard Club; I refused to go to the women's showers, and we would have little privacy in the men's showers. Sandy told me she did not care. That was my first hint she had exhibitionist tendencies. We showered together, to the joy of some, and the moral disapproval of others.
Sandy and I stayed together. After a few weeks of living together, Sandy told me the flip side of Martha and her joint seduction technique. They used to go out to bars and pick up four men, and they each got two of them. I figured out she wanted a three way, with her and me and another man.
"Would you, John?" she said, batting her eyelashes at me, and slowly taking off her blouse.
"We're in the window, Sandy. Everyone across the street can see you undress," I said.
"So they'll get a little thrill," she said. "Nothing people haven't see before," she said. There were dimensions of Sandy I had no idea were there.
"It's so sexy for me to have two men at once," she said. "Martha and I are kind of addicted to it, you know," she continued, now slowly removing her bra, and still in the window. "I would be so grateful if you would be one of my two. In fact, that's the only way I would do it. Martha is really pressuring me."
I just watched her undress and said nothing, still in a state of shock. She slowly removed her skirt, too, now standing in front of me, her front exposed to the picture window so that everyone across the street could see her if they looked, clad only in her panties.
"Would you do this for me, lover? I'll do anything you ask, anything at all no matter how weird or perverted, if you will do this for Martha and especially for me?" she asked.
I was beginning to think she actually wanted me to demand something "weird and perverted" as a price for my blessing and participation.
She slowly took off her panties, stepped out of them, standing there naked in front of me and our neighbors across the way. She said, "Please John? Pretty please?" Then she stuck her finger in her mouth and began to suck it in the same way she sucks my cock.
"I'll give you my answer in the bedroom, baby," I said, and I took her hand.
"We can do it here, you know, you can take me from behind bent over that chair," she said, and it was clear that was what she wanted. She came to me and unbuckled my pants and took them off me.
"I'm sure not all of our neighbors have seen a live sex show before, Sandy," I said.
She giggled. "I guess you're right," she said. "Well if they're Catholic, and they watch, they can ask for and receive forgiveness, I'm sure," she said, as she removed my shirt. "And nobody is forcing them to look, right?" She took off my briefs and now I was naked, too, in the window, with a raging hard on.
She knelt down in front of me, her mouth open, inches from my cock. "Lover, I need an answer," she said. "Will you?"
What could I do? What would you have done? I said, "Yes, Sandy, I will," and with that she bent over the chair, exposing her open cunt to me, and said, "John, take me now. I need you inside me."
I complied. I learned later the whole story. Martha and Sandy had been picking up four men and taking them somewhere for sex since their college days, when they were known as the 'Smith Gangbangers.' They had tried to be super careful with whom they picked up, but seducing four strange men was fraught with dangers.
"The Midwest men are the best. They're old school heteronormative," Sandy told me. Here in NY their strategy was to rent an upscale hotel room and pretend they were tourists, in town for a convention. They even often managed to get convention rates!
They would go to the bar of the convention hotel, dressed in the clothes appropriate to the profession of the conventioneers. For most it would be casual business attire, but for academic conferences it would be jeans, sandals, and a nice blouse. For media conventions they could let their imaginations run free, and Sandy often went with a streak of blue in her hair and one gigantic earring.
They would try to get to the bar when it was crowded, and ask to join a table of four men. Then they could pretend to get drunk and eventually they would invite the men up to Sandy's room for drinks and dancing. After a while, Martha would take two of the men to her room, to show them her view, ostensibly. Or she would make up some other reason. The reason mattered little, by that time the men would have a good idea what was going to happen. And happen it would.
Sandy explained why they started behaving this way. When they were in college, neither girl could cum from a man. They could only cum from self-stimulation, or sex toys. Men rarely performed cunnilingus, but if they did, they could sometimes cum that way, too. Then one time a man fucked Martha four times in one evening. Each time he lasted longer, and on the fourth fuck she finally came. It was a revelation.
Sandy was obsessed with men in college. She had gone to an all girls Catholic high school, and from there she went to an all women college. Naturally the thought of sex with men loomed large. It's simple desire and impossibility. So she became a slut.
In terms of her reputation she first became known as Easy Sandy, since it was easy to get her into bed. When she began to have sex with two or more men in one evening, she became Sandy the Smith Slut. The alliteration of that moniker had appeal and it stuck. But eventually even that was not bad enough, and it evolved to Sandy the Smith Slut Party Girl. That did not stick; it was too long. Sandy the Smith Slut was the name she kept despite her desire to be just Sandy.
She would go to dances at other schools and find a man who was willing to have sex with her. It was never hard to do, and she became an expert at spotting the men who would sleep with her that very night. Most of the time the men wanted just to use her for their own pleasure and to chalk up another conquest. They were rarely interested in her pleasure. She called these men "users."
If she ended up with a user, as was sadly typical, she would compensate by fucking his roommate and possibly his friends, too, until she could manage to get off. That's how she got the reputation of being a slut. After a while she did not even have to leave Smith to get laid; men would troop to her for a good time.
She also told me how she became a party girl. She went to a party at another school, expecting a party. But the party had 10 men and only 4 women, counting her. She got angry and walked out, but the guy who invited her promised to eat her out if she would come back. So she did. He took her to a bedroom, gave her cunnilingus and she came, and then he fucked her. Then she happily joined the party, glowing with an after sex sheen.
Men started taking liberties when they danced with her, feeling her up, and one man finally pressured her into going topless. Then every man there wanted to dance with her. Eventually the other three women went topless too, and one girl began to dance only in panties.
After a long time, Sandy and the other girls were down to their panties, too. After a lot more booze, they began to consent to sex on the dance floor. Sandy was the last to consent, but once she did she was out of control. She took on three more men that night, and came again. She never lived down that night.
Before that time, when Sandy had gone to a dance at Yale, a man took her back to his room, and they had sex. Easy Sandy. His roommate walked in right after they finished, and Sandy was smoking a cigarette, naked, on the couch. As you know by now, she is not shy about her body.
The roommate incorrectly assumed this was an invitation, and one thing led to another and they too had sex. Sandy the Smith Slut. When they were done, the original man had sex with her again, and then the roommate took her again, too. On that last fuck, she had an orgasm from fucking with a man for the first time. She told me it was over the top wonderful, and a true revelation.
Martha and Sandy compared stories. They devised their plan for which they're famous, or infamous if one is into moral judgments, and it works for them. If the two men are not enough (although often two men are enough for each of them) then they let all four fuck each of them. Most of the time it works and they both cum. And even if it does not, everyone has a good time.
So as it turned out, we all checked into the Marriott at Times Square, and joined a convention of bankers. Martha likes Marriott hotels. "They're owned by Mormons, you know," she would often say. Sure enough, I found the Book of Mormon in the drawer of the night table.
The first day we just checked out what the conventioneers wore, and the second day we dressed like them. Bankers like to drink, so the bar was crowded right away. The three of us got drinks at the bar, and next we found a table with three men at it, and asked to join them. The men obliged, and the two women had a man on either side of them, while I was left between two men.
The women, Sandy and Martha, acted as if they were drunk already, or at least tipsy, and sipped only a little of their drinks, so as not to get too, too drunk. But they urged the men to drink, and the men did. When they learned the men were from a Chicago bank, they got happy. They began to flirt with the men, with occasional casual touching.
Their skirts were on the short side, and as it got late, the men started to place their hands on the girls' legs, sort of testing the waters. The girls let the men's hands stay on their legs and continued to flirt. They let the men's hands creep up their thighs, and even let them go under their skirts.
I learned later that the men's hands reached their panties, pulled them aside, and fingers went inside the women. Yet both Sandy and Martha showed no signs of arousal that I could detect while the men fingered them in public at the bar. This surprised me. These two women were good!
Apparently though, it was getting a bit too intense for Sandy and so she abruptly stood up and invited everyone up to her room for more drinking and dancing. The reason she gave, and I believed it at the time, was that it was too loud and too hot in the bar. I had no idea at the time that 'too hot in the bar' was in fact a double entendre.
Everyone agreed and the six of us trooped up to our room. Sandy and Martha went to the bathroom and removed their pantyhose, explaining it was for comfort, and came out and asked the men to dance. I was a shill and supposed to take liberties. I enjoyed my role.
First I unbuttoned Sandy's blouse and opened it up, kissing her while I did it. I stepped back, exposing her bra to everyone. The men's eyes got wide. One of them tried the same thing with Martha and got no resistance. All the men now had big smiles.
Martha said it was too crowded in this small New York hotel room, and invited two of the men to go to her room. She left with the two men who jumped at the chance. Martha did not bother to button up. She walked down the hall with her blouse unbuttoned and her lacy bra on full display.
I let the other man enjoy Sandy first. He undressed her in the window, amazed she did not care about being seen, and then he led her to the bed and took her in missionary position. When he finally finished, he watched while I fucked her rear entry, and when I was done, he took her a second time. This was the first time I had seen two people having live sex in the flesh (and not on video), and one of them was my Sandy. She had not cum either with me or with him, either time he had her.
We were all naked, relaxing on the bed, when the room phone rang. Sandy picked it up, and she said, "Okay boys, grab your things and go to Martha's room, number 819. It's swap time." I realized this meant Martha too had not yet cum.
The other man was stunned. "Are you serious?" he asked.
"You bet," Sandy said. "Martha thinks you're both hot, and I am not a greedy person. Besides, I will now get your friends."
We grabbed our stuff, went to room 819, and met the other two guys en route, heading back to Sandy's room. One of them said to us, "She's a tigress, she'll drain you both dry."
"So too is the fine piece of ass you're going to," the man who shared Sandy said. "But there are worse fates," he added, and everyone laughed. "That woman is the best fuck I've ever had," he said, referring to his time with my Sandy.
"Well get ready for the second best fuck of your life with this bitch Martha," his crude friend replied. "Odds are, you'll have a new first with her!" he added.
In an attempt to blend in, I said, "The bitch you two just laid is the sexist woman I have ever seen."
"You've got that right, bro," one of the men said. The other said, "It's amazing such a sexual goddess can fuck like that. No man could contain her. She's dynamite." I made a mental note to tell Martha these comments tomorrow.
I actually did not like the way the men were speaking of the love of my life and her best friend, but since I was supposed to be like them, I just stayed silent. I could hear Sandy saying to me, "Go with the flow." After all, the girls wanted heteronormative men, and that's exactly what they were getting.
When we got to Martha's room, the door was ajar. We knocked and she told us to come on in. She had a robe on and probably nothing else. She was sitting in a chair reading a book. "Hello, boys," she said. "Whatever brings you here?"
"Your friend Sandy sent us," I said.
Martha said, "He who speaks first, shall enjoy my pleasures first." Martha got up, dropping her robe. I had not seen her naked since that first time in bed during Superstorm Sandy, and I had forgotten what a fantastic body she has, and just how amazingly pretty and sexy she looks, stark naked and ready for sex.
"Jesus, woman, you are gorgeous and sexy," I said. Martha smiled. The other guy, who's name was Bob, just grinned and almost appeared to be drooling over his prospects. I got her first, and took her from behind. She moaned happily as I did so. Having already fucked Sandy twice, I had amazing control, and I used every trick I knew on her.
About 10 minutes into fucking this gorgeous creature, with her boobs hanging down lusciously and bouncing in rhythm to my pounding of her, I reached in with my hand and found her clit. The moment I touched her clit she had an earth shattering orgasm, shaking and trembling, and screaming, "Oh God!" at the top of her lungs. I found it thrilling that it was I who gave the orgasm to her.
I then lay her down on the bed and took her in missionary position, to finish her off. She kept smiling at me, and pulling my head to hers, locking me in a prolonged open mouth kiss, complete with delicate and sexy tongue action. "I love you, John," she whispered to me, out of earshot of Bob.
I did not know what to make of that, so I just smiled at her and kissed her again, as I fucked her gently. She was so wet and warm, her cunt so perfect, I felt just then as if I loved her, too. But I knew Sandy was the girl for me. And Martha knew that, too.
Bob took her next. He was chomping at the bit to get at 'that fine piece of ass' as he called her when he spoke about her to me later. They had a spectacular fuck, but she did not cum during it, which made me feel all the more macho. Bob had a huge dick, and I think Martha liked that.
It was strange watching Bob fuck my true love Sandy, and now he was fucking Martha. I did not know how to process it. It was also the first time I had ever seen two people fuck, other than in videos. I got turned on, even though the idea of other men fucking Sandy made me ill at ease.
When they were both done and spent, Martha pouted and said, "None of you four has taken me in the ass."
"Sorry, babe," Bob said. "I don't do that."
"Each to his own," I said. "Suck me hard pretty woman, and I'd love to do the honors."
Bob was stunned, when Martha sucked me hard in no time, and she engulfed my entire cock in her mouth, somehow suppressing her gag reflex. I had forgotten how good she was at fellatio. Even after this monumental amount of sex, I got hard as a rock thanks to her talented mouth. Then Martha left me hard, and pointed over to the table where a tube of lube sat.
It was only the second time of my life I took a woman in the ass. I should have realized that a woman as built for sex as Martha was, with the sweetest cunt this side of the Mississippi, maybe both sides at that, would have a great ass and know how to use it. If everyone ass fucked like Martha did, the world would be a better place. And I for one would do it a lot more often!
I knew Martha hailed from Idaho. So when we were done, I pretended ignorance of course, and asked here she was from. She lied, since Bob was there, and she said northern Arizona. I asked if there were other girls like her out there?
Martha said, "Oh honey, don't you know? You're not going to find a girl like me anywhere you go. This sweet honeypot is unique, my friend."
At that Bob said, "Amen, baby. Here, here!"
Once Sandy and Martha had sent the men packing, the three of us met up in Sandy's and my room. Martha told Sandy she had cum during the fuck with me. "I love that man," she said.
"Well girl, he is mine. He's mine, mine, mine," Sandy said. "And to prove it, suck him hard for me, will you? If anyone can, you can," she said.
"You got that right, girl," Martha said. And she removed my pants and began to fondle my cock. There was no response; it was dead.
I knew it was not possible for me to get it up again. My cock was becoming red with soreness, especially from the ass fucking, and I had already blown all of the cum my nuts could make. But as usual, I underestimated Martha. That woman was a cock-sucking superstar.
After the fondles she put my cock in her mouth, and I played with her tits, devoting special attention to her erect nipples. Her nipples seemed to be speaking to me. Little by little Martha's amazing mouth brought my cock back to life, and it eventually became hard and fully erect. She then swallowed the entire length, something I had been looking forward to, and bobbed up and down on my cock to the point where I began to groan.
"That's enough, lover girl. I know his cock is lovely, but render unto Caesar what is Caesar's, girl."
Martha let my cock pop out of her mouth, and I saw that Sandy was now naked and fingering herself. She beckoned me over with two fingers of her other hand, and I knew what she wanted. She was not being subtle, after all. I climbed on top of her and my cock slipped right in. She was truly wet and ready for me.
I was tired, and I gave her a leisurely fuck. Martha said, "What's wrong, John boy? Are you lazy or something? Put the meat to that woman! She needs it." I picked up the pace, and when I did, Sandy softly moaned.
I really got into it, looking at Sandy's luscious breasts rise up and down as we fucked, and listening to Sandy's moans. "That's a good boy," Martha said, to encourage me.
I began to screw Sandy, and her moans got louder. Then while I was fucking her I began to massage her clit with my right hand. Now the moans got very loud. We fucked a long time, at least 15 minutes, and as her moans became more urgent, I fucked her faster and harder.
The moans increased in volume gradually, and then came her now famous orgasmic scream that I absolutely love. She was not subtle, shaking and vibrating and clawing my back with her fingernails, yelling, "Oh John. Oh my John. Fuck me like this always, lover. Oh God," and then she collapsed.
I can't take anymore she said, and pushed me out. I was still rock hard, and Martha said, "Come here, John boy, let me take care of that," and she engulfed my cock, covered in Sandy's juices, in her mouth.
"Thanks, Martha," Sandy said.
Martha could not reply with her mouth full of my cock, so she said, "Mmmm," and then made a buzzing sound while she sucked me which was amazing. She let my cock pop out of her mouth and sucked my balls for a long time, brushing my cock with her boobs as she did so. Then she swallowed my cock all the way down to my balls, and fucked me with her mouth.
This was too much, and I shot what jism I had left into her eager mouth. She swallowed it all. I was done for the night, and both women had cum, and so the night was considered a success.
Before we checked out of the hotel the next morning, Sandy wanted to use the hotel's hot tub. She took me down to it before breakfast and there was nobody there, and nobody was in the pool, either. She smiled at me and winked, and then removed her suit and got into the hot tub naked.
At this point there was little Sandy could do to surprise me, but getting naked in the hot tub of a huge hotel at Times Square was one of the things that could still surprise me. I got in with her, but kept my trunks on. I was nervous about this situation, but Sandy - the one who was naked - seemed relaxed.
Sandy seemed a bit insatiable, and she let me finger her to an orgasm right there in the hot tub. A young couple entered the pool area for a pre breakfast swim, and Sandy got out of the hot tub naked, showing off her body to the young couple, and then slowly and ostentatiously dried herself off. She then put on her bathing suit while the couple just stared at her, stupefied.
We then dressed, packed up, checked out of the hotel, and headed home. In the taxi home, Sandy said, "We won't discuss what happened until Friday." I nodded. Today was Wednesday, in the morning.
It took me some time to figure out Sandy. She was sexually wild, and that by now is obvious I'm sure. But underneath all her sexual promiscuity, strange habits and customs, and exhibitionism, I realized she is a vulnerable sweetheart, who had never trusted anyone before me enough to fall in love.
I still don't know why I am so special for her, but as she would tell me to do, I go with the flow. And I am glad I do, because Sandy is the one true soul mate of my life, and if she had not seduced me that first time with Martha, I might never had had the pleasure of spending my life with her.
By the way, all this love, mutual affection, trust and stability did not slow Sandy's lust for sexual perversion, even a little. I began to be astonished at just how strange she was. When she showed me her bondage side, I had to make some serious adjustments to my personality.
Fortunately, she wanted to be the one who was dominated, and she did not want it to be me. I had to learn to do that, but I did, even if it did not come naturally to me. What happened with that, and yes, it did involve Martha too, is another story in and of itself.
*******************
Sandy's Story
I like the building we live in. It's got a great location in New York City, and there are doormen 24/7, so it's a building a girl can feel safe in. I found it through my best friend in college, Martha, and we both bought apartments in it.
I bought a studio that I can barely afford, even though I am a young, successful professional architect. Martha is a banker, and she bought a classy one bedroom.
There are a lot of nice people in the building, and one guy, good looking and with a nice smile, I could tell was interested in me. I kept waiting for him to make a move, but he did not. I figured he was (1) involved with somebody, or else (2) he had a policy of not playing around with neighbors (which is quite intelligent, I should think), or else (3) he was simply a nerd and shy. There was also another possible explanation (4) that I preferred not even to consider: Reason (4) would be that he knew of my promiscuous past and found me disgusting. That happens.
So I waited for my chance to interest him. I'm a patient girl. The chance came when I stumbled on him, purely by chance, at a neighborhood coffee shop. Okay, it was not by chance but he still thinks it was.
The doorman was my spy, and this guy, whose name is John, likes to chat with the doorman. One day he told the doorman he was going out for coffee and offered to bring the doorman back a cup. John is sweet like that; it's part of his charm. The doorman, in all innocence, asked which café he likes for coffee? There are a lot in our neighborhood.
John told him; why shouldn't he? And then off he went, and the doorman buzzed my apartment, and all he said was the name of a neighborhood coffee house. That doorman is going to get a great Christmas present, I can assure you.
So I went to the coffee house, and of course there were no tables; there almost never are, New York is a busy place. I saw John, of course, and asked if I could join him, and he gave me a big smile as he said yes.
As I walked to the café I unbuttoned a button of my blouse. Okay, I'm trying to be honest here, even if it goes against my nature. I unbuttoned two buttons. That way I was showing a nice bit of cleavage. Boobs I find are the easiest way to get a man's attention, and mine are just big enough to do the job.
I constantly smiled and talked to him a long time, and I even found reasons to touch his hand and his arm as we talked, and it was clear he was thrilled by the physical contact. I was clever how I talked with him and was able to eliminate option (1). He was single. Some subtle remarks helped me to infer option (2) probably also did not apply. And by the end of an hour I was more convinced than ever that he lusted for me. So it was option (3): he was simply too shy to make a move. As I said I did not even consider option (4); it's too depressing to consider it.
Nothing says the woman can't make the first move. It's the 21st century and lots of girls do these days. I went to Smith College, an excellent all female school, and lots of my friends made the first move with men and ended up with happy relationships.
Let's face it: women see a good match long before men do, if men ever do. If a man finds a good match, it is most often by chance. He usually just wants to bed the girl, but can get lucky and she turns out to be his true love. But that's rare.
When a man finds a good match, it's usually because the woman was clever and manipulated him into finding it; the man is never the wiser.
But I don't make the first move. I just don't, it's not me. At least I don't make the first overt move. I can try to manipulate things so the man is tricked into making the first move, and in that sense I really did make the first move.
But I always let the man make the first overt move. And he always thinks finding me was his doing. I think it's just better that way.
But I gave up with John. The man was hopeless. The incident at the coffee shop was the last straw. He could not even act on my harmless exhibitionism, or all my verbal cues. Instead I planned just to use him for sex.
Martha and I team up from time to time, when we both get horny, and go out and seduce a man together. He gets to have both of us. I know this is unusual, but it's a great way to keep it just to sex. When a man beds two women at once, he usually does not follow up and ask one of them out afterward.
Sometimes sex makes man feel obligated to follow up, and that just leads to a mess. So our solution to that problem was the two women at once solution.
Most men find it thrilling, anyway. I never understood why more women of dating age don't use this strategy. But they do not, that's clear. This leaves the field wide open for Martha and me.
It's horrible for a woman if she uses a man for sex and then he wants her as his sex toy companion, and basically stalks her wanting to bed her constantly.
It gets ugly when you make clear you don't want the guy anymore. And believe me if you do that with a man, and you're good in bed (and modesty aside, both Martha and I are great in bed, especially Martha, because her fellatio skills are amazing), he'll come back for more, every single bleeping time.
So we stay away from men we know, preferring anonymity, so subsequent stalking is not realistically possible. And John, who lives in our building, is ruled out a priori. So I abandoned that idea, completely.
Martha and I were planning to go cock hunting, as we call it, right at the time New York came under a hurricane watch with the Superstorm Sandy.
Well, women are not men, and we can wait for sex, it's okay. So we put our plans on hold. But when we lost power, we were so cold, both of us, we actually considered sleeping together, just for warmth. Martha was cool with that, but I am so uptight, I just could not do it.
That's when Martha had the idea of John. We both knew he was sweet on me, and we figured we would begin by innocently asking him for coffee, after he told my friend the doorman that he could make coffee and offered the doorman a cup. I got another buzz from the doorman. I guess his Christmas present should not just be good, but spectacular. It will be, I assure you.
So I asked him for coffee. I made all sorts of lascivious remarks about sleeping together for warmth, and I could tell he kind of liked that idea, and I could probably have gotten him to propose it.
He was almost there anyway, without me having to manipulate him! But it violated my rule of fucking neighbors who would stalk me later, and that would just be horrible.
Besides, Martha would be just as half frozen as before, while I would be warm and sexually happy in John's bed. Nice for me, but not so great for Martha. On the other hand, if we ganged up on him, and had him take us both on, then neither one would be special.
And if he came after me later anyway, I could always say no, I could never do that again, after he had so enthusiastically fucked my best friend. I could tell him a nice man would never have done that. So I had an out, and he could blame himself.
I brought Martha over for coffee. John again looked thrilled to see us, and graciously invited us both in. I should explain that Martha has a wonderful, sparkling personality.
She is also drop dead gorgeous and sexy as hell. If we were gay, I would have been all over her. I cannot see any man ever successfully resisting her. I got a lot of good sex just by being next to Martha.
I'm pretty too, modesty aside, and since I like sex and want it, I'm sure that makes me sexy for men. If a girl wants sex, men can see it in her eyes and her body language.
But next to Martha, I'm nothing. That girl is something. So I knew John could not resist Martha; no man ever has. We're a team, she and I.
At Smith we developed a system. We began by trying to pick up two men, but it just wasn't enough. We figured out we each needed two men fucking us if we were going to get the release of an orgasm.
One man would have sufficed if he did cunnilingus, but the heathens we tended to find were only interested in getting themselves off. So it was blowjobs and fucking.
So we would pick up four men: Two for me, and two for Martha. Sometimes we would even swap and have a third man, and once or twice we had to have all four before we could get off.
The men just thought we were nymphomaniacs and thought they were lucky. They did not know we thought they were cretins, and just wanted to use them.
This was in college, so of course we developed a reputation among all of the college men in the entire northeast: Massachusetts, Rhode Island, Connecticut, New Hampshire, and even Vermont. I think there must be men in Maine, but really: Maine?
We were a legend, known as the Smith Gangbangers. Before we became the Smith Gangbangers, I was Sandy the Smith Slut. Or for the more alliterative minded, the Smith Slut Sandy.
The thing was, I was easy. If a man wanted to bed me, he probably could. It was that simple. He just had to be nice, sweet, respectful, and spend some money on me. Of course I never told any men that; it was just if they did not fit those simple rules, they did not get a piece of my ass. Even with my simple rules, I was able to sample all of the men I could possibly want.
The problem was, as is the case I suspect with most sluts, I was rarely sexually satisfied, no matter how handsome the man was, no matter how nice he was, no matter how much he spent on me, no matter how well endowed he was.
I just could not cum and get release. I could fairly easily if they ate me out, but almost none of them ever did, and I sure as hell was not going to ask for that.
I was disgusted by cunnilingus actually. I could not stomach putting one's mouth in such a place. But boy did it work to turn me on! If a man did that, I was putty in his hands. But almost none of them ever did, and I sampled a lot of men. I do mean a lot of them.
Gradually, and by luck and happenstance, both Martha and I independently realized that we could make up for quality sex with quantity sex. And that's how we became known as the Smith Gangbangers. It's not a very pleasant way to think of ourselves, and I still hate the moniker.
Fortunately I'm not in college anymore, and none of those sexist men know where I live, not even what city I live in, so I'm optimistic that chapter is over. I'm sure we are long forgotten by the men from those days, except maybe in their fantasies on lonely nights.
I know what you're thinking: John is only one man, and Martha and I are two needy women. Even with lots of Viagra he would not be up to the task, no matter how much he would want to be.
But it was dark and cold, and we were kind of restricted to our building, and I knew he was sweet on me, and coming over with Martha would give me some protection from him getting the wrong idea that he could henceforth fuck me whenever he got horny. Men tended to be intimidated by the two of us.
After all, what we wanted was only a little intimacy and some warmth. We did not expect to cum.
So we went to his place, ostensibly for coffee - and it would be nice to have some to drink in any event - but in reality we were there to seduce him and warm ourselves with his hunky body.
Martha and I had planned out the seduction; it would be yet another in a long list of such activities, so we were by now pretty good at it. John had no idea what was coming.
I knocked on John's door and when he opened the door I saw he was dressed nicely, always a good sign. I introduced him to Martha, but of course they had already met a few times in the building.
"Are you here for some more coffee?" he asked.
"Yes, if you do not mind. And Martha here has not had any yet today. After some coffee, she may even be capable of speech," I said, and Martha hit me gently on the arm as a form of protest.
"You're right, Martha. I mean she might be capable of polite speech." Martha hit me playfully again.
"Have a seat, ladies, and I'll go make a new pot of coffee," John said, and he left for his kitchen.
John had two nice chairs and a couch, and we each took a chair, so that John would be forced to take the couch on his return. Martha and I giggled in anticipation of what was to come, but quietly, so John would not hear us.
We both checked out his main room, which had some appealing artwork on the walls. The man has good taste, I thought. His computer was on a small desk, and I was tempted to take a peak, but wisely thought the better of it.
John returned with a small tray and three cups of steaming coffee. He gave us each one and sat in the middle of the couch, holding his. I warmed my hands with the heat of the cup, and waited for it to cool just a bit before taking a sip. I looked at Martha and she was doing the same.
John innocently asked, "I guess you two know each other?"
"Oh, we've been best friends since freshman year in college," Martha said.
"Wow. That's a long time," and then he caught himself and added, "I guess. When was your freshman year?"
"Nice try, John," I said, "But you will not learn our ages that easily. Let's just say we are younger than we both think you are."
"No doubt," he said, in a smooth recovery.
We discussed how we earn our livelihood. John is a lawyer, Martha is a banker, and I am an architect. John seemed much more interested in me than in Martha, who as I've said is prettier, has a better body, and is sexy as all hell.
Of course that does not mean I'm not pretty too, I hope that I am. It's just that Martha is prettier than everyone. And yet, John clearly preferred me. You have to like that as a trait in a man.
I gave Martha my special look, and we both rose from our chairs and sat on either side of John. "Thanks for the coffee, John," Martha purred. "It's really helping a lot. Put your coffee down for a second so that I can thank you properly."
John was puzzled, but he put down his coffee. So did Martha put down hers, and then she leaned over and gave him a super sexy kiss on his mouth, as only Martha can. It was an open mouth kiss, and she pushed open John's mouth and they sampled each other's tongues.
"Wow," John said. "I've never before been thanked so wonderfully. Thanks, Martha, for the thank you." Martha smiled.
Men should never thank women for sex, even if it's only kissing. John has a lot to learn. Of course, some men never learn. I considered him a work in progress.
We made some more small talk about the storm, and then I steered the conversation back to staying warm. It evolved to include our tastes in music. Martha mentioned she had always liked the old rock group Three Dog Night, and explained (to me, not to John; we did not want to insult his intelligence) that people in cold climates sometimes sleep with three dogs - if they have three dogs - on very cold nights.
I laughed, and said John and I had been discussing sleeping together for warmth earlier. John looked nervous. Martha said, "Well I for one think it's a great idea. Are you up for it, Sandy?"
"You bet. It's more effective without clothes, you know," I said. Martha nodded and we both got up and took off all our clothes save our panties. Both of us were checking out John's reaction. I could barely keep my laughter bottled up; the poor man was in a state of shock.
Even though I used to be known as that Smith Slut Sandy, I still worried every time a new man tried to bed me that he would not like me, or when he saw me naked would run away leaving me naked, humiliated and rejected.
I guess I was too good at choosing men I would let get that far, though, because it never happened. They all wanted to bed me. Every single one of them wanted to bed me.
But that knowledge did not help for some reason, and I was scared silly that Martha and I would gross out John. Worse, I always worried the man or men would only want Martha, never me. I was especially worried about that this time.
I guess I really did have a sweet spot for John. I pushed that emotion deep down into me; it would only mess up my head.
John had his mouth open and was checking out our boobs, first Martha, then me, then Martha, then me. I think each time he looked a little longer at me. We stood there for him to gawk for about 10 or 15 seconds, and then to avoid freezing to death we both ran to the bedroom, telling him to join us. I almost had to force him to join us, verbally that is.
He too stripped down to his briefs, and he looked better than I had even hoped. His body was sexy as hell, with rock hard abs, and strong arms. It wasn't the kind of body that one gets from being a gym rat; he was naturally this way. Yum.
He followed orders and lay down in between the two of us. I rolled onto my side and asked him to cuddle me, "for warmth." I did not want so much warmth, actually, but in reality I wanted him to put the moves on me. The first good sign was that he put his arm around me and his hand landed, I think by accident, on my left boob. Thank God he left it there.
I said, "Mmmm," to show I liked it there. Then I wiggled my panty-clad ass against his briefs. That caused his cock to grow. That was when I knew this was going to work.
When he began to remove my panties, tantalizingly slowly, I realized he was waiting for my reaction, to see if I would stop him, get angry, or have any of many negative reactions a girl could easily have. I think I must have had a big smile on my face; I know there was one in my mind and my heart.
I did nothing, letting him ever so slowly push them down, and then raised my hips off the bed to make it easier for him. When I raised my hips he got courage and he rapidly took my panties off.
When I pulled down his briefs in return, there was Martha's hand gently stroking his hard and engorged cock. I was annoyed she had confused matters, but instead I said, "Thank you Martha, for keeping him hard for me."
Martha answered, "My pleasure," while smiling at the darts I was sending her with my eyes, and suppressing a laugh. I realized I could not be angry with her after all of our history together. She knew it, too.
Once my panties were gone, and I was naked, I rolled over so my naked full frontal was facing John. He gazed at me head to toe, with lingering looks at my boobs and my nether region. Martha broke his hypnotic stare by reminding me of our deal. I confirmed it. John wanted to know what our deal was.
"She gets you after me, of course," I replied.
John wanted to know if he had a say in the matter. I do believe in free will, but you give a relatively young, healthy, heterosexual man two pretty and willing naked women in his bed, and ten times out of ten he's going to want to fuck them both.
I was pretty sure this was one of those ten times out of ten. So I told him yes, absolutely, he had a choice. I just already knew what he would do. It's not as if I am not fairly experienced in the subject! I'm not called Smith Slut Sandy for no reason.
John startled me when he said, "Sandy, I have been crazy about you for a long time." This ruined everything, and he might not accept it as the casual sex Martha and I had planned.
The last thing I needed was a man in my own building with the hots for me, and trying to get me back to bed because he thinks he loves me. I was scared out of my mind.
I was panicking, not knowing what to do. I could feel my heart racing and was on the verge of a panic attack. I glanced at Martha and she saw the fear in my eyes and immediately understood my thinking.
Martha knows me inside out. She also knew how at one point I had tried to get John romantically interested in me and how I struck out in royal fashion.
Martha is one smart cookie. In that same second she realized I had succeeded in getting John interested in me, he just had never acted on it before. In addition, she somehow knew I had also fallen for John, even if I been unaware I had.
But also on some level I loved him, with his innocent, shy ways. All of these realizations, obvious in retrospect, escaped me at that moment of unbridled panic.
Martha spoke to me with her eyes and nodded her head. In our secret way of communicating, I realized she was telling me to calm down, to go for it, she would explain later when we were alone.
I was still terrified despite Martha's reassurance. But Martha was never wrong in my experience, so I trusted her, and before I lost my nerve I just sat up and put myself down on top of John's nice erect cock, facing him so that he could enjoy my boobs bouncing while I rode him. And ride him I did!
I could tell he was enjoying watching my boobs bounce around, enjoying the show along with the fuck. I was having fun, and I began to relax, just to get into the sex.
But then John surprised me, taking control and rolling in such a way that I was underneath him, and he was nailing me missionary style. I love it when a man takes control, especially when he does it gently and especially if he does it lovingly. This was the case here.
For me that is the most macho thing a man can do: To be gentle and loving while taking no holds barred control. I groaned and moaned to let him know how much I liked it.
Then he surprised me once again, this time by holding the fuck with his cock deep inside me so that he could lean forward and kiss me. In all my experience as the Smith Slut Sandy, and half the team of the Smith Gangbangers, no man had ever done that.
And it wasn't just that he kissed me. It was the way he kissed me. There was pure eros, pure love in his kiss. I had never had a kiss even remotely that sensual and sexy.
And on top of his kiss, his cock, gently twitching deep inside me while he kissed me just felt so good I can't do it justice. Every nerve cell on the walls of my vaginal canal was alive and screaming out Yes! into my brain. It was the most beautiful moment of my life.
All my desires to find the right man for so long, the constant looking and almost defensive fucking of every man who was halfway reasonable, all the frustration and despair of ever finding a good man, it all vanished in that instant.
I was so overwhelmed I could not even process it. There was only one possible response: Tears of joy, and they streamed down my cheeks.
My tears surprised John, and he did not understand why I was crying. I'm sure Martha knew exactly why. But John was worried he had done something wrong, or even hurt me.
He was about to pull out. Well, I could not have that! So I started moving my hips, humping him, forcing him to continue the fuck. That worked thank God, and he gave me the fuck of my life to boot.
To my shock and complete surprise, I came during that fuck with John. I had never before cum during my first fuck with only one man. I screamed out something embarrassing involving Mary, the mother of Jesus, something I had never screamed before during my (very) large number of previous copulations.
This confirmed there was something special for me about John. I asked him to cum inside me, something I have never before asked a man to do.
I love to fuck, and I have proved it by fucking my way all around New England and New York. But until that night, it was always nothing more than highly pleasurable sex. Don't get me wrong, I absolutely love the sex. But with John I realized in that instance it was love. That completely changes the equation. It was a whole different beast.
I told Martha that John was the one. By doing that, I was also telling John. There goes the coy seduction strategy; all my cards were right there on the table even in the middle of our first fuck. And I won, I won John, he was mine, all mine. He loved me too. A storybook ending, right?
But sometimes people are idiots, and I am no exception. I let John fuck Martha that night (actually I was both very glad and simultaneously disappointed John agreed to fuck Martha too; but as I have said, absolutely no man can resist Martha if she wants him).
And Martha wanted John just then - she needed him. And Martha is my best friend. Even more we are so close we are almost the same person. I could not have denied Martha permission to fuck John, at least not right then.
I knew Martha wanted him, and I also knew Martha is irresistible to men when she wants them. At some point they were going to fuck, and better it be now, in front of me, where I can control it to some extent.
John pleasantly surprised and reassured me by refusing the offer of fellatio from Martha, asking instead if I could suck him hard so that he could fuck Martha. I actually think he agreed to fuck Martha just to please me!
I tried hard to give as good a blowjob as I could. He had a good-sized dick, and I put my usual moves on him, licking the head slowly, and then caressing his balls with my hands while I did the lollipop thing down the length of his cock.
It tasted great, a good sign. Of course much of what I tasted was my own juices clinging to his cock.
I had an idea. I had never managed to deep throat a man before, mostly I think because I never tried seriously to do it. I decided to try. I did know how to suppress my gag reflex but it did not always work.
I took his cock into my mouth and little by little I swallowed more and more of it, and then in a burst of courage I swallowed the entire thing right down to his balls. I could not believe it! Neither could Martha, and John just groaned and lovingly stroked my hair.
Martha told me later it was quite a site to see John's entire penis disappear into my mouth. She could deep throat too and she did it often. But she had never seen someone else do it right in front of her.
She found it erotic, and felt some arousal while she watched me swallow the entire thing. She could not help but wonder where on earth it had all gone!
I never told John, but it was the first time I had ever been able to swallow the entire length of a man's cock. It was a memorable moment among many that day.
I have heard of women who lift cars in an adrenaline rush when their child is trapped underneath, and maybe it was that, except I was fellating John's cock, not lifting a car. In any event, I was pretty proud of myself.
Then John fucked Martha. Normally, watching a man I just fucked recover his erection and next fuck Martha would have been erotic for me, even very erotic, but this time it made me inexplicably sad. I realized I was smitten for the first time in my life.
Once John began to fuck Martha the entire rest of the time became a blur. Martha told me later I told John I loved him, and I also told him he loved me! I don't even remember doing it, but I know how my mind works: I had to do that, I guess, or he would not have figured it out.
I also told him (according to Martha, who would never lie to me), that from now on I was sharing his bed every night.
When Martha told me all this I was stunned. I am never like that! I could never by the aggressor in a relationship and yet I clearly was. I have thought a lot about this, and now I think all I was doing was explaining to John what had suddenly become patently obvious to me.
I was not going after him; I was instead explaining to him that he had won my heart. In reality of course, I had also won his. Win-win, as they say.
And I did. I was true to my word. I spent every night with him, and we became a couple and we were both deliriously happy. The sex was great and the love was truly wonderful. Martha was happy for me although both Martha and I knew she felt a bit abandoned.
One of the aspects of Martha and I taking on a man at the same time, is that we both get off on watching live sex, but even more by the being the performer and having an audience. I felt that I wanted John to know about this side of me. I was praying he would be okay with it.
This was why I did a strip tease for him in his main room, where the people across the courtyard could all watch. He was clearly disturbed by this, but to my surprise and delight, he got into it and actually fucked me right there in the main room.
Of course, I had been bent over a chair and had presented my cunt and my asshole to him, so I would have hoped it was hard for him to resist. But he could have picked me up and carried me to the bedroom.
He didn't, he chose my cunt, and he fucked me right there, bent over the chair. I was so excited when he did that I came for him again on the first fuck!
So far, he was accepting every weird thing about me, and the sex was great. And then I stupidly decided to go for the ultimate test. What was stupid was that it was much too large a risk to take.
Martha was pressuring me to go for it for her own sexual needs, but in reality I felt John had to understand me, and to understand me he had to understand my past as a shameless slut who was into group sex. That is a hell of a lot to ask of a man, any man, and I was once again terrified.
It was as if I wanted to self-destruct. I took a huge risk and decided to involve John in one of our Smith style Gangbang experiences, where Martha and I could totally get our sexual rocks off. John was going to see me at my slutty worst and watch me fuck one or more men in front of him.
This was a moronic thing to do in front of a man one loves, perhaps especially near the beginning of a relationship. But I felt he had to know just how fucked up (pun intended) a slut he was getting for his lover.
Oh yes, and it helps that I am also an exhibitionist. I also enjoy light bondage and of course fucking several men in a night. What kind of man could put up with a slut like that for his life partner? None, I would say. So I was risking a lot.
It was an insane thing to do. As I said, it was a self-destructive move. I was probably going to lose the love of my life, and for what? A single night of unbridled sexual pleasure?
Was I a moron? Yes, I think I was. I was also a loyal friend to Martha. We too were in love: not sexually, but in love nonetheless.
But as I said earlier, I needed to him to know about my slutty nature and to understand it and to accept it. The safest way to ensure that was to involve him in it. Or at least, that's what I thought at the time.
Martha and I had not gangbanged for around 8 months, and we (especially Martha) were horny as hell. So I cajoled and pressured John into agreeing. And we did it, the three of us.
We went to a hotel with a convention in progress, we dressed the part of conventioneers, and Martha and I were by far the prettiest and the sexiest women at the convention.
This was usually the case. Even if a woman going to a convention is naturally pretty and sexy, she will let the prettiness shine, but she will usually try to suppress the sexy part of her nature.
After all, these are her colleagues, and were she to seduce someone, or be seduced, the ensuing gossip would haunt her forever. So most women are smart enough not to use their own professional conventions as happy hunting grounds.
We were frauds of course, so the rules did not apply to us. We got two rooms at the hotel and found some likely boorish men, I'll call them chiefs, since they were from Chicago, and the University of Illinois used to have Chief Illiniwek as its mascot. I know that from my Smith days, when a friend of Martha's came to visit.
He was from the University of Illinois. He hailed from Kentucky, and had the southern name of Bobby Jack. He of course had a Neanderthal's ideas about women, but we didn't care. He left at the end of the three-day weekend with carnal knowledge of both Martha and me, of course.
We fucked him dry to the point where he actually saw a doctor back in Champaign because his penis was so sore from so much fucking and so many blowjobs. Poor Bobby Jack, I suspect that small town doctor was both highly amused and also jealous.
The chiefs were sitting at a bar, and John, Martha and I joined them. We played our parts well and when we invited them to my hotel room to continue drinking and maybe some dancing, I felt like the piped piper leading the men out of the bar to my room to their death.
The results were not their deaths, or course, but getting to fuck the shit out of both Martha and me, something they seemed to enjoy a lot. I first took on John and one of the chiefs, after Martha left to take two of the chiefs to her room at the convention hotel.
This was the first time I was fucking another man, a complete stranger, in front of John. He was seeing close up and personal just what a slut of a woman he was getting. He was also getting a live sex show starring his partner.
It was the first time John had ever witnessed a live sex show. I tried to put on a good performance for him. He also saw a live sex show when we swapped and his chief and he went to Martha's room to fuck her.
It's hard to compete with Martha. She is a talented woman, good at many things, but putting on a live sex show has to be one her best talents. I had arranged with Martha to suppress and hide any orgasms we might get from the chiefs, and if necessary to fake orgasms with John.
This was devious of course, but hey, that's what us women do. And it worked. Two men made me cum, and happily one of them was John. Three men made Martha cum, and one of them was John.
But John thought he was the only man making either of us cum, and this really helped in the gross out factor of seeing the woman you love fuck other men right in front of you.
Indeed, competition is a powerful force, especially when it is combined with machismo.
The chiefs did not care. After all, we were pretty and sexy and they got to fuck our brains out for no apparent reason, no strings attached. Win-win.
So John passed all of my tests, and he still loved me and wanted to be with me forever. I could not believe my good fortune. Anyway, extreme sexual promiscuity is a young woman's game.
As I get older I imagine it will become less easy to seduce strangers for wild sex. I needed a good man to get old with, and I had found John.
He had yet another test. This was less important, but I let him know that I like to be bound and dominated. Nothing too kinky, I'm not into pain or anything, I just like it when a man takes control of me and I have no choice but to submit to him.
You can imagine my surprise when John was into this! It was actually his idea to "force" me into exhibitionism, and it really became impressive when he surprised me with a trip to Aruba.
There were lots of families with children there, so we had to be careful. But after the children went to bed, we had fun.
One time he tied me to the bed and had his way with me. There was a knock at the door, and a man we had met the previous night at a local bar was there.
He came into the room while I was naked, tied to the bed with my legs spread, and had just been fucked a little, which I guess was obvious. I was horribly embarrassed! But John told me I had been a "bad girl" today, and that "I knew what to do."
I blew the man a kiss, and that was all the encouragement he needed to strip off his clothes, climb on top of me, and fuck me silly, with John not only watching, but filming us with our video camera.
When he was done, John untied me and told me to suck him hard. I did. Then he took me again, this time from behind, since John had redone the bondage and had tied me up in a different way.
The next day we found a way to do the deed on the beach, even with a voyeur! It was not easy, Aruba's beaches are crowded, but John is a resourceful man. I wondered if John would try to involve the voyeur, but to my relief he did not.
John had found a way to combine my perversions, and to my surprise and relief, he enjoyed it, too. Once this was all determined, we had some quite wild times together, and I was in a near constant state of sexual satisfaction.
We had, I should say, the perfect marriage, considering how strange we are. Well, to sum it all up with a tautology, we are what we are.