This is the last chapter in this series. Thanks to everybody who has read it. Your comments, follows, and favorites kept me writing. I have more ideas for future stories and Kelsey has already made a background appearance in Jordan's story.
***
It was Monday morning and Gracie Levingston's ordeal was going to be over in a few hours. Gracie's body and hair were wrapped in rough white towels. She was sitting on the hotel bed as her friends, Kelsey and AJ, took their turns in the bathroom before they all checked out of the hotel.
Gracie read the preparation checklist on her phone. The checklist for this Punishment Center out in the country was basically the same as the Punishment Center in her home city. Among other things, she had to be hairless below the neck, couldn't wear any jewelry, and was reminded not to take any pain relievers. "How would they even know?"she wondered, though she wasn't going to test it.
The only difference was that this Punishment Center suggested specifically that she wear tennis shoes and a sports bra. Gracie couldn't think of why that would matter. She knew from experience that she would have her clothes taken from her soon after being taken into the back rooms of the prison. Even when she had been given a robe to wear, the guards still didn't let her have her own clothes.
Gracie didn't usually wear sports bras. It was hard to squeeze her large breasts into them and she didn't exercise often so she had no reason to tolerate them. However, she was going to follow directions. On Friday, before heading out of the city, she had gone to the sporting good's store and bought a pink bra with the brand logo plastered on the center. She pulled it out of her suitcase and, letting the towel fall, wrapped the pink fabric around her and zipped it closed in the front.
Next, she pulled on pink bikini cut panties. Gracie hadn't thought about it when she had packed but these were the same pair that she had worn on the day of her first punishment. "I made it through that day, I can make it through today,"she thought to herself.
Today's punishment, corporal punishment by electroshock, was supposed to be the most painful of her punishments and she was nervous. However, she was not as apprehensive as she had before the other two punishments. Two weeks ago, she had been caned in front of hundreds of people on a stage in a public park. That had been when she was the most scared. It was her first time, after all, but she had met her two new friends there, so it hadn't been all bad. And last week she had been spanked on her vulva in front of a theater full of people. Even then something interesting had happened. She discovered that she liked being looked at naked by the strangers and had gotten aroused during the spanking.
Gracie knew it was a small sample size, but her last two punishments had had a silver lining and she expected today would be no different. She wished she didn't have to go to the Punishment Center today, but it wasn't as scary as it had been when the judge had read out her sentence all that time ago.
Another reason that she wasn't scared was because of how great AJ and Kelsey had been since she'd met them. She had thought their friendship would end after the first day, merely a companionship of convenience, but the two teenaged women had been steadfast friends. Gracie was a decade older than them, but despite the age difference, she'd found them to be supportive and wise. Kelsey had encouraged Gracie to shed her insecurities about her body and given her words of advice about how to get through her punishments.
Kelsey's strategy today was that the electroshock punishment couldn't possibly be as scary as it sounded. The horror stories that the punishment suggested wouldn't be safe so the actual punishment must be mild. Gracie was partially convinced that a lot of the punishment must just be the fear that it brought to prisoner's minds beforehand, but she knew deep down that it was still going to be agonizing.
Last night, Gracie and the girls continued a tradition they'd started before her second punishment. They got together and talked about their fears and "practiced" what they thought would happen to Gracie today. They had decided that there was no way to prepare for the shocks, but they could predict how it would be done. Since all the Punishment Center's techniques were sexual in nature, they concluded that the shocks might be delivered through probes in her vagina or ass, so they had all pushed hairbrushes into their asses.
Gracie didn't think the practice actually prepared her for anything today, but the nights with her friends had now became a sexually charged tradition. The first time, Kelsey and AJ had hooked up for he first time and Gracie had touched herself while listening to their moans through the thin walls of Kelsey's apartment. Last night they took it a step further and Gracie had admitted to being turned on while being watched. She had masturbated while AJ and Kelsey had sex just a few feet away on the other bed. Ultimately, Gracie had decided she liked these sexual encounters even if, in the end, she was the third wheel.
While she pondered her experiences the last couple weeks, Gracie finished getting dressed. She pulled on her blue skinny jeans and a white camisole before putting on a maroon sweater. The checklists always warned that the Punishment Centers were cold and that she should wear warm clothing. "I don't know why I listen. I'm naked so quickly, it's obvious they don't actually care."
As Gracie moved on to packing her bag, Kelsey and AJ, both wrapped in towels, came out of the bathroom. Kelsey was the smallest of the three girls. She had a cute round face and brown hair in a short, boyish style. AJ was more voluptuous and had long curly blonde hair. Gracie turned her back to them, allowing them to get dressed without her leering. She knew, logically, that the nudity line had already been crossed by all three of them, but it was still different in the morning light.
Soon, everyone was doing their last walkthrough of the hotel room, double checking that they hadn't left anything. Kelsey had on jean shorts and a black t-shirt and AJ had a lacy aquamarine sundress.
"I think we're ready," Gracie announced, knowing that they wouldn't be the ones that volunteered to leave. All three of them knew what was coming was inevitable, but they all instinctively tried to put it off as long as they could.
"Alright," Kelsey said, "We'll bring the car around and meet you down front. They all wheeled their luggage down the hallway toward the elevators. At the bottom, Kelsey and AJ went out to the parking lot and Gracie went to the front desk to settle the bill.
A few minutes later, Gracie climbed into the backseat of her green sedan. Kelsey was driving and AJ was in the passenger seat. They had agreed to this configuration on the drive from the city. Gracie didn't want to drive herself to the Punishment Center. It made her feel like she was participating more in her own punishment if she drove herself and she didn't want that. She felt bad for making Kelsey drive instead, but Kelsey had enthusiastically agreed saying she'd do anything to make it easier for her friend.
The weather looked like it could turn bad at any moment. There were heavy rain clouds sitting low in the sky, matching Gracie's mood.
They had an hour to get to the Punishment Center which was still thirty minutes away. It was even more in the country than the rural town where they had stayed. Kelsey stopped at a drive through restaurant and they all ordered breakfast sandwiches and coffee. Gracie wasn't hungry but ordered at her friends' urging.
When they were on their way out of town, Kelsey spoke, "So what do you want to talk about?"
"We don't have to talk about anything. I know I'll be ok," Gracie responded, "It's not going to be as bad as it sounds. They're just trying to scare me."
"Exactly! You're almost done, and then you can put everything behind you," Kelsey said.
"And we will be waiting outside when you walk out," AJ chimed in, "I wish the place wasn't so far out here."
"Yeah, sorry to make you guys travel so far," Gracie answered.
"We'd go wherever you needed us," AJ responded as she turned around to smile at Gracie, "Are you nervous?"
"Yeah, I have butterflies now that the clock is ticking," Gracie leaned forward and put her hand between the two front seats, which AJ held in support.
"Do you want to change subjects?" AJ asked.
"Sure."
"Sorry about last night. We shouldn't have asked you to join us."
Kelsey drew her breath in sharply, "Is that really changing subjects? We can talk about that later. Talk about something less awkward."
Gracie laughed. Kelsey was very gung-ho when she was planning their nights together but was a little prudish when it came down to it. "No, it's ok. I thought about it, but I don't want to get between you two. I'm having fun on my own," she giggled.
"Well that's good," Kelsey said, "But I feel weird talking about sex when we are on our way to . . . you know."
Gracie knew where Kelsey was coming from. The new Punishment Codes used the taboos around sex against criminals. Making people embarrassed multiplied the severity of the corporal punishments, which weren't too severe on their own, in her experience. "We can talk about it later," Gracie agreed.
As they drove through farmland toward the Punishment Center, their conversation devolved into meaningless small talk as the two teenagers tried to distract Gracie. When they were nearly there, AJ, who was keeping an eye on the GPS, indicated they had to turn down a road that was heavily forested on either side. At the entrance to the road was a large metal sign indicating they were in the right place.
The leafy driveway filled the car with shadows as it travelled toward the Punishment Center. Gracie craned her neck so she could see down the middle of the windshield, but she couldn't yet see the Center. As the main road disappeared behind them, the forest stretched as far as she could see in every direction. She realized that putting the Center in the middle of the woods made it hard for any escapees to make it back to civilization. "It's ok. I wasn't going to run anyway,"she tried to tell herself, as the butterflies in her stomach intensified their flapping.
When they finally approached the building after what felt like many miles, the trees separated. While most Punishment Centers had been added onto courthouses, this one looked like it had been grafted onto an already existing prison. A tall chain-link fence with barbed wire surrounded the clearing and there was only one entrance with a guard in a booth and an arm that prevented them from driving through."I wonder if there are any long-term prisoners here?"
Kelsey slowly brought the car up to the guard station and rolled down the window, "Hi. We are dropping somebody off at the Punishment Center."
"Their name?" the guard grunted.
"Gracie Levingston," Kelsey responded.
"Ok, are you going to be waiting on her?"
"Um, yes, sir. If that's allowed," Kelsey squeaked.
"It is but take this anyway," the guard handed her a plastic pass that could be hung from the rear-view mirror. "If you leave, you'll need that to come back in to pick her up. You're not allowed to enter the building and will have to stay in the parking lot. I suggest coming back later."
Kelsey nodded and the guard raised the arm. Kelsey followed signs labelled for drop-offs and parked in a small empty parking lot near the entrance.
When Kelsey turned the car off, Gracie took a deep breath and got out of the car. The two younger women got out with her.
"You're going to be fine," AJ assured her as they hugged.
"Yeah, don't be scared," Kelsey urged her as she joined their huddle, "We'll be here when you get out."
"Thank you, girls. You don't have to sit here the whole time. I won't even know."
"Don't worry about that," AJ said, "Take care of yourself. We love you."
"I love you, sister," Kelsey agreed.
"I love you, too," Gracie said as they broke off their group hug. She hesitated as she looked at the entrance.
She realized that the Center wasn't one big structure but a series of squat prefabricated buildings. Taking a deep breath, she said her last goodbye, "I'm going to go. I'll see you soon."
She walked toward the entrance and, pulling the heavy doors open, left her friends behind. The room on the other side was small, nothing like the grand lobby of the other Punishment Center. When she walked up to the window, nobody was there. Gracie looked around, "Did I come to the right place?"
As she looked for a bell and debated calling out, a man in a blue collared shirt entered the office on the other side of the window. "Hello," he called as he walked to his place opposite her.
"Hi, I'm Gracie."
"Levingston? Good, good. You're the only person scheduled today. Last second, I see," he said as he examined his screen. "Ah, yes, I see why you were transferred here. Not many JCs even have protocols for that code. ID please."
Gracie slipped her driver's license, the only thing she had other than clothes, out of her pocket and passed it to the man. She was uncomfortable that he knew what was going to happen to her today, but she knew somebody had to have that information, "Probably hundreds of people if they wanted it."
Gracie frowned at the thought as she waited patiently, he entered information into his machine and handed the ID back to her. "Wait there, just a minute, a guard will come out to fetch you."
That was different. In the past she had been sent to a waiting room before she was summoned to the back. She slipped her ID back into her pocket and crossed her arms.
In a few moments, a woman, about Gracie's age, with platinum blonde hair, pulled back into a tight ponytail entered the lobby. "Hello, Gracie, I am your punishment liaison. You can call me Mary."
"Hi."
"Hands behind your back, please. I have to take you out of this building to your punishment block."
Gracie obeyed. She turned around and crossed her wrists at the small of her back as the guard tightened handcuffs around them and gripped her bicep. At Mary's urging, Gracie went back out the front door of the building. To her left, she could see Kelsey and AJ still in her car, but she was forced to walk to the right. She hoped her friends hadn't seen her, not wanting them to be scared or transported back to their punishment day. They walked a few hundred feet down the concrete sidewalk and as they reached the end of the first building the sidewalk rounded the corner so that she couldn't be seen from the parking lot.
As they walked, she realized that the squat buildings were organized roughly in a rectangle around a central courtyard that was also ringed with a chain-link fence. When they reached the fence, Mary pushed her to the left, so they were now walking clockwise around the courtyard. The buildings were all the same, not very wide but fairly long and only one story. If they differed at all it was in their interiors which Gracie could only guess at. What held her attention, though, was in the courtyard.
There were a variety of posts, crosses, and benches and Gracie knew how they were used. She'd seen similar ones at the public punishment where she had been strapped to a bench and caned. The courtyard had enough space for dozens of poor souls to all be punished at once. Gracie hoped her punishment today wouldn't be outside, she suspected it wouldn't, but it was hard to tell at these places. If it was, Gracie decided, she was happy that no one else was around, "At least it would be mostly private."
The two of them walked past three more of the drab buildings before Mary squeezed Gracie's arm signaling her to stop.
"This one is us," she said as she walked to the door and inserted a key. Mary motioned Gracie into the building and locked the door behind her. From the door to the back wall was maybe five paces. To the left was the outer wall of the building and to the right was another wall with a door that must lead to the next room. "Your whole day is spent in this building," Mary informed her, "Head into the next room and I'll explain everything."
Gracie, relieved to have escaped the courtyard, didn't wait for Mary to grab her and push her through as she passed into the open doorway. Twenty feet in front of her was another closed door that led to the next room. There was a metal table bolted to the floor with two chairs, one on each side of the table. There was a filing cabinet against the wall to Gracie's right. In the back-left corner was a white curtain that hung from a metal rod attached to the ceiling.
"Here," Mary said as she grabbed Gracie's wrists, removing the cuffs, "Sit in the chair closer to the wall."
Gracie walked around the table, examining the curtain, but not seeing anything remarkable. She sat down on the hard chair and waited. Mary, after locking the door, pulled a folder out of the cabinet and laid it on the table.
Sitting down, she said, "Here, you've done this before." She pushed a sheet of paper with the oath that she had signed twice already, "Sign it and repeat it back to me."
Gracie scribbled her signature, "I am Gracie Levingston, and, under the threat of perjury, I have not taken any substances that could change my mood or cognitive functions."
"And you have been sentenced to a J45 electroshock punishment?"
"Yes, ma'am," Gracie replied.
"Alright, good. I know that this isn't the first Punishment Center you have attended, but this Center does things significantly different than most. First of all, you have a punishment liaison, me," she said, tapping herself on the chest.
"Instead of guards that pass you from person to person. I am going to do almost everything to get you ready for the procedure today. I will explain everything to you, answer questions, search you, conduct your threshold test, restrain you, and attach the electrodes and monitors."
Most of that made sense to Gracie though she didn't really see a difference between a punishment liaison and a guard. As she opened her mouth to ask about the threshold test, Mary interrupted her.
"I'll explain everything in more detail and answer questions at the end. There is also a doctor who will do a medical exam and witness the procedure. There is a punishment technician, whom you will never see. You'll be blindfolded before he is in the room."
Gracie didn't like the idea of that. She was hoping to distract herself by thinking about people watching her punishment. "I'll just have to imagine."
Mary must have noticed her distraction, "Are you following?"
"Um, yes," Gracie said, nodding. "Come on, pay attention,"she chided herself.
"First off, I want to assure you that everything about your procedure is totally safe. This Center has carried out J45s more than a dozen times and there have never been any medical emergencies."
Gracie felt heartened. She knew that it might be an empty promise, but having it said so concretely made her believe it.
Mary continued, "This Center is unique in some ways. As you probably noticed, we aren't a very busy place. There aren't very many people in our community so we don't have to perform many procedures, so our administrators have decided to specialize in some of the rarer punishments and to invest in some technologies and techniques that other Punishment Centers don't have time to bother with."
"That explains why this place can carry out an electrocution,"Gracie realized. She was becoming more comfortable with being here since they were experts. She imagined that the technicians at the other PC must only hit people in different ways.
"When we were implementing the protocols for your procedure we consulted with people from a variety of fields. Of course, doctors and engineers could help us make it safe and could explain how to make the equipment, but others also contributed."
Gracie wondered where this was going. There had to be a reason Mary was telling her this.
"Surprisingly, although maybe not when you think about it, people from the kink community were very helpful. They were very aware of safety and knew what levels of electricity were enough to cause pain but not injure you in the long term. They were also insightful as to how to increase mental stress which is very helpful since we had to be aware of physical limits in order to keep the procedure to low risk levels."
"Oh, that's why she was telling me this."Gracie's heartrate increased as she realized what was going on. Even the preparation for her punishment was meant to raise her fears as she waited for the actual procedure. Even if the shocks weren't so bad, the process was going to build it up so much that it would feel much more intense. She looked at Mary, who had been quite nice and informative so far, and realized she should be suspicious of everything that she said and did.
"But let me digress, the first thing that is going to happen is the search. You can get undressed behind the curtain. When you've removed all your clothing, you can fold it and bring it back for me to search. Then you will have to submit to an examination from me. I'm checking for a couple of things. Most places care mostly about contraband but that isn't so important here because I am going to be with you the whole time and you won't be able to use anything you are trying to sneak in."
Gracie was prepared for this. She had been cavity searched twice now and she expected Mary to be much gentler than the man who had searched her last week. He had taken some liberties that ultimately led her to being punished at this Punishment Center rather than the one in her home city.
Mary hadn't stopped talking, "I will, of course, find any contraband but I'm more interested in making sure nothing will endanger the efficacy of the procedure. We found one girl try to sneak a gel that was meant to insulate her vagina from the electricity. That didn't end well for her. I trust you're not trying to do anything like that?"
Gracie shook her head. She wouldn't be so stupid as break any rules, but she suspected that reminding her of what was soon to happen was just meant to scare her. "I bet that didn't even happen."
"I'm also going to check that you followed grooming instructions. It is especially important because of the nature of the punishment. Hair and electricity don't mix."
The strategy was working. Gracie was worried if she had been thorough when she shaved this morning. "Would they give me a chance to shave it closer? Would they give me an enhancement for not following directions?"
Mary continued her monologue as Gracie's anxiety grew, "When I'm satisfied, then you can actually put your underwear and shoes back on. We will go into the next room so that we can complete your threshold testing. The doctor and I will record your vital signs when you are engaged in physical activity while you jog on a treadmill for fifteen minutes. We do this so that we can better monitor you during your procedure."
That answered Gracie's question about why they suggested specific clothes for the day. She was glad that they seemed to take her safety seriously though she wasn't looking forward to jogging in her underwear. "I hope the doctor is a woman, too. And I'm so out of shape,"she realized.
"When you are done you will have to take your clothes off again and submit to a medical exam from the doctor. Again, this is to be certain that the procedure can be carried out safely.
"After all that is complete, the doctor and I will take you into the last room," Mary said before pausing.
Gracie thought that the pause must be for dramatic effect and she couldn't deny it was working. Her anticipation was rising, and she didn't like it. She tried to tell herself to calm down, "Kelsey's theory was right! They're just trying to scare you. Don't let them. Relax!"
She focused on taking deep, controlled breaths as she listened to her liaison, "There, we will secure you to the punishment chair."
"Chair,"the word struck Gracie like a hammer. Visions of a wooden chair with leather straps had haunted her the past week but she had convinced herself that that was unlikely. Though it didn't seem like the Punishment Center's style, which seemed more metallic and sanitized, Gracie's imagination couldn't shake the terrifying idea. Hearing Mary confirm she would be strapped to a chair brought it all rushing back.
"First, I will attach electrode pads to your buttocks, then you will have to sit onto two electrodes that will enter your vagina and your anus. You can help me and you by sitting on them yourself. You don't want me to have to call for backup to put you in the chair, do you?"
Gracie wasn't going to disobey like she had last week when the guard goaded her into disobeying him. It had earned her time with nipple clamps and, besides, Mary wasn't being mean to her. "No, ma'am. I'll do whatever you ask."
"Good, the electrodes are covered in a gel that ensures even conduction, which is something you want. After you are down, then I will strap you to the chair so that you can't escape, but also so you don't hurt yourself flailing around during the procedure."
This was getting worse and worse for Gracie, "It's bad enough that I'd be flailing around?"
"Once you are secured to the chair, then I will attach electrode pads to your vulva and various places on your legs."
Gracie wondered why they were only attached to her legs. She had been imagining them across her body, not thinking that the Center could help but shock her breasts, at the very least. She started to blurt out the question but remembered she would get to ask questions at the end.
"After that," Mary continued, "I will attach monitoring devices so we can ensure your safety. If your vitals are too far outside the normal range, then the procedure will be stopped."
Gracie wondered what would happen if it stopped early. "Does it restart after they check me? Do I have to come back another day?"she wondered, adding more questions for Mary to answer soon.
"When all that is over, I will put a gag in your mouth that will prevent you from biting your tongue and then I will blindfold you before the Punishment Technician comes into the room. They will check behind my work and then plug in all of the wires to the punishment apparatus."
The whole time that Gracie had been listening to the description, she had concentrated on sitting in stony silence. Part of it was trying to accept what was to come, just like Kelsey suggested, but she also didn't like to show fear to the guard. Especially now that she thought inflicting terror was part of the process, she wanted to appear serene and not give Mary any satisfaction. However, inside, she was becoming a mess.
Her stomach was in knots and she tried to resist shaking as adrenaline pumped through her telling her to run. She could comprehend being caned or spanked. She'd even practiced being spanked, however tamely, but today was completely alien and unnerving. Unfortunately, hearing it spelled out made it even worse.
She realized how absurd this all was. Gracie almost understood the logic behind the public punishments. They could be warnings to the crowd, but this was just vengeful. It didn't seem right, but she couldn't escape it now. She tried to catch herself from going down the rabbit hole of anger and despair, "Relax, relax! They're trying to scare you. We talked about this last night!"
Mary was almost done, "Then the technician engages the machine and five minutes later it's all done."
Gracie hated that she just skipped over those five minutes. She's spelled out everything else but spent one sentence on the worst part of the day, "Can I ask questions now?"
"One last thing. There is another medical checkup and an observation period as we make sure there are no lasting side effects. Then you'll be allowed to get dressed and discharged. Now you can ask any questions. I'll answer them the best I can."
"Ok, but what happens if something happens and the, um, procedure stops early?"
"That's a case by case basis. It depends on the reason it stopped and how far along the procedure had progressed. I've never seen a J45 get stopped early."
Gracie wasn't sure if that made her feel better or worse. Instinctively she'd hoped that it could end early, but that would mean something had gone wrong and there was no guarantee that would spare her. She decided to change the subject. She wanted to ask why the electricity was all on her lower body, but not wanting to seem too curious, she was embarrassed to ask it so directly, "Where are the electrodes, again?"
Mary smirked. Gracie wondered if everybody in her predicament got curious or if she was weird. Gracie knew that some people liked stuff like this, "Is that what Mary thinks of me? Does she know I got wet last week? Is that in my file?"Gracie was paranoid but tried to push it out of her mind as Mary answered.
"There are two electrodes mounted onto the chair that will go into your vagina and anus and there are pads that are sticky and conduct electricity. Four are on your vulva, four are on your buttocks and two each on your thighs and calves."
While informative, that really wasn't what Gracie was asking. She decided to just be more straightforward, "Why aren't they in other places. I was imagining you would shock me everywhere."
"It's for your safety," Mary answered patiently, "We don't want electricity passing through your chest or near other vital organs."
Gracie nodded, deciding that that was good news, at least. This place seemed like they cared about her health, though her privates seemed like vital organs to her.
There was one more question she had but didn't know how to ask it. It wasn't like Mary could tell her how it would feel, and maybe she didn't want to know anyway. Deciding to not risk it, Gracie put on a brave face, "Clothes now?"
"If you don't have any more questions."
Gracie shook her head and stood, looking at the white curtain that shielded one corner of the room from the rest. She was glad to have the privacy, even if it seemed unnecessary. She'd shown her body to at least a thousand people, adding Mary to the list didn't seem like much and she was going to have to come out from behind the curtain to be searched anyway.
Gracie stepped across the room and went behind the curtain. It was cramped in the corner. Serving as a shelf, there was a small metal slab that jutted out from the wall that took up much of the space. The fabric only fell partially down her calves, so she wasn't totally obscured from the guard.
"Fold your clothes and leave them on the shelf. Leave them their and come out when you're done," Mary called behind her.
Gracie furrowed her brow and took a deep breath. She pushed the sole of her tennis shoe against the heel of the other and stepped out before repeating the motion with the other. Then she rolled her socks off her ankles before placing them on the metal slab.
As she stood barefoot on the hard-tiled floor, her fingers went to the buttons on her tight jeans. Soon they were undone, and she slid them down her thighs and bent down and slid them off her feet. After folding them and tossing them on top of her socks, she pulled off her oversized maroon sweater and undershirt.
"No big deal. This is the third time now,"she told herself as she unzipped the front of her new sports bar, allowing her perky breasts to pop out."Nice to have them out of that thing anyway,"she tried to convince herself as she deposited the bra in the growing pile of her clothes.
Gracie thought back to last week and the satisfaction she got from the crowd as they admired her. She wished she could recapture that feeling, but as she slipped out of her panties, she couldn't summon the feeling."It's not the same with just one, I guess."
Her job done, she attempted to steady her breath before revealing herself to Mary. Putting one hand over her mound to maintain some hint of modesty, she pushed the curtain aside.
Gracie was average height. Brown hair hung down to her shoulders and she was naturally tan. Old boyfriends had always told her that her breasts were her best feature. They were large but, luckily, they had never sagged, and they were topped with puffy, brown nipples, darker than her skin. Though Kelsey and AJ had been helping her through her insecurities, she was less confident with the rest of her body. She hated that she could see her ribs through her skin and she'd often described herself as having bird legs. Standing in front of Mary, even though the woman had done nothing to indicate she was judging her, made Gracie's uncertainties bubble to the surface and she felt herself blush.
"Sit back where you were," Mary ordered.
As Gracie returned to her seat, Mary collected the pile of clothes and laid them on the table between them.
"I'm conducting the search of your belongings. Am I going to find anything?"
"Just my ID in my jeans," Gracie answered, as she covered herself the best she could.
Mary nodded with an affirmative grunt and rummaged through the clothes, turning each inside out and going through the pockets. She glared at Gracie when she found that her white camisole was still lodged inside of her sweater, but she didn't say anything. As she sorted through the pile, Mary separated her panties, bra, socks, and tennis shoes onto one corner and the rest on to another corner of the table.
When she was satisfied, she spoke indicating the heap of underwear and shoes, "You can have this pile back in a moment." Mary extracted a familiar plastic bag from the filing cabinet against the wall and pushed the rest of the clothes into it.
"Stand up, put your hands against the wall. I'm going to start the body search."
Gracie stood up, resigned to the beginning of her ordeal. She walked to the side of the table and turned to the wall, pointing her ass toward the guard. She felt Mary's breath on the back of her neck as the woman's hands touched her waist.
Gracie closed her eyes and tried to distract herself as the guard patted up and down her body. Mary was thorough, taking her time to run her hands up and down her legs and arms before reaching around and groping her breasts, lifting them up to check underneath.
In the back of her mind, Gracie had thought she might get turned on again and that it wouldn't be so bad and that it might distract her at least. As Mary's hands brushed over her, the thought returned but she felt no stirring of desire within herself. Not all hope was lost, she decided, there would be lots of attention on her today, after all, but for now anxiety over the punishment was overwhelming.
"Turn around," Mary ordered. As Gracie obeyed, a flashlight was shined into her face causing her to wince. "Keep your eyes open! I'm checking that they respond to stimuli."
Gracie's eyes watered as she was subjected to the light. After a moment, Mary moved away from her and rummaged through the filing cabinet again. Gracie took the opportunity to cover herself, crossing one arm over her breasts and one hand over her mound.
When the liaison returned with gloved hands and a wooden tongue depressor, she didn't seem to mind Gracie's attempts. "Open your mouth, Gracie."
Gracie obeyed but was struck by the discomfort of hearing her name said aloud. It felt so personal. She thought back to her other trips to the Punishment Center. Had they used her first name like that? She couldn't remember, but she didn't like it, suspecting that it was another way to increase her anxiety. "Or maybe Mary just talks like that. Relax!"
In a moment, Mary was done searching her mouth. She retreated back to the filing cabinet and was putting on new gloves, "Sit on the table and lay back. Time for the cavity search and inspection."
Gracie knew it was coming, but her stomach still dropped. She walked to the short side of the table and pushed herself up onto the edge and laid back, so her legs hung off the end. For now, she kept her legs closed, crossing her ankles and kept a hand over her crotch. She was going to make Mary ask before showing her vagina to her.
Mary walked around in front of the naked woman and raised her eyebrows, expectantly. Gracie decided to make her say it aloud. Mary stood there in silence as Gracie refused to look her in the eye, not wanting to challenge her like she had the guard last week.
After what felt like ages, Gracie, fearful of Mary's power to make her punishment worse, broke. Her hand retreated from her mound and each hand cupped a breast. She slowly opened her legs, showing her womanhood to the stranger standing over her.
Her vulva was another part of her body that Gracie didn't like, though hanging out with Kelsey and AJ had helped with that. Her lips were brown, darker than the rest of her skin and her inner lips poked through unevenly. The regulations about grooming made it worse. She hated that it was shaved. Before her punishments started, she hadn't shaved since college and much preferred it hidden behind her bush. Now she tried to push down her shame."The crowd last week seemed to like it,"she reminded herself.
"It seems like your hair removal is satisfactory. I'm going to begin the search of your external genitalia, now."
Gracie hated the medical terminology. She just preferred vagina, even if it wasn't exactly correct. It seemed like a good midground between vulgarity and medical-ese.
The pony-tailed woman stood a little to the side and her hand cupped Gracie's crotch and started to rub over it. After a few strokes, she petted over Gracie's mound then pressed a finger on her perineum. "Good, I don't feel any hair. I'm going to search between your labia now."
Using two hands, Mary separated the prisoner's outer lips and craned her neck down toward Gracie's crotch, examining it. Just like when she patted her down, the guard took her time. She used one hand to spread one lip away from the others and the other to systematically search for any contraband.
Gracie was still angry but was determined to not resist as she had last week. She still thought that, surely, they could just look and see she wasn't hiding anything or even take her history of good behavior into account and go easy on her. Though, she suspected, that after being given an enhancement because of her behavior during the search she didn't have a record of good behavior as far as the Punishment Center was concerned. She just fumed as she felt this part of the search come to an end as Mary ran a finger in the space between her entrance and her clit.
"I'm going to start the cavity search now. I'm sorry that I can't apply the normal lubrication because it interferes with the gel used during the punishment. Just don't resist and I'll go as easy as I can."
"Damn, this is just getting better,"Gracie thought, exasperation growing,"I'll be fine, just relax."
Mary knelt between her legs and placed a finger at her entrance. Slowly it went in as Gracie squirmed trying to make it match the angle of her vagina. Mary reached in as far as she could, and Gracie felt her finger twisting inside of her. Again, Mary was patient during the search, swiping over every square centimeter as Gracie cursed the lack of wetness between her legs. That would have been another upside of recapturing her feelings from last week.
As she extracted her finger, Mary asked, "Would you like to be on your front or your back?"
Gracie contemplated the option before, wordlessly, rolling over onto her front. She didn't make the decision for any reason about the comfort of having a finger in her ass, but because her feet were falling asleep from hanging off the floor and her back was sore. As she turned her feet found the floor and she bent over the table. Still fearful of Mary's power over her, she spread her legs as far as she could, lowering her breasts onto the cold table and lifting her butt up as much as she could.
As Gracie repositioned herself, Mary had been changing her gloves before returning to her position, "Ok, thank you. Here we go. Relax the best you can."
Gracie rested her chin on the table and grasped the sides of the table. She exhaled as Mary's finger pressed around her puckered hole and tried to will her muscles to allow an easy entrance. After some pushing, it finally broke through its resistance. Gracie winced as Mary worked it up to her knuckle and started to wiggle it around.
"Come on, just relax. You did this last night. You're ok,"Gracie told herself. Realizing she'd been holding her breath, she inhaled. She felt better as the oxygen refreshed her and soon Mary pulled her finger out.
"You can get dressed now. Thank you for making that easy."
Gracie pushed herself up and leaned against the table, putting her back to Mary who had returned to the filing cabinet. After catching her breath, she pulled the pile of clothes toward her and quickly stepped into her panties, thankful for the respite. More reluctantly she enclosed her breasts back into the neon pink bra and zipped it closed before pulling on her socks and lacing her tennis shoes.
Gracie looked at Mary expectantly but was ignored. The punishment liaison was paying attention to the door from which they had entered the room. There was a clunk as the door was unlocked from the outside and another woman, the doctor Gracie surmised, entered the room."Thank god it's a woman."
The woman, Gracie guessed, was late twenties. She had on a uniform just like Mary's and a matching baseball cap with a red cross indicating she was medical personnel. She was pale with black hair that was mostly tucked into her hat so that only a few wisps escaped. After greeting Mary, she looked Gracie up and down and introduced herself as Leah.
"Alright, let's go," Mary said, as she crossed the room and unlocked the next door.
Gracie walked into the room with Leah close behind. The room was the same gray interior as the first room but was perhaps a little larger. To her chagrin, there was a padded gynecological chair to her right. There was also a desk and two chairs, that Gracie decided must be for the liaison and the doctor. Not unsurprisingly, since she'd been told what happened in this room, was a treadmill wedged into the corner on the back-left corner of the room. Hanging from the wall, next to the treadmill, was some equipment that Gracie couldn't identify, but she figured it was some kind of monitoring gear. "This room would have been so confusing if it hadn't been explained to me,"she thought to herself, though she didn't know if it was worth the anxiety that been building since Mary laid out the day's plans.
Mary motioned her into the center of the room and locked the door behind them. The audible clicking of the lock made Gracie shudder as she realized she was getting closer to the electric chair."Relax,"she told herself,"Remember they're trying to scare you."
Still, it was hard to push back the rising claustrophobia as she was hemmed in toward the final room.
Leah sat at the desk and flipped through a clipboard that she pulled from one of the drawers as Gracie waited, standing in the middle of the room.
Gracie expected for Leah to lead the threshold testing but instead Mary ordered her to stand on the treadmill.
"Here, clip this to your panties," Mary said after Gracie was on the track, "It's the key so if you fall it turns off automatically.
"Hands on your head while I connect the monitors," Mary continued after Gracie complied, "This is a fifteen-minute test. I'm going to increase the speed in five-minute intervals from a brisk walk up to a fast run. We are checking how healthy your heart and lungs are as well as giving ourselves a sense of what your vitals look like under heavy stress so we can better monitor you during the punishment."
As she spoke, Mary connected sticky pads to the prisoner's chest and finally a blood pressure cuff to her left bicep, which was nearer the wall. Gracie couldn't figure out if it was better to score high or low in fitness. Maybe if it was high it meant they would be crueler during the electrocution but if it was too low maybe they would call it off and she'd have to return another day. "No this ends today. I'll probably be in the middle anyway,"she told herself.
"Alright, are you ready?"
"Yeah," Gracie nodded as Mary pressed buttons on the treadmill and the track started to move underneath her. The first speed setting wasn't challenging. It was like she was speed walking through her old office building to a meeting.
Gracie knew she was out of shape. She hadn't been to a gym in a couple years since she was always too busy, but she ate healthily and was naturally thin except for her chest. By the time Mary increased the speed a film of sweat had developed on her face and shoulders.
Now she had to pick her feet up and started to pump her arms. She was glad that she was told to bring tennis shoes and a sport's bra. "This would have sucked barefoot and my boobs going everywhere."
Gracie wished they would have been more explicit, though. She would have worn compression shorts, rather than the thin cotton panties she wore now. She could feel them getting sweaty and they didn't do much to stop her thighs from rubbing together.
She was starting to suck in breath when Mary increased the speed to the final setting. Gracie found herself struggling for the last five minutes of the test. Her calves and thighs ached and burned, and she felt time slow down as each stride became more difficult. Just when she thought she couldn't continue, Mary turned off the treadmill. The track underneath her feet slowed and eventually allowed her to stop and put her hands on her knees trying to catch her breath.
After a moment of recovery, Mary ordered her to put her hands on her head so that she could remove the monitors. Gracie wondered how she had done and was somewhat pleased with herself for being able to do it. It went faster than she'd imagined.
"Has it been a minute?" Mary asked the doctor.
"Yep."
"Here breath into this," Mary pushed a mask with some more sensors connected to it toward Gracie, "It measures how well your lungs are operating."
Still huffing and puffing, Gracie breathed into the mask for a few seconds. Mary fiddled with some more controls and there was the sound of an air compressor, "Now it's going to deliver oxygen. Breathe deeply."
It was invigorating and Gracie took breath after breath from the machine. Mary and Leah spoke together at the desk. Gracie wished that the monitoring results had been fed to a screen on the wall like she saw on television, but it must have been fed to the tablet that Leah was currently holding.
After a moment they stood. "Congratulations, I guess," Leah said, "You're fit enough to continue. Remove your clothes and sit on the chair. You don't need to put your feet up."
Gracie didn't waste time kicking off her shoes and slipping out of her sweaty underwear. The last few weeks had mostly inured her to nudity and she still hoped for some spark of exhibitionism to get her through the day. Mary collected the clothing and put it in the same bag as the rest of her clothes as Gracie sat on the edge of the chair, pushing the intimidating stirrups to the side.
"How, um, thorough is this exam?" she asked.
Leah carried the desk chair across the room so she could sit near Gracie, "It depends on how you answer the questions and if I need to check anything. The mandatory medical checks have already been performed on the treadmill. Just answer the questions honestly."
"Ok," Gracie answered. That made her nervous. Certain answers could mean a more invasive exam.
"I've read the medical survey that you entered a few weeks ago. Is there anything on there that needs to be changed?"
"No," Gracie didn't actually know if that was true. The law firm had submitted the forms and she had never seen them, but there was no reason to admit that now.
"Ok, any recent illnesses?"
"No."
"Stuffy nose, sore throat?"
"Nothing."
"Any shortness of breath? When not engaged in surprise exercise, of course," Leah asked, adding the last caveat.
Gracie added a polite laugh at Leah's joke about the present situation before answering negatively.
"When was the last time you were sexually active?"
"Um, define that?"
"With a partner."
"Three months." He was a coworker that she hadn't seen since her arrest and expected to never see again after what she'd done.
"Any chance of pregnancy?"
"No, I'm on birth control."
Leah's fingers moved over the tablet, "Hmmm, I see it's a method that could eliminate your period. Have you had it since then?"
"Um, no," Gracie answered. She knew this wasn't good. The doctor was going to want to double check and that probably meant using the chair for its intended purpose.
Leah nodded and broke the bad news, "I'm going to have to do a quick pelvic exam. I have a responsibility for your health because of the nature of your punishment. I'm sorry."
Gracie wished she could have avoided it, but she understood, and she nodded to the doctor.
"Are you on any other medication?"
"Nope."
Leah looked at her pointedly, "Any painkillers? Prescription or otherwise?"
Gracie knew those were expressly against the rules and hadn't taken any, but even if she had why would she admit it? "No, ma'am."
"Do you have any specific concerns about your health that I should be aware of?"
"No, let's just get this over with."
"I will. I'm sorry, there is just too much downside to not be sure."
Gracie really did understand. There would be a massive scandal if something like this happened to a pregnant woman, but it still sucked because she was certain that she wasn't pregnant. She also appreciated how much they seemed to care about her health.
As Leah snapped on medical gloves and got her equipment ready, she spoke, "I'm going to very quickly do a manual exam of your cervix. I'll be able to tell my its position and its hardness and texture if it's possible you are pregnant. If I see any evidence then we will do a pregnancy test by letting you pee in a cup, but otherwise we will proceed."
"Ok," Gracie sniffed nervously.
"One more thing. I see from your file that you have pictures on file in case you need to make a complaint after your procedure. Would you like more pictures to be added today?"
"Would they help? It looks the same as last week."
"It is up to you. I have to ask."
Gracie though about it and couldn't think of a reason to do it other than to put off her punishment a couple minutes longer. She was feeling a lot of pressure to finish up quickly. She knew the longer she sat here the more scared she would get, which she'd already decided (or at least tried to convince herself) was the main part of the punishment, plus Kelsey and AJ were waiting outside for her. "No, I'll skip those."
"Suit yourself. Sit back on the chair." Leah spun the stirrups back into their usual position and locked them in place, "Legs up and scoot your bottom down to the end."
Gracie complied. She spread her legs and put them in position and slid to the end, so the chair wasn't in between the doctor and her vagina.
The last time she was in this position she was tied down in front of a couple hundred strangers being spanked on her vulva. She had kind of liked it, not the pain, but their adoration. She closed her eyes and thought about being there again, like she had last night when she'd masturbated in the hotel room.
Leah got to work between her legs. Delicately, she poked through her uneven lips with her fingers. "On quick inspection, I don't see anything out of the ordinary. You look good and healthy on the outside."
Gracie felt a tingle when she said that she looked good. Maybe it was just this position, being splayed out in front of other people that got her going. She felt a tinge of embarrassment about feeling the stirrings of readiness and guilt about involving Leah in her fantasy, but she didn't ask for this exam. It was forced upon her after all.
"Sorry, I'm not allowed to use lubrication. I'm going to insert my finger. If I can reach your cervix, then I won't use a speculum."
Leah's finger pushed into her hole, palm facing the ceiling. It didn't hurt as it entered but it was a tight fit and Gracie focused on relaxing herself. She had reached in most of the length of her finger, when Gracie felt her hit her mark. It was sensitive but Gracie got used to it. She knew from experience that a lover rubbing her cervix could feel great, but that it took some warmup and a lot of trust.
The doctor's finger poked it and felt around it in circles for perhaps a minute before she withdrew it. "Ok, I don't think your pregnant," she turned to Mary, who had been sitting in her seat ignoring the medical exam, and said, "I think we can continue."
As Gracie got up from her seat, butterflies started dancing in her stomach again, knowing that she was about to move into the final room. She tried to hold on to the faint feeling of euphoria she'd developed with her legs spread for the doctor, fantasizing about all the people watching her. It wasn't the strongest feeling, but anything helped, she decided.
Mary unlocked the door and motioned for Gracie to enter first. The walls were just like all the others in the trailer. There were two white plastic chairs against the wall to Gracie's right and, next to them, a heavy metal desk like those in the other rooms with a more luxurious chair in front of it.
However, Gracie was focused on the most important piece of furniture in the room, the punishment chair. It was bolted to the floor so that it was against the back wall, facing the door. It looked heavy but it seemed like the frame was made of plastic. She was surprised since she'd been imagining metal or wood, but she guessed that the plastic was nonconductive and probably safer than metal and more comfortable than wood.
Its most striking features were of course the two probes standing up on the seat. The one closer to her, the electrode that would enter her vagina, was perhaps an inch or two longer and slightly larger diameter than the other that sat behind it. They were made of black plastic and more bulbous at their tops and had shiny metal plates running vertically on their length.
While the seat had no padding on it, the armrests, back and headrest had black cushions. There were cuffs on the armrests and the feet, as well as leather straps hanging from the seat and the back. Underneath the chair was a box, also bolted to the floor with many wires resting on the top and one heavy wire extending to the wall.
"Sit in one of the chairs against the wall while I doublecheck everything and do the last bits of preparation," Mary ordered.
When Gracie sat, Mary walked over and attached one loop of a handcuff to her left wrist and the other to the heavy metal desk, "I know you've been good, but rules are rules when I have my back turned."
"It's ok," Gracie answered. Her feelings were all out of whack. Her adrenaline was pumping again and telling her to run. She knew it would be of no help, even if she could get her hand out of the restraint then she'd be behind three locked doors and she'd probably just be wrestled down by Mary and she would still get electrocuted. That should make her angry, but she was telling herself that she could survive this just like she had last week's punishment and that would just have to get through this and then she'd be done. "Be Zen. Be like Kelsey. It's going to happen just accept it."
Mary got down on all fours in front of the punishment chair and started to go through the wires that sat on top of the box. Gracie at first covered her chest with her free hand and kept her legs closed, but then she remembered the feeling of being open for the doctor. She took a deep breath and opened her thighs slightly letting air reach her vagina and uncovered her breasts, laying her arm on the armrest. "I guess this is my version of accepting it,"she thought with some embarrassment, "Just accept that I like being looked at."Leah, who was standing by the door, caught Gracie's eye as she adjusted herself and the two of them shrugged their shoulders at each other. Perhaps the doctor had noticed the beginnings of wetness as she examined her, but Gracie didn't care.
Mary had organized the wires so that some were laying out to the sides and front of the chair. She got up from the floor and rifled through a drawer in the desk, placing a small white cardboard box on the desk and then pulled on medical gloves. From the box, she extracted what Gracie guessed must be the conductive pads and counted out the requisite amount.
Gracie sensed that doing this in front of her was just another way to scare her and she focused on ignoring the fear and focusing on her slowly growing fantasy. She almost wanted the Punishment Technician who would come in after she was blindfolded to be a man who would admire her naked body.
Mary then extracted a squirt bottle from the white box and proceeded to liberally apply a clear gel to the two probes standing erect from the chair seat. Gracie was glad for the lubrication, but also that she had practiced inserting an object in her ass the previous night, "I should just trust Kelsey in everything. I guess it's almost time."
Mary confirmed her speculation as she stood in front of Gracie, "Would you like me to apply lubrication to your body?"
Gracie froze, wondering if she had worked up her own wetness the last few minutes and if she was willing to risk Mary finding out. "Um," she hesitated, buying time, "I . . . yeah." She realized that Mary's fingers were already covered in the substance and wouldn't be able to tell the difference.
"Ok, slide to the end of the seat and spread your legs."
Gracie complied and her build continued. She tried to resist a shudder, but the only thing better would have been if a man was between her legs. As Mary deposited the thick gel around both of her openings, Gracie realized that she would also love Kelsey or AJ between her legs. She'd have to think about that feeling more later, they were a decade younger than her and she didn't identify as being into women, but for now it was something to hold on to, distracting her from her plight.
Mary released Gracie from her cuff and motioned her head toward the chair. Fear rose again but she tried to battle it down with her exhibitionist fantasy as she walked to the chair.
"Stand in front of it with your hands on your head, while I attach some pads to you bottom."
Gracie watched as the guard peeled off paper covering electrode pads, revealing adhesive that shined in the light. Mary pressed them onto Gracie's bottom with her palm and then ran fingers around the edges making sure they weren't going to come loose. On each buttock, there were two pads, one on the fattiest spot right in the middle and one lower where it started to transition into her leg. Then Mary attached a wire that ran to the box under the chair to a connecter that was built into each pad."Here we go, I'll be fine,"she told herself.
"Alright, you can sit down. Guide the electrodes in, it's pretty straight forward."
Gracie was almost looking forward to this. Somehow, she had thought her way into horniness, and it felt right to have something in her pussy. She brought her hands off her head and spread her lips as she slowly sat down.
The first couple inches were heavenly. She was so ready for something to be between her legs and it was just like a dildo anyway. Gracie closed her eyes and enjoyed the feeling. Half of her hoped that going slowly made her audience think that she was scared or embarrassed, but the other half didn't care what Mary and Leah thought of her.
However, when her bottom touched the anal insert Gracie was brought out of reverie. She'd practiced this last night, but she still didn't like it. She reached back and spread her cheeks as much as she could without touching the pads and started working the prong into her ass. Though she moved gingerly, it didn't take long for the round top to enter her, it was well lubricated, after all. Finally, she sat back all the way on the chair and put her arms on the cushioned arm rests.
Mary quickly attached Gracie's wrists to leather cuffs on the ends of the chair and then pulled her ankles apart and secured them into cuffs at the bottom of the chair legs. If the guard noticed her arousal, she didn't say anything.
Gracie looked down as Mary secured the leather straps over her abdomen and across her shoulders. She could feel her body begin to get used to the intruders between her legs and she was surprised her excitement survived the anal probe. She felt the urge to touch herself but couldn't since she was bound and had to resist the desire to squirm with the prongs inside of her.
Mary then moved down to Gracie's legs, crossing a broad strap across her thighs and pulling it tight, "Try to raise up. It's ok if you come loose now, but you can be punished worse if you come out during the punishment."
Gracie tried, attempting to push herself up. She really wanted the feeling of them going in and out of her, but she couldn't. Mary had strapped her in tight the first time. "I can't," she replied.
"Ok, I'm going to continue to apply the pads to your skin."
Gracie nodded and watched as the guard revealed the sticky side of the torture devices and pressed them onto her skin. There were eight large square ones that were like the ones on her butt attached to her skinny legs. There were two on each of her calves and two on each of her thighs. Once they were attached, Mary inserted wires into them, connecting them to the box under the chair.
The prisoner knew what was next. Four pads were going to be attached to her labia. The time it had taken Mary to attach the pads to her legs had dulled her arousal but having Mary's fingers poking between her legs brought it back.
These pads were smaller and circular rather than square. Two were placed high on her outer lips near her mound on either side of her clit, which threatened to poke as her excitement reignited. The pressing and tapping that Mary did to ensure that they wouldn't fall off wasn't what Gracie wanted to do herself, but it did the job. The other two were lower and Mary had to work to get them where they were meant to be on either side of her opening. Attaching them wasn't as stimulating as the ones nearer her clit, but they did take longer to stick so the guard's fingers rubbed around her hole for a while.
When the guard was done attaching the last four pads to the box, Gracie knew the best part was over. She'd probably have to keep herself going with fantasies and she didn't like the idea of being blindfolded. She wanted to watch the people watching her. She didn't know what would happen when the shocks started, but she was going to pass the time until then as well as she could.
Mary moved onto to attaching a heartrate monitor above Gracie's left breast and then she wrapped a blood pressure cuff around her bicep. Gracie noticed that Leah started to look at the tablet she had brought with her from the previous room. "Is it receiving the signals?" Mary asked.
Leah was silent for a moment still staring into the screen. After a few seconds the tablet must have synced with the monitors as Leah replied, "Yep, I'm reading."
"We are almost done," Mary said, "The technician will be here in two minutes, so I have to blindfold you and give you the gag. Is there anything you have left to ask?"
Realizing that Mary wasn't adding any vital information, Gracie just wanted to get back to her fantasies, "No, I'm good."
"Alright, good. A lot of prisoners calm down when they're blindfolded. Some freak out, though. Don't be one of them."
It sounded like a warning, but Gracie knew it was a suggestion. While the guard had been prodding between her legs, Gracie had almost forgot Mary was the enemy trying to terrify her.
Gracie heard zippers as Mary walked behind the chair and extracted her equipment from her belt, "Open your mouth."
Gracie complied and saw a black gag that looked like a horse bit coming toward her. She bit down on it, knowing that was the drill. It was sort of hard, but it had enough give that she wasn't going to crack her teeth if she bit down. The taste reminded her of cleaning chemicals, and she realized it was because it had been sanitized. "Not even a new one,"she thought.
After Gracie felt the gag being tied behind her head, she heard more zippers being opened as the guard pulled out the blindfold. She couldn't remember ever being blindfolded. Mary had succeeded in scaring her. She was suddenly aware that she knew she was safe if she could see. Now that was about to be taken away from her,"I won't even see them flip the switch. Is there even a switch?"
She felt her heart rate pick up as her eyes darted around the room trying to fill in her mental image of the room. In what felt like an instant, the large black blindfold was over her eyes and she was blind. She started to panic and tested her bonds, which, of course, she couldn't escape.
"Just calm down, Gracie. It will start soon."
"That's what I'm afraid of,"she screamed internally. She felt her breasts heave in front of her as she pulled in quick gulps of air. She knew what was happening. Mary had laid a suggestion that the blindfold was scary and then it became scary. But knowing what happened didn't help her control herself.
She tried to recapture her fantasy, but it didn't work. It relied on her being able to see people looking at her and her feeling sexy. That's how she felt with AJ and Kelsey last night and it was even how she felt tied into the gyno chair last week. Now she just felt exposed and with increasingly uncomfortable probes in the holes between her legs. This was much closer to how she felt at Bradford Park in front of the hundreds of jeering onlookers. She just wanted to escape, but she knew a terrible five minutes was between her and the exit.
A man, the technician spoke, "Everything look good?" Gracie hadn't even heard him come in through the heavy door. She imagined that the technician must be dressed like the other techs she had seen. He was probably in medical scrubs, but not in a mask, like the others had been. He had no reason to hide his identity if he wasn't in public.
"Everything went well," Mary answered, "She should be ready to go."
"Ok, I'll do a quick check then."
Gracie tried to get a hold of herself and listen to the technician's movements across the room. She heard footsteps approach her and she felt his breath on her knee as he must have kneeled in front of her. She wished what she was showing him was more explicit, but she knew her bits were mostly hidden by the chair and the wires."I'm sure he likes what he sees. My boobs are out at least,"she told herself, although it didn't help much.
Also, to Gracie's dismay, he never touched her. That would have been something, at least. She felt movement down to her right and she heard him doing something with the box under her chair for a while.
Eventually, Gracie heard him get up and move back toward the desk where Mary and Leah must be waiting. Still taking in ragged breaths, she assumed that means that it was about to start.
There was no countdown or warning. For a split second she heard a hum, before her calf muscles cramped. She squealed and instinctively tried to kick her legs away from the chair, but the cuffs bit into her skin holding her in place and the pads were attached to her skin, anyway.
Then her thighs lit up as electricity flowed between the pads. If she was standing, she would have collapsed, unable to control her muscles. As the shocks ended in her thighs, they began on her butt. The pain was hard to describe. It wasn't hot, like she had imagined. Instead it was prickly pain like when your foot goes to sleep but the sensation was deeper in her flesh.
To Gracie, it seemed like there was a pause between zapping her ass and whatever was next. She could guess where it was going next and felt like they were teasing her.
"My vagina can take it. It can take it."She yelped in surprise when the current went through her calves again. Like before it migrated to her thighs and then her bottom. She felt like she was already spent. She felt sweat on her face and chest.
Then the electrodes on her labia came to life. Gracie screamed for the first time as current arced through her privates. This pain was different than it had been before, much more on the surface and over a smaller area. Unfortunately, that small area was her clit and her opening. She fought against her wrist bindings, wanting to sooth herself and rip off the torturous devices.
Finally, what she had been dreading the most occurred. Both the probes invading her orifices turned on. The length of both the electrodes unloaded shocks into her vagina and ass. She tried to stand up to escape, but the strap across her lap held her down.
When the shocks returned to her calves, it had become a relief. She didn't know how long it had been, but it wasn't nearly long enough as it just kept going. The next cycle was the same as before: calves, thighs, buttocks, lips, and then her insides. The time in between the shocks was always changing. Sometimes she would get a few seconds respite but others it seemed like one flowed into the next.
Whoever programmed the punishment routine knew what they were doing. The rest of her punishment was physically grueling and mentally exhausting. Just when she thought she knew the pattern, the system would zap another place. It would build from her calves to her bottom and she would prepare herself only for the current to return to her legs and just when she thought she could relax, her cunt would explode in pain. Sometimes it would pause for many long seconds, and just when Gracie thought the five minutes might be over, it would deliver more agony to her exhausted body.
She couldn't tune it out or focus on her fantasies and the shocks were always surprising her. She could only scream as best she could and bite into her gag.
Of course, like the finale of a fireworks display, the last shock was all the electrodes and pads being engaged at once. Electricity ran through from electrode to electrode for many long seconds. When it ended, she took deep breaths, preparing herself for the next round. Slowly she realized the hum that inaugurated her punishment had dissipated.
It was over! The chair was hard and unyielding, but in her mind, Gracie laid back in relief. She had a jittery feeling through her legs and her vagina and anus still screamed, but it was over!
She felt somebody, she supposed the technician, move down to her right to turn off the box under the chair and then the door opened and closed as he left.
Shortly the blindfold was lifted from her eyes. Mary was standing behind the chair and loosening the gag and a smiling Leah stared into Gracie's face checking her eyes with a flashlight.
"You did well. All the metrics say you were never in any danger," Leah told her.
Gracie was still in a daze and her eyes were adjusting to the light, she muttered, "I guess that's good."
"It is," Leah smiled, as she pressed a stethoscope over her heart.
As she recovered, Gracie wanted to get out from the chair and she really wanted the electrodes out of her holes. However, she remembered, from what felt like so long ago, Mary tell her that there was an observation period that she had to undergo. When Leah was done listening to her heart and lungs, Mary handed her the oxygen machine that she had used after running on the treadmill. It helped and as she came back to her senses, she felt the urge to find Kelsey and AJ. She had so much to tell them.
"Please, I need to get to my friends," she told the guard and the doctor. She spoke quietly. Her voice was hoarse from the screaming.
"Ok, I'm going to help you up and into the next room. I still need to watch you for just a little longer and do a quick exam."
Mary pulled the pads from the prisoner's skin and started to release Gracie from the straps. Gracie looked down and saw a wide imprint of the lap belt as it was removed. She had tried hard to stand up and the red marks from her straining against the cuffs proved it. When all the straps and cuffs were released she needed help to stand up and off the electrodes that exited her vagina and ass.
She could have struggled to walk on her own as sensation returned to her legs, but Leah helped her walk back to the medical exam room, where she sat on the gynecological chair and laid back with her legs hanging off.
"Here, keep using the oxygen," Leah instructed as Mary walked into the room and returned it to her. Gracie didn't remember putting it down, but she must have before she left the chair.
Leah continued, "You don't have to put your legs up, but I need to look at your vulva."
Gracie wasn't really in a state to disagree as she recovered, besides she wanted to get out of here as quick as she could. She slowly brought her knees up and then opened them for the doctor.
Leah pulled on gloves and examined her, gingerly. Her touch didn't hurt. The lasting sensation wasn't pain, but it was an odd tingling that made her very sensitive. Spreading her lips, she shined her light around looking. "I don't see any extreme burning. It has some redness which is expected. I'm going to give you some soothing ointment that protects from any infection. That's unlikely, but better to have it."
"Hold that position," Leah told her, as she changed gloves. When she returned she touched tenderly around Gracie's bottom hole, spreading it slightly. "I don't see anything there, either. Do you feel any sharp pains? A spot that hurts worse than the rest?"
"No. Thanks, but can I go now?"
"Soon. Would you like me to apply the ointment now?"
"No, I just want to see my friends," Gracie answered, closing her legs.
"Just sit there for a few minutes longer and use the oxygen."
Gracie laid on the chair, still naked, as she recovered. Now that she could put her thoughts together, she was upset with herself from losing her battle with her fear. She knew what Mary had been trying to do and it worked at the very last second. She had been turned on and, even if the punishment left her no chance to keep her building arousal, she hated that she lost it just from being blindfolded.
The longer she recovered the more she tried to forgive herself."These guys are experts. Don't be mad at yourself. It's over. Be happy. One more thing to tell the girls."
Finally, Leah spoke up. "Ok, let me see the oxygen pump," Leah looked at the readings on the display panel, "You seem to be getting enough oxygen. Try to walk."
With some effort, Gracie staggered off the chair and was able to walk a couple laps around the room, satisfying Leah.
Mary, who had been tapping on the tablet at the desk, pulled out the plastic bag full of Gracie's clothes that she had tucked into a drawer. "You can have these, unless you like being naked."
Gracie produced a forced chuckle, "No, I'll get dressed." She fished her pink panties out of the bag and pulled them up her legs. When they were in place, she realized how wet she was from the lubrication on the electrodes. They left a stain that darkened the fabric. She was beyond caring about that and soon she was fully dressed in her maroon sweater and blue jeans.
"Hands behind your back," Mary said.
Gracie must have looked at her plaintively because the guard added, "Last time, rules are rules."
Gracie complied and was about to leave when Leah slipped a tube of the ointment that she had mentioned in the bound woman's pocket. Then they were off, and they left the squat building where she had suffered her last punishment. It had cleared up and the sky was blue after being very gray when Gracie had entered.
As they walked past the courtyard filled with punishment stations, Gracie kept her eyes down. She didn't want to see that, but quickly they exited the courtyard and were on the outside of the rectangle of buildings. They walked down toward the building where she had first entered and been detained.
Kelsey and AJ must have seen her coming because as Mary removed the cuffs, they were already approaching and offering their friend a giant three-person hug. Gracie melted into their long embrace and started to cry.
"What's wrong?" Kelsey asked.
"Nothing. It's just over and I found you two."
They walked to the car and Gracie climbed into the backseat and laid down, exhausted from her ordeal.
When Kelsey and AJ were ready to leave, Kelsey started to laugh, "You have to sit up?"
"Why?"
"Because I'll get the ticket if you don't buckle up and I don't need this happening again."
AJ caught on to the joke, "Yeah, we've met enough friends stripped naked in a park."
The three friends laughed as they left the parking lot.