She's wiping the flood of cum from her face as we walk the pier back to our pool chairs.
Naked, holding her hand, I'm just in awe of the moments prior. And feeling a little proud of the performance, my cock stays hard, pointing the way back to the pool.
Lynn did the work, but I get the benefits I think as we round the corner and hit the decking.
Hot under our feet, we both, look at each other and quickly decide to jump in the pool to escape burning the soles of our feet.
"You're back!" Jenene declares. She and Vince are in an embrace by the poolside. Meaning they're fucking in the pool.
"Yea, we're taking a break for a bit. You can only go so hard for so long" I answer.
Jenene takes the bait and offers. "So hard. So long. Sounds like fun to me." she winks at Lynn.
"Hell to the yea!" says Lynn, grabbing my cock.
"Need a drink? I'm going to the bar." I offer.
"It's 10 am, really?" Vince quizzes.
"Dude, We're naked, I just got a blowjob in public. Her face is covered in cum, and your dick is buried deep in her cunt. You think rules apply here?" I push back.
"mmm, well I guess you have a point. Rum punch then for both of us."
"You got it. Lynn?"
"I'll have a blowjob."
"A what?" says Jenene shaking her head.
"It's Baileys liqueur in a shot with whipped cream on top. It's not as salty as the real thing, but just as fun." Lynn offers, licking her fingers.
"Gotta try it." Jenene replies.
"Which, the cock sucking version or the liquor version" I respond.
"Depends on the bartender." says Jenene pointing at my still hard prick.
I wag my cock back and forth at her, smiling. "I'm in. Let me get those drinks."
A sign on the walk to the pool declares that you are entering a Nude area, and it's expected that you will be naked. And it seems that no one has any problem with those rules.
Other rules like "don't fuck in public" or "don't stare at her twat" and "no oral in the pool" have gone out with the bath water however.
The pool is full now, with about 40 or so singles and couples. All totally naked, displaying themselves to each other as they laugh and converse.
"Yah Mon" the bartender offers. "What's your desire?"
Quite a loaded question I think.
Reading his name tag I say. "Desmond, I'll have three rum punches and one blowjob."
"You're in the right place mon, soon come"
Yea, just came, I think.
I scan the pool and review the party people around me.
There's a tall brunette with an all over tan that's with a short skinny guy. Weird, I think. But then see that he has a baseball bat for a cock.
That explains a lot. I think.
A couple chairs over are two couples that obviously came together. A pair of frat boys and their slut wives. Both the girls have fake boobs and shaved twats. And the guys are only barely sober. Good targets I think.
I've got my drinks and I'm walking nude back to Lynn and the guys. I can't help but feel like I'm on a runway, all eyes watching my half hard cock swing left and right as I walk.
One other couple, a body builder and his clearly bisexual blonde girlfriend have caught my eye.
Partially because they're both head to toe tanned. But also because she's stroking his enormous erection as she stares at me.
Lynn, Jenene and Vince are out of the pool, laying next to each other as I approach.
Looking at Jenene I see that her pubes are close cut, but she's a ginger. But poor Vince, he's got "small cocks" disease.
Too bad for him, but I'm happy to offer an upgrade to her if she'd like.
We're chatting away, Vince is in real estate apparently and Jenene teaches school. Lynn reveals that she's a nude stripper and I tell them I'm a nude model.
"Holy shit'" Jenene's eyes widen. "BOTH of you work in the nude? WOW! You're nudists. You both naked all the time and you do it for a living! What a rush that has to be. How'd you get in to that?"
"It was actually easy. I love to be naked. I'm naked at home, I'm naked on vacation. I always try to find ways to stay naked. I ran the math and if I have to put on clothes for work I can only be naked about three quarters of the time. So I said, "what the fuck" let's get a job where I can be naked too." say I, explaining my choices.
Lynn chimes in. "When we met, I didn't know Chazz was a nudist. I just thought he was an outdoorsy, active kind of guy. But once we had sex, I could see he had no tanlines and the truth was out."
I shake my head to agree.
"I've been a nudist for about 25 years. I do pretty much everything naked if I can. I came to terms with being an exhibitionist a few years ago, and love it. I've been naked in public so many times I can't remember. Once I rode my motorcycle to the beach in the nude. It was on backroads for sure, but I remember a construction crew that was, well, let's say a little awestruck."
"I wasn't originally "into it" but since he was naked all the time when we were together, and it seemed so naturally and free, I decided to try it myself. And I love it. It's the most fun you can have short of having sex all the time. We split a few years ago, but reconnected when he saw me dancing nude on stage in the club.
Even before that though we were pretty much just as wild as we are now.
We'd have naked weekends, and naked date nights, we have company over for dinner naked. It's fucking awesome. We love it!
Once we reconnected we talked and talked about the "next level" and that's why we're here, to have as much sex as possible and to be naked as much as possible.
We're going to fuck a LOT, and we WANT people to watch us. It's going to be soooo awesommmmme." Lynn says animatedly.
"Yea, same here. It's here's also the exhibitionist thing that we both love." I say, continuing. "We live in a world where sex is on TV, on the internet, in ads, on social media. It's everywhere. But the idea of nudity is a remnant of a hung up past. I know it's wrong to be naked everywhere. Yea, we're both naked for a living, but there are still limits to what we can get away with. So that's why this place is perfect for us. Knowing that we're totally naked doing things that others wouldn't dare do, and knowing they can't take their eyes off us while we're doing it just makes us want to do it more."
"Well you saw it, right? He ate my pussy. On that pier. In public. And I came on his tongue, then he came on my face. It was amaaaaazzinngg!" Lynn says staring right at me with lust in her eyes.
Vince shakes his head. "I just can't imagine it. That's waaayyyy beyond my comfort zone. Jenene basically had to beg me to come here, telling me it was just a beach resort. But you're telling me you came here to fuck, you came here to be naked. You came here to get off on being naked. That's weird guys. Don't you know that's fucked up?"
Lynn, beaming, replies. "Yep, naked, fucking each other all the time. Covered in cum. That's me!" She says, now shaking her tits for effect.
"Lighten the fuck up." Jenene says to Vince scoldingly. "I don't see anything wrong with what they're doing. It's obvious they trust each other and both of them are having fun. So I say go for it. If it feels good, do it. Nobody gets hurt so who gives a shit."
"Bingo" say I.
Vince's negatron attitude kills the moment, so we all four recline in our chairs to let the mood pass.
An hour or so passes, and I wake to see that Jenene and Vince have left the pool area. I look to my left to see Lynn talking to two women animatedly, her smile ear to ear as they laugh and chat.
It's the tanned blonde from earlier that introduces herself "I'm Blondie" she says, her massive breasts swaying as she waves to me. She's sitting cross-legged in front of Lynn and from where I am sitting I can see that her pussy is gaping open as she sits on her towel.
"Vivian" is the brunette on her right. A slightly rounder spinner with cute boobs and a pierced clit ring that I can't take my eyes off of.
"Oh, you like my jewelry, huh?" She's caught me staring, I gulp and reply.
"Looks like a fun place to have a party." says Lynn putting her hand on Vivian's leg.
"Oh yea, definitely." say I.
"It's kind of the idea." she says. If you're going to be nude, you may want to put on jewelry since that's the best way to get "Dressed Up" haha." She's a slut, and she knows it, I think as my cock begins to swell.
"Let's play in the Pussy Fountain." Blondie declares, taking both Lynn and Vivian by the hand.
For those that don't know, the Pussy Fountain is a 5 foot wide tile pedestal in the middle of the pool. It has a fountain in the center that shoots water about 2 feet in the air. Playing in the Pussy Fountain means spreading your pussy over the spray and letting it tickle your clit. Get it? Pussy Fountain.
Lynn turns to me with a giddy laugh as the three nude girls jump in the pool and climb on the fountain.
They're seated on the edge of it facing each other with their legs crossed while in front of them the water sprays upward. Blondie reaches forward to put her hand over the fountain to point the spray at Lynn's pussy. She's done this a few times obviously since it hits Lynn's crack dead center. Lynn jumps at the sensation at first, then her face becomes a mischevious grin as pleasure sweeps over her.
Vivian is next, the spray hitting her clit and bouncing her pussy ring as the water flows.
Lynn is now idly playing with her clit as she watches. Looking at me, she increases her speed and is now rubbing her pussy with a purpose.
I'm still a bit parched from the heat and the blowjob, so I walk to the bar for a bottled water.
As I'm standing there, a short cropped blonde girl about 25 and maybe 5'5" or so says, "Your girlfriend is really lucky, dude."
"I'm sorry what?"
"Your girlfriend is really lucky." she continues. "She gets to play with you." (meaning fuck me) AND she gets to play with girls."
"Hey, I'm all about making her happy." say I.
"Does she let YOU play with girls?" she asks.
My mind shifts gears. This is a naked chick with a shaved pussy is asking me if my girlfriend would mind if I had sex with another girl. Wow.
"We've done that before together, but not separately" is my answer.
"Well then we can let her watch if she wants. How about you sit on the edge of the pool and I suck your cock. I was watching you before, and I really want to suck you off."
"Well now, let me check my schedule." I fake looking at a watch that I'm not wearing and say. "Well it looks like I do have a blowjob on my calendar for today, so you're in luck!" we both laugh.
She rises from her chair and walks toward me and grabs my ass. "Oh yea, a tight ass and a big cock, she's lucky alright."
Turning, I catch a glance of the goings on on the Pussy Fountain. The girls are now fingering each other in a bawdy threesome. Each fingering themselves while one or both of the others are rubbing clits or squeezing boobs.
I wink at her as the blonde jumps in the pool and I put my drink down to sit on the edge in the narrows.
The blonde eases toward me with her hands on my legs and smiles. "I love to suck cock, so you just enjoy it baby."
You don't have to tell me twice I think. I have my arms behind me to prop up my body as I look down to see her lick my shaft from top to bottom. She's savoring the experience and so am I. I pitch my head back and she engulfs every inch of my cock in her mouth, the warmth a sharp contrast to the coolness of the pool.
I hear splashing to my left, and see that the girls have now moved to the Grotto. Lynn has spread her pussy and Blondie is fingering it while her tongue sends Lynn to an orgasmic heaven of her own.
Vivian has one hand reaching around to rub Blondie's clit and has three of her fingers buried in her own cunt.
Looking down, the blonde (I don't even know her name) has a combo twist and suck thing going on as she works to make me cum.
It's mid-day, the sun is high in the sky, the breeze is blowing, there's reggae on the speakers, I'm totally nude in front of about 50 people getting my cock sucked by a total stranger while I watch my girlfriend getting eaten out by two girls.
Jesus fucking Christ. Am I the luckiest mother fucker of all time? Just that thought (oh and the blowjob I'm getting) put me over the edge.
"You're gonna make me cum if you keep doing that" say I looking down.
Without taking my cock out of her mouth or slowing her cocksucking fever, she looks at me and moans.. "mmmmmmmmm"
And I unload, i'm now filling her mouth with my cum and shooting what I feel like is a huge load down her throat. She doesn't fade, slow or stop as my cock erupts in her mouth.
She wanted to swallow my cum and that's what she's doing. She's good, really good at sucking cock. I can tell. It's a little like seeing a professional athlete, totally effortless the result of constant training and practice.
Sated, she opens her mouth to show me her prize, swirls her tongue around and swallows every drop. Out comes her tongue to show me proof as she says, "That was fun. I'll be here all week."
"I need a nap. I think you sucked the life out of me."
"Exactly what I wanted." is her answer.
It's not even the second day. There's so much more fun ahead I think.