My day did not start well. I had difficulties starting the engine of my old and beloved Alpha Julia, and it ran with bursts of "barks" once in a while. To be on the safe side, I drove to my mechanic to check the car.
"It may be ready not earlier than tomorrow at the end of the day," said my mechanic. "Maybe some fault in the ignition system."
I called my office to let them know I will be very late to work. I asked my secretary to reschedule all meetings I had on my calendar.
"Danny, It may be good for you to have a day off. You've been working too hard in the last weeks. Providence hints you," said my secretary over the phone. "I'll cover your ass here. It's a nice day to spend out on the beach," she said, and I could imagine her big smile.
"Thanks Eva for your kind advice. I'll follow it."
I took the bus back home, changed into my favorite bathing suit, packed my tanning oil, beach towel and off I went to the nearest city beach.
I usually like to go to my favorite beach out of the city, as it is more secluded and it is clothing optional. I like to lay naked on the beach or take a stroll wearing only risque swimwear, but that day I had to compromise due to lack of adequate transportation.
As it was summer vacation, the beach was packed. There was almost no space between people lying on the beach, but luckily this is a section of the beach where young people gather to see and be seen. The atmosphere is young and flirtatious, which compensates for being extremely crowded.
I spotted a "slot" in the crowd of sunbathers at the far end of the beach. I got there, spread my beach towel, took off my shirt and shorts and remained in my small G string pocket bikini.
I like wearing it. The pocket width may be adjusted on the horizontal front string till it looks like a tear drop. When stretched, it is just wide as in most common string bikinis, which makes it look more decent. The string that "covers" my ass crack is also a bit wider than in the common string bikinis, but is made of soft and pliable material, which adheres perfectly to my buttocks. It is also made of tan through material, so I have no tan lines.
My beach ritual is as follows: I start with the top of the pocket stretched sideways, and the back string out of my ass crack. When I see that the coast is clear, which means no offensive remarks or stares are made by the beach goers, I start narrowing my pouch and let my G string sink into my ass crack till it disappears there. There is more to my bikini; Once it gets wet it becomes almost transparent and adheres to my skin like a thin layer of body-paint. This had never failed in getting me excited, and my cock grows to, at least, half mast when I wear it. In that way I can transform myself into being almost nude, while still being legally dressed. Normally my neighboring men and women get used to my practically naked state and they usually stare but do not look offended.
I also take good care to keep myself smooth all over. This means absolutely no body hair, not even in the deepest recesses and orifices of my body. I just love this smooth feeling and the feel of being extra naked like a newborn.
I do keep in good physical shape. I am no movie star or a fashion model, but I do get a handful of stares from nice looking women.
Although you may get the impression that I am full of self confidence and sexually daring, I have to let you down on this. I am actually a bit shy. All these almost nude, or nudist behaviors of mine, are a technique I developed over the years to overcome my shyness. Perhaps to camouflage it. Sorry about that, but this is who I am. Speaking of being shy, I am no Valentino, nor John Holmes when it comes to picking up women.
Luckily, in the nether department I am slightly above average in length and girth (At least I'd like to think so). I especially love the way my dick and balls are hung. When flaccid, my dick is always kept a bit engorged and is nicely built forward and then hangs down over my balls, which are kept in a tight sac that is hung high and forward of my flat stomach. It is really a part of my body that I am highly satisfied with and proud of. It also gives me great pleasure alone, or with my female partners, that I was having sex with till now. And to these who must ask, I was 38 years old when this episode took place.
So, dear reader, after briefing you with the necessary background details, let me tell you what happened to me on the beach that day.
I took the bottle of suntan oil and started spreading it all over my body, except my back and part of my ass cheeks where I couldn't reach properly.
I laid myself on the beach towel with my front facing the towel.
Not a minute later I heard a woman's voice near me: "I'll do your back if you'll do mine."
I turned my head towards the voice. Till than I actually didn't pay any attention to the people around me. I was so preoccupied with getting the "real estate" to put my towel on, that I ignored everything else. Now it was time to catch up.
I looked at the woman who addressed me. Good looking. Well tanned. Well toned. Probably she had been doing a lot of sports. Tiny bikini like mine, but in a female version. Actually too small when having a second look. Great tits. Her bikini hardly covered her areola and nipples, which were quite visible through the thin, I suspected liner free, material. Nice smile. Actually, quite a sexy inviting smile. Her derriere was impressive. Smooth and brown and no extra fat on her well toned muscles. I couldn't see the back string. It was lost in between her buttocks.
"That is an offer I will accept without a blink," I replied.
Our beach towels were almost touching, so she just slid herself closer to me and sat up. She took the bottle of oil I left on the towel and poured some on my back, and started to spread it all over. I closed my eyes and relaxed my body, letting her oil my back. After spreading the oil she did not stop and continued running her hands on my back in light massage movements that I reciprocated with soft moans. "You have a magic touch," I complemented her.
"Thank you. I enjoy oiling a smooth body like yours."
She moved herself, sans parole, between my legs, spreading them to make a place for her kneeling position and started oiling my ass. She positioned my back string deep in my ass so it would not be in her way. Oil was dripped over my buttocks and she started kneading them up and down. These movements made me slide in small movements up and down the towel. I felt my dick getting massaged by this manipulation and I started to get stiff and excited. She kept rocking me like that and I started moaning, trying to keep quiet. My dick was getting hot and very hard from the monotonous rocking. She must have noticed that because she escalated one further step. She put her thumbs deep in the crevice of my ass, moving them with her palms spread on my ass, up and down from my perineum to the top of my ass. Each time her thumbs touches my anus, I jerked.
"Oh My God," I uttered quietly. "This is so good. You can make me cum if you continue like that".
"Don't you dare cumming! I need you hard for later on." She gave me a small thrust with one of her thumbs passed my sphincter which almost sent me over the edge. I felt my dick starting to ooze pre cum uncontrollably.
"Please slow down, I can hardly control myself," I begged her.
She moved her thumbs out of my buttocks and eased the movements on my ass. It gave me time to bring myself down from my height of excitement. I drew a big breath and squeezed my perineum muscles to relax my hard on. It worked and I felt more in control.
She moved to my legs oiling them. Working on my calves gave me time to cool down farther, which I took full advantage of. When she started working on my inner thighs, my cock sprang again to life. I am so sensitive at the inner side of my thighs. She sensed that and said softly into my ear: "It is so easy to control your arousal."
"You just know how to find my sensitive spots. This is so fucking erotic with all the people around us, not having a clue of what is going on between us."
"You are very wrong. There are quite a few around us who have more than a clue of what I do to you. They just chose to enjoy the sexy view in a way that won't make us stop. This is a game I am familiar with on this beach. We pretend that we do not cross the line between accepted beach behavior and having some sort of sexual acts, and they pretend not to see that we cross that line. This is a win win situation. Enjoy the ride. If we keep to these rules, we are quite safe. Trust me. I have some experience I gathered here. You have no idea how far you can get with it. You only need to avoid penetration. No fucking in front of beach goers. Or, shall I say, do not fuck if people can see you. This is the only rule."
I was struggling to listen to her explanation, which oddly made sense to me, because she was now massaging my inner thighs, rubbing my balls through my pocket G-string. She moved her right hand to massage the outer side of my right thigh and pelvis. She spent some time there, then moved back her right hand into between my inner thighs and moved her left hand to work on my left thigh and pelvis. Suddenly I felt her bare fingers touching my balls. How did she got there? When I understood, I was shocked. She opened my horizontal string which was tied on both sides and slipped my thong off my ass and balls without me noticing that. The fact that I was lying now totally naked and fully exposed on a textile city beach sipped into my mind. I couldn't move much as I risked exposing my genitals or drawing attention from people around us.
After a moment of dread, I was experiencing a new feeling. Instead of being scared to death by the possibility of getting humiliated by the crowd, had they noticed my total nudity; I started to feel sexually aroused and my dick became so hard, it was almost painful. I lost that fear of being exposed and became confident in my nakedness and felt deep trust to that special woman, who I just met, that took full control of me before we even exchanged names nor pleasantries.
She kept teasing my bare balls haphazardly, like it was the most normal thing to do for a few more minutes. Then, she tied my bikini string back, and said: "Your turn now!"
I turned on my back and noticed immediately that my cock stretching my bikini to its limit, so I sat up immediately to hide at least part of my erection.
"Nice cock! I may want to ride it soon," she said as if she was talking about the weather.
"In my condition, the sooner the better," I replied, making her smile.
"Make sure you do a thorough job oiling me," she said while stretching herself on her towel, face downward.
Using the example and advice she gave me, I unfastened the knots on her microkini bra, then I did the same to the panties and arranged the bra strings to the side of her back, so her breasts were free on both sides. I pulled the lower part strings out of her ass crack and laid them between her thighs on the towel. Now she was practically naked, though "officially" still wearing a bikini.
"In case you want to know, my name is Danny."
"Eva. Sorry I didn't introduce myself before I touched you. I sometimes forget my manners."
I pulled her hair up and started oiling her neck, taking my time to enjoy her smooth skin under my palms. Eva gave me constant feedback while I touched her, emitting soft moans of pleasure. I continued down to her back, oiled my hands and spread the oil onto her back. I moved my hands sideways to oil the sides of her breasts. Eva lifted her chest just a tiny bit off the towel. I got the hint and slid my palms to to oil her nipples and play with them till she moaned louder and I felt her nipples harden to my touch. I gave them a final pinch, which made her sigh and her pelvis shuddered just a tiny bit.
I slid my palms to her lower back and continued oiling the rest of her back, preparing to invade her Southern territory.
I took the bottle of oil and poured some oil on her ass chicks and a lot more on her ass crack, watching the oil flowing in abandon between her thighs to reach her hidden vulva.
I started massaging her ass, rocking it up and down so her mound was rubbing on the towel beneath her. She didn't stay quiet, and let me know through her moaning what she liked more and less. I tuned into her and did my best to keep her moaning more and more. Eva started to have tiny contractions of her ass and pelvic muscles. She was getting horny. She increased the gap between her thighs, just a little, so as not to expose her pussy to the public.
The hint was bluntly there, but I decided to tease her more; I straddled her, with both knees outside her thighs. My cock was hard like blue steel and was stretching my bikini pouch to the limit, but at my state of excitement I couldn't care less what people thought about it. I continued rocking her ass up and down more efficiently now. I leaned forward, applying more weight through my palms on her ass. Meanwhile I let my cock tease her thighs.
My thumbs traveled between her ass chicks, pressing on her rosebud each time they passed there. Eva was trembling with pleasure under my palms, lifting her ass slightly to try and have my thumb penetrate her ass each time I glided on her rosebud.
It was time for more excitement. I pushed my thumbs further down between her thighs and reached her pussy lips each time I ended my downward stroke. Eva opened her thighs wider. She was concealed by my body. I worked on the outside of her outer labia. Swollen and very wet and slippery, they were. I was sure it was quite difficult for her to keep her excitement under control. She could try and cheat the people around us, but she couldn't cheat me, as I felt her tensed pelvic muscles contracting under my touch.
Next time my thumbs reached her pussy, I let them rub on her clit. My thumbs met a very hard clit, that was slipping between my thumbs. I was trying to catch it between my thumbs so I could play with it, but the more I tried the less I succeeded in catching it. My movements drove Eva wild, and she held my thumbs like a vice with locked between her thighs. I let go of her pussy and massaged her back and ass again in long flowing movements, to let her cool down a bit. I didn't want her to have a full blown orgasmic finale that I didn't have a clue how wild she would get.
A couple of minutes of innocent massage have passed, and it was playtime again. When my thumb reached her rosebud, I let it sink an inch or so passed her muscle ring. It took her by surprise, and I could hear a shriek emitted into the towel. Keeping my thumb inside her anus, I slid my other fingers till they reached her pussy and sunk it into her wet cunt. Eva surprised me with the self control she was exhibiting. The only outward signs I saw were her face sinking deeper into the towel, and her finger nails digging into my thighs. Inward was another story. Her pussy and anus contracted spasmodically on my fingers. I made subtle motions with my fingers, feeling them through the thin membrane that separated her anus from her vagina. The spasms grew stronger till she squeezed my fingers in a final long twitch. No doubt she managed to claim her orgasm.
Still very erect, I let her calm down from her silent climax. I refastened her bikini and leaned into her ear: "Your place or mine?"
"Your place, but later. I still have some games I'd like to play with you before we go."