"So if everything is clear, I would like your verbal agreement to follow the rules laid out."
The Reverend's voice was much softer than it was when he was speaking in front of a crowd; Almost a whisper as though he wasn't used to talking at all. But there was still a quiet confidence to his cadence - as if he knew that he didn't need to yell to demand the respect of others.
He was sitting on Eris' couch inside of Eris' living room inside of Eris' house - though it hardly felt like her own home right now as there were padlocks on many of the doors and most of her refrigerator had been emptied out as its contents were deemed 'temptations'; Things ranging from beer to leftover takeout to basically anything that wasn't a staple. She watched as the head of the Neighborhood Watch and the younger of the town's two police officers, Leo, worked together to make sure it was satisfactory to the Reverend's liking. As they worked, Eris was made to kneel on the floor in the middle of the house while they stared at her with each passing trip - carrying boxes of clothes, towels, blankets, and food out to be either thrown away or hidden in a location she was not allowed to know.
They even took down the curtains and the quilts - her bed had only a single white sheet on it and her bathroom had one towel that was kept in a locked box on the counter - the key to be given to her when she was told to shower. Eris was left with nothing to cover herself with as she knelt naked on the floor in front of the Reverend, a sheet of paper on the floor that he had just finished reading aloud.
"I would have you sign the contract to make it official, but given that you might be a witch I don't want to take the risk of having proof that I've entered a contract with you. I hope you understand why a verbal agreement is needed."
Eris was compelled to strip during a church meeting - the logic being that she was a witch and that nudity would reveal her magic to the whole town. But even after having to masturbate to prove her innocence, there was still ample suspicion around her presence there, and the only way anybody would believe she was innocent was if she continued to remain naked until everybody was satisfied that their theory was disproved. How long that would take though still remained to be seen.
"Yes, sir." Eris responded. She knew better to disagree with what the Reverend said - one of the first rules she was taught after her humiliating sentence began.
"Excellent," The Reverend smiled and slid the paper closer to her. "I will permit you to keep this for your own reference. You can hang it up somewhere or ask another person to carry it for you if you want to reference the rules later."
She picked up the sheet and read over it one more time, her hands shaking as she gripped it by the edges. It read:
"The accused Witch -name here- does hereby understand and agree to the following rules for the duration of her sentence, to be served until such time as the Church's leadership agrees she is no longer a threat to her surroundings.
Rule 1) The Witch is always to obey her escort's direct demands. Obedience shall be done to the best of the Witch's ability and a failure to react in a punctual manner will be considered an incursion to be punished at the Escort's discretion.
Rule 2) The Witch must be escorted by a morally upstanding person(s) at all hours. If no such person is available or the designated Escort is currently indisposed, the Witch is expected to find an alternative Escort and request to be monitored of her own volition.
Rule 3) The Witch is not permitted to wear clothing or any other body covering unless otherwise told to. This includes articles of a makeshift nature including covering with her hands. Anything she is ordered to wear must be worn until it is ordered to be removed or forcibly removed by her Escort.
Rule 4) The Witch may not circumvent the above rules in any way, such as intentionally deafening herself to avoid hearing commands, attempting to deceive the escort to leave her alone, attempting to avoid nudity by hiding herself, et cetera.
Rule 5) The Witch is expected to behave in a respectful way to non-escort citizens. This rule must be observed even in moments of provocation. Should the Witch be molested during her sentence, she must confer with her Escort to diffuse the problem and is not permitted to take matters into her own hands.
These above rules are binding in descendant order. That is to say, the topmost rules override rules beneath them. For example - the Witch may wear clothing if her escort orders her to do so. She may be left alone at the discretion of her escort. She may act disobediently to non-escort citizens if it means maintaining her nudity."
"Ordinarily, we would have to keep you under surveillance inside your house at all times to ensure that you do not pose a threat to Fairhaven." The Reverend gave her some time to finish re-reading before he began to speak again. "But given that we are still unsure that you are guilty, I've decided to allow you to continue to lead a regular life to ensure that this sentence does not impede your ordinary ambitions."
"You mean? I'll be allowed to leave my house?" Eris asked. "To see my friends? To enjoy myself?"
"By all means, yes." The Reverend smiled. "I hope you didn't think we'd be treating you like some sort of prisoner! After all, you are technically innocent until proven guilty. The entire point of this exercise was to test your guilt, and it would be hard to compare your lifestyle changes if we kept you cooped up all day. In fact, this entire trial only makes sense if you go about your business as normal.
"Of course, the rules will still apply..."
"Wait, you mean..." Eris shuddered. "I still need to stay naked?"
"Naturally." The Reverend smiled.
Eris shuddered as the reality of her situation sank in. She would not only have to spend the next several days naked, but she was expected to continue to live her usual life that way - to go to work, to meet with friends, to visit all of her earlier obligations. And she'd have an escort making sure she went through with it.Part of her wanted to raise her voice; To complain or ask for better conditions or even to refuse to comply outright. But The Reverend had made sure she knew the alternative - he was an expert at rousing people into anger and he would make sure that that anger would be directed her way.
"Excuse me," A head poked around the corner and began to speak before she could linger on that thought any longer, Officer Leo's - who was still struggling not to stare too obviously at the naked girl on the ground. "We're all done here, s-sir."
"Very well." The Reverend stood up and walked towards the door. "I have other things to do, but don't worry, you can stay in your own home today."Ms. Crumfeld has already volunteered to be your first Escort for the sentencing. She will serve the role that I have been serving thus far until such time that we can get a more stable list of volunteers."
The two men left, leaving the scowling, bitter crone alone with the naked Eris before she even had the chance to consider what he meant by 'volunteers'.
She heard the door shut in the distance - then, the sound of something locking. Did they have a copy of her house key? She wasn't able to ponder this question, either before Crumfeld snapped her fingers to get Eris' attention.
"Get up." She spoke, a slight gravel-y noise in her voice. "You're going to bed."
Eris stood up, her gaze fixed on the corner of the room as she still found it hard to maintain eye-contact with anybody in her current state of undress.
"You can use the blanket in there, but don't try anything funny." Crumfeld pointed down the hallway. "I'll be watching."
"I'm sure you will..." Eris thought. She didn't speak, though, merely nodding before heading down the hallway.
As she made her way to her bedroom, she took the chance to look at what they'd done to her home - her family's home. The hallway that she'd grown up in was now full of barricaded doors - padlocks on everything as the Reverend didn't want to increase the amount of hiding space she had available. She thought about what her parents might think if they could see the home today - but they were long gone on some long-term retirement vacation, leaving an unsold house behind as they believed their only daughter would eventually need it when she failed to make it on her own in the city. She hated that they were right.
Her bedroom was in the middle of the hallway and she noticed that there was a new lock attached to the frame on the outside. No doubt it was meant to keep her inside when she couldn't be monitored, there was no way to unlock something like that from within. The Reverend had said she was not a prisoner, but it didn't feel that way.
Before she got into her bed, she was told to stay just to the side of it as the head of the Watch flipped the sheets about, as if to inspect them for certain arbitrary parameters. When she didn't find anything wrong with the small white sheet, she scowled and walked over to the adjoined bathroom - which Eris just now noticed had no door.
Eris crawled beneath the covers, still a bit cold underneath the thin sheet but at least content to have some sort of covering for her body at last. She heard the lights click off as the room switched to darkness, the only illumination coming from the scant reflections of distant streetlights that shone in through the curtain-less windows. She was thankful her bedroom's only windows were blocked by overgrown hedges to prevent a nosy neighbor from seeing her like this - her lack of interest in yard maintenance was paying off.
And then, when she heard the door click shut, she finally had a moment's reprieve - the first time there wasn't a pair of eyes on her naked body for hours. Likely one of the last times for the indeterminate future.
Eris wasn't in Fairhaven by choice. She'd hated this small town since she was old enough to realize there was a world outside of it. But her parents enjoyed the 'cozy' vibes of the religious community here and didn't seem to find any fault with their only daughter being denied the exploration and fun of a more active social life. She never had many friends growing up, merely hanging around the girls her age out of necessity but not growing too attached to any of them aside from Shelby - and even she had grown distant in the last few days.
The same week she graduated from high school, she moved away. She wasn't entirely sure where and had wound up selecting an apartment she'd never even seen, purely on the word of a woman she'd only ever known over the phone. That first apartment was surrounded by noisy neighbors, located next to a busy intersection, and regularly had rodents scampering through it. And she'd loved it.
Eris moved from odd job to odd job, meeting plenty of new people but never getting especially close to any of them either as her chaotic new life never seemed to grant her the time to socialize. After a few months of being overwhelmed with work, she finally had to move in with her boyfriend - a guy she'd only known for a few weeks - just to get by after exhausting her savings.
It seemed as though she'd finally managed some amount of consistency until she found out that the guy was a serial cheater. She wasn't just the 'other girl', she was one of several 'other women'. She refused to stay with him and moved back to Fairhaven, back to the boring hamlet she'd resented for those years.
But upon returning, she didn't find the quiet town her parents had left. People were suddenly more private than before - nobody would wave to passersby or start random conversations with neighbors they recognized. The town she'd grown up in was full of strangers with familiar faces. And everybody was much more religious than before; The church went from a casual meeting place to the center of everybody's lives. She knew that was the work of Reverend Richards.
Eris wasn't sure when she started crying - only that her cheeks had drying tears on them. She hadn't heard any noise from the rest of the house for a while and suspected that Crumfeld had fallen asleep. Hesitantly, she slid out from beneath her covers and walked towards the door, not expecting what to feel when she turned the handle. To her surprise, it was unlocked.
She poked her head into the dark hallway and, seeing nothing but black, stepped through, letting her hands guide her along the familiar walls and to the kitchen. She flipped a switch near the entryway which illuminated a single bulb above the sink, not enough to brighten the entire room, just to see what she was doing.
Her throat was dry from unsuccessfully crying herself to sleep. She got a glass from the cabinet, filled it up from the sink, and felt cool relief as she gulped the entire contents down in a few seconds. After setting it aside, she looked towards the front hallway, wondering if perhaps that door was unlocked, as well.
But even if she ran that way, was there any guarantee she could get much further? She was still naked, with nothing in her house to cover with. She could try to awkwardly tie the bed sheet around her chest, but then what? She had nowhere to run to except possibly Shelby's house. But she was one of the people who'd betrayed her during the gathering before; Although even now, Eris suspected that Shelby was likely coerced into her assistance - she was never an especially brave woman.
Eris didn't get the chance to ponder escape any longer when a silhouette appeared in the hallway, flicking on the rest of the lights and briefly blinding her. Ms. Crumfeld stood in the doorway, a metal fireplace poker in her hand and an even sharper look in her eyes.
"What on earth do you think you're doing?" She shouted. "I thought someone had broken in!"
"I'm just getting water." Eris responded, pointing to the glass. "I was thirsty."
"You were never given permission to drink." She scowled.
"It's just water!" Eris protested.
"It doesn't matter what it is, you're not meant to consume anything without permission!" She smacked her open palm with the heavy metal. "Now get back to your bed or I'll call the police and have them gag you!"
"I-" Eris was about to protest, but standing there naked while a woman was waving a weapon at her made her doubt her abilities to do any more. In a fair fight, she could probably overpower the old woman. But that wouldn't do her any favors in convincing the town she wasn't a threat. Eris simply sighed and walked out of the kitchen.
She was ordered back to her bedroom, this time with the lock clicking shut behind her after entering. Eris slid under the sheets once more, trying to find a comfortable position for what felt like hours before sleep finally came to her.
...
There was a sharp shaking on her shoulder as cold fingers wrapped themselves around her skin, tightening with each shake until she was firmly awake.
"Get up!" Crumfeld was standing over her - two men flanking her side. "You can't expect to sleep all day!"
"I - wha?" Eris was still half-asleep until she saw the two men ogling her body and remembered her nakedness. Instinctively she pulled the blanket to her chest before Crumfeld grabbed it out of her hands and exposed her whole body to them.
"Go shower!" She pointed to the bathroom, which was attached to the bedroom itself. "I need to discuss things with these men, but don't be long."
One of the men she had recognized as Officer Weissman, the older of the two policemen in town and somebody who had been working as an officer for as long as she could remember. He was tall and broad at the shoulders, with a thin mustache that matched his short, black hair. His eyes followed Eris the entire walk to the bathroom, the man clearly ogling her body with each step she took.
She didn't know who the other man was, but the indifferent expression to her nakedness worn on his bespectacled face was somehow even scarier.
The bathroom door had been removed from its hinges and she noticed there was no curtain on the shower. Regardless, the walls of the room were still a welcome coverage for her nudity - at least, until Weissman followed her into the bathroom.
"Excuse me?" She asked.
But Weissman merely leaned against the bathroom counter, staring at her chest. She tried to ignore him as she entered the shower and leaned forward to turn the hot water on. But when she turned back around, he was even closer, wrapping a hand around her waist as he leaned towards the shower to turn the dial aside.
"Was told not to let you use hot water." He smiled. "Could be a temptation. Besides, cold water gets you just as clean."
"I - but... it's" Eris wanted to protest, but knew she didn't have much freedom to do so. She took one last look at the spout of water before wincing and stepping into the stream.
"Oh! Oh my g-god!" She stuttered as the freezing liquid seemed to blast right through her. Instinctively, she covered her chest to prevent her most sensitive areas from being sprayed and tried to turn around. But rough hands grasped her arms and tugged her back into the spray as he was forced to uncover once again.
"Hurry up." He said. "Although, I guess I could watch this all day."
Soaking wet and shivering, Eris tried to scowl at the guy - though her hair clinging to her face did little to let her emotions show. She pumped a bit of soap into her hands and started to rub down her body, still incredibly conscious of the man watching her do so. It was a quick shower as she wanted to get out from the freezing stream as soon as possible and she didn't wash most of her body as she felt uncomfortable squeezing tender parts in full view of somebody else.
She shut off the water and looked up, briefly considering covering her erect nipples before remembering she wasn't allowed to. Weissman only gazed back.
"You sure you're done?" He stared between her legs, Eris crossing them out of reflex.
"Y-yes?" She was still cold from the shower.
"I think you could've washed better." He pointed to the soap. "Lather up."
Eris hid a scowl by turning around and pumped more soap into her hands, rubbing the still-slick palms together as she started to re-apply soap in the open shower. When she realized he was staring intently at her ass, she swallowed and began to scrub it.
Eris was quicker this time around, focusing on the areas she'd avoided during her first scrubbing as she resigned to letting this man watch her touch herself. She could feel her ass bouncing as she caressed it with her soapy hands, scrubbing between her legs with a few short swipes before she turned around to see if he approved.
"Up there, too." He pointed at her chest.
Eris bit her tongue to stop herself from scoffing and proceeded to massage her breasts, too. She was thankful for their modest size as she was able to cover them pretty quickly before turning around again, her body covered in bubbles.
He was about to open his mouth to say something when Crumfeld's voice called from the other room and he looked away from Eris for the first time in several minutes.
"Fine, I guess." He rolled his eyes. "Go ahead and rinse off, I'll unlock the towel."
She turned the water back on, wincing at the cold temperature and scrubbing at her skin to get it over with as quickly as possible. Thankfully, the officer was gone by the time she was done (and the water had warmed up a bit) so she was at least able to dry herself off on her own.
She searched beneath the cabinet for her hair dryer but found that most of her personal affects down there were gone. Her hair sticking to her face, she wrapped the towel around her chest and walked out of the bathroom to see her bedroom empty. There were voices coming from further down the hallway that were muttering about something she couldn't quite hear.
"-completely pointless. I don't see the function at all."
"This is about modularity; It serves as a central point for the rest of the set."
"I think you're just trying to up-sell us. I don't see why we can't use the old-fashioned equipment."
"With all due respect, that equipment is much less suited because of its lack of personalization. That's to say nothing of the discomfort it should provide."
"This isn't a conversation about comfort! Why should I care if there's a bit of wiggle room?"
"That 'wiggle room' is cumulative. Besides, Richards was the one who hired me. Can't I talk with him?"
"He's busy at the moment and put me in charge."
"And you're sure you know what to do more than he does? Would he approve of your decisions?"
Crumfeld was talking with the strange man with the glasses from earlier - a fervent argument up until the point that Richards' name was brought up at which point the old woman simply threw up her hands and looked away - and directly at Eris, whose head was poking out from behind a doorway.
"You! Witch!" She pointed. "What are you doing out?"
"I was wondering if you moved the hairdryer-" Eris was cut off.
"Get that towel off immediately!" She was shouting enough to draw the attention of the other men. "Come here!"
"But I'm not done-"
"NOW!" She pointed at the ground in front of her.
Eris sighed and looked down at her towel-clad body, realizing her error. She pulled off the towel and let it fall to the floor of her living room before stepping towards the three people who'd woken her up that morning.
"Ah, so this is the witch in question?" The man she didn't recognize adjusted his glasses. "Richards told me about her. I have to say she looks quite mundane for being so devilish."
"I am not a witch." Eris stated.
"Yeah, we'll see." Crumfeld rolled her eyes. "Well, Michaels, you wanted to take some measurements - here she is."
"Excellent." Michaels nodded. "I'll return to my car to get the necessary equipment."
"Actually," Crumfeld stated, looking back at Eris. "I think the witch will go with you. Why make you walk so much?"
"O-outside?" Eris blinked a few times.
"We could've done it the privacy of your home, but you had to walk out here covering yourself up." Crumfeld walked to the door. "Now, go out there and kneel on the grass. This is a punishment for rule-breaking."
Eris clenched her fists together and stepped over the towel on the floor heading towards the door. Maybe if she was fast about it she could avoid having to spend any more time naked outdoors than was necessary - her plan was to get this over with as soon as possible.
The sun briefly blinded her as she stepped out her front door, Eris shielding her eyes with the back of a hand and wondering if that was even acceptable. Her heart sank when she saw that there were already a few people outside, some standing around and waiting. From the looks of it, people were gathered to see if the rumors of a witch living among them was true, or more likely, the rumors of a woman sentenced to nudity.
She tried to ignore the stares as she walked into a spot on the grass near the vehicle parked by her driveway and knelt down on the ground there, her bare butt squishing against the heels of her feet.
"Not like that." A voice behind her called out - Weissman's. "Upright."
Eris turned around to look at him and felt a tug on her shoulder - being pulled into a more exposed position as she could no longer hide some of her nudity behind her thighs. The officer ran a hand down her back, cupping her butt with one hand as his other one went between her thighs, pushing her legs apart further. Eris didn't fight the shoving, in part because she didn't like having her body felt up by a man in this way.
He then moved his hands up, grabbing Eris' wrists and placing her hands on top of her head. She was now kneeling with her knees at a nearly right angle as her armpits were completely exposed to the half-dozen people who were gathered around her. She knew she couldn't cover her body anyway, but the position felt so much more exposed than she had been before. Eris shut her eyes and tried to ignore the people around her.
"I think I've got it all." Eris heard Michaels' voice and the sound of a bag thudding on the ground to her side. "I see you've already got her in the correct position."
He began to touch her body all over, wrapping fingers around each wrist then writing something down before pulling a tape measure across her arms, around her neck, and taking several measurements of her breasts. She could feel the tape on her skin, pushing her boobs up, then compressing them. Some of his measurements were taken with tools, sometimes he used his bare hands, but no matter what was touching her the movements were all rough and uncomfortable.
With her eyes closed, she could feel each motion even more thoroughly - and she could hear some of the conversations of the onlookers, too.
"That's the witch?""She's hot, dude.""Dare ya to grab her tits."
Michaels' hands went lower and lower, first to her waist, then around her hips, and then she felt something brush up against her sex as he started measuring her thighs awfully high up. She let out a sharp squeak at the touch. The boys began to laugh.
"I'm reminded." Crumfeld started to speak. "I caught her violating her diet restrictions last night. Do you think you could fit her for a gag?"
"What do you mean a-" Eris was cut off when she felt a sharp squeezing sensation on both her nipples at the same time.
She fell over backwards at the sensation, the boy from the crowd jumping back when she did so. Eris landed on her back, her legs spread completely apart before the awestruck guy looking down at her - his two friends laughing at the sight not only of her bare pussy but the friend they'd presumably just dared to run over.
"Cut that out." Weissman stepped forward a bit. "Shouldn't you boys be at school?"
"They dared me to!" He complained, never taking his eyes off of Eris' sex. "Besides, we're seniors - we don't have a first block."
Realizing the bystanders were all looking between her legs, Eris covered it up with one hand as her other was used to raise herself back to a seated position.
"No covering!" Crumfeld shouted.
"I was shoved!" Eris yelled. "It's not on purpose!"
"Do you have something that will shut her up?" Weissman turned to the bespectacled man kneeling beside Eris.
"From Richards' first observations, I've read that sexual release seems to repress her darker urges." Michael stood up. "I think I may have something that can assist with this."
He opened his bag and began to rummage through. Eris looked over and noticed not only measurement equipment, but several short lengths of leather straps as well as buckles and tightening mechanisms. Between those and his actions before, Eris finally realized she was being measured for some sort of bondage set. Her throat quickly grew dry at the thought.
"Here we go!" Michaels retrieved a small, pink egg-shaped device. "You can use this to train her in the near future."
Crumfeld looked at it with curiosity, but Eris recognized the vibrator for what it was.
"Please..." She begged. "It's alright. I'll behave."
"Even so," Michaels retrieved a rubber strap from his bag. "It's best to have the option available. If you would, please wrap this around your thigh."
Eris took the rubber strap from his hands and stared at it for a while. One one hand, it was the closest thing to clothing she'd be allowed to wear, even if it lacked any actual coverage. On the other, it was the type of thing that would hold the vibrator in place - and she was already afraid of how the device might be used.
She lowered herself to the ground and slid the strap up her right leg, using her seated position as a small amount of coverage from the few onlookers who were still around as well as the newcomers enjoying the show. Once the strap was comfortably snug around her thigh (though it was squeezing her fat a bit around it) she stood up and turned towards the others, who were engrossed in an explanation of the egg's functions.
"So the device here can attach to her thigh while the moving part is inserted directly." He was pointing to Eris' body as he explained. "I'll leave it up to you how you want to enforce her behavior with it. Some have found that using it as a reward is far better than using it as a punishment, but you're able to go either way."
"It'll just slide right in?" Crumfeld asked, looking directly at Eris' opening. She felt the urge to cover with her hands, but knew that would only get her in more trouble.
"I'll do it." Eris whispered. "I can do it myself."
"Hum!" Weissman chuckled. "She's eager!"
The truth was that Eris simply didn't want anybody inserting something into her vagina - nobody nearby was likely to be gentle with her and it was for the best to have some control over the task no matter how humiliating it was. She held the device in both hands, breathing heavily as she reached down to place the larger end inside the strap.
And then, there was only the egg. Once she had it in her fingers it seemed much larger than she had first noticed it to be, but anything could look more intimidating than it was when you weren't looking forward to it. She tried to relax, but between the stares and the whispers, found it hard to do so. The pink plastic pushed into her lower lips softly at first before she pushed upwards with increasing force - hoping not to overdo it. Already she could feel a bit of moisture forming between her legs, though she was confident that she'd dried off better than that after her shower.
And then, all at once, her pussy seemed to accept its role eagerly, swallowing up the vibrator in one slick movement.
"And if you move that switch there, it will activate." Michaels pointed to a small remote Crumfeld had in her hand. "The higher it goes, the more intense the vibrations."
Then, there was a shocking sensation coming from down below. Eris fell to her knees at the suddenness of the feeling between her legs, a wave of pleasure emanating from the pulsing device which was much more intense than anything she could have expected. She didn't even hear the rest of the conversation as she tried to control her breathing.
"That's the maximum setting." Eris heard as the sensation slowed to a more modest hum. "You can probably leave it much lower for the time being.
"Well!" Michaels smiled at the sight of Eris' shaking legs. "It seems like everything is in order, here. I'll head back to my shop and start working on that order."
"You got everything under control, now?" Weissman said to Crumfeld, never taking his eyes off of Eris' sex. "I suppose I've got other things to do."
Crumfeld dismissed both men with a wave of her hand, the other one clutching a small remote in her hands with a confused expression. As both of them drove off, she could feel herself tightening in anticipation against the prospect of what the old woman might do next. The slow hum was making it hard to focus as the world seemed to be fuzzier than she had remembered.
"Alright." Crumfeld said. "I've got work to do as well, but Richards told me about the next volunteer we have for you. Of course, I can't expect you to go there on your own, Lord knows you'd probably wander off."
Crumfeld began to walk down the street, leaving Eris panicked about what was going on. She meekly walked forward, feeling the awkward rubbing motion of the active vibrator between her legs. It was agonizing forcing herself not to yank it out - the humming seemed to echo through her whole body as her pussy tightened involuntarily.
Then, Eris realized that her escort was not walking to her car, but rather, straight past it.
"Wh-where are we going?" She managed to gasp.
"It's not far from here, just a couple of blocks." Crumfeld motioned her forwards. "Knight said he'd be able to keep an eye on you while he was at work."
"Knight..." Eris thought. In this small town, she knew most of the names of the prominent people and there was only one man with that last name - a man with whom she'd met unsuccessfully the day before for an interview.
The High School's Principal.