"I...think we should...be open to..." I stammered.  I was trying to tell my girlfriend that we should see other people as we went our to our separate colleges but was choking as I looked into her big brown eyes.
Amanda was my first real girlfriend.  I had met her just after graduating from high school when we were both taking an advanced mathematics class that would give us credit when we went off to college.  We were both 'nerds' in high school...neither of us were sporty or popular and we had focused on getting great great grades vs. socializing.  She had got a scholarship at a state college, I was headed out of state for an Engineering degree.
I had awkwardly flirted with her in class, and was surprised she was receptive.  I was not a great looking guy, and had never had a lot of luck with the ladies.  But it seemed easy with Amanda.  We both had enjoyed making fun of the other students, most of whom were college kids who had failed and needed the course to catch up.  The course was every weekday morning and we started to hang out during our morning break together and eventually we started having lunch together after class.
Amanda was no beauty queen but she was cute.  A petite, skinny girl of Japanese and Mongolian heritage, Amanda wore glasses that somewhat took away from her big brown eyes.  She had shoulder length brown hair.  Amanda didn't smile a lot but when she did, she had a big, toothy grin that was a bit goofy but made me smile.  I had fallen in love with Amanda when I kissed her for the first time.
It's embarrassing but I had really only had a romantic relationship with one other girl, Ashley Jones.  Honestly even that wasn't really 'romantic'.  Ashley was a popular cheerleader who normally wouldn't have had time for me, but I had agreed to tutor her in calculus.  I enjoyed having the chance to be so close to her, but realized quickly  that it would be very tough to teach her since she had no aptitude or interest in the subject.  Often my tutoring session would be interrupted by her texting with a friend or her boyfriend.  I brought up some kind of compensation when I realized it would be very time consuming, but Ashley said there was no way she was 'paying for math'.  Ashley could see me trying to talk my way out of continuing the tutoring when she suggested an arrangement.  Unwrapping a lollipop and putting in her mouth she said, "Tell you what.  If you can get me a C or better in the mid-term, I will let you...jack off while looking at me."
I looked at her with her mouth open and felt myself harden just at the suggestion.  I stammered and blushed, but agreed.  I spent so much time teaching her simple ways to remember answers to the likely test questions and in the end she managed to scrape by with a C.  I had to keep texting her to remind her of our agreement but she conceded and one afternoon after school when her parents were away, she invited me over.  I was hard even walking up her driveway.  I had been fantasizing about her for months, but especially since she made the offer.  She plopped down on the living room couch after she answered the door and I fidgeted wondering where we were going to do this.
"Well", she said looking up as I stood nervously.  "You had better get to it."
When I realized she was serious I didn't hesitate long.  I had hoped she might take off some clothes, but there was no way I was going to miss this chance.  It was embarrassing to take out my cock while she sat there fully clothed.  Ashley wore the yoga pants she often dressed in, sexy but not showing any skin other than her bare feet.  She wore a simple white t shirt on top but it was evident she was not wearing a bra under it and her big nipples were faintly outlined.  Amanda smirked a little when she saw me start stroking, then picked up her phone and started texting.  I was a bit pissed at first but somehow her ignoring me felt...hot and feeling less self conscious I started stroking faster.  I imagined what it would be like to kiss her, imagined her lifting her shirt and showing me her big tits.  I started to breathe heavy and she looked up.  "Cum in your hand." she said sternly but with some amusement, "none on the floor."  I came quickly and as instructed made sure to capture it all.  She let me clean up and that was it.  I never got to teach her again. She would give me a little smile in the hall when I passed, but that was it.
So when I kissed innocent Amanda, it was special.  When I fucked her fore the first time, after almost two months, it was awkward, but epic.  I finished way too quickly but Amanda was patient and let me try again not long after.  It turned out Amanda liked to fuck and loved to have me go down on her.  I never lasted long, but I would get hard again quickly and was happy to go down on her to please her.
So, at the end of summer, why did I want to...kind of break up with her?  Well, we were going to be far apart and I thought it was the mature thing to do.  Also...well...Amanda's friend was going to the same school I was and...she was really pretty.  Her friend and I got along and I thought...well...I hoped...
It turned out that Amanda had been thinking similarly.  I mean, not about her friend, but that it wasn't realistic that we would stay boyfriend and girlfriend when I was going away.  We had a pretty hot session that night.  She asked me to try spanking her, which I had never done before.  I tried a little and asked if that was ok but she told me not to worry about it and had me go down on her instead.
We texted a lot the first few days apart but a lot less as time passed.  I made a lame move on her friend, but she politely told me she had a boyfriend and I was firmly in the friend zone.  There were so many beautiful girls at the school, but my class was almost all dudes and I was the opposite of a 'player'.  I studied hard, played a lot of cards with my roommates, and got no action.
When Thanksgiving approached I was really excited to see Amanda again.  I had texted her and made arrangements to see her the night after I got back.  I took her to dinner and we caught up but honestly I was really just thinking about was fucking her.  When we got to my parents' place and we were alone I kissed her and quickly went to get on top but she directed me to go down on her.
I was so grateful to have my face buried in her pussy, feeling very close to her again.  I told her there hadn't been anyone else.  I started licking more but realized she was quiet.  I looked up and asked her if there had been other boys.  She looked a little shy, but then placed her hand on the back of my head and pulled my face into her wet gash.
"There...have been other guys." she said haltingly.  "Many...other guys."
I was surprised but she was writhing a little and I kept eating her out.  "Actually the second week after school started,  I...went to a party and...there were a lot of shots."  I was even more surprised now.  Amanda didn't drink...we had made fun of kids who had to drink to have fun.  "I got pretty drunk and...I guess I was flirting a lot with one guy.  Actually he went to your high school.  Brad Tanner?"
Now I was really surprised.  Tanner was a big dumb jock and a bit of a jerk.  He used to bully me when we started high school.  Not Amanda's type at all.  Why would she be flirting with him?  I kept working my tongue though as Amanda seemed to be enjoying what I was doing.
"Well, he made sure I always had a drink in my hand, but I was negging him...saying he was lucky he played football because it was clear he wasn't going to pass based on his smarts.  I guess he kinda likes bratty girls because he kept coming back for more.  He got a little handsy but I pushed him away.  I could see he was getting frustrated and...I don't know what got into me but I went over, sat in his lap and gave him a long kiss."
Amanda was bucking into my face now, I must have found that elusive spot.
"He...is a really good kisser, very aggressive and...his hand went up my skirt and...he squeezed my ass.  There were other people around and...I got really turned on but I didn't want them all to think I was a slut so...I stopped him.  We had another drink and his hands went up my skirt again.  I liked it but was shy with other people right beside us.  I told him we had to stop and he told me I was a tease and needed a good spanking.  Well you know I like being spanked.  I...stuck out my tongue and..."
I felt Amanda cumming.  It had only happened once before and I was sure to keep going like she told me the other time.  When she finished though she still wouldn't let me stop.   My tongue was sore but I obeyed and kept licking.
"I stuck out my tongue," she continued, "...and dared him.  Before I knew it,"  Amanda was gyrating again, "he...had me over his knee and...he...pulled up my skirt."
I imagined Amanda over Tanner's big legs, her panty covered ass exposed to him and the party goers.  I started to rub my hard cock on the bed while I licked her.
"I was embarrassed but...really turned on."  Her wetness was all over my face. "He spanked me.  Hard.  In front of everyone.  Made me tell him I was a naughty girl. That I...deserved to be spanked.  He...pulled my panties down.  I was really wet and...well I didn't resist.  I...let him and I heard his friends cheering him on.  I knew there were many guys, and girls, who could see what a slut I was being.   He was spanking me hard and I loved it...I was...raising my ass for him."
Amanda pulled my hair so I was looking up at her.  My face was covered in her juices and she smiled down at me. "He pulled my panties down and...put a finger inside me...and I just groaned.  Right there in front of everyone."  She pulled me back into her wet cunt and continued.  "Then another finger.  I was fully exposed now, they could all see everything, they could see....I was soaking wet.  I was stroking his big cock through his pants and I wondered if he was going to fuck me right there."
It was all too much for me.  I started to shoot in my pants.  Amanda gave me a chance to collect myself, then directed me to focus on her again.  "I would have let him fuck me right there, but he took me to a bedroom, stripped me and had me suck his cock.  We were alone in the room but he didn't bother to shut the door.  People in the party could see me sucking off this big guy I had just met.  His cock was big and he enjoyed slapping my face with it and telling me how slutty I looked."
Her breaths started to become shorter and I felt like she was going to cum again.  "He...bent me over and made me tell him I was his...that he 'owned' me.  I didn't hesitate...all I wanted was to be fucked by him.  I was facing the door, looking at his friends when he...pushed in and..."
Amanda stopped as if she was going to cum, but then, not quite getting there, pulled my face further into her.  I couldn't breathe at all, and my tongue like it might fall off but I really wanted to please her.  Finally she came, loudly.  This time she wanted a break and I was grateful to rest my tongue.  I lay beside her, my head resting on her arm.  It was a sweet moment but I had to know so I asked...if Tanner was a good fuck.
"Oh he was amazing." she said emphatically.  "He pounded me over and over again.  And the fact that people were watching made it so intense.  I had never cum while fucking before that night."
Amanda reached into my pants and feeling how sticky my cock was with my drying cum she giggled.  "Looks like I don't have to do any work tonight."
I hardened in her little hand and she asked, "That was really slutty right?  To let him inside me...to have him fuck me hard while his friend were right there watching?"
I felt a little pre cum dribble out and she went for the kill, stroking me.  "They probably thought they would get to fuck me soon and...eventually they were right.  Do you want to hear how most of his friends ended up getting to push their big cocks into me?"
I started to spurt and second time over her hand and on to the bed.  When I was done Amanda smiled and stroked my hair with her cum covered fingers.  "Oh...I guess you'll have to wait."
I watched her close her eyes and drift off, a sweet little angel.