When my wife, Joan, and I were married we'd dated for about 18 months, and while we certainly had great sex, we hadn't really explored pushing any boundaries or looking at nontraditional sexual fun or sensual playfulness. She really did not seem too interested in pursuing anything like that, which I blamed mostly on her not feeling good about her body image, which I can't understand since she is an amazingly lovely and sexy woman. I think she also raised to believes that "nice people don't do things like that." We had a few couple friends who I think would have liked to do some softcore things like play strip poker, or other adult games, but when we'd talk about it, Joan would either change the subject or clearly express no interest in participating. She knew I would have definitely liked to expand our repertoire of sensual fun, but at this point it wasn't for her. I know she felt a little guilty about that and didn't want me to be completely unfulfilled.
So, she slyly engaged me unknowingly in playing a little game that was to become the ultimate voyeur/exhibitionist fantasy for me and likely for her too. She did this so quietly and subtly that it took me some time to realize I was party to a game that she was inconspicuously leading. The words exhibitionist and voyeur have always had images with negative connotations attached; of "Peeping Toms" and "flashers". Both words implied perpetrators imposing their unwanted and uninvited actions on unwilling victims. I was to learn much more positive nuances for us.
On most mornings we would both get up and quickly shower to be ready for the workday. Joan loves to take a long leisurely bath, but our morning routine didn't leave enough time for that. So, every Thursday was her private bath time at around 9:30, just before bedtime. Before she would take her bath, I noticed she would go into our master bath, start the water and pull the window shade down but allow an inch or so opening at the bottom. In the summer, I would have thought this was to allow some fresh air into the room, but she did this late into the fall too even with the window shut. While we had some plantings partially obscuring this window, it did face a church parking lot that did have some traffic in the evenings. My wife was not so oblivious or naïve to believe no one in the parking lot would possibly see that this was a bathroom window and notice the open gap at the bottom. In addition, she would announce to me that she was going to take a bath and tell me, "You really ought to take this time to enjoy yourself too."
At first, I wasn't quite sure what she meant, but her bathing times got longer and longer, and I wasn't sure what all she was doing in there. So, I decided to try to find out for myself by going outside and behind the hedge by the bathroom window. I was very quiet, and because of the hedge I wasn't overly visible to any neighbors or people in the church parking lot. The gap between the shade and window sill gave me a direct view at the bathtub with my wife facing the window. I could see her sudsy bare breasts as she washed them very methodically. It was clear that her kneading of her breasts was giving her a lot of sensual pleasure. She kept her eyes closed as she continued to play with her very excited nipples.
I could see her chest rise and fall as her breathing became more deep and rapid. Soon she sighed audibly as she climaxed in the hot bath water. By this time, I had pulled my cock out of my pants and was stroking myself as I enjoyed this stolen view of my wife's most private and intimate moments. As I got more and more worked up, she stood up and rinsed off with the hand-held sprayer. I tried to keep my breathing shallow so she wouldn't hear me. As she rinsed off, she took lots of time with the spray directed on her most delicate parts, even spreading her lips to ostensibly get the soap suds out. The view of her spreading herself open put me over the top and I literally had to bite my lower lip to keep quiet as I released myself on to the ground. My knees nearly buckled with the unexpected level of pleasure.
I wanted to keep watching as she slowly dried herself off, but I knew she would soon be done and out of the bath and looking for me. So, I quickly got myself back together and went to the kitchen to pour us both a glass of wine. I took them out on the deck to enjoy the lovely, starry night sky and sat in a lounge chair to wait for her to come out. It wasn't long and she appeared barefoot and looking incredibly beautiful in her white eyelet nightgown with a couple of top buttons casually undone. She sat on the end of the chair across from me looking so relaxed and incredibly sexy as she put her feet in my lap.
"Oh, you're out here," she said and looked up at the twinkling sky. "Isn't it a great night to enjoy a lovely view?"
I really didn't know for sure if she was trying to tell me that she knew I had been watching her, or honestly just commenting on the great sky this night. I didn't want to say anything to give myself away, for fear she would be upset with my invading her privacy. So, I just massaged her feet softly and savored the aura of having made love to my wife separately yet so together. We finished our wine, and we went to bed without any more discussion.
The next Thursday I waited until I heard the water stop, and again I went behind the hedge to the bathroom window. This time I wore some loose fitting gym shorts so I could more easily "get 'hold of myself." I again watched her massage her beautiful bare breasts. I knew her petite breasts were very sensitive, but I hadn't realized she could reach orgasm by stimulating her nipples only. This time she didn't perform with the sprayer, but got out of the tub before I could relieve myself. I was about ready to go back inside, when she turned her back to the window and bent forward to dry her legs and wrap a towel around her hair. Her feet were far enough apart that when she fully bent down, I had a wide open view of her pussy. I finished myself off in no time with the incredibly erotic view. Because I knew I was intruding into her privacy, my arousal was heightened to the max. It was as if I were looking at new and different woman, with all the excitement a new lover brings.
Each week she provided a little different show, whether it be rubbing her clit vs. her breasts, or slowly and sensuously applying lotion to her breasts while facing the mirror. As fall turned to winter, it was too cold to go outside in shorts, and I was afraid my tracks in the snow leading around the house would give me away, so decided to put this game on hold until spring. In the coming weeks I noticed also that the bathroom window shade was now pulled completely closed on Thursday nights, and her time in the bath was shorter. I missed this voyeuristic pleasure incredibly, and just the thought of it was enough to get me aroused while Joan did whatever she now did without her secret admirer.
By spring we were moving to our new house where our bedroom and bath were on the second floor. And by summer we were into a whole lot of things that changed in our day-to-day lives. I never did find out for sure if she knew I was watching, but the hints she gave me made it hard for me to believe she didn't. I am still grateful for these memories and hope sharing them will give others some ideas. I think this was the ultimate example of a loving exhibitionist and voyeur at work in the best and most caring sense of the words.