Lana stared at herself in the mirror. When Jay told her he wanted to get her out of her comfort zone at the beach, she figured he'd put her in a two-piece. But this tiny, red, string bikini was much more exposure than she'd expected. The tiny triangles barely covered her most private areas; she was one strong breeze away from flashing anyone standing near her. Jay lay on the king-sized hotel bed a few feet away. "You look incredible, babe."
"I look naked," Lana replied, "this is not what I was expecting."
Jay smirked, "Don't even think about backing out...you promised to let me show you off."
"And I will...it's just taking a minute to get used to."
"Let's get you used to it out on the balcony." Jay stood up and took her hand, leading her to the sliding glass door. They were 5 stories up, so it was possible that someone would see her, but not likely. Jay opened the door and gestured for her to walk through. Lana took a deep breath and stepped out.
She gasped, feeling the warm sun and cool sea breeze on her skin. Jay followed her out and closed the door. "Go up to the railing," he said, "and lean against it." He admired the way her ass swayed back and forth as she followed his commands. "How do you feel?"
A buzz of excitement hummed through her body. "The sun feels nice," she whispered.
"Probably touching parts of you it never has before," Jay murmured, stepping up behind her. "Does it excite you? Anyone could look up here."
"Yes," Lana whispered, "I feel so naughty."
Jay slid his arms around her waist, tracing the edge of the bikini bottom with his fingers. Lana shivered against him. The suit was so small, he was practically stroking her pussy. Jay noticed the man staying next door had stepped out onto his balcony and decided to have a little fun. He continued to stroke around the edge of the suit. "You like that, don't you?" he whispered. Lana nodded.
Jay glanced over at their neighbor, who didn't bother to hide that he was watching. He started to stroke her lips through the suit. "Jay..."she said, "Maybe we should go inside." He tightened his grasp around her waist. "I don't think so," he replied, "open your legs for me." Lana obeyed his command.
He slipped his hand down inside her suit. "Mmm...you're so wet baby." He traced his fingers over her slit. Lana's breathing grew fast and shallow. She tipped her head back against his shoulder, eyes closed, and moaned softly.
Jay looked back at the neighbor. He had one hand on the railing of his balcony, bracing himself, his other hand moving suspiciously below the railing. Jay made eye contact and smiled at the man. He reached for the tie on Lana's bikini bottoms and pulled. They slipped off and he lifted them to his face. The other man's hand began to move faster.
Lana gasped as the suit bottoms slipped off. Jay's fingers slipped between her lips and began circling her clit. Her moans grew louder. "Good girl," Jay whispered. His stiffening cock pressed against her ass. His other hand moved up to caress her tits. Hard nipples poked through the fabric as he teased them. "You're so fucking sexy baby," he whispered.
He reached for the tie at the neck of her bikini and pulled. The top fell forward, exposing her perky 36Cs. The neighbor groaned. Lana was too wrapped up in her own pleasure to notice. Her hips bucked as Jay's finger circled faster. "The man next door is watching you," Jay whispered. He felt her body tense.
"Jay..." Lana began to protest. Jay held her in place and slid two fingers deep into her pussy. Lana cried out as he pressed against her g-spot. "He's stroking his cock for you."
"Oh...my...god," Lana panted. She wanted to be disgusted, but it excited her. A strange man so entranced by her that he couldn't control himself. She lifted her hands to pinch and roll her nipples.
"Mmm," Jay growled, "that's right, love, put on a show." He felt her pussy squeeze his fingers and knew she was getting close.
"Jay," Lana whimpered, "I'm gonna cum!"
Jay glanced over at the neighbor. By the look on his face, Jay could tell he was going to explode at any second. He grabbed Lana's waist and turned her to face him. "Cum, my little slut," he commanded. Surprised by the sudden motion, Lana opened her eyes and found herself eye to eye with the man next door as she came. "Oooh fuck, baby," she moaned as her pussy pulsed around his fingers.
"Oh...god," grunted Mr. Next Door, as he watched, his hot load spurting up onto his t-shirt. The tension released, he quickly turned and went back inside, feeling embarrassed.
Lana turned to face Jay, kissing him deeply. "I can't believe that just happened," she squealed.
"Baby," Jay said, cupping her chin, "that was just the beginning."