Although we had apparently agreed to go back to the room for a quickie, I think we both kind of chickened out once we got back there. It wasn't anything that anyone said out loud, more like something we just decided not to bring up again. Maybe it was the 'scene of the crime' or maybe it was the sunlight streaming through the windows... or maybe it was the thought that we would be meeting the girls in just over an hour.
It didn't matter, because all we did when we got back to the hotel was to dump her shopping in their room -- I didn't even enter the room, she merely whisked the bags off me and strode right into the room -- and walk straight out again.
I didn't say a thing, and Jeanie had very little to say too, which was alright at the beginning, but as we stepped out of the hotel lobby, it began to feel a little weird. Was what I'd initially feared beginning to happen to our friendship?
She didn't appear to be very keen to talk, and was walking at a quick pace back to the cafe we'd arranged to meet, so I had to walk just as briskly just to keep up. After we'd walked for a few minutes without talking, I'd had enough. I yanked on her arm and pulled her into a side street.
"Hey Jeanie, what's going on?" I asked. She kept silent. I tried to make eye contact and she looked away. Damn. I took that as a sign that she was regretting our actions the night before. I suppose that would have been somewhat correct, but it wasn't the complete reason why she wasn't looking into my eyes. Jeanie was actually looking at someone else.
"Well, well, what have we got here?" I heard a voice behind me, turned around, and found myself held by the upper arms. A wiry young local was grinning as he looked at Jeanie and I. He didn't look like the typical mugger, not by way he looked or dressed, but he was flicking a switchblade open and he didn't look like he was about to ask for directions. There was a small group of other similarly youthful and trendy kids behind him.
"Hey, hey," I began. "Don't want any trouble here..."
A girl who was as tall as my shoulder stepped up from behind the boy and slapped me full across the face. I was stunned more than hurt by it. These people were young, like they were just barely out of their teens. What did they intend..?
"Don't insult us by offering us your money, dude," the boy I took to be their leader said, grinning. "We're just here to have some fun with you and your girlfriend here."
I pushed hard against the hands holding me and almost got to grab him by his scrawny little throat before that stupid girl stepped up again and swung a kick at my nuts. Good job I managed to swing my hips so I dodged the full force of the blow, but the action still winded me. Damn it. Never walk into a back alley in a foreign country. What the fuck was I thinking? And to think I'd dragged Jeanie into this mess too. Shit.
Speaking of whom... I turned my head to look at her. She was being held by a girl and a boy... and the latter was holding her with one hand and grabbing at her tits with the other.
"Hey! Hey!" I said, and got slapped again.
"Fuck, stop that, D," said the girl holding on to Jeanie's other arm. "Don't you get enough of it already?"
"Fuck no, this one's fresh meat," he grinned. "She's skinny but she's got some nice tits."
I struggled to get away from the grip of my captors to go to Jeanie's aid, but to no avail. Jeanie looked petrified and didn't seem to be resisting as much. I saw a flash of steel and understood why. The girl was holding a knife against her. Shit.
"You'd better be good, dude, you hear?" the boy said behind me. "Or your girlfriend's going home with one less tit."
As if to emphasise his point, the girl reached up and cut off one of the buttons of Jeanie's dress. Jeanie had worn a dark blue button down dress that went all the way down to her knees, but the boy molesting her had raised her skirt so we could see her panties. They were pink and tight enough so I could see the little cleft of her sex. They also looked a little wet. "Fuck, I hope they don't notice," I thought.
My attention was drawn upwards by another sudden movement and another button dropped to the floor with a slight click. This was getting bad. I could see the top of her pink bra now. Yes, for a slender woman, she certainly wasn't lacking in the boobs department. Her breasts were heaving as she looked on, terrified and unsure of what the gang would do next.
Click. Another button fell to the ground, and she was exposed almost to the waist. Damn. What should I do? What could I use to negotiate our safety?
I turned to look at the leader, wondering if I could appeal to his sense of decency, and heard yet another click. This was followed quickly by a squeal, and I turned to see Jeanie's bra cut in half and hanging off her shoulders. Her breasts were nice -- white and round and quite firm, her nipples clearly hardened, probably by the cold as much as by fear.
"Look, if you don't want money, what do you want?" I turned back to the leader, trying to ignore the sight of the boy's hand releasing her skirt to slide up to her unprotected breast. Jeanie's breathing was audible and harsh.
"Like I said, we want to have fun with you and your girlfriend," he smiled.
My heart sank. The worst kind of assault was one that made little or no sense. If there was nothing they really wanted from us, I would have no bargaining chip to use.That meant we were completely at their mercy.
"Hey, that's a nice dress," said the girl behind me, and I turned to look at them again. Instead of cutting off the rest of Jeanie's buttons, she had unbuttoned the dress the rest of the way down. The knife was still gleaming against Jeanie's goosepimpled flesh, just under the curve of her left breast.
I gaped. Jeanie was standing only in her panties now, and all the guys were getting a little excited by it. I think maybe the girls were too, because I heard the girl who'd slapped me exclaim: "Shit! For an old woman she's got nice ones!"
"Take it off," the girl next to her said to Jeanie, the knife moving down in the direction of her panties. "Let's see you naked."
Oh fuck. Holy fuck. If she complied, there would be no way back. The hormonal levels in the narrow alley were conspicuously rising, and I could literally smell the excitement amongst the gang members.
Jeanie, obviously mindful of the knife, did not think to object and did as she was told, slowly reaching down, hooking her thumbs into the waistband and drawing her panties down her legs. The boys gasped and I heard one of them say "holy fuck!" as she stepped out of them.
Like I'd said, Jeanie is a slender woman, but she did take good care of herself. She had a nice body -- a bit thinner than the type I'm used to, but certainly not too thin for me to not be able to appreciate it -- and her pubic hair was sparse enough so that her pink clefted sex could be seen. It was plastered against her skin and looked a little wet to me. Damn.
Her panties fell to the floor from her nerveless hands, which quickly went up to protect whatever shreds of dignity she had left. I think she had been in too much shock to cover herself up when her breasts were exposed, but now that she was completely naked in front of a group of clothed people, she seemed to have become suddenly aware of her nudity.
"Keep those arms down," the leader ordered her. His eyes appeared to be a little glazed as he stared at her. Jeanie shook her head and clasped her breasts and groin more tightly. The girl next to her pressed the knife up against the bottom of her breast and her arm fell away to press over her privates.
"Well, your girlfriend's a little shy, isn't she?" the leader said to me conversationally, almost as if we had been discussing the weather or some other mundane thing.
"The slut's wetter than a bitch in heat," the girl who'd slapped me opined. "Look at her panties!"
We all looked at the soiled garment, now lying on the floor near her feet. The gusset was a much darker colour than the rest of the material on her undergarment. I looked up at her and saw that Jeanie was blushing furiously, her face redder than I'd ever seen. Damn it. If it weren't for the knives, if Jeanie wasn't at risk, I'd have taken my chances with these young punks and their knives.
"That's good. Means she's ready for us," guffawed the leader. "Who's first?"
"NO!" Jeanie squealed, and was slapped in the face by the girl. Fucking bitch. Girl or not, I was ready to take her out there and then.
"Me!" said D. "Come over here and hold on to her."
"No, wait," said the leader. "You guys are stupid. Don't you know anything about DNA?"
Fuck. Just what we needed. An educated rapist.
"Tell you what dude," he said as he suddenly stepped up to me. "You go first. Let's see how you call it rape afterwards if your spunk is inside her too."
I opened my mouth to make a smart retort, but shut it again. I was wrong about the educated part. The kid was a moron who thought he knew a lot.
"Go ahead! We don't have all day!" he yelled at me, pushing me forward.
I looked right into Jeanie's eyes, unsure of what to do. Was there some way I could distract them while she ran away? Then again, how could she run out stark naked like she was now? Maybe this was a way we could buy some time while I figured out our best options?
I think Jeanie had the same thought as I did. I could still see fear in her eyes as she looked at me and nodded slightly. A little relieved that she wasn't resistant to the idea entirely, I stumbled forward, my eyes fixed on her, and didn't see the hands undoing my jeans. I didn't know I was being undressed until I heard the girl gasp when she pulled down my briefs.
"Fuck, how's she..?" she giggled. "I'm glad I'm not taking that thing!"
Jeanie's eyes had tracked down to my groin and widened when they alighted on my tackle... which didn't do a lot to quell my hardening cock. Oh fuck.
The girl beside me was holding it, as if she was weighing it. "It's heavy too," she cooed. "I can't wait to see how she's going to have to stretch to take it!"
She pulled at my prick and the boy behind me pushed me at the same time soI stumbled into poor Jeanie, who grabbed me around the shoulders. The poor woman was shivering, she was so scared and cold.
My jeans were halfway down my legs, so there was very little I could do to right myself except clutch at Jeanie while my face smacked into the middle of her chest. Mmmm. Her scent was intoxicating, and reminded me of what I'd smelt last night, during and especially after... hmmm, did that mean she was..?
"God, look at the slut. She's really wet!" said the girl holding on to my cock, and I felt her hands pull my cock upwards, towards Jeanie's waiting sex.
She was right too. Jeanie was swimmingly wet, because the moment my cock was pressed up into her vulva, it was as if a ripe fruit had burst and dripped its juices all over it. I felt her wetness slide down the stem as my cockhead nestled at the entrance of her trembling vagina.
They had pulled me upright so Jeanie's mouth was next to my ear and I heard her whisper: "I was wrong. It's no little monster... hhhhhh! It's not little at hhhhh... all!"
She was breathing shallowly as the boy behind pushed me towards her, while the girl draped Jeanie's left leg around my hip to better facilitate my entry into her. Jeanie did not seem to be resisting, or even reacting at all, other than to sigh softly as my erection slowly slid into her welcoming slit.
"God, look at her take that!" said the boy D, a note of jealousy sounding in his voice. "It's gone in so easily too!" Jeanie shuddered as my cockhead was completely engulfed by wet, spasming flesh. It felt like she was... having a small one. Was she..? I turned my head to look at her, and saw that her eyes were closed.
"Just imagine it's last night again, Jeanie," I whispered in her ear. "We're all alone, there's nobody else here..."
The spasms around my cock slowed as her breathing became more regular. Then the leader shoved my hips forward, slamming me up deeper into her. "Get a move on, dude!" he yelled, and I felt her insides spasm once more. Yes, it certainly felt like she was... getting turned on.
"They're looking at us, Jeanie," I whispered into her ear. "They're looked at you, at your naked body. They're looking at your pussy, and my cock sliding into you..."
Her pussy started twitching around my cock like mad and I knew... this was a turn on for Jeanie alright. "Oh godddd! You... fuckkkk Bennnn!" she moaned as a mini-climax gripped her. Her pussy began sucking earnestly at me like I was a delicious lollipop.
"Come on, dude, finish up quick so D here can have his turn," I heard the leader say as he pushed me forward more, shoving the rest of my cock into Jeanie and driving the breath out of her. Her eyes fluttered open and she looked at me in wonder. "It's even bigger than I remember," she said to me and the gang laughed out loud.
"What a slut," said the girl who had been holding the knife at Jeanie's breast. She looked... annoyed. Actually, she seemed to be looking at D a lot. Hmmm. Maybe she liked him. I could use that to our advantage.
I turned to speak to her but the leader shoved me hard in the back. "I said, get a move on, dude!"
"I'm... sorry, Jeanie," I whispered in her ear as I withdrew, my cock dripping with her fluids. "I can't think of what..."
"Shhh," she replied, kissing me at the corner of my mouth. "Just fuck me and... and maybe they'll..."
I was still doubtful about the wisdom of doing that, and was about to withdraw all the way out of her when I felt the cold steel at the base of my cock. Fuck, this lot wasn't kidding around.
"I don't like to repeat myself dude," the leader said behind me. "If you want to get out of here in one piece, I'd screw her like a dog in heat."
"Just do it," Jeanie whispered in my ear. "Don't let them cut it... I want it... to feel it inside... just like last night..."
Sighing, I realised that she was right. I would gain nothing by antagonising them. Not while I didn't have any coherent plan for dealing with these punks. I pushed forward again, groaning as my cock was easily swallowed up by Jeanie's hungry vagina. Then I began slowly sawing my erection into and out of her, making her groan and moan softly with each stroke. I didn't let up, but I didn't increase my tempo either... I just kept it regular, making sure to pull my cock until it was almost out of her, and then press it forward until it was completely buried inside her.
After a while, I realised that the young gangsters had stepped back, seemingly content to just watch me fuck Jeanie slowly. For her part, Jeanie was cooing and grunting, my strokes driving her up against the dirty alley wall. She seemed to be... enjoying it as much as she was scared by the entire scenario. Me, I kept going through the options in my mind: which one I'd attack first when I got my chance, how I'd grab hold of Jeanie and get out of this little alley.
That sounds a lot easier than it actually was. Jeanie was no slouch, and her pussy was really working my cock. After a while, I kind of stopped focusing on the gang and started focusing on the sensations running up and down and around my cock. Jeanie's pussy was a heavenly glove that gripped and released my dick as I stroked it into her, a tight mouth that seemed intent on sucking me up further and further into her. Her own breathing was accelerating, her pulse racing behind the walls of her vagina as I plundered her.
I suddenly came to my senses when I felt the familiar tingling sensation at the base of my cock. I was ready to come. Right into Jeanie's pussy. "Fuck, what I am doing?" I thought to myself. "When I'm done, they're going to rape her! Got to stop this!"
I summoned all my will power to stop my semen from gushing out. Jeanie really wasn't helping me at all -- her pussy was sucking at me like a newborn baby suckling at a mother's teat for its first meal. I had to focus my thoughts on the most disgusting things I could think of to stop myself from coming into her.
I succeeded this morning where I'd failed the night before. As she had a huge orgasm, I felt her vagina massaging my cock up and down, clamp and suck and all but wrench my cock out by the roots. Her left leg was thrumming frantically at my hip, trying to draw me up into her as far as I would go. But I did not lose it this time.
"Fuck, she got the big one," said one of the girls from behind me. "Look at her trembling like that."
"Yeah," said the other girl. "Look at all that water she's giving out. It's like she's peeing on him. Is he done..?"
"No! Look at him!" said D. He sounded frustrated. "He's still hard!"
"Wow. He's a machine!" I thought I heard admiration in the girl's tone and smirked. That's one up I got on you, D.
"Dude," said the leader, stepping up just behind me. If I swung around right there and then, I could have caught him full in the face. If my cock wasn't still occupying Jeanie's cunt, that was. "You had your chance. I told you to finish off in her or we'll cut it off."
"NO!" yelled Jeanie.
One of the girls appeared to share her sentiment. "Maybe she's too loose for him," she said. "Maybe he can't come because she's too big down there."
I wanted to speak up to defend Jeanie's honour, but thought the better of it.
"Yeah well, that's possible," I heard the smirk in the leader's voice. "She's hot, but she's not young anymore. Probably done it too many times."
I wanted to throttle him for that, but I couldn't do anything to anyone unless I took it out of Jeanie's still spasming vagina, and that would take me too long. I needed the element of surprise on my side.
"I know what," the other girl piped up. I could tell them apart by their voices by now. This was the girl who was looking a little jealously at D feeling Jeanie up. "Let's give him something tight to really sink his cock into."
Fuck. What was the little devil planning for poor Jeanie?
"What?" the leader stepped back to look at her. "Do you mean you want to do him..?"
"No! Of course not!" she said indignantly. "Make him put it in her ass. That should be tight enough."
I heard D guffaw with laughter. "Yeah, that's right," he said. "Make him fuck her ass. I can do her pussy while he does that!"
"Oh god, no," said Jeanie. "I've never.. " She was still breathing hard from her last orgasm. "Not in my ass!"
The girl laughed. It was a harsh, cruel sound. "Do we look like we care, bitch?"
"Do it, dude" said the leader, from behind me. "I'd like to see your girlfriend take it in both her holes. A real 3P!"
"No, please," she pleaded. "I... I can't..."
"Shut the fuck up," growled the girl who had quickly stepped up to stand beside me. She was close enough for me to grab by the throat, and I would have too, had it not been for the knife I saw her holding against Jeanie's heaving breast. "Nobody cares what you want, bitch."
"Let's get this bad boy out then," said the other girl, who seemed to like handling my cock. I felt her fingers at the base of my erection, pulling it out of Jeanie's vagina quickly, drawing out a flood of fluids from within. "Good thing this thing is nice and lubed... it's going to be a little easier for her going in her ass."
"Hey look," I began, trying to think of what to say or do to stop this bad situation from escalating further. "I think..."
The cold knife was suddenly at my balls again. "Nobody cares what you think, fucker!" the girl said as she tried to manipulate my cock into position at Jeanie's asshole.
That was a lot easier said than done though -- the way we were standing, it was almost impossible. Like I'd said, some may be impressed by the girth of my cock, but in terms of penile length, I'm just an average guy. The angle was just wrong.
"Fuck, just turn her around," whined D after she failed to get my slippery cock near enough to threaten Jeanie's anus. "That way I can stick mine into her pussy while he's being gay with her ass."
"Turn around bitch!" ordered the girl beside me. "Bend over and get hold your ass open or I'll cut your butt good."
What could we do? They pretty much had us both at their mercy. Jeanie's eyes were wide with fear as she did as she was told, turning around and bending over. Her white hands reached out and grasped the meat of her buttocks, pulling them apart and exposing her still wet vulva, and, just above it, the tiny pink rosebud of her asshole.
Fuck, that was arousing in spite of the danger we were both in. My cock grew even harder at the sight.
The girl pulled hard at my cock, drawing me towards Jeanie's twitching, exposed rear orifice. Oh damn. This wasn't good at all. Once I got in there, D would get his way with her pussy, and neither I nor Jeanie could do anything about it. Fuck, what should I do?
Good thing that Jeanie's fear made it impossible for me to stick it into her ass. She was just too tense, and her anus stayed primly shut despite the best efforts of the girl and the leader, who was pushing me from behind.
I decided I'd had enough and suddenly thrust my hips backwards, shoving the leader onto his butt on the dirty alley floor. The rest of the gang burst out in laughter.
"Dude, you just cost yourself one ball," he snarled as he scrambled back to his feet.
"I... look, this isn't working," I said, thinking quickly. "She's just too scared."
"Fuck, let's just do her," said D impatiently. "Forget about him screwing her."
"No, you stupid fuck," said the girl who liked him. "He hasn't put his spunk in her yet. So that means..."
"That means if we do anything to her, we'll be charged with rape, idiot!" finished the leader from behind me. He sounded like he had regained his composure. I heard him slapping his hands on his thighs, dusting them off. "If this fucker leaves his spunk in her, however, it would make everything a little more complicated for the police. Get it?"
"But... he's taken too long," whined D again. "I've had my fill of waiting. It's my turn now."
"Listen, she's too nervous," I chipped in. "Her muscles are clamping down so there's no way I can get in."
"OK dude, so what's your plan?" said the leader. "If you don't get off in her, we're taking off your prick, remember, so this had better be good."
"How about if she turns around to face me?" I said, the idea suddenly striking me. If Jeanie was facing me, there was no way D could get any access to her pussy. "She might relax more if she was looking at me instead of at the wall."
"Really? And how do you propose to fuck her in the ass like that?" said the girl who liked D. "We already tried that just now."
"Like this," I said, pulling Jeanie's left leg up from its position on my hip to rest it on my shoulder. Then I quickly pulled her other leg up to rest on my other shoulder as well, leaving Jeanie leaning against the alley wall. My hands clasped around her waist, supporting her.
"BEN!" Jeanie squealed. "What are you DOING?" Her arms reached out to clasp around my neck as she (and I) felt my cock sliding along the groove of her buttocks.
"I'm sorry Jeanie," I said as I looked into her panicked eyes. "I think this would work better for us... for now. Trust me."
"Hey, that might work," said the other girl, and she squatted to hold my cock in position. I felt my head butt against a a tough, resisting wall.
"Ben! I... I've never done..." Jeanie's eyes were fearful and... I thought I saw a bit of lust in them too. "Not in my asshole!"
"Trust me, Jeanie," I said to her again as the girl yanked impatiently at my prick, which bounced and made no headway against Jeanie's tight anus. "This way... at least no one can do anything to you in your pussy..."
"Oh...ok. But I... I'm not sure about this," Jeanie stammered. Her eyes showed her bewilderment and definitely, her lust as well. She was getting turned on by the idea, I was sure of it.
"Come on, come on," I heard D groan behind me. "Get going you fucker!"
"You idiot, wait your turn," I heard the leader say to him. "OK, dude, you got your way. Now go for it. We don't have all day."
"Jeanie my dear," I whispered, gazing deep into her lust-filled eyes. "May I... fuck your ass?"
Her eyes widened at the question, then closed as she breathed out slowly. "Yessss..." she sighed and I felt the tight bud in front of my cock slowly relax.
I didn't push it, I just let her get herself ready. The girl was right, it was a good thing my cock was lubed up with Jeanie's fluids, because it made me slippery enough to enter her rear orifice with relative ease. I felt the muscular ring open up slowly to swallow the tip of my cock.
"God, it's going in," I heard the girl yell from under me. "The bitch is taking it in her ass!"
"Oooooohhhhh..." Jeanie sighed as I felt my cock slip slowly into her. It felt like a door opening slowly for my cockhead, and I slowly pressed forward, giving her ample time to get used to the sensation of her asshole being penetrated.
The girl beneath was trying hard to urge me forward, but she was a little too excited by it all. I ignored the attentions of her hands and focused instead on sweet Jeanie, whose mouth was open slightly. She was breathing loudly and her eyes remained closed, but she didn't look as if she was in pain. I really didn't want to hurt her after all.
"Fuck, the head is in," I heard the girl announce. "She's really taking it!"
I didn't need her to tell me what had happened -- I could feel Jeanie's soft springy flesh surrounding my cockhead and knew that it was her rectum that was gingerly embracing my erection. Just behind the head, I felt the tight ring twitching as it clasped my stem, as if Jeanie was accepting, yet unsure of this forbidden act.
"B...Ben... your monster, it's in... my ass!" Jeanie moaned as her eyelids fluttered. I think she was getting into it, but hadn't quite decided how she should feel about it. Several times, as I pressed forward, I felt her asshole clamp tightly onto the stem of my cock, then slowly relax. Her rectal passage was velvety soft and parted easily before the tip of my probing prick.
"Ohhhh... goddd! That... it feels... weird... Good weird..." Jeanie moaned as I slid deeper up into her opened backside. I was careful not to drive forward too forcefully, even though it seemed to me the spongy flesh around my cock was urging me on. The girl who had been holding my cock had let go, and was now just looking on from below, cooing at the sight of Jeanie's asshole swallowing up my cock.
"Ooooh, look at that," I heard her exclaim to her mates. "He's going in so easily!"
I ignored her and focused my attention on Jeanie's face. Any sign she gave of being in pain and I would stop. At least, that's what I told myself. The truth was, the feeling of her spongy rectal passage opening up before me was driving me to distraction -- I was sorely tempted to drive forward in one solid thrust until I was balls deep in Jeanie. Her anus was still clasping and relaxing, clasping and relaxing on my cock stem, and it felt like she was drawing me inwards, wanting me to probe deeper into her backside.
"God, Ben," she gasped. "You're really getting a good deal here, aren't you? First my pussy, now my ass!"
"Huh," I grunted as my cock slid completely up into her. I was balls deep in Jeanie's ass, and it felt as though my erection would burst. I wasn't really responding to her, I was more focused on what we had to do to get out of this situation unscathed. But damn. She was right. The situation wasn't ideal, but I was doing too badly right now... having sunk my cock all the way into Jeanie's butt.
"Come on, man, fuck her in the ass!" D whined again behind me, and I felt someone push me. I don't think it was the leader, the hand was too slight, so I thought it was probably the girl who had now moved behind me and was now squatting just under my ass. I ought to blow a fart on her head, I thought, and almost burst out laughing.
"He's right dude, time to go to work," warned the leader and I shrugged. Jeanie's eyes were closed and she was breathing shallowly. I wondered if the entire situation had driven her to a state of unconsciousness. Then she opened her eyes and looked straight at me.
"I think you should do what they tell you, dear," she whispered to me. "I think I can ta...ooooh!"
I drew my cock out from her ass slowly, then pushed forward again at the same even pace. I couldn't afford to come too quickly into her, because it would mean the guys would be taking their turns next, and I'd still not come up with a viable plan of action.
"Fuck, you should see her asshole, man," I heard the girl say from behind me. "It's like a huge crater in her butt when he puts it in, and sticks all the way out when he's pulling out... it's like... she doesn't wanna let go of his cock..."
Jeanie was ooh-ing and ah-ing in the meantime, in reaction to my slow fucking of her ass. I think she was getting the hang of it and beginning to enjoy it after her initial misgivings.
"Oooohhh... Ben... it feels like I'm... shitting again... and again... ooooh!" she moaned and the youngsters laughed.
"Get your ass moving, dude," said the leader, the menace returning to his voice. "I don't think I can hold my friend here back for much longer."
"Damn right," muttered D. "I'm ready to go right now!"
"Mmmmm..." Jeanie was moaning in my ear. "I didn't know... ass fucking was... this good..."
I ignored their commands to speed up, but Jeanie had other ideas. She slipped her hands down my shoulders to my waist and began slamming her buttocks down on my cock, increasing the tempo and intensity of the fucking.
"Jeanie... no," I whispered as she ground her hips on mine. "I... if I come in you, they'll..."
She ignored me, or perhaps, she hadn't heard me. Her eyes were shut tight and she appeared to be concentrating on the sensations in her impaled ass. I felt her anal ring grip me tightly as a series of spasms shook her insides, and her rectum seemed to be milking me like her vagina had earlier. Damn. I tried to do the same thing I'd done earlier -- focus on something else so that I wouldn't come into her, but it was a lot harder this time. Jeanie's vagina was not slack by any means, but her ass was something else altogether.
It was a seesaw battle I was having, trying to prevent myself from coming into her even as her body invited me to do so. I think I was doing a pretty OK job of it too, until I was distracted by something. That something began with a yell from behind me.
"Shit! The cops! Run!" the girl who liked touching my cock yelled.
"Good, the police are here," I panted the good news to Jeanie. I didn't stop fucking her in the ass at the news. Or rather, I wasn't allowed to. Jeanie was still shimmying her body, pressing my dick up as high as it would go into her quivering butt.
It took her a few seconds to register what I'd said. Then her eyes opened wide and she looked at me in horror."Police? Oh god, they'll see... me naked... and you fucking... in my assssss...Uhhhhhhh!!"
If the orgasm she had had the previous night had been impressive, the one she had when she realised that the policemen would see her being sodomised was absolutely devastating. I felt her anal ring clamp down so hard I couldn't move in or out of her, and her rectal walls suddenly convulse around my cock.
It caught me by surprise so that I came too. Actually, I didn't just come... I literally exploded in her ass. I felt my cock swell and my come suddenly burst out, spurting like a fire hose, coating her rectum with everything my balls had. And I do mean everything. It was literally the longest I'd ever come into anyone, and even when I was sure I had nothing left to give, my cock managed to spurt a couple more times into her squeezing, squirming hole.
When I was was finally done, I was pretty much exhausted. Jeanie appeared to be equally worn out -- her eyes remained closed even while she gasped and moaned and shuddered out the last remains of her orgasm.
I suppose we should have tried to cover ourselves up or something, but the truth was we didn't have the energy to do much anyway. Not after a gargantuan come like that. By the time the policemen separated us (my cock slipped out of her anus with an obscene 'pop' when I was pulled away from her), we were so weak we just about fell to the floor.
What followed was a quick trip to the police station, followed by about an hour's worth of interrogation by the police. I honestly can't give you all the details because my climax had been so immense I think I barely managed to make sense in my statements.
Still, we managed to make our case to the police. They had responded to a complaint of public nudity and a couple having sex in public, and had initially considered pressing charges against us for precisely that, along with an additional charge of "sex against the order of nature". Apparently, anal sex between consenting adults was taboo here. Fortunately, Jeanie and I had managed to convince them that we had been coerced into the act.
Good job that they had managed to get hold of a couple of the kids whom we'd run into too -- the knives on the girl and the leader, Jeanie's cut bra and dress sans four buttons served to prove our account to be the truth.
Anyway, we had regained much of our energy when we left the police station after the interrogation. One of the policewomen had kindly given Jeanie a pair of tights to wear under her ruined dress. I gave her my shirt so her breasts wouldn't be exposed (her bra had gone into the evidence locker), so I walked out of the station shirtless. She wasn't wearing her panties -- I carried the soiled garment in the pocket of my jeans -- and was walking funny. I would've laughed if I hadn't known it was me that had done that to her -- I thought it was because her ass was sore after that session in the alley.
We didn't say anything to each other until we got back to the suite... when the door shut behind us, she suddenly turned around and kissed me with those pouty lips of hers.
I felt a slight stirring down there and wondered at just how she managed to bring life back to my cock after such a devastating fuck. But she managed it alright -- the very scent of her, or perhaps I should say, the scent of our recent congress, the soft, velvety touch of her lips on mine contrived to make me want more.
"Fuck, Ben, that was the most awesome fuck I've ever had," she whispered.
I nodded. "Me too." What else could I say? It was the absolute truth.
She suddenly hit me on the shoulder. "Damn, Ben, you've fucked me in both holes within 24 hours! You lucky fuck! You must be pleased as hell!"
I grinned at her. "Well, it wasn't as if I didn't have any encouragement."
"Are you calling me a slut?" she shot back, smiling, then looked serious. "Seriously Ben, do you think I'm a slut? I mean, what we did..."
"Hey, stop with the guilt trip already, Jeanie," I looked right in her eyes as I said this. "A slut wants to fuck as many guys as she possibly can. Far as I can tell, you were only interested in fucking me."
"Yeah, that's true," she said thoughtfully. "Still, it was like... having other people look at me naked... having sex... was a huge turn on!"
"Yeah, it was, alright," I agreed with her. My cock did too, stirring within my briefs. Damn, she's going to kill me if she keeps this up.
"Do you think any worse of me now, Ben?" she asked suddenly. "Now that you know I... I'm that sort of girl..."
"Don't be silly," I looked into her eyes as I spoke. I meant it too. "We're just... different, that's all."
"We? You mean it was great for you too?"
"Yeah... didn't you realise I didn't come until the cops turned up?"
"Yeah, but I thought it was because you were worried..."
"Yes I was worried, but I was in control until I realised that we were caught. That the police had turned up and were probably looking at me screwing you in the ass..."
"Oooohhhh... I'll bet you liked that, you prick. You know I had to concentrate on walking all the way back here? All your stuff in my ass, sloshing about, making me so slippery back there... I was afraid I would slip and fall!"
As she said that I heard her blow a wet, liquid fart.
"See? That's your stuff coming out," she continued as the tights on her visibly sagged at the crotch. "It hasn't stopped coming out since you blasted all your stuff into my backside in the alley!"
"How come you didn't go to the toilet at the station?" I laughed as she stepped out of the ruined tights. I could see a huge clot of yellowish-white fluid staining the crotch of the garment. Some small fingers of wetness had run down the insides of the legs too. She certainly must have been more than a little uncomfortable walking back like that. I grinned as I looked at the tights and she pushed me in the chest.
"I did! There was just too much," she complained. "I sat on the toilet and let out as much as I could, but your big monster over there was just too liberal with his stuff."
"Oh, so it's big monster now, eh?" I grinned. "God, Jeanie, I didn't think I'd be able to erect for at least a week, but you're managing to get it up again so quickly. You're going to kill me if you keep doing this!"
"Really? Good! That'll be your just desserts for making my asshole so slippery and wet!"
"Hey, do you think we have time for..?" My prick was really raring to go. Jeanie certainly knew how to get me going.
"No, look, we're already late. Better change up and meet with the girls at the cafe."
"Erm... how do we explain our change of clothes?"
"They won't notice. They'll be too happy with their shopping. But if they do, just tell them we came back for a quick change because I slipped and fell or something."
"Speaking of changing... Let's go into the bathroom and wash up. Together."
"Forget it. No time." She was firm even though I pouted in mock disappointment. "Don't you worry. I'll make sure you and your monster get another workout. Soon."
She turned and slipped the dress off her shoulders as she walked to the bathroom, giving me a good look at her ass... and the streams of liquid sliding out from between the globes of her buttocks. Halfway to the door, she stopped, looked over her shoulder and smiled.
"What are you waiting for?" she smouldered. "Better get changed up!"
"Arrrrrr!" I roared as I ran after her. She squealed and ran for the bathroom door, slamming it shut behind her. I could hear her laughing as she cleaned up.