All the usual caveats apply about ages, number of orifices which can simultaneously be occupied, etc.[was it in Jones' Ulysses that the heroine fantasized about being fucked by grasshoppers in her corneas during her gangbang?]I should also tell you that it's probably time to close out this series; but who knows for sure. Oh, although I write it all the time it really means a lot in this story; I've made no attempt whatsoever to include background on the characters so if you haven't read the previous chapters this one will be very confusing.
After clearing customs in Jakarta Peter and Ruth caught a cab to the dock whereFantasiawas tied up. Two stewards were dispatched from the ship to carry their things aboard as Liz greeted them at the top of the gangway. "Ruth, I finally get to meet the two of you! I can't begin to tell you how jealous of you I am for your two adorable kids. We've loved Jason for almost a year now and we can see that Monica's cast from the same mold.
Well then, Andrew will show you to your stateroom and we'll see you for cocktails at six thirty?"
Bruce looked out the large porthole. "Your parents must be on board. We just cleared the inner channel marker. Do you want to shower and go up to greet them?"
Monica looked up from the bed. "Truthfully I'd much prefer your tongue was back between my legs. If we make it to the Grand Salon by six-thirty and allowing time for a shower and to dress I figure I still have an hour and fifty minutes to play with my Bruce Doll."
Bruce chuckled as he kneeled between her legs, grabbed her hands and pulled her into a sitting position. "Suck me first,student! This afternoon is strictly aboutmypleasure. "
Monica said "Yes sir." Just before Bruce's cock prevented any further conversation.
Drinks in hand at the cocktail party, Rick was speaking to Ruth and Peter, "In case she hasn't told you, your daughter's becoming quite the chef! She seems to have a pallet and an instinctive sense of how certain flavors can complement each other which goes way beyond anything I'm capable of. Last week Monica even requested we stay an extra day in Papua New Guinea to research local spices and dishes and within four hours was making suggestions to local chefs for spice substitutions. She's become quite the celebrity chef from Indonesia to New Zealand."
Peter said, "I'mamazed that she's followed up on anything to that extent. Is she in the kitchen now?"
Rick looked around as he said, "I don't think so, she was supposed to be here actually." He gestured Andrew to come over.
"Andrew, would you happen to know where Monica is?"
Andrew lowered his eyes as he replied, "Yes sir, I believe she's on 'A' Deck."
Rick chuckled. "Stupid me! I should have guessed." He turned back to the Carsons. "It seems that Monica's developed a sweet tooth when it comes to Bruce Holt.
Bruce must be our version of catnip since almost all the young ladies seem to develop a crush on him at some point or other. Even Liz has a hard time keeping her hands off him and we've known him for eleven years."
Ruth asked, "Eleven years! How old is this catnip person?"
"Oh let's see, he's three years older than I am so that'd make him fifty-five."
Ruth turned to her husband, "Peter I know I said I'd keep my cool about everything and I will but it'ssodifficult to not fly off the handle when I hear that my 18-year-old daughter is somewhere rutting with a man older thanweare."
"Ruth Ireallythink you should tone down the use of the word 'rutting'. We've talked about that."
Rick interrupted, "Why? I think it's aperfectword for what the girls start out feeling about our Bruce. His bedroom skills are legendary to the point that it used to make me jealous. After the girls get to know him the whole matter gets even worse because they discover that he's actually agreatguy in addition to being the most talented lover in most rooms."
Ruth asked, "So how'd you get over your jealousy?"
Rick snorted. "The big sonofabitch became my best friend." His eyes noticed something across the salon. "Speak of the devils, there they are." Monica ran over and threw her arms around her Dad's shoulders. She then hugged her Mom as she said. "God I've missed you guys. Trust me; this is going to be the best vacay you guys have ever had." She let her mother breathe and threw her arms around her father. "Did Rick tell you we're throwing a special pool party this evening after a fabulous dinner whichI'llbe preparing?"
Rick shook his head as he said, "I was about to when your delayed appearance interrupted me. Now shouldn't you be getting that cute little ass of yours back into the kitchen so my guests won't have to wait 'til midnight for their supper?"
Monica giggled as she gave Rick a big wet kiss before saying, "Yes boss."
Lisa had held back watching Ruth from across the room as Monica delivered the kiss to Rick. She said to Jason, "A lot of tongue in that kiss and your mom seems pretty much under control."
"I think Mom can see that Monica was thetotalaggressor. Hell, Rick even pulled his hand back and didn't grab her ass although he's obviously grabbed it before."
Lisa was still speaking with Jason when a pair of hands approached her from behind and grasped her breasts as a pair of lips grazed the right side of her neck. The tiniest of moans escaped her lips as she said, "At another time I can think of a better place for those lips my dear Mr. Holt."
"Another time,another time?" Bruce came out from behind Lisa to embrace Jason. "What have you done to Lisa, Jase? I seem to remember that when it came to sex there was never as good a time as the present. Now she's becoming politically correct?"
Jason returned the hug as he said, "She's working on my mother. Lisa doesn't want her to see the same man diddlingbothher daughter and her daughter-in-law."
"Daughter-in-law?How could I be so far out of the loop that I didn't hear of such an important engagement? Or did the two of you run off like a pair of cowards and deny your friendsthewedding of this or any other season?"
Jason smiled. "I proposed and she accepted but wants to control the timing of the announcement. She's taken on the responsibility of fixingbothour slightly dysfunctional families and wants to complete that task before adding something else for my mother to rail about."
Bruce still had his arm around Jason's shoulder as he gazed at Lisa. "I remember herCumming Out Partyas if it was only yesterday. It was obvious even then that she was all about leaving people better than when she found them. Arrogant perhaps but she's damned good at it."
"If the two of you are quite finished analyzing me I think it's time to introduce Bruce to your folks." Lisa clutched the elbows of each of the two men and led them across the room. Jason made the introductions just as Andrew announced dinner.
Dinner was served to two tables, one headed by Rick, the other by Liz Denton. Lisa was on Liz's left next to Jason, while Ruth and Bruce were on her right. Monica was going to take a seat but when she saw Ruth beside Bruce she changed her mind and went back to the kitchen. Ruth noticed and said to Liz; "I thought Monica was joining us for dinner."
"I thought so too. Jason did she say anything to you?"
Jason and Lisa exchanged looks. Lisa said, "She had every intention to but I think she chickened out when she saw you were sitting beside Bruce."
Ruth thought for a second before answering, "Oh." She turned to Bruce. "My daughter and I have a lot of history when it comes loosing acerbic barbs at each other and I suppose she was afraid I'd take aim at you this evening."
Bruce locked eyes with Ruth and tenderly replied, "That's too bad because you wouldn't have taken the chance of hurting her by doing that. It's a shame she doesn't realize that."
He took Ruth's hand and kissed her fingers. "Don't worry, shewillcome around. Trust me."
"Are you trying to seduce me Mr. Holt?"
"I don't often seduce, more often a woman and I discover we both want the same thing at the same time. That notwithstanding... No Ruth, if I were to hook up with you I'd wind up alienating your daughter and I don't hurt women if I can help it." He ate something wrapped in a grape leaf. "Especially since I'm rather fond of her and she'll probably be sharing my bed tonight."
Liz decided to change the subject. She turned to Jason, "Oh Darling, remind me after dinner that I need to have Andrew update the itinerary. A pair of special guests had an unbreakable dinner appointment this evening so instead of sailing straight into the Canal we've got to divert to Nassau so we can pick them up in the morning."
Ruth asked, "And after that?"
"Oh, I thought everyone had been sent an itinerary but since Monica took care of forwarding everything to you I suppose she forgot to include that. Anyway, let's see; Nassau, then Kingston, Panama City, and on to Manta.
I'm not sure if Rick's worked out the details yet but I think Fantasia will spend most of her time ferrying between Manta and the Galapagos and the Bertrams will be available if anyone wants to do either some deep sea fishing or any other side trips. Idoknow Rick wants to land a Marlin on a fly so that will suck up a lot of his time."
At this point Lisa's attention was diverted by a sultry brunette, a near double of Catherine Zeta Jones, who had made a b-line for their table. Lisa stood and wrapped her arms around the girl. "April!You look even lovelier than you did last year."
April kissed Lisa quite thoroughly, her tongue dancing in her mouth and her hands inside the back of her dress squeezing Lisa's ass. When she came up for air April said, "And your tongue, tits and ass are every bit as inviting as they were last year but as much as I might want to drag you away and attack you, my main reason for coming over was to ask this delicious man to dance." She walked over to Peter and wrapped his right arm around her waist.
Peter's smile was as broad as Ruth's scowl was deeply carved in her face. Peter said to April. "But there's no music to dance to and they're just serving dinner."
April nibbled at his ear. "Really? Well I've got an XM radio in my stateroom and I'm sure I can come up with something for you to nibble on."
Lisa interceded, "April as much as any man might find your invitation nearly impossible to turn down, I'm pretty sure he and his wife Ruth are going stay monogamous... for at least a while."
Peter smiled at April. "But I sincerely thank you for offering." April curtsied to the table and went back to hers.
Ruth took a sip of her wine. "Lisawhatdid you get us into? Peter won't be able to fit his swelled head in a hat for weeks."
Jason answered, "Mom if you remember it was Monica who invited you so stop trying to blame Lisa for everything."
Ruth wore a smirk as she said, "Well maybe nottooswelled... That girl just disappeared under that table and is fellating that man in the sailor's suit."
Liz smiled and put her hand atop Ruth's. "That's the ship's Captain, Captain Raymer and I'm sure he's enjoyed April's lips before. In fact if I'm not mistaken he's enjoyed the company of every woman in this room except yourself and young Barbara over there and no one is allowed to touch her until tomorrow."
"Why not until tomorrow?"
Liz said, "Because Barbara doesn't turn 18 until tomorrow and that's kind of a house rule. I know it has nothing to do with legality because we're in international waters but it's a rule which Rick and I established several years ago and we're comfortable with it." She chuckled as if at a private joke and continued, "Of course at 12:01 AM Rick and I have already reserved the first two entries on her dance card."
Ruth was looking down at the endive her fork was pushing around on her plate as she said, "Sort of a repeat of last year with Lisa?"
"No... at least I don't think so. Remember Lisa was a virgin and although the subject's never come up I suspect Miss Kelly doesn't qualify."
Peter leaned over and whispered in his wife's ear. Ruth's head turned and after staring at him for a full five seconds she took his cheeks with both hands and kissed him passionately.
Jason wore an amazed look as he said, "Wow Mom; I don't know what brought that on but I can't remember ever seeing you kiss Dad likethatbefore!"
Ruth's eyes were still locked on Peter's as she replied, "That's a shame Jason. We used to kiss like that every chance we got. I often think your father knows me better than I do. He just told me that he'd expect no reciprocity if I decided to join the melee in our host's cabin. He knows Barbara turned me on but what he didn't take into account is that I won't have time for such since I'll be attacking him inourcabin."
Liz leaned forward and said to Ruth, "That soundssoromantic and far be it for me to change your mind but if it pleases you you'rebothinvited to my stateroom tonight. We could make it a fivesome!"
Ruth was still rubbing Peter's hand. "Thanks Liz and who knows, maybe we'll take you up on your offer some other time but I want my husband's undivided attention tonight."
Everyone agreed that Monica had outdone herself with the dinner. Pleasantly full most repaired to poolside for cocktails. Liz. Rick, Ruth and Peter lingered over their after dinner brandy before joining the crowd. Lisa had gone back to the kitchen and returned with the chef. Monica kissed her way around the table before squeezing a chair in between her parents. Peter held her hand with both of hers as he said, "Mons, I can't begin to tell you how proud I was this evening listening to everyone complement the meal knowing you were responsible for it."
Monica leaned in and kissed her dad's cheek as Liz jumped in and said, "Mons?My Sous chef is named after a decidedly feminine body part? How incredibly appropriate!"
Monica laughed. "Hey Moms, what'd you do with my brother? I wanted to say hi."
"I thought he was with you. He left the table at about the same time as Lisa when she went to find you."
Monica turned to Lisa, "Any guesses?"
Lisa laughed. "While I don't know for sure, IthinkI can guess with some degree of certitude.
Let's see; Jason was trying to drag me into a corner, I refused in favor of heading off to bring you to your folks so he's still horny and unsatisfied. Add those elements to the fact that he seemed to take a liking to April earlier and I'd guess he's in a lounge chair poolside getting his rocks off. Shall we all head out that way to see if I'm right?"
Peter stood and reached for Ruth's hand. "Thanks for the offer sweetheart but my son's not the only one who's horny. I think I'll try to get lucky in my own cabin. Goodnight all."
Liz was staring into her brandy as she said. "Goodnight you two, have fun."
After they had left and Monica headed out for the pool Liz said to Lisa, "I'm having a hard time keeping my mouth shut. Have you told anyone else?"
Lisa reached out and took her hand, "Well, you, Rick and Andrew were the only ones who knew until I needed to make arrangements for someone to perform the ceremony. Since Dad and Sally are coming here on the same launch as him I figured it'd be silly to try to keep them in the dark and just a few minutes ago I told Bruce."
Liz chuckled. "This might be a first. A bunch of people show up for a party only to discover it's a wedding... your Dad didn't know until today?"
Lisa rested her chin on her hands as she answered, "Not my Dad, not Sally, no one else. Ididwant to get your opinion about one thing though. Ireallywant you to be my Matron of Honor and Jase agrees. Am I being politically incorrect not asking Monica?"
"I really want to say something snappy like 'when have you ever cared about political correctness?' but I also know Monica's one of your favorite projects so I'll answer this way; She'sreallydoing good.
I haven't seen that huge chip on her shoulder at all lately and I really haven't done all that much except set her boundaries in the beginning. She doesn't even need them anymore. If anyone deserves credit it'd be Bruce. Monica's sexual confidence has blossomed and it's dragged her overall self-confidence along with it. She's really a dynamite young lady."
Liz chuckled, "Rick wants to horn in on some of the credit by raving about what a great fuck she's turned into but he knows most of the credit goes to Bruce.
So if you want her to be Maid of Honor that's okay with me but if you're doing it to raise her self confidence... she doesn't need it. Why not make her a bridesmaid?"
"I thought about but since Jason wants to ask my Dad to be a groomsman wouldn't Monica be expected to fuck him?"
Liz almost choked on her brandy. "Oh my god!I've been hanging around you too much 'cause I know what you're thinking! You're worrying about what Sally might think! You should have been a shrink.
Onthatnote I'm going for a swim. Maybe Jason has enough left for me to horn in on April's action."
"Why not jump Rick?"
"I'm saving him for desert. At about 12:15 he'll have Barbara sitting on his cock while I'm sitting on his face."
When they got to the pool they were greeted by the sight of Monica on a chaise with Bruce's cock in her pussy and Daniel Rice's down her throat. Jason was at the bar doing shots of Van Gough Espresso Vodka with Patrick, the ship's bartender. He looked up and slurred, "The lords of our domain approach! Mr. Kelly is it alright to serve them even though they're both clothed?"
Liz said, "Well I won't be for long since I'm dying for a swim, but we'll join you for a few."
Lisa kissed him and took the adjacent bar stool while watching Monica's enthusiastic lovemaking. Jason followed her gaze and said, "My baby sister's growing up!"
Just then Bruce flipped Monica over and reentered her doggy style. Daniel quickly followed suit in her mouth. Monica took a second to wave at Lisa and her brother. Lisa answered, "When we get a chance, I want to tell her about tomorrow. Am I being weird worrying about the fallout if she winds up fucking my Dad?"
Jason started to undress her. "Yes, but you wouldn't be Lisa if you didn't worry about such things." He put her dress over the back of a bar stool and slipped her panties to the deck. "They're all grownups and are usually quite capable of managing their own lives." He leaned in to kiss each of his betrothed's eyes. "Patrick, a double GM in a soup bowl please."
Lisa rose off her stool and wrapped her arms around Jason as he ran his gentle hands up and down her naked back. Both Liz and Rick approached pushing chairs on rollers as Patrick placed a bowl, a bottle of Grand Marnier and a Take-a-Check machine on the bar.
As Lisa assumed the position; head on hands, breasts hanging down, rear end facing the room, she couldn't help marveling that it hadn't even been one year since the last time she stood in this position with the Dentons licking GM off her breasts and the first of what she hoped would be many cocks seeking entry to her already soaked pussy.
She could hear the machine clicking as it dispensed tickets to gain entry to her. She smiled to herself knowing without looking that Bruce had one such ticket and Rick another. What made it ever so much sweeter this time was that the cock sliding into her now, the first cock, belonged to her beloved Jason. Lisa didn't even need to open her eyes as she raised her head, poured some GM on the pussy sitting on the bar in front of her, and began to lick and nibble her way up and down April's distended lips. -----------------------------
Lisa heard the knock on her door and slipped out of bed without waking Jason. It was Andrew, the Head Steward. "We just dropped anchor and I thought you might want to catch the launch going in to Nassau to pick up your Mom and Dad."
Lisa threw open the door and ran naked back to her closet. "Yes I do Andrew. Do I have time for a quick shower?"
Andrew smiled. "I'll make sure you have time. The launch doesn't leave until I say so."
Lisa ran back to him and kissed him hard with a lot of tongue. Andrew couldn'tnotsqueeze her ass while she was attacking his tongue. When the kiss broke Lisa said, "It's been almost a year since the last time I fucked you and I thoroughly enjoyed it last time. We need to make up for that lost year tonight."
"You mean on your wedding night?"
"Oh I have a feeling I'm going to be averybusy girl tonight... and we're picking up my Dad and his girlfriend, not my Mom. My Mom would have hated every minute of this cruise so I didn't invite her." Within seconds she was in the shower.
Lisa was at the helm of the launch as they approached the dock in Nassau. She wasveryfamiliar with the craft's handling characteristics since her father had a 41 foot Bertram exactly like it. As they got close, she still had the craft at a speed which was upsetting three of the customs officials. At the last second when it seemed a collision with the dock was nearly inevitable she spun the wheel hard, backed off the right engine and added ¾ power to the left. As she came to a stop the Bertram barely kissed the fenders awaiting them. Although one of the officials was still making aggressive noises everyone else was giving her an ovation. Behind her and over her shoulder she heard a familiar voice say, "Nowthat'smy daughter!
Lisa made it from the flying bridge to the deck, from the deck to the transom railing and into her father's arms in about three seconds. As she wrapped her legs around his waist she gave him a kiss on his cheek as she said, "Hey roomy! God have I missed you. If it wouldn't create a sensation on the dock I'd have my tongue in your pussy right now."
The girl she was speaking to was Sally Rourke, her college roommate and her Dad's girlfriend. Sally gave Lisa a kiss and replied, "Sorry, not before your wedding.
By the way, where is your husband to be?"
Lisa snorted. "Still asleep when I left, but by now he's probably working his way through the all whores Rick hired for the cruise. I already told him that if they used him up or if he hadanydifficulty performing tonight I wanted an immediate divorce!"
Lisa turned to the third member of the group and introduced herself, "You must be Sir Alan, and I'm Lisa Kendall soon-to-be Lisa Carson with your assistance. Are these guys all done with customs and passport control?"
Sir Alan Collins KCVO CMG, Chief Executive & Director General of the Bahamas Commonwealth Business Council shook Lisa's hand and said, "Quite, this dock is within the bonded area so we can leave as soon as their baggage is brought aboard."
"Are you sure we can't convince you to stay on board for a bit after the ceremony? We have quite a fewreally goodconvincers on board."
"Actually your Mr. Denton is a bit ahead of you on that point. He's convinced me to stay on board until we reach Ecuador where he's having me flown home."
"Oh wonderful, I'm so pleased!" Lisa leaned in and kissed him thoroughly.
After they had pulled away from the dock and were leaving the harbor, Sally could contain herself no longer. She asked, "I did as you asked and I haven't opened my gift but I'm curious about the 'Don't worry about a dress for the wedding' comment of yours. Are you having a nude wedding or something?"
"You're not serious. Can you imagine my selling that idea to Jason's Mom? Not likely; but you are right, your wedding outfit's in the box. Every woman aboard is expected to wear the same thing to the service, just as there's a designated male outfit too."
"What are the men wearing?"
"Pearl grey swim trunks, grey Top Hats, black bow ties and shirtless Pearl grey tails with dark purple piping.
To save you your next question, all the women, including myself, will wear matching ViX Ella black cut one piece swimsuits with three tier Wedding Veils and three foot trains. The only way I'll look in any way different is that all the veils will be white except mine which is a deep red."
Sally asked, "Isn't that backward?"
Lisa grinned. "It's been a year since I was, by conventional mores, eligible to wear white. Since I spent last summer as a hooker I figured that made me a scarlet woman so that became my color but since white looks so cool at weddings I figured the other ladies should wear it."
Lisa, Sally and her father had already changed into their wedding clothes and as soon as the launch pulled alongside theFantasiafour members of the crew sprang into action. Two took the launch to hook up to the winches and allow it to resume its place on the starboard davits; one whisked Lisa and her father away out of sight of any of the other guests while Sally was delivered to Jason who led her to the afterdeck lounge where everyone else had already assembled.
Arthur and Lisa were in his stateroom overlooking the pool directly above the afterdeck bar. He kissed her forehead and said, "I'm so incredibly proud of you but I can't help feeling a twinge of the bittersweet that I somehow failed your mother."
Lisa kissed him back, this time on the lips. "Don't you dare go there. Mom let you down almost twenty-one years ago and has been getting bitchier ever since." She twirled in her brief wedding costume and retook his hands. "I'm actually kinda proud of myself. Not for it being my wedding day which was mostly Jason's doing... Wow did I ever get lucky there... but I'm proud every time I see the look in your eyes whenever you're around Sally. She's who you should have hooked up with all those years ago. I adore seeing you so... oh I don't know, happy?... content?...satisfied!It's as if she's all you need to complete your world." She kissed him again. "It gives me goose bumps. I think to myself 'I did that!' and I love it."
"Iamhappy, truly happy but if, as you suggest, I'd hooked up with her back then I'd be in prison since she was only one month old back then."
"Do me a favor, Daddy? Do Sally a favoranddo yourself a favor. Help her make a baby, she wants one so badly."
Arthur's eyebrows shot up. "She told you that? I've often suspected it but she never said anything."
Lisa's eyes shot to the ceiling as her head leaned to the side. "Duh!She didn't have to say anything to me. I thought you were brighter than that. She's convinced herself that a baby is the last thing you could ever want. Besides, I want to play catch with my little brother or sister; it'd be fun."
Bah bah bah bah... The first attention gathering chords of Mendelssohn's Wedding March rang out across the afterdeck. Sir Alan stood on the slightly raised dais surrounded by an ocean of tropical flowers. He was flanked on one side by Liz, Monica and Sally and on the other by Peter, Bruce and Rick. Two stewards opened the double doors to the corridor down the center of 'A' Deck and Arthur led his only daughter down the aisle toward the dais where Jason stood beaming.
"...pronounce you husband and wife. You may now kiss the bride." The newlyweds gazed into each other's eyes for several seconds before flowing into what began as a tender, but rapidly became passionate kiss. Jason had already untied the single bow in the center of Lisa's back which held the suit against her body and both his hands had drifted into her suit and were squeezing the cheeks of her ass just as Lisa's were squeezing him. There were three photographers and two videographers recording everything and as Lisa raised her head to survey the scene she noticed Liz had already dropped to her knees and was bobbing up and down her husband's cock.
It seemed that Ruth had somehow fallenintoa kaleidoscope and she knew that it was Lisa who had pushed her there. Not that she was complaining as she stood there watching her son kiss his new bride, she was actually quite... sated and content. She began replaying her night last night for perhaps the twentieth time. She was sure that time had somewhat dulled old memories but when she and Peter had made love last night it felt like the most powerful emotions she had ever felt. She had come harder than at any time she could remember, Peter had had more stamina than at any time she could remember, and for the first time she could remember she didn't care if the whole world heard her screams of satisfaction. At about three A.M. she heard a knock on the door to their stateroom and since Peter had dozed off she answered it only to be shocked into silence by the little eighteen-year-old birthday blonde, Barbara.
The adorable little girl took Ruth's hand and led her back to the bed. She said, "Mrs. Denton thought you might enjoy a post-coital massage. I waited in the hall until it began to quiet down in here and then took it upon myself to guess the proper time to knock."
Ruth was about to deliver a halfhearted protest when the girl pressed a finger to Ruth's lips. She removed both her own robe and the short slip-on that Ruth had donned as she said; "Please lie down on your belly." As Ruth did so Barbara straddled her bottom and began rubbing fragrant oils into her neck and shoulders. As the massage progressed Ruth's moans soon awoke Peter who hiked himself up with his head resting on his right hand so he could more properly watch the show.
Ruth spoke without raising her head. "Wish Barbara a happy birthday, Darling."
"Happy birthday Barbara. I believe Liz said you just turned eighteen?"
"Yes sir, three hours and twenty minutes ago."
Ruth continued, "I'm afraid we didn't know so I didn't bring you a gift but you have my permission to suck my husband's cock if you'd like. I've never said that to anyone before."
"I'd like that very much, Mrs. Carson."
Ruth smiled. "I thought you might; and while you're sucking on him I thought I might do the same to you."
Barbara's grin stretched from ear to ear. "Mrs. Carson, you've hit on theperfectbirthday gift!"
Ruth watched as her son began undressing his new bride on their wedding dais. Each square inch of flesh revealed seemed to him to be especially in need of kissing. Ruth was still astounded that the night before, as she watched Peter's cock disappearing into the young girl's mouth, she hadn't felt the slightest twinge of jealousy. In fact, she had felt proud and as if she were showing him off to the little strumpet. She squeezed Peter's hand as Jason knelt and thrust his tongue between Lisa's parted legs. Peter raised Ruth's hand and kissed each finger on it.
As Ruth gazed at her husband kissing her fingers he pointed behind her and over her left shoulder. As Ruth turned she saw her daughter Monica nude on the diving board with Bruce's face buried between her legs. At that precise moment Bruce began kissing his way up her belly and then her breasts before arriving at her lips. Monica raised her left leg as she reached around and inserted Bruce into her already drenched pussy. As soon as Bruce began stroking she raised her right leg and grabbing both feet she rested her heels on his shoulder blades. Bruce was just reaching his stride when Monica's next orgasm hit. She screamed and tried to slam both her feet down to help her thrust her pelvis upward. Unfortunately her right foot missed the board tumbling both of them into the pool. Even as they were falling Bruce never missed a stroke. Both his hands gripped her ass and he continued thrusting. A division of labor was soon established. It became Monica's responsibility to keep Bruce's head above water so he could breathe and continue accomplishing his responsibility;fucking herhard. Ruth simply shook her head and said, "It seems we're the only ones not getting any action."
Peter answered, "I physicallyhurtI want you so badly." Ruth pushed him back to one of the chaises and in short order was naked and riding him for all he was worth.
It seemed to him that he'd been filling her passage with cum forever. He was sure he wouldn't escape from this tryst without tooth marks on his neck but he didn't care. He stared across the pool at where his daughter was slamming down on her new husband's pelvis before rising. It seemed to Arthur that each upward movement was like a marksman recocking his rifle for his next shot. As he watched her tits flail around he thought back to the days when she had given him so much sexual pleasure yet as he watched Lisa now there was no lust left in his mind, only pride. He felt confident thatthesenewlyweds would defy the averages and spend a lifetime together.
Arthur looked down into Sally's eyes and instantly knew that she knewexactlywhat he'd been thinking. He whispered in her left ear. "If the idea appeals to you I'd like to make a baby with you."
Anyone walking past them might have thought it strange; this comely teen kissing her way around the older man's face while sobbing hysterically. It was obvious that he was still inside her yet he was by and large motionless as the girl's heels slammed repeatedly into his buttocks and thighs.
Sally regained her composure sufficiently to say, "I could take or leave the idea of having a child at my age, but the idea of havingyourchild would fulfill a fantasy beyond my wildest dreams."
Monica's voice on the public address system drifted across the crowd on the afterdeck as well as in each of the staterooms around the ship. "If you're hooked up then by all means keep on keeping on but everyone be aware that you'll incur the wrath of Monica if you don't show up in the Grand Salon in one hour and twelve minutes for my suckling pig and garlic sauce. Oh! Just in case my brother is having an audio dysfunction would everyonepleasemake sure he's aware that the newlyweds arenotexempt! Seven o'clock... Grand Salon."
Slacks, shirts and cocktail dresses had replaced the wedding attire and everyone was enjoying their coffees, brandies and desert slices of Sacher Torte. Batteries around the room were rapidly recharging after the afternoon's hedonistic excesses. Even Sir Alan had allowed himself to be led to one of the staterooms by April, Betty and Barbara to create a memory he'll forever treasure.
Rick rose from his chair and began tapping his desert fork against the crystal water tumbler to silence the crowd. He began; "Most of you know parts of what I'm about to describe but only a few know it all. I'm about to hopelessly date myself by referring to a cigarette brand introduced in 1968 by Phillip Morris. The brand was Virginia Slims and the only reason I thought of them was because of a marketing slogan they'd adopted to attract new young women smokers. The slogan was 'You've Come a Long Way, Baby.'
A scant year ago a teenage college freshman was lying in her bed feeling sorry for herself. She'd been used to always getting her own way and was convinced that her life was ruined because an urgent business opportunity had forced her father to cancel a family trip. The girl was having a hard time grasping the idea that she couldn't talk her way out of her dilemma, that she couldn't use her ridiculously large breasts and slim waist to convince some man to do something to help her or her intellect to change the rules which surrounded her. She was especially upset because in her ordered, well choreographed life she had penciled in the loss of her virginity that summer.
Her roommate planted a seed that evening; since the girl intended to get laid why not become a hooker for the summer? The seed took root and for our very task oriented heroine everything else became inevitable. Her focus shifted from aiming inward where everything was about how it affected her, to outward where everything was about doing her job to the best of her ability. For a hooker that meant pleasing her clients and make them happier people for having come in contact with her.
She's done precisely that ever since. The list of those whose lives have been positively affected by her is long and in many cases life changing. Monica told me earlier today that she credits Lisa with having both saving her life and bringing her closer to her parents than she can remember.
So whether it's a life altering event or simply an intensely satisfying romp in the hay, everyone whose path she crossed was the better for it." he raised his glass, "Jason, not only did you get the brass ring but having gotten to know you over this past year I can't imagine anyone I'd rather see as Lisa's lifelong partner. L'chaim! Lisayou'vecome a long way, baby"