The room was full of men and women who danced together, grinding their body in time with the music which blast into the room so loudly that conversations were nearly impossible. Mar felt her stomach tighten in anticipation, she was terrified, but she was also amazingly wet. Kris, her Master, had driven them out here to make one of her fantasies come true. Now that she was here, she wasn't sure she really wanted to go through with it. Thinking about it, talking about it, rubbing her pussy while she imagined it; these were all in one realm, but going through with it? Her Master had found a party that was open enough that her fantasy would be allowed, and far enough away that they wouldn't run into anyone they knew from home. Still Mar was feeling a little reluctant now that they were actually here, but she couldn't deny the fact that her pussy was wet, her nipples were hard, and her breathing heavy.
Master and slut walked out onto the dance floor together. Kris was wearing all black which showed off his olive skin tone, green eyes, and black hair. He looked sexy and dangerous, like a man on a mission. Mar wore all white, her dress came up just long enough to cover her ass and clung tightly to her curves. If she bent over even a little bit it would ride to show off her ass cheeks, you could see she wore no underwear by the shadows beneath her skirt. The top of her dress clung tightly against her hips, and then loosened on the shoulders. It hung gently showing most of her cleavage off, despite the looser fit it was easy to see Mar's nipples were hard beneath the fabric, she wore no bra to protect them.
As the evening went on Mar's nerves calmed down, Kris and she danced for hours and several gentlemen bought her drinks. After about three hours Master reached down and plucked a drink from her hand.
"Nope, that's enough now." He spoke directly in her ear so she could hear him over the music, "I don't want you drunk for this. I want you here, all of you." He ran his hands down her body, lingering over her curves and admiring the way the dress clung. Kris turned her to face the crowd. "Pick someone, ask them to dance with you. When they take you out onto the floor, grind against him. Let him touch you wherever and however he wishes until the song ends. Then come back to me."
With a slight push, Kris sent her out onto the floor. Mar gasped and turned to find him quickly, but he had already melted into the crowd. All around her people danced, some looked at her and she blushed, imagining that they knew what she was doing, imagining they knew how wet she was. She wandered in the crowd, her eyes moving over the men as she wondered who to ask. She didn't see Kris shadowing her, watching her. Finally she spotted a guy by himself, he was swaying with the music but didn't appear to be dancing with anyone. He was very tall and had thick, muscular arms. She walked up to him and tried to ask him if he wanted to dance. She was too nervous and the words never made it out, but she moved her lips and the man, practiced in reading lips over the sounds of music, nodded his head.
Together they moved out to the dance floor and began dancing. Mar's pussy throbbed and her nipples got even harder, she knew that her Master was watching her dance with another man and waiting to make sure she followed directions. She moved her body to the music, feeling it in every part of her, swaying. She crept closer and closer to the man, trying to work up the nerve, did she really want to do this? Her pussy screamed at her, yes, yes she needed to do this.
She turned her back on the man and leaned back, pressing her ass against his pelvis. She could feel his cock grow against her ass, he was turned on by her she realized, and this made her more brave. As the song continued she rocked and swayed against his body, enjoying the way his cock pressed at her ass. She wanted to turn around and suck him, she wanted him to touch her. The man seemed content to let her do all the work however and did not lift a hand to touch her. She pressed back against him again, rubbing her ass hard against him, practically reverse humping him when she realized the song had ended. Blushing, embarrassed, Mar shouted something unintelligible and fled, leaving the man there with a confused look and a painful hard on.
Master Kris appeared directly in front of her and took her arm, leading her away. He had a bottle of water which he handed to her and she drank thankfully. As a new song started she reached down and rubbed her hand against his pants, finding he was hard and ready for her. She stepped forward, grinning but he stopped her, putting his hands up he kept her from moving closer.
"Not yet slut. You have work to do. Find another man, dance, this time make him touch you. If he doesn't touch you I'll punish you." Mar nodded, drank a little more water, then turned to find another dance partner. It didn't take long to find someone to dance with and this time she didn't hesitate. Within minutes she was dancing with a man, his name unimportant. She ground against him enjoying the feel of his hard cock, but again the man seemed to be letting her do what she wanted.
Mar took his hands in her own and pressed them against her breasts. Her nipples were so hard that the man had to feel them against his palms. She let out a deep throated moan as his hands closed on her tits. Her nipples were very sensitive and she could barely stand the pleasure as this stranger touched her. He reached into the front of her dress and pulled at her nipples, his fingers rolling them and playing with them until she was bouncing her ass off his cock. She could barely stand it, all her nerves were gone, she was lost in the pure pleasure of having a stranger touch her. Suddenly the man pinched her nipples hard, she cried out, arching against him. She felt her pussy spasm and struggled to control herself. Her Master would punish her horribly if she came without permission. The man pinched again, pulling her nipples away from her body and twisting them lightly. The pain and pleasure filled her and she had to fight to keep from pulling away. Master had been clear, the man could touch her however he wished.
The song continued and the man manipulated her titties, squeezing, pulling, kneading, and playing until she could barely stand. The music hid the cries, moans, and groans as she reveled in the pleasure. In her hand she chanted, "I don't know this man, this man is touching me. I'm letting a stranger touch me." And that made her hotter, wetter. Suddenly the song ended and she pulled away from the man.
"What the hell!" the man groaned as she walked away, "fucking cock tease!" he yelled after her.
Mar stepped forward, directly into the arms of Kris, he had been waiting for her, watching her. He smiled and gave her the water bottle back.
"How do you feel?" Kris asked her.
"Fuck, I need to cum, please Master!" Mar begged, pressing herself against him.
"I don't know, hey Mar, I dropped my keys. Grab them for me." Kris smiled at her, lifting his keys in front of her face, then deliberately dropping them. Mar watched them hit the ground and gasped, realizing that if she bent down to pick them up she'd be putting her ass on display. She knew she could bend her knees and pick them up, but that was obviously not what her Master wanted. He wanted everyone to be able to look and see her pussy and ass on display. She stared at the keys, feeling aroused and embarrassed by that arousal. Did he really want her to show off her ass?
Finally, slowly, she bent to pick them up. She bent down with straight legs, feeling the skirt rise to show off her ass, her pussy lips wet and swollen between her thighs. She was showing anyone who wanted to look what a naughty little slut she was, the very idea made her even wetter. She could feel the moisture on her thighs as it ran past her pussy lips. She grabbed the keys and moved to stand up, but froze, her breath stuck in her throat as Master slid a finger along her wet slit.
"Did you say you needed to cum slut?" Kris asked, Mar stood frozen, her head down by the floor and her ass high. She wondered if anyone noticed her wet pussy peeking out or if they were all doing their own thing. Kris ran his finger along her slit again and she moaned, loudly. He pressed one finger into her tight pussy and began to finger her, right there on the dance floor. For a moment Mar was frozen, she could barely feel his finger over the beating of her heart. Then she began to melt into him, her hips bucking slowly in an attempt to get him to finger her deeper, but instead he pulled away. Her groan of disappointment turned into a yelp as he slapped her ass hard.
"Stand up slut." Kris chuckled and Mar obeyed, around them several dancers were watching her, smiling. Mar blushed hotter, unable to believe she had almost cum in front of so many strangers. And so the night went on, Mar would dance with a man and let him molest her on the floor. She would get more and more excited, running back to Kris, only to be sent out again. She could barely stand still, her pussy had her humping at thin air in desperation to cum.
As she danced with another man suddenly he took it another step. He reached down and slid his hand up her dress.
"Fuck!" he growled in her ear, "You are fucking soaked."
Mar blushed hard but did not resist his probing fingers. It felt so good as he shoved two fingers into her pussy hard. Mar wondered his name and almost came as she considered the fact that she had no idea who this man was.
"Fuck you've got a tight pussy," The man pressed in harder, he began to finger fuck her right on the dance floor, pressing her tightly against his pelvis so she had nowhere to go. He pressed his leg between her thighs, forcing her to spread her legs, and she cried out. She wasn't allowed to cum, but the way this strange man was so forcibly handling her was turning her on.
"What kind of slut are you anyway?" The man asked, laughing in her ear, "I've seen you dancing with everyone. You let them touch you, you are clearly horny as hell, but you keep moving on. What's the matter bitch?" He asked, "none of them big enough for you? Or is one cock just not enough for your pretty little holes?"
Suddenly he took one finger, slick with her pussy juice, and pressed it against her asshole. Mar gasped and tried to move forward, but the stranger held her tightly. He pressed on her little asshole and slid his finger along her wet slit. Soon his finger was so wet there was no preventing it, his finger slid into her asshole right up to the first knuckle.
Mar tensed up and cried out, she tried not to fight him, she tried not to cum, but it was impossible. With a scream she suddenly shattered, cumming so hard she literally creamed on her own thighs. If the stranger behind her didn't have such a hold on her she would have fallen as the trembling turned her legs into jelly.
"Ahh, I see you did not follow directions slut." Mar's eyes snapped open, Master Kris stood in front of her with a grin. The man behind her chuckled.
"Slut came so hard I think she ruined my pants." He told Kris.
"Sorry to hear that she ruined your pants Steven. Slut, say hello to Steven, he's a friend of mine. I'm afraid he knew about your duties from the start. He bet me he could make you disobey." Mar looked from one man to the other, horrified when she realized that not only did she break the rules, but she had disappointed her Master.
"I'm sorry Master," she cried out, trying to pull away from the stranger named Steven, but he help her in a firm grip. "I'm sorry!"
"I know you are." Kris answered, "but now you have to be punished. Since you embarrassed me by not listening and since you did it in public, it's only fair that I punish you in public." Mar's heart dropped to her stomach, but her traitorous pussy clenched tightly at the idea.