In Plane View
Red Eyes. It wasn't my first time flying late night out of LAX to Philly, but I still hated it. And I hated the fact that my company still wouldn't spring for a First Class upgrade.
At least it was a non-stop; I always dreaded connecting flights.
I spotted the blonde when we boarded. She was hard to miss; short, slender, clad in a form - fitting black dress that, while not revealing much skin, clung to her curves in a way that left little to the imagination.
I consider myself a gentleman, so I tried not to gawk at her ass as I followed her down the aisle towards the rear of the plane. That said, I was quite pleased to discover she was seated in the row across from me at the back. I enjoyed the idea of possibly striking up a conversation with her during our long flight.
Then I spotted her wedding ring as she struggled to fit her luggage into the overhead compartment. Which probably nixed the potential of anything more than polite chit-chat. If that.
Still, my mother always taught me to be helpful.
"Need a hand?"
Turning, her blue eyes regarded me thankfully. "Yes, please. I can never reach these damn things!"
Our bodies brushed together as I helped store her suitcase, and I caught just a hint of her scent; a delicate mix of fruit and femininity.
I tried not to make too much of it, but my pulse did quicken, just a touch.
"Would you mind, while you're up there, grabbing me a blanket and a pillow? Thanks so much, really appreciate it!"
The smile she offered as I handed her the items was warm, friendly, yet guarded. I'd seen it before, of course. It was the smile all women use when dealing with a strange man, especially while traveling alone.
"My pleasure." Returning her smile, I stowed my own carry-on, then settled into my seat.
The flight was less than half full, and both of us were fortunate enough to have the rest of our rows to ourselves. While my ticket was for the aisle, I instead took the window seat.
After fishing out my neck pillow, I stored my backpack under my seat. I left my laptop for the time being; maybe later I'd either review some work files or watch a movie, but what I was really hoping to do at the moment was rest.
Glancing to my left, I watched as the blonde wrapped herself in the blanket, settled back on the pillow and tried to get comfortable.
She then pulled out a copy of People Magazine a previous passenger had left behind in the seat pocket and absorbed herself in it.
Putting on my neck pillow, I closed my eyes. Sleep was always hit or miss on these late night flights. I'd brought headphones, and later would listen to some ambient relaxation music when the use of electronic devices was approved after takeoff, if needed.
I didn't need it. I was out before the wheels left the ground.
-----------------------------------------
I woke to the sound of the service cart making its way down the aisle. I ordered a whiskey on ice; the blonde, a rum and Coke.
She raised her plastic cup to me in a silent "cheers." I returned the gesture. I considered trying to talk to her, to pass the time if nothing else, but her ear pods were in, and she had already turned her attention to her phone.
So instead, I put on my own headphones and found some music to listen to.
Thirty minutes later, the cabin had settled into a calm quiet, as the rest of the passengers either slept, or became absorbed in whatever entertaining distraction they'd brought along.
I'd just begun to doze off again when I caught movement out of the corner of my eye.
The blonde was holding up her phone, smiling and making playful faces as she moved it around.
I thought maybe she was Face-timing with someone at first, but she wasn't talking, just grinning at her screen as she glanced around nervously.
I pretended to be asleep, one eye open just enough to see what she was up to.
After another quick glance, she moved her phone beneath the blanket that still covered her from the waist down.
As she parted her legs and shifted herself lower in her seat, it dawned on me what she was doing.
She was recording herself. More specifically, under her dress.
She brought the phone back up, checked something on the screen, and frowned. Looking around again, she pushed the blanket off to the side, revealing her lovely, well toned legs.
The hem of her dress had already ridden up just below her ass. With a little tug, she hiked it up still higher.
From my vantage point, all I could truly see was the side, where her thigh met her buttocks. But as she parted her legs again and slowly moved the phone between them, I knew what the camera must be picking up.
I couldn't help but wonder who she was doing this for. A little flirtatious fun for hubby back home, getting him excited about her arrival?
Or perhaps she'd just left behind a lover in LA, and was giving him a little something to remember her by.
I watched, my heart racing, as her free hand went to her thigh, then slowly caressed its way upwards.
Her movements were subtle, yet it was clear by both her body language and facial expressions that she was touching herself. It was the most erotic thing I'd seen in quite some time, and I desperately wished I had a better view.
I'd never seen a woman look so petrified yet excited as she raised her hand to her lips and sucked at her glistening fingers for a moment before returning her attention to her obviously aroused sex.
Her movements became more erratic, her body squirming in the seat as she unsuccessfully tried to conceal her pleasure.
My own arousal was becoming apparent as well, throbbing urgently beneath my jeans. Without thinking, I reached down to squeeze it.
The blonde practically jumped out of her seat. With a startled yet stifled cry, she grabbed the blanket, throwing it over her lap as she bolted upright.
Her eyes found mine; wide, frightened and embarrassed.
I'd been caught looking.
Part of me felt guilty. Obviously, she shouldn't be doing something like that in public if she didn't want to get caught. But I still felt I'd invaded her privacy.
Deciding to come clean, I sat up and opened my eyes fully. She looked terrified. Probably afraid I'd turn her in, get her in trouble. Or worse, make some creepy pass at her.
Instead, I simply smiled, winked, and drew my fingers across my lips, symbolically zipping them.
The tension drained from her face as her body relaxed. She returned my smile with an adorable wink of her own.
Then, to my surprise, she shifted in her seat, moved the blanket, parted her legs, and offered me a much more direct view up her dress.
Her pussy was pristine; a creamy smooth vulva topped with a finely cropped tuft of blonde hairs that were only slightly darker than the long, luscious locks on her head.
Delicate pink labia spread to either side, just under the prominent bump of her clitoral hood. She glistened with a sheen of feminine arousal.
Then it was gone. Her legs closed, the blanket once again covering her.
Our eyes met again. She gave me a curious, questioning look."Like what you saw?"
I couldn't contain my grin. Again, I brought my fingers to my lips, this time, offering a chef's kiss.
She blushed but giggled silently, then turned her attention back to her phone and away from me.
"Show over, I guess,"I thought.
I'd just started scrolling through my phone again, trying to decide on a diversion that would keep me from constantly trying to stare at her the rest of the flight, when suddenly she was beside me.
"Hey," she whispered, "thanks for being... discreet. I thought I was in big trouble for a minute there.".
After recovering from my shock at the fact she was actually talking to me after what I'd seen, I managed to answer. "Oh, hey, no problem. Hope you didn't think I was too much of a creep for, well, you know..."
"Looking? I can't blame ya. I knew the risk I was taking. Just glad you were cool about it."
"Of course."
I'd been wanting to talk to her since we'd boarded, but now that she was sitting directly beside me, I suddenly found myself tongue tied.
She was the one to break the silence. "I'm Jessica. Or Jess, if you prefer."
"Bradley." I instinctively extended my hand.
Jessica took it, then blushed deeply as she realized what hand she'd just used. "Oh, my God, I'm sorry, wasn't thinking." She pulled her hand back quickly, but not soon enough. I could feel the sticky remnants she'd left behind on my palm.
I couldn't help but chuckle. "Don't sweat it. I'm not complaining."
Jessica shook her head in disbelief. "I just keep embarrassing myself, don't I?"
"Hey, don't feel embarrassed. We all get bored on these long flights, gotta pass the time somehow, right?"
Jessica shrugged with a grin. "Well yeah, I suppose."
Summoning my courage, I ventured, "Your husband is a lucky man, having a beautiful wife like you sending him sexy stuff like that."
Jessica looked confused. "Huh? Oh, right, my ring. You're very observant. But he's not who I was filming for."
It was my turn to look confused. "Oh, really?"
"It's... a long story, actually."
"We have time."
"I suppose we do." She looked somewhat uncomfortable.
"Hey," I offered, "we don't have to talk about it if you don't want to. None of my business, really."
Jessica sighed, her tension easing. "I appreciate that. Although I suppose I made it your business, didn't I? So I may as well tell you.
"I sell adult content online. Started about two years ago. Right after my husband... got sick. He couldn't work, and we needed the money to pay his medical costs. At first, I did it strictly for the money, but as it's gone on, I've learned to enjoy aspects of it. Including the risky public stuff. It sells well."
"I'm sorry to hear about your husband," I offered. "Does he know you do this?"
"Oh yes," she answered. "He's the one who suggested it, in fact. We'd always had an... adventurous sex life, up until his illness. And I've never been too shy. So it seemed like a natural solution."
Jessica shifted in her seat as she continued. "I do mostly solo content, although early on, when he was feeling up to it, we shot some scenes together. But lately, well..."
Tears formed in her eyes as she continued. "He's... gotten worse. It's... terminal. Six months, maybe less."
"Oh, Jesus, I'm so sorry."
"Thanks." Jessica took a few moments to compose herself before continuing.
"I flew out to LA to meet up with another content creator. A woman. My husband has given me permission to, well, play with others, since he can no longer... you know. But I've no interest in filming with men, or being with another man. I've been faithful to my husband for ten years, I don't see a reason to break that vow in his last few months."
"I can fully respect that. And I wasn't expecting..."
"Oh, I know," she cut me off. "It's okay, I get it. I just wanted to be clear, just, you know, for the record."
She sighed, managing to smile again. "Anyway, he knows I have needs, and wants me to be happy. And he's happy knowing I'm having fun. And I'm happy that makes him happy. He does watch my content, so in a way yeah, the video was for him, too. He likes seeing me get... naughty. And I won't lie, I get off on it too. But mostly because... because..."
"Because it helps keep that part of your marriage alive, despite his illness."
"Yes, exactly. Thank you. You get it."
We sat quietly for a while. When I took her hand, she didn't object. "I appreciate you sharing your story with me. Your husband is a very lucky man to have you."
"Thank you." Jessica's sadness slipped away, a genuine smile returning to her face. "It's been hard, obviously. And the reasons why I got into doing... well, let's call it what it is, porn... really suck.
"But I do enjoy it. I don't fuck other guys, no. But I do interact with them online; chats and sexting and the occasional live stream. And I get off on it just as much as Herb does. I enjoy turning guys on, stirring their fantasies of me. I enjoy the idea that they're thinking of me when they, you know..." With her free hand, she made the universal gesture for jerking off.
I laughed. "Yeah, I know. And if it helps, well, just know I'll be thinking about you later, for sure."
"Later, huh?" Jessica smirked. "Why not now?"
"What, like sneak off to the bathroom? Nah, I don't think I could manage in there; too cramped and, well, smelly."
Jessica leaned in closer. Her voice was a soft tease. "No, I meant like here. Now. With me."
My jaw dropped. "You're... serious?"
Her blue eyes sparkled with mischief. "I am."
"I... I... I mean, I can't," I stammered. "It's one thing for you to hike up your dress a little, but with me, I'd have to... it'd be too obvious, too..."
"I have an idea."
Jessica retrieved the blanket from her seat, then settled back beside me. "We use this to cover up. If anyone comes by, we just pretend to be asleep. We're in the back row, so we'll see anyone approaching before they get close enough to notice."
My brain was unsure how to respond to this invitation. My cock, on the other hand, knew the answer already.
"This is nuts," I laughed softly as I pulled the blanket over me.
Jessica gave me another wicked look. "Speaking of nuts; mind if I record us?"
"Record... us???"
Jessica looked apologetic. "If that's too much, I get it. But I was thinking... not your face, just your...you know..."
"You wanna record my... while I..." I had a tough time verbalizing it.
"Look, nevermind, forget it. Just... it would make some great content for me, masturbating with a stranger on a plane. So many of those videos you see are staged, but this would be the real deal. But if it's too weird for you, I get it."
I thought it over. "Not my face?"
"No."
"Don't use my name?"
"Of course not."
I took a deep breath to steady my nerves. "Okay. How do we start?"
Jessica grinned. "Well, first up; don't talk. I'm sure you don't want your voice on here either. Let me do the talking. I'll set things up, get started. Then you join in, when you're... ready."
"Okay," I gulped.
"Oh, a few quick questions; can you keep your hands to yourself?"
I nodded. "I won't touch you unless you invite me to."
"Well, we'll see," she smirked. "Would you mind if I... touched you?"
"I thought you didn't..."
"Not all the way, no. Not talking about that. Just a little playful teasing."
"No, I... wouldn't mind that at all."
"Cool. Last thing; Let me know when you're close. I'll be recording mostly myself, but definitely wanna catch the cumshot. If you're comfortable with that."
"I'll do my best to give you a heads up," I chuckled.
"Okay then. Let's do this."
With that, Jessica opened the camera on her phone. After adjusting a few settings to her liking, she hit record.
Her voice was a soft whisper as she began:
"Hey, guys. Here with a new friend. He caught me being naughty earlier, but promised not to turn me in if I gave him a more intimate show."
Jessica gave me a quick wink before she continued. "So, I guess I gotta do what he asks, right?"
Jessica lifted her phone and did a quick pan around of the plane, including the backs of the heads of several people in front of us. "Sorry, I'm so quiet; the plane isn't full and most people are sleeping, but still gotta be careful."
Moving her phone back to her face, she placed a finger across her lips. "Shhh."
Lowering the phone, Jessica tugged and teased at the top of her dress. I watched in awe as she slowly, tantalizingly revealed one firm, conical breast, then the other. They bounced ever so slightly as they popped free.
She pinched at her dark pink nipples, swollen under her fingertips. Her eyes sparkled in the low light.
Entranced, I watched as she continued the slow tease, caressing her breasts, jiggling them for the camera, and me.
Not bold enough yet to free it, I grabbed my shaft over my jeans, squeezing firmly.
Jessica noticed my movements and smiled. Moving her phone still lower, she pulled the blanket up to expose her legs before parting them as wide as she could.
Again I was treated to the view of her perfect pussy, now close enough that I could smell her arousal wafting up from it.
Jessica slid her free hand between her legs, parting her labia with her fingers like tiny butterfly wings. The screen reflected back the image; a close, detailed look at her most intimate area.
Her middle finger slid slowly along her slit, gathering moisture from her wet opening before continuing up to her swollen clit, rubbing it in slow, steady circles.
Hypnotized as I was, I managed to look away long enough to scan our surroundings and make sure no one was coming, or paying attention.
So far, so good. We were unnoticed. Satisfied, I turned back to Jessica.
One of my favorite kinks is to watch a woman pleasure herself; to me, there is nothing more beautiful or erotic. Not just seeing her nudity, no, but seeing the look of sheer pleasure on her face, in her eyes.
And Jessica was giving me a perfect show. Her eyes fluttered, her teeth biting at her lower lip to contain her moans.
Glancing at the phone, the angle she held it at it now captured her face while still focused on her fingers as they continued exploring her glistening and silky folds.
Catching my gaze, she smiled brightly. She truly did enjoy her work, not a hint of shame or embarrassment marred her beautiful blue eyes.
Pausing, she lifted her hand, showing both the camera and me the tendril of thick, clear liquid that hung suspended between her fingers.
Then, to my delight, she brought her fingers to my nose. I inhaled greedily; her scent strong, pleasant, intoxicating.
Moving to my lips, she wordlessly invited me to taste. I accepted eagerly, slurping up her tangy, creamy offering, savoring her flavor on my tongue.
Then she was masturbating again, rubbing not just her clit, but the entire surface of her cleft. Her labia fluttered wildly as her hand moved in a blur over them.
No longer able to contain myself, I unzipped my jeans and, with an awkward effort, managed to free my raging erection while keeping it hidden under the blanket.
Jessica gave me a knowing look. Moving the camera back up, she leaned in to whisper, "I knew he couldn't hold out. He just took his cock out, look."
Jessica pointed the camera at my lap. While still covered, my bulge was obvious beneath the blanket.
Jessica tugged at the blanket playfully, trying to reveal it.
I resisted for a moment, still afraid of getting caught.
But I wanted her to see it. To see what she'd done to me.
Letting go, I allowed her to pull down the blanket. My cock sprung free from it with a grateful bounce.
"Mmmm," she purred. "Look at that. That's lovely."
Her next actions shocked me. Moving between her legs, she thrust two fingers deep inside. She pumped furiously for several seconds before pulling them out and, without warning, reached over and slathered my cock in her juices. "Looks like it needs a little lubrication."
My cock twitched wildly as her fingers caressed it, up and down several times, before pulling away and returning to her own needy sex.
Gripping myself at the base, I picked up where she left off, spreading her juices along my shaft as I stroked, thrilling at the idea of being exposed, not just to her, but the audience that would view her video later.
Just then, a few rows ahead of us, a woman stood. Jessica spotted her too. We pulled the blanket over us, concealing ourselves, just in time.
Jessica rested her head on my shoulder and pretended to be sleeping. Her hair smelled faintly of citrus.
The woman gave us a curious glance as she passed on her way to the restroom. I'd rested both arms over my lap to conceal the tent beneath. I didn't think she'd noticed, thankfully.
Jessica sat up and giggled as she heard the door close. "That was close," she grinned into her phone.
Jessica's hand moved beneath the blanket, again finding my cock, gripping it lightly. "Just keeping the pump primed, hun."
Her hand was soft, warm, as she glided along it with a light, feathery touch. A fingertip found the head, smearing around the drop of precum that oozed from it.
I was about to beg off for fear of finishing right there, but just then we heard the door latch turn.
Jessica stopped her movements, but left her hand where it was. While still covered, if the woman looked close enough, it would be obvious what was going on.
Fortunately, she didn't. At least not until Jessica stopped her as she passed. "Hey, just wanted to ask; how clean is it in there? In case I need to use it later."
The woman paused and turned to Jessica. Again my arms fell over my lap, trying not to be too obvious.
She paid me no mind, however. "Oh, it's not too bad. I've been in worse. But you may wanna bring some wet wipes in with you if you have any. I can bring you some if you'd like."
Jessica offered her warm smile. "Oh, that's sweet of you, thank you, but no worries, I always carry my own."
The woman returned her smile and finally moved away, heading back to her seat.
"You're crazy," I hissed.
"Yeah. But you liked it, I could tell. Didn't wilt a bit, did you?"
She had a point.
Throwing back the blanket, she let go of my cock and again began to touch herself. "Let's finish this up. I can tell you're close, try to give me a minute to catch up."
Throwing caution to the wind, I joined her, and together we pleasured ourselves openly. Her camera moved back and forth between us, capturing the action.
I could hear the sounds of fingers penetrating wet flesh as she frigged herself, her legs trembling with her efforts. I could only hope the hum of the engines drowned them out, along with the funny little fapping noises I myself was making.
Within minutes, her face flushed a crimson red. Jessica's legs clenched tightly around her hand as she lurched forward in her seat, small sounds escaping her throat like someone trying to stifle multiple sneezes.
The distinct smell of pussy hung in the air like a musky perfume as she rocked back and forth, her orgasm rippling through her petite body.
Finally, she relaxed, easing back in her seat with a soft sigh. "Oh, wow."
I'd been edging for the past several minutes, but the familiar tingle deep in my loins told me I wouldn't be able to hold back much longer. My cock swelled in anticipation.
I nudged Jessica in warning. Picking up on my unspoken signal, she quickly aimed the camera at me, just in time to catch my first eruption, launching itself from the tip to splatter across the blanket in a long, sticky streak.
It took all of my willpower not to groan or grunt as my climax continued; hot, bubbly cum now running down my fist, soaking my balls.
Slowing my pace, I continued until I'd squeezed out every last drop.
I'd forgotten to breathe. I let the air out of my lungs in a long, slow exhale.
"Good job, hun," Jessica whispered.
She faced the camera a final time. "Holy shit, you guys, that was hot! Hope you enjoyed it as much as we did!"
With a kiss and a wave, she ended the recording.
We gazed at each other with goofy grins before remembering our exposed state. Jessica pulled the blanket back over us.
Then, reaching into her purse, she produced a packet of wipes. "Here, clean up as best you can. I'm gonna duck into the ladies room to freshen up."
"Wait," I stopped her. "Can I...?"
She eyed me curiously. "What?"
I flushed with embarrassment. "No, nevermind. Forget it."
"What? Just say it."
My face couldn't get any redder. "I just wanted to... smell you... your fingers... one last time."
"Ah," she smirked, "you're one of THOSE guys. Sure, why not?"
She lifted her fingers to my nose once more. "Here, enjoy."
I inhaled deeply, taking her in, memorizing the glorious scent of her. "It's... so lovely. Thank you."
"You're welcome."
I surreptitiously wiped myself down while Jessica tended to herself in the restroom. Once she'd returned, I made my own visit there, washing my sticky hands and making sure there were no noticeable stains on my pants. Fortunately, I'd worn my dark denim jeans.
Jessica spent the rest of the flight beside me. We chatted away like old friends, talking about our lives, our jobs, (before her husband's illness, she'd worked as a college guidance counselor, a career she'd planned on returning to after her husband passed,) and other more lighthearted topics.
Eventually we dozed off, Jessica again resting her head on my shoulder as she slept.
-----------------------------------------
We woke to the announcement we'd be landing shortly.
Jessica sat up groggily, wiping the small stream of drool from her chin. She blushed when she noticed the wet spot on my shoulder. "Sorry. I just keep embarrassing myself, don't I?"
"It's fine," I said as I wiped it off, "not the first bodily fluid you've gotten on me this flight."
Jessica laughed. "No, I suppose not."
As the plane began its descent, her face looked almost sad. "Thanks for keeping me company. I... really enjoyed it."
"You're welcome," I chuckled, "but I think it's me who should be thanking you. I know I'll certainly never forget it."
A happier expression returned to her beautiful face. "It was my pleasure. Oh, that reminds me!"
Grabbing a pen and a scrap of paper from her purse, she began to write. "Here, let me give you the link to my web page. Our video should go up in a few days, after I edit it. You can message me at the email link on the site, I'll make sure you get a free copy."
I took the paper from her, stuffing it in my pocket. "Thanks. I look forward to it. It'll be a nice keepsake."
"I'm sure it will," she winked.
The plane landed, and as it taxied to the terminal, we gathered our things.
After disembarking, Jessica gave me a warm hug. "Well, I guess this is it. It was nice meeting you, Bradley."
"Nice meeting you, Jessica."
I called after her as she walked away. "Hey, Jess?"
She turned back slowly. "Yes?"
"You... Are you in a rush? Wanna get a cup of coffee or something before we head home?"
Jessica sighed. "I don't think that would be a good idea."
My head dropped. "Ah. Right, of course. My bad. I'm sorry."
"It's okay. Just..."
"No, no need to explain. That was stupid of me. What kind of jerk hits on a married woman who's husband is dying, right? You must think I'm a total creep."
Jessica walked back to me slowly. "You're not a creep, Bradley. You're very sweet. But you know I can't see you again, right? Because despite your good intentions, you're going to want something I just can't give you."
I nodded sadly. "I know. Doesn't mean I have to be happy about it. But I understand."
Putting her bags down, Jessica hugged me again, planting a soft, wet kiss on my cheek. "Goodbye, Bradley."
"Goodbye, Jess."
I watched her walk away until she'd disappeared down the hall towards the baggage terminal.
Having everything I'd brought in my carry-on, I made my way to the exit.
After summoning an Uber for the short ride home, I settled into the back seat and pulled out the paper she'd given me, searching for her site.
I found it easily enough, and had to laugh at her online pseudonym, "Jessie Julep."
Sweet, just like her.
I scrolled through the preview pictures for a few moments, teaser shots in lingerie and skimpy bikinis. The more explicit content was of course hidden behind a paywall.
One I definitely planned on subscribing to later.
Because, while it was true she couldn't see me again, there was certainly no reason I couldn't see her.
-------------------------------------------
AUTHORS AFTERWARDS
Not much to say on this one except sometimes it's the simplest ideas that make for the funnest stories.
At least to me.
Still, I try to throw a little heart and humanity into even my simplest stuff. Hopefully it came through.
Your thoughts and feedback are, as always, welcomed and encouraged.