Aware of Alex's desires for girls in lingerie, Alice wears her red teddy and black baby-doll. But she soon tires of this bedroom-game, so Alex takes a big chance ...
While driving home one night, Alice recalled that my appreciation of girls in lingerie had reminded her that she had a few "naughty things" hidden away. These were the present of a girlfriend who thought they may spice things up with Alice's previous boyfriend, and she wondered if I would like her to wear something tonight. My delight was immediately obvious, and since she had raised the subject of sex, I took this opportunity to recall how much I had enjoyed my last exhibition. And carefully mentioned that I couldn't help notice that she "touched herself."
After some considerable hesitation, Alice said that on a recent night shift she had overheard some of the wilder, younger nurses talking about sex, including touching themselves, or as they called it, "tweaking." For the next two hours she could stop thinking about sex; about girls touching themselves and watching me at play. Feeling very guilty, very naughty, and very, very excited, she managed to slip away. The moment she had complete privacy, she lifted the hem of her uniform and let her fingers go straight to where they were needed. With only a few quick touches, she had one of her most powerful orgasms ever.
I was desperately trying to concentrate on driving and could only manage to show my approval with grunts and moans. When Alice asked if I liked this, I could only nod enthusiastically. Already heady with excitement, my brain nearly exploded when she asked if I would like to hear some more. Having already confessed her naughty secret, Alice grew in confidence, and she was definitely enjoying the effect her revelations were having on me. So I took the opportunity and asked for more.
Alice smiled, but paused while she searched for a cigarette before beginning in a low, but steady, voice. She recalled how a few days later when she was home alone one afternoon and feeling a bit "frisky," she got out some of the Penthouse magazines. While I enjoyed looking at photos, Alice rarely found these even slightly exciting. But, she was aroused listening to my sex stories, and, as she had lately discovered, when reading some of Penthouse's erotic stories. When her fingers wandered "down there" she got very aroused as she continued reading. And she got so aroused that she came. I assured her I was thrilled to hear of this, and realized it was another step in our expanding sexual adventures.
Arriving home I was highly excited as Alice retrieved her "naughty things" from the bottom of the underwear draw, returning with a strapless red teddy with lace trim and a soft black baby-doll. I choose the red teddy. After lots of kissing and touching, we rolled together and as I nestled between her legs, Alice moved the leg of the teddy to let me slide inside her. Raising myself high on my arms, the sight of Alice in lingerie was intoxicating and I filled her with my deep lust.
In the following days, Alice in the red teddy consumed my thoughts, and I desperately wanted to ask her to dress in lingerie for me again. Almost a week later, I could not stand it any longer, and meekly asked Alice if she could wear the black baby-doll. She agreed to slip it on; and the sight and touch of Alice in lingerie made for another wonderful night of intense sex.
Visions of Alice dressed in lingerie consumed me and although I successfully managed to gently encourage her to wear one of these delicious items about once a week; I wished for much more. However, it was becoming increasingly clear that Alice's initial enthusiasm for lingerie-play was quickly fading.
After trying for well over a week to control my desires, when I finally managed to suggest that I was looking forward to some more lingerie play, I was in for a severe letdown. Or so it seems at first. Alice carefully explained that while she knew I found her wearing lingerie very exciting, it really didn't do it for her. I tried to say that this was not a big deal, but at the time it was very difficult to hide my huge disappointment. She brightened up and said that it would be alright and that I could get the teddy from her draw. With considerable apprehension I sat on the side of the bed, holding the red teddy, and emphasized that I did not want her to feel at all pressured.
At this point, I took a very big breath, and with downcast eyes, asked if she would mind if I wore the teddy. Without a moment's hesitation, Alice said yes! Giddy with excitement, I stood up beside the bed and pulled the teddy up over each leg, brought it tightly over my hips and pulled it as high as it would go, just barely covering my nipples. I quickly slipped back between the sheets and we began kissing and fondling. After considerable passion, I released myself from inside the teddy and, now unrestrained, Alice welcomed me inside. I was overwhelmed by the sensuality and the kinky eroticism of the moment, and very soon I lost control and exploded with desire.
Afterwards, I quietly slipped out of bed to return the teddy, and waited with baited-breath for Alice to ask the inevitable questions. But there was no inquisition, and Alice simply dozed off to sleep.