I'd decided to have a little dinner party type of thing, and I invited Rachel to come over and help plan it.
"So," she said, "you want me to be a waitress?"
"Yes," I said. "I was thinking a short black skirt, white blouse and an apron. Oh, and your hair up, like proper madam."
"And I'm going to get to play with your guests?"
"Not sure - I reckon you'll be able to strip for them, but one is married, so probably nothing more than that."
"Will I even be able to strip for them?" she asked.
"Sure," I said, "they've seen you naked before."
"Ugh," she said, "more guys from work?"
"No, the guys from poker. That was your idea after all."
"Oh, OK," she said, her interest piqued.
We plotted out the meal, the wine, that sort of thing, and I set about inviting Steve and Jason, who'd seen her strip while playing poker. We managed to set a date, and Rachel went to work while I tinkered around.
--
On the day, I'd got everything in and set up, and there was a knock at the door. It was earlier than I'd told the guys to arrive, so it was Rachel.
I let her in, and she hung up a long trench coat. She was wearing sheer black stockings, her stripper heels, a black pencil skirt that came to almost to her knees, and a white blouse. She was also wearing a frilly white apron.
"You like?" she asked.
"Very much so," I replied.
We went through to the kitchen, and I showed her where I'd put everything. It was all in warming trays or the oven, and ready to go.
The guys all arrived together, and Rachel went and opened the door to let them in. I'd forgotten that while Steve and Jason had seen her naked, she'd never actually set eyes on them, so when they came through to the living room where I had the square table set up, I introduced them all.
They sat down, and Rachel went to start collecting the soup starter while I poured some wine. She put down bowls in front of Steve and Jason, and went back for the other two. I brought the bread through, and said we should start. Rachel put a bowl in front of me, then took off her apron and sat down at the last place and ate her soup.
"This is all nice," said Steve, "what's the occasion?"
"I figured we could have a nice dinner and chat, and you two could meet Rachel face to face," I said.
As soon as she'd finished her soup, Rachel put her apron back on and we started to clear the bowls away.
"Are those stockings?" asked Steve when she was walking back in from the kitchen.
"Hold ups," she said, and tried to lift her skirt to show him. Sadly the skirt was too tight to easily lift, so she sort of gathered it up around her and slid it upwards, but it was starting to get all rucked up and you still couldn't see her legs above the tops of her stockings.
"Oh fuck this," she said, and unbuttoned, then unzipped her skirt and took it off, going and putting it on the sofa behind her.
"Tada," she said, as she stood there, with the apron covering part of her front.
I got up and went into the kitchen to get the main course, and she came and helped me. I put the plates in front of Steve and Jason, and Rachel came and put a plate in front of me. I stroked her butt as she turned away, and she stopped and wiggled it against my hand for a few seconds before going to sit down.
Before she sat down, she took her apron off, and put it over the back of her chair.
"Does this look silly?" she asked, gesturing at her outfit.
"What do you mean?" asked Jason.
"Well, without the skirt," she said.
"A little," he said, "but don't put it back on."
She shook her head, then started unbuttoning her blouse. When she'd got all the buttons undone, she took it off and went and dropped it on top of her skirt.
"That's better," she said, and sat down in her hold ups, panties and bra.
We all chatted pleasantly enough as we ate our main course, and when she was done, Rachel got up, put her apron back on and collected the plates. As she took them in to the kitchen, I watched Steve and Jason watching her walk away from us.
I followed her in to the kitchen to help with dessert, and brought the smaller plates through for Steve and Jason. Rachel came and put a plate down in front of me, and as she turned away, I unhooked her bra. She swatted at me with her hand, but missed. She went and put her plate down and took off her apron, then pulled her bra off her arms and put it with her other clothes.
"I supposed you want me naked," she said.
"Not at all," I said, "I like those stockings and heels."
Steve and Jason agreed, and she put her thumbs in her waistband and pulled her panties down a little so we could see her butt crack.
"Is this what you want?" she asked, wiggling her butt at us, teasing.
We all nodded, but she pulled her thumbs out leaving them on, and went and sat down, grinning. I could see her nipples were hard, so she was turned on even as she was complaining.
We sat and ate dessert pretty quietly, as we three guys were mostly watching her.
When we'd all finished, Rachel put her apron back on, and collected the plates. I followed her into the kitchen, where she rubbed her butt against me as I rinsed plates and loaded them into the dishwasher. When I closed the dishwasher door and turned around, she'd taken her panties off, and was walking through to the living room twirling them around her finger. I heard Jason and Steve whistling at her, so I finished up and followed her out - she'd dropped her panties with her other clothes, but she still had her apron on.
I put the coffee on, and walked out to the living room. Rachel had taken her apron off, and was sitting on the sofa between Steve and Jason. Steve had his arm around her shoulder, and Jason had his hand on her leg. She had a hand on each of their legs. I sat on the chair.
"Was dinner to your liking?" I asked.
They both nodded.
"What do you want to do now?" Rachel asked.
"What's on offer?" Steve asked, smiling at her.
"Well, there's coffee," I said, grinning.
Rachel slid her hand up his thigh, and he jumped.
"Uh, I was kidding, I'm married," said Steve. "We can watch you though, that's just like watching porn, isn't it?"
Rachel got up, and said "would you like me to dance for you?"
They both nodded, and Jason said "yes", so she went over and straddled him, like she'd seen the strippers do at the club. She was grinding up against him, rubbing her tits in his face, and I could see he was trying really hard not to grab her.
"Yeah, I think we should stop now," he said. "Go and dance for him," he gestured at me, "that won't get me into trouble."
She climbed off him, and came over to me. Facing him, she started rubbing her butt over me while holding her knees apart and rubbing her tits. I reached out and held her hips while she was doing this.
After a minute or so, I heard the machine go quiet, so I said "who wants some of that coffee?" and slapped her on the butt.
She stood up, and we went in to the kitchen and collected the coffee.
We walked out to the living room, and I put coffee cups down next to the guys. They were looking past me, and when I turned back, Rachel was standing with her feet about shoulder width apart and playing with her tits. She was pulling on her nipples, getting them really hard.
She went over to Steve and straddled him. She was rubbing herself up and down his leg, and she took his hands and held them on her tits. She went on like this for several minutes before he made a funny groaning sound and told her to get off him. She stood up, letting him stand up too, and there was a wet spot where she'd been rubbing up against him, and another growing where he'd obviously cum in his pants. He rushed off to the bathroom and slammed the door. She looked at me, sheepishly, then grinned.
She went over and stood over Jason, letting him feel her up until we heard the bathroom door unlock, when she came over to stand by me. Steve came out, downed his coffee and said they should be leaving. I could see he'd done his best to clean up his jeans after his... accident, and he rushed to the front door, where he waited for Jason to join him. I walked with Jason to the door, and let them out after brief goodbyes. I came back to the living room and sat by Rachel, who started giggling uncontrollably.
After a while, she said "right, I have some work to do," and got up. She wandered over to her clothes and got dressed, slowly.
I stood and walked her to the door, where she said "can I come over tomorrow? I need your help with some things."
I nodded, and she traipsed off down the stairs.