"This evening is just perfect," my smiling wife exclaims from across the table we were sharing at an upscale restaurant.
Smiling back at her glowing, beautiful face I couldn't agree more.
"It is a nice night out, isn't it?" I muse as I take another bite of prime rib, savoring the flavor of the still bloody slab of meat on my plate.
"And so quiet too! . . . not that I'm not happy with the other noises or anything," she says with a blush as she looks down at her lap, "it's just nice to get away for once and have a night to just us."
"I know exactly what you mean, and I couldn't agree more," I say with a chuckle, diffusing any mis-notions she might think I had of her comment.
Tonight was the first night my wife Sarah and I had left our child with someone else in order to have a full night out on our own. I had personally been away from my child for various business trips and whatnot over the course of her young life, but Sarah has never been away for more than a few hours, and seeing as our kid was turning two in the near future that was far too long of a timespan in my mind. The woman just needed a break from motherhood, and so when my parents offered to watch the kiddo for a night the next time we in town visiting I jumped at the chance, ecstatic to be able to spend a night with just the two of us for once.
"Although I could do for a warmer outfit," Sarah teases with a mischievous smile as she looks down at what she's wearing, bringing me back to the present.
Raising my eyebrows I smile, saying nothing as I enjoy a sip of my wine.
Several years prior to having any children my wife and I had gone to a wedding for one of her college friends, and at this wedding she had put on a simple dress, a flowery one that went almost to the knees with just a wide ribbon to tie it around the neck on top. Now there was nothing overly sexy about this dress, but on that night she had decided that the dress itself was enough coverage and went sans any bra. My wife is not an super-endowed woman in the chest, so while she has large enough girls to keep me more than satisfied they aren't large enough to stay glued to most dresses, even those with built-in cups. Combine that with the fact that the dress tied at the neck meant anytime she would lean over or press her arms together, her dress would pop outwards, giving me (and anyone at the right vantage point) a clear view of those wonderful breasts (all the way down to her rosy nipples depending on just how much it opened).
Now normally Sarah is a very conservative dresser, so when she pulled this stunt it drove me insanely wild, loving every second of that night when I could glance down and catch a glimpse of her exposed bosom. I couldn't really tell you much about the wedding itself as my sole focus was on my wife's chest as it came in and out of view all night long.
Well aware of what that night did to me Sarah never attempted it again as the occasion to do so never arose, and then of course with the baby I saw her boobs more times than I can count, but it obviously wasn't the same with your child latched on to them (and otherwise they were always put away to prevent accidental leakage, which kind of takes away the sex appeal). Weaning our child was a very happy day for me, as I could now claim her non-loaded breasts purely for me once again!
After birthing our child my wife was very keen on getting back into the shape she was pre-birth, and looking across the table at her I had to admit she had done a damn fine job of it - she looked just as good as her hot little body did on our wedding day!
Still being in dad mode, as that's really the only mode I know anymore, it was quite a shock when I was waiting in our hotel room for Sarah to get ready for our big night out the bathroom door opened to reveal my lovely wife wearing nothing other than that flower dress from seemingly ages ago. Leaving over to give me a kiss I can clearly tell she's not wearing a bra as her breasts come fully into view under the sagging dress. That sight made dad mode disappear in an instant.
Enjoying our meal an hour later I still can't believe my luck as my eyes settle on wife's chest from across the table, knowing only that loose fitting droopy front of her dress is all that hides Sarah's assets from the whole room of people sitting around me.
Catching me staring my table guest slowly leans across the table, pretending to reach for the salt.
"Enjoying the view?" she asks innocently as the curves of her breasts suddenly come into view.
I openly stare, not caring how rude it appears.
"Just enjoying this . . . twice in a lifetime opportunity," I murmur with a sly grin of my own, not bothering to look her in the eyes while responding to her.
Finishing our dinner (with dessert, of course), we settle the bill and leave the restaurant, walking the short distance to the hall where a musical is to be held, the next item up on our big night out.
Feeling a nip in the night I offer my suit coat to Sarah and she takes it with a smile, my gaze shifting down to her chest as her boobs are visible once more while she adjusts the coat over her shoulder. I catch just a hint of nipple from my elevated standpoint before the dress settles back over them.
'Man, I'm never going to tire of that view,' I think to myself.
I bet my neck will have a different story tomorrow, however, after all the craning it's doing in order to catch a glimpse of things I get to see completely in the open at home all the time.
'Worth all the pain tomorrow,' I decide as I take Sarah's hand in my own as we stroll down the crowded street.
Seeing her boobs at home is nowhere near the same as seeing them exposed out in public - it doesn't necessarily seem logical even to me, but just knowing some random stranger has a chance at looking over and seeing her exposed chest drives me wild.
Hand in hand we stroll the short distance to the theatre and go inside, shuffling down our designated row as we make our way to the middle where our seats are - if you're going to shell out money for these kinds of things you might as well pay a little more and actually get nice seats is how I see it. Settling into our new home for the next few hours Sarah keeps my suit coat draped over her shoulders so that it remains covering her arms.
"Still cold?" I ask as I'm happy to see that I at least still have an uninhibited view of her chest while my jacket is obscuring her body for the most part from the people around us.
"A little, part of it is just that I like the feel of wearing your clothes," she replies with a smile, placing her hand on my leg as the lights dim to warn everyone that the performance is about to begin.
Settling in I watch as the performance start, my eyes glued to the stage as the opening scene comes to life through song. It's a great musical that I find myself thoroughly enjoying, surprised at just how engaging it was when the intermission sneaks up on me an hour later.
Standing up I stretch my muscles, glancing down at Sarah as she asks if I'm enjoying the performance.
"It's. . . gr great!" I respond, stumbling on my words for a moment as I look down to see my wife bend over to adjust her sandal, causing her dress to pop out and completely expose her breasts. Seeing them out like that instantly gives me a slight hard on - being so enthralled by the show I had almost forgotten about the view my wife was handing out tonight. As Sarah continues to mess with her footwear I casually glance around to see who could see down her dress, spotting several theater-goers standing in rows in front of us who could indeed if they just happened to look over. Nobody paid her any mind though, and eventually she straightened up, her dress decently covering her once more. This brings me slight disappointment as I settle back in my chair as the lights dim once more, my horniness increasing as I think about my wife being exposed in such a classy place as the contrast makes it just that much more appealing.
Unable to focus on anything else I slide my hand up Sarah's back after a little while into the second act, slipping under my suit coat as my arm inches up her back. Giving her back a rub my hand slowly makes its way up to her neck, my jacket hooking on my arm as I slide my entire appendage underneath it. Fingers finding her neck strap I pretend to idly play with it as I search for the knot. Looking over her shoulder as I find what I'm looking for under my coat I can see the man on my wife's left intently staring ahead at the show, not paying any attention to those seated next to him. The people in front of us understandably have their focus ahead as well, leaving no one left that would see what I was about to attempt.
Feeling my loins heat up I initiate a bold plan that hours ago I would have never dreamed of attempting; praying it won't land me in too much hot water and ruin our night I deftly pull on the bow of Sarah's neck strap, the knot quickly unravelling as the two strings fall from her neck.
A slight gasp emits from my wifes mouth as she turns from the on-going production to give me a sharp look, but looking down she finds her dress otherwise unchanged as the zipper in the back still keeps everything mainly in place due to her sitting position. The noise she emitted causes the gentleman next to her to glance over, but he quickly goes back to watching the show upon finding nothing amiss. Staring at me for a long moment I hold my breath and wait for the inevitable storm, realizing I've gone too far. After a few tense moments however Sarah gives an almost unperceivable shrug before going back to watching the musical, leaving her dress as-is as she settles back down.
Emboldened by her response my hand slowly slides down her neck to rest on the zipper. Toying with it I look for a reaction; getting none I slowly unzip her dress until the zipper hits the bottom of the track a few inches down. Eyes shifting down Sarah inspects her chest as nonchalantly as she can, finding her girls still covered by the dress as it hasn't shifted any since it became loosened. As her concentration goes back to the stage without so much as a glance in my direction I slowly drop my hand from under my coat, adjusting the item so that it's settled squarely over her shoulders once more before resting my hand in her lap. Gaze remaining glued to the stage my wife gives my hand a squeeze, a slight smile on her face, telling me she knows what's going on in my head and is seemingly happy to oblige me.
Not daring to dwell on where my normally shy wife has gone I push forward with my horn-dog driven plan as I ever-so-slightly grasp a handful of dress and slowly tug on it with the tips of my fingers while keeping my hand nestled firmly in her lap. Not finding resistance my fingers inch up her dress to grab another fold of the dress to tug on, slowly but surely pulling the dress down her body centimeter by centimeter. One more pull and a hand reaches across to stop mine as Sarah glances down at her slightly more exposed chest, seeing exposed cleavage that wasn't there before but otherwise finding it still decently covered. Looking over at me I smile my special 'I'm horny' smile, letting her know I want to advance this game I'm playing to the next level, a level we've never even come remotely close to before. Initially I find fear and hesitation in her eyes, but a furtive glance in either direction shows our neighbors fully wrapped-up in the performance. Coupled with my coat draped over her to add another layer of protection her hand slowly leaves my own to return to the armrest at her side, the only acknowledgement I get as her attention once more returns to the stage, although I notice her finger wrap around the metal frame and seemingly grasp it tightly as she mentally prepares for what's coming next. Taking this as good a green light as I'm going to get my fingers go back to work, her dress once more inching its way down her chest, which is starting to heave a little more from an increased breathing that I can only assume is coming from a mixture of excitement and nervousness.
Not paying any attention to the wonderful musical in front of me my eyes are glued to the ample cleavage starting to reveal itself as I continue to massage the fabric downward between my fingers. I pause as the dress comes to rest in a precarious spot just above the point of no return, my own breath hot and heavy now as the whole upper half of Sarah's breasts are out in the open.
Looking up at my wife's face I find her still staring intently ahead, but I can tell her entire focus is on what's happening in her seat. The fact that she's pretending to focus on the show let's me know she's not going to stop me from taking it as far as I want to take, which brings another wave of excitement as I realize what that means. Nervously glancing at her neighbor once more I inspect my wife in the glow if the soft light, deciding the darkness coupled with my suit coat draped over her shoulders would obscure most viewable angles of her chest, although anyone sitting directly next to her along with a handful of people in front would have a full-on view if they happened to shift their view at all.
'That's the main reason for the excitement,' I tell myself as I feel my pants tighten from the full hard-on I've got going at this point. With a deep breath to try and still my insanely rapid beating heart I pause just a moment longer before giving the dress a final tug.
I watch with fascination as the thin fabric continues to cling to Sarah's body a lingering moment before slipping down, her hard rosy nipples suddenly popping into view as the dress slips completely off her chest when it loses its grip on the last thing it was holding on to.
My erection throbs as it strains against my jeans, quite an uncomfortable situation if I were to pay it any heed, but none of that matters as I stare at my wife's exposed breasts out in a public theatre, the pair of pale mounds out in the open for all to see. It only helps that her rapid breathing causes them to deliciously rise and fall, her hardened nipples looking ready to cut glass as they move up and down. I feel as if I'm going to cream my pants as the moment extends, still unable to fathom the fact that I'm staring at my wife's visible tits while sitting next to hundreds of people. I sit it my trance, my mind seemingly broken as I simply watch the pair of them rise and fall, the rest of the world darkening around me as I zero in my focus.
The spell is broken when the man next to her stirs in his seat, Sarah's hands shooting up to quickly pull her dress back up her chest as nonchalantly as she can.
Her neighbor happens to just be adjusting his position in his seat and pays her no mind as he continues to watch the singing performance on stage, but the moment is over as my wife subtly re-ties her dress across her neck, her boobs securely covered once more as she settles into her chair.
It was more than I could ask for and so I settle back down, reaching up to zip her back up before my hand makes its way to her lap, this time just to purely have contact with her as my focus returns to the stage finally; I may be watching the performance but there's no way I'm thinking of anything other than what I had just experienced. The music becomes a background to my daydreaming of the moments prior, the scene I had witnessed replaying over and over again in my head as the performance carries on in front of me without my notice.
The musical winds it way it a finish, and as the lights turn on Sarah and I stand up to go, me having to adjust my pants before doing so to hide the still evident bulge there.
"I can't believe you did that," she says to me as we begin exiting our row, but the look on her face tells me it was a statement of surprise, not anger.
"Honestly I can't either, but holy shit am I glad it did," I reply with a giant grin.
Looking up I notice a man from the row in front of us staring at Sarah, and I feel a twinge in my pants as I can't help but feel like the look he's giving her means he may have gotten a peep at our little show earlier. Luckily Sarah doesn't notice his open stares and we make our way out of the theatre and onto the street for the short walk back to our hotel without any freak-out of sorts at having potentially been spotted topless in public.
The walk is made in silence, once more hand-in-hand as we stroll through the brisk night air, purely enjoying the moment. Every so often I glance down at my wife's bosom to remind myself that what I witnessed earlier had actually happened, vividly remembering the sight of those pair of lovely breasts no longer confined under the dress while people sat all around us. The whole walk has me grinning from ear to ear.
Entering our hotel we get on the elevator to make the trek up to the 18th floor where we are staying.
"At first I was a little unhappy with your antics," Sarah starts once the doors close to leave us alone in the elevator, "and then I couldn't believe it when you exposed me in the theatre like that! My boobs were out for everyone to see!"
I don't respond, confused as I didn't get any feeling of resentment at any point after our incident so I am wondering why it's coming now - maybe the reality of what we did is settling in finally.
"But you know what," she continues in a small voice as we near our floor, "I don't know how or why, nor do I really want to put too much thought into it as I might not like the answer, but in the end all I felt was incredibly turned on by it. How am I horny from getting half naked in public? What's wrong with me?"
"Nothing is wrong with you, you're absolutely perfect," I respond with a quick peck on the cheek as the doors open to let us out on our floor. "And I just wanted to show a little bit of that perfection off today."
"It was crazy that you did that . . . yet it was invigorating at the same time. . . I still feel a slight hotness down there," I hear her say as we walk down the hall, "and to be honest I'm a little sad it's stuck there now, like some unfinished business."
Looking around I find the place currently deserted, which causes me to decide to ride out the "what the hell" moment I was feeling as everything so far was falling in place for me.
"Well," I murmur with a wicked smile, "We aren't back to our room yet. We could continue what I started at the show . . ."
Sarah looked around the hallway incredulously.
"You want me to take my clothes off here?!? Someone could open their door at any moment and see me! You must be crazy if you think I've come that far buddy."
I only smile back at her to show her I wasn't serious, my heart sinking slightly though as I thought for a brief moment I would get an even more magical ending to the night. Just the thought of my wife topless in the hotel hallway has me stretching out my pants, but I am content to take what already happened tonight as it was way more than I would have ever expected. But still, holy shit would that have been the greatest image to have been forever burned in my memory . . .
Almost to our room Sarah stops me, breaking me out of my disappointed reverie as we come to a halt in the middle of the hall.
"Oh! I almost forgot - I packed a little bit of bubbly in the room for us - the ice machine was just back down the hall. Will you wait here while I fill us up a bucket?"
I stand idly in the hallway as my wife darts into the vending machine and ice alcove just down the hall, the small room just large enough to hide her small frame from view. Hearing talk of champagne makes me feel like I have a decent shot at some good sex tonight, which would bring a nice culmination to the evening- I won't need any fuel to get me going, that's for sure. Thinking of our room my mind flashes to an ice bucket sitting on the table next to our bed.
'Do they have ice buckets by the machine too then?' I wonder as Sarah remains hidden in the small room down the hall, not remembering a single hotel that does such a thing.
I start to walk back towards where my wife is to ask her that very thing when her head pops out into the hallway, quickly looking both ways down the empty hall before settling on my approaching form.
"Honey . . .?" she asks, readying me for a request to go and grab that ice bucket I pictured in our room.
Before I can say a single word however an item comes flying out into the hall to pool on the floor in front of me.
". . . is this what you wanted?" I hear from inside the half-room as I take a few more steps and stop just outside the vending machine cove's opening, inspecting the item rumpled on the floor only to find it to be my wife's flower dress. Disbelieving my eyes I take the final step and look inside the open room to see my completely nude wife smiling brazenly back at me. Staring at the pair of breasts perfectly illuminated by the light of the vending machine my gaze slides down from those perfect rosy nipples, past a smooth flat stomach to settle on the small strip of hair just above her completely exposed pussy.
"Did I forget to mention I wasn't wearing any panties as well under that?" She asks as she strikes a seductive pose, spreading her legs apart to give me an even better view of her slightly opened pussy lips, which are already gleaming with her juices. I can't help but purely gape at her nakedness, my erection beyond throbbing at this point as my gaze soaks in her perfect body exposed out in the open. Hands on her hips she couldn't make her glorious body any more visible as every inch of her is on display out in a hotel hallway. I feel my dick pulse inside my pants, threatening to go over the edge without so much as a single touch from my hands.
The smile spreads even further across Sarah's lips as she thrusts her chest out, a finger seductively running down her exposed left breast to softly fondle her hardened nipple.
"I'd say from that dumbfounded look on your face that you are more than enjoying . . ."
Her voice abruptly cuts off as her eyes swing up to something behind me in the hallway.
"Oh, uhm, are you, are you needing ice?" my completely naked wife asks as my head swivels around while still in a daze to find an older man standing in the opening gaping at the exposed woman in front of him.
Survival instincts kicking in my wife makes no move to cover up as she instead steps forward and grabs the ice pail from the stunned gentleman without missing a beat.
"Here, let me get that for you then."
Grabbing the bucket my completely nude wife steps back to the ice machine, her breasts swaying with the motion as her body comes aglow from the machine's soft light, illuminating her exposed assets. Leaning over she begins to dump ice into the stranger's pail, her tits hanging out over the open air to give an outline of the perfect female form. I find myself staring mesmerized at her backside, taking in that amazing ass that is visible for all to see at the moment. The two of us men just stand there dumbfounded as the bucket slowly fills, neither of our eyes on anything other than my wife's body as the ice pops out of the machine one at a time.
Filling the bucket Sarah turns back and hands it to the man, who hasn't moved an inch since stumbling upon the scene at the ice machine. He finally snaps out of his trance as she gently nudges the pail back into his hands.
"Here you go! Hope you enjoy your evening!" Sarah says while managing a smile, her glistening pussy still on display as she stands there facing him with hands at her side, making no attempt at modesty while having her most intimate parts exposed a mere foot from a total stranger.
"Er. . th thank you. Thank you VERY much," the older man stumbles out as he continues to openly stare at my wifes exposed body, his eyes roaming up and down her slender body. Shaking his head the man turns to leave, muttering to himself as he adjusts his pants. Casting a final glance back into the room he is met with an enthusiastic wave from my naked wife, which causes her breasts to bounce deliciously up and down with the motion. The ice pail immediately moves down in an ill-attempt to cover the man's raging erection as he slowly shuffles out of sight, his eyes continuing to strain to see inside the alcove as he disappears from sight.
"You are going to take me back to our room and fuck me like you've never fucked me before," Sarah commands me in a rushed voice as she finally stops waving after the man had disappeared, grabbing my dick through my pants and giving it a seductive squeeze before stepping out into the hall. Not bothering to put her dress back on she simply stoops down and picks up the balled-up item, clutching it in front of her body without actually covering anything as she starts off down the hall with a determine gait. I hurry after her, staring at her exposed butt cheeks in stunned silence as I had never heard her utter that word before when speaking of our love-making, my cock aching to be released so it could be buried in that sopping wet pussy barely hiding beneath that exposed ass strutting in front of me out in the open.
My amazing wife didn't have anything to worry about with her request as back in our room I made sure to oblige her . . . over and over again until we both collapsed in a heap on the bed, only to wake up a few hours later and start all over again.
So much for getting sleep on our night away.