As night fell on the Neal home, Kendra isolated herself in her bedroom. Having a decent evening with her daughters Rose and Becca looking at baby pictures she felt at peace. Until she decided to pull out legal documents and look them over better. This included their Father's Will. Something she was shocked over. Her ex intended to give her a cool 2 million dollars once the girls were on their own. A measly portion compared to what the sisters would receive upon a given age. Having been isolated their entire life the girls had zero knowledge how to be adults, let alone manage any large amounts of money. Therefore, their Father had made up this specialized Will that prevented the girls from getting his money until they were 21 instead of the usual age of 18.
Kendra found her ex-husband Charles Masters to be smarter than she ever realized. In order for the girls to become official adults in their Father's eyes they needed to spend three years with their Mother to reacquaint and learn from Kendra how to survive on their own at 21. That meant schooling which the girls somehow evaded while under Charles parentage. All the girls really had was extraordinary beauty to fall back on. While obviously, not airheads the girls Rose and Becca knew nothing of job ethic, money management, who fought in any World War, how to cook, or even how to ride a bicycle. It boggled Kendra's mind.
All her daughters really knew was fashion, and how to be respectful. If Kendra only knew the disrespect they had shown her behind her back she might lose her mind. Kendra was emotional and delicate as it was. Yet, very book smart, having gone on to college for enough degrees to obtain a really lucrative job for a Doctor. Now she had Tony. Tony was a wealthy developer/ contractor. He would either build new properties, oversee some builds, or purchase flipping projects. He was definitely the boss. Without him to be Kendra's rock she might topple. Again, if she only knew that her rock could bring down her glass house with a single stone. Tony had gone from sensible man to a devilish self serving cad in less than a week. His desire for both Becca, and twin sister Rose had blown into full on sexual satisfaction. As he learned more about the girls his own leadership abilities were moving into ownership territory. The girls did secretly know how to be a sex slave. While maintaining secrets of how, Tony could only conclude that their Father had been keeping them all to himself for a reason. No proof to go on other than dark suspicion Tony did feel a bit awkward about it. After all the girls were both barely eighteen.
While not much of the girls real life were in the documents that Charles supplied the Court system, Kendra would learn more as the girls spent time in her home. Kendra had control over the money in small increments. A set allowance for the girls needs would force them to learn they couldn't have everything. So far they really hadn't acted greedy anyway. Robert Masters had at least instilled in them to remain sensible. Even when Charles was alive he spoiled them but focused on making them know restraint. Pampered young ladies who pampered their Father in return. Kendra had never known her ex-husband to ever be anything but selfish. Maybe he had changed. Truthfully, it shocked Kendra that she was even in his Will. The money would come in handy, but in the three years ahead of her to receive her 2 million, she might need the inheritance for therapy. Time would tell.
Hearing footsteps coming up the staircase Kendra puts the documents away and lays back seductively on her fresh sheets. Tony had changed her bedding twice this week. What was up with that? Not that she complained, Tony did often do nice things for her in his spare time. That was what she adored about her man. As tough as nails as Tony was his heart released the romantic quite often. Poor naïve Kendra.
As her bedroom door opened up Tony Desmond popped his head in to make certain he wasn't interrupting her. "You asleep beautiful?"
"No. Just relaxing after a hot bubble bath. It's early yet, are the girls behaving?"
"Perfect angels. We just watched a movie."
"What did you watch?"
"I went simple. Seeing as Charles never exposed them to television I figured a good start might be American Pie."
"You didn't." She narrowed her eyes.
"They said pie sounded good."
"You did not allow them to see such adult comedy."
"Of course I didn't. We watched Bambi." A pornstar named Bambi he chuckled in his mind. Even with Kendra in the house he played Bambi on the television as audible interference but exposed the girls to porn on his cellphone. At least if Kendra asked about the movie itself the girls would know about Thumper and the actual story to fall upon. They were sworn to secrecy concerning the other leggy Bambi on his cell. At least he was smart enough to purge the memory of the sites he had watched from his cell history should Kendra snoop. He knew she trusted him, but her daughters were extremely beautiful and his spending so much voluntary time with them might make her worry. He was playing it safe.
"My job is killing me. So many long hours." She hugs her pillow, laying there in a silver satin camisole and panties. Joining her he lays down beside her and kisses her shoulder lovingly.
"Know the feeling. Honestly, helping you this week has been a real vacation. Next week I do need to go back to work. We need to discuss everything don't we?"
"Yes we do. I need to find the girls a tutor, possibly a babysitter. Do you think it wise to leave them here alone with us both at work?"
"I think they'll behave alright. Set some rules and test them if you think you need too. Call them every few hours."
"That requires buying them cellphones doesn't it?"
"I can install a landline. At least we...you would know they're home if they're forced to answer. I'll even go old school and buy a cord phone." He snickers, exhaling on her stunning shoulder.
"You're too good for me Tony."
"You breaking up with me?"
She rolls over in his grasp and forces herself upon his lips. The steamy kiss led them both toward the center of the bed where she could straddle him. Laying on top of him he ran both hands all over her backside as she outstretch along his contours. Her thin boy shorts constricting between her thighs from behind offered an extremely visible display of her clam. It was a shame that Tony couldn't see it. His fingers running under those boy shorts narrowed things even more, feeding garment up between her labia. She grew intoxicated by his kiss. His erection mighty beneath her.
"BAMBI'S MOM DIED."
The kiss ended swiftly even as Tony's hands held her firm. As the adults look up and struggle to view over each other they discover Rose and Becca crying. Kendra bulged her eyes and returned a stare toward Tony, "You left the door open."
"I wasn't thinking." He was but he would never admit it. He had been attempting to make Kendra herself more openminded of late. It was her home and she shouldn't be forced to change habits of her own. He knew Kendra enjoyed the freedom of her own flesh, but now that the girls lived with her it didn't seem appropriate. He meant to change her mind. His Will would be a power to reckon with. "Calm down." He kisses her again before taking control, "Ladies? Privacy if you please."
"But...Bambi's Mom died. We can't stop crying." Becca pouted.
Sobbing next to her Rose nodded her own sympathy. Without any warning both girls leaped into bed to each side of them and snuggled up close to their own Mother. Shocked by their need to feel close to her Kendra placed her arms around each of them as best she could in her current stay over Tony's body. Even his hands were still inside her boy shorts squeezing her ass. "Tony?" Kendra whispered. He immediately released her and moved his arms behind his head as if a pillow. He had all three women in bed with him. This life was going to be good he smirked.
"Girls? This...is uncomfortable." Kendra sits up slowly crotch to crotch over Tony. The girls followed her up and cried on her shoulder. She melted by their emotional state. This was proving to her the girls were growing closer. It was definitely moving. A tear even welled up in Kendra's eye. As they held Kendra tightly Rose lowered her face compressing it to Kendra's breast while grinning down at Tony. Even as Kendra stroked her hair Rose licked her lips trying hard to turn Tony on. As if she needed to even do that. He had been hard all night long. The girls wore identical red tank tops and very short shorts as it was. Three sets of stunning legs and cleavage was hard not to examine. He did try to keep his lustful gaze minimal for Kendra's sake.
"How can you two be so emotional over a cartoon?" Tony chuckled slightly.
"It reminded us of losing Daddy. We don't want to lose...Mom." Becca vented sniffling. Kendra hearing her cried even harder now and kissed Becca's forehead.
"You won't lose me Sweetheart's. I guess hat movie was not the best example of a Disney classic considering the subject."
"Sorry. I never even thought about it." Tony sighed.
"It's okay, you're trying." Kendra winks even as a tear slithered down her cheek. She didn't want to let her daughters go. Even as awkward as her seating arrangement was.
"Sorry ladies. I didn't mean to bring back any bad memories." Tony coughed up. I'd give you two a hug but...kinda can't move."
Abandoning Kendra like lightning the twins throw themselves down on to the mattress and cuddle under Tony's armpits, his arms moving to surround their shoulders and rub their backs. Looking up at Kendra he shows her a bewildered expression. Stunned, Kendra sits there watching. Knowing this looked bad Tony lifts his hands away from the girls and fans his palms as if proving this to be unexpected. It wasn't. The girls followed his orders to the tee. "You joining in this hug Momma?" He invites her down. Kendra fidgets a moment then drops over him, her chest crushing against his. In her getting comfy state her own palms rubbed along her daughters back lovingly. The sob fest continued. Tony had all three just where he wanted them. If he had his way, this would be part of a daily ritual.
"Thank you Tony." Kendra whispered as her lips found his again. With her eyes closed to absorb their respect, Kendra found pecks on her cheeks. Both girls added another surprise. Shocked further, the girls moved lower to kiss Tony on the cheek.
"THANK YOU TONY." The twins added, mimicking their Mother, in a soft manner.
"Why are you two thanking me.' He spoke as Kendra paused their kiss but lingered a breath away.
"Because you're here for our Mom. Like Thumper was for Bambi." Rose spoke up.
Looking at her Mom, Becca adds, "Tony will look after all of us. Right Mom."
"I do believe you're right." Kendra smiled. As she kissed Tony again to show her appreciation in his efforts, the girls giggled. Finally, Kendra parted their lips and sighed, "Private time with my man girls."
"But, we don't want to be alone. We might have nightmares." Becca pouted.
"Can we sleep in here tonight with you two?" Rose whimpered.
"NO YOU CANNOT." Tony growled.
Kendra poised her eye brows at his raised voice. Seeing her hesitation Tony closed his eyes and formed a silent apology.
"Tony's right. That just wouldn't be the right thing to do."
"NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!" The girls rally as one and plead by holding Kendra tightly. As their cheeks lay on Kendra's back the twins grin at each other and pucker kisses toward Tony. "PLEASE MOM. WE DON'T WANT TO BE ALONE."
"Unreal." Tony sighs looking at Kendra.
"They could sleep on the floor. Just this once." Kendra's emotions were being swayed.
"FINE!" Tony huffs, "But...I'm not changing my habits. Neither should you. We've been through this Ken."
"Now that would be inappropriate." She frowns studying her man's reaction.
"I'll wait until the lights out to..." He halts short of saying what Kendra already knew he would finish his sentence with. Tony always, ever since they had met slept in the nude. As bad as it seemed Kendra just could not tell him no. Defeated Kendra pats his chest tenderly to submit. It was good to wear the pants in this new family Tony thought. Even if those pants were lying on the floor in under an hour.
"You can sleep on the floor girls." Kendra acknowledges, "I do need my sleep so no giggling, no whispering. Understood?"
"Yes Mother." They joined forces yet again, kissing her on the cheek excitedly.
"Go get your pillows and blanket. There's room at the foot of the bed to stretch out." Tony directs them. "Just give me enough walking space in case I need to use the bathroom. I sleep on the blind side."
"Okay Tony. Thank you Mom." They twins peel away from them and scurry out of the bedroom.
"We're seriously going to allow this?" Tony played the victim.
"It's only one night."
"I'm still not wearing my boxers."
"I trust you not to...expose yourself." She grits her teeth, "I know you won't. I love you."
"Love you too. At least it will be dark in here if I need to use the john."
"At least keep your back to them when you creep by. In case they're awake when you do. God! I cannot believe I'm allowing this."
"Like I told you the other night. This is your home. We're engaged and this is our home now. Just like my house is your house."
"I know that Tony. But, I've never...around your son when he stays with you."
"No different. He's seen me parade around in the buff before."
"Yes, but I've never done that in front of him. That would not be right."
"Right or wrong, you and I cannot buckle to our own needs. I refuse to wear my boxers to bed. You rarely sleep nude but..."
"But, what?"
He smirks and pulls her close to kiss her again. As they melt his hands return to her boy shorts, slipping as before beneath them. She trembles at his fingers digging into her cheeks. An exploratory finger found her tight little butt pucker and she yelps through their compressed lips. He was being awful playful under the circumstances. Peeling away from their kiss carefully she sighs whispering, "But, what?"
"I think you should try it more often."
"Sleeping nude? I can do that when we're not under situations like tonight...or around..."
"My son is grown up Ken. He's 19. Even if he does live between his mom and I."
"I understand that Tony. If we start making bad examples then the girls might...perhaps even your son might...think it's alright to do it themselves. How would we react if that happened?"
"My boy might whistle at ya." He jokes.
"I know he would." She giggles then presses her lips tightly in thought. "He's just like you."
"Comes from good breeding stock."
"True. Concerning the girls though...Tony...they just returned to me. It's bad enough that they've only known Charles all these years. You being a man I can see them growing close to you. I..."
"You're afraid they might grow feelings for me."
"I hope not. We both know young girls get crushes."
"I prefer their Mom." He winks.
"I know that." She blushes slightly, "I'm just being protective of them. I've had very little training on being a real mom. It was denied me all these years."
"So be their Mom. But, be the cool Mom. Not the snooty bossy kind." He smirks. "They are young adults Ken. Not children."
"They act like children. Come on they're sleeping on our bedroom floor tonight. How childish does that sound?"
"New home. Still emotional over losing Charles. Scared of the future. They need us both to just be ourselves and not ballbusters."
"You who insists on not altering bad habits." She frowns with glistening eyes.
"That doesn't make me a ballbuster. It just makes me set in my ways. You shouldn't have to change yourself over them."
"I know you're right. I can start sleeping in the nude when it's within our locked bedroom. The other night when..."
"When I made you wear that baby kimono downstairs in front of them? They teased you just fine until you coped. That kind of connection building should prove to you that you can be yourself. Hell, the girls saw my hands up under your panties just now. You even realize that it didn't bother you that bad?"
"Did I have a choice handsome groper?"
"Nope. I'd do it again. You worry way too much. Do we need to have a talk about all this, the four of us?"
"Oh my God! Noooo! I've heard enough encouragement out of Rose and Becca that night. You're absolutely right Tony."
"Good. Then when we head out to the country and stay at my house a weekend you can strut your stuff around my boy."
"You can't be serious."
"I might even pack your overnight bag, leaving the clothes at home." He chuckles, "You can wear one of my shirts while there. Nothing under it though."
"You're horrible." She giggles hiding her face in his chest.
"I want you to start realizing that you're gorgeous and that you should want to turn me on every second of every day."
"I know I am." She blushes, "I don't do that already?"
"You do. Just saying a little more skin on a hour to hour basis can't hurt."
"I can wear shorts over jeans more. A dress on occasion."
"Zero underwear." He snaps her boy shorts.
"You act as if you want me to be an exhibitionist."
"Putting up resistance?"
"Nooo." She uses her index finger and thumb to offer measurement, "A little. I'll work on that. Just be patient with me. I need to know my daughters are secure and not thinking badly of me."
"Us."
"Yes...us." She rolls her eyes then pauses, "You...don't intend to let the girls see you naked do you?"
"Not gonna go out of my way to expose myself, but should they catch us unaware...I'll survive and so will you."
"I suppose. I just feel strange about it."
"Fades in time."
"I doubt that but I'll learn to be more open."
"That's my future Mrs. Desmond." He winks at her.
"That seems so far away doesn't it?"
"We can move up the date."
"Do you want to?" She brightens up.
"I'm open to that."
"Let's discuss this another day." She yawns vividly. "We should work on our bond with the girls so that our wedding can be a joyous occasion."
"Agreed. Why don't you go check on the ladies and help them make their bed. I need to make a few job calls. Make sure my crew boss has our constructs under control."
"Alright. I hate to get up. This big ole' dick is really comfy." She smiles playfully, "So much for enjoying him tonight before bed. Of late, I'm really getting use to how much attention you're giving my sweet, succulent, very pink...very wet pussy." Her brows wiggle and she sits up on his legs, her palm rubbing over his tented jeans.
Sighing loudly Tony grins, "Don't start what you can't finish." A point behind her forced Kendra to look over her shoulder to see the girls standing there hugging their pillows an blanket.
"How long have you been standing there?" Kendra turns red while Tony hold her hand over his erection. She hadn't even realized he was subjecting her to more rubs.
""Sorry Kendra...Mom."
"You girls need to learn to knock...and speak one at a time. Kind of eerie how you two share words so evenly."
"Sorry." They repeat, Rose clamping Becca's mouth to repeat alone "Sorry. We're just used to doing that."
Becca raises her hand to point at Tony using Kendra's hand. Seeing her Kendra follows Becca's fingertip directly down to Tony's stimulation. Becca mumbles beneath Rose's clasped palm, "That too." Luckily, in her shock Kendra couldn't interpret her daughter's admission. Only when Rose stomps on her sisters toes to shut her up did Kendra speak.
"Tony?" She expresses a beet red smile, "Stop."
"Nope." He winks as Kendra tilts her head scowling.
"Tony." She becomes more direct until he releases her hand. Patting his crotch Kendra removes it then sticks her tongue out at him. He enjoyed her mixed routine. Crawling off of his lap Kendra stands up and tugs her boy shorts back into a less revealing position. "Make your bed." She flutters both sets of fingers to encourage the twins. Tony sat up and repositioned himself with his back to the headboard. He knew this was going to be good.
Dropping their blanket to the carpet exposed the girls nightshirts. Their ever faithful DADDY'S GIRL shirts barely covered their thighs. In their adjusting the bedding they had to bend over. Becca's bare bottom mooned Tony, zero panties, only a tight shaved clam smiled back. Kendra hadn't noticed it due to her sheepish glances toward Tony. Too funny.
Rose waited until her Mother sat down on the mattress looking at Tony directly before posing with her night shirt held clear up to her neck. A full frontal treat without her Mom even noticing. Tony tried not to look but he managed glances. He loved those perky titties. Not wanting to be left out Becca did the same. No masking Tony's hard on growing. Kendra seemed more in tune with her own visual of his tent, smiling at it. In the second it took for Kendra to look back the girls lowered their shirts. Acting busy with the blanket gave Kendra inspiration to reach over and rub Tony's covered beast. Pretty naïve Kendra. She had to stop and shiver.
Standing up again she found the girls sitting on the blanket hugging their pillows. Their innocent eyes looking up like lost puppies. "Did you turn the lights out downstairs?"
"I'll double check." Tony gets up and steps behind Kendra holding her from behind. She certainly felt that erection over her bottom, eyes flaring as Tony nuzzles her neck and moves his hands around to caress Kendra's tummy beneath the camisole. Giggling she halted his hands from advancing to her breasts.
"Double check the lights not those." Ken shivered and turned in step to face him. Kissing him she whispers, "Behave. Go make your work calls."
"Maybe I can do that in the morning." He growls. Behind her vision Tony found both Rose and Becca laying back with their legs wide exposing their moist young cunts for his visual.
"Go. Cool off." She reacts with the necessity to control her own hormones. "The girls." She winces.
"You worry too much." He smirks then steps around her. The girls instantly sat up straight and hid behind the pillows to avoid Kendra catching on. Perfect angels Kendra thought a second time tonight. Once after Tony referred to them as just that.
"Excuse me ladies." Tony moves around them, "Get comfy. Be back in ten."
Leaving the bedroom Tony Desmond had to halt at the top of the staircase to consult his cock. Under his breath he chuckled, "We're gonna make this relationship work aren't we big guy?" His intention on all three women. His ego was pounding his chest like Tarzan. Heading downstairs he poured a drink of his sun tea from the pitcher and made his calls.
"Big Pete...did I wake you?" Tony speaks into his cell.
"Nope. Up watching reruns of Shameless. I figured you would touch base sometime this week. Before you ask I have it under control. Our guys are actually ahead of schedule on the Riley house. The Feldman property has the foundation laid. All up to code thus far. How's Ken holding up with her kids?"
"They're a handful." Tony chuckles, "More than two hands full."
"You're crazy Chief. I hope you know what you're doing."
"Wanna see what I'm doing?"
"Twisting my arm? I give. I give." Pete Holden laughs.
"Hang on." Tony sifts through his cell, before sending a well hidden picture of Rose and Becca nude masturbating to each side of him. Being a selfie it was more about the girls.
"Got it." Pete opens the picture and rally's a "SWEET JEHEEZUS. You can't tell them apart. You lucky bastard. I thought Ken was smokin' hot but daaaaamn."
"Mini Kendra's." Tony chuckles with a whisper.
"Gonna share the wealth?"
"Hadn't thought that far. Enjoying myself top priority. I know you won't betray me so for now just enjoy that pic. I'll take more. Maybe even video. I gotta be careful to cover my tracks though."
"I'll take the knowledge to my grave Buddy. Fat fuck that I am that's gonna be right after I jerk off ten times in a row over this pic when you hang up."
"You still need to be on the job by 8:00 AM. Zombie or not. I'll be by the site tomorrow. Maybe I'll bring the little princesses with me."
"Yummy. Lunch." Pete hopes to inspire his boss.
"We'll see. Right now I have Kendra waiting in bed and the twins acting scared and sleeping on the floor of our bedroom."
"Holy crap Brother. Don't ruin your relationship. Ken's a keeper."
"So are the girls. I think I'll keep them all." He hadn't even fancied the millions they could mean to him. Their inheritance further out than his lust.
"Good luck. Let me know when you're dropping by the Riley's project. I'll clean the plywood dinner table off."
"Night Pete. Don't keel over." Hanging up Tony grinned. This was just too much fun. Securing the picture in it's hidden email and deleting the message sent on his cell he finishes off his tea , checks the door locks, and shuts the lights off. "Time to see how far tonight goes."
Returning to the bedroom he eases the door open to find Kendra sitting on the floor with the girls.
"I miss anything?" Tony moves in sealing the door. As the women look up at him he removes his t-shirt and wads it up. All three women marveled at his musculature. Kendra bit her lower lips as the girls feigned embarrassment ever so slightly in their masquerade.
"We were just talking about their Father. Bambi just triggered something is all." Their Mother confided.
Rose and Becca scooted closer to one another shivering. Rose asking, "Why did you say trigger? Bambi's mom was shot dead." Tears developed again. Even Tony admired their Oscar winning performance. Kendra felt every tear.
"Oh, my babies. I didn't mean to..." Kendra shifts to her knees scooting toward them to hug them both. As her emotions cradled the girls her eyes closed. As if sensing it the girls tugged their night shirts up and let Tony see their bottoms. Evil wenches indeed. Smirking, Tony unzipped his jeans loudly. Hearing him Kendra popped her eyelids wide and stared up at Tony with a hint of an unheard, "What are you doing?" At least he had boxers on beneath the flapped jeans. He rolled his eyes at her and zipped back up, for now.
"Girls? We need to get some rest. Tony is going to turn the lights out now, so the two of you need to calm down. Lay back and cover up. Tomorrow everything will be better."
Sobbing the twins nod and settle back. Using their blanket to hide their shirts risen appeal they settle in on the carpet. Once outstretched Kendra leans over them and gives each a kiss on the forehead. In her all fours position Tony admired his fiancée's perfect little ass, those boy shorts offering a shadowy crease between cheeks. The heart shaped crevice made him unzip his pants a second time. This time he lowered his pants past his boxers to taunt Kendra who peered up at him as the girls closed their eyes. He grinned at her mischievously as her eyes flared. This round Kendra delighted in his teasing. Giving her time to stand up Kendra shuffled back into bed and pulled their covers down. Teasing her man with her hands sliding down the back of her panties to palm her cheeks as he had earlier, she licked her lips.
Nodding with approval he glances down at the girls, Kendra couldn't even see her daughters at that angle. Both girls had cast their blanket aside and had their shirts up to their necks, touching themselves. With a finger to his lips toward Kendra he pointed at the girls and made an expression of them being asleep. As Kendra considered looking for herself Tony hit the light switch. Darkness hid the girls.
Standing by the heads of both girls he removed his pants and took his socks off leaving them where he stood. Kendra awaiting Tony slipped under the sheet and lay there trembling. She knew by the soft adventure of a belt buckle that he had removed his pants. That was just wrong she pondered, but let it go. The lights were out after all. Haunted further Kendra stares into the blackness and hears his boxers being taken off. Before she could react he launched his boxers at Kendra. Feeling their arrival on her chest she plucks them up dropping her jaw. Why was he being so bold under such conditions?
Picking his pants up he intentionally dropped his wallet on the floor. Hearing a whispered, "Crap." Kendra couldn't really see him beyond the mattress as he knelt to pick up the wallet. In his hidden crouch he let both girls kiss his dick's mushroom goodnight. Silent as a door mouse. Not lingering long he stood up and walked around Rose who caressed his calf to wish him well. Reaching his side of the bed he sat his clothing down and climbed in with Kendra. Quietly maneuvering he slid next to her beneath the sheets. She snuggled closer before whispering, "You're a very bad boy Mister Desmond."
"You haven't seen anything yet." He concurred on the same level of volume. His cock rock hard caresses her butt cheek as it slides along her crack. Something felt wrong. Where was Kendra's boy shorts? With a sigh she dangles her own removed panties over Tony's nose. "That's my girl." He inhaled her undies then set them aside.
"I'm trying." She tediously mumbled.
"I can see...feel that." Feeling her camisole he dedicates himself in coaxing her to take it off as well. After a deafening sigh she relents and lays naked next to him.
"So wrong Tony."
"So right." He kissed her, gripping her chin to maintain his intention. She devoured his lips without a second thought. It was just a matter of holding their breath and not making too much noise. Right? Her thoughts faded in favor of his kisses, caresses, light pinches to her peaking nipples. From her lips to her neck Kendra quivered at his journey. Feasting on her left breast he palmed the back of Tony's scalp. Her toes sliding sensually along his legs. As Tony's fingers found her pussy he introduced two digits and gently fingered her. She wanted to moan but withheld her voice. Only a soft exhale gave her away.
As his mouth moved between breasts he used his toes to drag the sheet and blanket from their bodies. Kendra trembled even hard as her flesh found cooler air. "Tony." She gasped in a near silent tone. He was insistent. The covers were entirely kicked off of them and mounded toward the foot of their bed. Removing his fingers he brought them up to let her mouth taste herself. As her lips sucked up his fingers Tony Desmond moved in for the kill. Nine inches located her pussy and ever so slowly plunged forth. Her back arched at the entry being so wonderful. "So wrong." She whimpered.
"Shhhh!" He quieted her with a kiss the second his fingers left her sensual lips. She complied as he moved in and out of her. Every tender gaze across her G-spot made her lightly moan into his mouth. Tony enjoyed her reactions immensely. Knowing he was going to succeed in fucking her right in the same room with her daughters less than seven feet away. The tenderness of his cocks penetrations was the key. Her trickling pussy the keyhole. Lost in her man Kendra Neal starved for his attention.
As did two beautiful teenagers on the floor. They were silently masturbating together. Trying to remain quiet as well. They had taken off their night shirts and were both totally nude in the darkness. As per Tony's earlier commands. They loved obeying him. Keeping quiet was hard for everyone in the room. Even the mattress wanted in on making noise.
"Tony...the springs."
"Could be louder. God I love you." He rallies her desires to meet his own.
"I love you too." She endures his thrusts as they quicken. At this intensity she was holding her mouth to avoid squeals of ecstasy. As she grew lost in herself Tony stretched out further using his feet to press down over their blankets. The girls hearing his shuffle of covers topped playing and looked at each other in the shadows. Creeping silently to their knees they focus on Tony's feet. Rose taking the lead leaned carefully over his left foot an crushed her tits around it. Becca moving in to do the same to his right foot. With their eyes adjusted to the dark they could see his thrusting hips, their Mother's feet clinging to his exterior thighs. They grew jealous.
Rose dares to run her palm up Tony's calf. Becca follows suit. He didn't acknowledge their touch. He needed to keep Kendra from realizing the girls were toying with him. Kissing her kept her at bay. Pouting, both girls wanted more attention than they were getting. The question was, how do they get it and not piss Tony off?
Rose gets Becca's attention and they retreat to the floor. Soft ideas led to inactivity. Tony was just as happy spending every breath on their Mother. It was not going to go as planned. The twins were too needy. Mom was not going to get all of his attention.
On the count of three Rose mumbles loudly, "NO DADDY. DON'T LEAVE US." Her words instantly attack the ears of Kendra who pauses Tony's insertions to listen. He growls and defies Kendra fucking her more.
"Shhhh! Rose be quiet." Becca adds whispering.
As if waking up screaming Rose jumps to her feet and fumbles in the darkness. Tony maintained his course even as Kendra felt empathy. Before she could order Tony to stop Rose crawls into bed beside them and snuggles next to her Mother weeping. She had put her shirt back on but was not stressed over keeping her lower half hidden in the dark.
Kendra froze not knowing how to cope with this particular situation. Tony was not stopping his inserting beast. In the darkness Tony reached out and touched Rose between her legs from behind finding her hole to finger it. Rose reacted by clinging harder to Kendra sobbing, "I'm sorry Mom. I miss Daddy so much."
"I know you do." Kendra closes her eyes and buries Rose's face into her to avoid her seeing Tony continue thrusting. Not even Kendra's feet tapping him stopped him. In her indecision Becca threw herself next to Kendra and hugged her arm tight as if restraining her. Kendra bulged her eyes and knew enough was enough. "TONY! THE GIRLS."
"So close." He muttered, breathing heavily. "Another minute."
"TONY!" She raised her voice. In the second it took for her to corrupt his identity, Tony Desmond nutted inside Kendra right in front of the girls. Kendra reacted with a tensing of thighs and a soft, "Oh my God." He pulls out allowing Kendra to feel a sudden shot of jizz pelt her lower belly. The awe of it all froze Kendra like an iceberg.
"FUCK!" Tony feigned realization and crawled from bed. His cum dripping over Becca's leg as her knee moved closer in holding her Mom. "SHIT! SHIT! SHIT!" He searched for his pants trying not to laugh. Kendra hadn't even witnessed Becca wipe her leg and sample Tony's creaminess.
Pulling his pants up he hurries to pull the blankets up from the foot of the bed and cover Kendra as best he could. Tucking it around her contours. Kendra now cloaked felt embarrassed beyond belief but better now that her girls couldn't see her naked.
"Turning the lights on.' Tony blinded them. The girls merely hid their faces whimpering.
As Kendra consoled her daughters Tony scratched his head trying to appear understanding. Kendra shot glances of concern that led to disappointment. There was no way the girls didn't know that she and Tony were fucking. The evidence was everywhere.
"Girls? GIRLS!" Kendra raised her voice. "Enough blubbering. I love you, but go back to your bedroom."
"So you and Tony can..." Becca pouts.
"Get some sleep."
"I don't want to be alone." Rose sighs pleading.
After a moment to think Kendra looks o Tony, "Sofa?"
"Seriously?" He winces.
"Just for tonight."
"Alriiiight!" He exhales and turns to the door.
"What's all this wetness?" Becca breaks the tension.
"FUCK IT!" Tony returns loudly, "YOU BUSTED US. YOUR MOM AND I WERE HAVING SEX."
Both girls dropped their jaws and bulged their eyes toward Kendra.
"Is this?" Becca holds up a wet palm.
"Christ. Go wash your hands." Tony grumbles.
Smelling her hand Becca finds her Mother swatting her, "You heard Tony. Go wash your hands. GO!" Becca crawls out slowly monitoring her shirts reveal to safely shy away. Walking toward Tony she flicks her tongue at him playfully then steps around him to open the door. Once outside she licks her palm and dances in step. "I DON'T HEAR WATER RUNNING." Kendra bellowed. In seconds a faucet was heard.
Turning her attention to Rose, Kendra wipes strands of hair from her eyes. "I'm sorry you had to hear that."
"It's okay. It's not like we don't know you have sex. We hear you two every night." Rose sighs, her chin on Kendra's covered breast. The closeness the girls were offering of late made Kendra feel like a Mother again after fourteen years.
"I'm not going to be quiet every time we have sex Ken. Don't even ask." Tony scowls.
"I'm not asking. I'm just saying we need to be less vocal."
"You don't have to be quiet because of us Mom." Rose looks up at Kendra with a pout, "I'm sure you hear Becca and I when we play with ourselves."
"What?" Kendra holds her chest and her breath.
Becca enters drying her hands on a hand towel. "We're adults too Mom. We know what the birds and the bees are. Even if we don't...have a boy...man." She shuts up as Tony turns away acting as if he shouldn't be hearing this. "Sorry Tony. We're not going to lie we touch ourselves."
"TMI." Tony rallies for Kendra's benefit.
"I...I've never once heard you girls. You're right you are adults. I can't stop what's required in your time of need."
"LALALALA!" Tony holds his ears chanting. The girls giggled at his act.
"I hope we're not embarrassing you Tony." Rose lifts away from Kendra to sit up and hold her shirt down between her legs. "I didn't mean to wake up screaming and ruin our..."
"His time wasn't ruined." Kendra cleared her throat still feeling his leftovers on her belly beneath the blanket. "No more of this talk. We can discuss this in the morning. 12 hours of work tomorrow girls. Grab your blankets and do your best to sleep in your own room."
Rose stands and meets Becca in picking up their blankets and pillows. Again, they moon Tony. Once aloft they carry their things out. Tony swiftly shutting the door. The second it latched Kendra kicked off the covers and wiped cum from her belly. Licking her own fingers she eyes Tony devilishly.
"Unfinished business Desmond. My turn." Her legs go wide and she reaches both hands in between her thighs prying her pussy wide. "Turn that light out."
"Yeah I'm pretty tired." He winks as the room goes black. A zipping noise and the jingle of a belt escaping him, he hurls himself on to the bed. There would be no further whispers. Kendra let it all out. For thirty minutes straight Kendra screamed and yelped.
The girls were still jealous.
Rubber Daddy it was.
That went well.