I think this is pretty good as a stand-alone, but if you would like more context about Charley and John's relationship, check out previous chapters. As always, comments and emails are very much appreciated. I'm also active in the forums if you prefer to reach out there.
###
The jazzy blasts of brass instruments matched the chaotic energy of Dr. and Mrs. Mayweather's New Year's Eve masquerade ball. Cathy Macauly led a group of drunken youths in an erratic, bouncy bop on the dance floor, tendrils of frizzy hair slipping from her elaborate coif and sticking to her sweaty face. Her ill-fitting black ball gown kept twisting and bunching around her skinny frame and she would have to stop and pull it back. It would have driven me insane, but Cathy didn't seem to mind, her joyful exuberance radiating from her like a beacon.
Danny Carver handed me a champagne flute, the happy, bubbly liquid sweet and crisp on my tongue. "I have an office set up for me downtown at the main building. It's got my name on the door and everything."
Ever since the whole Thanksgiving fiasco, my uncle, Edward, and his wife, Margaret, had been trying to set me up with young men from wealthy families. They were all very nice, but none of them were John, and I was getting very impatient with their matchmaking.
"You should see the view of the city from my window. It's breathtaking," said Danny.
"Breathtaking?" Danny was nice-looking and polite, but he only talked about himself and his money. And by "his" money, he really meant his father's money. Worst of all, I suspected he had no imagination. No interest in anything beyond what he could perceive with his senses.
"Oh, yes. I have a magnificent view of downtown from my office window."
"You said that already, Dan." I downed the rest of my champagne.
"I thought you couldn't hear me over the music," he said.
I glanced around the crowded ballroom, desperately trying to make eye contact with someone kind enough to come rescue me from that silly boy. The Mayweathers had impeccable taste. Rose gold and silver balloons and linens, and soft lighting gave the room a warm, cozy feeling. Men in dark waistcoats and slicked-back hair carried polished silver trays bearing drinks and finger foods maneuvered through the drunken masses with a grace that would make an aspiring fourteen-year-old ballerina burn with envy. They were the only people not wearing black masks.
Aunt Margaret's braying laughter rose over the din of the party like a fog-horn. I put my empty flute on a passing waiter's tray and grimaced as she gripped Donald Morgan's arm and leaned against him, her maskless face flushed with drink. Uncle Edward put his arm around her and pulled her away, winking at me over the rim of his whiskey glass. Danny Carver was their idea. They would be no help to me.
A pale young man threw his arms around Cathy and lifted her high into the air, spinning her around in a slow circle. She laughed and threw her arms out like she was in a movie, leaning back until the man lost his balance and fell on top of her. Their raucous laughter as their friends pulled them to their feet made me chuckle, Cathy's dress a tangled mess about her legs and torso. Two of her girlfriends helped her pull it back into place.
"What was she thinking when she decided on that dress?" Danny pulled his mask from his face, a string of elastic anchoring the cheap costume accessory to his head, wiping away the sweat under his eyes.
My own plastic black mask was hot against my skin, but I resisted the temptation to yank it away from my head for fear of melted makeup running down my cheeks. "What do you mean? I think she looks nice."
He snorted. "You don't mean that. She doesn't have the right body type for it. I know her little sister Mary has an acid tongue. I can't believe she didn't tell Cathy she looks like a scrawny girl playing dress up in her mother's clothing."
"That's mean. And I do think she looks nice. No one here is having a better time than she is and I think that's swell." I turned on my heels and stalked off to find another drink, done with pretending to like him.
He didn't follow me, so I didn't have to go far before stopping a waiter with a tray of champagne. "Sir, may I please have one of those?"
He stopped with a nod and a smile, holding out the tray. A pretty blonde girl in a strapless, black satin ball gown and a white mink scarf about her shoulders stepped out of the crowd and took a champagne flute with a black-gloved hand, a vacant smile on her face. "Charley Donovan. God, I haven't seen you since graduation."
I thanked the waiter and took a big drink, liking champagne more and more with every glass. "Has it been that long? How have you been, Abby?"
"Oh, I've been alright. Just taking care of my grandmother up in Connecticut. She went to stay with my uncle and his family for the holidays so here I am back in Philly. This is some party, huh? I've never been to masquerade. Won't it be something when we all take them off at midnight and throw them in the air?" She talked fast and her pupils were like dark pinpricks in her pale eyes.
"I'm sure it will. I guess there was some kind of wild masquerade in Venice, Italy two Septembers ago and people have been trying to emulate it ever since. I'm sure they wore finer masks than these, but the decorations here are very nice. Very warm," I said.
She laughed wildly, spilling her drink on her dress without noticing.
I debated on whether it would be kinder to tell her or to pretend I hadn't seen it when she said, "You're so smart, Charley. And nice. You were always so nice in school. It used to piss me off something awful."
"Why?" I no longer cared about being polite.
"Because I thought it was bullshit that one girl could be so pretty, and so smart, and still be so nice all the time. All the boys were simply crazy about you. I honestly hated your guts." She stared off into space, pulling at a silky thread hanging from her left thumb.
"Oh."
She laughed again. "See? If I were you and you were you, I'd have told me to go fuck yourself."
I couldn't help but laugh along with her.
"I feel bad about not liking you. We honestly should've been friends." She knocked back the rest of her champagne.
"We still could be."
She smiled. "No. I think I'm going stay up in Bridgeport. There's a young mathematics professor in New Haven that wants to marry me and I think I might do it. I was going to wait til after my grandma died so I can keep taking care of her, but she told me she wants to see me get married."
"That's actually very sweet," I said.
"Isn't it?"
I took another big drink, a tap on my elbow making me jump, champagne burning the back of my throat when I swallowed.
An elderly waiter with a milky left eye held out a glass of whiskey on a small platter, the amber liquid mysterious like a magic potion. He pointed his thumb at the bar behind him. "That man over there sent you this."
The man in question was very handsome in a black tux that fit his broad shoulders perfectly, blonde hair golden in the soft light. John Corrigan pulled his mask away from his face, the skin around his eyes red and puffy.
I laughed as wildly as Abby, who looked over at the bar to see what was so funny.
John held up a glass of his own.
I took mine with a nod to the waiter. "Thank you."
He walked off without a word.
I raised my glass and he drank his in a single swallow, his eyes never leaving mine. I followed suit, making every conscious effort not to choke.
John shook with laugher, setting his mask down over his face and holding a finger over his lips.
Abby smiled, looking back to me. "Is that your fella?"
I blinked away tears, the burning in my chest fading to a pleasant warmth. "Yeah."
"Well, don't just stand there, go talk to him." She gave me a playful slap on the shoulder and walked away.
"Will you be in town for a while?" I called after her.
She looked back over her shoulder. "Til the third."
"I'll call over to your house on the second. Maybe we can go get lunch or something."
"Oh, I'd love that, Charley." She turned away, hurrying after a passing waiter.
When I looked back at the bar, John was gone.
Somewhere during the evening, that party had turned into something chaotic. Feral energy filled the grand room, jerking in time with the choppy music. I wove through the crowd, pretending I was at a bacchanal, stopping to wave at a man with dark curly hair and a scraggly beard. I almost stopped to chat, but managed to stop myself, thinking he might be offended if I told him he looked like a satyr. Mr. Mayweather smoked a cigar at the top of a grand staircase, resting a hand on his belly as he laughed deeply. He was certainly fat enough to be Bacchus.
"Oh, my God, Charley's here! Come here, Charley!"
Mrs. Albrecht's pinched face was as pink as the shrimp waiters carried around on their silver platters, tails curling over the rims of cocktail glasses filled with ice like some kind of cruel mockery of their lives under the sea. She waved me toward a group of her equally intoxicated friends, her mask resting on the top of her head and her pretty green eyes sliding in and out of focus as I approached.
She threw her arms out and I was altered enough to walk into a tight embrace. "My sons will be tickled pink that I saw you here. They're at my sister's with their cousins for a children's New Year's Eve Party, probably all sugared up while they wrestle in the basement. I told my sister she was mad for having them all in her house at once, but she loves the chaos for some reason." She turned toward her friends, pressing her sweaty cheek against mine, her flowery perfume making me nauseous. "This is Charley Donovan. Ed and Marge's niece. She babysits for me."
I squirmed away from her, shrugging. "Well, I think that actually sounds like a lot of fun. Darry, Matt, and Nick can get rough, but it's so cute how much thought they put into their pretend games. Why, last time I watched them for you and Mr. Albrecht, they were playing pirates and Nick said-"
"You talk about my sons like they're nice boys." She threw her head back and laughed, her friends joining in.
"They are nice boys," I blurted, confused by her strange statement.
She punctuated her laughter with an odd stomp of her foot against the tile floor, the sharp click of her heel faint beneath the music and the garble of drunken revelry. "You can say a lot of things about my sons, but 'nice' isn't one of them."
"Who's fault is that?" asked a woman with a king's ransom of diamonds around her neck.
I opened my mouth to ask her if her necklace was a Christmas present, but Mrs. Albrecht laughed again. "Mine. I'm a terrible mother."
All of her friends except for the woman with the necklace were sympathetic, hushing and cooing at her. Phrases like, "Boys will be boys" and "They'll grow out of it" were thrown around like they meant something.
She silenced them with a wave of her gloved hand. "I never should have married, let alone had children. Don't have children, Charley. Stay young and beautiful forever."
Once again, I found myself desperately glazing around the room for a savior, John nowhere to be seen.
"I don't think we've met, but I know your uncle. I used to play with him and your mother when we were children." Black eye makeup had oozed out from under the bottom of a rail-thin brunette's mask. "Belinda Cafferty." She offered me her hand, launching into a series of questions about babysitting.
I answered them all as best as I could, the champagne-whiskey combo making my tongue thick and my head heavy. Mrs. Albrecht introduced me to all of her friends, who's names I forgot as soon as she said them. One of them dug through a tiny pocketbook for a pen and a piece of paper to write down my phone number when a grinning man with wispy gray hair broke up the gaggle of drunken women with a roar, scooping one of them up in his arms, her delighted shrieks piercing my ears. "Here comes the Big Bad Wolf to eat up all the hens!"
I slipped away into the crowd, brushing past a pair of men arguing about the Philadelphia 76ers an inch from each other's faces. John grinned at me from along the back wall and my heart leapt into my throat. He must've seen something in my face because he held a finger over his lips and moved into the little hallway that led to the bathrooms and coat room.
I hurried after him, dodging waiters and my grandma's friend, Mrs. Dorothy Kitteridge. I told her I'd come find her after I powered my nose. If word got back to my grandma that I snubbed her lifelong friend, there'd be hell to pay. John leaned against the entryway, crossing his arms over his broad chest as he watched me approach, a bored Apollo come down from Olympus to mingle with drunken humans at his brother's party. If we were lucky, Apollo would bless us with his lyre and Bacchus his flute.
Weeks worth of agony and longing surged through me, the joy of seeing him again mixing with the fear of another long absence. I lifted my floor-length skirts over my ankles so I could get to him before he disappeared again.
Danny Carver appeared out of the crowd, stepping directly in front me, grabbing my arms when I couldn't stop quickly enough. "You were right about what I said. That was petty. I'm sorry, Charley. I'm not a petty person, I-"
"Look out, Dan. I'm about to piss myself. Too much champagne." His face twisted with shock and I wrenched away from him as John moved into the hallway. I hurried after, noting his black leather shoe heel as he slipped inside the coatroom.
A naked bulb burned overhead, casting weak light over the racks upon racks of expensive coats. The scent of mothballs, expensive cologne, and tobacco smoke was heavy in the air, their particles swirling about each other, coming together to create a toxic death cloud of old age and bad taste.
I turned around in a complete circle, giggling in confusion. "John?" I had seen him go in there. I was sure of it.
Something rough and warm clapped over my mouth, pulling me into something hard. "Gotcha!"
Hangers clattered against the rack and coats fell to the floor as John yanked me back into the dark space behind the rows of winter apparel. I ripped away from him, stumbling into the wall with a thud, panting as my heart threatened to explode.
He laughed. "Did I scare you?"
I shrugged, moving closer so I could embrace him, resting my head against his chest. "Only for a moment."
He pressed his cheek against the top of my head, rubbing my bare arms with strong hands. Neither of us spoke, content just enjoy the press of our bodies against each other.
"I've missed you, John. I'm so happy to see you," I smiled up at him, giddy with drink.
He kissed the tip of my nose, tucking my head beneath his chin. "You better be. I snuck into this fancy affair just to see you. I'm sorry I didn't come to Thanksgiving. I-"
"Oh, I don't want to talk about that. My grandmother told me all about what happened. But I am curious to hear why you never tried my bedroom window again," I said.
"What did she tell you?"
"That you went to my uncle to ask if you could take me out on a date and he said no and uninvited you to Thanksgiving. I was so sad."
He held me close, his fingertips tracing swirly patterns over the back of my neck and shoulders, the tickling sensation pleasant. "Did she tell you what he said to me?"
"No."
"That you deserve better than a maimed soldier with nothing to him but a good name." His pulse pumped along with the rising and falling of his chest.
I turned my head to kiss his throat. "Don't worry about what my uncle says. My opinion's the only one that matters and I'm crazy about you."
"Even though I don't have any money?"
"I don't have any money, either. I've lived off the charity of others since my mother killed herself and my father left me and my brother on our grandparent's doorstep all those years ago. Besides that, I don't like these high society types. All they do all day is sit around all self-important and invent reasons to be miserable instead of going out and doing something useful," I said.
He gripped my arms and pushed me back so he could kiss me. "You look so beautiful. If Pennsylvania were a kingdom, you would be its princess."
I laughed. He may have been a romantic at heart, but John was no poet.
He kissed me again, this time pulling me tight against him. He slid his tongue into my mouth and I let myself get lost in the warm passion of his embrace, his caress making me melt into him.
He broke away. "I missed you, Charley. You'll never understand how badly I need you."
"How come you never tried to come and see me?"
"Your uncle sent me up to New York."
I kissed him softly. "That bastard."
He chuckled. "Lucky for us, I know a few of the waiters. I slipped one a twenty to sneak me in through the kitchen."
"You know, I don't like where this is going."
"What do you mean?"
"Romeo snuck into a masked party and he and Juliet fell madly in love with one another and look how it worked out for them," I said.
He shook his head. "Romeo and Juliet were silly children. We're silly adults who know better."
I laughed, reaching up to pull John's mask away, the red, puffy skin around his eyes making him look deranged. I pressed my gloved hand over my mouth to stifle my laughter. "Oh, god, that looks terrible. Does it itch?"
He scowled. "Its this stupid mask. Who's idea were these?"
I laughed harder. "You must be allergic to it or something. Come on, the bathroom is close. We can wash your face."
"I don't want to wash my face." He took my hand in his, running his fingers over the smooth silkiness of my elbow-length gloves. "I want to feel your gloved hand on my cock."
It could have been the alcohol or it could've been the fact that I was desperate for physical contact after spending weeks at home alone in my bedroom with my fingers on my clit, but I gripped his soft cock and balls through the fabric of his suit pants, eliciting a sexy groan from deep within his chest. "How long will it take to warm up your car?"
He shook his head, tightly squeezing my wrist. "I want to fool around with you in this coatroom while your uncle and his fancy friends schmooze and sip their expensive whiskey. It'll be so hot. So naughty."
Revulsion and exhilaration warred within me, the thought of engaging in erotic activity while a throng of drunken revelers partied beneath soft electric light in another room titillating. It would've been so very Greek or Roman of me to engage in such a hedonistic display of public exhibitionism. I swallowed, attributing my recklessness to all the booze I had consumed. "But what if someone saw us? I would die of shame."
"It's just after eleven. No one will be needing their coat for hours. And they wouldn't be able to see us behind all these coats." He kissed me. "It'll be our dirty, sexy little secret."
It was suddenly very hot and wicked desire surged through my core, my clit swelling from tucked away inside my pussy lips. I rubbed him through his pants and he slid one hand to my backside and one just beneath my shoulder blades, pulling me close for a deep kiss. I moaned when he sucked my tongue into his mouth, resting my hand against his scarred cheek.
Maimed. My uncle didn't know what he was talking about. John was a hero, a liberator who stormed the beaches of Normandy and helped drive the Nazis out of France. My John didn't need money to be great.
He backed against the wall, breathing hard as he fumbled with his belt. "You're a dirty girl, Charley. Who knew?"
I bit my lip, annoyed even though he was only teasing me. "You love it."
He grinned, face and neck flushed with lust. "Damn right I do." His belt jingled in the dim space as he untucked his shirt.
I slid my gloved hands down the front of his underwear and he gasped, eyes wide as I freed his cock and balls from the confines of his underwear.
"Charley."
I kissed him, stroking the length of his stiffening cock. I couldn't get a good grip, his member slipping from my silky grasp as I worked him into a full hard on. I wanted to feel the smooth warmth of his cock against my bare palm, but John was clearly enjoying himself, gasping and grunting along as I pumped my hand up and down. The wide-eyed reverence in his expression made me feel powerful and supremely sexy, rushes of wetness soaking my panties beneath my tights.
"You're so sexy." He rubbed my bare arms, working his way up to my shoulders, pushing me onto my knees. "Your dainty hands feel so good on my cock, but your wet mouth will feel even better."
All of Alice's advice came roaring back to me.
I pushed him against the wall, one hand on his hip and the other guiding his uncut cock into my mouth, sliding my tongue under his foreskin as our eyes met.
He threw his head back, shuddering, his fingers gripping the back of my head and pushing his cock toward my throat. "Charley!"
As soon as it bushed the back of my throat, the muscles contracted hard, making me gag and jerk back, but John held me in place, his fingers tearing at the roots of my hair. He withdrew until the head of his cock rested against my tongue, the familiar bitter flavor making me wet.
He cupped my cheek.
I opened my eyes and he smiled, saying, "Slow down, baby girl."
I knocked his hand away and spat him out. "You pushed m-"
He shoved the tip back in and gripped the back of my head. "You so pretty, Charley. Be a good girl and enjoy yourself while you suck my cock."
Shame damped the lust that burned through me, making my pussy and clit throb with want of release. At that moment, I wanted nothing more in the entire world than to be John's good girl, as silly as it was. I slid my tongue back underneath his foreskin, this time swirling my tongue around the tip like Alice had suggested.
"Fuck," he hissed.
I wrapped my hand around his shaft, stroking him up and down while I worked the tip, slowly finding a steady rhythm.
"Look at me," he said, breathless.
His other hand rested against the wall as he stared down, the bewildered expression on his face letting me know who was really in control. "You're so fucking dirty. You're a dirty girl, Charley. The little princess sneaking off from the party to suck her true master's cock. Right under her uncle's nose. Have you no shame?"
Oh, I did. My lust had won out, but shame hissed ugly words in the back of my mind, promising me that I would hate myself when I woke up tomorrow morning. Pre-cum began to seep from the tip of his cock and I pulled away to stare up into his eyes, swallowing the precursor to what I hoped was a huge load.
He groaned, stroking the outline of my cheekbone with his thumb.
I licked and sucked at his foreskin, panic creeping into my thoughts. I didn't know what to do next. I had done everything Alice had said, but John still hadn't come yet.
"How far can you take me?"
I pulled him from my lips and kissed halfway down his shaft before he pulled me back up. "Take it as far in your mouth as you can. Show me what dirty little girl you are."
I kissed the tip of his cock, teasing the slit when something banged into the door. I gagged trying to pull away so fast and he yanked me to my feet, holding me tight against him. His big, wet cock pressed hard into my stomach.
The squeak of the doorknob was the loudest thing I had ever heard in my life. I held my breath, heart pounding as two people stumbled inside, laughing.
"Pull it out, then. I want to see this big Italian cock," said a woman's voice.
A metal clinking was followed by a quick tug of a zipper and then a chuckle.
"You didn't believe me, did you?" said a young man.
Fabric rustled and then the man grunted.
"I figured you were big, but I thought you might just be exaggerating," said the woman.
"No, ma'am. There's the proof."
The hangers rattled and the thunk of heavy coats falling to the floor made me cling to John even tighter. It had never occurred to either of us that other people might want to fool around in the coatroom. If I hadn't been so terrified, I would've laughed.
Something solid landed on the floor and the man gasped, groaning, "Oh, yeah, suck my fucking dick."
Wet smacking and slurping were punctuated by throaty, "You like that, baby," and "Oh, yeah, you suck me so good," over and over again.
My fear subsided and my own desire returned in full force. John and I were strangely connected to the other couple at that moment. We were just four lost souls, pleasuring each other in a dim coatroom at a terrible party. What a way to close out 1951.
I looked up at John to see what he thought of this hilarious predicament we found ourselves in. He clenched his jaw so hard I feared his teeth would break. I kissed him on the jaw and something sparked between us. I knelt, staring up into his eyes as I guided his cock back into my mouth, pumping his shaft as I teased the head of his cock with my tongue.
He threw his head back but managed to keep quiet.
The young man's breathing became more erratic and his cries more appreciative as we carried on. "Oh, god. You're so good at sucking cock. You're angel. A sweet fucking angel of God." He shuddered, moaning loud enough to make me glace through a gap between a fur and a leather coat to witness such divine skill.
Mrs. Albrecht winked at me, her pale eyes bright with mischief, massaging a pair of hairy thighs while she pumped a fat cock in and out of her mouth.
I paused for only a moment, picking up the pace all over again so John wouldn't find out we'd been spotted. I tore my eyes away from hers and relief surged through me because his eyes were closed as I bobbed up and down on his veiny cock.
My gaze darted back to Mrs. Albrecht's and she held up her index finger, slipping it inside her mouth as she sucked on her beau's cock. With her eyes still on mine, she reached under his balls and in between his legs, her hand disappearing from view.
A moment later, the Italian groaned, "What the fuck?"
Mrs. Albrecht stared up at him, pulling away from his groin to grin. "You like my finger on your asshole?"
He groaned, his thighs shuddering.
I glanced up at John to see what he thought about such a thing and he had turned his head, trying to peer out at the scene before us, eyes wide and mouth hanging open as his chest heaved.
The young man yelled loud enough to make me jump and I turned back to stare into Mrs. Albercht's wild eyes. My bobbing up and down made the sharp plastic edge of my mask dig into the delicate skin beneath my eye, but I was suddenly grateful to have it. It was highly unlikely she could tell who I was, my face not only obscured by the mask, but the coats as well. It was truly bizarre to see me own depravity mirrored back at me, turning me on and humiliating me all the same time. I was a dirty girl. A dirty girl who got off on being dirty.
"Oh, fuck. Oh, Christ. I'm gonna fucking cum," grunted the young man.
Mrs. Albrecht closed her eyes and took him deep, all the way down to the base of his cock.
He cupped her cheeks and cried out, legs shaking and knees buckling as a powerful orgasm ravaged through his young body. My pussy and my clit ached harder than they ever had and I needed to come. I had never needed anything more in my entire life than I needed to come in that moment.
The young man wheezed, pushing Mrs. Albrecht away. She turned directly toward me and opened her mouth, a puddle of watery come bright against the darkness of her mouth. John's precum leaked out of the corners of my mouth and over my chin and I loved it. I was such a fucking slut.
She swallowed and wiped her mouth, turning to kiss the Italian's thighs before pushing herself to her feet and slipping out of the room. I pulled John from my mouth, my jaw aching.
He gripped my cheek and turned my face toward his, mouthing, "I'm so close."
The young man caught his breath and pulled up his pants, the rush of fabric and the clinking of metal soft in my ears. He cleared his throat, moving toward the door. The squeak of the doorknob was followed by the crash of brass and a roar of human speech.
"You two have fun." He pulled the door closed behind him.
John chuckled, thrusting his cock in my face. "Finish me."
I gripped him hard and shoved him toward my throat, choking and gagging while I pumped furiously at his shaft.
He tore at my scalp. "Oh, fuck. Charley." With a guttural snarl, a thick rope of come burst from him and coated the back of my throat. I couldn't swallow while he was in my mouth, so I continued bobbing and jerking while he filled my mouth, thick gobs of it spilling out over my chin.
When he finished, he pulled away from me and I swallowed some of it, trying not to gag.
He grabbed my chin, lifting my face toward his. "You dirty girl. You like that, didn't you?"
I opened my mouth to show him, swallowing when he moaned in pleasure.
"You're so sexy," he breathed, scooping up the spilled come with his fingers and feeding it to me.
I licked up every drop.
When he slumped against the wall, I rolled onto my back, my ball gown crinkling beneath me. I threw my legs out, one foot slamming into the wall while the other knocked a few coats down, and slid my gloved hand beneath my soaking panties with a moan.
"Charley." John dropped to his knees, moving forward to grab my thighs, his grip sending a jolt to my core.
The silky glove was incredible against my throbbing clit. Just as John slid his rough hands down my thighs, I arched my back, grunting and groaning my own pleasure into that coatroom, terrified and excited that someone else would hear me. All I knew was ecstasy, my body trembling and contracting along with it as it coursed through me.
John stared down at me as I bucked my hips, a smile on his lips. "My dirty girl. You liked that as much as I did. What am I gonna do with you?"
With a final sigh, my hand fell away and my mind reeled, John massaging the insides of my thighs while I returned to Earth. We rested together like that for a long time, neither speaking as we processed what just happened to us. Had I imagined the whole thing or had Mrs. Albrecht come in and processed to give a young Italian man with hairy legs and a huge cock the time of his life? From what I could tell, she put her finger up his ass.
John slid my panties back up over my hips, straightening my stockings before helping me sit up. "Come on. Let's get back out to the party."
I ran my fingers over my fancy updo, fretting over a few loose strands. There was nothing I could do except hope no one noticed. He pulled me to my feet and helped me smooth out my expensive, A-line skirt, kissing me softly before leading me back through the coats and out the door into the party.
"One minute! Goodbye, '51! You were great but '52 is here!"
I was indifferent to the chaos that swirled around me, lost in the aftermath of a powerful orgasm. Shame crept into the forefront of my thoughts, but I pushed it away, wanting to enjoy my man while I still had him. We wandered through the crowd, looking for a place to ring in the new year.
"Thirty seconds!"
He stopped and turned toward me, cupping my face and kissing the tip of my nose. I laughed and rested my hands over his, a declaration of love burning the inside of my mouth. I swallowed them, too afraid of what would happen if he didn't love me back.
"Ten! Nine!"
He wrapped his arms around me pulling me close against him as everyone around us counted down, champagne bottles popping and confetti falling from the ceiling as the the band bleated out the opening bars of "Auld Lang Syne" when the counting stopped. A chorus of "Happy New Year!" erupted all around us.
And then, in front of all of those high society people, red, puffy-eyed and maimed John Corrigan kissed me on the mouth. I made sure to kiss him back.