The phone rings on your desk, and you answer it smartly, reciting the usual office greeting. It's me on the other end. "How's work?" I ask.
"Fine." I hear the smile in your voice. You're thinking of what we did this morning. "How are you?"
"Great. Rock hard dick in my hand as we speak."
You laugh out loud. "Nice having your own office, huh?"
"The perks of a sympathetic boss," I say, smiling. "Hey, listen. You know why I'm calling don't you?"
You hesitate, rubbing your forehead. You feel your face reddening Outside your office, a hallway meeting is taking place, and three coworkers are in earshot. "Jamie....I....I can't right now."
"I didn't just hear that, did I?" I say patiently.
"There are people right outside my cube looking in at me." You say, twirling your hair the way you do when you're nervous.
"Come one." I say. "Do it. Do it now, or I'll make it two. Remember, I'll check when I pick you up from work, so you'd better do it."
"Jamie," you say, trying to reason with me.
"Okay.....now it's two." I say firmly. "And make sure you do it slowly. I want to hear you. I want to hear each one."
"Alright," you whisper. You scoot in close to your desk so no one can see, and then you open your legs, pulling your skirt up. You aren't wearing any panties, but a short string with a small ring on the end dangles down out of your ass. Lowering your head so no one can see, you take hold of the string and pull gently, and a small gasp escapes you as the first bead begins to emerge from your sweet pucker. Your nipples instantly come to attention, and you bite your lip, stifling a moan into a whimper.
"That's it," I say. "That's very good. Slowly." My voice is thick with lust, and you feel your pussy quiver as you slowly draw the bead out through your tight pucker.
Your breath catches as the widest part of the ball passes through your sphincter, and with a final tug and spasm of your asshole, the bead pops out as a soft "unh" escapes you. You look up at the conference outside your cube, but no one seems to have noticed. Your breathing is coming faster now.
"One more," I say. "Take your time, baby."
You'd gotten used to the fullness of the beads stuffed up inside you, but now the pressure is back, and you want to bear down and force them all out of you. You know you can't do that, especially here. You swallow and begin to pull again, your hand shaking, as you pant into the phone. Your pussy is tingling, now, with wanting. "That's good," I say. "Think about my hands while you do it, my hands on your body, holding your ass, moving over your back, massaging your breasts...."
You let the bead go back inside and whisper pantingly, "You're not going to make this easy, are you?"
"Do you want to make it three?"
You don't answer. You lower your head and bite your lip, drawing the string taut. You feel the wetness between your legs become a trickle as you begin to pull. As you draw the bead out, you gasp and whisper, "god you got me so wet...." The bead begins to emerge from your tight, pink asshole, as you listen to my breathing through the phone. You pussy clenches at nothing, sending another trickle down between your ass cheeks. The widest part of the bead spreads your asshole, and you moan softly as it pulls through your tingling asshole. As it pops out, another small grunt escapes you.
You let go of the string and hide your face with your hand, not daring to look if anyone has heard or seen. Together, we pant into the phone for a moment, recovering. "That was good," I say. "That was very good. I'll see you tonight, darling."
You smile to yourself. "Bye, Sir."
As you hang up the phone, you look up and see one of the other girls standing there with a sympathetic look on her face. "Are you okay, honey? Is everything alright?" You realize she thinks you've been crying on the phone.
"Oh yes, everything is fine."
"Guys can be so hard to deal with. It's like whenever there's a problem, we're just supposed to pull whatever they want out of our ass, you know?"
You nod. You're trying hard not to laugh.