All editing and revising done by ExperiencedStoryteller. Big thanks to him.
*****
...Monday came again.
"You were quite popular at the club on Saturday."
Gabbie said walking into Erin's room as she pulled a t-shirt on over her black and white bra. Erin had her nose in a book and was already ready for school.
"Have you figured out your mystery man?"
"Not yet and it's bugging me!"
Gabbie chuckled, tying her hair into a ponytail. She gently punched Erin's leg and the two left for their first class. The room was kinda empty, a small bug had spread among some of the students and some played it safe and stayed back in their dorms.
The class was called for a break at half an hour so Professor Kyle could take a smoke break. Gabbie moved to the back of the room where Erin sat and tapped her shoulder.
"Did you notice something off about Mr. Kyle today?"
"He's always antsy before his smoke break."
She turned the page of her book but Gabbie closed it gently over Erin's finger.
"That's not what I mean."
"I remember when we met you said you weren't the typical dumb hottie."
Gabbie rolled her eyes.
"Fine. You're right I'm probably being stupid. "
She looks out to see if anyone's coming and finding the halls empty she asked Erin if she'd be up for another visit to the club.
"Actually yeah, I've got a busy week and that sounds like the perfect stress reliever."
"Would you consider doing it with a guy?"
"Did you set me up?"
"No, but I told Mel I'd talk to my roommate about it. You've met him before. "
"For like a minute."
The class started to come back and Gabbie turned to a whisper.
"I'll bring him over sometime during the week, let you two talk."
Erin smirked and rolled her eyes. Gabbie smiled and headed back to her seat. True to her word Gabbie brought Mel over on Wednesday and he seemed to hit it off with Erin and she agreed to join him in a couples show.
Saturday came and Erin walked in behind Gabbie and her boyfriend. All three were dressed modestly in simple jeans and t-shirts. Not the sexiest outfits in the world, but Erin was saving it for Mel.
As they walked through the club talking, they noticed some of the same people came up to ask if the two would be performing tonight. Both answered yes and Erin looked around and saw him. She recognized the build and the slight peach fuzz on his face. He smiled at her and waved, she smiled and waved back.
The three continued through the club, picking up Mel along the way and headed into the performance area, both taking a couples room. The differences were simple, a bigger bed than the solo rooms, some closer cameras, a dresser full of toys and lubes and such. Mel picked up the welcome papers and scanned it over. Erin brushed against his back as she walked around him and stuck her finger under the switch to start the show.
"Ready?"
Mel nods with a smile and puts the paper down as she flicks the switch. Mel takes a seat on the bed and focuses on one of the cameras.
"So do we go about this as we usually would?"
Erin nodded and straddled him, turned his head and pressed her lips against his. The two made out as she started to dry hump him a little. He kissed her collarbone and neck as his hands explored her body.
He slowly pulled back and helped her pull her shirt off, revealing a lacy, thin black bra.
"Clothes don't do you justice Erin."
She smiled at the albeit cheesy line. He kissed the exposed part of her tit before kissing her nipple through the thin fabric sending a wave of pleasure through her body.
He kept kissing down her body, arm around her waist. He pulled away and look at the camera again. She turned his head gently.
"Don't worry, you'll get into it as we keep going."
Her smile calmed his nerves and he smiled back. She pulled his shirt off and kissed his chest. She sat back up, nipples hard and practically pushing through her bra. He cupped her left breast and slowly ran his finger over her nipple feeling through the fabric making Erin moan.
They made out again, his hand cupped her breast, her hands worked on his jeans. She rubbed the bulge in his boxers before lifting up a little, letting him push them off. She smirked and sat on the bed, undoing her jeans and pushing them off. She wore a lacy, skimpy pair of panties that match her bra.
They kissed again and he reached behind her and unhooked her bra with ease. She let it slide off and he rubbed her breasts and ran his finger over her erect nipples which caused her to moan again.
"You have like the softest hands Mel."
She giggled and he blushed with a shy smile as he continued to rub her body and panties. She rolled over onto all fours and he kneeled on the bed, sliding her panties off. He rubbed her wet pussy softly, kissing the back of her thighs. She moaned a little louder.
He kept a gentle grip on her ass as he started to lick her pussy slowly. She moaned as his tongue ran along her wet lips. He alternately sucked on them and her clit. Mel licked faster before stopping to finger her a little.
"Goddamn..."
Erin giggled, a heat of pleasure running through her body.
"I guess I'm doing ok?"
He gave her pussy a long kiss before gliding his tongue around her pussy slowly one last time. He pushed his boxers off and she rolled over onto her back to watch his rock hard cock spring out.
She spread her legs letting him guide his cock into her soaked pussy. She moaned as her pussy tightened around his thick cock. With his hands on her stomach, he started to fuck her, steadily but not slowly.
She moaned more and more. She raised her legs and wrapped them around his waist tight. Precum dropped onto the bed as he fucked her tight hole a little faster, making her moan louder and deeper.
His cock throbbed in her. She arched a little, moaning loud as he continued.
"I think I'm gonna cum..."
"... do you mind if I move your legs then?"
"Not at all."
He moved her legs to his shoulders and fucked as fast as he could. She moaned loud, arching off the bed, cumming hard.
"Don't stop! Fuck!"
He continued as her moans echoed through the room and she came again, harder, squirting.
"Oh my God."
With the bed and her thighs wet with her cum, he pulled out and shot a huge load onto her stomach and tits.
"Ohmyfuckinggod"
She smiled as he lay next to her panting, both of them sweaty. She motioned towards the light switch and he flicked it off. He opened one of the drawers and found tissues. The two cleaned off and left the performance area after a brief moment of rest.
...Still hot and a little sweaty, they met Sara and her bf out on the club floor. The four talked to people that came up to compliment them. Once the attention settled as more people came out of the performance area, Gabs' bf pulled Erin aside.
"Something wrong?"
"No, well maybe, I don't know."
Erin looks at him puzzled.
"The mystery man is definitely Professor Kyle. I'd recognize his voice anywhere."
His still lingering Tennessee accent was hard to mistake and Erin felt stupid for not putting the two together. Sara winked at Erin as she approached Kyle, dancing alone on the dance floor.
She taps him on the shoulder and begins to dance next to him to some club song.
"So what, did you enjoy the shows tonight?"
"Yeah. You and Ga-, that blonde are great. I'm glad you two keep coming here."
She smirked.
"Everyone is very respectful and nice. So are the comments on the site."
"You signed on for that?"
"Yeah my guy friend was a little hesitant but I talked him into it. The extra little money didn't hurt."
She giggled as the song ended. The crowd, including Erin and her professor, clapped. She looked off as Gab waved her over so the four could go grab dinner. She turned back to her dance partner.
"I gotta go. It was fun dancing with you."
"You too. I can't wait to see you in here again. "
"Thank you...I'll see you in class on Monday Kyle."
She ran over to her friends as he stood there blushing and trying to think of how to get through the next class...