Have you ever seen a truly gorgeous cock before? Not one that's just massive, or one that looks like it could split your insides open, or so thick that you can't get your mouth around it. Not one that's just got the perfect head, or lets out enough cum for you to bathe in. No, a really perfect cock, the kind that you've simply got to encounter to truly appreciate.
Alice had seen many different cocks before, of all sizes and shapes and colors. But in all her years, she had only ever seen one perfect cock. It was such a shame that it belonged to her son.
She hadn't meant to see it, of course. It never started out that way. Jacob was not the sort of son that would walk around naked, or try to show off his cock to just anybody, especially his mother. They had always been a normal, perfect family. Alice and her husband, Richard, had done well in raising him. He'd grown up just as they had always imagined him, as a tall, strong, independent young man who had an unwavering set of morals ingrained in him. She'd always been, and always would be, proud of who he had become. These days, he was the spitting image of his father, Richard, when they had been his age. Nowadays, Richard had his silver-dusted hair and beard shorn close to his face, but the resemblance was uncanny. Especially their voices.
Their voices were twins of each other, utterly and completely. Deep and warm and rich, like smoked wood in the winter or a good whiskey after a long day of work. In fact, it had been Richard's voice that she'd fallen in love with first. She'd been in the library, studying right before midterm season truly began, and had been reaching for a book on one of the higher shelves. She wasn't necessarily short, but definitely not tall, not rowing-team or basketball-team tall. On her toes, she had been one step away from climbing up the stacks and shelves themselves for that biochemistry textbook when a warm wall had hit her from behind, smelling of oud and amber and honey. When she turned around, she was met with a man in a sweater and jeans, reaching up for the book she wanted.
"Can I help you with that?"
Even now, twenty-three years later, that voice turned her knees weak and sent throbbing pulses into her pussy. Some sort of Pavlovian response to his voice, which was usually followed by his mouth and fingers and cock, had formed in her mind, making psychological connections between that voice and the mind-blowing orgasms and semen that came after. Richard's cock was almost perfect, as cocks came. It was uncut, the way she preferred it, and long enough that she needed a hand whenever she blew him, but it was not perfect. The head was a shade too light, and if she was being honest with herself, didn't drool precum the way she liked. It was a kink of hers, to watch a cock as it leaked and spurted precum for her and lick It up, or catch it in her fingers and use it to lube up her clit.
No, Richard's cock was not perfect, but it sure was close. It was the closest she had ever seen before, and she was damn sure not going to let something like that out of her sight. So she had fucked and sucked and then fucked it some more until, one day, a baby had popped out. Little Jacob.
Alice woke up from her reverie, startled at the sight of Jacob coming down the stairs. These days, he always woke up late, after Richard had left the house and gone to work. She had berated him for it once, but he had said something about circadian rhythm shifts of college students and how it was all normal. She'd never made that mistake again.
"Good morni- afternoon," she remarked, crossing her legs and picking up her glass of orange juice before sliding a now-cold slice of toast and jam at him. He crashed into the chair opposite her, hair still wet from his morning - afternoon - shower, dripping onto his shirt. It had grown slightly too small for him, but so had almost all the clothes he had left behind. She kept telling him to bring some home from his dorm room, but he didn't listen. He almost never did, these days.
"Thanks, mom," Jacob said, grabbing the slice and munching loudly. She her eyes lightheartedly and poured him a glass of orange juice.
"What're you up to today? Sun's shining, it's nice and hot outside," she said, sipping at her own glass. "Maybe you want to take a dip in the pool? I sure think I will."
"I don't know, Mom. Me and Chase were gonna go out to the movies tonight, catch up with some old friends?" He shrugged. "Been a long time since we've seen each other. Last summer I think. Might be nice to see some of the guys again."
"Time's really flying, huh?" She thought about her college days, and what she'd spent her days doing. "Can't believe it's been a year already since then."
"You're telling me." He sprang up, crushing the last bit of toast into his mouth, crumbs flying everywhere. He brushed them off his shirt before smoothing his hair and checking out his reflection in the side of his glass, then was flying out the door.
She shook her head, smiling. "Get back here and put your plate away!" she called through the already open door.
He was back in an instant, kissing her cheek, then out the door again. "Sorry Mom, gotta run! I'll make it up to you next time!"
Well, maybe not infallible morals, she thought to herself, as she gathered up the dishes and put them in the sink.
She headed back upstairs and slipped off her robe, standing naked on the landing. Ever since Jacob had come back for the summer, she'd had to be clothed most of the day. It wasn't something she was used to, but she made it work. As soon as he was gone, though, everything came straight off. Most days, she only wore a robe around the house, even with her son there. Before he went to college, she had forgotten what it felt like to feel nothing but air between her legs and along the tips of her breasts; after he'd left, she'd been able to go back to the way she'd been before she'd had him, naked as the day she was born. Even more naked, perhaps. Now, with him back in the house for the summer, she did her best to keep herself covered up for him.
Robe lying in a pile at the bottom of the stairs, she grabbed the sunscreen lying on her dresser and a few other things, then headed back down the stairs and out the back door, towards the pool. Their fences were tall enough that she wasn't too worried if anyone saw her, and even if they did, so what? A little nudity never hurt anyone. Well, maybe not a little, but Alice didn't mind at all. If anything, it turned her on a little bit, something that Richard was acutely aware of. He loved fucking her on this very pool chair.
She lay down on her back, spreading sunscreen liberally on all her exposed skin, starting at her face and down, across her neck. She spent maybe a little bit more time than she needed on her breasts, making large circles and squishing them together, making a squelching sound as the cream went into the valley between her sizable chest. She tweaked her nipples for a couple moments, letting them rise up high and hard into the air, right at the tips of her breasts, before letting her hands travel farther down her body and onto her stomach. Toned, taught skin over the faint lines of abs formed ridges and mountains that soaked up the cream and the sun, then lazily stroked the shadow of her hip bones and down towards her legs, where she made sure to cover them completely. Then, her job done, she lay back and closed her eyes.
The sun was beating down terribly harshly today, but it was not unwelcome. The sun itself was always nice to see, especially at the beginning of the summer, and her skin had lightened considerably over the winter. Her nipples had even gone slightly paler, from their normal pale cherry to a light pink, the color of school classroom erasers. Richard loved them all the same, but she liked them perfect for him.
The heat hit her hard, and she lay back, basking in its warmth. It was certainly a good day to be out sunbathing, wasn't it? The sun, the quiet and piece, no Jacob at home to give her tan lines. Perfect indeed. She let her hands trail over her, thinking about those days when Jacob had been gone. When Richard would come home to find her all splayed out and in heat herself, needing nothing but his body on top of hers, under hers,inhers. She drew her legs up, bending her knees and displaying herself to the sun, in just the way she liked to display herself to Richard while lying down on the floor of the main foyer and waiting for him to come home, being the first thing he saw when he opened the front door.
Alice wandered her hands all over her body, which somehow felt cold now, remembering their days of passionate, intense fucking, even in this heat. Her fingers whispered over her nipples, now really standing up, sending jolts through her body. Even now, her nipples made her body respond in ways she would never get tired of. Her fingers tightened over one nipple, crushing it hard, and she felt her pussy respond, her clit fattening over her hole, flushing her insides with wetness.
She cracked an eye open, looking to see if anyone was watching, but everything was silent. Everyone was probably at work, or inside away from the heat. She closed it again, throwing her head back now, one hand darting to her pussy. It was throbbing, pulsing with need. It had been at least a day since she had last masturbated, rubbing herself to an orgasm, which was, in all fairness, quite a long time for her. Richard had come home far too late for sex last night, even a quick ride on his cock and letting him spurt his seed deep in her pussy, which never failed to make her come, making it really a long while since her last orgasm, at least by her standards.
Her body felt it too, filling her pussy with wet, slick juice, coating her insides and overflowing, dripping down from her pussy and onto her asshole and the chair below. Richard always loved how wet she got, and the mess she made. He loved to clean up her messes with his tongue, drinking her as if she was water in the desert. He would even do it if he had come inside of her, licking up his own cum mixed with hers in a cocktail of sex and musk. The very thought almost made her orgasm.
Slowly, she dipped a finger into her pussy, rubbing it along her walls before lifting it out and coating her clit, giving it the unmistakable sheen of a horny Alice. She brought up the finger to her mouth, sucking the remnants of the juice from her fingers, making herself moan at the taste of her need on her hand. Her pussy puled again, and she gave in, bringing her hand back down and beginning to rub her clit slowly, the other hand still kneading and pinching her breasts. If anyone in the neighboring houses looked out their window, they would be able to see her entirely, from her tits to her stomach and down to her pussy and asshole, which lay invitingly wet between her legs.
She rubbed herself faster and faster, imagining what that would be like. What if Chris, their neighbor, was watching her right now, stroking his cock at the sight of her beautiful body shaking in the throes of orgasm? Or maybe Jim, spitting on his cock or letting it spurt into his pants as he imagined what her pussy would taste like, or what it would feel like to explode in her, filling her with wave after wave of hot, salty semen, then watch her scoop it out of her hole and feed it to herself. A thought flashed through her head, momentarily. What would Jacob do if he caught her out here like this?
Normally, that would have been enough to calm her down from the brink of orgasm, the weirdness of her thoughts stopping any notion of finishing, but today was different. Today, she was as horny as she had ever been, and nothing could stop her. She plunged her fingers into her pussy, faster and faster, too caught up in her orgasm to stop, no matter how lewd the thought of Jacob. She tried to shift to thinking about Richard, naked and standing in front of her, jerking off and covering her tits and face in his cum as she came for him, displayed for his pleasure. She was there, on the edge, about to fall over into orgasm. Just one more little touch to her clit -
A cough sounded from inside, and she immediately sat up and spun around, clutching her breasts. A man stood inside her house, his face bright red as he looked at her abashedly.
"I'm sorry - I... uh... the front door was open?" he said, motioning towards the door, which sat ajar behind him. "I thought you were expecting me? I can come back another time if you'd like." He seemed ashamed, but his eyes dipped to her chest, covered by her hand, and then lower, to where her legs were crossed. Naked.
She took a deep breath, looking at the symbol on the chest of his coveralls and the tools in his hand. "Plumber?" she said, looking at him.
He nodded, looking up at her face, then down at the ground when he realized that she'd caught him staring at her body. "Yeah, someone called about a leak in the second-floor bathroom?" He seemed nervous, rocking from side to side, still sneaking glances at her. It was endearing, almost. "He said that it was a pretty bad leak, but I can come back another time if now's bad?"
She shook her head and smiled, standing up. "Now's fine." Alice dropped her hand from where it covered her breasts, and she say his pupils dilate at the sight of her full breasts and screwed-up nipples point directly at him. His eyes roamed farther down, over flat stomach and naked vulva, her outer lips bare of any hair at all, growing large at the wetness dripping onto her thighs. Not the only thing growing large, she noticed. Smirking at his reaction, she walked over to where he stood, in the main foyer, and bent over at the foot of the stairs to pick up her robe, discarded there when she'd gone outside. She bent over, her tits hanging in front of her, and she knew that the plumber was staring at her ass. She wiggled it for his benefit, looking directly at his groin, where a noticeable bulge was growing. Not a small one either, she thought to herself.
She wiggled her ass for his benefit. She kept her pussy itself hidden from his gaze for now; might be nice to save some things for later. Besides, he'd just interrupted her orgasm. He deserved a little bit of teasing. She thought back to what she had been thinking about as she had fucked herself to orgasm. Now, the heat of desire gone from her body - although not completely; her pussy was still slick with her need - she wasn't sure how she felt about what she'd been thinking. Jacob, her little boy turned man, in a sexual fashion? She'd even been imagining what his cock felt like, tasted like, what her pussy would taste like as she licked his cock clean after he came in her. Horrible thoughts, things she'd never thought about before. But the throes of orgasm still covered her eyes, and Alice couldn't help but think her thoughts were not all that bad, not all that weird. She was, after all, simply a woman, and it wasn't like her son wasn't attractive. Maybe she was just thinking about Richard when he was Jacob's age, she told herself. But she knew it was a lie.
She finished tying her robe tight around her waist, and smiled back at the plumber. It barely went lower than her thighs, almost leaving her pussy exposed to the air. "Maybe a couple minutes later would have been great, but yeah, now's fine. What's your name?"
Her goods covered, the plumber seemed much more at ease, much more professional. "Will. Mr. Walker said the bathroom shower was leaking? He said it was pretty urgent."
Her eyebrows creased. "A leak? First I've ever heard about it. But Richard's probably right. You want to go take a look? It's the second door on the left." She pointed up the stairs.
"Thanks, Mrs. Walker," he said, picking up his toolbox and heading up the stairs.
"Please, just Alice," she called up after him. Discretely, she reached down and rubbed the robe between her thighs, soaking up her juices and cleaning herself. When she was sure that he wasn't looking, she brought it quickly to her face, inhaling her scent and licking it from the fabric. She closed her eyes and moaned slightly, a breathy sound that almost didn't even leave her lips. She opened her eyes to see Will staring. Not at her face, where her pussy was now on full display, the robes covering it currently being licked and sniffed by her. When he saw her eyes open, he all but ran up the stairs, busying himself in the main shower.
She laughed lightly.
The plumber went to work, and she followed him up to the bathroom. It was the second one on that floor, the first being Alice's own bathroom - the master bathroom. This one was only used by Jacob, and maybe Richard or Alice if one of them was taking too long in the shower. More often than not, they would simply shower together, but sometimes Richard was in a rush and didn't have the time to give Alice a second showerhead in the form of his pulsing cock, and would resort to using this bathroom.
As he went to work, Alice sat down on the edge of the counter, watching him work. He wasn't what she would normally consider attractive, at least in his face. Bushy eyebrows, a long jaw, most unlike the elegant, sharp sexiness that Richard exuded.
And Jacob, apparently.
But even so, there was something simplyhotabout watching a man at work. Straining biceps, tight ass as he squatted down to check the drainage pipes. Corded forearms working his tools. Wrenches - those types of tools, but she wouldn't have minded seeing him work his other tool either. She'd seen its shape through those coveralls earlier - at least the shape of its bulge. She wouldn't mind seeing it uncovered.
She shook her head, trying to clear it. "I'll be in the master bedroom if you need me," she said, hopping off the counter. He barely seemed to have heard her, too intent on his work. She walked over to her bed, flopping down on it, stretching out. She listened for the sounds of a plumber at work, and when she was satisfied, her hand stole to her nightstand, where she kept her array of toys for when Richard wasn't around to please her.
She pulled out her favorite dildo. It was the closest one she had found to Richard's own cock. The right size and girth and length, but there were some things that were different. Still, she'd take what she could get; if Richard's cock was a close second to perfect, then this was pretty much third place. She slipped it past her lips, sliding it into her mouth, tonguing it and lubing it up with her spit, before she pulled off her robe and teased her nipples with it, rubbing it in circles over them until they grew long and hard again. Then, she reached between her legs, rubbing it against her clit before thrusting it, inch by inch, into her body. Her ass lifted off the bed as she wriggled to get it in as far as she could, until its base was touching her lips and its fake balls were brushing against her ass and thighs. She sighed, sitting like that for a good minute, simply full to the brim.
Then, she started fucking herself. Really, really fucking herself. She smoothly moved the dildo in and out of her pussy, feeling it clench around the rim of the head and the veins crisscrossing all over it before plunging it back into herself, so smoothly it almost sucked itself back in. As it moved, more and more of her wet sticky juices spilled onto her thighs. She had always been very, very wet, to the point where they often needed a towel when she and Richard fucked. This time, she was too horny to think of a towel. She wanted to cum, and she wanted it now.
Then a loud, loud crash sounded from the bathroom. Orgasm on the edge, once again, but shocked out of it. She was getting annoyed with this.
"Will?" she called, panicked. Nothing but silence rang from the bathroom. She called again.
No answer.
She was beginning to get worried.
She called one more time, then sprang up and then ran to the bathroom.
Will stood in a cloud of plaster dust wafting down from the ceiling, facing away from her. His coveralls were, well, covered - but in more white dust, which still fell from a hole where the showerhead had stood. The entire wall was in pieces in the bathtub instead of where the tiles belonged, on the wall.
"Are you okay?" she asked.
The plumber answered without turning around. "There's a leak alright. The entire back of the wall is drenched. Whole thing will need to be replaced. It'll be costl-"
He turned around, and his mouth fell open. Alice stood there, absolutely naked, wetness covering her thighs. He'd seen her before, downstairs, but now she held a fat, thick dildo in her hand, still glistening with her juices. Her pussy gaped slightly at him, loosened up from the cock she had been stuffing into her cunt just before, her labia sticking to her thighs slightly.
Her mind was conflicted. On one hand, this was mortifyingly embarrassing. To be caught - not just once, buttwice ­, and by the same man? Not only naked, but masturbating both times, her own sweet sweet come stuck to her thighs and betraying her arousal? Her nipples hard and sticking out, bruised slightly from all her twisting? And then caught with one of her toys too?
The other side of her mind enjoyed the thrill. Enjoyed being caught, enjoyed being looked at sexually by someone that was essentially a stranger. Enjoyed knowing that someone else knew that she was fucking herself, that her cunt needed cock desperately. Enjoyed being naked in front of someone else, almost performing for them. From the bulge in his pants, she could tell that he enjoyed it too, even if he tried to act like he didn't.
She decided to stick with the second part of her mind. She let the dildo hang in her hand, making no move to hide it or the juice on it. In fact, she trailed her thumb along the base, letting him see the juices collected on it. His gaze darted between her fingers and the cock held between them, and her stretched out, wide open pussy.
She shifted her leg slightly, allowing him to see if better.
"Are you alright, though?" she asked him, hoping to grab his attention.
"Uhh, I'm - well..l - yeah," he trailed off, clearly not paying attention. Her nipples tightened as she saw what he was looking at.
She walked up to him and grabbed his hand. He jumped as if electrocuted, his other hand going to try and hide the bulge in his pants. He stammered, clearly trying to say something, but completely unable to.
"Come with me," she said, leading him out of the bathroom. He followed like a puppy after a bone. "We'll get you cleaned up."
She took him to the master bathroom, where the shower still worked. It was a shower large enough for four people, glass-walled on three sides; the kind that had multiple different shower heads and could be seen into from the rest of the bathroom easily, stood apart from the walls. The centerpiece of the bathroom. She led him into the bathroom proper and put her dildo down on the ground there, her juices still glistening on it. He stood in shock.
"Let's clean you up," she said again, gently holding his face with her hand. The one that had been holding the dildo. She put her thumb close enough to his nose that she was sure he could smell her cum, her pussy, on her hand, feel the imprint of her juices on his face.
His bulge grew even larger.
Slowly, she unhooked his coveralls, peeling them down. She let the plaster dust fall all around them and onto her, onto the floor, where it was washed away by the water she had turned on. She peeled them down as far as she could, shuffling them down to his feet. Underneath, he wore a shirt and shorts, which did nothing to hide his erection. She took his shirt off first, raising his arms above his head and sliding it off. She had to go up onto her tiptoes to reach, straining against his body. She could feel her nipples squishing into him, feel the imprint of his cock on her stomach, the hard heat of him almost burning through the few clothes he had left.
She lifted his feet out of his shoes, then rolled down his socks. While feet weren't one of her biggest kinks, Alice couldn't ever say no to a few good looking, sturdy feet. She much preferred her feet on their bodies, though. Finally, on her knees in front of him, she pulled down his shorts and boxers in one fell swoop.
His cock almost hit her in the face.
It was good, as cocks go. Not perfect, but definitely good. It certainly was pretty, she thought to herself. The balls were bigger than average, hanging low and full in their sac. She loved a good pair of balls, loved to play with them and feel them move around in her hand. She loved the feeling of balls in her mouth too, especially the way that they made her men moan. Above it was the penis itself. It was a good length, about average sized if she had to say. Five, six inches? Getting longer as she looked at it. Unfortunately, it had no foreskin. She loved a foreskin on a cock. They made the cocks so much more fun to play with, and so much more sensitive. There were so many things that you could do with a foreskin that you simply couldn't with a cut cock. But cut cocks certainly were nice, too.
This one had a gorgeous purple head that was straining out of its skin towards her face. It had just brushed by her cheek, and she could feel a little bit of precum splattered from its head onto her. The slit, or eye, was staring right at her, at eye level, and was very, very slightly oozing precum. Oh, how she loved precum. Making a man precum was almost enough to make her orgasm in and of itself, and then the taste - that really sent her over the edge. The cock was a little tighter than she was used to, the eye gaping open farther than she really liked it, but all in all, almost perfect. She almost couldn't wait to feel it in the back of her throat, or shoved as far up her pussy - or maybe her ass - as she could take it.
Instead, she ignored it. Leaving her dildo on the ground, she gathered clothes from around the man and his manhood, putting them aside on the counter. Then, she returned, turning on the showerheads.
Water streamed around the naked couple, washing away all the dust that had gathered onto them. It fell onto their chests and breasts, making her nipples glisten and his cock throb in response. She squirted some soap into her hands, staring at him right in the eyes. Her tongue darted out and licked up the precum on her cheek. His cock pulsed achingly.
She lathered up his chest and then his arms, taking her time. Then, she squatted down, lathering up his legs, pointedly ignoring his throbbing, pulsing cock and balls, no matter how much they called to her. She brushed higher and higher up his thighs, touching his taint, and his cock spluttered up some more precum again, gathering at the tip. But she didn't touch his dick. Not yet.
She moved to his back, lathering up his shoulders and neck, massaging his hair, which was filled with dust. Then she moved down, to his ass, which was muscled from years of squatting down on the job and fixing pipes. She massaged it thoroughly, even slipping a finger into his crack, but not daring to touch his asshole. She figured there would be time for that later. He groaned as her hands explored his body, but stood stock-still, as if he still could not believe that this was happening.
She moved to his legs, kneeling behind him. Under him, almost, as she worked his legs, then moved up, just as she had done to his front. Her fingers brushed his perineum, his taint, again, but this time she let it touch his balls. Her nipples brushed against his leg, sending lightning to her pussy. She watched as the bead of precum gathered at his tip slowly, oh so slowly, began to fall. She held her hand under the pulsating tip of his cock, gathering it on her fingertips.
When it was done, she sat down in the steam of the shower, spreading her legs, baring all of herself to him. He looked at her pussy, gaping open for his gaze, and at her asshole, winking at him in her heat. He could see her needy pussy drooling, ready to cum, needing to cum.
He met her eyes. She smiled. "No touching," she said. He nodded immediately.
Alice took her precum-covered hand, slick with a stranger's cock's juice and orgasm, and pushed her fingers right into her pussy. She masturbated with it, throwing her head back, watching the stranger over her jacking off rabidly, frothing his cock into a frenzy. As more precum flowed, it fell right onto her hand, right into her pussy, so close was she to him. So close, but not touching. He could see her pussy, her nipples, hear her gasping and moaning under him. He braced his hand far above, leaning over until his cock was almost at her tits, almost at her head. Almost at her mouth.
She fucked herself, her second hand joining her first and rubbing her clit furiously. He was beginning to pant above her, his cock straining. Another glob of precum descended from it, this time into her waiting mouth. It was salty, thick, coating the insides of her mouth in the taste of sex. It was delicious. She needed more.
Her nipples were screwing themselves into knots, her breasts heaving under him. Her dildo lay by her leg, forgotten, as she stared at the glorious and much more alive cock right above her, and the hand that it fucked. For by this point, he was fucking his hand more than his hand was fucking his cock. She imagined that he thought of her pussy instead, or maybe her mouth, from the way he was positioned, right above her, his legs spread on either side of her body. Despite herself, she grabbed one of his legs, with her hand, high up near his thigh, as if bracing herself. The other hand continued to work her clit.
His cock erupted.
This was her favorite part. The part that she worked for the entire time. Cum rained down onto her as if in slow motion. The first spurt hit her directly in the mouth, coating her insides completely in the sticky, gooey, glorious taste of fresh cum, milked directly from a willing cock. She lived for that taste. She reached up instantly and grabbed his cock, guiding it first towards her breasts, where another spurt hit her nipples, the cum falling between her breasts and lubricating them past each other. Then, finally, she directed it at her pussy, at the hand that worked it.
Cum spluttered out of his still-hard cock, dripping between her fingers and hitting her clit. Her body exploded into orgasm as it slipped even farther, into her waiting hole, which gushed her damp wetness into a pool around her. She was far enough out of the stream of water that the water did not wash away her scent or her arousal. Wave after wave, she climber her orgasm higher and higher, coming once, twice, again and again, until her body finally calmed down, her vision going black and her brain going blank. God, how Alice loved orgasming with another man's semen coating her.
After a moment, she got up to her knees, careful not to disturb any of the sweet, salty cum still coating her body. She was careful, now, and tentatively licked his cock. It twitched, but he was gasping, and she could tell that he was spent. Slowly, she licked it completely clean, making sure to tongue-fuck the little hole at the end of his cock to get every last bit of semen out and into her body instead, then got up and opened the shower door, still covered in his orgasm.
Carefully, she led him out, toweling him down, before kissing his cock one last time, lashing it with her tongue. She enjoyed leaving cocks like this, hard and waiting for her again. She led him to the front door when he was dressed, still naked herself.
Well, that last part wasn't strictly true. Cum still coated her chest and stomach, and the few spots on her face her tongue hadn't been able to reach were also covered in sticky seed. She opened the front door covered like that, watching his cum sparkle on her skin. She waved goodbye to him as he left, massaging his cock slightly as he squeezed past her.
He turned to say goodbye. She simply dipped her hand onto her chest, fondling her tits and gathering up the cum he had deposited there, then sucked it up from her fingers and smiled at him with a little wave - form now-clean fingers.

--

When Jacob returned, he found his bathroom in shambles. The shower was a mess, and Alice had told him to be careful, and that it would be better to use the master bathroom while they were getting it fixed.
That night, Alice got ready for bed while Jacob showered. She slipped off her clothes, into just her panties, and lay in her bed. She tossed and turned, unable to sleep. Richard wasn't back yet. Soon, Alice found herself needing to pee. She squirmed, holding on for as long as she could. As soon as she heard the shower turn off, the pitter-patter of water hitting the tiles gone, she waited for thirty more seconds, then scrambled to the door of the master bathroom, pulling on a thin shirt as she went. It wouldn't do for Jacob to see her in such a state.
She entered the bathroom, steam rising off the tiles and walls and hanging in the air, almost obscuring her view. She padded in, her feet cold against the tiles, her mind occupied by her need to pee. She turned the corner into the shower proper, and was greeting by an incredible sight.
Jacob stood, hand planted against the glass, utterly naked. Under him was a dildo - a dildo, covered in her juices. A dildo that she had forgotten. His other hand was stroking his cock, going back and forth, up and down, at an incredible pace, as he stared at that dildo, covered in her body's own arousal, in her own cum.
She stepped backwards, the backs of her legs - her ass, really - hitting the backs of the counter behind her. Jacob's head snapped up, and his eyes widened as he stared at her. His hand shot down to cover his cock, the other one slackening its tight grip around its girthy shaft, but it was too late.
Alice watched as her son came, spurting wave after wave of semen, onto the glass wall between them. She watched her son orgasm.