"Ello there gov'na! Looking for a special someone or just any ole' hole will do?" shouts a stout and extravagantly dressed prostitute named Feather. "Feather gonna take good care ov' you. Now there's the basic package, luv. That's your tug jobs and finger bangs. And of course you got your mid tier where my lips gets real familiar with your shaft and right now luv I'm runnin' a special. Mid tier pricing gets your pecker all up in my squish mitten. But none of that's good enough for you eh' luv. You're seeking a premium experience. Just for you baby I got this platinum package. You get to absolutely destroy my butt-hole with that big ole' sausage you packin' there. Don't think I don't see it!"
Sadly for Feather her potential John is unaccustomed to such motivated salesmanship and blushes as he hurries past. Clearly this man is out of his depths here among the whores of Slattern's Roost. It seems he hasn't ventured far from his idyllic Twatwich. Soon he will be even more uncomfortable once he hits the Groat.
How do I know where he's from and where he is going? It's simple really. This man is about to obtain an object and my job is to relieve him of it. My name is Navy Halfcock and I am an Obtruder.
Have you never heard of the fine tradition that is Obtrudation? Well lets just say I am the busiest busybody you will ever meet and I use that information to make a living. Typically I just sell the information itself and keep my nose clean but this time the client is a mite skittish and feels that the fewer who know the better. So, I must roll up my sleeves and do some actual work.
My quarry is named Paunchy Nougat. He's a low level drone for the Harlow family. It seems that Grotty Harlow ,the matriarch of the Harlow family, has a penchant for collecting ancient and exotic sex toys. Dear old Grotty found a seller that was willing to part with a clockwork dildo that once vibrated inside the hoo-ha of Lady Virilis Eversire. Lady Eversire was famous for bringing it with her everywhere. Most commonly inside her. It's rumored that a faint mechanical whirring was all the announcement necessary to know that Lady Eversire had arrived.
Good old reliable Paunchy has made his way to the gate between Slattern's Roost and the Groat. It's a marked change in building quality and ambiance along the boundary. The Groat is not a nice place but if you need to do something secret or illegal it's quite convenient. The City guards only go there when commanded by Praetor and when they arrive whatever or whoever they were charged to apprehend is long gone. It's a little dance between city guard and organized crime. A show put on to make the aristocracy feel safe.
Paunchy is visibly sweating. Perhaps Mrs. Harlow enjoys tormenting him but it's clear he doesn't know he has protection. A shadow stalking him, much as I am. An Enforcer from house Harlow by name of Beamish Buggerbum. I only spot him because he is meant to be seen by all but poor Paunchy. A clear message to any ne'er-do-wells that this trundling fool is spoken for.
What I know of Beamish is: he grew up poor, he misspent his youth as a cutpurse taking from the wealthy, he kept that dream of climbing above his station and becoming wealthy. Seems that his climb has landed him a place as a thug for the Harlows. Which for this city is considered doing pretty well for yourself.
Beamish's presence complicates things but it's not unexpected. The added danger also makes things a little more fun. I crack a smile at the thought of pulling a fast one on ole Beamish. My nipples become erect. Should I fail I know exactly what the Harlows like to do with people who cross them. But the reward is worth the risk and if all goes to plan I have nothing to worry about.
Paunchy has arrived at an ordinary unmarked door in an oddly round building that while just as dirty as it's neighbors seems to be in better nick. He enters to conduct his business. Beamish lurks in the shadows. It's becoming clear that the seller has clout in the Groat and I am quite happy with my decision to not steal from them directly.
Out stumbles Paunchy with his Mistresses new toy all wrapped in a pink hatbox with a bow. He sets off along the path he came in by. Beamish follows, a few steps closer than before. I lie in wait ahead of them with my trap ready to spring.
Paunchy reaches the penultimate turn on his way to the gate and I activate my first illusion crystal. This one is set to replicate whatever is in front of it and perpetuate it. So, as far as Beamish can see Paunchy continues walking with a hatbox towards the gate to Slattern's Roost. What is actually happening is I activate my disguise illusion crystal and become an illusory version of Beamish.
"Paunchy, where have you been! Lady Harlow expected your return some time ago" I scold as I usher Paunchy down a quite different path.
"Beamish? but the gate is that way..." exclaims a startled Paunchy.
"Yes and the cutthroat that was stalking you is over there, Paunchy. You were inches from death when I found you. Stop asking questions and follow me."
In the distance, but not distant enough, I hear Beamish cursing.
Fuck. I should not have trusted that mage with the delirium tremens to make a quality illusion crystal. Snap decision time, I kick Paunchy in the nuts, grab the box, and leg it.
Behind me I can tell that Paunchy's distress has attracted Beamish's attention. After failing to get coherent words out, Paunchy just points and Beamish is hot on my trail.
I am fast but so is Beamish. My path weaves towards the gate but it's a feint. I dash through alleys looking for a good spot to double back. I know the Groat in general layout but not in detail so I am quite happy to find a five way intersection where I peel off away from the gate. Were it not for my head start I'm not sure I would have eluded him but Beamish takes the bait and continues on towards the gate.
Not out of the woods yet I look for a place to lay low and regroup. I find an old warehouse with a loft space that appears to be a graveyard for odd lots and shipping mistakes. The warehouse has some activity below but nothing up here.
As I catch my breath I take inventory. I am mostly pleased. I got the sex toy for my client, no one saw my face. As far as Paunchy knows someone who looked like Beamish kicked him in the nuts and ran off with his Mistress's prize. What I am not so pleased about is that Beamish will know that I really don't want to cross the Groat to the other gate and I have this giant pink hatbox with a bow on it to hide and my pussy is sopping wet...
With all the danger, the excitement, and the chase I am properly horny and wouldn't you know it, I have a spare moment and a historic dildo in my possession. I open the hatbox and see a curious replica of a penis with an ornate harness attached.
Ahh, so that's how Lady Eversire kept a hold of this devil. The rumors were that her pelvic floor muscles could crack walnuts. While that could still be true, it seems a more mundane solution explains her hands free masturbation.
I can wait no more, I need to orgasm. I drop my pants and start rubbing Lady Eversire's companion on my clit. I see no activation buttons on the device but it begins to vibrate as I touch it to my wet pussy. Perhaps it is body heat activated I muse.
I slide the faux cock into my eager pussy and begin slowly pumping it in and out. The toy begins wiggling rhythmically and the vibrations intensify. It feels amazing and my nipples demand attention. Lets see what this hands free business is all about I think to myself. I bury the writhing clockwork cock deep in my pussy and slip the ornate straps up and around my hips. With a bit of effort I push the clasp closed. Either Lady Eversire was more petite than me or she really wanted to make sure her toy stayed put.
I pull off my shirt and start pinching and pulling my nipples. I was blessed with thick sensitive nipples and they love to play rough. When I get really worked up, like now, I can go pretty hard on them. Half the fun is feeling the ache the next day and remembering the naughty shit i did. When I tug on them and twist them it's like they are somehow connected to my clit. The more I abuse them the more pleasure radiates down my abdomen and to my clit.
Speaking of my clit it's time to push things over the edge. I am worked up into a frothy mess. I abandon one nipple and reach down to rub my clit from side to side. All the while the dildo works it's magic. I build up to orgasm and cum while making the most guttural of noises. That was the first orgasm but Lady Eversire's cock is relentless and I quickly cum again.
My legs are jelly and I am panting on the floor of this dirty warehouse loft. I am spent. I go to pop the clasp on the harness but it wont release. Shit! I fumble with the harness. It won't release. It wont turn off.
Fucking kinky Eversires I scream in my head as a third orgasm grips me.
Well... now I know that the Eversires were into forced orgasm play. That knowledge would have been quite useful before I locked myself into this fucking machine but it seems I am stuck with it now.
I quickly put my pants back on and attempt to calm myself. In my head I run down the list of my current problems. Conspicuous hatbox? No longer a problem as my client's new toy is secreted deep in my cunt doing wonderful and terrible things. Need to flee the scene of the crime without being recognized through a known location. Still a problem. Tell tale whirring sounds, unpredictable orgasms, and holding in the moan. Very much still a problem.
I can't walk through the gate without drawing attention. Think Navy. I don't belong here and I could orgasm at any moment. But who uses that gate daily. Who is expected to be lascivious and stager occasionally... Prostitutes. Well there's nothing for it, Navy old girl, it's time to Filch some slutty kit and put on a show.
Walking through this neighborhood, avoiding being mugged and looking for unattended wash lines is difficult. Made more difficult by this infernal toy that seems to syncopate to my movements and discover parts of my G spot I didn't even know I had. As I construct my slutty costume and think about the absurdity of my current situation, Lady Evershire's joy wrings a fourth orgasm from my still very wet pussy. Traitor! You would enjoy this I say to my greedy cunt. As if in response to my shaming a fifth orgasm swells immediately after the last. I catch my breath and continue my work.
My costume is in poor condition but it achieves the look. It includes high waisted short shorts that hide the harness but little else. I can feel the crisp air on my butt cheeks. Bare midriff with a size too small shirt just covering my tits. A small jacket and my thigh high hooker boots that I was already wearing complete this delightful ensemble. What? Yes, hooker boots on a job. They make me feel confident and sexy. Shut up.
As I approach the gate I can see Beamish posted up in the middle of the passage inspecting all who pass. I whimper a little as my body is racked by it's 6th orgasm but I pull myself together. It's showtime.
As I approach the gate I slip into my best impersonation of Feather. "Hello lover. You look like you need some release. Let momma have it good. Ohhh baby, make me scream."
"No" Beamish replies.
"What, am I not enough for you? I tell you what, my girl is just up the street here. We'll double team you hun. Give you a good rate. How about it? A little girl on girl to get your cock hard?"
"Piss off. I'm on the clock" Beamish spits. His eyes never rise above my tits.
"OK baby, when you get off work you come find me. Ask for Charisma. I'll take good care of you." I say as I walk past him.
I saunter up the street accompanied by a faint whirring sound. I would be enjoying this deception more if I weren't fighting Lady Eversire's cock for control of my orgasms.
I move quickly as I traverse the city but still have to pause from time to time as I endure my 7th 8th and 9th orgasm. I have drawn more than a few stares but of course I am dressed in the most slutty fashion and am cumming in public. I am a spectacle.
It takes some doing but I find an open minded discrete locksmith that is up to the challenge of defeating this harness clasp while I writhe through my 10th and 11th orgasm.
Finally I am able to slide this dildo out of my aching raw hole. I'm sure I'll be sore for weeks. Funny, now that it's gone, I kind of miss it. Not that I'm in any kind of hurry to stuff that thing back in me but now I get it. I get why Lady Eversire would choose to parade around in public orgasming uncontrollably. Giving up control of something so intimate and putting it on public display is crazy bonkers hot.
I'm going to be masturbating to this memory for a long time. Maybe I'll even visit the artificers ghetto and get something special made for myself. Maybe I'll get a fucking timed release on the clasp to save on lock smith fees when I lose the key...
I get cleaned up and rush to make my appointment with my client. She is elated.
I choose not to tell her that the clasp locks because how could I explain how I know that without telling her what happened. But at least I know a good locksmith I can refer her to when she makes the same mistake I did.
"Ahh! you can still smell Lady Eversire on it!" she squeals in delight...