Chapter 4 -- Interlude
Previously I told of watching my fiancée Anne-Marie blackmailed into having sex with the guys she used to babysit. Instead of being upset, I was incredibly aroused and excited (and from her actions, her as well). Part 3 they incredibly had her dress and act like a slut resulting in her giving my "friends" blowjobs in the mall bathroom as well as having sex with a complete group of strangers.
These adventures have been observed by me as well as reading about them from her diary, the location of which she once confided. I will now tell the story as it happened so it unfolds in a more chronological pattern instead of jumping around as I discovered the events, since many of them were "after the fact" as I had to be careful reading her diary without her knowing.
I will now let the adventure continue...
********************
Annie awoke the next morning sore in places she had never felt before; however, as she lay in bed, she had also never felt so alive. Her mind traced back through the previous day, reliving each moment and sensation. As she recalled the barrage of cocks entering her she became increasingly aroused. Although her first instincts should be shame and degradation, instead her body felt alive and intensely excited. Thinking about all the men she had been with in one day, how slutty she had acted, and the wanton abandon she experienced she knew she never before had felt so much freedom.
There was tenderness in her rear leading her to believe at least one, if not several of the men had fucked her in the ass--yet her only thought was regretting to have passed out from the sheer ecstasy of her orgasms and missed it. Annie had never had anal sex before, but the thought had always aroused her and she was sorry if it had happened, she had missed it.
She felt her heart noticeably beating in her chest, realizing she was getting excited reminiscing. Feeling the familiar wetness between her legs she inserted a finger inside herself, pressing gently on her clit as she closed her eyes and thought about the previous day.
Though some part of her had been influenced by whatever aphrodisiac drug the boys had given her, she knew the feeling of pure sexuality and carnal desire experienced was very much her own. Annie loved sex and had fantasized about many things, some of which had finally come true yesterday. Sometimes she wondered if she was a nymphomaniac; however, she had always been conservative in her actions--until now. She had many fantasies, but she was always afraid to share them with Bob, let alone act them out for fear of losing him.
She had confessed to Bob some of her lustful desires, and they had played upon some occasionally by telling stories as they made love of what was being done to her; both of them enjoying the sexual frenzy she could get into when excited. Even so, he would never understand the feeling of sexual abandonment she had let her body experience as she was used over and over by all those men, as well as her acceptance of manipulation by Brian and William.
Thinking about the boys she wondered how she could have let herself get into such a sexual mess. True the boys had basically blackmailed her into posing for them the first night, but she could have drawn the line there or even fought and prevented anything from happening. Sure she could have been embarrassed if they had told their parents about her sucking off Bob, but they had been dating for years, was it really that bad?
No, she had let her sexual tension get the better of her and let things go too far. She had convinced herself the blackmailing was the root of her acceptance after the boys used the movie betraying her with them; however, she knew deep inside there was a deep, dark part of her relishing the idea of being a sex-slave, showing herself off to men, and letting them have their way with her. She had always had a submissive streak, and being the guys' sex slave felt almost natural. Bob had only tapped the very surface of her hidden sexuality, but the boys had explored an unknown area of desire within her—a desire they seemed to have known existed or discovered naturally and one she was willingly a part of...
She did not know to what depths of depravity the boys were planning on taking her, but decided it was time to draw the line and not listen to them any longer. She stopped rubbing herself as she realized her body may have enjoyed being used, but she was playing with dynamite and couldn't afford to be caught. Her reputation, not to mention her parents' reputation was at stake. If any word of her deviances became well-known, she could never go back to school, let alone get a job anywhere near home, which would be devastating—her parents were too poor not be able to live without any additional income from their various bank loans.
The loans they had taken out at the bank were tenuous even under the best of circumstance, as they did not have the credit required to receive such large amounts; it was approved more on their friendship with Brian's parents who were well off and willing to help her family. If it was publicized their daughter was fucking anything with a cock—not to mention the president of the bank's son—she knew the loan would be defaulted, further adding to her shame. Her parents would lose the house, their car, and probably have to move out of town to escape the labeling of having a whore for a daughter.
She had to end things now before passing a point of no return where she was lost in depravity, ruining not only her reputation, but her family's as well.
The boys may threaten to show the videos they made, but THEY were also on the tapes. They couldn't incriminate her any more than themselves. True they were younger and could imply something happened when they were kids and she was babysitting them causing them to act this way, but the only "proof" they had showed them forcing her to have sex with them. She could say she had feared for her life and been raped. They WERE stronger than her—her mind unconsciously drifting off tangent to the feel of them holding her and the size of their cocks.
Shaking her head as if the physical action could shake the thought of them from her mind, she refocused. She was certain a defenseless female, especially one as beautiful and innocent looking as her, could sway any law enforcement coming to investigate. Movies or not, there was little they could do that wouldn't harm themselves!
Feeling she had finally found a way out of their web of control she got out of bed with a purpose.
She drew a hot bath—soothing her aching muscles—and slowly relaxed, closing her eyes in the steaming tub. Languishing in the hot water her mind again drifted to the events of the day before, her body once more responding to her daydreaming as she almost unconsciously started rubbing her clit. She thought of her "suck-fest" as Brian had called it, recalling the taste of cum and the feeling of all those cocks pumping down her throat. She started rubbing faster, the waves of water rippling across her breasts and nipples exciting her even more. She thought about the little "party" massaging herself until she came, the gentle orgasm pale in comparison to the intense feeling she had felt the day before, but more relaxing.
Finishing her bath she toweled herself dry and looked at herself in the mirror. Her face was flushed from her orgasm and her nipples were still hard, the water glistening off her body like oil. Bob had often said she had a better figure than a Playboy model and although she disagreed, she knew men found her attractive. Recalling how sexy she looked in the black leather outfit, she glanced at the pile of clothes discarded in the corner of the bathroom from last night. She had been so exhausted when she got home she had stripped down letting them lay where they were where. Barely remembering taking a shower to wash off the seemingly gallons of cum upon her, she had crawled into bed and slept.
Looking down at the clothes now, she noticed the distinct smell of sex and cum emanating from them from across the room. She quickly picked them up and washed them with a damp rag--hoping she didn't ruin the leather. Remembering how she had looked in the outfit and the feeling of pure sexuality it had given her, she wanted to keep the outfit--maybe even surprise Bob with it someday. No sense in throwing away a perfectly good outfit even if it had previously been used to degrade her she thought. She would take the outfit to a dry cleaner and have it cleaned, spraying the bustier and skirt with perfume to hide the odor of sex on them as she put them in a garment bag for later.
Her morning ritual almost complete, she started dressing. Looking at all the bags from the mall, she almost decided to wear one of the new outfits the boys had picked for her; however, she could never explain it to her parents or even Bob if she wore something too revealing. Not wanting all the clothes she had bought to go to waste, she settled on wearing one of the new thongs the boys had picked for her, almost ashamed at how sexy it made her feel as she put it on, the sexy material sliding between her but cheeks like a gentle lover. Her mind briefly recalled being felt up in the novelty store and again refocused her thoughts to block the memory.
She put on a short, old pair of jean cut-offs she hadn't worn in a while, the pockets torn in places, the frayed ends barely going past her rear. Since she planned to only clean the house, it didn't matter what she wore she rationalized, and grabbed a loose, white button-down blouse tied over her stomach to complete the ensemble. She thought about wearing a bra, but looking at her reflection in the mirror and the feeling of sexuality from the previous day still within her decided against it. The material was thick enough not to reveal anything, and she wasn't planning on getting into any "wet T-shirt" contest to get it wet she chuckled.
To top off the outfit, she put on a pair of high-heeled platform shoes with straps going up her calves almost to her knees, admiring the way they accented her long legs.
Finished dressing she took down her diary from the closet adding a few unfinished entries from the day before. She laughed at imagining the initial shock of her parents; faces had they read it, but knew they would never see it. They had once found her diary and read it, discovering she had played hooky from school and had punished her for it. Since then she kept two diaries--a "PG-rated" book where she wrote the most boring and "safe" stuff for her parents so they continued their belief she was a "good little girl." It was kept in her dresser drawer where they could easily find it--knowing they would look no further once they read it. It was only a ruse--she had the real "adult-rated" version containing all her deepest secrets with no holds barred stored in her closet. It was this diary she now read.
Editing a few things as she recalled them she again started to feel a heat between her legs reading the previous day's events. It was almost like reading a porn novel as she read her own writing, not believing it had happened. She couldn't understand how she could still be so horny after the definitive reaming she had received the day before by all those men as well as her masturbation in the bath, but she was definitely getting excited. Reading the events again, she felt firm in her resolve to confront the boys and tell them she was through with them.
Hiding the book back in her closet, she pulled out her "safe" diary and wrote a bit about her shopping with some friends at the mall to explain her absence all day. Chuckling at the play of words, she tried to keep things in general the same so she would never have to completely lie. In this version she went with two friends and shopped for clothes...stopping for pizza in the mall and so forth. It was something she learned long ago so if she was caught saying something, it was easily avoidable to not be caught in a lie.
Finishing to her satisfaction, she called Bob to invite him over later to watch some movies. Hearing his answering machine and knowing he was probably still at the shop her mind flashed to a sudden fear of Rick and the other guys she had "serviced" in the mall bathroom telling Bob about her, but quickly dismissed the thought. All of those men had wanted Annie for years and wouldn't dare tell Bob. One didn't go around bragging to your drinking buddy his girlfriend had sucked you and your buddies off!
What had happed had been so unlike her she knew Bob would never believe them even if they DID tell him, as they were always goading him on about her. They could tell Bob everything and he would know it to be too incredulous to believe. That reason alone was enough to know she didn't have to worry about Rick and the guys trying something as stupid as what Bryan and William were trying to do. No, they would undoubtedly try to get more from her, but she could handle Rick and them, even by avoiding them from now on as she usually had done. She has shamefully hidden what had happened between her and Rick and this would just be another reason to avoid him and his buddies.
Leaving a message telling Bob to come over when he got home, she decided to do a little research on whatever she had been given. She didn't know the exact spelling, but "Googling" a close match got her close enough. It was as the biker had described—the drug was considered a "woman's Viagra" to cure sexual arousal disorder in women. Various drug companies were working on combinations with other drugs to put it on the market—including Ecstasy—with the intention of lowering the inhibitory factor of women for the Bremelanotide to take effect. As the biker described, the drug was used on the "street" as a recreational drug and date rape drug.
True to the biker's word, the drug was not put in production yet as it did nothing to resolve its initial intent. Most women in various studies were affected directly in relation to their "libido score"—an extremely sexual woman would become a vixen while somebody who was naturally inhibited had no change other than a bit of drowsiness. This part disturbed Annie as she thought back to how wanton she had been under its influence...was she really so uninhibited?
The only other issue with the drug catching her interest was repeated use lowered the amount of drug needed for stimulatory response, making dosing extremely difficult for production usage. True to the biker's word, women often had to be treated for nymphomania on prolonged exposure due to an almost constant state of sexual arousal.
There was nothing she read contradictory to what the guy at the leather shop had said. Not feeling at all comfortable about how two small doses had affected her and her response to it, she knew she would have to watch what she drank or ate around the boys from now on! Still not feeling totally at ease, she went downstairs.
Her mom looked at her strangely, probably from her attire since she obviously wasn't wearing a bra and normally didn't wear shoes like she had on around the house unless she was going out, but didn't say anything as Annie offered to help clean the house.
After cleaning the house and working up a good sweat—the physical activity loosening up her sore body and keeping her mind preoccupied—Annie sat in the kitchen putting together a grocery list. Her mom had to go to a charity function she was helping with and they had forgotten their list the other day when they went shopping, so still had quite a few things needed. Her mom asked Annie to go to the store while she attended her function.
Things were pretty much back into routine...in strict contrast to the events the previous day Annie thought abstractedly.
As she was putting together the grocery list, the doorbell rang. Her mom yelled she would get it so Annie continued her inventory of the kitchen and adding to the list.
A few seconds later, her mom walked into the kitchen carrying a large box. "Odd," her mother said, "nobody was at the door, but there was this box addressed to you," she smiled handing the box over to Annie. "Is it from Bob?" her mom asked innocently.
Her parents adored Bob. He was the all-American football star in high school and they liked him from the first day Annie and he dated. They were always asking if Annie and him would be settling down and were always bugging her about marrying him sooner than later. Although only a mechanic at an auto shop, Bob's family was well-off and they knew if she ended up with Bob she would never be in the straights they were financially.
"There's always time to make money," her father told her. She always found it odd him telling her about money matters, knowing how in debt they were with the Strauss' bank, but kept her mouth shut.
Annie knew they only wanted what was best for her, but her and Bob were in no rush and planned on settling down after she went to school and got her own job.
Breaking her reverie, her mother again asked if the box was from Bob.
"I don't know mom," she said, holding the box. It was nicely wrapped in blue metallic wrapping paper and a card with "Annie" was stuck on the front. The box was about 10 inches wide and a couple inches deep, and Annie had no idea what it was; however, it would not be the first time Bob had dropped off a present for her.
Her mom pressed her to open it and Annie tore off the wrapping paper revealing a plain brown box underneath. Opening the top, Annie quickly shut it closed before her mom could see what was in it.
"Well, what is it?" her mother asked curiously.
"Uh . . . nothing, er, I mean..." Annie's mind worked furiously. "I mean, it's some chocolates or something, but I'll take them to my room. I know you and dad are on a diet and don't need the temptation," and quickly got up, practically running out of the kitchen to her mom's bewildered expression.
Taking the stairs two at a time Annie ran up and closed her bedroom door. Her heart racing she carefully removed the DVD she had seen from the box. A card was attached to it reading:
A little memento of our shopping spree. -Brian and William
Annie's hands trembled as she held the note and disk in her hands. She didn't know how long she stood there shaking until her mom's voice came through the door asking if she was all right. Startled, Annie almost jumped out of her shoes as she assured her nothing was the matter. Reassured, her mom said she was leaving for her charity function and wouldn't be home until late; however, Annie wasn't even listening as her mind raced through what could be on the disk.
Hearing her mom's car start and leave, she cautiously went to her computer and inserted the disk. The screen was blank for a few seconds, and she wondered if they were sending her a copy of one of the first videos.
Then the screen faded into a scene burned into Annie's mind forever: there she was, lying on a plush red bed in a leather miniskirt and bustier, her arms and legs outstretched from her body with her wrists and ankles chained to the bed.
"I want someone to fuck me!" Annie heard her voice yell on the computer. "Please Masters please fuck me!" she moaned.
Annie was in a state of shock as she watched the scenes unfold before her on screen.
She saw two large hairy arms slide up her legs and knew them to be the biker at the leather store, recalling the feeling of his rough hands on her skin. "Oh yes!" she heard herself moan through the computer's speakers as the biker's hands slowly moved up her legs. His back was to the camera showing her over his shoulder--it must have been attached to the bedpost Annie thought with horror. She could only see him from behind, but had a full view of herself on the bed.
Annie watched in alarm as the biker slowly reached up and unzipped her miniskirt--the Annie on the screen lifting her hips to help him remove it. There she was, naked from the waist down undulating on the bed like a whore in heat. Even from this angle she could see her swollen pussy glistening from how wet she was, her mind shocked in horror.
She heard herself mutter "No!" in the movie as he got up, only to have him take off her bustier, again watching herself arch her back to help him. She looked so willing as he stripped her lying there spread-eagled naked and begging to be fucked.
As if in a dream, Annie watched the biker slowly move between her legs...
"Yes, fuck me! PLEASE FUCK ME!" Annie heard her voice yell on the television.
The biker's hips moved between her legs as he started furiously pumping in and out of her. Annie saw her head moving back and forth and knew her body was exploding in orgasm. In horrid fascination she watched as her legs tried to wrap around the biker, being held back by the chains but her thighs visibly grasping him. Her high-heeled shoes dug into the bed for support as she thrust her hips to meet his every plunge into her.
Not able to take her eyes of the screen she watched as the biker suddenly grunted and collapsed on top of her, knowing he was cumming inside her. He quickly moved away only to be replaced by a skinny naked man.
Annie realized the camera was positioned perfectly to show her every move and face, yet not revealing anybody who would be with her.
Watching the screen—as if it was somebody else and not her—she saw this man begin to fervently fuck her as well. Her eyes did not blink as she watched in horror as other men's hands started rubbing her body, squeezing her tits, sliding up and down her legs, arms, and stomach--the Annie on the screen moaning and convulsing like a bitch in heat.
Another man moved onto the bed, his face again blocked off from the camera, as he slowly stuck his dick near her face. Annie watched in morbid fascination as she opened her mouth, the man plunging in and out of her eager mouth, finally cumming. Her mouth exploded like a volcano as a torrent of cum shot past her lips, slowly dribbling down her cheeks as she watched herself on screen trying to swallow as much as possible.
Almost in a dream state she watched as man after man fucked her mouth and cunt, several of them pulling out and ejaculating on her until her body was soaking wet from all the cum upon her.
She saw herself convulse onto the bed after the tenth man had entered her and heard somebody say she passed out. This was the part she never knew about as she watched the movie continue in fascinated horror.
Somebody unfastened the chains on the bed and she heard herself on the disk begging for more. How she was even aware of what was going on she didn't know, but watched in morbid fascination as they spread her out again as another man moved in between her legs. Even in her state of unconsciousness her body instinctively grasped the man, her now freed legs wrapping around him as he slammed into her repeatedly. She watched as her heels dug into the man's buttocks, pulling him as deep into her as she could.
Another man started ejaculating all over her face as she watched in horror as the men continuously used her. After a few more men had fucked her, her body grabbing each one as if awake, she continued to watch. Several men turned her over, somebody placing a pillow under her waist and causing her ass to stick in the air and Annie had a sickening feeling she knew what would happen next.
A man moved between her splayed legs as he pulled apart her ass cheeks. Hearing more than seeing the man spit on her, Annie's eyes remained transfixed on the screen as he arched his pelvis in the air and plunged down-- obviously straight into her virginal anal hole. The Annie on the screen grunted and moaned "Oh yes!" as the man plunged in and out of her ass for several minutes. Eventually she saw his ass stiffen and knew he was cumming inside her.
He moved away only to be replaced by another man.
Annie stared fixated to the screen again as man after man entered her asshole--twelve in all--each coming in her or over her back, covering her in cum from her hair down. Finally, the last man came and slowly backed away from her until she was alone on the bed, her body shimmering from all the cum on her.
The camera danced a bit and Annie realized somebody was moving it as it focused in on her round, glistening buttocks and spread legs. The camera zoomed in between her legs and she stared transfixed at the screen zoomed in on both her asshole and cunt gaping wide open, a steady stream of white fluid leaking from both orifices. The camera stayed focus on this for several minutes then slowly moved up body, drenched in cum, to her face. She had cum all over, her hair soaking wet from it, an unmistakable smile on her face as she laid there, almost asleep...as the camera faded to black again.
Annie stared at the blank screen, her heart racing in fear. The confidence she had felt earlier was totally shattered. She realized this tape was more damaging than either of the two the boys had used before. This tape only showed one person's face--Annie's--as she fucked and sucked over a dozen men with obvious enjoyment.
Knowing she should be crying, what Annie felt was instead anger. How DARE they do this to her! She was going to stop the boys once and for all. She didn't know what to do about this tape, but she knew she must end this for good.
She was infuriated and needed time to think, and the perfect distraction would be the grocery store. Going downstairs she found the list from her mother, thankful for something to take her mind off the tape upstairs. Her mind clouded with anger, she headed out the door to go to the grocery store as her mind tried to unravel the new events.
Since Bob wasn't home she would have plenty of time and be back long before he came over. She was not in any rush though; he knew where they kept the spare key so he could make himself home if she wasn't back in time. She needed the time to think...
Getting into her car her nose smelled the faint scent of cum and sex and through the haze of anger realized she would have to wash the seats in her car before getting home. Her mind again flashed to the scenes on the tape as she pulled out of the driveway, trying to calm down enough to sort through her angered thoughts. Driving to the store she kept her windows open to air it out, thankful for the nice day.
Focusing her mind on grocery shopping, Annie's panic slowly dwindled. She knew she would have to play along with the boys' game for now, but they'd eventually make a mistake and she could get away. Her mind resolved with an undetermined plan, she finished shopping, the familiar duty putting her somewhat at ease.
As she packed the groceries into the car she once again noticed the strong musky odor of sex. Knowing there was a car wash company on the way home, she decided to stop there and get it cleaned. It would be expensive to have it fully detailed, but she couldn't keep that smell in the car—especially if Bob got in...
She pulled into the car wash and got out of the car, suddenly noticing all the men watching her as she went inside, her mind suddenly focused on their attention to her. Seeing her reflection in the glass door she smiled—she looked almost like the sexy farmer's daughter. Her shirt was unbuttoned and tied off at her waist showing her bare midriff and revealing quite a bit of cleavage. And her shorts...she didn't realize how short they really were but they almost looked like "Daisy Duke" shorts, noticing the bottom part of her ass cheeks trying to peek through. No wonder her mother had looked at her strangely she realized. Almost laughing at the new distraction, she smiled at how good she looked---all she needed was a straw hat she thought jokingly.
The guys were very polite to her as she asked to have her car washed and the insides thoroughly cleaned out. The man at the counter smiled slyly at her saying they would give her a good going over and she smiled back. There were some advantages to being attractive, her mind briefly straying to Bryan's comment on her deserving the men's abuse.
Trying to keep her mind off the mall incident, she sat down and crossed her legs, starting to read an old issue of Woman's Week. Out of the corner of her eye she could see all the guys at the car wash glancing at her at various times and grinned, knowing they all would be coming into the waiting room while her car was washed with various excuses to see her.
This was almost a familiar setting, although she had never dressed this scantily in public, she was used to men giving her a bit more attention due to her looks. Yes, was something she was familiar with and it put her mind a bit more at ease as she tried to forget her predicament...
"M'am?" a voice broke through her reading and she looked up, seeing a cute guy in front of her. "If you have a minute the boys had a few questions on how your car," asking her to follow him outside.
Her car was parked to the side, still wet from the car wash, all the doors opened and a crowd of guys with rags and various spray bottles in their hands. An extremely large number of guys were "working" on her car she realized as she came outside, the other cars parked with no attendants around them. She smiled knowing they were all there wanting to get a look at the hot girl who had brought her car in. She smiled, this was something she was almost used to and instead of being upset, felt almost empowered at their attention. Knowing there wasn't anything they could do, a part of her decided to give them the attention they wanted.
As she moved near she felt a steady mist of water from the cars being washed, the cool dampness almost welcomed on her skin from the heat of the day. The mist felt good on her as she moved towards the freshly washed car and crowd of men.
One of the guys said he wanted her to check her tires and asked her to move over to him, the other guys she noticed moving behind her. Smiling wickedly she bent down from the waist, pretending to inspect her tires, knowing she was giving the men behind her a good view of her ass peeking out from her short shorts.
She felt the all-familiar flush to her body and was thankful for the cool mist of the car wash blowing on her as she moved from tire to tire, taking her time, giving the guys a good eyeful.
Her heart was beating fast and she felt almost wicked the way she was teasing them, but couldn't help it. As she bent over the tire she felt a small tickle on her leg, seeing the mist of the water from the car wash causing the water to bead upon her legs. A small trickle of water was running down the inside of her thigh...almost causing her to gasp as it felt like a finger sliding down her leg.
The men had her inspect every part of the car and she smiled, knowing they didn't give a damn about her car; they were all focused upon her. She felt her hair damp on her head and noticed her clothes sticking to her—suddenly realizing there was a reason they had parked her car here. Her top was now wet from the mist of the car wash, clinging to her like a second skin. She glanced down seeing it was obvious she was braless, her nipples hard and sticking out from the cold water.
Instead of being upset, she almost laughed; it was quite ingenious and wondered if they had done this before. She stood up from the bumper—the last thing they had left to "show" her—and adjusted her top, causing the material to press further against her now almost bare tits.
The men told her she was welcomed to watch them clean the inside of her car to "make sure they got it right," and she grinned, knowing full well why they wanted her to stay. Instead of being upset she was excited and agreed, leaning against the car. She stretched her one leg out and bent the other to the tire as she stood there seductively.
What a sight she must be she thought: long legs, short jean cut-offs, and a now see-through blouse—showing off her tits and ass like a slut. Instead of being ashamed, she was reveling in the feelings she was having as they got a full show of her body.
At one point she bent through the car window talking to the guys cleaning inside, knowing full well they could see down her blouse not caring...actually wanting them to see her. She knew the guys behind her were also getting a good view of her ass.
Inside the car, one of the men commented on the odor from the leather seats and she grinned wickedly at him, knowing he knew full well what the odor was and not being ashamed at all at this point. She laughed and told them she spilt a cocktail and grinned wickedly at him, the guys in the car laughing at her playful twist on words knowing full well what she meant.
She continued her teasing until eventually the car was cleaned and there were no more excuses available. As she thanked the men around her, she turned to go pay for the service when the guy who came in to get her originally, the manager she knew now, told her there was no charge. She asked why and they gave her an excuse about her being the 500th customer of the week and got a free wash. She knew damn well why they were letting her have the wash for free after displaying herself to them and grinned.
She thanked them all telling them she wished she could show her appreciation in some way and the men all laughed saying it was their pleasure. Getting into the car one of them told her she should come by regularly to keep her car in shape. She grinned wickedly, knowing they only wanted to see her body again and an evil thought came to her as she told them, "Oh, I'll be back, I wouldn't mind 'cumming' here more often." A few of the men smiled as she stressed the word.
As she started the car the manager handed her a card, telling her she should register in their free drawing for a lifetime car wash. Looking down she saw a blank index card and smiled at him, asking innocently what he needed. Telling her they just needed her name and phone number she wrote "Annie" and her cell phone number. Before giving it back, another thought hit her and she put a heart over the "i" in her name, giving it little devil horns. Handing the card back she smiled, telling him she hoped she was lucky soon.
Laughing as she drove away, she realized there were some bonuses to showing herself off...she got a $50 car wash for no charge!
Keeping the windows opened to let the air dry her clothes, she took her time, thinking about what had happened, wondering what was going on. What the hell was she thinking she realized? She's trying to get out of a sexual predicament and what does she do—goes and displays her body before a group of strangers. She would never have exposed herself in such a way before, why did she do it now? And to make matters worse she enjoyed it and even egged them on.
Two weeks ago and her involvement with Brian and William she would not have done anything so promiscuous. She would not even have gone out in public dressed the way she was and yet there she was, teasing a bunch of strange men in such a fashion. Standing unabashedly in front of them pretty much topless she had just smiled at them. What was happening to her? Exposing her body in public like that?
Her mind even more distraught than when she left the house, Annie headed home only to find Bob's truck in the driveway.
********************
I couldn't believe my luck finding Annie and her parents gone when I arrived at their house Sunday--the day after her trip to the mall. I was anxious to know what had happened the previous day, and ran up the stairs to read her diary as soon as I let myself in with the spare key. They never minded me coming in, which is why they had even let me know where the spare key was and I often let myself in while waiting for them to get home, so this was nothing unusual.
What was unusual was prying open my fiancée's diary...but I had to know what had happened yesterday!
I couldn't believe what I read. I have since described her visit to the mall in detail, but as I read her own words for the first time, I couldn't help but get excited. Pulling out my cock, I sat on her bed reading her diary, slowly stroking myself off.
I literally came when I read how she had sucked off my friends in the men's restroom. I had always bragged to them how well Annie sucked cock, and now they knew from first-hand experience. I was curious and even anxious to see how they acted at work tomorrow and resolved to purposely draw the conversation toward Annie and her luscious mouth. I was incredibly aroused thinking about the irony of them thinking they knew something I didn't about their encounter.
I should have been angry or upset, yet instead I was highly turned on. Call me sick or perverted, but I have always fantasized watching Annie with another man--actually, I should say men. Seeing her with William and Brian was a fantasy come true and as I read about her shopping trip, I couldn't help but get even more excited. My only jealousy was not being able to see her in action myself.
Reading about her little party, I again became hard as a rock. Though her description was sketchy due to her passing out literally from an orgasm, I could only imagine the sight of her before all those men.
As I sat on the bed, thinking about my fiancée-turned-slut and wishing I could have seen it, I noticed a card lying on the floor. Picking it up, it was addressed to Annie and curiosity getting the better of me, opened it and saw the little note the boys had left her. I didn't understand what it meant until I saw the DVD sticking out of Annie's computer.
Pushing it in and watching, I couldn't believe my eyes. There was Annie, just like her diary said, getting serviced by man after man. The sight was even more exhilarating than reading it in her diary and suddenly my cock started spurting in my hand. I shot a thick stream of cum on the keyboard and diary lying on the desk and panicked. How would I explain THAT to her?
I sat there wondering what to do until I noticed other stains on the pages. Looking closely at them the odor of sperm reached my nostrils and I realized they were from dried cum. Annie must have written in her diary right when she had gotten home, still covered by all the spunk of the other men. I relaxed, knowing she would not notice my contribution to the diary's use--as long as it dried in time. Not believe how lucky I was to have found the DVD, I watched the entire movie, cumming yet a third time that day.
Once I was finished cleaning it up, I put the diary back in her closet exactly as I found it and sat down. Knowing Annie would be home shortly; I turned on her dubbing software and burned a copy of the disk for myself—this would be something I HAD to have at home I realized. The copy was at 98% completion when I heard a car outside. Looking out the window, I saw Annie's car. The disk finished just in time as I put the original disk as I found it and grabbed my DVD.
I ran downstairs to sit on the couch waiting for her, stuffing the disk into my gym bag. Still excited from the video and diary, I greeted her at the door and gave her a big kiss. She looked incredible! She was wearing short jean cut-offs and a white blouse tied over her stomach. Even more surprising was the site of her nipples through her blouse and knew she was not wearing a bra, very unusual for her unless she had no other option. Moving my hands over her body, she suddenly pulled away.
"Not now Bob, I'm too sore." I saw the panic in her face as she realized what she had said.
"What?" I asked innocently.
"I mean...I mean...I went to aerobics yesterday and must have pulled a muscle. Yeah, I'm sure that's what happened. I'm just not in the mood right now, sorry." She looked at me with something close to anxiousness and I quietly accepted her excuse, knowing full well why she was "sore."
Feigning innocence I helped her unpack the groceries, constantly glancing at how sexy she looked in her clothes. She reminded me of Jessica Simpson in the Dukes of Hazard movie...only a brunette version, and found myself getting hard even after blowing my wad several times already.
After all the groceries were put away we sat and started watching some movies she had rented from the store. I couldn't believe how aroused I was knowing the girl I was sitting next to had been fucked by dozens upon dozens of guys less than a day before and constantly found myself staring at her long legs. Moving my eyes up to her chest, I watched as each breath caused her breasts to move up and down, her nipples sticking out through the material. She did not even notice me staring as she was caught up in her own thoughts, and knew she was probably thinking about her predicament with the boys.
The telephone ringing startled us both and broke our thoughts, Annie getting up almost reluctantly to answer it. I couldn't help but admire how her ass was trying to break out of her shorts as she moved to the phone.
"Hello."
I saw Annie stiffen and knew something was up, so tried to tune out the television and listen to her. Wondering if it was her new "Masters," I watched her out of the corner of my eye straining my ears to listen.
"What the Hell do you want?" Annie's voice took on a tone of almost disgust and I almost looked over at her, but kept my eyes on the television. "What? Yeah right, let's see it happen," I heard her say.
Suddenly a cell phone started going off. It was Annie's as she moved over to her purse, pulling out her phone to see who else it was. Abruptly her face went pale, matching her top.
"No, you don't need to do that, I'm sorry," she said over the other phone putting her cell phone back.
Her voice took an almost a subservient role and I figured it had to be one of the boys. She listened for a bit longer and suddenly blurted out "You know I can't do that."
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Annie look over at me and pretended not to notice. She lowered her voice causing me to strain harder to listen.
"Please don't do this to me," I heard her plead. "No, you don't need to do it, I'll agree. And tell the others as well, I don't need them saying something at work."
Again she glanced over at me as I pretended to be absorbed in the movie on the television; however, my curiosity was peaked. It didn't sound like she was talking to one of the boys, yet didn't understand who it could be upsetting her.
"How? You know I can't without Bob!" she whispered. "OK, since I know that won't happen if you can swing it, then fine I'll go, but only this once, no longer, do you understand? Alright...OK, bye."
Hearing her hang up the telephone, I watched her come and sit next to me. Glancing at her, I saw she was visibly shaken.
"Who was it dear?" I asked innocently.
"What? Oh...uh...nobody, I mean, it was for mom, but she's out until later tonight," she said hastily. Annie's mind was definitely not on the movie as we sat there.
Lifting my arm to put on her shoulders she almost jumped off the couch quickly glanced at me. "Sorry, I'm feeling a bit tired," she said apologetically. "I think I'm going to go upstairs and lay down a bit. If you want, you can stay and watch the rest of the movie or whatever."
Telling her I understood, she went upstairs. My mind kept wandering to her telephone conversation, wondering who had been on the other end. The way Annie was preoccupied it had to have been Brian or William; however, parts of the phone conversation didn't add up and I would have expected her to have been angered, even if she would have submitted to their demands. Instead she seemed almost fearful, as if this was something unexpected.
Her comment about "not without Bob" kept rolling through my head and finally, my curiosity getting the best of me, picked up the phone and scrolled through the Call Waiting list to the last caller. I almost dropped the telephone when I read Rick's number!
Now I understood Annie's concern. At work Rick and the other guys always teased me about how sexy Annie was and jokingly asked when she was going to dump me so they could have her. Working in an auto-shop, the topics got pretty raunchy and discussions of Annie were prevalent. They even joked they didn't care if we were still dating, they would still fuck her...
Rick was always the instigator of these discussions; he had lusted after Annie since Junior high school. Rick and I grew up together and he had never gotten over his desire for her, his obsession even ruining several relationships with other women after they saw how he looked at her when she was near. I have always gotten excited with other men openly admired Annie, and having one of my friends lust after her never failed to give me a hard-on.
I told Annie it was innocent fun and was Rick's way of dealing with any woman, but she had never liked Rick, who was always trying to grope her when he thought I wasn't looking. It had reached a point of no return at a pool party last year. Though neither he nor Annie knew I had seen them, I had woken up one night in the back of Rick's car to see Annie with her top off giving Rick a hand job. The idea of Rick actually getting Annie to do this with me in the car almost caused me to cum right there. Though Annie never mentioned it to me, I had read about it in her diary--how Rick had forced himself on her and eventually gotten her to "pay" him for his kindness in driving us home.
Since the party, Annie always came up with some excuse of being busy whenever I invited her to go out when Rick would be around.
Knowing Rick's history with women, it was only a matter of time before Rick got his way, and now, it seems, things were really heating up. Secretly the thought of my friend fucking my girlfriend had always turned me on, and knowing how she had sucked all of my friends off at the mall was a major turn-on.
Again wondering what was going on, I remembered her reaction to the cell phone call. She had not taken it with her so reached for her purse. I felt guilty opening her purse like this, but after reading her diary, knew I had already breached any trust shy may have had of me and had to know what was going on.
Scrolling through the received calls I saw Rick's number again, dated several minutes ago. It was labeled with an attachment and opened it.
There to my surprise was Annie's face, a black dick in her mouth! I knew right then Rick must have taken pictures with his cell phone of Annie's bathroom suck fest at the mall. No wonder she was upset. Not only was she being blackmailed by Brian and William, but now my own friends seemed to be at it as well. The site of her with obviously Jerome Wilson's dick in her mouth was almost too much after watching the DVD and reading her diary.
My mind flashing to the disk in my gym bag, I decided to go home and watch it again. Checking on Annie, I saw she was asleep and left her a note I'd call her later.