As we all deal with our isolation in different ways, I have decided to write down a few of my adventures that I replay in my mind when I am feeling particularly frisky (if you know what I mean). So, I have tried to be accurate and complete in describing the backstory, scene, and as many details as I could remember. To that end, this will probably end up as a multi-part set of stories. I hope your patience will be rewarded.

Facebook is a great tool for reaching out and connecting with people, and although not all of those connections are welcomed or rewarding, some can be. When I reached out to an old high school, short-lived flame, I never would have guessed I would get to relive the times when I got to see the star football player naked. Having chatted on Facebook, we decided to get together for dinner. Our first dinner 'date' was very pleasant, and we spent several hours reminiscing about our high school days, and getting caught up on where our lives had taken us. It was surprising how our paths had run parallel to each other...the usual stuff...jobs in sales, children, and divorces, but it was clear that after all these years, we still had a connection. The tingling in my panties when he hugged me good night made that all too clear.
On our second dinner date, and this time it was definitely a date, as I decided to wear my sexiest LBD, reaching down just above the knee with slits on both sides that offered little resistance to either eyes or hands. During dinner I casually remarked, "we should go to Vegas." I purposefully didn't add any time element, so my declaration could have meant next week, next month, next year.
You can imagine my surprise when he answered, "ok, let's go."
What was I thinking? I couldn't go right now, and I knew that when I suggested it, but the spontaneity of both my invitation and his response made it clear that he wanted to see more of me. And I took it as a gauntlet thrown down! To my disappointment, he was the very definition of a gentleman when our date ended, but I wasn't going to leave it at just a hug this time. As he approached me for a hug, I held my hands to either side of his face and brought his 6'3" frame down to my waiting lips.
To be clear, I love kissing, and I needed to remind him of those high school nights when we sat in his car outside of my parent's house, making out for what seemed like hours. Any surprise he might have had to my aggressive move melted away as his hands roamed over my body and his tongue explored my mouth.
Two days later I messaged him saying, "let's go to the beach...today!" Being landlocked, and I mean two states away from the beach, my message was loaded with "road trip" and spontaneity. I didn't expect him to actually say yes, but he did, and now I was both nervous and elated. A few hours later we were on the road. As I tend to do, the conversation turned to sex...all things sex. I have a general curiosity about people and their sex adventures, but I also wanted to know what to expect. After all, it had been a long time since we were horny teenagers in the back of his car. As he told me about his sexual history, one thing was clear, our time since high school had made me much more sexually adventurous, and realized I had my work cut out for me to give him a real 'sexual adventure' on our trip.
The drive was relatively uneventful, but our sex talk did create an electric sexual tension that made me squirm in my seat and forced him to adjust his shorts several times. The hotel was right on the beach and we had a balcony with a full view of the coastline. It was beautiful and the weather was amazing. The beach beckoned but the hotel offered free sunset drinks on the roof, so we made a quick wardrobe change and off we went. I dressed in my favorite little skirt that just reached mid-thigh and a silk top that was just sheer and loose enough to confirm that I decided to go without a bra. I loved that he took the initiative to hold my hand as we made our way to the roof.
The rooftop bar was lovely with a 360-degree view of the city and ocean, and with the sun just dipping towards the horizon. The scene was delightfully romantic. Unsurprisingly, the temperature started to drop with the sun, and my nipples were the first to notice the change, and his eyes were the second. Having a devilish exhibitionist streak means that I am hypersensitive to those around me, especially when I am the center of attention. It gives me great pleasure when I catch someone's stray eye checking me out. The more they check, the more I show.
The bar was not very crowded which gave us to opportunity to quickly order our drinks and then pick a very nice table in the corner, overlooking the ocean. The truth is that I'm a bit of a lightweight when it comes to drinking, so one big glass of wine later and I was buzzing pretty hard. This usually means that I get very friendly and handsy. So, I don't think he could quite believe it when I leaned over for a kiss, holding one hand on the back of his head and one hand on his lap. I couldn't help but think that my leaning in probably gave him an excellent view down the front of my silk blouse, and I was hoping that he was paying attention. As we kissed, my hand explored his legs and stomach, finally resting directly on his cock. Even through his shorts, his cock was pleasantly swollen.
If my hard nipples and open blouse were not enough, I hoped my hand squeezing his awakening cock would let him know that this trip was going to be a lot of fun. After an hour of wonderful conversation and relentless teasing on my part, it was quite chilly and we decided it was time to go back to our room, but as we left, I graciously accepted a full glass refill of my wine and a sweet little wink from our bartender.
When we arrived back in our room, I teasingly walked straight to the balcony, pulled my blouse over my head, and told him he had to do his duty and take my topless picture with the ocean in the background. After all, we would need some mementos of our adventure. He complied, and I insisted he take a few in case the first one didn't come out. As I posed for him, and perhaps others walking on the beach, I couldn't help but notice that the pleasant bulge was reforming in his shorts.
Then, I slowly moved forward and pressed up against him, kissing him gently while my hands found their way into his shorts, feeling for his cock. His response was immediate. While his arms wrapped around me, caressing my naked back, his cock quickly stiffened. Suddenly, memories of us in the back seat of his car some 20 years earlier flooded into my brain, and it was only then that I remembered that his cock was actually one of my all-time favorites. I don't make a habit of ranking the cocks I have enjoyed, but the cock I was currently caressing was magnificent. For the record, I don't think I'm a size queen, but I do like to feel full...if you know what I mean. I want the last inch or so, as it mercilessly plunges into me, to force animalistic sounds to escape my mouth. And his full 8" would certainly qualify. But the truly remarkable thing about his cock was that I could not wrap my hand all the way around its base. I decided that I might not be a size queen but I was definitely a width queen.
With my hand firmly gripping his cock, I guided him to one of the balcony chairs and straddled him. I arched my back, pushing my breasts right into his face and let him nuzzle them, suck them, nibble them. Since our high school days my breasts had achieved a much fuller size and shape. I was very proud of their natural fullness, and loved to show them off. But having my nipples sucked and nibbled really pushed my buttons, especially on a balcony, overlooking the ocean, where anyone could just look up and watch our little show. I was overjoyed that he didn't seem to mind being out in the open air...perhaps he had an exhibitionist streak too. My mind raced with all the possibilities.
He put both hands on my hips stroking my body up and down, feeling me all over, exploring. As he pulled my skirt up, exposing my thong panties, he grabbed and squeezed my ass. I instinctively inched closer to his chest, so that I was able to grind on him and started kissing his mouth, neck, and anything else I could reach. Feeling his hard cock under me, I slid back and forth to make sure he was as hard as possible, then I moved off of him and down to my knees. Without words I tugged on his shorts and he helped me pull them off. As I pulled, he grabbed the top of his boxers, preventing them from coming off, but I reached up and took the waistband from him and pulled those off too. His huge cock twitched as it was released from all restraints, and my mind was pleasantly reassured...'yes, I remember you now...one of my all-time favorite cocks.' It was so big and hard and I knew I was going to need two hands, and frankly there was room for another girl to help...if we could find one.
I tickled his shaven balls with one hand and gently stoked his rock-hard shaft with the other, and he let out a most gratifying moan. I decided to tease him as much as I could, and provide me the time I needed to fall in lust with this long-lost friend. So, I then changed my tactics and used one hand as a make-shift cock ring, albeit only partially encompassing and squeezing the base of his cock, and used my remaining fingers to tickle his balls, while the other hand worked in unison with my mouth on the business end of his beautiful manhood. I would lick his shaft and suck and rub the tip but when I shoved it as deep as I could in my mouth, I could feel him tense with pleasure. I did this over and over and over. I completely lost track of time as I enjoyed every inch of his cock. This was something my past lovers had told me many times..."you sure do love sucking cock," and they were right about that!
He was so big and only a small part of his cock filled my whole mouth, but I used my hand to stroke the rest of his length, all the while keeping a strong hold on his base. He continued to thrust against me until he started to almost howl in anticipation. A deep moan started and he grabbed my head in his hands as he started to cum, pulsating over and over, filling my mouth with his warm cum. I kept swallowing but there was so much that I was overwhelmed, and quite a large amount spilled onto my breasts. I sat back when he was done, wiping my lips and smiling at him. As he started to recover and his cum was running down my breasts, I told him that it was time for round two of picture taking.
We were pretty exhausted from the long drive and drinking, so we decided to sleep it off. I have always been an early riser, and I couldn't help myself as I noticed his cock just within my reach. Many lovers have told me that they love to be awoken with a blowjob, so I thought now was a perfect time to get the day off to a great start. I stealthily slid under the covers and gently licked the entire length of his shaft. While he did not make any obvious moves to alert me that he had noticed, his cock was beginning to stir. As I continued my licking, I began to gently stroke his balls, and he began to stir as well. When I finally slipped the head of his cock into my warm, wet mouth, he slid his hand under the covers and began gently stroking my hair. I continued tonguing the head of his cock and slowly started stroking up and down his shaft with my hand. He started to mirror my rhythmic stroking by trusting his hips up and down, gently forcing his cock deeper into my willing mouth with each stroke. I was in total ecstasy but it was time to get serious, so I flung the sheet off our naked bodies and told him to roll onto his side. He seemed a bit confused by my suggestion, but he complied, and then I told him to fuck my mouth as roughly as he possibly could. He asked me, "are you sure?"
I told him, "trust me...just grab the back of my head and shove your cock as deeply as you can into my mouth."
He needed no further encouragement and followed my direction. But he started off a bit timidly, trying to be both gentle and forceful. But as I didn't offer any resistance, he started to get more aggressive, shoving his cock deep into my mouth and then withdrawing it to see if I resisted. I didn't. So, he took my submission as further encouragement and started to truly use my mouth as his personal play thing...exactly what I wanted him to do. I had learned long ago that for some strange reason, this position, both of us on our sides, completely suppressed my gag reflex and I was able to do things that were ordinarily impossible...especially with a cock of his size.
His trusts were now gaining real vigor, and just as I reached to caress his balls, they tightened and I knew my reward was about to flood my mouth. His last thrust was truly forceful and I took his entire length down my throat as he began to cum. He backed off his cock and his warm cum filled my mouth. I resisted swallowing and tried to capture every drop, but as hard as I tried, some of his delicious, sticky cum escaped my mouth. He finally relaxed and I popped up on my knees, opening my mouth to show him how full I was with his cum. He must have thought this was pretty funny because he started laughing with delight. I pointed to his phone on the nightstand and he grabbed it with haste, pointing it at my open mouth, taking as many pics as he could. Suddenly his mouth dropped open when I swallowed his load without closing my mouth. He watched in utter astonishment as his seed slowly disappeared down my throat. It was only then that I said, "good morning, lover."
As we cuddled in each other's arms, he casually mentioned that he had some friends who lived in town and asked if I was up for a visit. The idea sounded quite exciting to me and I hoped they were as fun and spontaneous as my friend. So, we headed over to do some more drinking and hopefully have some fun with his friends. They lived about an hour from the beach, basically in the hills surrounding the town. What surprised me the most was that they actually lived adjacent to a small lake with a dock at the end of a very expansive back yard.
They were a very cute, friendly couple. I guessed they were about the same age as us, although I did not recognize them as part of our high school group. Their seclusion next to the lake meant that they were very happy to have visitors. We all walked to the dock, sat in various chairs scattered about and enjoyed the sun, some drinks, and very pleasant conversation. I scooted my chair close to my friend and absent-mindedly started rubbing him through his shorts. It seemed like such a natural thing to do, even around people I had just met, and he simply put his arm around me like nothing was amiss.
This seemed to relax everyone and the conversation quickly turned to more intimate topics. We shared stories about our most adventurous sexual escapades, and I recounted the time when I met a man in Army fatigues at O'Hare airport, who was on his way to the middle east. After a couple of drinks at the bar and some pretty saucy conversation, I suggested that we go to a nearby men's bathroom, where I could give him a 'thank you for your service' blowjob before his deployment. My story seemed to have a positive effect on our new friends as she also started rubbing her partner's cock through his shorts, and then slipped her hand inside to continue her rubbing.
Things were escalating, and it did occur to me that I had just met this couple 30 minutes earlier, and now she was sucking his cock right in front of us on a dock that was completely exposed to anyone who happened by. I was thoroughly captivated by the sight of their lust for each other and decided to give my partner the same service. I moved to my knees in front of my friend and started pulling his shorts off and down to his ankles. I was thrilled to see that he decided to go 'commando' today, so I guessed that he thought today might be full of fun. His cock was already very hard as he watched the other couple.
She was now topless and in front of her man, loudly sucking and slurping his cock. As I looked back to watch her technique, I couldn't help but notice that between her bobbing up and down, his cock was truly impressive too...longer than my friend's by at least an inch or two, but not as thick. I looked back at the cock in my hands and slowly started stroking the entire shaft, kissing the head in servile cock worship. It was so wonderful to feel the warmth of the sun while stroking his cock and I slipped it into my waiting mouth. Both men were moaning with pleasure as we continued giving them our full attention. So, it was rather shocking, after several minutes, when our host spoke up and said, "Ok...switch!"
Without any hesitation my partner agreed and offered the following, "and I think our girls need to be naked in the sun."
As we girls both pulled ourselves away from our respective glistening wet cocks, we looked at each other and just smiled our acceptance. Everyone stood and the men slowly stripped us of our clothes, admiring our trim figures. While I was very proud of my 34C breasts, her DDs were on another level altogether...firm, beautifully shaped and only inches away, so I took the initiative and reached out to touch them. She responded by moving right in front of me and grabbed both of my breasts, kneading them forcefully. Then, she quite unexpectedly dropped her head to my breast and began sucking my erect nipple, biting gently...just as I love having them sucked. She moved from breast to breast, making me squirm as the men just stood by and watched. I lifted her head off my breast and in a most appreciative way, I kissed her deeply, thrusting my tongue into her mouth. This lasted for several moments until I felt hands starting to massage my back and ass.
The same thing must have been happening to her because we both suddenly snapped out of our bliss and remembered what we were supposed to be doing. We slipped past each other and I stood in front of her partner and for the first time I got to see his cock in all its glory. I couldn't resist giggling when I heard her exclaim behind me, "oh my god...look at this thing!" Obviously, she had just seen my partner's cock in all of its glory too. I made a mental note that I might need to help her with that monster as soon as I took care of my new friend.
I suggested that he take his seat again and I knelt down in front of him. As I reached out to stroke his 10" of pure manhood, I asked him, "would you like me to tease you mercilessly or would you like to shove this cock all the way down my throat?"
With the guile and confidence that only a man with such a massive cock could pull off, he said, "I want you to worship my cock until I can't take it any longer and then I am going to mercilessly fuck your mouth!" I had to giggle a little as he emphasized the word 'mercilessly.' Ok, I thought, let the game begin. Sitting before me was a man who wasn't afraid to tell me what he wanted, but was he man enough to take it?
He certainly knew how to push my buttons...my submissive, exhibitionist buttons. I knew that my first exploit would be to ignore his cock entirely. I stood up, put both of my hands on the hand rests of his chair, and leaned into him for a long, wet kiss. As I broke off from our kiss, I moved to his neck, gently kissing and nibbling from one side to the other, and then I pulled out my secret weapon...I moved to his ear. I sucked his earlobe into my mouth and my tongue played with it for several moments. Then, I whispered into his ear, "please Sir, please use my mouth as your fuck toy." To say that I was moving into some serious 'sub space' would be an understatement.
Until now he had resisted touching me, but my pleading had put his hands into overdrive and he explored every inch of my body as I continued to kiss and nibble on all parts of his upper body. With one hand on the verge of torturing my nipple, his other hand slowly started moving up the inside of my thigh. His boldness was unrestricted, and when I opened my legs only a couple of inches, he understood the invitation and continued his exploration. It might seem strange, but a funny thought actually popped into my head...this man, a complete stranger, was about to finger fuck my pussy, and my high school friend had not even had that privilege on this trip...at least not yet. I actually smiled at the thought.
Sure enough, my new partner teased my clit, flicking his finger back and forth, while I squirmed over him, sighing deeply. Then, without any resistance he shoved two fingers as forcefully as he could into my dripping cunt. My knees actually buckled under his assault on my pussy and I had to steady myself as my body gave a shudder. He took advantage of my unsteadiness and continued to shove his fingers in and out of my cunt for several strokes.
I regained whatever composure I could muster and straightened up in front of him as his fingers slowed and he started to really explore the inner crevasses of my pussy. As if on cue, I heard two quick blasts from a boat horn behind me and quickly turned my head to see three guys, on what looked like a water-skiing boat, all waving and cheering as they not-so-furtively passed out little scene of debauchery. I actually had to laugh when I looked over at our respective partners and watched as she simply held up her hand and waved, without missing a beat as she plunged up and down on my friend's cock. I have to admit that I was a bit bemused that they had not escalated things as much as we had. After all, while my playmate was waving at his boater friends with one hand, he continued exploring my pussy with his other. In hindsight, I suppose I could have waved the guys over to join us, but that might have been too presumptuous...even for me. Ah, next time!
As my attention returned to our activities, I continued to watch the blowjob taking place just behind me. She was diligently bobbing up and down on my friend's cock, trying her best to get as much of it into her mouth as she could, but it was clear that she could only manage about half of his length. Perhaps surprisingly, my high school friend was looking straight at me with a lustful grin on his face that confirmed that he not only knew what was happening to my cunt, but that he completely approved. I gave him a quick wink and then turned by attention back to the man sitting in front of me with a flagpole begging for my attention.
As much as I was enjoying his probing fingers, I decided to turn my focus back on his cock, so I knelt down in front of him again, causing his fingers to slip from their slippery haven, and I began stroking his shaft with both hands. I looked up into his eyes to make sure my decision was acceptable and caught him busily licking his fingers clean.
If his toying with my pussy was any indication, it was clear that today was going to be a pretty great adventure, but I wanted to move things along, so I asked him, "are you ready to fuck my mouth?"
He nodded and I told him to lay down on his side on the dock. As happened earlier in the morning, with my high school friend, my request was met with some confusion, but I told him to trust me and he acquiesced. It was a little surprising to hear a voice behind me say, "Oh...hold on a sec, we need to watch this."
So, now my exhibitionist side was in pure overdrive as I was not only going to willingly accept the assault of a 10" cock down my throat, but I was going to have an audience.
He stripped naked and assumed the position I requested, with his cock pointing right at my open, willing mouth. I told him, "don't be gentle...I want you to grab the back of my head and fuck my mouth as hard and fast as you want. Please use me as you wish." Unlike the tentativeness of the morning, my current partner took my direction to heart, and wasted no time in forcing his cock into my mouth.
His first thrust easily shoved more than half of his length into my throat, and he only got more aggressive from there. By his fourth trust my nose was getting rammed into his body and it was clear that his entire 10" cock was filling my mouth and throat. Even in my 'sub space', letting my new lover use my throat as he desired, I could hear his partner gasp in unbelieving wonder. She said to no one in particular, "Oh my God, I have never seen anyone take a cock that big all the way down their throat. I can only manage half on my best day."
My friend then spoke up and confirmed, "that's why I wanted us to watch...she did this to me this morning, and I couldn't believe it either."
My new friend started to adopt a very pleasing rhythm as he fucked my mouth. He would shove his cock in for three strokes without really pulling back very far, then upon his fourth stroke he would remove his cock almost entirely from my mouth. This gave me the chance to grab a quick breath before his assault would continue. I really didn't know if he consciously understood that, with a 10" cock down my throat, breathing was going to be impossible, but I appreciated this momentary reprieve.
When I'm in 'sub space' time becomes pretty meaningless, so I don't have any idea how long we had been going, but my jaw was starting to tire, so I decided to see if I could make him cum. Usually, all it takes is for me to caress the man's balls or perineum. If I'm feeling especially frisky I might even tease his puckered hole. In my experience, most men might say that this is a forbidden area, but when push comes to shove, they go completely wild when I play with it. I decided not to press my luck so I gently played with his balls and stroked his perineum.
His moans told me all I need to know and with a squeeze of his hand behind my head, he shoved his cock as deeply as he could into my mouth and throat. He practically screamed, "Oh...damn...I'm going to cum hard!" And that is exactly what he did. I could feel his cock throbbing, forcing his cum directly down my throat. He then started to slowly pull his cock from my throat and into my mouth...all the while shooting thick streams of cum into my mouth. It was so wonderfully warm and sticky. As I did that very morning, I resisted the urge to swallow my reward.
Once we had recovered our senses, I sat up and once again motioned for my friend to get his phone camera, and repeated my earlier performance with a man's cum filling my mouth. To my delight, this time, I had an audience, and everyone watched as I played with the cum in my mouth, swirling it around with my tongue. Then, quite unexpectedly, his girl rushed my mouth. She dove in and started probing my cum-filled mouth with her tongue, literally slurping her man's cum out of my mouth.
I've had my fair share of kinky experiences, but kissing a nude woman, outside for everyone to see, while exchanging her man's cum with our mouths, and getting pics taken of the entire event has to rank near the top.
Our men's faces were priceless...mouths open, with 'I can't believe what I am looking at' expressions on their faces. As for me, I felt both exhausted and exhilarated, but it was time for a break and I didn't know about anyone else but I was starving...for food this time. But be comforted, this story is far from over, and I will continue this adventure in part 2.