A most incredible thing has happened. I've been contacted by some dedicated fans who have preserved my previous stories. So, in response to many requests, I can now edit and republish the works. There were 55 chapters in all. 9 of the first 13 were removed by Literotica for policy issues. It will take some time, but I intend to republish them all, the titles will all begin with the words 'Original Angels' followed by a (new) chapter number. The series includes erotic encounters, voyeurism, exhibitionism, incest, lesbian sex and other taboos. All characters are over the age of eighteen.
A Weekend With Three Angels by Rob in AZ ©
*****
It was the best night's sleep I have ever had. Being in bed with Trish relaxed me so much and I felt so secure in her presence. It wasn't about sex, (although our fuck in the chair was awesome) it was more about love and companionship. It felt so natural to be with her. It was as if we had always been together.
But other than the massage at my house, this was our first date. And her two teenage daughters were in the next room. I never could have dreamed of this scenario. But it just felt right. And I guess not only Trish, but both of her daughters felt comfortable with me as well. We had all gotten naked together on the very first day we met. I must confess that I think they found that easier to do than I did. But it all had happened. And to have Teri ask her mother to masturbate her last night while Trish was sitting on my lap was one of the most amazing things I had ever witnessed.
I was lying in bed reviewing all of these thoughts when Trish opened her eyes. We smiled at each other and she snuggled closer to me and we kissed. It was a romantic good morning kiss.
'Hi there handsome.' She whispered.
'Good morning to you.' I said. 'Did you sleep well?'
'Mmmm. I haven't slept with a man in such a long time. But I think I remember that I like it.'
I had wondered about whether I was just another guy on her list, or if maybe I was really something new and special in her life. That comment gave me a clue, and I liked it.
'You know Trish, I used to think that going to bed with a woman was just about sex, but with you, it's much more than that. I just love being with you, and it's not like we have to be screwing to make it... you know...' I was at a loss for words.
Trish put her finger to my lips to quiet me. 'I know.' She said. 'I feel the same way. I've never really felt this way before. And it's all happening so fast.'
She pulled closer to me and we kissed again.
'I hardly know anything about you.' I said. 'I don't even know if you like to drink coffee in the morning.'
Trish laughed. 'You're going to learn something new about me and my girls.'
At that moment I heard noises in the kitchen.
'That's Tracy. She's making a pot of coffee right now. She and I both drink it in the morning. How about you?'
'Yes, black. I usually grind my own.'
'So do we, and we bring it with us when we come here. We like the flavored blends. I think I packed Irish crème.'
'That's amazing!' I told her. 'I like the flavors too. I think I have hazelnut in the grinder at home right now.'
'Rob, I think we're going to find that we are very compatible.' She kissed me again.
'I hate to leave you, even for a minute, but I have to pee.' I said. I rolled out of bed and went into the bathroom. I was standing at the toilet when I felt Trish's arms around my waist and then her hand on my cock.
'Tell me when to shake it. I've always wanted to do this.' She giggled.
When my stream stopped I said, 'OK. Gently.'
She shook it gently being careful not to point it away from the bowl. 'Pretty good for a first timer.' I complimented her.
I reached for the handle and flushed it, then put the seat down for her. I'm not sure what prompted me to do that, because it's certainly not my habit!
When I stepped aside to the sink and washed my hands, Trish sat down on the toilet and began to pee. I thought about how it was nice that we were both OK with that. I know that some couples could never do that without privacy, but with Trish, I felt that I could share absolutely anything. I brushed my teeth and rinsed my mouth. Trish flushed the toilet and got up and washed her hands and face and brushed her teeth as well. I went into the bedroom and got back in bed.
Trish came back and she had just gotten back on the bed with me when Tracy appeared at the door with two cups of coffee in her hands. She was nude, of course, and she smiled at us both as she approached the bed.
'I didn't know if you like coffee, Rob, so I brought one for me and one for mom. Do you want some too?'
'Yes please Tracy, black.'
'OK' she smiled, 'I'll be right back.' She handed a mug to Trish and set the other on the nightstand next to her mother. I watched her cute little ass as she walked out the door.
Trish looked at me. 'We usually have coffee together in my bed in the morning, unless we're in a hurry. I hope you don't mind.'
I thought for a moment. 'The more the merrier.' I joked. 'This will certainly be a first for me, but I think I can get used to it.'
Tracy reappeared with another mug which she brought over and handed to me. Then she walked around to the other side of the bed and sat down next to Trish. Trish slid over closer to me to make room and then put her arm around Tracy. They both sipped their coffee and then lay back together.
'Is there anything special you want to do today?' She asked.
'Can we go horse back riding?' Tracy queried.
I remembered that Teri had mentioned stables last night.
Trish nodded and then looked at me. 'Do you ride, Rob?'
I smiled and nodded back. 'Sure, why not?'
'This is kind of weird.' Tracy said. 'I've never been in bed with you and a man before, mom. Did you guys have sex last night?'
I was taken back by the boldness of Tracy's question. But Trish seemed to take it in stride. She hesitated before she answered though. And then she avoided a direct answer.
'Well, I was thinking about it this morning, but now I think we can wait.'
Tracy looked over at me. 'Do you want to have sex with my mom?'
This girl was certainly not shy!
But I worked up a polite and honest response. 'I think your mom is one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen before, and I look forward to making love with her sometime soon.'
'Well I'll leave if you want me to.' Tracy said.
Trish and I both spoke together. 'No, you stay right here.'
Trish hugged Tracy again. I realized the importance of that moment and how it emphasized the fact that I would never come between Trish and Tracy.
We all sipped our coffee, and as if on queue, Teri walked in the room. She walked right up to my side of the bed and asked, 'Is there any room for me in here?'
Making the same point again, we both nodded and said yes. Without hesitating, Teri sat down next to me and snuggled up close. I instinctively put my arm around her and hugged her. Then I realized what I was doing and released her slightly. But she cuddled closer.
'Mom, I like Rob. Are you guys going to sleep together again?'
She was every bit as bold as her sister.
'I like Rob too, very much,' she smiled at me, 'I hope he'll want to sleep with me again.'
The circumstances and frankness of this conversation was just blowing me away! But I also realized what an incredible bonding experience it was. Teri put her arm across my belly just above my cock. I wasn't sure if she was unaware of its proximity or if she was testing the moment.
'Mom, would you like to have a man round the house? I think it would be neat. Rob, would you like to live with mom and Tracy and me?'
Precocious didn't even begin to describe this young girl! Trish didn't even get a chance to answer and I was speechless.
After a few very silent moments Trish replied, 'Honey, Rob and I are just getting to know each other right now. Those aren't the kind of decisions that we can make until we get to know each other better. It takes time. But I like Rob very much and if he likes me too, then maybe someday that could happen.'
I was flabbergasted with the quality and beauty of Trish's answer to Teri, but her next statement really told me something that made the most sense of all.
She said. 'But you should never make that a goal in your life. Love is the only emotion that we cannot control. And so we have to allow relationships to grow and evolve. If God means for us to be in love and together, He will let it happen in His time, and we will all be blessed by His plan.'
You could have knocked me over with a feather! I gained more insight into Trish at that moment than I ever could have believed. And I acquired more respect and admiration for her than I ever could have imagined. I understood what she was saying and I wanted God to keep us together, and without realizing it, I was praying that I was really worthy of being with this wonderful woman!
It was so profound and such a serious moment that I was just stunned. Tracy and Teri were internalizing what their mother had just said. Such a valuable lesson needed a quiet moment to sink in. After the moment had its effect, Trish lightened it all by reminding us, 'We should be getting up soon though. We were talking about a horse back ride today. How does that sound to you Teri?'
Teri jumped with joy. She reached across me and hugged Trish. In doing so, she straddled my legs and my cock poked up into her tiny virgin vulva. When she released herself from her mother, she sat back onto me even harder and then with out even thinking (I think?) she hugged me and kissed my cheek. I instinctively hugged her back and felt my cock twitch between her legs. I think she felt that then too, but without acknowledging a thing, she slid off and ran out the door to get ready for the day.
Tracy gulped the last of her coffee and slid out of bed. She turned to her mom and as a way of expressing her love and admiration for her mother, she hugged her and kissed her and said, 'I love you mom. You are so cool, and I am so lucky to have you for my mother.'
Trish smiled and said, 'I love you too honey. More than anything in the world.'
As Tracy walked out the door, I turned to Trish and gazed into her eyes. 'You are incredible.' I said. 'The more I learn about you, the more I love you. And Tracy is right. Both those girls are so blessed to have you for a mom.'
I leaned closer and we kissed lovingly. I put my hand on her arm and drew her closer. My fingers slipped down to her breast and I pinched her nipple lightly. It grew firm and I rolled it between my thumb and finger. Trish's tongue drove deeper into my mouth. She reached down and held my growing cock in her hand. Breaking the kiss, she said, 'Let's take a shower.'