(Typical disclaimer: This is a continuation of this series, if you don't read at least part 1, you probably won't understand the setting very well.)
Mike felt guilty after the prank they played on Sophie, so he decided to go for a walk. It wasn't long before he happened across something strange. There were a couple pizza boxes from a restaurant he had never heard of sitting on the ground right next to a half opened apartment door. The boxes said Big Sausages Pizza, and the box had a design that was very strong on the innuendo the name implied.
There was also a note saying, "I'm sorry I couldn't finish delivering this, I had a family emergency and had to leave."
Mike thought it was weird that the pizza delivery guy couldn't finish the delivery with the apartment right there. He decided to be nice and finish the delivery for him. He picked up the boxes and knocked on the door frame. No answer. Mike could hear some subtle music playing like from some headphones or something.
He was hesitant to just walk in, even with the door already half open. But then he realized that was probably what the owner wanted. Maybe they were in the middle of something that they couldn't step away from. So he cautiously peeked inside and said, "Hello?"
No answer. Mike was starting to get a little worried, so he stepped in fully and turned the corner into the living room. There he saw something that instantly made him start thickening up. There was a slim 18-year old looking girl in blue silk panties and a t shirt. She had a VR headset on and was waving her arms around wildly while wiggling her cute butt to the music pumping from her headset.
Mike was mesmerized by the bouncing cheeks in front of him. He was about to drop off the pizza's and leave, when the song ended and the adorable blonde in shoulder-length pigtails pulled the headset off. That was when Mike noticed she was covered in sweat. Her white shirt was so wet that it clung to her pointy grapefruit sized breasts underneath. It was obvious she was not wearing a bra underneath as her nipples were hard hand rocks.
She looked at Mike and smiled. "Oh, hey, sorry, I didn't hear the door." Then she noticed he was naked, and her smile grew bigger. "Wow, I knew your pizza parlor was known for their big sausages, but I didn't expect that big."
Mike had no words. He felt like he had just stumbled into a porn-shoot. The girl looked at him expectantly for a second and then asked, "How much do I owe you?"
"Um... Nothing."
"Oh really?" She grinned as she twirled one of her pigtails with her fingers. "Well, at least let me give you a tip, or rather, maybe you could give me a tip." She smiled lasciviously.
"No!" Mike said more forcefully than he meant. The reaction startled and confused her. "I just mean, I'm not the pizza guy. I'm one of your neighbors."
"And you decided to deliver my pizza nude?" She asked confused.
"Yes, I mean no, I mean, I have this condition that forces my body to produce too much sperm. So I have a special allowance with the apartment manager where I can be nude anywhere on the grounds."
The girl eyed him for a second, and then recognition spread across her face. "Oh no, that sounds horrible. Well, for your trouble, let me help you with your semen back up."
"My what?" Mike asked.
The girl stepped forward and threw the pizza's to the side. She wrapped her hands around his neck and kissed him passionately on the lips. Then she nuzzled her cheek to his and whispered in his ear. "I like the script change, but a little heads of would be appreciated." Mike was more confused now than ever.
She pulled away and let her hands trace down Mike's torso before resting them on his erection. She began pumping him as she asked her next question. "Do you want me to drain your excess cum with my mouth or my lips?" She traced her lips with her left hand, and then rubbed her panties as she said lips.
That was all Mike needed. He blasted her with his typical huge load. It covered her face, shirt, panties, legs, arms, and even a little on the wall behind her. She was shocked and couldn't breathe at first. Then she took in a sharp gasp and started looking at her cum drenched body. She took another breath.
After the third breath she seemed to regain her composure and said, "My, my my, you weren't kidding. It looks like I'm all dirty now though. I think I'll go take a shower, would you like to join me?"
With that, she stripped off her shirt and dropped her panties. The perfect cum lines where her clothes had been were almost as hot as her body. She slinked out of the room toward the bathroom. "My name's Kelsy by the way. What's yours?"
"Ma... Mike." He stuttered out.
"Well, Mamike, I hope you won't keep me waiting long."
Mike heard the shower start running and the curtain rustle. A few seconds later he peeked into the bathroom to see a now clean Kelsy groping her breasts under the stream of the water.
Kelsey looked at him and smiled. "Are you a voyeur Mike? Do you like to watch hot 18 year old coeds masturbate in the shower?" Then she began toying with her clit as she pulled and twisted her nipple.
Mike's hand instinctively went to his own shaft. Kelsy slid her middle finger into her pussy and moaned. It wasn't long before she was gasping and moaning while Mike was grunting in agreement. It was like they were speaking to each other in some ancient animalistic language.
Kelsy screamed as her pelvis began rocking upward and squirting Mike with her cum. In return, Mike hit her with another blast that plastered her to the tile wall behind her. Kelsey scooped some cum from her chest into her mouth. Mike recognized the sudden arousal his cum tended to have on women who ate it.
"Are you going to join me, or are you just going to keep teasing me?" She asked as she stepped back into the stream of water, letting it wash her clean again.
Mike was to her in less than two steps. He kissed her hard and started groping her tits. Up until this point he had just let her lead him. He had been confused by what was going on, and afraid he would offend her. It was obvious now that she was just really horny and wanted him.
Mike stepped into the shower without breaking the kiss and wrapped his arms around her lower back. They slid up and down her smooth wet back several times before finally settling on her glistening butt. He squeezed and kneaded them hungrily.
Kelsy was doing the same but to Mike's torso. She traced the lines of his six-pack with her fingers before sliding her hands up to his chest. She playfully tweaked his tiny nipples, before moving her hands to his shaft. Kelsy wasted no time at that point and slid him into her pussy.
They both came quickly in this position. Cum filling her to bursting before it shot out and streamed down her legs. Kelsy's orgasm was so intense that Mike had to hold tight to her cheeks to keep her from falling. Kelsy wrapped her arms around his waist and buried her face in his chest.
She whispered, "Where did the production company find you?"
Before he could ask her what she meant, Kelsey felt him stiffening up yet again. She smiled and pulled off him. Kelsy squat down and started giving him a blowjob. As she stared up at him, Mike noticed her brilliant blue eyes for the first time. She was gorgeous.
Kelsy then stood and turned around. She bent just enough so that Mike could have easy access again. Mike slid inside her pussy again and reached around to hold her tits. Kelsy reached through her legs and played with his balls. Again, it didn't take long before they were grunting in sync, and Mike began filling her. This time she couldn't handle the full load though, and she slipped off of him letting him douse her back and butt in his cum.
Not even a second later they suddenly her an angry female voice. "What are you doing to my daughter?"
They both looked up in surprise. Mike was even more shocked though for multiple reasons. First, Fifi Fitz stood in the doorway with her fists on her hips. Second, there was no way she was Kelsy's mother. Fifi couldn't have been more than 26.
"I said, what are you doing to my daughter?" The anger on her face looked real.
"Mom, it wasn't him, it was me. I was really horny and..."
"Hush!" Fifi told her. Then she looked back at Mike and stepped right up next to him. Her face was inches from his, and she never removed her angry expression as she whispered. "Pretend like I'm scolding you. You somehow stumbled into our porn. Didn't you see all the camera's in the corner's of every room?"
Mike looked for them out of the corner's of his eye's. He saw them instantly, they were impossible to miss. They were huge, and they angled and zoomed noticeably. Fifi continued. "Please play along. We just got accepted to this website where viewers think they are watching our everyday life. The owners of the site are really strict about never breaking character. At the very least we could be fired, at the worst, they could sue us for breach of contract."
"What do you need me to do?"
"Just play along and ignore the camera's." Then she stepped back and yelled, "Both of you, out of the shower now."
Kelsy and Mike obeyed immediately. They stood there at attention despite being soaking wet, but naked and now freezing. The water had gone cold not to long after Fifi interrupted them. Kelsy's nipples were bigger and harder than they had ever been.
"Both of you, in the living room now!" Fifi barked. The two scurried into the living room and were ordered to sit on the couch. They did so, and continued to shiver as Fifi went on a well acted tirade about Kelsy just throwing away her virginity as soon as she turned 18.
Mike had to restrain a laugh at the idea of Kelsy being in any way a virgin. He wasn't even sure if she was actually as young as they were claiming. The longer he was with her, the more he started to think he was closer to her mid twenties. But he held his composure and did his best to look sad.
"No, what is a fitting punishment?" Fifi asked herself. She stared off into space for a second. "I know, I haven't had to pull this out in a long time, but I think you need a good spanking."
"Mom, no! That's humiliating, especially while I'm naked in front of someone else."
"I think that is the perfect time to do it." Fifi said as she took Kelsy's place on the couch and had her straddle her lap. They were so close to Mike, that he was worried he would get hit by the back hand.
Mike couldn't help but stare at her butt. Fifi grabbed her costar's butt and squeezed it. She pulled the cheeks apart so that Mike could see her hole. "Is this what you wanted? To show off your body?"
"Mom, stop." Kelsy whined.
"What about this?" Fifi slid her down to Kelsy's pussy and rubbed her fingers across her lips. "Is this what you were wanting? Is this what is already making you hard again?"
For Mike, the truth was yes. He was already slowly starting to engorge again. He kept his thighs closed to keep it under control, but that would only work for so long. At some point that would be too painful to hold.
Then, without warning, Fifi slapped her costars backside. The sound startled Mike almost as much as Kelsy. The wack left a red hand print on her cheek. Fifi spanked her several more times and Mike couldn't hold it any longer. His erection sprung up from between his legs.
Fifi stared at it in shock. It wasn't the outrage look the role called for, but she quickly recovered. "Does this turn you on?" She asked, and slapped her again.
Mike's lower head nodded for him. "And what about you? Does this turn you on?" Fifi asked Kelsy before spanking her twice more.
Kelsy said nothing, and Fifi said, "Fine, I'll find out myself." She again slid her hand down to her costars pussy and brought it back soaking wet. "That's what I thought. I guess there is only one thing left to do."
"What's that?" Kelsy asked.
"I once heard about parents punishing their kids for smoking by locking them into a closet and forcing them to smoke the entire pack. Mike is going to screw you until you are sick of sex."
The idea excited both of them, but they had to play their parts. "I'm not sure if I'm comfortable with this."
"Tough, unless you want me to call the cops on you for taking advantage of my daughter."
Mike was about to put up more of a token defense, but Fifi gave him a parental death stare that would have shriveled him if he actually had a problem with this. "Yes Ma'am. Kelsy, where's your bedroom?"
"No, you have to do it here so that I can make sure you actually do it." Fifi demanded.
Mike was legitimately afraid to say another word, so he stood and slid into Kelsy from behind as she lay on Fifi's lap. He awkwardly seesawed in and out of her until he came again. About halfway through his cumming, he pulled out and came on her back and butt.
He accidentally got quite a bit on Fifi's blouse though. She sighed and said, "Well, I guess this needs to be washed now." Fifi unbuttoned her shirt and peeled it off revealing her massive tits. She was wearing a white cotton bra that made Mike drool over her cleavage.
"Continue." She said. Mike slid into Kelsy again, and she came instantly. Apparently, she had been right on the edge when he finished. Mike came a few moments later and again drenched her back and butt with the second half of the load. And, yet again, he got some on Fifi's bra.
"I guess this too." She reached for her front clasp and released the titans. The giggle from their freeing made Mike cum again instantly. This time, the cum plastered her tits. Fifi sighed and said, "You better clean these off. And I think you should do it with your mouth as part of your punishment."
A spike of fear rose up in Mike as he thought she was talking to him at first. But then Kelsy got up and began licking the cum off Fifi's tits. She sucked on the nipples while she was at it, and the sight was one of the most erotic things Mike had ever seen. Fifi looked at him and said, "Continue."
So, he did. As he was pounding away at Kelsy again, he couldn't help but notice how much pleasure Fifi was getting out of the nipple sucking. Her eyes rolled back into her head and her breathing became labored. Suddenly, she let out a cry of pleasure and a second later, Mike felt her juices pooling around his feet.
Mike came in Kelsy's pussy three more times, her mouth four, and Fifi even made Kelsy take two loads in the butt. Finally, Kelsy passed out from exhaustion on the floor after her enumerable orgasms as well. Mike wasn't even sure if she was conscious for the last two loads, but Fifi made him continue.
"I think she's learned her lesson, what about you?"
Mike thought of a great way to play his character, and he said, "No, I've got plenty more loads to go around."
Fifi smiled and said, "I was hoping you would say that." She stripped off her skirt and pulled Mike into a passionate kiss. His shaft found its home, and they had sex standing directly over Kelsy's body. His cum and Fifi's squirt rained down on the unconscious girl.
Mike grabbed her massive tits and began sucking on the nipples, which is something he had wanted to do since they made their appearance. Fifi came three more times before Mike could come again. She apparently had ultra sensitive tits, and came easily when they were played with.
Over the next couple hours, they came many more times together. He filled her pussy, her butt, mouth, covered her legs, stomach, butt, back, tits, hair, and face with his cum. When they could barely stand, she offered to walk him home. Mike thought she would shower off and get dressed first, but she didn't. She walked him butt naked covered in his cum to his door.
They talked about her and Kelsy's arrangement with all the camera's, and she promised Mike would get a cut every time he came over. He asked her about the age thing.
She laughed at the question. "Woman my age play milf's all the time. People don't want reality when they look at porn, they want hyper-reality. The hilarious thing though, is Kelsy's actually older than I am. She's 28, she just has great genetics."
When they got back to his apartment, Chen and Aahna were home. They laughed and talked about what happened that day. Aahna wanted a go on Mike, but he was too exhausted to keep his eyes open. So she kissed him goodnight and started to walk Fifi to the door.
Chen said, "I just want you to know that you are my favorite porn-star."
"Thanks." I would autograph something for you, but I have nothing on me.
"Actually, I'd be thrilled just to lick that cum off your body." Chen joked. "I mean, how many fans could say they got to do that."
"Well, I needed a shower anyway." Fifi said before laying down on the floor in the living room.
Chen and Aahna were stunned, but also weren't going to pass up this opportunity. Chen started on her face and licked her way down, while Aahna started at her feet and worked her way up. Aahna reached her pussy the same time as Chen reached the woman's breasts.
Being double teamed like this, it didn't take long for Fifi to have the most intense string of orgasms in her life. She actually passed out after the final one. Aahna and Chen continued licking her clean until their mouths met on her stomach. They kissed, and then began stripping as they made out.
They each straddled one of Fifi's Massive tits. They used her hard nipples to toy with their own clits, and were cumming in a matter of seconds. Once done, they laid down on either side of the woman, and used her breasts as pillows. The three spent the night like that.
(To be continued.)