For those who have been asking for more of Carrie's exploits. Thanks for your feedback.
*************
Carrie had been nervous and distracted over the weekend. The plug she had removed from her clutches was on a shelf in the bathroom and caught her eye every time she went in - a lewd reminder of the events of the previous week and of Friday in particular. It had made her journey home challenging, as he had intended, and been driven into her with a jolt with every pothole that the bus trundled over.
She had tried to keep her expression neutral, but she was still frantic with adrenaline from her encounter with the note master through the book case and his cum was drying on her thighs. She'd had to coax the plug out of herself in the shower in her flat and had suddenly felt empty without it. She gazed at the object he had pushed into her, and that had just spent a bus journey gently fucking her in the arse, and realised she was dripping wet. She wanted to see her master's face as she made him come.
But it had been playing on her mind that perhaps the previous Friday was his endgame and that now he had fucked her there would be no more notes, no more interest. Maybe he just liked to take girls in this way and that would be that. She felt lost at the thought of having started down a path into the woods, only for the path to disappear - Carrie knew she had started learning about herself and she also knew she wasn't finished.
So it was with trepidation she made the journey to work on Monday, hoping hard for a note and telling herself to be pragmatic if there wasn't one. It was with pure glee that she saw one waiting for her on her desk, followed quickly by panic - it wasn't hidden at all this time, and it said simply:
'Carrie your cunt feels incredible.'
She was pleased with the compliment (and her pussy responded happily) but also knew that the publicly embarrassing nature of it was totally intentional. Would someone have seen it? They would know it was meant for her - it was on her desk - and implicitly written by someone who had experienced her cunt. What kind of reputation would that get her? She pondered someone saying, "Carrie gets hand written notes about her cunt like a slutty school girl."
She was ecstatic, though, that it meant his interest continued, and that he enjoyed 'The Republic' as much as she did. When would they get to return? What did he look like? What would he make her do next? Could she refuse him anything? She tried to imagine the most awful things he might ask her to do, but the trouble was that was just turning her on. 'What an obedient slut you're becoming, Carrie,' she chastised herself inwardly, 'You can't even contemplate what your boundaries are without getting your knickers wet.'
There were no more notes that day and Carrie took the opportunity to be highly efficient, and get through some of the things she had been letting slide the previous week, as her libido had taken control. There was no sense in losing her job out of horniness. Then what would she do? Become a submissive escort for a rich benefactor?...Carrie realised her mind was wandering again.
That evening she went to the gym. She hadn't been for a while and truly enjoyed exhausting herself, and trying to suppress the sexual demons. All the sweaty exertion and the bodies around her had the opposite effect though - her eyes flitted between the men grunting under free weights to her right while a girl was sweating up her lycra and bouncing appealingly as she pounded away on a treadmill.
When she got to showering, Carrie peeled down her sodden sports thong and saw it was a gluey mess. He would want these, she thought. He would come copiously as he smelled her flavours, licked them perhaps. Carrie suddenly realised that she was standing in the empty changing rooms touching her naked pussy with her fingertips, juice spilling onto them.
She stopped, showered and went home for dinner. She'd not touch that again until she had more tasks. She somehow felt she owed him her orgasms now.
He didn't disappoint her - there was a task on her desk and again there'd been no attempt to hide it. She held her breath and looked around.
'Leave work without knickers or tights on. Take the underground. Show a stranger your pussy.'
Wow, that was new, she thought. She had never been one for dressing provocatively, keeping cleavage to a minimum. Necklines were high and skirts were long, generally, so it was rare for anyone even to see her thighs. And she was to spread her legs and let someone see her vagina, which she already knew would be presenting itself like the greedy, needy little slut that it was.
How did he know she was wearing a skirt today? It was knee length and grey and she wore cream coloured tights. She was dressing up for her note-master these days, but it was thrilling to know that he knew already what she had on for the day. Or perhaps the task would be the same if she'd had trousers on. Just harder - she'd have had to rip a hole in the crotch so she could display it properly.
She was already nervously excited about it and the day seemed to drag on. She was wearing a thong for no particular reason other than that she liked how the fabric stretched between her cheeks and felt slightly uncomfortable (since she wasn't that used to wearing one except when exercising) and that the wool of her skirt was rough against the cheeks of her arse. She was setting her own little tasks, she realised.
By 4pm, she was too excited to wait longer, and she stripped her tights and underwear off in the toilet. She had to wrap her thong tightly in the tights, since it was a slippery, gooey thing now and she didn't want to cover everything in her bag with pussy juice. She could also smell the potent aroma of her cunt and arse on them, as she sniffed them briefly before stashing them away.
So her wet lips were now free as she sat back at her desk to finish up the last bits of work for the day, knowing she had stripped off earlier than she needed to, and wondering who she was going to flash her hidden slit at, and how they would respond.
It was thoughtful of him to stipulate the underground, Carrie thought. It meant it was not her usual commute home since she normally took the bus, so she could pick someone she wouldn't see again. And the arrangement of the seats opposite each other was actually ideal for flashing one's cunt, it now dawned on her. Unlikely to factor in Transport for London's decision making, or whoever, she mused.
Taking the underground rather than the bus would take about the same amount of time, involve a bit more of a walk, and generally more crowds, which was why she didn't usually bother with it. She strolled along the grey pavement - it was a grey day, but she was thrilled by the breeze on her naked pussy. It intensified as the stale familiar smell of the underground rushed up the steps and up her skirt as she descended towards the tube station. She was reminded of Friday's task again, since that day she had also gone home knickerless, but the plug at the time had been the bigger distraction - she suddenly missed that fullness.
To get to the platform Carrie had to huddle on a crowded escalator and she felt certain the woman pressed close to her on the step below was near enough to smell her cummy excitement. She partly hoped that was the case, and still she blushed.
As the train pulled to the platform and the announcement warned in its robot voice to mind the gap, Carrie was joking to herself - who would be carefully minding her gap in a few minutes?
The stop she got on at was never as busy as the next one along on the line, which meant Carrie got a seat and there was not yet anyone sitting opposite. Carrie crossed her legs, and then practiced opening her thighs while keeping them crossed, fiddling with her shoe as an excuse for the unusual position of her leg. She certainly felt as though that manoeuvre would give anyone sitting there an excellent eyeful of her pink parting lips. She reversed the action just in time for the train to rattle into the next stop where the platform was quite a bit more crowded.
Throngs of people strode onto the train and began filling the empty seats, the rest standing by the doors and avoiding interacting. The person who sat opposite her was a youngish man (and Carrie wondered if she would still have gone through with it if an elderly woman had picked that seat). He was a city man, she judged, and junior enough to still use the tube. He had that look of not being quite broken by the relentless hours yet, but it wasn't far off.
He was both bored and enthralled by his phone, like every other person on the train without a paper or book, and Carrie suddenly thought the task might be too difficult - simply in order to get someone's attention. He did glance at her though. He was roughly her age, and he registered her bare legs - it was not quite warm enough out for that not to be noteworthy.
Once his eyes were on her legs Carrie held her breath and began her manoeuvre, parting them and adjusting how she had them crossed, bringing her heel towards her hand to fiddle with her shoe whilst raising her knee and simultaneously giving the tired young man a very thorough view of her open and sticky cunt lips, framed by short soft curls.
He looked stunned, and unable to avert his gaze. He stared until she hid it, and then he caught her eye. She felt like her pussy was blushing from the powerfully fuck-hungry look he had given it, and her eyes weren't sure what silent communication was taking place now between her and the stranger opposite who had just seen her wet cunt on display for him.
He rode for two more stops before standing to leave, and she saw the bulge she had given him and when he passed her he pressed against her leg with his own - almost gratefully it seemed.
An older man took his place straight away. Mid fifties, Carrie reckoned, and married. She knew she had already completed her task, she did not need to show this man the wet mess between her thighs, but it very much wanted to be seen, and she let it take charge. She wanted this man to go home to his wife and fuck her until she screamed, inspired by the hot young pussy he'd just glimpsed. Or not even make it that far, and have to stop for a wank before getting home.
Before he could get too absorbed in the paper he was opening - you have to be of a certain generation to try and read a broadsheet on an underground train - Carrie made sure he noticed her legs, and then started the same trick again.
When she saw his expression change as she parted her thighs and displayed her hot little pussy one more time, Carrie herself was the one who was desperate to masturbate, right here with an audience, and make a wet patch of cum on the upholstery. She made sure he had a good look at her cunt, and when she moved her legs she felt his eyes move to her face searchingly, looking for clues as to who this girl was, riding the tube with her pussy on show.
It was Carrie's stop, and she felt his eyes never leave her as she stood and left the train, glancing back at her seat as though she really did fear a wet patch.
Back in her flat, the bulbous plug still sat on her bathroom shelf, begging her to push it up her arse, just to remember how it felt.
Carrie went to the gym again, to exorcise the demons, she joked with herself.
Back at her desk the next morning, Carrie saw no note but there was a hairbrush there which hadn't been there before. It had a small pink ribbon around the handle. Otherwise it wasn't particularly special, just a broad elliptical flat back with spines on the other side, and a smooth handle. It also wasn't new - there were one or two long blonde hairs on it. This was another girl's hairbrush and Carrie would have assumed it was lost property handed in if it weren't for the ribbon and how it was placed. It was definitely his work but what did it mean?
Who was this girl? Carrie pondered that for most of the day.
About an hour before closing time Carrie fetched herself her last cup of tea for the day, returning to see a note wrapped around the handle of the brush.
'Once you have locked up, bend over your desk, expose your arse, place the hairbrush on your lower back and do not turn round.'
Carrie had hoped and suspected that the broad hairbrush would be used to spank her and this seemed to confirm it. She trembled with anticipation, and a little bit of fear. She had never been spanked, even as a child, since her parents were not old fashioned enough to believe in physical punishment - not that her childhood had been carefree by any means.
And the few relationships she'd had never developed to a level of trust that would have allowed her to raise the possibility of exploring spanking. Besides, someone either wanted to wallop her arse cheeks or they didn't, Carrie thought. One shouldn't have to ask.
So all four of her cheeks were already burning even as Carrie locked the large old doors and made her way back to her desk.
She undid her jeans, checking for the tenth time that no-one was around, and hooked her thumb into the waistband of her jeans and knickers at the same time, pulling both down over the curve of her bottom. Curious to be so exposed at her desk, she thought, as she peeled the wet gusset of her knickers from where it clung to her lips.
She bent across her desk, picturing how he would see her when he arrived, and reached with some difficulty to balance the hairbrush against her back. It felt cool and wide - it was almost perfectly designed as a paddle, she thought, and wondered again who the girl was, and whether she had been bent like this for it too. Had he spanked that girl? Did she cry out or stay silent and did her pussy get as wet as Carrie's was right now? Maybe he fucked the girl afterwards, or just wanked over her and came on the hot pink cheeks of her arse.
Thinking those thoughts about the mysterious girl while bent across her desk was almost too much for Carrie and she was about to reach between her legs when she heard footsteps approach - she fought the urge to turn and look.
"Hello Carrie," he said, lifting the hairbrush from her back and hefting it,
"It's nice to see you."
"Hello," she replied and her own voice sounded nervous and desperate and foreign to her. "It's nice to be seen... I don't know your name."
Her breathing was already unsteady and she thought she could hear excitement in his as well.
"No you don't. Not yet. Soon you'll know."
She heard him swish the brush through the air quickly, practicing a stroke and teasing her.
The next thing she felt was him pressing the bristles lightly against her buttocks, and then against her inner thigh. It gave her goosebumps and she wondered if he could smell how excited she was.
Without warning he landed a blow swiftly on her left cheek with a loud clap, startling her so she gasped. It stung slightly but was mostly just warming. Another followed in the exact same spot but harder, reddening it and she made a little noise. So this was how it felt to have him strike her. It burned as another blow landed - so loud in the quiet open space - and all her nerve endings were singing while her pussy whispered a filthy monologue to her. He struck a lighter blow closer to her wet lips and she heard herself moan.
When he switched to her right cheek and landed the hardest yet it was a flash of pain that was tempered with pure lust. She pictured her scarlet arse quaking for him with every blow.
Carrie added her own element to the experience - with her elbows supporting her she hoisted her top and adjusted her bra enough that she could pinch her own nipples while he spanked her. She began to wonder if she would drip on the floor.
Steady clapping blows rained down on her arse until she felt a broad, numbing warmth. Occasional staccato slaps on her thighs made her squeal. She wiggled her bottom for him provocatively and pinched her nipples hard. His answer was to slap the hairbrush directly onto her pussy. She gave a horny growl she couldn't control and he landed another - it sounded sloppy this time. The next strike was back on her pink arse cheek and she felt the wetness of the brush as he spanked her pussy juice all over her exposed backside.
There was a pause and she wondered if maybe he'd finished. Then a blow harder than any yet gave a searing white heat of joyous pain that for a second cut through the pleasure and made Carrie bite her lip to keep from screaming.
'FUCK!' Carrie thought as another blinding flash accompanied a stinging blow that rung out across the library. She didn't know how many like that she could take. Briefly, she imagined begging him to stop but him continuing, pinning her arms up behind her. She realised from the pain in her nipples that she herself was causing it, and biting her own lip harder than she needed to, and imagining him overpowering her to beat her and fuck her and not let her come.
Abruptly, she felt the thick smooth handle of the brush slip into her pussy suddenly and fuck her for a couple of strokes, and she gave a hoarse, guttural moan of need. But just as soon it was gone, and another spank made her arse sing like a struck tuning fork.
"I know you want more, but I'm going to stop now, Carrie," she heard him say.
Then a blow landed on her arse that was warm - his hand! He let it linger on her skin, and the next thing she felt was his breath, and his lips against her inner thigh as he kissed her briefly beside her leaking slit. She felt him inhaling her scent. She was desperate to feel his mouth on her again, but she heard him stand and leave, and when she stood and looked behind her, she saw the other girl's hairbrush had gone too.
Slippery with her juices no doubt, and perhaps going back to its owner.
Carrie sorted her clothing out and enjoyed the exhilarating heat in her tender arse all the way home. She sat gingerly on the bus and as soon as she arrived home she stripped again in front of the mirror and bent away from it, looking in wonder at her pink cheeks and her drippy desperate pussy peeking back at her, remembering the handle probing her.
She looked hungrily at the plug on the shelf. Maybe it was ok to try it again, if she didn't come, she told herself. As training...
Her hands shaking a bit with excitement she took it from the shelf - it was satisfyingly heavy. She knew it needed lubricating, but she was so wet that she figured her own horny slime would do the job, and she pressed it gently between her parted legs, still bending at the waist towards the mirror.
He'd like to see this, Carrie thought, and nearly cried out as the plug slipped up to its base into her cunt. She'd now made it so wet that it was hard to hold and she pulled it back out of her pussy reluctantly with a wet pop and a trickle.
It bore a coating of her cream, she saw, and she watched herself, as though possessed, parting her cheeks and pushing the tip of the plug against her anus. She focused on opening it and pushed some more. It made it easier to imagine it was his cock invading her, and Carrie gave a little grunt as she shoved it past her resistance - her sphincter relinquished and the plug buried itself snugly up her arse.
Carrie realised she was now diddling her clit furiously with her other hand and pushing on the base of the thing to fuck it up her back passage, her mouth open with concentration and lust as she watched her obscene behaviour.
She was recalling the men looking at her pussy, and imagining them watching now - others too, standing in a circle, watching her plunder her arse like a slut.
'Stop now, Carrie. Pull that back out of your arsehole before you come in your hands and put it back on the shelf.'
Carrie was commanding herself in his voice. It took a mountain of effort to obey her own command, but she did tug the plug back out of her bottom and set about washing it, trying to use that as a distraction from her frustration.
'You're a dirty slut,' she told her reflection. 'You don't know his name and you want him to fuck your arse.'
All evening she did her best to think of other things. She had plans for dinner with some old friends. They quizzed her as they always did about her love life:
"Are you seeing anyone, Carrie?"
Carrie was evasive and she could tell they didn't believe her when she said nothing was going on. But what could she tell them? 'Yes, I have an invisible master who makes me perform obscene tasks. He has fucked me but I don't know his name or what he looks like. I am falling in love with a shadow, and my cunt is dripping wet all the time. An hour ago I was fucking my own arse with a butt plug after being spanked across my desk.' Carrie imagined herself trying to explain, confess - she'd get herself sectioned, she thought.
The phrase, 'It's always the quiet ones' was one that she had always liked - it covered so much. He was a quiet one too, she was certain of it. She was his, she knew that much, but she didn't think she could say that he was hers. What was she thinking, she didn't know him. Carrie's head span all night over thoughts like that. Two glasses of wine were to blame too, she decided. What would he have her do next, she wondered.
She dreamed of the possibilities and her fingertips wandered as she slept.
Back at work the next morning, Carrie found no note, just another prop - a pair of headphones discreetly coiled by her keyboard. There was no explanation and Carrie knew that one would materialise at some point soon.
Sure enough, the answer was in her inbox. An email entitled 'listen to me'. The sender showed up without a person's name, except the tongue in cheek alias darkhorse - she wondered about replying, but mostly she wondered about what the mp3 attached to the email was. The message simply said, 'Enjoy with headphones.'
Carrie popped the little buds into her ears and plugged the cable into the little aux out hole on her computer, before excitedly clicking the attachment (briefly worrying about malware but too excited in the moment to care).
At first she heard nothing. She turned the volume right up, looking around her. A small number of people were in the library, none paying her any mind. Then she made out some breathing, and what sounded like a sob - it became a moan, accompanied by some soft wet slapping sounds.
In the same instant that Carrie recognised it as a recording of two people fucking, she also identified the familiar voice suppressing moans as her own. This was a recording of him fucking her through the shelves!
She was thrilled, listening as intently as she could - recalling the detail of it and immensely turned on by the sound of her own body taking such a fucking, her slutty little noises of desperation as he had pushed a plug into her arse while his balls slapped wetly against her clit.
She heard her own orgasm and realised she was blushing hard as she listened to it, and her knickers were feeling squishy. No-one was looking, they couldn't hear the sounds, she reassured herself.
There was his final growl as he came in her. Carrie had to listen to the whole thing through again. So strange and alien to hear herself. The sounds were quiet, but she could hear how turned on she was, and how much she was enjoying his cock, and her need was building to a fever pitch as she listened a third time, pressing her fingers against the damp patch between her legs under the desk.
She forbid herself from listening any more times. With sadness, she deleted the email, suddenly worried that she'd be discovered. 'Exposed as a horny slut' was how she characterised it to herself, once again off on a reverie about a public punishment for her.
Carrie was therefore in an ideal frame of mind to see the note that awaited her after lunch.
'Visit the Republic at 5pm. Kneel. Suck.'
Carrie was overjoyed and felt as though she was salivating already. The Republic was their joke now - Plato's Republic was the tome he had instructed her to remove in the library to create their makeshift glory hole, and the Classics corridor would never be the same again for Carrie.
Nevertheless, whenever she thought she had a handle on things, there would be a surprise in store for Carrie. Checking the library was empty, she made her way with sodden knickers to the allotted shelf at 5pm exactly, anticipating taking his cock into her throat and thanking him for teasing her so expertly.
So Carrie was stunned to say the least when after kneeling as instructed and removing the large book, the giant and semi-erect cock that bounced into view before her was certainly not his - for a start it was a different colour.
Carrie watched the big black dick stiffening in front of her face. He wanted her to suck this massive cock. She turned that thought over and over - the previous week she had sucked an unidentified cock here, not knowing if it was his. But now she knew for certain this wasn't his, that he wanted her to suck another man's enormous dick - was he watching? Did he want to see her struggling on this monster, gagging on it and drooling cum.
Carrie had explored those thoughts enough that she was ready to put on a show for him.
"He said you will suck," came a gruff voice from the owner of the appendage that Carrie touched admiringly with her fingertips.
It twitched and grew more - the thing was astonishing, and she briefly imagined how much of a struggle it would be to fit in her pussy. Although not just now it wouldn't, Carrie thought.
She kissed the length of the monster before enclosing it with her lips, or rather trying to. She imagined the master stepping from the shadows, cradling her head and pushing it onto the huge cock until her eyes streamed. She took the thing as far as she could into her throat and swallowed against it. Her eyes were on his large heavy looking bollocks, ready to hose her mouth full of cum. She mewled like a kitten and her pussy seeped while she choked herself as best she could on the drool-covered dick.
It didn't take much coaxing with her tongue to take him over the edge. Carrie had released him to lick at his balls but something about the sound he made convinced Carrie she'd better get his cock back in her mouth swiftly, or she'd be mopping cum off an Aristotle anthology.
There was an unbelievable amount of it and Carrie struggled and failed to contain it all. She was still swallowing it and scooping that spilled strands from her chin with her fingers when Carrie got the next surprise.
It seemed her task wasn't finished. No sooner had the big black cock retreated, when a different penis emerged. Also large - white, this time - but also not belonging to her master. She was to kneel on the library floor and service a sequence of strangers, it seemed. Why was she so turned on that he was making her guzzle cum from a queue of men like this - like a cheap whore in a public toilet or back alley on her knees. Where was all this leading? Was he going to have her gang fucked? Would they hold her down?
These were the things Carrie thought about, not exactly with fear, while the second man shot his load in her mouth, and she swallowed more hot thick semen - spluttering half down herself since it caught her off guard.
She was less surprised now that a third cock presented itself. Where had he found these men? Did they know who she was? Carrie bobbed and gagged and moaned on the rigid dick as though trying to make herself come, and her untouched pussy just dribbled angrily into her clothes.
'Gutterslut,' Carrie called herself, gulping down cum like her life depended on it. Then she began to imagine a scenario where it did. A kidnapping perhaps - she'd have to earn her release by earning theirs. Carrie was disappointed when no more cocks appeared through the gap and looked around, still on her knees, hoping he could see what a cum-drooling mess she was for him.
She went to the toilet to clean herself up, and stood looking in the mirror. Her mouth looked ravaged and pink - like a gang-fucked cunt, she thought. There was a sheen of cum all down her chin and neck and some had dribbled onto her top - a tight green cotton that hugged her breasts.
Carrie called herself names in the mirror as she washed away the slime. When she went to pee afterwards, she found her knickers thick with a layer of her own. She could smell herself - ripe and desperate. Wiping her pussy was enough to nearly make her come.
On the bus home she worried that she stank of spunk - 'No, Carrie, you mostly swallowed it all,' she reassured herself. But she found herself looking at the men on the bus. She wasn't attracted to them, and yet she pictured herself on her knees, scrabbling to release their dicks from their clothes, begging and gagging as they laughed and unloaded onto her face and into her hungry mouth.
For the first time ever, Carrie spent her bus ride home playing discreetly with her clit. Her coat piled on her lap hid her hand that was slid down into her jeans inside her knickers and her fingertips teased the gooey mess between her thighs. Her knees trembled. Soon it would be her stop. She wouldn't have time to get off or she wouldn't have time to get off, Carrie quipped to herself. She left the bus with sticky fingers, and knew that she would make herself hold out for the next day's task - and hoping hard that it would sort her leaking pussy out.
Carrie scanned her desk like an addict the next morning. Nothing. As she started her computer she remembered another possibility, and sure enough there it was in her inbox - another email from darkhorse.
'NSFW' it said. Carrie looked around and clicked anyway. It contained a video clip, and the message read,
'You'll want headphones again for this, Carrie.'
She found them from her drawer, and plugged them in, her heart racing - what was he going to show her? Perhaps he had filmed her sucking so much cock yesterday, was her first thought, and she pressed play excitedly.
There was someone on her knees on the screen with a big erection between her lips, but it wasn't her. A pretty girl with wavy blonde hair and freckles was slobbering on what Carrie thought she recognised as the master's cock, making small noises of enjoyment. The camera was being held by him and angled downwards so she could only see what he saw. It was confirmed as him almost instantly when she heard his voice addressing her.
"Carrie, this is Angela. I'm sure she would say Hi but her mouth is full of cock."
Angela nodded with a little smile and opened her half closed blue eyes to look up at the camera in a greeting, with her lips still sliding on the engorged dick between them.
Carrie concluded that this pretty blonde must be the owner of the hairbrush, and her cunt throbbed with envy and jealousy.
"Angela is very wet for me, aren't you Angela? Show Carrie your wet cunt."
The girl obediently released the cock in her mouth with a string of spit and stood - a soft but athletic body with outstanding tits, Carrie was furious to see - and lay back on a bed with her legs spread wide. The camera followed her closely and then moved in until Angela's pussy filled the screen.
It had blonde pubes, neatly trimmed, and plump lips that were parting to show a creamy pearl of Angela's readiness to be fucked. Carrie could also see the horny blonde girl's anus on show for her. Angela was rubbing her clit with pretty painted nails - her hands like porcelain. She ran a finger down between her lips and Carrie gazed at the girl's wetness as it slipped inside.
"Let Carrie see you taste yourself, Angela."
Carrie was furious to hear him commanding another girl, but also immensely aroused as she watched Angela pull a fingertip full of juice from inside her open pussy, bringing it to her lips to lick and suck it for the camera, with hesitant excitement. She closed her eyes as she tasted her cunt.
"Good girl. And that other hole."
'Fuck,' Carrie thought, 'is she really going to do that?'
Angela didn't take her eyes off the camera - off Carrie - as she traced the same slippery finger below her cunt to the puckered dimple of her arsehole, circling for a second while her hips rose and fell, before pressing into, and through the tight little hole.
It stayed for a second, pushing deeper, before Carrie saw it pop back out and then watched with her mouth open as Angela brought the finger back to her lips and kept it hovering there. She opened her mouth and finally enclosed it, tasting her arse as he had commanded, and showing the girl she'd never met what a slut she was for him.
"I know you're desperate to come, Carrie. You can watch Angela come instead. Angela has two things that make her come particularly well and I'm going to show you them."
Carrie glanced around nervously to check no-one could see her screen as her master pumped his cock in his hand on it, and guided it towards Angela's eager little pussy. He pushed it in incredibly slowly, teasing both girls - Angela's cunt nearly bubbled around it and the horny girl bucked her hips to fuck more of it into her.
Carrie could see the pleasure in the other girl's face. There was jealousy there too, a reluctantly lusty pout, as although the master was fucking her, his commentary and the act itself were all for Carrie's benefit. She was being used as a pornographic prop in his elaborate games with another girl - Angela humped herself onto his dick a bit harder, seemingly also turned on by that scenario.
Carrie wondered where he had found this girl, what tasks he had her perform. Were they the same tasks? Was he comparing their performance? Were there other girls too that he controlled in this way? Did he have a favourite? How could she make sure to be his favourite? And what a ridiculous thought, Carrie realised, but was then distracted by the sight of the master suddenly pulling his cock back out of the blonde's cunt so that it gaped obscenely on the screen - a deep pink angry hole framed with Angela's cream.
The girl made a horny sound that begged for it back. He plunged back in, this time all the way, and the filming became less steady and Carrie couldn't see much as he began to pound Angela hard - but the sounds of her enjoying it and the sloppy clapping filled Carrie's mind completely.
She was blushing as she sat at her desk watching a girl being fucked mercilessly in front of her, hearing Angela gasp and whimper in time with the powerful thrusts.
Carrie could feel that her knickers were soaked. She desperately wished that was her being done so roughly. She bit her lip as the camera steadied itself on Angela a bit better and she could see the blonde girl, sweaty and flustered now, with her tits bouncing as the cock still rammed her cunt. Angela reached down to rub her clit, and the master addressed her, seeing she was approaching the zone.
"Beg for it," he said.
"Please...choke...me...while...I...come."
Angela's reply was quiet, betraying her embarrassment, and the words were broken by the thrusting, but they were also turning her on, confessing her need on camera. Carrie was transfixed, and forgot to worry about where she was.
The camera positioned changed to free up his hands so while she'd been seeing the master's viewpoint, it was now slightly to one side of the action, angled down with a tripod still so Carrie couldn't see his face.
She memorized the rest of his body - lean, and well muscled but hard to determine his age. From his hands Carrie thought perhaps mid or late 30s. She watched as he closed them around Angela's slender neck. Her eyes widened in anticipation although he only held her lightly.
The pace of her fingers on her pussy increased. He tightened his grip until the blonde redenned and her freckles disappeared, and her eyes showed fear and euphoria.
The master slammed his dick into her forcefully for a short while as she still could not breathe, and as soon as he released her throat, Angela gasped deeply and began coming with violent shudders, and begging for more. He sealed her air with his hands once more, fucking her to climax so her eyes rolled, owning her orgasm and then letting the oxygen return with a rush.
"Angela likes it rough," he said, breathing hard from the exertion.
"Fear and pain make her come. She's never wetter than when I've whipped her."
Carrie was struggling not to touch herself, listening to his voice and wishing he was talking about her. She watched the blonde girl twitch and shudder on his dick, getting her breath back - her freckles returned and her tits shone with sweat. 'Pretty bitch,' Carrie thought.
"Angela, please lick your messy cum from my cock," he commanded, pulling out of her and showing the camera how it was indeed awash with Angela's cream.
She knelt before him and took obvious delight in first licking the sticky balls she had just been riding, and then lapping at the coating on the shaft. He'd really pulled her cum out of her, and it took her some time to lick and suck it all from him. Her own cunt juice gathered on her lips as she sucked him and Carrie heard his breathing get erratic. He stopped her forcibly before it was too late - there was more to be done.
"I said there were two things that make Angela come... Angela, what's the other thing?"
Angela spat copiously on his cock by way of reply, and lay back again, this time bringing her legs back further, pulling her knees towards her chest.
"Please fuck me in my arse," she said sweetly, pulling open her cheeks with both hands so her wrinkled hole un-wrinkled and flexed.
Carrie gave in, and touched her pussy under the desk. Her knickers were wet through. She couldn't wait to see what happened next. She glanced up, checking if anyone was around. There were some people in the far corner but that was all. She could continue to watch the homemade porn he had made for her, and finger her leaking hole secretly.
"Watch me put my cock in her arse, Carrie, and imagine it going into yours."
He was lining it up and smearing a clear lube all over the bulbous head as both Carrie and Angela watched it greedily. He pushed against the blonde girl's hole.
"Angela, I want Carrie to hear you take it deep."
Angela squealed as his big dick popped inside her and he buried it to the hilt up her spasming arsehole. Her just-fucked pussy bubbled, suddenly compressed from inside. Carrie watched as the master's hands held Angela by her nipples, using them to pull himself into her arse while she played with her dribbling pussy, emblazoned across Carrie's screen.
He drew his cock almost back out, gliding with the lube, and then pushed it back in, deeper still so that Angela's eyes rolled.
Angela began to grunt as he shoved his dick up her vigorously, giving him dirty encouragement, taking her close to the edge again.
"Ungh...yesss...pleeease... Fuck...me...up...Ungh...my...little...shitter."
Carrie was coming now, at the exact same moment that Angela was also quaking with her second orgasm, her sounds descending into pure animalistic grunts as she was roughly sodomised for the camera to see.
"Watch this, Carrie," came his voice again while Carrie was still coming on her fingers, and he pulled his slippery dick free from Angela's gaping arse with a slurp, at which the girl dropped to her knees again and took it straight in her mouth.
Carrie could see how much Angela was getting off on her disgusting behaviour, and when the master made a sound and pumped her mouth full of cum, she opened wide to show it to Carrie, and let some spill out on purpose.
"See you soon, Carrie," came his voice again, and then, as though to a petulant child, "Say goodbye, Angela."
Angela swallowed laboriously, before flashing a remarkably innocent smile at the camera and saying, "Goodbye Carrie. Thank you for watching me get my arse fucked."
The video had finished. Carrie's hands were completely covered in her own cum and she was briefly uncertain of how to compose herself, still processing everything she had just seen. She found some tissue for her hands and adjusted her skirt and wet clingy knickers, feeling guilty that she had come at her desk, and guiltier still that it had been without instruction.
She remained thoroughly distracted by thoughts of the blonde girl for the rest of the day. Who was she? Why did she deserve his cock - apart from being beautiful and totally depraved!
Carrie couldn't shake the image of her coming and grunting with a big dick slamming wetly up her arse. She recalled the feeling of her own experience with the plug the other evening, pushing it into herself and imagining it was him. She now wanted more than ever for him to do everything with her that he had just seen Angela do. She would let him use her as he pleased, and lick him clean if he asked her to. And Angela could be the one watching and fingering herself!
Carrie went for a walk in the evening to try and stay out of the house and keep occupied. She wandered aimlessly, and found herself in the supermarket. Even there, she found herself gazing at large cucumbers with obscene thoughts.
She bought a bottle of wine and a home waxing kit. Back at home she drank a glass to steel her nerves, before setting about waxing her bikini line. She knew it would hurt, she had done it in the past - although never when single, if that's what she was now.
Each strip brought searing pain as she yanked them quickly from her thighs. But her pussy was still puffy and slobbery. Pain was having the opposite effect, and when Carrie checked her handiwork in the mirror afterwards, shaking from the quick agony she'd inflicted on her crotch, the whole pink area and swollen lips just looked incredibly erotic. She suddenly wanted to lick her own cunt, it looked so inviting and aroused. A cold wet towel against it felt delightful on the tender skin, and another glass of wine helped too.
The following day, Carrie scanned her workspace repeatedly for notes and objects but saw nothing out of the ordinary.
The day passed frustratingly slowly and Carrie wondered if perhaps she was being given the day off, to tease her.
Then she thought, perhaps that was naive - he might be busy with Angela! Maybe he was planning intricate tasks for her instead. Or simply shoving his dick up her arse.
However, as she returned from the kitchen in the late afternoon she did find a note waiting for her, which just said 'Top drawer.'
Carrie opened her drawer to find an object starting back at her pleasingly. She instantly recognised it as similar to the butt plug on her bathroom shelf, but this one was larger and also shaped like a penis - it didn't taper, although it still narrowed at the base and then flared wide. It was something of a cross between a dildo and a plug. Beside it was a small bottle of gel lubricant.
Carrie was excited and nervous in equal measure. The shaft of the plug was only about four inches, but since it was still bigger than the only thing she had so far pushed up herself, it did look challenging.
There was a note around it.
'Put this in at closing time. Be naked from the waist down and sit at your desk.'
Carrie worked through the stages of this in her mind. Step one was already a challenge, but what did he have in store for her once she was plugged, half naked and waiting? She remembered that she had tidied her pussy and hoped that he would see it and approve.
It was already nearly time to close up. The note was ambiguous as to the sequence and on this occasion Carrie chose to make things easier, and locked up before inserting the plug rather than the other way around. She would struggle to fit it in, she thought, let alone waddling around the library with it wedged up her bum.
After locking the big heavy doors Carrie hurried back to her desk. It occurred to her that she had never knowingly locked anyone in, and she did usually check the library before locking up, but recent events had shown that anyone wanting to get themselves locked in could easily do so.
She took the false cock from her drawer cherishing it like a precious item. She was in two minds as to whether to take it to the toilets to insert or do it at her desk. Was he watching her? Did he want to see her push it in? She didn't want to deny him that, and in any case she had already been spanked across the desk so seeking privacy for this seemed churlish somehow.
So Carrie slipped off her shoes and began to remove her tights. They were navy blue that matched her dress and she felt gave her a French look, for some reason that she'd never thought too hard about. She rolled her tights down her legs and then slipped off her knickers too.
'You spend a lot of time with your cunt out at work these days,' Carrie told herself, glancing down at the exposed lips again betraying her excitement. She squeezed a generous helping of the lube onto the plug and spread it over the head and shaft in a thick layer. Unsure of how best to access her arse, Carrie decided to raise one leg on her chair and then half squat, reaching between her legs from the front.
There was a little intake of breath when it first touched her anus - the lube was cold - and Carrie began to rub her clit with one hand, knowing it would help her insert the thing. She pictured Angela taking it so hard up the arse and coming and begging. That line of thinking was certainly making things easier and Carrie felt herself open up through lust and determination.
The bell end entered her with a pop and Carrie gasped. She really hoped he was watching. The thing felt big, stretching her little ring, and when she pushed a bit more she was surprised by how easily it slid further in now that the head was through, and thanks to the slathering of lube.
Holding it by the base with one hand while her other hand paddled in her slippery pussy, Carrie began to fuck the toy up into her tight tunnel, knowing she was in real danger of coming as a result, and wondering what he had in store for her. Maybe he just wanted her to stay there plugged and waiting, and it was an exercise in frustration. She pushed the remaining length of the thing into herself with a horny grunt, feeling it expand her deeper up her passage, imagining it was his cock throbbing inside her.
With the whole thing inserted, Carrie stopped touching her clit, and stood up. She felt the base of the plug nestle between her cheeks, and she sat against the desk allowing her weight to drive it into her.
Then she waited, scanning left and right for any clues. She couldn't wait to see him - she tried again to imagine what he looked like, how he kissed. The look of his cock she now knew well. And she had seen his lower half as he filmed himself slamming into Angela, and his arms and hands as he'd choked the girl while she came.
Carrie saw it first out of the corner of her eye - a movement at about waist height accompanied by a shuffling sound.
She glanced round, and recognised the blonde hair and freckles of Angela instantly, on her hands and knees and crawling in her direction. It was a seductive crawl - Carrie was surprised to note that such a thing existed - and Angela's hips swayed as she made her way closer to Carrie, her clear blue eyes on Carrie's, now and again looking her up and down.
It was clear that both girls were undertaking a task for him, and the look being exchanged between them was loaded with information - there was jealousy in the mix, but also empathy and recognition of a kindred spirit. Both pairs of eyes also ran deep with lust.
Angela was wearing a long sleeved tight black top, with two holes roughly cut with scissors so that her tits were free, and on her nipples were two small pegs - identical to clothes pegs although a little smaller. Her nipples looked angry and pinched and her tits, although infuriatingly firm, swung as she crawled.
She also wore a pair of impossibly tight, shiny black trousers. Carrie couldn't see the full impression they made, but imagined that it was quite a sight from behind as the stunning girl crawled, the globes of her arse showing perfectly with a seam running between them. They looked like latex, Carrie thought, and she wondered if Angela was sticky and hot inside them.
Carrie bounced herself against the desk and drove the mock cock further up her bum, wondering what was about to happen as Angela arrived almost in front of her, and answered the question, breaking the silence.
"Hello. You must be Carrie. I've come to lick your pussy."
Carrie realised that of course this girl didn't know what she looked like until now, and that from her perspective, Carrie was the other girl, the intruder. She had been sent on her knees to lick her competitor. Simultaneously, Carrie wondered how it would feel to have this pretty subservient girl's lips and tongue playing between her folds, with the large plug nudging in her arse. She opened her thighs absent mindedly.
"Show me." Angela was now immediately below Carrie, looking up at her.
Carrie lay back on the desk slightly, lifting the hem of her dress and spreading her legs. She was blushing hard and watching Angela's eyes take in the scene. She'd never had another girl look at her cunt like this, and right now it was soaking and open, with the base of a plug sticking lewdly out of her arsehole. Angela had a delighted expression, practically salivating. Carrie saw her give a little tug on her own pegs, and breathe in the intermingled scents of Carrie's horny cunt and arse.
Carrie whimpered when Angela made contact, first simply lifting the dress higher to expose the Carrie's fluttering belly, before kissing the soft skin there and licking it with her tongue pointed and light. Carrie was incredibly aroused but also uncertain - this was completely new.
But the master wanted it, and she had already sucked a queue of dicks for him. And besides, Carrie's vagina was insisting that it was a good idea to let the pretty blonde's exquisite tongue hurry up and make contact.
While Angela's tongue switched from teasing Carrie's abdomen to flicking at her sensitive inner thighs, her fingertips played with the base of the plug, tracing the taut ring stretched around it, and then pushing gently on the base.
Carrie nearly came in the girl's face. She wanted to grab Angela's head and force it between her legs, and got a sudden thrill at the thought of how powerful she'd feel.
She recalled Angela coming while she was choked. Carrie reached between her legs and slowly tangled her fingers into the blonde girl's hair, coaxing her face towards her glistening slit.
"Lick it," she whispered, as though trying out a role.
Angela moaned as Carrie pulled her in close, giving in, and closing her mouth around the other girl's shiny fuschia lips. She pulled on the plug at the same time so it slid out by a few centimetres and then drove it back in deep, enjoying the groan it elicited from Carrie.
As Angela began to circle Carrie's clit, pressing it between her lips and probing her arse with the plug, Carrie knew she wouldn't last very long. The gentleness of a female tongue lapping at her so expertly, along with the big fake dick sliding in and out of her slippery butthole, were going to send her over the edge in no time.
Angela sensed this and changed rhythm, teasing her. Her expression was angelic, Carrie mused, and she seemed to be thoroughly enjoying Carrie's cunt - a clear coating shone on her lips and chin when she stopped briefly to smile at Carrie, tugging the plug almost all the way out. Her eyes sparkled when she shoved it back up Carrie's arse, and leaned in to lap up some more of her juices.
"Come in my mouth. It's what he wants."
Angela was pulling on her pegs and moaning as she licked Carrie to orgasm.
Carrie felt it approaching like a train. It seemed to start in her arse somehow, because of the prodding and nudging there. There was a crescendo through her whole abdomen and she felt like she was going to flood Angela's mouth. It felt a little as though she could piss a gallon down the freckled blonde's throat and she cried out and shook violently as she came, and Angela made sure to fuck her arse with the plug and buzz her clit with her tongue as Carrie rode her face.
Carrie hadn't quite returned to earth when she realised that Angela had closed her teeth around the base of the plug and was biting it and pulling it gently through Carrie's depths and out of her. It slithered on and plopped free of her arsehole with a sheen of used lube, sticking obscenely out of Angela's mouth.
Carrie gazed in wonder and realised it must be part of her task, to remove the plug in that fashion and return it. Carrie's bum felt empty and open, and she was relieved to see the toy was not dirty, relatively speaking.
Angela stood and with some difficulty, peeled the skin tight trousers down from her waist and off her legs. She wore a small yellow thong. She took that off as well, and Carrie could see from the string of juice back to her cunt as she removed it that Angela had enjoyed licking her.
The plug continued to wave in Angela's mouth. She balled up the thong and pressed it into Carrie's hand, smiling with her crystal blue eyes, before dropping to her knees and beginning to crawl away with her naked arse towards Carrie.
It was then that Carrie noticed the marks. Raised red and pink lines of differing intensity criss crossed both cheeks. It had clearly been quite a thorough caning, and probably not long before she had crawled out to retrieve Carrie's cum and her arse plug.
Carrie imagined the sound of the cane swishing and the crack of it landing against the soft globes of Angela's gorgeous arse. She was jealous of another girl's pain, she realised. She wanted lines on her own cheeks. She wanted to crawl for him and bury her tongue in another girl's cunt, and for him to fuck her arse as hard as he wanted, like she'd seen him do to Angela.
She watched the other girl retreating, still able to see Angela's pussy shining with need - it was a complex task and Carrie felt for her, wondering if she would be allowed to come.
She glanced at the damp piece of fabric in her hands. The little yellow thong was smeared with a dose of Angela's creamy juices - she'd been caned wearing these no doubt. To help her imagine licking another girl's pussy, Carrie raised the wet scrap to her nose. It was a familiar and yet alien scent, Angela's horny cunt and the strong musk of her arsehole, both independenly identifiable on the fabric. In a dreamlike state, Carrie pushed the tip of her tongue against Angela's gusset, registering the sweetness. 'Carrie, you're a dirty slut now,' she told herself as she licked them and rubbed her cunt.
She carried the wet scrap home in her handbag, thinking about them, and about how Angela's tongue had felt. She imagined him watching his two submissives playing together. She felt a little like a pet, and briefly she pictured herself in a collar, on all fours licking up a saucer of milk. She'd like him to stroke her.
In her flat, Carrie retrieved the thong again and in the mirror she stripped off her own underwear - no less messy, she saw - and replaced it with Angela's. She pressed them against herself and wondered what the blonde's evening involved.
Was she with him? When had he let her wash Carrie's cum from her face? Had he made her wear that plug?
Carrie packed a bag and went to the gym still wearing the other girl's thong. She pushed herself hard, sweating into it and only reluctantly took them off later in evening. Her dreams, when they came, were outrageous and pornographic.
On the way to work Carrie was thinking about how many tasks she would be willing to do before meeting the task master. She had thought once or twice about ignoring a note, but they were always so arousing that she simply couldn't, and she feared the notes stopping. An unseen master was still better than none at all, she decided.
The note she found mid morning changed things.
'Carrie, meet me for dinner at The Atelier tonight at 7.30. It is booked in the name of Black. They will show you to our table. Wear your light blue dress and no tights. Write the phrase 'Harder, please' on your lower back.'
It was a lot to take in and she was reeling a bit at the thought of meeting him. In public. Going out for dinner like ordinary people, dating! Somehow that was scarier than the sexual tasks she had been gladly performing for him. The writing she'd be adorned with also strongly implied that he (or someone, she thought, having now learned not to jump to conclusions) would be fucking her from behind. Her crotch was salivating again.
The day ground slowly on. Her light blue dress. She knew the one he meant and she tried to recall when she had worn it. How did he know it? His first note had been about wearing her hair down, she recalled, and realised how far they had traveled from that innocent request.
Now she was finally going to meet him face to face. She feared disappointment. She was terrified that it would be mundane, or awkward. He had given her so much tantalising pleasure with his control of her. There was an eroticism to every daily chore now, as though some kinky fairy dust had been blown across everything. Carrie knew magical realism, and that's how she perceived her new reality, as though she'd held his hand (his cock perhaps) and stepped with him through a bookshelf into an altered dimension. Her cunt took charge of her, and he had taken charge of it.
Home time ticked around eventually and Carrie skipped her way to the bus. How was she going to write on her own back?
When she got home she held paper against her back and had a dozen attempts in the mirror, finally happy that she could write it legibly enough.
She was jittery with nervous excitement as she showered, giving her pussy too much attention, wondering if she'd feel his mouth there. She looked at it in the mirror, more hairless than she was used to seeing it. Her nipples were hard pink pebbles and she pinched them for a few seconds, remembering Angela's pegs.
Then she set about writing on herself with the black pen. The mirror helped in some ways but also made it more challenging by reversing things. It took a great deal of concentration and for a time Carrie forgot how horny she was.
But then she saw her handiwork - 'harder please' scrawled above her arse to encourage him to pound her - and it all came flooding back. Certainly she was beginning to feel flooded.
She chose some lace edged knickers (after considering wearing Angela's dirty thong) and found her light blue dress as instructed.
She decided she would wear her hair down - a nod to his first request, and she thought perhaps he might decide to pull on it.
As she put on make up in the mirror she was dwelling on how unusual it was for her to go on a date. The girl in the mirror looked pretty and confident - Carrie struggled to recognise her. She'd love to watch that girl get fucked until her make up was a mess and her dress was covered in cum.
Carrie slipped her hand up the front of her dress and slid a finger up her knickers and into herself, quickly pulling it back out wet and dabbing it behind her ear like perfume. She wasn't sure why - she had once read that it would arouse men but defy perception. Something to do with pheromones. In any case, she liked the idea that she would know it was there. 'You kinky slut,' she told her reflection, silently.
The Atelier was a short journey away for her and it was well chosen - a private setting with good food, and quite unpretentious despite the name. What would she say to him? Would there be small talk? That petrified her. Boredom and awkwardness had been her most consistent companions on dates in her life.
She reminded herself that she had never met anyone like him (never met him, in fact) and that this wasn't a date, as such, it was a task. And it was almost certain that he was going to fuck her, like she had watched him doing Angela.
"Do you have a reservation?"
"Yes, a table for two in the name of Black...?"
Carrie left it hanging like a question, unsure of its veracity. She thought it almost certainly wasn't his real name.
The man showed her to a table in the corner and indicated an envelope beside her plate while he relieved her of her coat. His eyes were on her breasts, she noticed. Some men were simple creatures - she had never understood why make up and slightly different clothes could suddenly turn her visible. This man would not have noticed her if he sat beside her on public transport. Unless she flashed her pussy at him, she mused, and then realised she was blushing.
He left her alone with the envelope, which seemed to hold more than just paper.
Inside there was a slim black blindfold and a slip of paper, in his familiar writing.
'Carrie, go to the toilet now. Bring your wine glass. Enter the disabled toilet. Pee in the glass and put on this blindfold. Then wait. I will knock and say your name.'
Definitely a task and not a conventional date, Carrie thought with relief. She didn't question his request. So she would meet him in a toilet with a wine glass of her wee. Why not? She casually slipped both the blindfold and the glass into her handbag and stood, walking swiftly past other diners to the toilets.
Once inside the spacious disabled toilet, Carrie removed both items from her handbag and planned how best to complete her task. The nerves helped, in that she did feel the need to pee, but making sure it only went in the glass and not all over her was a challenge.
She decided that it was just possible to fit the fragile, long-stemmed wine glass between her legs at an angle under her on the toilet seat, and that would be safer than standing. Much as she knew he wouldn't mind meeting her in a puddle of her own piss, she thought it could probably be avoided.
The rim of the glass was cold as it touched her cunt lips and she saw she'd made it wet. She held it lower and focused on relieving herself. Within a few seconds she saw and heard the glass beginning to fill.
She was a little fascinated to see her hot pee - quite clear as she had been well hydrated - sparkling in the glass when she retrieved it. It had gone on her hands -almost scalding, she noticed - but her dress and knickers were dry. Well, her dress was dry, her knickers were far from it and they stuck to her when she pulled them back up. Her glass of urine twinkled and she set it on the side by the sink before washing her hands.
She gave her reflection one last look before putting on the blindfold, following his instructions eagerly. She waited and listened. A soft knock came almost instantly. With slight panic, Carrie wondered what she would do if it wasn't him, but she heard his voice through the door.
"Carrie."
She fumbled until she found the handle and then opened the door a little. He slipped in quickly and locked it behind him.
"Hello Carrie"
"Hello..." Carrie's voice betrayed her nervousness, and she left a pause to encourage his introduction, but that instant he stepped close and kissed her on the lips and she forgot everything else. His hand was on her lower back, the other cradling her head slightly, his tongue tussling playfully with hers.
She kissed him back and pressed her body hard against him, her breasts against his chest. He felt strong and passionate, and she wanted him inside her there and then.
She pushed her fingertips through his hair - it was short and straight and from the height of his head he was above average height. She placed a hand on his chest and bit his lower lip gently, allowing herself a little moan of excitement, and she drew in all the scents of the man she couldn't see - his skin with some kind of faded aftershave, a hint of woodsmoke, just the right amount of sweat. He felt, smelled and tasted real, was the point, and she could finally kiss him back, this man who had been tormenting her so delightfully, and playing with her fantasies like a cat with a mouse.
He broke the kiss and she gasped a little with frustration.
"Good girl, Carrie," he said, and she knew he was looking at the wine glass of her piss just beside them. He knew so well how to play with her vulnerability and get her wet.
His voice was soft but commanding. Sometimes it carried a note of humour - this was a game they both enjoyed - and other times it was stern and urgent - this was a desperate need on both their parts surpassing everything else in the world. It chimed exactly with Carrie's attitude to her own submission: part bemused hobby, part lust-driven destiny.
"Take off your knickers."
Carrie's heart skipped a beat at the command and she pulled them down quickly, feeling him watch her.
"Give them to me."
She could feel they were wet, and she put them in his open hand.
"You have made them all wet with your games," she whispered to him, she hoped seductively.
"You have made them all wet with your cunt," he whispered back, as though by way of correction, but clearly just to say the word in her ear.
He pressed the knickers against Carrie's mouth and she opened it, understanding his intention. She felt the wet fabric against her tongue and tasted her pussy as he pushed them in. Then he turned her so that he was behind her.
"Show me the writing."
Carrie lifted the dress up over the curve of her bottom and raised it further, exposing her lower back and the message she had struggled to put there.
She felt glorious, bent slightly forwards presenting herself for him, with her mouth packed full of her own knickers. She nearly jumped when she felt his hands reach round in front of her and pull her breasts free - he unclipped her bra clasp so she wasn't constricted - and he pinched her nipples hard until she gasped.
His hands disappeared and she realised he was kneeling behind her, sniffing her. She felt extremely exposed, more so as he parted her cheeks.
He was sniffing her cunt and arse. She could tell she was dripping now - it was highly erotic, him stealing her stink as she phrased it to herself.
She felt his hand touch her pubic mound, pressing it lightly, holding her. 'Fuck, touch my clit,' her body screamed. He did, and she couldn't help move her hips.
The next thing she felt was the tip of his tongue touch the skin below her cunt lips, travelling backwards and flicking very lightly against her anus. She couldn't believe how good it felt. She was sucking her own knickers now while he teased her clit with one hand and licked her arsehole at the same time. As she felt his tongue stiffen and probe her tight hole she knew she was going to come if he didn't stop.
He stopped, stood up and pulled the knickers gagging her mouth out, before kissing her on the lips so she could taste her arse on his tongue.
"Carrie, I'm going to fuck you up the arse," he told her quietly.
She was aching to feel it. She heard him spit on his fingers. He arranged her hands to hold her cheeks apart for him, wantonly stretching and displaying the hole he was going to fuck. He slid a finger in, taking his time while she grew used to it, before adding a second.
Carrie realised the significance of the writing on her back had shifted slightly. Fuck, those fingers moving in her arse felt large - his cock seemed an impossibility.
When he pulled them out she wanted them back. In a split second they were in her mouth though, and she moaned as she sucked them despite herself. She would be as dirty for him as he required of her, and hope that she pleased him.
She heard him get his cock out, and reached out with urgency to try and touch it. He let her caress it, and he brought it to her mouth, guiding her. Carrie explored it, wishing she could remove the blindfold.
How would this huge thing fit, she wondered, and remembered Angela's howls as she came. Carrie took his hot cock in her mouth, and he said,
"Spit on it. Get it ready."
So Carrie did her best to coat it with saliva although she couldn't see it and when he drew it away from her face, connected with a string of it, she was shining around her mouth and her make up had suffered.
"Open," he said, moving behind her and guiding her to kneel with her bottom in the air, cheeks spread wide.
Carrie was playing with her sloppy pussy now, glad that he was watching her do it, imagining the view he was getting of her arsehole. When she felt his cock touch it her heart was pounding hard and she briefly had goosebumps against the cold tiles of the floor. This definitely wasn't small talk, she thought to herself as she prepared to be fucked in the arse on the toilet floor of this restaurant before having been introduced.
"Relax."
Carrie focused on letting him in - she could feel the throb of his heartbeat she thought, through the soft but firm heat of the head of his cock. It popped inside her and she heard his pleasure and smiled.
"Fuck me," she said to him, and as soon as she said it he slid further in until she grunted.
His dick was in her rectum. She tried to wrap her head around the idea and around the sensations involved. It was sliding and rubbing inside her, and she felt an immense orgasm welling up from her depths, like the base of a tidal wave moving through deep open water, surging and impatient to break.
He withdrew from her and she felt open and exposed as he watched her hole gape. Then Carrie felt his spit land and his warm, thick cock returned to massage it into her.
Her pussy dripped to the floor almost, Carrie caught some swinging and rubbed herself with it hearing the slippery wet lapping and her own ragged breathing.
"Ungh...Fuck, yes," she couldn't contain another grunt as he reached full insertion and his balls touched her cunt lips. The intensity of having him that deep was overwhelming.
Then he took heed of the advice on her back, and began to fuck her arse with conviction. Much as she had hoped he would, he grabbed a fistful of her mousy hair and she arched her neck and let her mouth hang open while he fucked guttural sounds out of it.
Carrie was beyond caring if anyone could hear her slutty arsefucking now. She was in the grip of the rising swell, her orgasm surging upwards and outwards from the thrusting in her depths. She was coming on her fingers - she was coming on her thighs and on the floor too in fact - and her arse was noisily giving itself up to the onslaught, farting around his slippery prick while she came with a sustained low moan. She'd have cried out his name if she only knew it.
She felt him twitch and pulse, his pace becoming more urgent, and she realised through the roar of her ongoing climax that he was about to fill her arse with cum.
Then she felt him firing it into her, his cock suddenly growing in size. She imagined a reservoir of his cum pooling inside her, and still he was fucking more into her. She remembered the look of Angela coming with his dick up her arse, and figured she must have looked similar, grunting on all fours and pushing herself back against his thrusts, engulfing as much as she could and whimpering with lust.
He was pulling out of her, leaving her empty of dick but brim full of cum. Carrie heard him wiping his cock on tissue, suddenly aware again that he could see and she couldn't.
Then suddenly he was tenderly kissing her pussy, taking her swollen lips between his, caressing her clit with his tongue. He was kissing it with passion, like he had kissed her mouth. He was helping himself to her copious cum, she knew, and then just as abruptly he was kissing her on the mouth, having brought her to standing in one swift movement.
She tasted her own sweetness on him, and was in the same instant panicking about the flood in her arse spilling out of her fucked hole and running down her legs.
As though sensing this in her kiss, he helped her swiftly into her sodden knickers and pulled them up, squeezing the cheeks of her arse hard.
"I'll see you back at our table, Carrie," he said into her ear.
"You can leave the blindfold behind. But keep my cum inside you."
She heard him pick up the wine glass and close the door behind him.
Carrie pulled off the blindfold and looked at herself in the mirror. Her makeup needed some attention, and her hair was a mess. Her dress was still pulled up around her waist and her tits poking free of it. Her pupils were enormous and she was flushed and still panting slightly.
She thought she stank of sex. In fact, she gave a very convincing impression of a girl who had just had the biggest orgasm of her life whilst being arsefucked on the floor of a public toilet and was still leaking from both holes with his cum and her own.
She straightened her dress, washed her face and hands and did her best with her hair. She was still aching to see what he looked like, although now she was concerned about keeping what seemed a large dose of cum inside her bum for the return trip to the table. She didn't trust her knickers to keep it contained in the event that her sphincter failed to, and her light blue dress might get sullied in public.
He had also, she realised, made off with a wine glass of her pee. By no means a normal first date, Carrie thought, smiling at her reflection, which was now looking a bit more respectable, albeit feeling the opposite.
The table was empty as Carrie walked gingerly back towards it, past animated couples dining. She worried suddenly that he had simply left, and still she would not see his face - had deposited his load in her and walked out, leaving her to dine alone as she leaked. But no, there was a dark grey suit jacket over the back of the chair opposite hers. A bottle of white wine had also appeared on the table, open but not served. Beside it stood her wine glass, full and in plain sight.
Carrie reached the table and sat, her thoughts scattered here and there. She was concentrating on looking casual, whilst not letting her arse leak any cum as she sat down, and not looking too often at the glass of her own urine sparkling in candlelight on the table. It was hard enough to look casual on your own at a table anyway, she thought, let alone with these elaborate extra levels.
She played with her hair nervously as she looked around. A waiter gave her a smile. 'He must know my arse is full of cum,' was her first thought. The diners were a mix of business people and couples, along with a handful of tourists - generally small groups on tables dotted around.
A man was walking purposefully towards her table, smiling at her. It could only be him, Carrie thought, feeling herself smiling back at him warmly. He had short dark hair, flecked with some grey at the temples, a strong jaw but a gentle mouth. It was an expressive face and it carried some lines - mid thirties was Carrie's judgement - his face matched his body, but he obviously looked after himself and muscles flexed below an open-necked white shirt that was somehow still looking immaculate.
The most striking thing was his eyes though, which were the colour of rust, and burning somehow as though a foundry lay behind them. They told her they knew her inside out and he was smiling at her with them, but at the same time giving her a hungry look like he'd bend her over the table in an instant and fuck that cum back out of her. He had a rugged beauty that was unnecessary, Carrie thought, since he had already won her with his potently dirty mind.
Her smile said, 'I love you and fear you -Who are you?'
He kissed her confidently and openly, one had on her waist as though their public relationship was well established, and it was excruciatingly electric now that she could see him.
"Sorry I'm late," he said, "I got stuck on my way in."
It was a playfully chosen phrase, reminding Carrie of where he had been on his way in to, and just how stuck he had been there.
More quietly, he said,
"Carrie, my name is Saul. I think you are exquisite, and you have been delighting me with your progress."
Carrie was at a bit of a loss.
"Thank you, Saul," was all she could find to say, floundering. She relished using his name - unusual, but it suited him.
She watched him take her wine glass, and hold it to the light of the candle admiringly, considering it in the manner of a connoisseur as her pulse raced. She glanced about - no-one was paying them any attention, and wouldn't have suspected that the pair was anything out of the ordinary.
Certainly they wouldn't assume that he was goadingly interrupting his introduction to her by toying with a glass of her urine. But if they looked closely they might wonder how come the bottle of wine on the table was still full, and the pretty but flushed looking girl was transfixed by her dining partner raising the glass to his lips.
Carrie watched him sip from the glass and savour it, his eyes deep into hers as he did so, a half smile playing across his face like a breeze on a hot day. Why did it make her fall in love with this man that he would drink her piss in public, as though it were the most natural thing in the world. She would be as nasty for him as he wanted her to be, and it thrilled her to find out. Perhaps that was how Angela felt too.
"You must try the wine..."
Carrie watched him slide the glass over to her, and she heard the note of challenge in his tone - partly interrogative and partly commanding.
'Fuck,' she thought to herself, helpfully. She was going to join him in tasting it, there was no question in her mind as to whether she'd obey him.
"Is it good? I can't say I know too much about it," Carrie replied, her voice faltering.
"Some of the best I've had," came his reply -he no longer attempted to suppress his smile, and she felt like a princess for an instant. Curious activity for a princess, Carrie told herself, raising the glass to her lips. She expected it to have a smell but it barely did.
He was concentrating extremely hard on her face. She was thirsty after all the exertion. The real wine did look appealing. The glass felt cool against her lips and she recalled it had felt the same against her other lips as she filled it. That was before he had pounded her arse while she came. His cum was still trying to leak out of her behind. 'Never mind that, Carrie, sip the liquid.'
She drank from the glass under his watchful eye - it was gratifying to do a task in front of him, she thought, and see his appreciation in person. Her urine tasted neutral enough - faintly bitter but surprisingly alright. For an instant, the world had shrunk to just the two of them, but it now expanded to include their surroundings. Would anyone guess what she was doing?
"You finish that one, I'll pour more," Saul said, pouring wine from the bottle into his own glass.
It was a strikingly different colour, Carrie noticed, which gave her an incentive to empty the glass in her hand quickly before anyone spotted the difference. She knew that was paranoia talking, much like the thought that she also shouldn't drink it too quickly for fear of judgement - nice girls don't down their wine before dinner after all. 'Probably, nice girls don't drink their own piss on a first date either!' she argued with her mind, as was her habit.
She realised he was watching her quizzically, enjoying the turmoil. She felt like he could hear her inner monologues. She drank half the glass, gulping her liquid down thirstily. His foot touched hers under the table as she finished the rest, and the look she gave him was a mixture of devotion and challenge, communicating both 'What's next?' and 'I'm ready.'
A waiter interrupted them, asking if they were ready to order. Carrie blushed deeply, setting her empty glass down, and Saul disposed of the man, indicating they needed a few more minutes. He poured Carrie some real wine, into the same glass, and she sipped it gratefully.
Despite what she had said, she did know enough about wine to know that this was a nice one, and took away the taste of the task just completed. It might also lower her inhibitions she thought, and smiled to think that given what she had already done sober, it was hard to think what else could be left to concede to, drunk or not.
"Carrie, you are exquisite - more so than I think you realise," Saul began, his voice low and conspiratorial.
"Your body is enchanting and capable of heights of pleasure you have yet to encounter. Your mind is as dark as mine, and capable of depths of depravity I am keen to plumb."
His speech was elaborate, but he was talking so earnestly they rang true as his own words and she didn't for a second think he was putting on airs. She knew she was dirtier than she had ever fully explored - until recently. She wanted him to help her find out. She nodded slightly at him, chewing her lip.
"How do you know me? I don't recognise you..." Carrie felt certain she would have noticed him if she'd seen him before - his intensity was striking and she had been single for a long time.
"I write in your library sometimes, but I have stayed out of sight. When I saw that you were beautiful and quiet, I took an interest. You are beguiling."
"Who is Angela?"
Carrie heard her pointed question with embarrassment. She sounded like a jealous and suspicious wife. Suspicious was not the right word, she thought, since she had seen him with her own eyes up to his balls in the girl's arsehole. And wife certainly did not capture what Carrie was to him - but what was that exactly?
"Angela was much like you, Carrie," Saul began, without a hint of apology or shame in his eyes.
He produced a box from the inner pocket of his jacket where it hung on the chair. A small black velvet box. His hands looked strong and masterful holding it, and Carrie wanted them on her body again. She was spellbound by the box.
"Angela has one of these. It means she agrees to do as I say, and play my games. When she no longer wants to, if she meets someone or tires of playing, she is free to remove it and send it back."
As he said this, Saul opened the box to reveal a ring - Carrie was aware of the cliche they were enacting in this restaurant, but also awestruck by the little object and what he was explaining it stood for. It was a shiny smooth black material, maybe obsidian or glass. He held it out to her.
"Angela is not the only woman who wears one."
Carrie turned that over in her head just like she turned and inspected the black ring with her fingers. On the inside surface, the word 'Gamma' was engraved around the curve. Saul saw her looking, and by way of explanation said,
"Angela's says Beta.
There are various rings. This one is yours if you choose to wear it."
Carrie was watching Saul's face intently as he spoke - he was earnest and excited. She still wanted him.
"It's not a normal relationship by any means, but it's what I can offer. It's never my intention to cause you genuine pain or anguish, and you are free to leave at any time. However, if you wear the ring you must obey all the commands I give, and to fail is to renounce the status the ring bestows. There will be no more commands."
"Likewise," Saul continued, "Consider this a crossroads. If you choose not to put this ring on, I will not ask anything more of you. Think carefully before deciding."
Carrie had identified the finger it fitted on best, and for all his grand warnings, she was wearing it and smiling at him by the time he'd finished his speech.
"I love it," she beamed at him, and she encompassed more than just the ring in her statement. Her adventures with Angela so far had been highly erotic, if new, and Carrie was already aware that she wasn't looking for anything ordinary. Now that she had met Saul she was keener than anything for their games to continue. He seemed happy sharing her, and in truth it turned her on a great deal watching him pound Angela. Who had the Alpha ring though? That was her main thought.
Saul seemed genuinely delighted and relieved with her decision, and they toasted it cheerfully, his eyes on the ring shining on her finger.
"One final task for you before we choose some dinner then, Carrie."
Saul was giving her the intense look that made her heart rate increase.
"Give me your phone..."
Carrie retrieved it, unlocked it and handed it to him. He entered his number before continuing.
"Go and expel the cum you've been holding inside for me. Before you do, call me on this number and put the phone on speaker so I can hear you."
Carrie was blushing hard just hearing him describe the task. She was picturing him sitting here, taking the call in the middle of the restaurant, and trying to maintain a neutral expression as he listened to Carrie squirting his cum back out of her arse. She pictured her walk back to the table afterwards, meeting his eye with humiliated lust.
Carrie stood and kissed him on the cheek, as though she couldn't bear to leave him for even a few minutes, and said, "Be right back."
She felt his eyes on her as she left, and she fidgeted with the ring on her finger as she made her way back to the toilets, between the other tables. She had committed to obeying the tasks and was now wearing the ring of obedience - her mind returned to the crude double entendre of the task from a week ago, when she'd left him the polaroid in The Ring. Had Angela seen that? Carrie's head was fit to burst with thoughts, and that brought her back to the task at hand. She would relieve some pressure before their meal, while he listened, and hurry back to him, her commander in chief.
*******
If you enjoyed this story, please give it a rating or send some happy feedback. Thanks.