My girlfriend, Carol & I met when we were in our late twenties. We enjoyed each other's company and spent a lot of time together on my pontoon boat. Often we drank her favorite drink which was black berry wine coolers. I hoped like all guys, to get my girl tipsy so she loosens up some. I wasn't very successful in doing so!
I was however treated to an accidental down blouse exposure on our first date as she leaned over. I loved what little I saw & really wanted to see more but she never allowed more than heavy petting with clothes on. Even out on the water Carol dressed very conservatively. She had a one piece swim suit that she looked great in but it was similar to what my mother would wear. I gave her numerous compliments & she loved the attention. I always brought my 35mm camera along to take photos of her. I would often compliment her on how absolutely beautiful she was! She always blushed and smiled and as I took her photos she seemed to get into posing. None of the photos showed anything out of the ordinary. I was somewhat satisfied but I had to have more!
It took us dating a few weeks before I was able to get her to loosen up a little. I had her topless in my truck seat a few times, unfortunately it was never light enough to see her clearly.
While shopping at the mall we passed by some swim suits. She mentioned she wanted a new one but wasn't sure what to get. I suggested she try some on and I would help her pick one. Carol selected a few one piece suits & I handed her a two piece which she reluctantly said she would try on. We walked to the changing closets and she pulled the curtain closed behind her. She would step out to get my opinion on them. I showed some enthusiasm for the one piece suits but when she tried on the two piece I got very excited and she loved the attention!
She asked why I liked the two piece so much better than the others. I replied that the two piece captured her true beauty. She agreed to a bikini but said she didn't care for the way this particular one fit as it seemed too tight. I agreed with her that the top did look uncomfortably tight on her.
I told her to stay in the changing closet and I would go choose a different size. I saw some thongs on the rack so I took her a hot pink one! She didn't notice and closed the curtain to try it on. Within a short time she cracked the curtain slowly open and stuck her head out. Her face was red and her eyes wide. I asked her what was wrong. She said there was no way she could wear this suit because her butt was showing.
I asked if she would show the suit to me and after some resistance she reluctantly slid the curtain open.
The suit looked great on her! The top was a perfect fit and the bottoms had a tiny V-Shape to them that covered her front and had strings going over her hips. I asked her to turn around so I could see the back of it. She refused, saying she was too embarrassed. I told her it's no big deal as I had already seen her in the mirror behind her. She turned beat red and slid the curtain shut saying that I didn't need her to turn around then. I laughed and asked her to please let me see it directly on her and not in the mirror. After some serious begging I heard her sigh and asked me if anyone else was out there with me to which I replied no. She slowly slid the curtain open and looked out.
Seeing no one else around she stepped through the curtain. I've never seen her so red and embarrassed as she was at that moment! I also had never seen anyone looking so incredibly sexy! I told her that I thought the suit looked amazing on her and that I would love her to turn around for me. She looked terrified but after a long pause she lowered her head and turned around with her hands covering her ass. I reached out and took her hands and pulled them down to her sides as I looked at the most perfect ass I have ever seen! I told Carol this suit was designed especially for a perfect ass like hers and that if she let me buy it that she would make me the happiest guy ever! She turned back to face me smiling and thanked me but that she could never wear a suit like this out in public. I explained that we were always alone on my boat and no one else would see her. I offered to buy her the other bikini that she liked so much if she would also let me buy this one. She finally gave in and told me to go sit while she changed so we could go get dinner as she closed the curtain.
I took a seat on the bench outside the closet and was excited about the purchase.
Another couple walked up and the guy sat next to me while his girl went into the next changing closet. I made small talk with him for a bit but noticed he was distracted by something. I looked and saw the object of his distraction was my shy girlfriend!
Carol had not gotten her curtain completely closed and she stood admiring her suit in the changing room mirror. Her perfect ass was being seen by this guy and I couldn't look away either. We watched as she turned to face us looking over her shoulder at the tiny string that disappeared in her ass crack. A few seconds passed before she reached behind her back and unhooked her top and with a quick shake of her shoulders the straps fell from her as she pulled the top away exposing her large tits to us.
She fussed with the top for a good bit trying to get it back on the hanger. Not once during this time did I try to stop this stranger from looking at my girl's tits! In fact I found that him watching Carol really got me turned on! We continued watching as she turned and checked herself in the mirror again before bending and pushing her bottoms down and stepping out of them. Her sexy round ass looked even hotter without the tiny string. She turned sideways to us as she took the hanger and fussed again getting the bottoms on it. We could see her tits from the side as they jiggled and bounced with her movement. Even more exciting was a soft tuft of pubic hair on her pussy. It wasn't a good look at her down there as we were to the side of her and not the front so I couldn't tell if her bush was full or trimmed. The only thing I knew was that she had some hair down there. She bent at the waste and picked through her clothes for her panties and her tits swung like pendulums. As soon as she found her panties she stepped out of view.
The guy looked at me, blushing that he was caught and offered an apology. I told him it's no big deal and that I was seeing her for the first time too and couldn't look away either. I told him it was ok if he wanted he to keep looking in case she showed anything more. He asked if I was sure and I said yes and that he should go for it! Unfortunately for us she finished without further exposure.
Carol slid the curtain open fast and caught us looking like the cat that caught the canary. She knew something was up!
She looked at us smiling and asked what's going on. We stuttered a bit and I told him I'd catch him later taking Carol by the arm saying I'd fill her in at the truck.
After we checked out and got back out into my truck she asked about it again. I told her not to get mad but that she had left the curtain slightly opened and we both saw her wearing the thong. She gasped and asked if I meant that he saw her butt and I told her yes, he had seen it. She held her hand over her mouth and then after some thought it hit her that we quite possibly saw more than just her butt! She looked terrified as she asked if we had seen anything else? As distraught and embarrassed as she was about him seeing her in the thong, I had to lie to her and tell her no because she had stepped out of view before she changed.
She said thank God that's all you guys saw but that it was still embarrassing for her that some guy already saw her butt in that suit. I gave her a hug and she was quiet all through dinner. Afterwards we took in a movie and I got her home in time for her mom's 1:00 a.m. curfew.
As we kissed good night on her front porch she asked if she could ask me a serious question.
"Sure babe, What is it?"
"Well, ever since you told me that you and that guys saw me I've been thinking it over a lot and am bothered by a couple things. For one, why would you peep in at me through the curtain? Number two, Why didn't you get up and close the curtain or at least say something to the guy about peeping at me? I'm your girl, so why didn't you?"
Well, honestly Carol, we have been dating a few months now and I have always wanted to see what you look like! You are so sexy and hot that I just can't get seeing what you may look like out of my mind and today was a chance to see you back there so I just couldn't take my eyes off of your perfect ass!"
"So you decided you would take advantage of me and look at me without my consent?"
"Honey, you showed the suit to me just a few minutes before and agreed to buy it so I didn't think you would mind!"
"Well, when you put it that way then yes I see your point! I suppose I did give my permission but just not at that moment! What about the other guy? Why didn't you stop him from looking at me?"
"Carol, it happened ao fast and my eyes were glued to you! By the time I saw him looking it was over! He did apologize and I said it was okay!"
"Wait! What? You told him it's okay for him to look at me?"
"Babe, it's not like that! Like I said it was over so fast and it just happened! You had your suit on so no big deal!"
"Did I? I've thought about this a lot and relived my steps all through dinner and the movie and I'm not sure you are telling me everything!"
"What do you mean?" Playing dumb.
"Oh I think you know exactly what I mean! You said you saw me checking the suit out in the mirror! After I checked the front out, I turned facing you guys and checked out the back, wondering if I really wanted even you to see that much of me back there! After a quick look I removed my top as I was facing you and then I turned around again to check the front one more time before removing the bottoms. I never stepped away from the mirror! If you saw me in the suit then you had to have seen me undress also! You saw everything and so did he because you said it was okay!"
"Babe, calm down, the curtain was only opened a tiny crack so maybe when you turned around you caused a slight breeze and the curtain closed."
"You expect me to believe that?"
"Babe, if I were to see more of that awesome body than what I did, I would have had a heart attack! All we saw was the thong!"
"Well, okay if you say so but what if you guys did see? Would you have let him keep looking?"
"I can't really say yes or no babe! I was turned on because of how hot you are and because he saw you but like I said, I doubt I could have taken much more but, I'm willing to find out if you want to show me! LOL!"
She laughed and slapped my arm.
"I think you have seen enough of me for one day and maybe for a long, long time! Now good night and get out of here!"
"Good night you sexy thing!"
All the way home I kept picturing what I saw. I couldn't believe I got to see Carol undressing! I was even more excited by the fact that the other guy saw her naked also.
I knew that day that I would be trying to expose her to other guys in the future!
Check out Part 2 Exposing my shy girlfriend again!