Girl Talk 3: Maria
This series is based on interviews I did quite a few years back with women who had modelled for me, or were private clients when I worked as a photographer. Their words have been, 'edited' but only to remove features of continuous speech such as, 'um, ah, eh,' and repetitions of partial phrases which is common in everyday speech.
The Confession Club: Maria modelled for me a few years ago. She's married now, in her early thirties, and the mother of two adorable little girls. I see her occasionally in town, and the last time I ran into her, I asked if I could use this story. Still looking good, still as sexy and vivacious as ever, she agreed, as long as I changed her name to protect her anonymity, which of course I have. We arranged a more suitable time for the interview and a few days later she came to see me as arranged.
CC: Maria, do you remember the first time you modelled for me, and asked if I ever did two-girl model shoots?
Maria: (laughs and covers her face with her hands) Yes, I do. How embarrassing, you must have seen me coming a mile away.
CC: It's a very commonly asked question. I'd estimate about 70% of first-time models ask it, and almost 90% of private clients.
Maria: Really, as much as that?
CC: Yeah! A lot of girls are bi or bi-curious, so your question wasn't unusual, or even unexpected.
Maria: Mmm... yes, come to think of it, you weren't shocked or even bothered about it when I asked you - treated it as perfectly normal - maybe that's why I told you this story in the first place. I'd been keeping it a secret and thought maybe it was a bit "pervy" but when you started asking questions, well, it all just poured out. It was good to tell someone else; maybe that's why catholics go to confession.
CC: Hold on a minute. I've been compared to a lot of things but never a priest. I don't want to get a bad reputation. They'll be calling me "The Pope of Perv" next.
Maria: (giggling) Stop it!
CC; OK then, let's get back to the story.
Maria: Right - this happened to me about three months before I modelled for you, so that's about seven or eight years ago. At the time it was such an intense, strange and erotic experience that I fantasised about it for months afterwards. In fact, I still do from time to time.
Although I'm not a lesbian, I knew even when I was still at school that certain women attracted me. I'd look at the curves of a woman's breasts, or a shapely pair of legs, and feel myself sexually attracted to them, but of course I never did anything about it. I suppose I was too scared. I mean, you just can't go up to a girl in a club or pub and say you find her attractive, can you? Maybe in New York, Los Angeles, or Paris, but not in Aberdeen, or anywhere in Scotland I would imagine. So, I kept it hidden, but fantasised about it all the time. Mostly on my own, but sometimes when I was with a boy, I'd close my eyes and pretend he was a girl.
It happened just after the New Year break. A friend suggested we go to the Turkish baths and try to sweat out some of the festive overindulgence of alcohol and rich food. The first night we went was fine, and we had a good laugh with some of the other women we met there. I must admit, there were some lovely women in all stages of nudity. I felt a little glow of excitement, and it was difficult not to stare openly at some of them. We enjoyed ourselves and made plans to go back the following week. It was all arranged when my friend called just an hour before we were due to meet and said she couldn't come. I was all ready to go, so I thought 'Bugger it, I'll go on my own.'
When I arrived, it was straight into the changing rooms, where I got undressed, wrapped the little towel provided modestly around myself, and went into the sauna. There were only two other women there, and I assumed it was just quiet since it was so soon after the New Year break. They were obviously friends, and one a few years older than me, about twenty-eight or twenty-nine. She was blonde, about 5'6", great figure, slim, but with big boobs. The other was an older woman, late thirties, or early forties, with dark shoulder length hair. She was about 5'9", very tall and slim, with long shapely legs that just went on forever, and lovely small boobs, which had enormous dark nipples.
We exchanged a few words, and I remarked on how empty the place was, and they said it was often like this, then we lapsed into silence. The blonde added some more water to the sauna, and it got steadily hotter. I thought it was bit daft sitting with a towel on when the other two were naked anyway, and to tell the truth it had become very hot, so I took it off. The blonde had a good look at me, not trying to conceal her interest. I felt a bit breathless, excited, yet embarrassed too when I realised, they were both looking at me. I didn't quite know what to do, so I spread my towel out on the bench and lay face down on it, partly to hide my nipples, which were very erect and prominent despite the heat.
My mind was in turmoil - I could see they were both looking at me when they thought I wasn't looking. I had my face resting on my forearms, when the brunette left her bench, went over to the blonde and spoke to her very quietly for a few moments. When she came back, she didn't go to the bench she'd been on before but lay down on the one right in front of me. Lying on her back, all I could see at first was the soles of her feet just ahead of me, the dark triangle of her pubes, and the undersides of her pert little boobies and nipples. She seemed quite restless, and the constant movement of her feet and legs drew my attention.
After a few minutes she drew her knees up until the soles of her feet were flat on the bench, with her knees tightly together, but feet widely spaced. I could see the dark hair of her pubes, just peeking out from between her thighs, but nothing blatantly on show. I couldn't look away - I felt a bit like a peeping Tom, but my heart was thumping with excitement. After a few moments the same restless movements began again, this time opening and closing her legs. Not much, maybe a couple of inches at first, but gradually getting wider until I was catching glimpses of her open pink labia. I knew I shouldn't be looking, but I was fascinated, not to mention very excited. As her legs gradually opened wider, the movement slowed dramatically until her pussy was openly on display most of the time and I could see every detail of her pussy.
The dark hair had been cut very short around the labia, and her prominent lips were opening and closing with the movement of her legs. The pale pink lips were oozing a thick white fluid, which as I watched, flowed out from between her lips and into the crack of her bottom. Perhaps she felt the flow, I don't know, but at that moment she reached down her hand, dipped her middle finger into the juice and spread it up between her lips and over her clitoris. She moaned softly, opening her legs wider, and I looked away quickly, guilty that I'd been watching her but so very, very excited. I desperately wanted to touch her and feel the wetness of her pussy for myself. As I looked away, I realised the blonde was watching me. She smiled and gave me a wink, but said nothing, before getting up and adding more water to the sauna. After a few moments I couldn't stand the heat any more and stood up to leave.
'You're not leaving us just yet are you?' asked the blonde, and I explained that I was just going to have a dip in the plunge pool to cool down. I jumped in, and almost immediately there was another splash beside me. When I got the water out of my eyes, I saw it was the blonde who had followed me out of the sauna. She gave me a big smile, but said nothing, swimming a couple of strokes, which took her to the other side of the tiny plunge pool.
I had my back against the pool edge, standing on the white-tiled bottom, with the water level just under my breasts. As I watched her, she went under, and shot back across the pool, surfacing just in front of me. She was laughing in a breathless sort of way, I supposed because the pool was very cold in comparison to the sauna. She cupped her hands under her big titties and held them up for me to look at, saying the cold was supposed to be good for the figure, and sure enough the rosy-pink nipples were very erect.
'Mmm, very nice' I remember mumbling, because I didn't know quite what to say, or where to look, but to tell the truth I was so excited by her that I could hardly speak. I think I probably looked at her nipples a little too long, but she was still holding them up for me to look at. I looked up and into her amused eyes, I'm sure I blushed and looked away at that point, confused.
At the other side of the pool there were some benches, or tables, and trying to change the subject, I speculated what they might be for. She told me they were massage tables, but not in use tonight, then almost as an afterthought offered to give me a massage. She moved in closer, but I said nothing, embarrassed, aroused, not sure what to say. I suppose she took my silence for agreement because she started to massage my shoulders, her large breasts and nipples rubbing against my smaller titties.
I closed my eyes and concentrated on the sensation of her breasts rubbing mine. It was wonderful, and leaning closer still, she whispered in my ear, telling me our boobs rubbing together was making her feel awfully horny. I opened my eyes and again looked into hers, now only inches from my own and nodded in agreement.
She took the initiative immediately, letting her hands slide down from my shoulder and began to massage my breasts. She pinched my nipples expertly and I moaned out loud with delight as she told me how beautiful I was, and how lovely my breasts were before taking a nipple in her hot, wet mouth, the soft suction so intense I almost came there and then. Sliding a hand under the water, she parted my legs and gently slipped two fingers between my labia and gently fingered me. I almost fainted with pleasure, the overwhelming sensations spreading out from my core robbed me of all thoughts apart from her hand as she stroked and probed my labia and clitoris.
When at last I began to regain my senses, she suggested we go back into the sauna, as the water in the pool was too cold to remain there any longer. When I asked her about her friend, she said not to worry, she was OK, and so I followed her back into the sauna. We sat down on one of the benches together, and her friend momentarily looked over at us, smiled, and then closed her eyes again. She asked me if I'd ever done anything like this before, and I told her I hadn't, but had thought about it a lot.
She kissed my eyes, face and mouth very lightly, then parted my lips with her tongue, and I kissed her back. Her right hand reached between my legs, and I opened wider for her touch as she parted my pussy lips and massaged me gently. First my clitoris, then slipping deep inside, first one finger, then two, my wetness making entry smooth and easy. Her kisses switched from my mouth to my nipples, doing wonderful things with her tongue.
Almost as if in a dream I opened my eyes to find her friend had moved to the bench beside us. She smiled at me and winked. Bizarre as it may seem now, it seemed perfectly natural that she had her legs open too and was rubbing herself in a deliciously slow sensuous way as she watched us. I closed my eyes again, the better to enjoy and concentrate on the touch of the blonde, and she pushed me down on my back, although being a low bench, my feet were still on the floor. She started to really work on my nipples, sucking softly, then quite hard, then softly again, switching from one to the other, the sensation was almost unendurable, I gave myself over to her hands and mouth, which seemed to be everywhere at once.
I was in a complete haze of pleasure, so it may have taken me a little while to realise that I really did have a mouth sucking on each nipple. Opening my eyes, I could see the blonde and the brunette, both kissing and sucking my nipples. It felt wonderful, I tried to sit up, but the blonde pushed me back down, telling me not be silly - just enjoy it. I can tell you I was easily convinced. One beautiful woman making love to me was a fantasy, but two was a dream come true. They were wonderful lovers and really knew what they were doing - and I knew an orgasm wasn't far off.
The dark one got down between my knees and told me what a wonderful wet pussy I had. Hearing her made me even more excited, and I eagerly opened my legs wider for her. This was the point when I lost it completely as she started licking my clitoris. Gently at first, then harder. The blonde was still kissing me, and gently biting my nipples. The combined sensations were impossible to resist, not that I was resisting, and I came with a rush. It was the most sensational and powerful orgasm I'd ever had. I'd had wonderful orgasms before, but they seemed like nothing compared to this.
After the urgency of our initial lovemaking, we took things at a more leisurely pace. For what remained of the evening we made love in various combinations. I managed to give back some of the pleasure they'd given to me, eagerly sucking and finger fucking both of them. My first taste of pussy was divine, it was all I hoped it would be, but I could hardly believe I had a choice of two. I'll never forget that night - it was a wild and wonderful fantasy come true.
CC: I'm surprised that nobody else came into the sauna.
Maria: Actually, a few different women came in at various points, but perhaps there was an atmosphere, something in the air, and they soon moved on. We were a bit blatant in some ways, and they left rather quickly. Nothing outrageous, just kissing, whispering and giggling.
CC: Did you continue to see them?
Maria: No, that was really strange, because I went back there three or four times and never saw them again. All I knew about them was their first names. The blonde was called Stephanie, and the brunette was Trish. Apart from that, I knew nothing about them.
CC: Sounds to me as if they were looking for women like you and were working as a team.
Maria: Do you really think so? I wondered about that later.
CC: It seems a strong possibility. When you lay down on the bench, the brunette lay down in front of you, moving her legs to draw your attention, then opens her legs gradually to draw you in, finally opening her legs wide to display herself. The blonde was watching you to see if you were watching the brunette. Seeing you were looking, she knew you were interested, and probably horny from watching her friend. The blonde, being nearer your age, seduces you, and when you're virtually helpless, the brunette moves in and helps finish you off. I'm pretty sure if you had been closer age wise to the brunette, she would have taken the lead role, with the blonde displaying and the brunette seducing. I wonder just how many women they've managed to fuck?
Maria: Well... I don't care, and I'm glad they fucked me. I'd do it again right now if I could.
CC: So, remembering and telling the story has brought it all back, and got you excited all over again has it?
Maria: Yes. I'm a bit excited to say the least. Oh God, am I blushing - that's so embarrassing.
CC: Don't worry Maria - you have a lovely sexual 'glow' and on you it looks great. I'll just wrap this up by saying, thank you for that wonderfully exciting story.
Maria: It was a pleasure, no, itreallywas a pleasure. Do you think our readers will enjoy reading it as much as I've enjoyed telling you?
CC: Three beautiful women having lots of sex in a sauna? You bet!!