The first time I shared my wife with another man, she was actually my girlfriend. We were twenty-two-years-old, enjoying our first holiday together in Mallorca, Spain. The trip got off to bad start when we landed on the island to be told our hotel was over booked. We were relocated and compensated with lots of vouchers to freely access shows and attractions.
Not too bad, my girlfriend Becky and I thought, until we checked into the hotel and discovered it was full of old folk. I'm talking over fifties. I marched straight up to the woman representing our tour operator and tried my very best to politely demand we be transferred to a hotel with people our own age.
No chance, I was quickly told, with lots of apologies and more free vouchers. Becky mellowed and accepted the situation sooner than I did, but in the end, it was what it was. We tried sunbathing by the pool, but the old guys couldn't keep their eyes off Becky, and the old women kept frowning at her choice of bikinis.
Becky is 5'7 with shoulder length, brown hair and matching brown eyes, she had a lovely, slender figure and a cracking pair of DD cup tits at twenty-two and her bikinis showed off that ravishing figure.
Put off being anywhere near our hotel, we ended up sunbathing on the beach in the day and then drinking and clubbing at night, whilst using our free vouchers in between.
There was one particular fella at the hotel named Burt, he was sixty-one and on holiday with his older brother Alfie, Burt was the joker around the hotel. Whenever he caught us coming and going, he would offer us his sympathies and take the piss out everybody else as if he was our age. Becky and I thought he was very funny and friendly.
On our last night, we returned to the hotel early, around 11pm. The bar was still open, so we stopped for a drink before going to bed. Burt was chatting to an old couple until we caught his attention. He told us Alfie turned in early and then he insisted on buying us a drink.
Burt was full of jokes and funny stories about his time in the navy, and not once did he make Becky feel uncomfortable. Even when she went to the toilet, he never made any comments to me about her being "beautiful" or the classic one I often get is, "you're a very lucky man, Joey."
When the bar closed, we were having such a great time, we didn't think anything of it when Burt invited us up to his apartment for one last drink. It turned out we were on the same floor, so it was hard to say no to him.
Quiet, not to wake Alfie, Burt took us out onto the balcony, where we sat drinking beers. It was still very warm with a cool breeze coming off the sea.
We didn't go out clubbing on our last night, Becky was wearing a denim skirt, sandals and a blouse crop top. It held her big tits securely in place, but she was still displaying a creamy, inviting cleavage with her hair cascading down her shoulders.
We became horny drinking and laughing, discreetly flirting in front of Burt. If he noticed he never said anything or acted inappropriately. Becky knew she was in for a good seeing to as soon as we got back to our apartment. She loved dirty, drunken sex. It was when the fantasy talk came out.
We'd been dating for three years, and although we were only nineteen when we first met, Becky had an adventurous appetite when it came to sex. She was surprising me with lingerie before I ever thought of suggesting it to her, and she loved the thrill of outdoor sex. I don't think we ever finished a movie at the cinema without her sucking me off or me finger-banging her to an orgasm. Not that I'm complaining, we were in love, having great fun.
I also had a 'thing' about watching my girlfriend getting fucked by another guy and then watching her coming hard on his cock. Becky wasn't grossed out by the thought of it, she thought it was hot too, but it was definitely only a fantasy. It wasn't something I was obsessed with either, and I most certainly wasn't thinking about old man Burt fucking my young girlfriend.
The guy was sixty-one. He was about 5'8, bald and flabby around the waist, I wouldn't even say he was good looking for his age either, he was just a funny, nice guy to know on holiday.
However, as our last drinks gradually went down the hatch, Burt asked us if we still managed to enjoy our holiday after the hotel cock-up. We said we had, then he asked why we weren't out still clubbing at our age.
"We just fancied an early night, so we can catch a bit more sun before we fly back tomorrow," Becky answered.
"Well, it was supposed to be an early night, until some old timer roped us in to getting pissed with him," I chuckled at Burt. We all laughed while Alfie slept like a baby inside.
"Less of the old, I still got moves," Burt joked, standing up to give us a little dance.
"Sorry to break it to you, old timer," I continued teasing him. "But the music has moved on. Nobody dances like that anymore, except at weddings."
"Don't be so mean, Joey," Becky laughed, sticking up for Burt.
"Ahhhh, your boyfriends probably right, Becky. I've never been much of a dancer anyway. The bedroom was where I showed the ladies my best moves."
I burst out laughing while Burt finished the dregs of his beer. Becky was laughing and blushing, not quite believing what she heard.
"Sorry, Becky, I didn't mean to embarrass you, love," he chuckled.
"I'm not embarrassed, it's good to know the male ego doesn't change as men get older. I'll have that to look forward to with Joey," she replied sarcastically then rolled her eyes at me.
"No ego here, Becky, women love big Burt," the old man chuckled hard.
It was just a bit of drunken chat which had wandered carelessly. I found it as funny as Burt did, and even Becky was amused really.
"Big Burt? What the fuck?" she laughed at our host.
"Yeah, that's right, big Burt, that's what the ladies used to call me, some down at the bingo hall still do," he winked with a grin, spreading his legs as he grabbed the crotch area of his khaki trouser shorts. "Big Burt!" he laughed.
Becky suddenly looked flushed with a sparkle of curiosity in her eyes, leaving me feeling a little bit insecure. I'm only six inches and I'm not ashamed of it, but what Burt grabbed between his legs was way bigger than what I had between mine.
"Anyway, it's time for that last beer!" he announced, getting up to get us three fresh ones.
Becky looked at me. "Did you see the size of that thing he grabbed?" she gasped.
"Yeah, and you seemed very excited by it," I chuckled quietly.
"No, I didn't," she sat up blushing, becoming defensive.
"Don't lie, your eyes lit up like a firework. All girls are curious about a big one," I shrugged, making it sound ok. "Or maybe it's just because you're drunk."
Becky laughed. "I hate how you can read me like a book. Does it make me a bad girlfriend that I want to see how big it is?"
"You want to see an old man's cock?"
"No, I just want to... ah, forget it. You're right, I am drunk. We're all drunk." Becky tried to laugh it off as innocent fun, but I was suddenly turned on by my girlfriend openly admitting that she wanted to see how big Burt's cock was.
"It doesn't make you a bad girlfriend... if doesn't make me a bad boyfriend to admit I want to watch you touch it."
"Touch what?" Burt suddenly reappeared, carrying three cans of beer.
"Uh, nothing!" Becky gasped, accepting one of the drinks.
"Don't be shy," I teased her. My heart was racing, and my blood was pumping to see my girlfriend do this.
"Shut up, Joey," she turned her face away from Burt, blushing bright red.
"What's gotten into you pair?" the old man wondered, sitting down and taking a swig of beer.
"Well, you actually, Burt," I smirked.
"Joey!" Becky glared at me.
"Me? What did I do?" Burt chuckled, appearing to have genuinely forgotten about the conversation, so I happily reminded him at the expense of my girlfriend's embarrassment.
"Becky confessed to me that she'd like to see big Burt, then I admitted to her that it would be hot to watch her touch it," I explained.
"Oh my God, Joey! I could die right now! I'm so gonna kill you when we get back to our apartment!" Becky shrunk in her chair, unable to look at me or Burt.
"Wow!" he gasped, blinking at me, astonished, before he looked at my girlfriend. "I don't know what to say. Becky, is it true?"
She looked at me. My girlfriend couldn't lie if her life depended on it. She then looked at Burt. "Yes, it's true," she squirmed.
"So... what are you both saying? Do you want to see it, Becky?" Burt was suddenly very excited. I think we all were, but we each showed it differently.
Becky looked at me again and then at Burt with a grin. "Yeah, I'd like see it."
The old man remained calm, grinning, as he stood up and pushed the table out of the way. Then he stood in front of my seated girlfriend, looking down into her cleavage. Meanwhile, I sat still, breathing shallow with a raging hard on inside my shorts, realising this was real.
"Ok, Becky, are you sure about this?" Burt checked with her one last time to be certain. She crossed one leg over the other, looking curious now. She then nodded and took a swig of her beer.
"I'm sure," she smiled, glancing at me.
Burt removed his t-shirt and threw it onto his chair, while Becky tried to conceal her amusement. There was a flabby sixty-one-year-old body right in front of her and she was dying to laugh about it. Then Burt unzipped his shorts and took out a trouser snake of a cock. He looked down at my girlfriend and smirked with confidence, showing his big old hard length to a willing young woman.
Becky was now suddenly trying to hide her approval, but her grin grew too big, and then she really gave her feelings away, when she ran the tip of her tongue across her bottom lip.
"Very impressive," she blushed. Burt's cock was semi-hard, but thick with a big set of hairy, sagging balls.
"Do you want to touch it, Becky, see it at full mast?" Burt chuckled. She looked at me, appearing to seek permission. I swallowed hard.
"Touch it," I told her, breathless and throbbing between my legs. She then looked up at Burt.
"Go on, Becky," he smiled down at her. "Touch it." My girlfriend put her beer down on the floor and the world seemed to stop spinning. She confidently reached out and cupped the underside of Burt's thickening shaft. "Ohhhh, such a lovely, soft touch," he sighed.
His cock was about six inches in my girlfriend's hand, but with her pretty eyes fixed on it, while she gently retracted the soft foreskin back and forth, we all watched it grow another two inches, quickly standing upright, smooth and taut in front of her face.
"Ohhh, that feels lovely," Burt sighed again.
Me and the old man witnessed Becky's enchantment as she admired the big cock in her hand. The shaft displayed a few dark pulsating veins throughout its length. The bulbous head was glossy and engorged, and Burt's pubes were dark and woolly.
"What do you think of it, babe?" I wondered what my girlfriend was thinking, while I sat mesmerised with a hard-on of my own and a stomach of churning emotions.
"I've never seen one this big before," she giggled, bringing her other hand on top of the shaft, stroking Burt's cock with two hands.
"Ohhh, what lovely soft touch you have, Becky. I bet that pretty little mouth of yours is even softer," Burt gave a low, urgent chuckle. She blushed and looked at me.
"Do you wanna suck it, babe?" I quivered asking the question.
"Yes, but do you want me to suck it?" she smirked with raised eyebrows.
"I do," I croaked.
"Mmm," Burt moaned. "Put your pretty mouth around it, Becky, give it a suck."
I almost fell off my chair when she leaned forwards and opened her mouth. I became transfixed, watching my girlfriend fully retract the old man's foreskin and close her red lips around his big cock and start sucking it.
"Ohh, Becky, mmm, your mouth feels so warm and soft, wet, amazing," Burt tilted his head back and closed his eyes, enjoying a blowjob from my girlfriend.
I grabbed my crotch and squeezed my dick, witnessing the hottest thing I'd ever seen. Becky cupped Burt's heavy balls and began to fondle them. He groaned and continued praising her oral skills. I caught my girlfriend smiling as she licked her way down the shaft and back up, teasing an old man with her tongue. It swirled around and tasted every inch, delighting Burt beyond belief.
"I needed to see more. "Do you like Becky's tits, Burt," I asked hoarsely, almost rhetorically. Of course he liked them.
"Mmm, I sure do, Joey," he moaned, watching her suck hungrily on his length.
"They look big and soft, plenty to grab onto."
"Wanna show Burt your sexy tits, babe?" I smirked, taking out my cock on the balcony. I didn't care, I was consumed by lust.
Becky was too engrossed to say anything. She was busy exploring the old man's cock, but she heard us alright. She brought her hands to her top while she bobbed her head back and forth, along the first few inches of Burt's cock, and pulled her top down, exposing her ripe melons.
Braless, they bounced out of the top with rock hard nipples, pale in the areas where her bikinis hid her tits from the sun. Becky wasn't yet brave enough to sunbathe topless, everywhere else was nicely tanned though.
"Ohh, Becky! You have great boobs. Can I touch them?" Burt groaned excitedly, hands ready, while I nearly shot my load.
My girlfriend nodded and wrapped her hands around the base of his shaft, stroking and sucking in unison again.
"Mmm, so soft and fleshy," Burt breathed, gently taking my girlfriends big tits in his hands. He weighed them with a smile and a groan, then he began to gently squeeze them together.
As the old man caressed her young flesh, Becky began to emit soft moans, and I began to wonder where she was going to let him shoot his load. My girlfriend often swallowed my cum, she loved it, but this was different. I stroked my cock, trying to imagine her stroking him off over her tits.
That was a hot thought, picturing an old man emptying his balls over my young girlfriend's body.
I assumed Burt wouldn't last much longer. I knew how amazing it felt to have Becky's greedy mouth around my cock, and she'd been sucking his like a pro for close to ten minutes. It was glistening in her saliva, and I had no doubt she was already tasting pre-cum.
"How are you feeling, babe?" I grinned at my beautiful girlfriend, but again, I didn't receive a reply. Instead, I got the image of her sucking another man's cock engrained in my mind forever.
Becky was a sweet, intelligent, young woman. Out of my league in some respects. She had a smart mind, pretty looks, and a sexy body to attract and seduce almost any man she wanted, yet her carnal desires, our carnal desires, had her sat in a chair on a balcony in Mallorca, sucking a cock of a man old enough to be her grandfather.
I slipped off my chair and onto my knees. "Do you reckon you could take that thing properly, babe?" I goaded my girlfriend. I could see how turned on she was.
"Ohhh, you pair..." Burt's knees trembled as Becky pulled away and he let go of her tits.
"What do you wanna do next, babe?" I asked into her sex glazed eyes. "Do you wanna find out how it feels to take a cock that big?"
Becky looked up at Burt. "It's up to you, sweetheart," the old man smiled down at her and softly stroked her face.
"I do, but not out here on the balcony." She sounded so horny.
"My bedroom then." Burt took my girlfriends hands and pulled her to her feet. I followed behind closely, cocks and tits out as we chuckled our way into the old man's bedroom, while his brother slept in the other bedroom.
"Take your clothes off, Becky, I'd love to see you naked," Burt instructed her, taking off his shorts and boxers.
I saw another chair and took my rightful place, out of the way to watch the action. My heart was beating so fast, it felt like I was high on drugs watching my girlfriend get naked for another man.
"Mmm, look at the body, my oh my, aren't you a sexy girl," Burt swooned over to her for a kiss, I think, but Becky put her hands on his chest to halt him.
"I just want you to fuck me," she said directly. "Nothing else."
Burt seemed offended for a moment. It looked like he really wanted to shove his tongue down my girlfriend's throat, and the way he eyed her tight, shaven cunt, it definitely looked like he was looking forward to going down on her.
"If that's what you want, Becky," he smirked. "I will fuck you like you've never been fucked before." He grabbed her arms and positioned her facing up the bed, he then bent her over the end as he smirked at me.
"Are you ready to watch your pretty little girlfriend get fucked, Joey?"
I was sat holding my cock, eyes popping out of their sockets, head moving up and down like a nodding dog, but my throat felt so tight, I couldn't answer him.
"Do you have a condom?" Becky asked over her shoulder. She was now bent over the bed at ninety degrees, with her hands pressing into the mattress. Her big tits hanging down, nipples rock hard, waiting to get fucked.
"I'm sixty-one," Burt chuckled, why would I be carrying condoms around at my age? But after meeting you two, I now know anything is possible."
"Well, we don't use them," Becky laughed. "I'm on the pill."
"Don't worry, I'm clean, I haven't been laid in years, and I trust you both. I can tell this is your first time being shared." Burt took up his position behind Becky, getting her to spread her legs a little wider for him.
Nothing was officially agreed or denied, so Burt carried on guiding his big cock between my girlfriend's legs. I saw her prepare herself, then flinch and gasp. Burt had a sudden increase in breathing, then the pair of them groaned as the old man's hips moved slowly until his body pressed against Becky's arse.
She started panting heavily, she'd taken the entire length in one slow thrust. Burt slipped his hands onto her slender hips, only giving her a brief moment to relax, before he began to fuck her over the end of his bed. Her tits began to swing, and my balls were about to explode.
"Uhhhh! Fuck! Oh my god! That thing is fucking huge!" my girlfriend exclaimed.
"Mmm, and you're very wet and tight, perfect," Burt groaned, stroking his cock in and out of her pussy. It began to squelch. Becky's hands turned into fists, gripping the duvet as she gasped for air.
"Oh, yes! Fuck me, Burt!"
"Do you like that big cock inside you, Becky?" he grunted, pulling her hips back as he drove his cock deep inside my girlfriend. She took it like a rag doll from an old man.
"I love it! I'm coming already! Oh, fuck!" Becky cried out. I watched her legs start trembling like crazy. Watching her come was incredible. I didn't feel jealous because I was edging, needing more of the same.
"Ohhh, that's it, Becky! Ohhh, your girlfriend is so wonderfully tight, Joey! She's gripping my cock right now! Mmm, she's such a good girl."
"I can only imagine how tight she feels to you," I laughed, taking a dig to my ego, but it was worth it.
"I need to sit down," Becky stated after her orgasm. She stood up and gently pressed Burt away from her, looking dazed when she then walked over to me.
"Are you ok, babe?" I went to get up, but she pushed me back down, straddled my thighs and started kissing me unexpectedly.
"I love you. You know that right?" she spoke quietly and drunk, and she was hot and sweaty.
"Yeah, I know, and I love you too, nothing will ever change that, babe," I assured her.
"I really do love you, Joey." Becky sounded insecure before she kissed me again. "I'm never gonna let you leave me."
I smiled awkwardly and wrapped my arms around her. "Do you want to leave and go back to our apartment?"
"No," she sighed, I want more fun." Becky slipped off my lap and got down on her knees between my legs. I looked at Burt, he was smiling with his cock in his hand.
"You're a very lucky man, Joey," he said, as my girlfriend proceeded to suck me off in front of him, but just when I was about to cum, she stood up and went back to the bed.
I was suddenly awed by her lying flat on her back with her legs in the air. Burt took hold of her calves and pushed her legs back further, raising her arse off the bed, exposing Becky's tight holes to his cock. She looked so hot and dirty.
Then I watched Burt position that big old cock of his against my young girlfriend's tight pussy again, dripping wet, ready to get fucked once more. She then held her own legs while he rubbed the head of his cock along her slit.
"Fuck me..." she gasped, looking through her legs at him.
"How does it make you feel to hear your girlfriend say that to another man, Joey?" Burt turned to me.
"Fuck her..." I gasped. It was mind blowing, but I didn't tell him that. He could see it in me.
Burt grinned as he turned to look down at my girlfriend, slowly pushing his cock inside her. He took back control of her legs and pussy, burying himself to the hilt. Becky cried out, flinging her arms up the bed, moaning as Burt began to fuck her again.
I was watching them in a different position. Becky with her slender, young body and big tits bouncing up and down. Burt with his flabby belly between her legs and his big cock buried deep inside my girlfriend's hot pussy, fucking her with long strokes.
Then there was me, sat on chair stroking my cock, young and fit. This isn't how it's supposed to work, I thought, but man did it feel so fucking great. It was beyond exciting and horny. Beyond any porno I'd ever wanked over. This was real life, and it would stay with us forever.
"Oh my god! I'm coming!" Becky screamed.
Burt continued to fuck her, ramming his length into my girlfriend, watching her face while she did it. I stood up and went to the bed. Becky didn't even sense my presence. She cupped her tits and pushed them together, announcing to anyone within earshot that she was having an orgasm.
"Ohhhh, Joey, your girl comes so hard! Burt grunted, then, just as Becky began to calm down a little, the old man plunged his cock right up inside her pussy and held himself there.
I looked at Becky looking at Burt. She was grinding down against him while he emptied his balls inside her cunt and womb. Sweat ran down his face, his hands grasping her legs tighter and tighter, until he flung his head back and sighed at the ceiling.
It was too much for me. I aimed my cock at my girlfriend and shot my cum all over her tits. She grinned, rubbing it in while Burt filled her up.
"Ohhhhh... I haven't cum like that in years!" he breathed.
"Neither have I," I gasped, trembling.
As Burt stepped away slowly, I was straight round there, taking a look at Becky's well fucked pussy. It was swollen and gaping with cum running out of it. I'd never seen the opening to her vagina so stretched before.
But my girlfriend suddenly became embarrassed. She closed her legs and asked Burt if he wouldn't mind leaving the room so she could get dressed. He excused himself very politely and left us alone.
"Is everything ok?" I rushed to her.
"I'm fine, honestly. I just need to get out of here," she said, putting her clothes back on.
As we left, a dressed Burt also asked Becky if she was ok. My girlfriend assured him she was, she just found it all a bit strange at the end, emotional. The old man understood and told her she was a beautiful woman, wishing us all the very best for the future.
"Thank you, Burt. I did enjoy it." Becky smiled and kissed his cheek. His face lit up as she stepped out into the corridor.
"And thanks, Joey." He shook my hand.
"You make sure you look after her, she's a fine woman doing that for you both," he said.
"I know, and thank you," I replied, releasing his hand. "You fucked her good. That could have gone so wrong."
Once we were alone inside our own apartment, Becky and I talked about what we'd done. It was very emotional, we were lucky it turned out the way it did, but we were on the same page.
"Would you do it again?" I chuckled at my girlfriend. Becky smirked, about to take a shower.
"Yes, I would, but it would have to be organised, and he has to have a big cock."