We arrive in Prague in the evening. Even though it was very dark, the bright lights enabled us to see the people on the streets as we were driven to our hotel. I was very surprised at the sexual openness in public. Women on leashes were being walked in and out of bars. Some were even nude. My Master reached over to slide his hand up my dress between my legs. His fingers found the pussy which belongs to him. "Slide down in the seat and open your legs wider."
"Yes Master," and did as he said. His fingers rubbed his clit, bringing forth the juices very quickly. As soon as his pussy was seriously wet, he began finger fucking me. He leaned over so that he could finger fuck me hard. He began harder and faster. The swishing sound changed to a hard slapping sound. I had slid down in the seat so low that when I glanced up at the driver, I saw him tilting the mirror down so he could watch.
My moans had changed to squeals which my Master and the driver enjoyed. My Master knew the driver was watching but didn't care. He looked up. "Enjoy the show but don't miss the hotel."
"Yes Sir," replied the driver.
"Tears unbutton your dress. I want my nipples."
"Yes Master" and unbuttoned my dress until my large breasts spilled out. My Master began pinching and sucking his nipples. It was all I could do to stay on the seat in the car.
We arrived at the hotel. "Don't button up, mine."
"Yes, Master." I climbed out of the car with my Master's tits hanging out and gently swinging. We entered the hotel with my hair disheveled and his tits hanging out. The woman who checked us in didn't look twice and neither did the bellhop.
In the elevator, my Master stood behind me with his arms around me but holding his tits, tweaking his nipples. Once we entered the room, I heard "Strip now." I did it right away before the bellhop even left the room. I walked around the room naked while my Master handled the bellhop. I unmade the bed so I could lie down but I never covered up. After the bellboy left, my Master walked over. "Sleepy mine?"
"Yes Master." My Master undressed and joined me in bed. I snuggled close in his arms. Since I sleep curled up slightly with one leg on the other, my Master said "Open up. I want my property." I lifted my top leg so that my Master could shove a few fingers into his pussy or a thumb up my ass or both. Dawn was coming but we napped until lunch to try to get over jet lag. My Master woke first and ordered room service. When it arrived, he woke me. I sat and ate lunch naked with my Master. Neither of us dressed.
After lunch, my Master told me we were going to walk around a little to see what we could find. He allowed me to dress. But he told me that no bra or panties. He picked out a dress with very high slits up the side, to the waist. The dress also was low cut. As I'd walk, it was very obvious that I wasn't wearing a bra or panties. My Master had not attached my leash yet.
We stopped in different bars, just checking them out. Sex was out there. In some bars, people were having sex or men having their dicks sucked. Some women were obvious slaves or subs, on leashes and on their knees. In other bars, people were drinking and chatting but they were nude.
After checking the bars, we passed what my Master called a "glory hole". It seemed that the men paid to enter the area surrounded by a wooden fence, which you can't see over. My Master had no interested in entering the area. We continued on until we came to a restaurant which looked pleasant. My Master stepped in to take a look around and examine the dinner menu. He came out to inform me that we'd have dinner there but we needed to return to our room to shower and dress.
After entering our room, I helped undress my Master and then strip. We stepped into the shower. I washed my Master carefully with soap and a wash cloth. I knelt to wash his ass, legs, and dick. Washing my Master's dick aroused him but he did not ask for service. "Rise my girl."
"Yes Master," I said as I stood up. My Master began washing my body. However he frequently pinched his nipples as he washed me. I felt myself getting wet.
"Open your legs. My pussy and clit need washing."
"Yes Master," I replied as I opened my legs. He reached in first with his bare hand.
"You're wet mine. I feel your sticky juices. You're very wet." He shoved two fingers into his pussy and pumped in and out several times, making me squeal. Finally he pulled his fingers out and held them in front of my mouth. With great pleasure I licked and suckled his fingers. Then he washed his pussy with a soapy cloth. "My dick wants your tongue."
"Yes Master," I said as I knelt in front of him. I reached around his legs and pressed my body against my Master. Clinging to him, I used my mouth to take the tip of his cock into my wet mouth. Using my tongue to lift his dick, I sucked it into my mouth. Slowly I swirled my tongue around as I took more and more into my mouth.
As I nibbled and suckled his dick, my Master poured water on my head and began shampooing my hair. I closed my eyes as the water with shampoo bubbles rain down my face. I put my right hand at the base of his dick. I buried my face into the base of his cock as I began to nibble and lick the underside. His cock twitched slightly as my lips and tongue stimulated the nerves there.
I reached the tip and swallowed the head and buried his cock down my throat. Then I returned to the base again to once again stimulate the nerve endings by using my teeth lightly. I felt my Master's hand grip my hair both times and his body tighten up. Soon he'd relax and continue washing my hair.
By the time he was rinsing the conditioner out of my hair, he gently placed his hands on my head. Holding my head firmly yet still gently, he fucked my mouth until his dick stiffened and twitched several times in my mouth. I prepared myself to start swallowing. His load pumped out and I swallowed his salty cum over and over as quickly as I could. I managed to swallow it all and he tilted my head up. "Very good, my girl. Now let's rinse your hair and get ready for dinner."
"Of course Master," I replied as I tilted my head back to rinse my hair. As I was drying off with a towel, my Master bent me over and shoved his fingers into his pussy again. He finger fucked his pussy slowly, causing me to buck my body toward his fingers. I cried out "Harder Master, please I need to cum. Fuck me harder."
He smiled as he obliged and fucked me very hard and very fast. He continues until my legs tremble and I let out a loud squeal. "Damn my bunny, my knuckles are sore." I giggle and roll myself onto the bed to dry off. My Master slapped his pussy hard with the wet cloth. I squealed again and took the cloth to wash off his pussy then finish drying off. I pulled out the hair dryer and dried my hair.
My Master dressed for dinner at the restaurant while I put on my makeup. Then he pulled out the butt plug he wanted me to wear. "Bend over mine."
"Yes Master," I said bending over the back of the chair. He pushed the plug in all the way. Then he stretched out the long white fur tail.
"You won't be a bunny tonight. You get a long tail. Don't let this fall out tonight, my girl."
"I won't Master." I stood up. "Is this all I'm wearing to dinner, Master?"
"No, mine put this on," he said as he handed me a short black dress. It was short, barely covered my butt. Since I wasn't allowed panties, I had to be careful. The top of the dress was off the shoulders. My strapless bra hardly held up my H cup size boobs. "Now that looks good. They will look even better after I suction those nipples of mine. But we don't have time tonight. Let's go to dinner."
I put on my black heels and we left. Master wanted to walk, so we walked. I walked beside him with my tail swinging behind me and his big tits jiggling in front. My Master proudly walked his girl to the restaurant with local men staring.
During dinner my Master's hand reached between my legs to finger his pussy. One finger played with his clit and others fucked his pussy. I squirmed all the way through dinner, trying not to squeal. But we had a wonderful steak dinner. On the way home, my Master had pinched and pulled his nipples so that they stuck out stretching the fabric. His boobs jiggled as we walked and he held the end of my tail. When he finally let it go of my tail plug, his hand reached under the dress to fondle my ass. The back of my dress was wet from all the orgasms he brought on during dinner.
Just before we reached the hotel, my Master stopped me to free his tits. I walked the rest of my way with huge tits bouncing free. My Master lifted them up, bouncing them more as we walked. The locals wanted to touch me, fuck me. You could almost see their mouths watering. My Master smiled proudly. This is what he wanted to see, men desiring what's his. He let them watch, desire and envy his property.
I tried to tuck his boobs back in my dress and got swatted. "Leave them out," my Master said in a firm voice. So I left them exposed as we entered the hotel. As we entered the elevator, we moved to the back allowing others to enter. My Master pulled me back against his chest. He reached around me to roll his nipples between his fingers. The others caught it in the corners of their eyes. He then began massaging his tits and bouncing them in his hands. I moaned softly, my fingers rolling the hem of my skirt.
"Spread your legs." His voice was firm so I immediately did. His voice was heard by all in the elevator. His fingers reached between my legs, finding his pussy wet. "You're not wet enough mine." His fingers moved to one which began to torture his clit and two more pumping his pussy. His other arm has me around the waist holding me tight.
By now the men in the elevator completely turned around to watch. Master brought me orgasm and refused to let me cover my mouth. I let out a squeal and the men chuckled. "Now you're wet enough," he said as he gave me 3 fingers to clean off. I licked and sucked his fingers, swallowing my own juices. "Strip, girl," said firmly. I removed my dress and folded it over my arm. Master pushed my back against the wall.
He pressed his body against mine as I hungrily kissed him, my tongue swirling around his. My Master released his hard dick and shoved it into his warm wet pussy. My body arched out to his and my left leg went around his waist. Master put his left arm around my waist and his right arm behind my head so if I did bang the back of my head against the elevator, I'd hit his arm and not my head.
He fucked me hard, very hard. I couldn't stop making mewing sounds along with squeaks and squeals. Each time the elevator stopped and people got on, they stood facing us and enjoying the show. When the elevator stopped for someone to exit, the person usually stayed on to watch.
We even missed our floor. My Master carefully braced my head as he thrust harder. His cock head must have been hitting my cervix by the force. He made me cum over and over. The sloshing sounds seemed so loud and my female scent filled the elevator. I dug in my nails into his jacket and struggled against him. "Trying to get away, pet?"
"No Master, it's a big one building."
"Then bring it on girl. I'd advise you others to cover your ears. She's very loud." I wiggled and bucked. I twisted my body, trying desperately to reach climax. My Master bent down, reaching for his clit. He pinched his clit hard at the same time he bit his nipple. That was all I needed and as my Master pumped his load; I let out a scream which bounced off the elevator walls. "That's my girl. Did you get there?"
"Oh god, yes Master. Thank you for getting me over top." Master turned and punched the button for our floor again.
"She really is loud."
"Is she always like that?"
"Mind if I have a go with her?"
"I'd like to fuck her too."
The questions flew at my Master. "She's usually louder. But no, I won't have others fuck her."
"I don't blame you. She fucks like a minx."
"Master, how does a minx fuck?" I whispered in his ear.
"I don't think he even knows, my girl."
"I think she fucks like a whore."
"No, not a whore. No whore here makes sounds like that."
"My girl isn't a whore. But she fucks like good slut. I was extremely lucky to find her. She's an exhibitionist. I like that about her. Excuse us, this is our floor." We exited the elevator, with me carrying my dress and cum running down my leg. "Hang up your dress and clean up, mine."
"Yes, Master." I hung up my dress and went to the bathroom to clean up. When I returned from the bathroom, my Master stood nude.
"Clean my cock, my slut."
"Yes Master," as I knelt to lick and suck off all the cum. When my Master's cock was clean, I looked up. He reached down and checked his dick. "Good girl. You do a fine job. Now come to bed." I rose and happily climbed into bed with him. I snuggled close as he wrapped me in his arms. We drifted off to sleep and sleep deeply, still suffering from jet lag.
Master woke before me, kissed me softly and told me to sleep in until he returned. I believed I murmured something and rolled over. I felt him tucking me in. Since I sleep nude, per his orders, he doesn't want anyone coming in on me uncovered and alone. I snuggled down under the covers and drifted back off. It wasn't extremely long before he returned.
He called and told me to come down for breakfast. I quickly dressed and it wasn't long before I made my way down to my Master. While eating, Master informed me that he wanted to take me to get a new dress. After breakfast, I was told to go upstairs to change. So we went back upstairs, with me wondering why I had to change. He handed me a halter top and a pair of ass-less chaps. "Put these on."
"Yes Master," I said taking them and reaching for a thong.
"No thong."
"But Master, more than my ass shows."
"I'm aware of that. So what are you going to do now?"
"I'm going to get dressed, Master," I said I reached for the top and chaps from him.
"I want you exposed for easy access. But bend over so I can give you your bunny tail butt plug." I bent over and he inserted my fluffy pink bunny tail. I giggled since I loved wearing it. I quickly dressed in my chaps and we left to get a taxi to the store. After a short time, we had reached the store. We entered the shop to find it had pink lighting and couple chairs everywhere.
A clerk came out from the back and saw my Master. "I have that dress for you, Sir. It's hanging in dressing room one. The dressing rooms are large enough for two. I'm sorry I was in the back but I'll be out front now in case you need something else."
"Thank you. Well, you heard her, Tears. Room one."