Mackenzie
I poured almonds into a glass container, the nuts crashing against the bottom with a clatter. Summer sunlight shone through the bay windows in my parent's kitchen, illuminating the golden swirls in the marble countertop. I snapped a lid over the container with a click, tucking it away in my backpack with my water bottle, collapsible insect net, sketch pad, and pencils.
Excitement churned through me as I put the bag of almonds away. Today was a good day. The weather report said it was going to be hot and sunny. Hot and sunny meant that Danaus plexipuss and Papilio glaucus would be out among milkweed plants in full force, sucking down the flowers' sweet, sweet nectar. I couldn't wait to bask in the sun's heat while I sketched beautiful butterflies into the gorgeous, leather bound sketch book my Grandma gave me for Christmas. There was no better way to spend a lazy summer afternoon.
"Are you fucking kidding me with those pants?"
I turned away from the cabinet, my step-brother Adam sneering as he stepped into the kitchen and tossed a red t-shirt on the counter before pulling open the fridge. Only a few more weeks of his obnoxious presence and then he'd go back to school for football training camp. I'd chosen a school out of state to get as far away from him and our parents as I could. My mother tolerated my geeky naturalist tendencies, but Adam and his father were a constant source of teasing and ridicule.
I did my best to ignore his half-naked body, instead zipping up my backpack and moving to the bench by the garage door to pull on my hiking boots. Adam pulled three hard boiled eggs and a bottle of water out of the fridge, slamming it shut before turning to set his snack on the counter. The sunlight coming in brought out the subtle auburn tones of his chestnut chair. Maybe it was a good thing he was such a douchebag. My step-brother was hot.
The sneer faded from his pouty lips as he peeled an egg and popped it into his mouth. His hazel eyes fell to my chest as I leaned over to tie a bootlace. My cheeks flushed hot and I buttoned my tan work shirt up to the collar.
Adam snorted. "I can't believe I have to drive forty-five minutes to take you to some stupid park so you can look at bugs. Your Mom is an asshole for not making you get a driver's license."
I pulled my other boot on. "Don't call my Mom an asshole. I can't believe she lets you come back here after all that shit you pulled your Senior year. If anybody's an asshole, it's you and your friends for destroying my Mom's house."
He cracked another egg on the edge of the counter, thick cords of muscle in his bare arms making him look like a statue of a Greek god. They were douchebags, too.
"Last time I checked, my Dad's name is on the deed," he said before popping the whole egg into his mouth.
"That's because my mom is a backwards dipshit. This was our house before you losers moved in," I snapped, clutching my backpack over my chest.
His sneer returned as he reached for his last egg.
My mother had horrible taste in men. It was her greatest flaw. I vowed to never marry after her second husband ran off with the nanny she'd hired to babysit me while he lifted weights in the basement. Greg was her third husband. With him, came the horrible Adam, who'd made my life hell until he'd gone away to college last year.
Adam closed his eyes as he downed his water bottle, and I couldn't help but appreciate his tall, muscular physique. The waistband of his underwear poked out of his white athletic shorts and I tore my eyes away. Rumor had it that Adam had a huge cock. Girls, and a few guys, had teased me about it all throughout high school.
He threw the bottle away and pulled on his t-shirt.
"The recycling is right next to the garbage can! I swear you and Greg do this shit just to piss me off." I stood and strode over to the stainless steel garbage can, my boots heavy on the floor.
Adam rolled his eyes as I fished the empty plastic bottle out and threw it in the proper receptacle. My mother was supportive of my conservation efforts, but she refused to stop buying big packs of single use plastic water bottles.
He shuffled over to the bench, grabbing a set of car keys off a hook before flopping down on the bench. "Let's get this over with."
###
I scrolled through my phone, searching for happy music to blast on my way to do something I loved while Adam slipped back inside the house for his running shoes. There was a mile-long gravel path that looped around the park, and Adam decided he wanted to go for a jog as soon as he opened the car door. I settled on an indie band known for using mandolins, acoustic guitars, and banjos, closing my eyes and leaning my head back against the headrest as my brain released a rush of endorphins at the twangy melody. The mechanism in the driver's side door clicked, making me jump.
Adam tossed his shoes in the backseat and flopped inside, reaching behind for his seat belt. "We're not listening to this Renaissance Fair bullshit. Pick something else."
I rolled my eyes as I picked up my phone, wracking my brain trying to think of something we'd both enjoy as he pressed the garage door opener he'd taped to the dashboard of his old, but reliable, Honda CRV. Adam liked heavy metal, so I picked Black Sabbath. It wasn't my favorite, but who can't appreciate Ozzy? He didn't say a word as his pretty eyes flickered up to the rearview mirror, one hand on the wheel and the other reaching over to grip my headrest. He backed out into the sunlight and I couldn't help but smile. There was a particular patch of milkweed hidden a quarter of a mile off the main path and I suspected the butterflies wouldn't be able to resist.
"How come you don't want a driver's license? You think everybody should just drop everything and grab their keys every time you want to go somewhere?" He stopped, checking for oncoming traffic before backing onto the main road and putting the car in drive.
"I'm trying to keep my carbon footprint as low as possible. Our society is addicted to fossil fuels."
Adam scoffed. "And one less driver on the road is going to solve climate change?"
I should've known better than to take the bait. He was just looking for something to argue about. But the way the sunlight brought out the subtle red-gold highlights in his beautiful hair made me grind my teeth in frustration. Why did my mom have to marry Greg? Adam's life as Mr. Touchdown USA would be no different and I would've been perfectly happy admiring him from afar in the science labs at school with all the other nerds.
I sighed. "It's about setting a precedent. I'm trying to lead by example."
That time he laughed; a haughty bark of mocking laughter sending a ripple of embarrassment over me. "Who do you think you are, Mackenzie? Nobody gives a shit if some airhead eighteen year old girl from Ohio won't get a driver's license because global warming is bad."
I ignored him, rolling down the window so the summer air could rush over me, lifting my dark blonde hair off my shoulders. I gathered it into a messy bun and secured it at the top of my head, tensing when I caught Adam watching me out of the corner of his eye. I kept my eyes on the woods as we raced past. In all honesty, it was kind of sick. Farmers had stopped working this land generations ago, slowly selling parcels of property to wealthy people who wanted to pretend they lived in the country. I leaned forward, turning up the music and shuddering at an ugly housing development on my right.
"Is Danny gonna miss you in Kent?" asked Adam.
I shook my head. "What are you talking about? He was ecstatic when he got into the fashion program. It's one of the best in the country."
"But you're his girlfriend. Studying biology at freaking Rutgers." He failed to hide the contempt in his voice. "I can't believe you convinced Greg and Pamela to let you go to school out of state. I guess they'd have to drive you to any school, though. You being a freshman and all."
I bristled. "I didn't have to convince them of anything. My mom told me I could go to school wherever I wanted and your dad wanted me as far away as possible. That's the only thing he and I have ever agreed on."
Adam chuckled, but there was no humor in it. "He never tried to hide it. Dick."
My mouth dropped open and I snuck a peek at him, aloof and relaxed as he drove us along a freshly paved back road, the smell of asphalt making my stomach churn. I'd never heard him say anything derogatory about his dad in all the years I'd known him. Not ever.
I closed my mouth and rolled up the window, pretending like I hadn't heard that. A very tiny, very pathetic part of me appreciated his acknowledgement of his Dad's dickishness. I loved my mom with all my heart, but she'd always ignored Greg's bullshit.
Even with Ozzy going off the rails, the silence between the two of us grew long and awkward. I didn't mind, preferring uncomfortable silences to uncomfortable conversations in all circumstances, but Adam couldn't stand it.
"Are you and Danny gonna try and do the long distance thing?" he asked, eyes on the road as he slowed to a stop, the red on the sign faded from years in the elements.
"You don't know Danny's gay?"
He arched his eyebrows and turned toward me, genuine amusement lighting up his face. "What?"
I nodded, fiddling with a zipper on my cargo pants. "Our whole relationship was a farce to keep his religious nutjob parents off his back. He had to fight to get their approval to go to Kent for freaking fashion of all things. Said he wanted to bring a Christian perspective to the fashion industry. They wanted him to go to some Bible college in Pennsylvania."
"Wow." Adam rubbed the back of his head, the car accelerating. "There's tons of gay guys down in Kent. He's gonna have the time of his life."
"I hope he does," I said. "He's had a hell of a time hiding from his parents for years."
"So you've been pretending to be his girlfriend for all that time?"
"Of course. He's my best friend."
Adam actually smiled, a single dimple in his right cheek making me swoon. "You're a good person."
I looked away, scanning the landscape around me, begging the trees, houses, and other gas guzzling vehicles to distract me from the hottie in the driver's seat. A strange sort of happiness bubbled up within me at his praise. "Thanks."
Traffic picked up as we drove toward the sleepy little bedroom town, home to rich white people who had tired of suburban hellscapes and crowded cities, but couldn't do without modern amenities like high-speed internet and upscale grocery stores stocked with organic produce and vegan meat substitutes. A yoga studio had gone up in an abandoned Presbyterian church.
Though I applauded veganism and a shift away from traditional religious practices, I couldn't help but wonder about the people who'd been priced out of living in the community when the rich began their invasion all those years ago. Where were the descendants of the people who'd built these quaint little farmhouses with their bare hands; "century home" plaques adorning their facades while wealthy retirees fretted over paint color and the installation of central air conditioning?
We rode through town and merged onto the highway toward the park, old engine rumbling as Adam pressed the accelerator. He kept shooting me the most irritating glances, eyes drifting down to my chest. I crossed my legs and pressed my thighs together as hard as I could, failing to kill the desire flickering there. I hated how good his not-so-subtle attraction made me feel.
"Are you gonna get a new boyfriend at Rutgers? You should go for a senior or a junior who lives off-campus in an apartment with only one roommate. Those guys are typically done partying and are focused on getting out of school before they work up too much debt," he said.
The matter-of-fact tone in his voice pissed me off. He goes to college for a year to play fucking football of all things and he's suddenly a boyfriend expert.
"Who says I want a boyfriend?" I snapped. "I actually care about school. I want to make a difference-"
"Oh, yeah, I forgot. You're gonna save the world. If everybody would just quit having families, driving cars, and eating meat, then all the world's problems would be solved and it'll snow again in northeastern Ohio," he mocked.
I turned toward him, fuming as a semi-truck blew by us. "You're being obtuse. I know solving the world's problems is incredibly complex and that it's going to take humanity coming together to find innovative methods to fix our problems. That's why I wanna go to school. I wanna be a part of the solution. I'm not a doomer. I believe in a bright future. We're gonna have to work really hard for it, but it's possible."
To my surprise, he fell silent, eyes darting between me and the road.
I twisted away from him, propping my elbow on the door and massaging my forehead with my knuckles, contemplating the world's ills. Truthfully, I wasn't even sure if humanity was capable of coming together in the face of our imminent doom. Just look at what happened with Covid. But I wasn't giving up, at least not yet.
Adam leaned forward to turn down the music, tapered fingers gently gripping the knob. Even his hands were beautiful. When our eyes met, I looked away, heart fluttering in my chest. I squeezed my legs together as my skin tingled at the thought of his pretty hands on my body, touching me, caressing me.
"You're smart, Mackenzie. I wouldn't be surprised if you grew bacteria in a lab that ate microplastics. You could put it in the oceans and save all the sea creatures and coral reefs," he said.
"That would be crazy," I blurted. "You can't just release bacteria into the ocean. You'd have to do years and years-decades-of research-"
"Mackenzie."
The sincerity in his expression shocked me. "What?"
"Don't forget to have fun at Rutgers. That's all I'm saying." He put the blinker on, steering the car toward the offramp.
The thought of him screwing a different girl every night made me sick. "Like you do?"
He sneered, slowing the car for a stop sign. "You mean lifting weights everyday and getting beat up practicing for a game I don't even get to play in? What are you implying? I can't afford to party. I have to keep myself in shape and keep my grades decent if I even want any sort of a chance for playing time."
I snorted. "Ah, yes, the struggles of the handsome Division I athlete. It's so hard to pull an 'A' in History of Rock n' Roll."
He cast me a sexy death glare as he turned right. "What are you talking about? I have no delusions of playing in the NFL. I'm working hard to get a degree so I can get a job when I get out. My scholarship only lasts four years. I can't fuck this up."
I recoiled, suddenly ashamed of myself. Where had all this maturity come from? This wasn't the same Adam who sat me down the day before my freshman year of high school and told me not to tell people we're technically related.
I rolled my window down and stared out at the bright green meadows and leafy trees as we drove by. We were so close. I couldn't wait to get out of the car and get away from my obnoxious, hot, confusing step-brother.
He began to shift in his seat, passive aggressively sighing as he tried to get me to re-engage with him instead of using words like an adult. So much for maturity.
I ignored him, focusing on the monarch and swallowtail butterflies.
"You know, if you put actual effort into your appearance, you'd be hot. Quit wearing men's work clothes and hiking boots everywhere, get contacts instead of those dorky-ass glasses, and make your hair look nice." His eyes narrowed as he scrutinized me.
Anger erased all rational thought from my mind and any desire I felt disappeared. I should've thanked him for that. Wanting to fuck the step-brother you hate is a torturous experience. At least I didn't have to hate myself.
He nodded his head. "Yeah. I'd say you're a solid 7/10 on a good day."
Tears sprung to my eyes. I clamped them shut and sucked in my breath. Self-loathing over how much his words hurt me mixed oddly with my rage.
I spun around, slamming one hand onto the dashboard and grabbing his head rest with the other so I could lean forward. "Fuck you, Adam! You're a nasty, miserable piece of shit. I hate you."
His eyes widened as he grinned, turning into a parking lot, the crunch of gravel beneath the tires pleasant. "Did I touch a nerve, Kenze? This is still an issue with Botox Pam, isn't it?"
"Don't you talk about my mom like that." My heart thundered in my ears, nerves raw. "You wanna know the worst thing about you?"
He cocked his head to the side, the brakes grinding to a halt. "What?"
"You're boring. Basic. And you know it, but you don't know how to change. You're terrified you're going to end up a bad insurance salesman, five-hundred thousand dollars in debt and married to a horrible woman because she foots the bill for the extravagant lifestyle you don't deserve." I paused, taking a deep breath, grinning when his face flushed scarlet and twisted with emotion.
He reached across the car, leaning forward so our lips were a breath apart.
My mind reeled and I gasped.
Adam paused, hoovering there for a moment, the click of the door handle behind me loud.
Lust bloomed in my loins, goosebumps spreading up and down my whole body. I held my breath, praying he would kiss me.
He shoved the door open, whispering, "Get out of my car."
I flinched away from him, tears pooling in my eyes as I gathered my things. I climbed out of the car and ran off toward a trail that led into the woods, totally humiliated.
###
Adam
Thank God there wasn't anybody else in the parking lot to see Mackenzie sprint from my car to the woods, her ugly backpack slamming against her body as she moved. I couldn't even see her cute little butt beneath her baggy clothing. She really had no idea how hot she was.
I sighed and parked the car, grateful for the solitude. Fighting with Mackenzie was risky. She was so cute when she was mad, with her cheeks flushed a pretty pink and her delicate brow furrowed, but if I went too far, she really knew how to stick the knife in. I killed the engine and climbed out my car, stretching, trying to get loose.
I'd never be like Greg.
I jogged toward the other end of the trail, not wanting to pass Mackenzie while she made her way to her stupid plants or bugs or whatever her dorky ass was into those days. My lungs burned and my mind screamed for me to quit, but I pushed through my lazy instincts, waiting for the exercise high to kick in.
I'd never marry a woman like Pam, no matter how broke I was.
The gravel crunched beneath my feet as I ran beneath a dense tree canopy, instantly cooler in the shade. A horde of mosquitoes swarmed around my head, bouncing off my face and buzzing in my ears. Sweat beaded on my brow and my t-shirt already clung to my back. I welcomed the discomfort, desperate for any kind of a distraction to keep me from thinking about my brilliant step-sister.
If Danny was gay, then Mackenzie was likely still a virgin.
The thought of her tight little pussy opening up for my dick made me stumble. I caught myself before I fell, taking off into a full sprint in order to keep my blood from going everywhere but my groin. My thighs burned and a stitch lanced through my side with every breath.
It was so unfair. Of all the rich, crazy women Greg could've married, he had to marry the one with a perfect daughter. Saying Mackenzie was a 7/10 on a good day was such an obvious lie, I couldn't believe how bad it upset her. It was a low blow and I regretted it. Assigning someone numerical value by comparing their physical appearance to every other human being I'd ever seen over the course of my entire life was awful. Not only was it shallow, it was just straight-up mean.
The woods around me blurred into a whirl of green, the joyful chirping of birds and the steady croaking of frogs failing to calm my frustrations. I needed to hit something. Tackling dummies were great in a pinch, but a particularly obnoxious running back with a smart mouth and a major inferiority complex came to mind. One of my coaches and the campus psychiatrist told me it wasn't healthy to take every hit or snarky comment so personally, but that was how I played - angry. It's easier to use my body as a battering ram when I want to rip the other guy's head off.
I slowed my pace, the landscape around me coming into focus and I took deep deliberate breaths. Muscle memory took over and my body seemed to move on its own, leaving my mind free to obsess over Mackenzie.
I was thirteen and she was twelve when Greg and Pam first got married after three months of extravagant dating and wild sex. I used to crawl under my bed and clamp a pillow over my head while they talked dirty to each other in the next room, the headboard slamming against the shared wall. I met Mackenzie three weeks before the wedding when our parents dragged us to a bridal shop to be fitted for a little tux and a flower girl dress.
Pam was an attractive woman, her body firm and toned from hours in the gym and a diet of lemon water and yogurt. Her blonde hair and sharp features made her look like a Viking warrior queen; at least they would've if not for the make up caked onto her face.
Her young daughter was different - chubby from the flood of hormones that comes at the onset of puberty and horrifically awkward. On the way to the shop, Greg told me she was retarded. It didn't take me more than five minutes to see that she wasn't, just a weird, dorky little girl who's uptight bitch mother was, once again, uprooting her life to play house with a man she didn't know and his well-spoken athletic son.
Pam snarled insults and Greg rolled his eyes, sighing when Kenze argued about trying on dresses. I couldn't help but relate. The poor girl was just another product of a broken home and a mom who saw her as more of a prop than a unique human being with interests and dreams of her own.
I sat in the corner, my beige tux and aquamarine bow tie already picked out, and pretended to play a mobile game on my Dad's phone while the cute little girl with honey blonde hair and the sweetest little button nose stomped her feet and cried because she was too fat to fit into the dresses her mother pulled from the rack.
"You look like a busted tube of biscuits," Pam had said, Greg failing to suppress his braying laughter.
Kenze and I talked about video games and movies over bad seafood while Pam and Greg drank too much and made out in the booth. Once she was able to relax, she told me all about the books she liked and outer space. Even then, I was pissed off that such a smart girl with gray eyes hidden away behind dorky glasses was going to be my sister. So I did what any angry, bored teenage boy would do - I made fun of her while she grew and developed into a gorgeous young woman with big dreams and the smarts to make them happen.
I jogged past an area off the path marked by broken branches and trampled ferns. Mackenzie was somewhere off in fantasy land drawing pictures of bugs all by herself. She had no regard for her own safety. What if she twisted her ankle and fell? What if she got lost? What if some creep followed her back there and attacked her? She never considered any of these risks and it drove me insane. At least I knew where she was.
The thought of her ignorant ass at Rutgers made me sick. College guys wanting to hit it and quit it ate girls like her alive. They didn't care that her Dad left her with Pam when she was three. They'd lie about caring about the environment just to get her to lower her guard. And after they fucked her a few times, they'd get bored and ghost. Mackenzie would become one of those sad, lonely little freshman girls who either started sleeping around, or totally isolated themselves from everybody.
I ground my teeth as I took off into another sprint, furious that there was nothing I could do to protect her.
###
Mackenzie
I wiped tears from my cheeks as I plopped down in front of a patch of Common Milkweed, Asclepias syriaca, wiping tears from my face. God, I hated Adam. I shouldn't have said what I did, but he always went straight for the jugular.
Two monarch butterflies fluttered out of the dense leaves, their determination to carry on with their fragile existence despite a chaotic world inspiring.
"I'm sorry to have disturbed you," I said, smiling as I took off my glasses to wipe away the sweat that had gathered there. I couldn't have them fogging up if I was going to sketch.
One of them descended back into the leaves while the other landed on a purple flower, flexing its lovely wings as it gathered nectar. I shrugged off my backpack and took out my pencils and notebook, eager to get to work.
My wounded feelings melted away beneath the brutal heat of the day as the afternoon progressed and I lost myself to a singular focus: capturing the gentleness of the creatures flying around me. Two swallowtails jostled with each other to my right, too caught up in their mating dance to notice anything else. In that moment, I was just as much a part of that meadow as any other plant or animal, even if I was more of a casual observer.
Sweat trickled down the back of my neck and the damp material of the extra supportive sports bra I'd chosen chaffed my skin. I set my notebook down, pleased with the fruits of my efforts, and undid the buttons of my shirt, a rush of air against my chest and torso a brief, but incredible, relief.
Dozens of Large Milkweed Bugs, Onocopeltus fasciatus, climbed all over the Milkweed stems, devouring the plant. Whether they were indifferent or unaware of my presence, I couldn't say. Insects are driven by no other purpose than being alive. They hatch and almost immediately get to work continuing the propagation of their species. In a way, I admired them. They didn't have to worry about parents, school, or sexy step-brothers.
I took my shirt off completely and balled it up in my hands, using the stiff fabric to wipe the sweat from my skin. Adam typically took his shirt off when he worked out. He probably looked perfect, a prime specimen of humanity, as he ran along the gravel path.
I sighed, guilt clouding an otherwise lovely scene. I shouldn't have compared him to Greg. Adam wasn't anything like his horrible father. Greg was a mouth-breathing dope, but Adam was actually fairly intelligent. Low self-esteem and risk aversion kept him from branching out into something other than athletics. That was probably on Greg. He completely ignored Adam except for when he was playing sports.
When we were younger, Adam had displayed an aptitude for working with his hands. He'd loved Legos and made sure our bicycle chains were oiled and our tires filled with air. An elderly neighbor had even taught him about lawn mower and weed whacker maintenance when the guy had noticed the youth hoovering at the edge of his driveway while he worked on his lawn equipment. Adam had cried real tears when that man died.
Using my shirt as a pillow, I laid down in the grass and closed my eyes as desire flickered in between my legs all over again as I reminisced on Adam mowing, weeding, and mulching our parent's yard with his shirt off. He loved being outside as much as I did.
The zipper of my front-clasping racerback bra irritated the slick skin of my breasts and some wild impulse urged me to take the sweat-soaked undergarment off. I checked over my shoulder, daring myself to do it. Being naked outside is the most natural thing in the world.
The zipper was loud, but the velcro shoulder straps were even louder in the meadow. I sat up and used my shirt to dry "boob sweat", as my mom called it. If only she could see me now. She was always trying to get me to wear more form fitting clothes so everyone could admire my "womanly figure". Mom wasn't fooling me, though. She just wanted everyone to see how thin her chubby daughter had grown up to be.
I tossed my bra off to the side and laid back down, running my hands over my tight stomach and rubbing my heavy breasts. I caught Adam staring at them all the time. I didn't blame him, though. They were pretty big. And I was guilty of checking out the bulge in his sweatpants, especially when he exercised or did yard work without a jockstrap.
Not even a rush of shame could dampen the pang of lust that surged from deep within my core and I couldn't pretend the creamy wetness that flooded my panties was sweat. I slid my hands to my groin and squeezed my pussy over my pants, my clit throbbing in response to the pressure.
I sat up, cheeks burning with heat, lust, and shame as I peeked back over my shoulder. There had been no cars in the parking lot when we'd arrived and I was roughly twenty yards from the tree line where I'd emerged from the woods. As far as I knew, I was alone, the only other human around on the other side of those trees, his cock and balls bouncing along in his athletic shorts as he jogged.
A recklessness seized me and I stood, undoing my fly and pushing my work pants down to my ankles before laying back down. I left my boots and socks on in case I needed to make a quick getaway.
I curled my pubic hair around my fingers, closing my eyes and teasing my nipples, pretending it was Adam touching me. I was a total virgin, but he would know what to do. He'd dated a few girls we'd gone to school with, and it was safe to assume a hot football player would have his pick at a college campus.
I slid my fingers inside my pussy lips, pushing apart my slick folds to find my aching clit, teasing and stroking it as I imagined Adam kissing me while he played with my supple breasts. I'd run my fingers through his hair and stroke his chiseled physique.
Sweet, familiar pressure welled up within me and I began to pant, the thought of Adam massaging my torso as he worked his hands toward my pussy, his caress on my thighs gentle before moving to my clit.
I typically liked to draw out masturbating, taking the time to enjoy my body and my fantasies. Considering the setting, I knew it would be best to keep this session short, but I pulled my hand away from my tender bud, running my hand over my thighs and body. Nobody would see me. The longer I teased myself, the more satisfying my orgasm would be. No. I would take my time.
###
Adam
'
I couldn't believe I forgot to grab a big bottle of water from a gas station. Fucking Mackenzie had me all worked up. My car's air conditioning refreshed me at first, but all the sweat on my skin grew cold, making me shiver. I shut off the car and got out, heading toward the woods. Mackenzie had water in her backpack. If she gave me any grief about it, I'd drag her ass away from her drawing and go get my own water. It'd been long enough.
Despite my thirst, I felt good; my muscles loose and limber while the last of the endorphins pumped through me. If I was at home or school, I'd jerk off in the shower and take a good nap. But no. I had to go find the hottest, most unattainable girl I knew and probably get into another stupid argument.
I strode through the woods, trying to convince myself to apologize for saying she was a 7/10. If she got snippy with me first, I had a few zingers all ready to go: You're mom hates you cause you're fat; I've been watching a lot of tiktok lately and I think you might actually be autistic; If global warming was real, then how come it snowed in Texas that one time?
I chuckled. That last one would really piss her off. I could only say it if she really, really pissed me off because then she'd lecture me for hours about how weather does not equal climate. The switch from crunching gravel to a soft rustle of grass as I stepped off the path was jarring, snapping me out of my petty reverie. Maybe if I offered to buy her lunch, she'd come quietly.
There was a pretty good Mexican restaurant in town that had a vegetarian menu. It was expensive, though. What about-
"Oh, Adam."
I froze at breathy whimpering, all the blood rushing from my head to my dick. What the fuck was she doing?
I dropped to my hands and knees a few feet from a break in the tree line, crawling forward as quietly and as quickly as I could. The grass was cool and soft beneath my palms and I held my breath.
"I won't tell anybody if you don't."
Was I dreaming?
I reached the edge of a clearing and stopped, too scared to move in case she heard me. Mackenzie was on her back, legs in the air with one hand on a big perfect tit and one in between her legs. Her big ugly hiking boots and white tube socks were still on her feet. It was a shame she faced away from me. At that moment, I would've given my left nut for a peek at her pussy.
I held my breath, pushing myself up to my knees so I could pull out my dick, totally hard at the heavenly sight before me. Two hard strokes and I struggled not to run out there and jump on her.
Her breaths became short and erratic as she moaned, her back arching and twisting. "I'm cumming. Oh. Fuck me, Adam."
Was she serious?
I shoved my dick back into my shorts and stood while she rutted against her hand, whimpering.
If I didn't approach her, I'd regret it for the rest of my life. Fuck it.
I took a deep breath and stepped out into the brilliant sunlight. "Kenze."
###
Mackenzie
A spike of the deepest shame and panic pierced my sexy fever dream and I rolled over, shrieking as the man I couldn't have stood over me, his handsome face tight with emotion.
Tears spilled onto my cheeks as I tried to cover my nakedness while I stood, cowering away from him. "What are you doing here? Get away!"
He shook his head. "I heard you. Tell me the truth. Do you want me?"
Anger felt better than fear and shame, so I clung to it. "You were watching me? What kind of sick pervert are you?"
Adam had the audacity to laugh. "The kind that wants to bang his hot step sister."
I froze, my fingers curling around the waistband of my pants to pull them up. It was then that I noticed the tent in Adam's shorts. "What?"
He smiled shyly, holding up his hands to signal he came in peace. "I want you, Mackenzie. I always have. I've been such a dick to you over the years because I hate that I can't have you."
I licked my lips, hope bubbling up inside me. "Really?"
"Yeah." He lowered his hands, face flushed. "Is what you said true? Do you want me to fuck you? Because I do. Very much."
My hands fell to my sides and I stood, my body on full display before him. His mouth dropped open and the tent in his shorts twitched.
"We can't," I said, heart breaking.
He took a small step forward, shushing me. "Don't worry about that. It's just me and you here. Nobody will ever have to know."
I don't know if it was dehydration, the lingering orgasm still tingling between my thighs, or if it was the way the sun lit him up like he was Apollo himself, but I nodded. "Just this once."
Adam approached me, gently gripping my upper arms, his eyes wide with lust as he pulled me against his hard body. His hands moved to my back and slid down to cup my buttocks, kneading and caressing me while he kissed my cheek and shoulder. My clit pulsed back to life and my thighs were slick with wetness.
He laid me down, kissing me and murmuring assurances in my ear as he knelt, pushing his shorts and underwear down to his knees. A fully erect, uncircumcised cock jutted out from a neat bush of tawny brown pubic hair, a pearl of precum glistening on the tip.
My heart seized in my chest while a rush of wetness gushed from my virgin pussy. I hadn't shoved so much as a finger inside myself. I wanted Adam in me, but I was scared of pain. What if I didn't like it? What if I hated sex and ended up alone and miserable forever?
But just as I opened my mouth to tell Adam I wasn't ready, he cupped his heavy balls and pumped his shaft, staring down at my young body. I licked my lips. There was only one way to find out if I liked sex or not. I parted my legs and stared up into the pretty blue sky, wanting him to go further, but unsure how to ask him.
"You're so fucking sexy. I've wanted you for so long." He rested his hand on my knee and I gasped, eyes darting back to his perfect face.
I struggled to catch my breath. "Me too."
He smiled and let go of his cock, hand gently stroking the inside of my thigh. "Have you ever done anything like this before?"
I shuddered with pleasure, shaking my head.
"I'll be gentle. You can't go off to school with your virginity hanging over your head." With one hand firmly squeezing my knee, the other slid down to my leg to my pussy and I flushed with embarrassment over my public hair.
"Would you like it better shaved?" I blurted. "Nobody sees me naked so I don't bother with it, but if you-"
He shushed me. "You're sexy as fuck, Kenze. A little hair never bothered me or any other guy worth sleeping with. Just relax and let me make you cum."
I moaned when he ran his fingers over my slit and I spread my legs wider, giving him full access to my needy sex. "Will you take your shirt off?"
He smiled. "Only if you take off those stupid boots."
A bubble of laughter burst from me and I nodded.
Adam pulled his shirt over his head and leaned over to unlace my left boot, quickly pulling it off. I unlaced the left while he pulled off my sock. I held my breath as he crawled forward, lowering his head to kiss me. Our lips met and a surge of desire and affection for him made me weak. I couldn't believe this was really happening.
He pulled away and gripped my shoulders, laying me back down. Adam slid his fingers to my opening, gathering some of the wetness there and smearing it over my pussy lips and folds, electric pleasure rippling over my whole body when he touched my swollen clit.
"Oh, Adam. That feels so good," I whimpered.
He cupped my cheek with a tender smile, rubbing his thumb over my bottom lip. "I wanna kiss you again."
"Do it."
The grass rustled by my head when he put his hands on the ground, lowering himself over me to press his pretty lips against mine. His weight was so warm and so firm as his cock brushed my hairy mound. My mind reeled and I couldn't breathe. I broke our kiss, gasping.
He chuckled softly and leaned on his elbow, brushing my hair out of my face. "Don't be scared."
He looked so perfect. I rolled toward him and ran my fingers through his hair, pulling his head down so I could kiss him. I had to prove I wasn't just some blushing virgin.
He groaned against my lips and I couldn't help but smile. I was making him feel good, too.
Adam teased the corners of my mouth with his tongue. "Part your lips."
"What?"
When he slid his tongue over mine I whimpered and he pulled away, asking, "Did you like that?"
I responded by pulling him close and kissing him, pushing my tongue into his mouth, but panicking when I realized I didn't know what to do. Fortunately, Adam did. He sucked on my tongue and teased me with his, guiding my movements.
I slid my hands down to his chest and abs, marveling at the smooth hardness there. Adam worked so hard and ate so well to keep himself strong and fit. His ass felt great beneath my touch.
He rested his hand over my breast for a moment, giving me the chance to stop him, before squeezing it and sliding his hand to the other. His fingers brushed my nipple and I shivered with pleasure.
Adam pulled away from me, kissing his way toward my neck. His breath was hot in my ear. "I love your big tits. I wanna suck on your pink nipples."
I nodded and pushed his head toward my chest, my breathing ragged.
He left a trail of light kisses over me, nuzzling my breasts before sucking a nipple into his mouth.
"Oh," I murmured, rubbing his shoulders the back of his neck as he coaxed pleasure from my body.
I couldn't believe what was happening. Adam was just as into me as I was into him and we were fooling around outside in the woods at a public park. My heart pounded against my ribs as fear and excitement warred within me. No one would leave the path to find butterflies and accidentally stumble on two horny teenagers getting hot and heavy. Right?
Adam pushed himself to his knees, gaze lingering on my breasts as he stroked himself, smearing pearly precum up and down his shaft. His balls swung gently in time with his movement.
"I wish you could see yourself, Adam," I said, desire for him making me crazy. "You look so incredibly perfect right now."
He smiled and released his cock, grabbing my waist and pulling me close. I closed my legs reflexively, but he nudged them apart, resting the backs of my thighs over his. He gathered more of my wetness on his fingers and spread it over my pussy lips and swollen clit, making me sigh.
Our eyes met and he took his cock in hand, guiding it toward my sopping pussy. "I'm gonna make you cum."
I licked my lips. "Are you gonna put it inside me?"
"Not yet. Just relax. This won't hurt." He rubbed the tip of his cock over my clit in small, tight circles, eliciting the most intense pleasure I'd ever felt from my body.
I closed my eyes and moaned, all of my fears, frustrations, and heartache fading away as I lost myself to the pressure on my sensitive nub. Every little swirl of his cock lifted me higher and higher toward my release and within moments I was whimpering and writhing as my legs shook and my back arched.
"Look at me, Mackenzie."
My eyes fluttered open and the flushed expression of total lust on his face sent me over the edge. A burst of intense pleasure radiated from my pulsating clit and wave after wave of euphoria spread over my whole body.
"Adam, oh my God, Adam," I panted.
"You're so fucking sexy cumming from the tip of my dick." He kept rubbing me as my orgasm subsided. "I want you so bad."
I pushed him away, my tender clit suddenly sore. "I want you, too."
He smiled and leaned over me, his kisses gentle and sweet. "Are you sure? It's ok if you don't want to. We can do something else."
I squirmed beneath him, spreading my legs as I tried to line up my sex with his. "Please be gentle."
His face tightened with emotion and he kissed me softly. "Of course."
I cupped his cheeks, the sunlight bringing out the warmth in his beautiful eyes. "Do it."
Adam shifted his weight, moving his hips as he got into position. A sharp pinch made me cry out when he pushed himself inside me.
Tears leaked out of my eyes as my pussy struggled to accommodate his girth. He quickly pulled out and pushed himself to his knees. He stared down at his hard cock, a smear of blood covering the tip.
"Oh, fuck." He wrapped his hand around the base. "Are you alright?"
Embarrassed, I wiped my tears away and grabbed his arms, pulling him back down on top of me so I could kiss him. "I'm fine. It's supposed to hurt a little bit the first time."
He kissed my cheek, groaning as he pushed his fat cock back inside me. I bit my lip, pain mingling with lust; his guttural moaning and heaving chest driving me wild. I felt like some kind of wild sex dryad caught by a horny Greek god. Some primal impulse urged me to flex my hips into each of his thrusts and we fell into a steady rhythm.
An elusive pleasure bloomed from inside of me with every pump of his hips. The pain faded, and I was soon grunting along in time with Adam, my wetness trickling from my opening to my asshole. I was so free in those moments. I was a woman being fucked by a man I loved outside on a beautIful day. It didn't matter who our parents were and we didn't have to pretend we hated each other.
My body tingled with electric pleasure and my clit pulsed back to life, but I hoovered on the edge of another orgasm, that sweet release somehow out of reach.
"Mackenzie." Adam's voice was a sexy rasp. "I'm gonna cum. You feel so good."
I wrapped my legs around his waist and cupped his face. "Cum in me. I want it."
He pressed his face against mine and he went balls deep, moaning as he paused, his cock twitching as he came. Something hot and sticky flooded me and I groaned, deliciously sexy feelings radiating from my core. I was so fucking naughty.
He rutted against me three more times, squirting another rope of cum with each thrust. With a grunt, Adam collapsed on top of me, showering my face, lips, and neck with sweet, light kisses. I tickled his shoulders and upper arms, smiling when he shuddered and moaned.
In my head, I knew what had just happened was wrong; that what we had just done was completely inappropriate, but in my heart and my body, I knew that our attraction and coupling was normal; natural even.
He rolled onto his back with a grunt and I immediately missed his weight, even though we were both sticky with sweat. I snuggled up close and rested my head on his chest. Adam's fingers brushed my scalp and he began to stroke my head, lulling me into a peaceful doze.
"Mackenzie."
I jerked back into full consciousness. "Hmm?"
"What do we do now?"
I shushed him. "Don't speak yet. I just want to enjoy this a little longer."
###
Adam
My pale skin burned like a vampire's while I laid in the grass, forearm over my eyes so I didn't go blind. We needed to get up, but Mackenzie's hair was thick and luxurious beneath my fingers and the way she rubbed my thighs and stomach turned me on all over again. A butterfly landed on her shoulder, flexing its wings once before taking off.
She shifted and I opened my eyes as she rolled over to face me, her head still on my chest while she traced little circles on my collarbone. "I'm sorry I said you're gonna end up like your dad. I've been thinking about what you said; how you've always been such a dick because you're mad we can't be together."
"Yeah?"
"I think I've been a bitch for the same reason."
I shook my head. "You're not a bitch, Kenze."
She smiled so sweetly and so genuinely, my mind went blank. "Maybe not, but I've definitely been acting like one."
"Don't worry about it." Her tits were pressed up against my side and my dick stirred, wanting to feel the tight, silky smoothness of her pussy.
She closed her eyes and showered my chest with tender little kisses and I groaned.
Mackenzie blushed, eyes wide. "What?"
"You're turning me on."
She whipped her head around to look at my dick, already semi-hard. She didn't say anything and I rubbed her neck and shoulders, trying to reassure her.
She turned head back toward me, eyes down. "Can I touch you?"
My dick actually twitched and my whole body tensed. "Of course."
Mackenzie slid her hand toward my groin, hesitating at the point where my thigh met my hip. I took a deep breath and gritted my teeth. I had to be patient. As much as I wanted her to touch me, I couldn't scare her. I kept up my caress, focusing on how soft and smooth her skin was.
She brushed her palm over my dick and gasped, turning toward me, face lit up with excitement. "So smooth."
I swallowed hard and grunted in reply, laying my head back down and closing my eyes.
Emboldened, Mackenzie gently wrapped her hand around my shaft, her touch making my legs shake as I moaned. She pulled her hand away "Did I hurt you?"
"Not at all. You feel amazing." The rational grown-up part of me wrestled with the wild animal part that wanted to flip her over and ravish her.
She gripped me again, giving me soft little squeezes, occasionally stopping to kiss my stomach and chest.
The kisses were sweet, and I enjoyed them, but my dick needed more attention. "Up and down, Kenze."
"What?"
"Tug on it. Move your hand up and down the whole length," I said.
She did, gentler than I liked, but still wonderful.
I let her get used to the feeling and the motion for a few tortuous moments before saying, "Harder. You can't hurt me."
She paused, turning back toward me as she licked her lips, increasing the pressure around my dick and the strength of her tug. "Like that?"
I stiffened in her hand. "Yeah, baby. You're doing so good."
It only took three more firm pumps of her fist for lust to take over. We needed to get a move on or I was gonna go crazy.
I sat up a little, startling her when I put my hands on her hips, pulling her lower body toward me.
She let go of my dick and wiggled away with a cute little yip. "What are you doing?"
I took two deep breaths and ran my fingers through my hair, wild with desire for her. "I was gonna go down on you while you jerk me off."
Her mouth dropped open and she looked away, mulling it over before giving me a little shake of her head. "I can't do that yet."
"What?"
"Oral sex." She couldn't or wouldn't look me in the eyes.
I leaned forward and gathered her close, wrapping her hand around my shaft, guiding her grip and pace. With my other hand, I cupped and massaged her big natural tits, enjoying their weight and youthful bounciness.
She sighed. "I'm not ready to do that."
I kissed her on the cheek. "You don't have to do it to me. I was gonna do it to you."
She licked her lips. "You really wanna put your mouth there?"
Oh, I did. I wanted to taste her, and smell her, and feel her scratch my scalp when she screamed my name. But I didn't want to make her uncomfortable. "I do. Haven't you ever seen it in porn?"
She rolled her eyes. "I hate porn. The overwhelming majority of porn is made by men for the consumption of other men. It's-"
I kissed her before she went off on a tangent. "You've never watched porn? Not once in your life?"
She shrugged. "I have. But I prefer erotica."
I took both of her tits in hand, hoovering on the edge of control. My voice was ragged. "What do people in your dirty stories do?"
She licked her lips, eyes on my dick as she stroked it. "Can I try to go on top?"
I laid down in the grass, hard as a rock. "Yeah."
She pushed herself to her knees, hesitating. "I don't know what to do."
I ground my teeth as I sat up, cupping her cute, firm little buttock with one hand and grabbing her shoulder with the other. "Put one leg over my waist and face me."
When she did, I laid back down, my eyes glued to her gorgeous young body. Our eyes met and she bit her lip.
"If it helps, hold me steady while you lower yourself onto it. Take your time," I hoped I sounded encouraging.
Her virgin's blood had dried on my dick and I suddenly felt bad for being impatient.
She gripped my shaft, lowering herself toward my eager tip.
"You're doing so good. You're so sexy," I murmured, meaning every word.
I groaned when my tip breached her warm tight pussy and it took every ounce of self-control not to grab her by the hips and push her the rest of the way down. She whimpered, flinching with pain.
"Did that hurt?" I panted.
"Just a little sore." She took my tip back inside herself.
"Oh, Kenzie, Oh, my god, you feel so good." I reached behind her and grabbed her ass, guiding her into a gentle rhythm.
I wanted more. I wanted her to take my whole length into her perfect tightness, her firm, smooth buttocks in my hands and the sight of her titties bouncing in time with her pumping was so fucking hot, I might've been able to cum with just the tip in.
But after a few tense moments, a gush of hot, thick wetness ran down my length and she moaned, removing her hand. I swear her vaginal walls relaxed around my fat dick, the extreme pleasure I felt from the tantalizing sensation among the best I'd ever experienced.
I squeezed her ass, moaning. "Oh, Kenzie. Oh, fuck. Ride my dick, baby. I wanna feel your pussy contract around me when you cum."
She grabbed my wrist, moving my hand to her slick folds. "Rub my clit, Adam. You feel so good inside me, but it still hurts a little."
I grunted in reply, eagerly probing her folds, her hard little bundle of nerves easy to find.
She cried out when I began stroking her, easing a little bit more of my length inside her as another gush of pussy juices soaked me.
With every motion of her hips, she took me deeper. I was in fucking heaven as the tightest, wettest, most perfect pussy ever flexed and contracted around my dick as it stretched.
I was so close. That familiar tightening in my balls made me grunt. I had to hold on. I couldn't cum until she did. And the way she moaned as she bounced up and down made me think she wasn't too far off, either.
I increased the pressure on her clit, and she threw her head back with a guttural grunt, her buttocks pressing up against my thighs as she took my whole length. My legs shook and I bucked my hips, right on the edge of the best orgasm of my entire life.
"Kenze!" I didn't let up on her clit. "Don't stop! I can't cum if you stop!"
Her eyes rolled back in her head and she grabbed her breast, moaning as she slammed up and down. "Oh, Adam. I'm cumming!"
Her pussy contracted so hard around my dick that I came, my balls contracting as I shot two quick bursts of cum inside her.
She rode out the rest of her orgasm, pushing my hand away when she was finished. "Did I get you? Did I make you feel good?"
I grabbed her arms, pulling her down on top of me so I could hold her close. Her perfect tits were pressed against my chest as I stroked her hair. "You're perfect, Mackenzie. You're so good at sex."
Wetness oozed out of her, soaking my pubes and balls. She let me hold her for a little while before sliding off, my softening dick popping out with a squelch. Cum was smeared all over my length.
She laid beside me and snuggled close. We kissed lazily for a few moments before I dozed off, spent.
###
Adam
"Wake up."
My eyes flew open as Mackenzie pulled up her pants, her underwear tight across her butt. I'd had an older fuck buddy at school. Marla. My first. I liked her quite a bit, but I didn't love her. Sex with a woman I loved was so different, so much better.
I smiled. "I'm dying of thirst. There's no liquid left in my body."
Her expression faltered, powerful emotion brimming under the surface. Her bottom lip trembled as she put her glasses on.
I sat up. "Are you okay? Did I hurt you?"
She shook her head, picking up her bra as she stood. "I'm fine. My water bottle is in my backpack."
I used my shirt to wipe off my junk, then pulled on my briefs and shorts. Mackenzie wouldn't look at me while she finished getting dressed.
Her water bottle was one of those expensive thermos types. Frigid liquid stung my raw throat before I felt relief. I drank half of it before offering her the rest. I admired her pretty throat while she drank. When you love somebody, everything they do is beautiful.
She lowered the bottle, twisting the cap back on with a metallic rattle before stuffing it in her backpack along with her notebook and pencils.
"Did you get to draw any bugs?" I asked.
Her sad smile made me wince. "Yeah. Come on. Let's get home."
She let me take her hand as we walked back toward the gravel path in silence. I wasn't ready to go back to reality. It was so unfucking fair.
I squeezed her hand. "Will you let me treat you to an early dinner?"
Mackenzie pulled away as she stepped onto the gravel path, tears brimming in her eyes as she faced me. "Adam, I'm going to treasure this afternoon for the rest of my life. But we have to leave what happened here behind. We can't do anything like that ever again. It was just this once."
My heart shattered and I swallowed tears of my own. "Can I tell you something before I go?"
Two big, sad tears slid down her perfect face and she nodded.
"I love you, Mackenzie."
Our eyes met and she smiled, lifting her glasses so she could wipe fresh tears away with the back of her hand. "I love you, too, Adam. I think I always will."
She wouldn't let me touch her the rest of the walk to the car.