Rachel and I were sitting in a bar, having a quiet drink and a chat. She was wearing her bib overall shorts. Rachel was talking about shooting more videos for her site, and I was wondering if this was starting to get out of hand. She was saying that she was earning a lot of money on her web site with pictures, panties and now videos, and was talking about me helping her with camming.
She saw two guys come in and gasped quietly.
"It's the guys I delivered pizza to," she said.
"Huh?"
"Remember I had two guys sign my tit?"
"That's them?"
"Yes," she said.
"Do you want to go and say 'hi'?" I asked.
"Would you mind?"
"Is this going to turn into a thing?"
"It might," she admitted. "They're cute."
"I've got an idea," I said. "Videoconference me on your phone, then tell them we're playing a game and you have to do as I text you."
"You'll stay here?"
"I'll go and sit in the van, that way nobody'll see what I'm watching."
"Deal," she said, finishing her drink and standing up.
She tapped away on her phone, and my phone rang. I accepted the video call, turned my camera off and started recording.
"Wish me luck," she said, grabbing her bag.
"Remember to try and keep the phone pointed at you, so I can see what's happening."
She headed over to the two guys, and I finished up and headed out to the van, listening to the call.
"Hello boys," she said, "remember me?"
I could see that she'd put her phone in the front chest pocket, so I had a great view of what she was seeing.
"Oh my god," said the first guy, "it's the girl from the pizza place!"
The second guy smirked, obviously remembering slapping her tits.
"What are you doing here?" he asked.
"I was just starting playing a dares game with my friend via text," she said, "and as you were in one before, wondered if you wanted to play again."
"I don't think we want to be spanking you in public," said the first guy, grinning at her.
"I thought we could go somewhere more private," she said.
"Like where?" second guy asked.
She paused for a second, then said "the men's room?"
"Oh my god, you're a slut," the first guy said, "I love it. Let's go."
They got up, and with her in between them, headed to the men's bathroom. The first guy gestured her to stop outside, then checked the coast was clear. He motioned the other two in.
"What do you want to do?" he asked her.
"Let's go into the disabled stall, it's bigger, and I'll text my friend."
They went into the stall, and locked the door behind them. She hung her bag on the hook on the door and turned back to the guys, who were watching her.
"We had great sex after the last time we saw you," said the second guy.
"Wait, you're gay?"
"I'm gay, Billy is bi, and I love watching him get that turned on. Especially when he takes it out on me!"
"O... K..." she said. "Let me text him, and we'll see what we can do."
I saw the world flip around then got to watch Rachel's face as she texted me. My phone beeped with a message.
"We're here."
I texted her back "send picture"
I saw them as showed the guys the message, then I was looking at the wall of the bathroom for a second while she took the picture, then watched her face as she sent me the picture of the three of them, her in the middle.
I texted her back "take off shorts"
She put the phone down on the toilet roll dispenser, saying "so I can watch for messages," then unbuttoned her bib. I could see pretty much everything in the stall. I watched the guys watch as she pulled her shorts down and stepped out of them. She hung them on the hook on the door, and stood there in her panties and T-shirt. I had to stop myself texting her back straight away, as they didn't know I was watching everything.
She picked the phone up again, and flipped it to take a picture. She sent that to me, then put the phone back.
I texted her back "take off shirt"
I watched her take off her shirt, leaving her in just her bra and panties, then hang it with her shorts. She handed the phone to Billy, who took her picture, then she sent that to me and put the phone back.
I texted her "have 1 take off bra"
She gave the phone to Billy, and I watched him for a few seconds, and then Billy took a picture of the other two together.
"Hold her tits," he told the second guy.
"Look like you're enjoying it," Billy said, and took a picture of them together.
Rachel took the phone from him, and sent me a picture of the second guy holding her tits and grinning.
I texted her "slap tits red"
She showed them the text.
"Are you good with this?" asked Billy.
"I love it," she said, putting the phone down.
She put her hands behind her back, pushing her shoulders back so her tits stuck out, and they each slapped them a couple of times, leaving red hand prints. She gave the phone to Billy, and he took a picture of her. She sent it on over.
I texted her "both suck them better"
She showed them, then held the phone up while Billy and the second guy made a show of sucking her nipples for the picture. She sent that picture over too.
I texted her "suck 1 dick"
I knew he was gay, but I was sure she'd be able to get him off. Who doesn't like having their dick sucked? I watched her show the guys the message, then put the phone back.
"He doesn't hang around, does he?" said the second guy.
"Are you OK with this?" she asked him. "I can say no."
"No," he said, "I'm up for it."
I watched Rachel kneel down, and unzip him. His dick looked pretty hard to me as she fished it out and went down on him. He stroked her hair, and with his other hand reached out for Billy, who held his hand, smiling at him. I watched her suck away at him for a few minutes. After a while, she stopped and got up, giving Billy the phone to take a few pictures, and I heard her gag a few times. Billy carefully put the phone down, and stopped her. He undid the button on the guy's jeans, pulling them down to his thighs.
"Here," he said, "play with his balls."
She stayed kneeling down in front of the second guy, gently playing with his balls, and Billy jacked him off until he came over her tits.
She stood up and picked up the phone again, giving it to Billy to take a couple of pictures of her covered in the second guy's cum. She sent me a couple of pictures of her sucking, and one of her covered in cum, then put the phone down again. I watched as she went to get some toilet paper to wipe herself clean, but Billy stopped her, saying "allow me".
He grinned, and went to work licking her clean. I could see she was really turned on by this, but I wasn't supposed to be seeing anything.
I texted her "have 2 take off panties"
I saw her notice the buzz of the message arriving, but she waited until Billy was finished cleaning her before doing anything. She picked up the phone, read the message and showed the guys. Billy grinned, and she put the phone down again.
The second guy moved out of the way, and Billy bent down in front of her, then pulled her panties down. She put her hands on his shoulders while she stepped out of them. She took them from him and hung them on the door, then picked up the phone and gave it to the second guy to take a picture of the two of them, standing there together.
She sent me the picture, and I texted her back "spank butt"
I saw her grin as she read the message, then show the guys. She put the phone down, then bent over and put her hands on the toilet seat. Billy and the other guy went to work spanking her until she stopped them.
Billy picked up the phone and took a picture of her butt. She took the phone from him and sent the picture to me.
I texted her back "suck 2 dick"
She showed them the text, then put the phone back. She knelt down in front of Billy, unzipped him and picked up his dick, putting it in her mouth. As she sucked, he undid the button and pushed his jeans down his butt. He pointed to the phone, and I saw the second guy pick it up, then all I could see was him taking pictures of Rachel sucking his boyfriend off.
I wasn't able to watch while he was taking pictures, but Rachel took the phone from him. She was standing up, and she put the phone back on the toilet roll holder. She bent over the toilet again.
"Want to fuck me?" she said to Billy.
He very much did, and I watched as he lined up behind her, pushing his dick into her. He rocked back and forth, and I could see she was really getting into it. It didn't take long for her to start cumming, and then he pulled out and came over her back. She smiled at me through the phone as Billy ran his dick over her butt, then the second guy picked it up and took some pictures of her. He put the phone down again, and I watched as he licked Billy's cum off her back.
"That was incredible," Billy said, "thank you so much."
"Thank you," she said, standing up. "You've really helped me with this dares game. Let me see what's next. I need to get to work soon."
She picked up the phone, and sent me a picture of her with cum over her back.
I texted her back "panties, bra and shirt in bag, go out into the parking lot"
She grinned, and showed the guys.
"Looks like I have to be leaving," she said, and sorted out her bib shorts, putting them on.
Billy was redressing himself, too, and the other guy opened the stall door and checked outside before stepping out.
Rachel picked up the rest of her clothes and stuffed them into her bag. She'd put her phone back in the front pocket, and I could see her in the mirror. It was pretty obvious that she was almost naked. She put her bag over her shoulders, and gave Billy a kiss.
"You know where we live," he said, "come over any time and we can play more of your games."
At this point, the door to the bathroom opened, and a guy came in. He looked at her, confused.
"This is the men's room," he said.
"There was a line at the ladies," she said, grabbing the door from him and leaving.
I watched on the phone as she walked out the back of the bar, and headed across the lot to my van. She knocked, and I opened the sliding door. She dropped her bag in, then unbuttoned the shoulder straps on her bib, folding it down and taking her shorts off. She stood there, naked, as she went through her bag and found a new pair of panties to put on, then her bra. She pulled her shirt on, then stepped in to her shorts and did the bib up again.
"That was amazing," she said, "but I need to go home and get cleaned up before work."
"Why do you still do that?"
"I need something to explain being able to pay my bills," she said with a grin.