Disclaimer: None of the characters in this story are real people; the business depicted is not a real business and none of the events in the story actually happened.
Acknowledgments: Thank you, once again, to IrishBiGuy for his help in correcting my mistakes and improving certain elements of the story. A loving thank you as well to my beautiful wife and "co-conspirator" of 35 years who was an editor and story consultant. She was a partial inspiration for Lauren's character as well.
Any errors that remain are mine and mine alone. Here is The Interview...
Lauren busied herself in the kitchen waiting for her husband, Mark, to arrive. He had phoned her earlier in the day and left a message on her cell phone saying that he had big news and would tell her all about it when he saw her that evening. Since his call, Lauren had found it difficult to focus during her remaining few hours at work, particularly because her role as human resources manager for a mid-sized firm in Charlotte was not particularly exciting or challenging. The job did, however, help pay the bills, which was particularly important since Mark had resigned from his job seven months ago to focus on finding a position with a company that would enable them to move past the financial rut they had found themselves in previously.
It was a risky move and they, of course, knew it, but they had reasoned that there would never be a better time to take the plunge, as Mark had just turned thirty-five and Lauren was about to turn thirty. Still childless, by design, they concluded they were well-situated to deal with what might be a long process of finding a career that would enable him to fully realize his potential. Now, moving into the eighth month of the search, Lauren was beginning to have real concerns that they might have made a mistake, despite their careful planning.
She heard Mark's car pull into the garage and hurried to the door to greet him, "I have been going nuts waiting to talk to you," she said as she handed him a drink. "Get in here and tell me what is going on before I explode!"
"Sorry, babe," Mark replied. "I didn't want to tell you in a voicemail message and, once it got to be late in the day, I decided I would wait until I saw you to deliver the news."
"OK, OK - I understand. So please, just tell me," Lauren urged.
"Short version or long," Mark teased.
"Short - I don't think you will live through the long version if you make me wait," Lauren retorted as she playfully punched him in his ribs.
With a smile, Mark touched her hand and said, "I've been invited to fly to New York for a final interview with Dolce Textiles."
"Oh my god," Lauren exclaimed. "Are you serious?"
"Yes," Mark confirmed. "I should have said WE have been invited to come. They would like you to be there as well."
Lauren was momentarily speechless and then began peppering Mark with questions, "What had he heard from the recruiter that was representing him? When did they want them to be in New York? What was expected of her?"
Mark responded that the recruiter said the job was his, if this last round goes well. They are expected in New York this Friday. Mark will be in meetings with the company owner and his two sons on Saturday and then the couple are invited to dinner to connect on a personal basis. The recruiter explained that Dolce places a great deal of importance on spouse and family when considering a new executive hire.
"You just need to be you," Mark assured. "They will love you."
Having met with the Dolce executives on two prior occasions, he was also confident that Lauren's appearance would be a huge plus as well. At 5'4", 118 pounds, with a very tight body as a result of a dedicated fitness regimen that included swimming, running, and yoga, she consistently drew admiring looks from men (and some women) when they were in public. Combined with her pert 34D breasts, narrow hips, chestnut shoulder-length hair, and soft brown eyes, she was a package he rather enjoyed showing off when they were out together. To top it off, she was very smart and could easily hold her own in any conversation.
"Can you get away from work so that we can leave on Friday?" He asked.
"Absolutely," Lauren replied. "That won't be a problem."
On Wednesday an overnight package arrived that contained two first-class round-trip tickets to New York, information about their 5-star hotel reservations, and instructions regarding the private limousine that would take them from the airport to their hotel.
"Wow, these people do everything in a big way, don't they?" Lauren exclaimed upon inspecting the contents of the overnight package.
"Well, they are one of the top two clothing designers and manufacturers in Italy with worldwide distribution through top retailers. It's all about image for them - plus they can easily afford it," Mark noted with a grin.
They arrived at their hotel late Friday afternoon and were immediately escorted to their 4-room suite. Inside they discovered fresh flowers, an enormous fruit and cheese basket, along with a chilled bottle of French champagne.
"Hmm. I would have expected it to be an Italian Prosecco," Lauren quipped.
"Very funny," Mark replied. "I can ask that it be removed if you like."
"No," Lauren laughed with a wink. "I think I can make do with a $200 bottle of champagne."
After nibbling on the fruit and cheese, and imbibing on the wine, the couple decided they would check out the rooftop pool that the front desk clerk had recommended. Lauren wore a scandalously small red bikini that Mark had bought for the trip. The top tied at the back and at her neck. The bottom tied on either side - cut in on her ass cheeks a bit and dipped very low in front. The design required an extra degree of "lady-scaping" in order for her always neatly trimmed pubic hair not to show. A semi-transparent sarong and pool clogs completed the very hot look.
Mark wore a...well, who cares what Mark wore?
Back to Lauren. She had not always been so brave as to wear an outfit like the one she had on, however, Mark had let her know a few years back that it was a serious turn-on for him to see her dressed very sexy and witness the effect it had on others who saw her. She loved the sexual benefit that she received from Mark after she did a public "tease". He was always a skilled and attentive lover, but times like those brought out a bit of animal passion that was otherwise absent.
Stepping off the elevator at the 25th floor, Lauren and Mark followed the signs to the exit that lead to the pool deck. Moving into the warm New York summer sun, they were greeted by a beautiful tropical environment in the middle of Manhattan. The pool was surrounded by chase lounges and cabanas with privacy curtains. Lauren selected a lounge that was catching the most sun and settled in - reclining on her back. Mark settled in next to her and began to read the newspaper he had brought with him. After an hour and a half, Mark noticed that there were three college-aged boys checking out his scantily clad wife who appeared to be dozing behind her sunglasses.
"You have admirers," he informed Lauren.
"Do I now?" she mused.
"Directly across the pool from us," Mark said, "Why don't you give them a thrill and move your legs apart just a bit?"
"Give them a thrill, or give you a thrill?" Lauren teased.
"Both, I suppose," he replied.
"Why do you think this kind of thing turns you on so much?" Lauren asked as she slowly spread her legs about ten inches apart. "I mean, I like the effect it has on you and I don't mind the attention I receive when we are playing our little exhibitionist game, but I am curious."
"I'm not really certain why I like it. Normally, I am somewhat jealous and possessive about you, but, when my libido fully takes hold, I find it very stimulating to see other men longing for you and enjoying sneak peeks of your body," he explained.
"Do you think you would ever want this to go further?" Lauren queried.
"Maybe. Probably," Mark honestly replied. "For now, I find this to be sufficient to really get me going."
"Well enjoy, lover," Lauren grinned as she moved her legs even farther apart and pulled her feet up towards her.
Leaning forward and looking back enabled Mark to get a look at what the boys across the pool were experiencing. Lauren's bikini bottoms had slipped between the lips of her vagina a bit. Providing a tantalizing outline of her labia and slit. She tugged a bit on the center of her bottoms which caused the material to move even deeper between her lips. It also created a most pleasant friction as the material passed over her rather prominent clitoris. She could feel her womanly juices beginning to flow - dampening the material of her suit and highlighting the silhouette her audience were enjoying by causing the material to cling even tighter to the inside of her womanhood.
Lauren adjusted her bottoms again, which resulted in another electric sexual jolt from her very stimulated clitoris. Her breathing was much quicker and her lips were parted slightly as she imagined that she was not wearing anything at all, giving the appreciative boys an unobstructed view of her most private of areas.
Mark's gaze moved back and forth between the delicious display between his wife's legs and the sight of the three observers obviously delighting in the view she was providing them. "When those three are masturbating later tonight, it will be you they will be fantasizing about, my little tease," he noted.
"I certainly hope so," Lauren quipped. "I wouldn't want to think I've lost my ability to fire up the 18-20-year-old crowd."
"You haven't," Mark assured her. "Shall we return to our room so that we can deal with the effect you have had on me?"
"Of course, my darling," Lauren agreed as she rose from the lounge - making a show of adjusting her bikini bottoms while affording the boys an ever so brief glimpse of her pubic hair as she pulled the material away from her abdomen a bit more than necessary.
Once back in the room, Lauren dropped to her knees and retrieved Mark's rigid penis from his bathing trunks. She quickly took it into her mouth and began sucking and licking his 7" manhood with enthusiasm. She moved from his penis to his testicles with her lips and tongue, sucking his overly large balls, one at a time, into her warm mouth. With her free hand, she reached into her bikini bottoms and rubbed her throbbing clitoris, which was swollen and hypersensitive.
Losing patience and some of his control, Mark lifted Lauren and pushed her onto the bed face up. He quickly untied one of the side strings on her bikini bottoms and slipped it out from under her. His penis felt as if it was about to burst as he grabbed it and guided it toward his beautiful wife's exposed vagina. Sliding smoothly into her love canal, Mark was trembling with passion as he began to stroke his cock in and out of Lauren's very soft and very hot hole.
Lauren, meanwhile, was pleased that she was being rewarded for her earlier teasing behavior by the animal passion she loved from Mark as he pounded his manhood into her while she talked to him about the just-completed exhibitionist display.
"Did you enjoy seeing your wife spread her legs for those boys? Do you think they could imagine what I looked like under my bikini? Would you have liked them to have come closer? Would you have been OK with me taking off my bikini and letting them see me naked and spread open? Would you have liked it if they touched me?"   With each question, Lauren heightened Mark's excitement level as she escalated the encounter beyond the actual into the possible. Sensing where her husband wanted the questioning to go, she looked him in the eye and asked, "Would you have liked to watch all of them fuck me?"
Her final question pushed Mark over the edge and he exploded inside her with a roar. "Damn, honey, that was so hot. You've never taken our 'would you like it if' game that far before," Mark noted as he recovered from his orgasm.
"Well, I think I've been inspired by everything that has been going on this week," Lauren explained. "I am hyper-excited and very sexually revved up. The thought of those three boys taking turns on me is a major turn-on right now."
"Whatever is affecting you must also be working on me," Mark agreed. "The thought of watching that trio put their cocks inside you was and is driving me slightly mad with passion."
"Perhaps we will have to experiment with these new boundaries a little while we are out of town," Lauren proposed.
"I would like that," Mark concurred. "Now, we need to get ready for dinner."
Promptly at 7:00 PM Franco, their limo driver, picked them up and took them to one of the 72 Michelin Star restaurants that are concentrated in mid and downtown Manhattan. Upon arrival, they were escorted to a prime table where they found Mark's executive recruiter, Cecil, waiting for them.
"Wow," Lauren exclaimed. "It's been a while since we have dined in a place like this."
"Yeah, like never," Mark retorted with a grin.
"This restaurant is owned by Dolce. They diversify their investments into a variety of industries and they love to invest in New York businesses," Cecil explained. "But Lauren, where are my manners? Please forgive me for not introducing myself. My name is Cecil Brooks. I am very pleased to meet you and I am delighted that our months-long efforts are very close to coming to fruition for you two."
"It is nice to finally meet you, Mr. Brooks," Lauren replied. "Mark speaks very highly of you and we are very excited to have this opportunity."
"Please, call me Cecil," he insisted. "We are all going to get to know each other much better by the end of the weekend, so we can dispense with formalities".
"Great, thanks Cecil," Lauren smiled.
Dinner proceeded at a measured pace. The top-notch staff ensured that the various courses arrived when they should without rushing the dining experience. During the meal, Cecil explained more about Dolce and the executives they would be meeting on Saturday.
"Mark, their decision has come down to you and one other candidate, however, you are their first choice for the position. As Head of Sales for all of North America, you will be responsible for a 30-person sales force that currently produces over $120,000,000 in revenues for the company.
I have received their employment offer sheet and they asked that I cover some of the details with you tonight," Cecil explained. "In addition to full benefits for both of you as well as all relocation expenses, they will provide you with a townhouse on the Upper East Side, fully furnished, and rent-free for the duration of your employment, which they trust will be for a long time to come. Finally, your annual salary will be $1,000,000, plus performance bonuses based upon sales increases you and your team accomplish each year."
Cecil paused to allow Mark and Lauren time to process what he had just covered. As the couple looked at each other with smiles forming on their mouths, he slid the offer sheet across the table to Mark and added, "Oh, and one more thing. There is a $100,000 signing bonus that will be wired into your bank account at the successful conclusion of your time with them this weekend."
Lauren looked at Mark and asked, "Do I have to be cool and reserved about the offer in front of Cecil?"
"Uh, no you don't, Sweetheart," he assured her.
"Well then, holy crap! I had no idea we were talking about this kind of opportunity. Mark, were you keeping this from me for all these weeks?" She exclaimed.
"No, honey, I was not. Cecil had told me that the package would be in keeping with Manhattan-based executive compensation with similar levels of responsibility, but I did not expect anything close to this," Mark explained.
Cecil went on to explain that Dolce does everything in a first-class manner, including their treatment of key executives, so the compensation was in keeping with their company philosophy.
"You should also realize," he continued "that they expect extreme dedication and loyalty from their key executives. Indications of which they will be looking for during your time with them this weekend. That includes you as well, Lauren."
"Well, as long as it's not immoral or illegal, $1 million buys you a lot of dedication and loyalty from me," Lauren responded.
"Maybe just a little immoral," Mark joked.
Lauren rolled her eyes at him.
Cecil continued to lay out the weekend plans for them, noting that Mark would be in meetings with the Dolce executives all day Saturday, while appointments with the Spa at their hotel had been set for Lauren beginning at 11:00 AM followed by a session with the head dressmaker at Dolce fashions NY.
"You recall, Lauren, that Dolce asked for your clothing sizes when we were setting this weekend up a few days ago. They are going to provide you with an outfit from their couture collection to wear to dinner Saturday night and their head tailor will make the final fitting adjustments for you," Cecil said. "So, tomorrow is a big day for all of us and we should each get a good night's sleep."
Back at the hotel, the couple could not wipe the grins off of their faces. As Lauren was changing out of her clothes, Mark came up behind her and queried, "So, have you ever had sex with a millionaire?"
"I'm not sure, maybe. But to be clear, you are not a millionaire yet," she replied with a playful smirk.
"True, so how about a pity fuck for a poor guy?" he implored.
"You got it, hot stuff," Lauren agreed as she dropped to her knees and reached for his cock — taking it into her mouth and sucking it to the back of her throat.
Groaning, Mark began to pump his engorged member in and out of her mouth, pressing to try and push it down her throat more with each thrust. Lauren tried to accommodate his desires, however, she was only able to handle 5 of his 7 inches. Mark did not seem to mind as he pumped in and out of her little mouth with increasing speed.
Lauren was impressed by his enthusiasm as his cock slid in and out from between her sweet lips. She wondered how long he could keep up his pace without ejaculating. Her question was answered a few seconds later when she felt his penis begin to pulse and swell in her mouth. Without thinking, she pulled her head back and aimed his cock at her tits as he came. The hot liquid coated both breasts and splashed against her neck.
"Damn Lauren. I wanted to cum in your mouth for once," Mark complained lightly when his ejaculations had subsided.
"I know, Honey. I just can't seem to get myself to let you do that. I want to give you what you want, but I panic at the last moment. I'm sorry," she lamented.
Mark concluded that spraying cum all over his wife's gorgeous tits was not all that bad and decided to let it go. After changing for bed, they both succumbed to the effects of the copious amounts of alcohol they had consumed and quickly drifted off to sleep.
When Lauren woke the next morning, Mark had already left the room for his meeting, leaving her a note telling her he hoped she enjoyed her day. After showering and slipping into the plush terry cloth robe supplied by the hotel she made her way to the hotel spa for her treatments. The staff indulged her with the full spa experience, including a facial, manicure, pedicure, and even a bikini wax. The technician who was performing the bikini wax was talkative and she chatted Lauren up a bit during the procedure — in part to distract from the discomfort the process involved.
"You must be so excited," the Cuban-born tech, Maria, exclaimed. "Signore De Luca is a most generous man who truly appreciates his employees. I understand your husband is in line for a senior executive position with Dolce. Most people would give anything for a job like that with the company. Signore De Luca likes to hire top people, treat them like royalty, and retain them for the long term. It is not unusual for him to tip me and others $1,000 when he comes in here for treatments. He does have a couple of minor quirks to deal with, but they are easy to overlook when compared to the benefits working for him brings."
"Quirks? What kind of quirks?" Lauren asked.
"Well, he is full-blooded Italian, so you can be sure he really loves women — particularly very pretty ones like you. And, he has a real problem with people turning down a request that he makes. This is because, I think, he takes such good care of his people and their families, therefore, he expects reciprocation when he asks for something." Maria explained. "I remember another couple that were in New York for a weekend kind of like yours. I saw them in the hotel lobby when they left a day early on Sunday. The wife was crying and the husband looked all sorts of angry about something. Never saw them again. I guess it didn't go well."
"Any advice for me?" Lauren asked.
"It's simple, really. Be nice, be friendly, go along with the 'program' - you won't regret it," Maria explained as she ripped the last waxing strip off of Lauren's pubic area.
As a finishing touch to the process, Maria used tweezers to eliminate any errant pubic hairs that the waxing had missed. She used her fingers to move and stretch the skin around Lauren's labia area in order to facilitate her plucking. When she parted the lips of Lauren's vagina to check inside, it was apparent that Lauren had been emitting a copious amount of female fluids during the process.
"Oh, I am so sorry," Lauren said, embarrassed by her body's involuntary response.
"Please, do not give it a second thought," Maria reassured. "It is a perfectly natural response and indicates that you are a sexually healthy woman. I think you will find this type of reaction to stimulus to be a blessing, Mrs. Tressel," all the while moving her fingertips up and down Lauren's slit and over her bulging clitoris checking to see if more plucking was needed.
Lauren felt her hips begin to slowly rotate in response to the manipulations of the talented technician. She doubted that there was any more "lady-scaping" necessary, but she was in no hurry for the process to end.
"There is no problem, Mrs. Tressel. You should be very excited by the events of this entire weekend and do not be shy about showing your appreciation - particularly when you are around Mr. De Luca," Maria suggested.
The tech stroked Lauren's vagina a few more times, slightly encroaching with her fingertip into Lauren's vaginal opening a few times. Then, suddenly, she stopped. Lauren's hip movements continued for a few more seconds and then ceased.
"We need to be certain that you meet with the head dressmaker on time, Mrs. Tressel," Maria explained. "Plus, I think you will appreciate and find it helpful to maintain a high level of excitement as the day and night continue." Lauren left the spa, with her sexual "motor" still running.
After applying a bit of makeup and slipping into a denim skirt, a blouse, and flats, Lauren located Franco, who was waiting for her in the lobby. Franco drove her directly to the Dolce Enterprises building in midtown. She was greeted at the door by a young female whose task it was to direct her to the head dressmaker.
"Would you like something to drink?" The girl asked Lauren.
"Sure, thanks," Lauren replied.
After being escorted into a dressing room, a glass of champagne was delivered to Lauren. Minutes later, the dressmaker, Luigi, arrived with his assistant in tow. The assistant was carrying several boxes, which he laid on a table near Lauren.
"It is a pleasure to meet you, Mrs. Tressel. My name is Luigi. I trust you will like the outfit I have put together for you to wear to tonight's dinner. Please, take a look," he said as he gestured toward the boxes.
Lauren moved to the table and began to inspect the contents of the boxes. Inside she found a black knit skirt that buttoned all the way up the front. A cream-colored silk blouse with long sleeves and, again, buttons up the front. A pair of beautiful 5" stiletto high heels that were black with cream accents along the side. To her surprise, the boxes also contained black thigh-high stockings as well as cream-colored lacy panties and a matching lacy bra.
"Everything is from our yet-to-be-released couture line for this year," Luigi informed. "Signore De Luca asked that you be in one of the company's finest outfits for dinner tonight. Please, step into the changing room and try everything on for us. I will make any last-minute adjustments that are necessary."
After moving into the private room, Lauren slipped into the silk panties and bra. She noted how soft and smooth the texture of both items were. Combined with the very detailed lace pattern both displayed, it was obvious that they were top quality. She also noted that her nipples were clearly evident through the material as well as her small pubic patch and the outline of her labia.
Pulling on the stockings Lauren could tell that they snugged her legs tightly and clung securely to the tops of her thighs. "Well, I won't have to worry about that possible wardrobe malfunction," she mused.
After getting into the skirt, which came to just below mid-thigh, and the blouse, which was made of very thin material and allowed for an opaque but tantalizing view of her lace bra underneath, Lauren thought, "I guess this is the look Mr. De Luca likes in women. A little over the top, but elegant nonetheless."
Lauren returned from the changing room a few minutes later wearing the outfit. Every item fit like it had been made for her which, in a sense, was the case. Luigi fussed about a bit, tugging and adjusting the skirt and the blouse while pinning and marking for the slight final adjustments he thought necessary. As he went about his work, his hands would brush against Lauren's breasts and hips causing little jolts of pleasure to surge through her.
"Well, I am definitely maintaining a high level of excitement," Lauren thought as she leaned into the dressmaker's touch a bit. As she did, Luigi unbuttoned the blouse and removed it from her, handing it to his assistant. He followed this action by repeating the process with her skirt.
Stepping back, Luigi nodded his approval. "The lace of both the bra and panties perfectly accentuate your womanly attributes," he judged.
"It provides a hint of what is underneath, while still ensuring a degree of mystery," Luigi commented as he ran the back of his fingertips over her sensitive nipples and labia for emphasis.
Surprised by the dressmaker's boldness, but enjoying the attention, Lauren thanked him for his comments and remained perfectly still while he continued to look intently at her barely concealed body.
"I appreciate the attention to detail," Lauren commented. "However, it seems a bit excessive as these items will be under the fabulous clothing you are providing me."
"One never knows, Mrs. Tressel," Luigi countered. "Plus, I find that a woman feels at her most sensual when she knows every inch of her clothing and her body are groomed to perfection, as you are and will be."
After a few more somewhat awkward moments, Luigi broke the spell that he had created, "Thank you for your time, Mrs. Tressel, I will complete the final tailoring of the skirt and blouse and will have them sent over to your suite at the hotel within the hour. Please take the lingerie and shoes with you. I hope you have a wonderful time tonight."
Lauren walked to the front of the building where Franco was waiting with the limo. Her two encounters with the Dolce employees had left her feeling very sexual and naughty, which inspired her to playfully tease Franco during their drive back to the hotel. When she sat on the rear seat of the limo, she allowed her already short denim skirt to ride up very high on her thighs. While chatting with the driver during the ride, she could see him looking back at her through his rearview mirror, obviously enjoying the view she was providing him.
"All went well with your fitting, I trust?" Franco inquired.
"Oh, yes, very well. Luigi even provided me with stockings, panties, and a bra for tonight," Lauren responded while retrieving the panties from her bag and holding them up for Franco to see.
"Those are very lovely," Franco commented. "You should feel very desirable in them tonight."
"I love wearing sexy underwear," Lauren offered as she opened her legs and lifted the hem of her skirt to demonstrate.
"Yellow is a very good color for you, Mrs. Tressel," Franco declared. "Thank you for showing them to me."
Without responding, Lauren unbuttoned and unzipped her skirt and pulled it down from her hips to the floor. Stretching her legs out in front of her, she provided Franco with an unobstructed view of her lovely yellow t-back panties with a wide lacy band at the top and very thin silky material at the crotch. As she adjusted them, like she had done with her bikini for the boys at poolside the day before, she inquired, "What do you think of these, Franco?" Touching the crotch with her fingers, she said, "These are my husband's favorite pair."
"I can see why he likes them, Mrs. Tressel, but I think he may like your new panties even better," Franco countered.
"Well, give me your opinion then, please," Lauren requested. As she said this, she lifted her hips off the seat, hooked her fingers under the waistband of her panties, and slid them off her hips. She left her legs parted enough for Franco to get an unobstructed view of her pussy and pubic hair as she began to slip the new panties over her feet. As she, once again, began lifting her hips to pull the delicate garment into place, she looked directly at Franco. His eyes were busy feasting on the lovely view she was providing him.
"So, what is your vote?" Lauren asked him.
"Mrs. Tressel, your body makes them both look wonderful and any man would be grateful to see you wearing either of the panties. However, I must admit there is something about the yellow pair that I particularly like on you. But please, do not tell anyone at Dolce that I am saying this," Franco said with a smile.
"Your secret is safe with me, Franco. I assume my little fashion show for you will remain between us as well?" Lauren asked.
"I will remember this ride forever, however, it will be my very private, very happy memory, Mrs. Tressel," Franco assured her.
As the limo approached the hotel, Lauren slipped the new panties back off and pulled her skirt back on, providing Franco with one more memory of the ride. When they stopped, Franco left his seat and moved to the rear door, opening it for Lauren. She exited the vehicle, taking the hand he offered to assist her with her egress from the vehicle. As she did, she placed something in his hand. Looking down, Franco saw that it was her yellow panties, "Mrs. Tressel, I wish you and your husband the best of luck with the job. I very much hope you become a part of the company, as I would enjoy having the opportunity to drive for you on a regular basis."
"I would like that as well, Franco, — I enjoy your company. Let's both hope tonight goes well," Lauren said.
"I've driven other wives, whose husbands were going through Mr. De Luca's process and you stand apart from any of the others. If I may suggest, just be yourself with him. The confidence you demonstrate and the sensual energy that comes off of you will serve you well with the executive team. Mr. De Luca will appreciate what you have to offer the company, I am certain. Show him that you and your husband are 'all in' to make the most of the opportunity. You will both be happy that you did," Franco instructed.
Lauren thanked Franco and then realized she needed to hurry up and get ready for tonight - as it was already past 5:00 PM. When she walked into her room, she noticed that Mark was not there yet and surprised herself with the realization that she had been so caught up in her day that she had not given much thought to how his day had gone. Stripping off her clothing, she stepped into the shower and began the process of preparing for the most important dinner of her life.
Thirty minutes later, Mark entered the room in a rush and found Lauren wearing a towel sitting at the bathroom vanity applying her makeup.
Tugging at the towel, Mark asked, "How about a quickie before you get dressed?"
"Regrettably, not a chance, Mister," Lauren retorted. "You need to get ready and I certainly don't have time to redo everything I've done thus far. It is a shame, though. After my experiences with some of the Dolce employees this afternoon, I need a sexual release. It seems to me that all of them have some type of agenda for tonight that I have not been made privy to yet. Is there something that you are not telling me, my love?"
"Well, other than you being the focus of a gang bang tonight," Mark said with a wicked grin, "there is nothing else to tell."
"A gang bang? Really, Mark, is that the best you could come up with for me? Be careful what you joke about though! The thought of that happening just made your wife very wet and very naughty-minded," Lauren observed.
"I like that," Mark smiled. "I think we have tonight in the bag, my naughty wife."
"This is sounding more and more like an indecent proposal where I am the compensation from our side," Lauren surmised. "Am I supposed to behave like a slut tonight?" Feeling another surge of vaginal fluids as she said, 'slut'.
"Just be you, go with the flow, and trust your instincts. Cecil has assured me that nothing will happen tonight unless we are both OK with it," Mark coached. "To be clear, at this point, I am very much OK with you pushing the boundaries well past simple flirting to make these guys happy with us."
"So, are you saying that I should act like a whore if they want me to?" Lauren questioned.
"Aren't many of us whores in some way or another, Sweetness?" Mark observed. "A lot of people make compromises to get what they want. To be perfectly clear, I am not pressuring you. If anything makes you too uncomfortable, we will call this whole thing off immediately. However, if you relax and go along, I'll bet you will have a good time and the evening will be a success."
With a thoughtful nod of her head, Lauren returned to her hair and makeup then moved into the bedroom just as Mark was stepping out of the shower. She found her skirt and blouse along with a wide leather belt draped across the bed. She smiled to herself when she noticed that the belt, like the shoes, was made from Italian leather. "Well, they are consistent," she thought.
Lauren dressed in the freshly altered clothing and was slipping into the heels as Mark stepped out of the walk-in closet "Oh my god," he exclaimed. "You look positively wonderful and sexy and wonderful — did I mention sexy?"
"Thanks, honey. Just a little something I picked up while I was out today," Lauren teased.
As both Lauren and Mark were putting the finishing touches on their outfits, the telephone in their room rang. Mark answered and listened for a moment and then said, "OK, we will be up in just a few minutes."
"That was Lyle, one of Signore De Luca's assistants. We don't have far to travel. Dinner will be a privately catered affair in the penthouse of this hotel - two floors up."
"Well, I am as ready as I will ever be, so let's get to it, my love," Lauren urged.
They walked down the hallway and entered the elevator for a short ride. Just before they stepped out into the penthouse suite, Lauren revealed to Mark, "By the way, I took off my skirt and panties in the limo today, in full view of the driver, and then gave the panties to him."
Mark had no time to process Lauren's revelation as they were immediately greeted by a very large black man in a suit. "Mr. and Mrs. Tressel, welcome. My name is Lyle.   "Thank you, Lyle. We are pleased to be here," Mark responded.
Lyle ushered them into a very large room appointed with beautiful artwork and furniture where four men were already sitting. The men looked up and began to rise as the couple entered the room.
A very elegant, very tanned gentleman of about 50 with an air of authority about him stepped forward extending his hand, and said, "Ah, Mrs. Tressel. You are even more beautiful and ravishing than I had imagined. My name is Tommaso De Luca and I welcome you to my home." With that, he took her hand in his and leaned forward to kiss the back of it.
"Thank you, Mr. De Luca. I have been looking forward to tonight since I first learned of your company and the opportunity for my husband to join your executive team," Lauren replied.
"We all have been very impressed by Mark - even more so as we have gotten to know him better. You have made quite a first impression, my dear, and I trust, like your husband, we will only be more impressed as we have the opportunity to know you more intimately as this evening progresses. In that spirit, I will ask that you call me Tommaso and I will call you Lauren, if that is all right."
"Of course, Tommaso," Lauren agreed.
The others in the room were introduced to Lauren. Bernardo Ricci - 55, Tommaso's second in command in charge of global operations. Lorenzo Bianchi - 45, head of the global sales team and the man to whom Mark would report. And Antonio Russo - 48 head of HR worldwide. The fourth was Cecil Brooks, who had been invited to join them as well.
After small talk and glasses of Prosecco, the six of them adjourned to the adjoining dining room for dinner. The meal had been prepared by the executive chef from the restaurant where they had dined the previous evening and was served by members of the senior wait staff from the restaurant. Everything was, of course, delicious. As the meal progressed, attentive staff never allowed the wine glasses to become empty.
Lauren was seated directly to the left of Tommaso, who was at the head of the table, and she was flanked by Bernardo on her left. Across from her was Antonio - next to him Cecil, then Mark, and at the other end, Lorenzo. Mark was deep in conversation with Cecil and Lorenzo leaving Lauren to be entertained by the three execs at her end of the table. Tommaso asked her all about her history, focusing on college and her social life. Antonio inquired mostly about her current job and any reluctance she might have to leave it to relocate to New York. Bernardo did not say much, but she noticed that he kept a close and unapologetic eye on her skirt and legs. Lauren assured them that leaving her job would be no problem at all and that she found the prospect of living in New York to be very exciting.
Tommaso asked how she and Mark met and if she had any other lovers before Mark.
"Yes, one other boyfriend for about a year," she answered, thinking it "so Italian" that he had used the term "lover" instead of "boyfriend".
After dinner drinks were served and Tommaso invited everyone to follow him downstairs where it would be more relaxed and informal. As Lauren rose from her seat, she noticed Bernardo staring at her skirt again and decided to be a little careless with her posture, giving him a brief glimpse of the top of her stockings.
"I don't think I would have done that a few drinks ago," she thought to herself.
As the group made their way to the stairway, Tommaso explained to Lauren and Mark that the penthouse suite comprised the entire top two floors of the hotel and that Dolce owned the entire building.
"I entertain many friends and business associates upstairs, but this level is for a select few to enjoy," Tommaso told them.
The very large room they entered at the bottom of the stairs was spectacular in its own way. Much warmer, with rich leather furnishings; a full 15-seat bar; a fireplace, and beautiful hardwood floors partially covered by elegant Persian rugs. The walls were dominated by large pieces of artwork - all of which were canvasses of erotic subjects - some of which, while tasteful, were very graphic.
"And now I'm certain you better understand one of the reasons that I am very selective as to whom I ask to join me on this level. I hope you are not offended by any of the art, Lauren?" Tommaso asked.
"Not at all, Tommaso. I find it to be both beautiful and stimulating," Lauren teased.
"Excellent," Tommaso responded. "That is the reaction I was hoping for from you."
Yet another drink was put in Lauren's hand and she sipped at it as she walked around the room and inspected each of the portraits one at a time. As she moved about, she saw Lyle descending the stairs with a silver tray in his hands. On the tray were two small silver bowls with small pills in each. As he passed the Dolce executives, they each took one pill from both bowls and swallowed them with a drink of the beverage they were holding. Lyle then approached Mark and Cecil. After a brief discussion with Lyle, Mark nodded and swallowed two of the pills himself followed by Cecil, who looked over at Lauren and smiled as he took his pills.
Lyle then joined Lauren and asked if she would care to partake.
"What are they?" Lauren asked.
"They are from Italy - expensive, and very popular with the wealthy. One helps reduce the negative effects of consuming a copious amount of alcohol, so you can drink without worrying about a hangover tomorrow. The other is a mild stimulant that will enable you to enjoy the evening and add to your natural stamina," Lyle explained.
Lauren thought about it for a few seconds and then, against what should have been her better judgment and influenced by the alcohol she had already consumed, picked up one each of the pills and downed them with her drink. She then continued on her tour of the room's artwork, fascinated by the intertwined bodies and multiple positions and partners that were represented.
After a few minutes, Lauren began to feel a euphoric sense of being - coupled with an ever-increasing feeling of affection for the people around her. She also was aware that her nipples were at full attention and pressing into the fabric of her lace bra. Glancing down, she could see that her nipples were indeed making their presence known through the thin material of her silk blouse. Oddly, she wasn't at all embarrassed. On the contrary, she felt a surge of warmth that traveled from her lower abdomen to her vagina - wonderfully stimulating her clitoris.
She looked over at Mark who was watching her. He smiled and lifted his glass in salute, as did Cecil who was still standing with him.
"Lauren, my love. Come join me at the bar," Tommaso called to her.
Lauren turned and walked toward Tommaso, all the while fully aware that the fabric of her bra and panties were rubbing against her nipples and clit respectively.
As she approached, Tommaso slid off of his bar stool and made a production of looking her up and down taking an obvious pause as he looked at her chest. "You make our clothes look delicious, Lauren. You have a wonderful presence about you and your body is made to be appreciated. However, if I may, I'd like to make a couple of adjustments so that you can wear our clothing the way it was intended to be worn. Would that be all right, darling?"
"Yes, I suppose so," Lauren agreed. Disappointed that she had not worn the clothing correctly.
"In Italy, women understand that it is important to tease men with their clothing. Making one's self the object of a man's desire adds to the power and influence that can be wielded by a confident and sexy woman such as yourself," Tommaso explained.
With that, Tommaso knelt and began to unbutton the bottom three buttons of the skirt. He then rose and unbuttoned her blouse down to just past her bra.
"The stocking tops are meant to be seen, in a peek-a-boo fashion. The bra, as well, is intended to be slightly revealed as you turn or lean over. That is very expensive lace and it demands to be noticed. What do you think, Lauren?"
Before responding, Lauren looked over at Mark who had been watching her exchange with Tommaso. He nodded his approval and gave her a thumbs-up to reinforce his opinion.
"It's not my usual look, but I like it. It makes me feel sexy," Lauren admitted.
"Excellent! I am certain that everyone here greatly appreciates the sexy scenery you are providing. It is very exciting for us, as it must be for you, based upon your obvious physical reaction," Tommaso added as he once again stared at her chest.
Lauren looked down again and saw that her nipples were harder than ever and were straining against the fabric of her blouse even more. "Oh, I am so sorry," Lauren apologized.
"Don't be, Tommaso assured her. It is perfectly natural and only adds to your beauty and appeal. I also very much appreciate the trust that you have demonstrated here, knowing that being the wife of one of my key executives and a member of my innermost circle affords you benefits that only a few get to enjoy. Please come sit with me for a while."
Lauren walked with Tommaso to the bar. As she did, she looked down and saw that, with every step she took, the tops of her stockings and a little bit of bare thigh flashed into view. Looking around the room, she saw that all eyes were on her as she walked.
With effort, Lauren stepped up and slid onto one of the barstools. Tommaso sat next to her and they were joined by the three other Dolce execs.
"Like moths to a flame," Tommaso declared with a grin.
It was impossible for Lauren to keep her skirt pulled together, so she gave up and simply crossed her legs, leaving the entirety of her stockings exposed and very little distance between the new endpoint of her skirt and a view of her sexy new panties. The fact that she was enjoying this pose concerned her somewhat, as this was a business affair - not some pick-up bar from her college days. The men talked with her as she sat there and took every opportunity to touch her leg, her arm, or her shoulder and neck. The touches sent electric jolts through Lauren's nervous system and kept her nipples and clit swollen and hypersensitive.
In the meantime, Cecil had been talking non-stop with Mark. Reinforcing the benefits that the job would entail and reminding Mark that his part in securing the position was done. The executives were sold on his talent and abilities. Tonight was all about Lauren, he advised. Tommaso was obviously impressed by her and things were going well.
"How far will he take things with her?" Mark asked while watching his wife with the four men at the bar and noticing that his cock was awakening.
"It all depends upon her...and you," Cecil explained. "He is offering an extraordinary opportunity and expects an extraordinary amount of openness and cooperation from the two of you tonight. Can you go along with that?"
Mark was feeling the effects of the two pills that Cecil had persuaded him to take, plus his libido was running wild as he watched his sexy wife tease the men at the bar. He now had a raging hard-on and unreasonable desire for things to go further, "If she is OK with it, I am OK with it."
"She won't be forced to do anything. She will, however, be encouraged to do a lot," Cecil admitted.
"Lauren seems to be enjoying herself and I am enjoying watching her. She can handle herself," Mark noted.
The conversation at the bar continued for a while with each man taking the opportunity to ask Lauren questions and, occasionally, reaching out to touch her in some minor way.
Meanwhile, Lauren was having a conversation within a conversation in her head. Chatting with the men while, at the same time, mentally debating just how far she should let things go. A little teasing was OK she supposed, however, she felt certain that the men with her now wanted things to go past the teasing point. She needed a balance between going along with the advances they were trying to make and maintaining a degree of professionalism. Tommaso seemed pleased with her and she wanted to keep it that way.
A sound at the top of the stairs drew everyone's attention as three young boys descended the stairs.
"It's my sons and their friend," Tommaso declared as he moved to greet them. "They are in the city for the weekend."
He brought the boys over to the bar and introduced them to Lauren, Mark having already met them on one of his previous visits.
"Lauren, may I introduce my sons, Luca and Stefano, and their friend, Vanni Esposito," Tommaso said.
"Nice to meet you," Lauren greeted the trio.
"Nice to see you again," Luca replied. "We saw you and Mr. Tressel out by the pool yesterday, but we did not want to intrude on your privacy."
"Oh, I see," Lauren replied with a panicked flashback to her behavior in front of these three. "Well, it's nice to be formally introduced then."
"Yes, it is," Luca responded with a thorough sweep of his eyes all over her body.
"Oh, well, this is less of me exposed than they saw yesterday," Lauren mentally reassured herself.
"Dad, we wanted to use the game room, if that's OK with you," Luca asked.
"Of course," Tommaso replied. "Just use the back staircase or the elevator when you leave so we won't be disturbed."
"No problem, Dad," Luca said. "Very nice to see you again, Mrs. Tressel." The three of them then departed the room through one of several doors, pausing to speak with Mark and Cecil before they left.
"The boys mentioned that they saw you by the pool yesterday. They said you were beautiful and very relaxed and comfortable with your body. They also said that your body and the bathing suit you wore easily put girls their age to shame," Tommaso recalled. "Did you enjoy putting yourself on display for them?"
"Well, there's another line crossed," Lauren thought.
"I am comfortable in my own skin and what woman wouldn't enjoy the attention of good-looking men or boys," she reasoned.
"Delighted to hear that, Lauren. That is yet another of your qualities that I admire," Tommaso responded. "With that in mind, perhaps you will allow me to make another small adjustment to your outfit?"
Without waiting for a response, Tommaso reached forward and undid two more buttons on her blouse and pulled the shirt tails out of her skirt leaving the blouse open and draping across her breasts. The move brought grunts of approval from the other three and an admiring look from Tommaso.
Lauren, meanwhile was still dealing with the uncertainty of what Tommaso's sons had told him about yesterday. It was obvious that she was teasing and flirting with the boys. Had they told their dad how slutty she had been behaving?
"I could use a visit to the ladies' room, please," Lauren requested.
"Of course," Tommaso agreed and directed her to a door near where Mark and Cecil were standing.
Standing up and straightening her skirt and blouse, Lauren walked toward the door, realizing she was putting on a show for everyone. As she passed by Mark, she asked him to join her in the restroom.
Once inside, she turned to him and said, "Did you know yesterday that those were Tommaso's sons?"
"Yes, but I didn't want to discourage your behavior. I knew the boys wouldn't mind and it was just a bit of harmless fun," Mark explained.
"Well, we are having some more harmless fun tonight, aren't we, Mark? Are you sure this is the right thing to do in this circumstance?" Lauren inquired.
"I'm positive it is. Cecil has been through this before with other candidates he has brought and he says that you have them eating out of your hands like no other wife he has seen before," Mark assured. "I vote that we let things go where they go. Tommaso will direct you."
Exhaling hard, Lauren said, "Well, he is directing me toward being a slut at the moment."
"Like I said before, almost everyone in business whores themselves to a certain degree," Mark reasoned. If you and I benefit financially from what happens tonight, I have no problem with that. It is just harmless...'"
"I know, I know - harmless fun. All right then, I will take my direction from him. Everyone I have talked to about him indicated that would be the best course of action anyway. You better be certain that you are OK with what may happen. I don't think these guys are going to settle for a little peek at my underwear."
"I hope they don't settle. I am really getting off watching you with them. You are so damn hot and, although I don't fully understand my reaction to all of this, I want to see you go a lot further with them," Mark admitted.
As she turned to leave the room, Mark took hold of her blouse at the shoulders and deftly pulled it off of her, "this should move things along nicely, my darling little slut."
Without missing a beat, Lauren stepped out of the restroom and walked past Cecil toward the bar. Cecil nodded his approval of her latest wardrobe adjustment.
Back at the bar, the four men were obviously delighted with her new look. Her small, pink nipples were rock hard and now clearly visible through the lace of her bra. Approving looks and comments abounded.
"Before you sit, my dear. May I make one more adjustment?" Tommaso asked. This time, he waited for a response.
"Whatever you like," Lauren demurred.
Tommaso unbuttoned the remaining buttons on her skirt and pulled it away from her body.
"Now we get to see what the boys told me they saw yesterday," Tommaso offered.
"This is more than they got to see, I think. They couldn't see through the material of my bikini as you gentlemen can through this lovely bra and skimpy panties," Lauren noted.
She was correct. Standing in front of the men, the now-exposed panties offered a tantalizing view of her pubic hair as well as the lips of her vagina and her engorged clitoris. They all took their time staring at her. Taking in every sexy detail that she now willingly presented them.
"You do our clothing justice," Bernardo offered. "You look every bit as sexy as any of our models. Will you walk around a bit so that we can see you from all angles?"
Lauren smiled at the compliment and then proceeded to walk a few steps away, giving them a nice view of her tight ass, and then turned, letting them watch her breasts bounce ever so slightly as she walked back to them. The sexual tension in the room was palpable and no one wanted to break the spell. When she returned, the men intensified their brushes and touching. Stroking her back, her stomach, her fully exposed legs. Examining the fabric of the bra and panties with their fingers.
Lauren was becoming so turned on by all of this that her breathing was accelerating to a noticeable level. She lifted her eyes to look at Tommaso's face. He gave her a slight nod and a smile. Keeping her eyes on his, Lauren reached behind her and released the hooks on the back of her bra, slowly peeling it away from her body and then handing it to Tommaso.
Everyone's breathing now increased. Lauren's beautiful breasts were now fully exposed, and her pert nipples were a clear indication of her body's level of arousal. Tommaso slowly moved his hand toward her chest and this time Lauren nodded her approval. His hand closed on her left breast covering the nipple and part of the mound with his palm. He slowly massaged the firm but pliable flesh, enjoying the feel of her very erect nipple in the center of his palm. He then took his other hand and added her right breast to his caresses.
Lauren leaned her head back, fully exposing her throat in submission. Tommaso leaned forward and kissed her neck - nibbling with small soft bites as he went. Lauren's arms remained at her sides presenting a picture of a woman surrendering to what was being done to her.
Sensing her level of submission, Tommaso pulled back from her neck and moved his hands to lift her by her armpits back onto the barstool. The other three execs moved in closer, surrounding her from behind, while Tommaso remained directly in front of her. Hands from the three men behind her took turns touching, pinching, and kneading her breasts. Bernardo and Lorenzo leaned down and each took a nipple in their mouth and began to suck on them. As they did this, they leaned Lauren farther back to afford easier access to her body.
Lauren became aware that Tommaso was pressing slightly against the inside of her thighs with his hands, encouraging her to spread her legs wider for him. She opened her legs wide and felt his hands move up her thigh to stroke and caress her vagina through the material of her panties.
He ran his fingers up and down her slit, gliding through the slick wetness of the crotch of her panties which had been and were continuing to be coated by the lubricating juices flowing from her excited pussy. Employing both of his hands, Tommaso began to rub and pinch her clitoris through the fabric, causing Lauren to pump her hips up and down, encouraging him to continue, which he did for several minutes.
Lauren was lost in passion. The three men behind her continued their assault on her breasts, each taking a turn and then allowing the odd man out to join in on the activity. Tommaso's touches had her straining to press herself against his magical fingers and causing a steady flow of liquid from her vagina.
Suddenly, his hands moved from her body, causing her to groan in disappointment. Her disappointment was short-lived, however, as she realized he was now using his hands to tug her panties off of her body. Lauren lifted her hips as much as she could to assist him in this process and he quickly slid the soaking garment completely off of her. She was now totally exposed to these men whom she had just met a few hours ago. Her legs were spread widely, exposing her swollen labia and clitoris. Her mound was slick and covered by her own juices providing a clear indication of her enjoyment of what the men were doing to her.
Just as she felt Tommaso's finger begin to probe the opening of her vagina she also felt his mouth descend upon her clitoris - taking it between his lips and sucking ever so gently while flicking his tongue across its surface rapidly. With this new sensation, Lauren threw her head back and the men on her beasts took the opportunity to lower her upper body even farther. The position left her back and shoulders suspended in air but being supported by the men. Her legs meanwhile had been dangling off the other side of her seat and now Tommaso lifted them over his shoulders allowing him an easier angle for Lauren to feed her sex to his hungry mouth.
Lauren pumped her hips up against Tommaso's mouth as she continued to feel his fingers teasing her opening. With her right hand, she reached down between her spread legs and found his fingers just inside her labia. She then grasped his wrist and pulled - diving his fingers deeper and deeper inside of her. Once his two fingers were fully inside of her, Tommaso rotated his wrist, curved his fingers, and began stroking in and out of her pussy - rubbing her G-spot with each stroke. This resulted in a release of fluid from Lauren's wanton cunt that coated Tommaso's entire hand.
With her eyes closed and her head now leaning back farther than her prone body that was supported by the stool and the men touching her, Lauren became aware of something pressing against her lips. Opening her eyes, she was greeted by the site of a very hard cock that was seeking entry into her mouth. Without a second thought, Lauren opened her lips and accepted Antonio's organ into her mouth. He began to slowly and cautiously pump his cock in and out between her luscious lips. Lauren loved that she was now providing sexual pleasure to all four men at the same time. Tommaso eating and fingering her pussy with vigor, two others licking and sucking on her tits, and Antonio fucking her mouth with his cock. She was in heaven.
Antonio had worked his cock farther back toward her throat than she had ever experienced before. Lauren noted that the angle that was created by having her head so far back made it easier for him to penetrate more deeply. The man behind the cock was not satisfied with this heretofore unexplored oral territory, however, as he continued to press forward with each stroke into her mouth. Amazingly, Lauren felt no gag reflex at this angle and surmised that the little pills she took might be helping as well. After a few minutes of effort on his part and a lot of concentration on Lauren's, she felt his ball sack resting on her nose and his pubic bone hitting her chin - signaling that she had taken his entire 7" cock down her throat.
There was no time for celebration, however, as the thick cock was pulled most of the way back and then jammed, not so gently, back down her throat. Antonio then began pumping in and out of her mouth at an ever-increasing pace. After a few moments, Lauren could sense that he was about to cum and expected that he would pull out of her mouth at the last minute and come on her breasts.
"The two guys on my tits better watch out as they are in the splash zone," Lauren mused to herself.
However, Lauren wasn't correct about Antonio's intent. As his cock began to swell with the load it was about to produce, instead of pulling it out, he pressed even harder - forcing it a bit farther down her virginal throat. His first and second bursts of cum went straight down her throat. Then, being the gentleman that he was, Antonio pulled his erupting penis back a bit to allow Lauren the opportunity to breathe. Grateful as she was for the oxygen, Lauren was also very aware that his continuing ejaculations were filling her mouth with cum. As he withdrew his slightly deflated cock fully from her mouth and looked down at Lauren's face, "Swallow, please," was all Antonio said.
Without giving herself time to think, Lauren flexed her tongue and throat then felt the warm liquid slide down her throat.
The men then lifted Lauren's torso back up to a near sitting position where she was looking at Tommaso face to face when he stood up from the attention he had been giving her pussy.
"I want you to watch me while I fuck you, my sweet slut. Take my cock and put it inside you," Tommaso ordered.
Lauren did as he instructed - rubbing the head of his very large cock between her soaking wet pussy lips and then positioning the head at her opening.
"Ask me to fuck you," Tommaso ordered.
"Please fuck me," Lauren complied quietly.
"Louder," Tomasso commanded. "I want your husband to hear."
"Please fuck me, Tomasso. Put your huge cock in my wet pussy and pound me like the slut you want me to be," Lauren moaned.
Needing no further encouragement, Tomasso slammed his cock fully into Lauren's slippery cunt - grinding their pubic bones together as he bottomed out inside her. Showing no mercy, he pulled his cock almost all of the way out of her and then drove it all the way back into her again. He repeated this action over and over again, picking up his pace as he went and rubbing his cock against Laurens's swollen clit with each thrust. As he fucked her, Lauren could feel her orgasm boiling up inside of her and she lifted her hips with each of his downward pushes to help build the friction she needed to cum.
Straining as hard as she could, causing her Kegel muscles to contract and release in sync with her hips grinding away at the man inside of her, Lauren reached the boil-over point and released her orgasm with a flood of her sex juices and a scream of, "Oh fuck! I'm cumming!! Fuck me! Fuck me! Please fuck me!"
As Lauren began coming down from her release, her body still trembling and covered with goosebumps, Tomasso continued his assault on her pussy, "Watch me fuck you, Lauren. Can you see how your pussy clings to my cock as I pull it away?"
Lauren could clearly see the inner lining of her pussy wall clinging to his fat 9" cock as he withdrew it from her wet hole with each thrust. She loved the visual and loved that the other men were watching her being fucked.
"When I am finished with your pussy this first time, I want you to fuck my senior staff as well. Will you do that for me, Lauren?" Tomasso asked
"Anyone you want, Tomasso. I'll fuck anyone you want," Lauren panted, still mesmerized by the sight of his cock plunging in and out of her.
Her promise pushed Tomasso over the edge and, after a few more violent trusts inside of her, he began to spray the deep recesses of her pussy with his cum. Lauren could feel the hot liquid splashing inside of her and she grasped Tomasso's ass and pulled hard to bring his cock as deep inside of her as she could. After a couple of minutes, Tomasso slowly pulled his spent penis from her hole and turned to the others. "OK gentlemen, you heard the lady. She is all yours."
The three men lifted Lauren from the barstool just as Tomasso's cum was beginning to leak out of her and run down her leg. They carried her to the wall next to the fireplace where Antonio retrieved a remote control from the wall bookcase and pressed one of the buttons. Immediately a king-sized bed descended from the wall. The men moved Lauren to the foot of the bed and lowered her face down. Antonio pressed another button on the remote and the bed increased its height until Lauren was standing with her legs straight while bent over at the waist.
Quickly, Bernardo stepped in behind her and slipped his cock inside her now dripping pussy. Declaring that he wanted to sample her sweet mouth, Lorenzo sat on the bed with Lauren's head on his lap and moved her mouth to his long, thin penis. The two of them worked her body together enjoying a body that was perfect for sex. While he fucked Lauren's pussy, Bernardo used some of the fluid that had escaped from her cunt to lubricate his fingers, which he then carefully inserted into her asshole. First one, then two, then three of them bunched together and pushed in to the second knuckle.
The activity in her ass was causing Lauren some discomfort, however, the pain was mitigated by the wonderful feelings the cock in her pussy was creating. She also discovered that her previous experience of sucking off Antonio had helped her get past any gag reflex or taste issues and so she was now expertly taking Lorenzo's cock deep into her throat with little effort. She reached back with her left hand and began to rub her clit, wanting to bring herself to orgasm once again while these two fucked her from both ends. Unfortunately, the men had been working up to this point for too long and Lauren started on herself too late and so she wasn't close to an orgasm at all when first Bernardo let loose inside her pussy followed by an announcement by Lorenzo that he was about to cum as well.
Lauren wiggled her ass to help Bernardo finish emptying his balls into her pussy and then she focused on the cock in her mouth as Lorenzo grasped the back of her head and pressed it down on his cock spewing cum once again down her throat. As he withdrew a bit, 3 more ejaculations deposited more cum in Lauren's mouth and Lorenzo commanded. "show it to me."
Lauren tilted her head upwards, opening her mouth for inspection displaying quite a bit of creamy white fluid on her tongue. "Now swallow," he ordered and Lauren complied, taking the cum down her throat to join the other fluids already in her stomach.
While this was taking place, Tomasso had turned to speak with Mark and Cecil. Both had relocated themselves to vantage points close to the bar when the action had begun and both had clear views of Lauren's actions with the other men.
"Your wife is extraordinary," Tomasso began. "She has a sensuality about her that can drive a man wild. She also has a body that is built for sex. I have never before experienced what she did to my cock with her pussy."
"Well, I think she has been inspired by the opportunity and the very hedonistic atmosphere tonight," Mark replied.
"Are you still OK with everything, Mark?" Tomasso inquired.
"Yep, better than OK. This is turning me on more than I could have imagined. Apparently, I love watching my wife fuck and suck other guys. She is one sexy little slut," Mark assured.
"Well, that is excellent, because the night is still young and I have plans for her with a few more individuals before we call it a night," Tomasso revealed.
"More people?" Mark inquired.
"Yes, my sons and their friend, Vanni, asked if they could spend time with her as well. I thought it only fair since she had enticed them so blatantly at the pool yesterday," Tomasso offered.
As the two men were finishing with Lauren, Cecil stepped forward and asked Tomasso, "OK if I take a turn with her?"
Tomasso nodded and turned to watch as Cecil entered the fray. Lauren was just turning over onto her back and Cecil took advantage of her position to climb on top of her and quickly slip his rigid cock into her red hot pussy - the walls of which had swollen a bit from all of the activity. This caused her hole to be tighter rather than looser the more she was fucked.
Lauren looked up at him and smiled, "E Tu Brutus?"
Cecil smiled back and added, "5 guys in a row. It's an official gang bang, Lauren, and you are performing like a perfect little slut for us all. Thank you. Mark is loving the visuals, by the way."
Lauren felt a sense of relief and excitement. Glad that Mark wasn't angry, even though they had discussed it and he had reconfirmed his acceptance just as things started getting serious. The reality could have moved him either way and she was happy and excited that he had taken a positive route. Mark had always been a very visual type when it came to sex. Liking to show her off and loving to watch porn.
Cecil stroked himself in and out of her pussy for several minutes and then quickly gave way to his urge to cum. Doing so inside her overflowing pussy and adding to the puddle forming near her ass. When Cecil lifted up off of her, Mark was quickly by her side with another drink and two more of the little pills.
"Hi, honey. Whatcha been doin'?" Lauren teased.
"Not much. And you?" Mark quipped with a wicked grin.
"More pills?" Lauren asked.
"Tomasso says they will keep your motor running and your libido in high gear. There are more guys and another round coming apparently," Mark told her.
"More guys? Who?" Lauren asked.
"Them," Mark nodded back toward the bar where the three boys were standing with Tomasso.
"But they are just kids," Lauren protested.
"Two of them are 18 and the oldest is almost 20," Mark clarified." Tomasso specifically asked that you take care of them."
Lauren sighed, popped the two pills in her mouth, and downed the drink. "Let them at me. I want everyone to be happy -- particularly Tomasso."
Mark waved the three boys over as he retreated with the empty glass in hand. They each began stripping off their clothes as they approached the bed. Lauren watched them approach and was impressed by the decent size of their cocks and just how rock-hard they each were. The oldest, Luca, had a more than decent-sized cock. His was at least 3 inches longer than the 7+ inches that the other two sported.
"Get up on your knees please, Mrs. Tressel," Luca instructed.
"Polite even now," Lauren thought.
Stefano crawled underneath her and pulled her cunt down onto his cock. Lauren sighed sweetly as she felt the 18-year-old's penis slide inside her. Vanni moved in front of her and presented his cock for her to suck. Having recently become an excellent cock sucker, Lauren took his cock, which was already dripping copious amounts of pre-cum, into her mouth. She then felt fingers once again probing her asshole. It was a little easier this time having had it stretched a bit before. While the two younger boys continued to pump their respective cocks into her pussy and mouth, Luca worked three, then four fingers into her ass - adding more and more cum from the puddle to ease his way. Eventually, he removed his fingers which brought about a disappointed groan from Lauren. She had come to enjoy the feeling of being "full" that having a cock in her pussy and fingers in her ass produced.
As if sensing her let down, Luca stood on the bed, knelt a bit, and began working his 10+" cock into her virginal asshole. Lauren started to panic, but then an odd thing happened. The second round of pills kicked in, giving her a sense of euphoria and desire that overwhelmed any anxiety or pain that she might have felt. Instead, she found herself pushing her ass back against Luca's cock wanting to have all of it inside of her. His little brother, Stefano, held still while Luca continued to work his cock into Lauren's ass. Little by little he advanced. Making better progress once the head of his cock popped past her anal ring and, eventually, he was balls deep inside her. The three boys then returned to their efforts and soon achieved a level of synchronization that was impressive. Cocks plunged in and out of Lauren's mouth, cunt, and ass like pistons in a well-oiled machine. Lauren was going slightly crazy. The sensations, heightened by the pills, were almost unbearably wonderful and, between grunts and groans of ecstasy, she loudly encouraged the boys to use her.
"Fuck me, boys. I love having your young cocks in all three of my holes. Push them in as deep as you can. I will take anything you can give me," Lauren encouraged.
"Dad! We have her airtight!" Luca called to his father. "This cunt loves having all of her holes plugged!"
Tomasso smiled his approval and thought to himself, "This may be my best hire yet. Mark is a talented sales leader and Lauren is like no other wife we have had before. Utilizing them as a team with certain key potential clients should enable us to grow our North American business exponentially. Once the buyers get a taste of her talents, they will order from us and continue to do so in order to gain access to Lauren from time to time."
The boys hammered away at the woman who had teased them so effectively only the day before and then, one by one, added their own cum to the deposits in her stomach and pussy. Luca, having blazed a trail up her ass, made the initial deposit there as well.
As they were wrapping up, Tomasso's mobile phone vibrated. He answered and then listened for a moment before telling the caller, "Of course, come on in now."
A door on the other end of the room opened and in walked Lyle with another equally large black man. Tomasso met them as they walked across the room. He placed an arm around each of them and walked them to the bed where Lauren had just extricated herself from the tangle of boys that had been fucking her.
"Lauren, these gentlemen are my personal assistants. They work with me in a variety of capacities and I have another request of you, my dear. Please show them the same kindness you have shown the other seven of us by letting them do whatever they want to do to you." Tomasso requested
Lauren smiled and reclined on the bed spreading her legs wide as an invitation.
"Lyle, Warren, enjoy, please," Tomasso gestured toward Lauren.
The two men stripped off their clothing and revealed what Lauren had hoped might be, and were indeed, the largest cocks she had ever seen. Both were at or over 12" in length with Lyle sporting the fattest of the two. They moved beside her head and took turns pushing their huge members into her mouth. Despite her willingness and efforts, Lauren could only take in a little more that the head of each cock.
Undeterred, they shifted their attention to her well-used pussy. Warren pulled her legs up to rest on his shoulders and then pressed the head of his cock against the lips of her pussy. Stirring the head of his dick in the juices inside the lips for as much lubrication as possible he then began to work it into her. Lauren was not intimidated by the size of these cocks. On the contrary, she was eager to feel them inside of her. She grabbed Warren's ass and pulled as hard as she could to help him enter her. After a few short strokes and a couple of minutes, they achieved success and Warren happily found himself 10" inside of her.
"Fuck me with that giant cock," Lauren ordered. " I want the rest of it inside of me."
"I don't think it will fit," Warren said, all the while pumping her with everything he had.
Eventually, as Lauren relaxed inside as much as she could and Warren pushed as hard as he could, she felt his balls press against her ass. This caused another orgasm to well up in her and she coated the huge cock inside of her with her sex juices as she moaned and groaned with pleasure. Warren continued to fuck her for a while and Lauren noticed that the others had moved a bit closer to witness the super cock going in and out of her pussy.
Lyle tagged Warren out and took his place on top of Lauren. His wide cock took renewed effort, however, before they finally achieved successful full penetration - which was met with oohs and ahs from the assembled audience. Lyle rolled over and pulled Lauren on top of him. She made quite a show for the others by sliding her pussy up and down on his black cock - now made shiny by the combined juices in her cunt.
When Lauren felt Warren probing at her asshole with his fat dick she wasn't sure whether she should help or try to hide. Warren had applied a large amount of very slick lube to his cock while he was waiting to return to the fun and that helped with the task at hand. Relaxing, Lauren reached behind her and spread her ass cheeks as wide as she could. Lyle removed his penis from her pussy to make the rear entry easier and Warren pushed forward. Just as it happened the last time, the head of Warren's cock pushed past the ring of her asshole and then it was inevitable that he would eventually bury his cock inside her ass. Once that was accomplished, Lyle returned to her pussy and forced his way inside - the opening made extra tight by Warren's cock pressing against it. When the two men had Lauren fully double penetrated, they, like the boys before them, began working up a rhythm that alternated between one being deep in her pussy and then one being deep in her ass.
"Anyone want to make her airtight again?" Tomasso asked.
"I will," Mark replied as he stood in front of his wife and presented his cock for her to suck.
The trio plugged away at Lauren for 10 minutes when Mark, who had been watching and working up a very urgent need, unloaded in Lauren's mouth. When he had thoroughly drained his large reservoir of cum he pulled away. Lauren, without prompting, opened her mouth to show her husband the large load she was holding and swallowed. She smiled lovingly up at Mark until an urgent pounding of her asshole drew her attention away. It felt like Warren was trying to rip her apart, and she loved it. Harder and harder he went and then, with a growl, he sprayed her intestines with his huge load of cum. As Warren withdrew, cum began to stream out of her ass. "You look good with my cum running out of you, girl. You are a good slut."
Lauren was in heaven at this point. Experiencing near overload from the 10 men she had serviced with her body.
Lyle flipped her over again onto her back and kicked his pumping of her pussy up a notch.
"Fuck me, Lyle. Make me your slut. Make me your whore. Find more men to fuck me. I can't get enough. Give me your cum Lyle. Fuck me fuck me fuck me please," Lauren implored.
With that encouragement, Lyle finally let go. He buried his cock as deep inside this pretty little white girl as he could and gave her the largest load of cum she had ever had. Lauren clung to him for almost 5 minutes as his twitches and her quivers took a long time to subside.
After an interlude of about 45 minutes, the use of Lauren began again. The boys were first to be ready to go, of course. Switching positions and holes to experience more of this hot wife. The others followed, with Tomasso deferring until last. He took her on the bed by himself and made love to her in a slow gentle fashion. Lauren gave him everything she had physically and emotionally, which drove his passion to highs he had never before experienced.
Later, at the bar, all that were left were Lauren, Mark, Tomasso, and Cecil. Lauren was still naked and was sitting on a towel, not wanting the cum that was leaking out of both her pussy and her ass to stain the material on the stool nor the expensive panties that she had been given.
"Mark, Lauren, I am delighted to welcome you to the Dolce family," Tomasso said as he handed Mark an envelope that contained a check for $100,000. "We will sign your Employment Agreement tomorrow, Mark."
"Thank you, Tomasso. I...we are delighted to be a part of your special company," Mark beamed.
"I expect great things from both of you. Speaking of which, I want to expedite your relocation and get you both settled into your new home as soon as possible. We have executive buyers from a US-based retailer that will be in New York in four weeks. I want the two of you to work with them as a team and secure them as a client for Dolce. I know you can make a compelling business argument on the company's behalf, Mark and I are certain that you can spellbind the group with your special talents, Lauren.
"You can count on both of us, Tomasso," Lauren promised.
"Excellent," Tomasso replied. "I will say my goodnights now. Until next time..."
Cecil walked the couple to the elevator and joined them on the ride down to their floor. As they exited, he handed each two more pills and proposed, "If you are both up for it, I'd like to celebrate our mutual success back in your room for a bit."
Looking at Mark, who was grinning and nodding his approval, Lauren popped the two pills in her mouth and swallowed them without difficulty, "Sure thing. I was feeling a little empty anyway."
END