Saturday
I returned again to the same beach and to the same place in the hope of seeing you again receiving the rays of sun that turned your white skin into a bronze complexion.
With the eagerness to arrive, I arrived early, very early, so early that I was the first to choose the spot on the beach, in addition to some amateur fishermen who occupied some places right next to the sea. And that redoubled my eagerness to see you because, like the previous weekend, you arrived late and slowly, enjoying the scenery as you approached my place.
When you saw me you walked towards me and giving me the most melodious good morning I've heard in my life, you have asked how I was and if the day was good. Among other things, you told me that tomorrow you would have a surprise for me and then you walked 7 steps, as I have counted them, away to the place where you spread the towel to enjoy the radiant day that was. Once again you followed your ritual, first removing your shoes, today some sandals, and then a t-shirt that revealed a new, smaller and bolder bikini than last time, and finally the skirt that already showed a large part of your shapely legs.
Looking around and seeing that few people were still on the beach and nobody was really paying attention, you slowly removed the top and, unusually, put it in the tote bag where you took the suntan lotion that you started to spread over your breasts, belly, arms and legs. Finally, when it looked like you were ready, you called me with your fingers and then asked me to spread the protective white cream on your back, because today you weren't going to have lunch at home as you were bringing a snack and so you had to pay special attention to your back. I happily started massaging your back, feeling each one of your ribs and spine bones, paying special attention to the trapezoidal area, taking the opportunity to give you a relaxing massage.
Lifting up and turning to me, you thanked the attention of the massage and I went back to my seat, with the difficulty of someone who wants to hide an erection that started to be born the moment I touched your silk skin on that soft and well proportioned back.. While reading a magazine you kept your back to the sun, enjoying the cream that I had spread on you and, about half an hour later, you gave me another surprise when you got up and, without putting your top on, you headed towards the sea where you went to bathe in its icy waters, which is why I never leave the warm sands that welcome me more than the icy waters of the North Atlantic. You were still proud of your accomplishment and your chest, for sure, whose nipples even before you entered the salty water were already quite erect on your amazing round breasts, who knows if from the cold wind that was felt or from the excitement of the moment.
You dived in and for a few minutes you remained immersed, swimming and playing with yourself in the waves and the surf, until you decided it was time to face the beach and head on to your towel. You started to get out of the water, step by step, your breasts being the first part to get rid of the icy water and as you approached the beach you started to run slightly, always in a straight line directly towards your towel, which provided your breasts bouncing with every step you took and I, who was looking at infinity, saw the scene in slow motion, so those brief seconds that separated you between the surf and the towel seemed like long minutes to me.
Satisfied with yourself and smiling in my direction, still standing, you grabbed the towel to wrap and dry yourself, then let it fall on the sand leaving you standing topless, your breasts well directed and your nipples pointing towards the sun that now warmed your body.
During the afternoon you asked me again to replace the sun protector cream on your back, which I immediately agreed and having been lucky enough to be able to do it on your legs as well. In the end, you offered to spread the sunscreen for me, which I thanked, and with that, a new erection came to me when I felt the contact of your soft hands on my back. During these minutes of mutual touch we were talking and after some persistence I could finally know that the surprise promised for Sunday would be not just seeing her breasts, since her friend who started her going topless, would join her again.
And so it was in a mixture of sadness -- to see Mariana get dressed and leave -- and anxiety -- to know that the next day I could also appreciate the breasts of her friend Joana -- that Saturday afternoon ended, not before we exchanged our mobile numbers in order to communicate more often...
Sunday
As soon as I woke up, I already had an text from Mariana confirming she and her friend indeed were going to the beach that day. Which was great, because it allowed me to masturbate in the shower while I imagined them next to me on the beach, half-naked and proud of their breasts, spreading the protector on each other while stinging me with lewd and malicious looks. With the excitement, this was the best shower I've taken in a long time, having paid special attention to caressing my penis, sometimes with long and slow movements, sometimes with short and very fast movements, imagining their hands touching it me and jerking off. With the tepid water that wet my body, I quickly reached the climax and came in massive doses, feeling my legs shaking every time I released a jet of my sperm.
I dressed and quickly went to the beach, in a trip that took me half an hour, but that it seemed to have lasted forever and even before arriving, despite being earlier than any of the other beach days, I received a new text from Mariana saying that they were already at the beach, in the usual place, waiting for me.
Later I found out that Joana had asked to arrive earlier so she wouldn't have to undress in front of me, since according to her, the unrobbing is the most complicated part -- it was easier for her let me arrive later and find them topless.
However, after parking and picking up my things, in a state of excitement and anxiety, I walked quickly to the beach. And when I realize in the distance that Mariana and Joana are already in the water, I've got even more excited, right on the verge of an erection, because I immediately started imagining them coming out of the sea, with the water running down their salty bodies and with the cold water making their nipples very erect. And if I imagined it, even better was the reality that showed me the two mermaids who were playing in the water when Mariana realized my arrival and they quickly started heading out of the water. First the bare shoulders, then the breasts began to emerge with the nipples very erect, then the belly and waist, finally the legs. Joana, brunette and shorter but with bigger breasts than Mariana, who is blonde and slimmer. While they were walking slowly, I could appreciate their approach, step by step over the damp and fine sand, and finally getting up to greet them.
From the start I couldn't take my eyes off from those four beautiful breasts, which proudly showed themselves to me, to the beach and to the sun that caressed them already. I wish it was my hand and my tongue tasting the salty feeling that they must already have. Later that moment would come, I wanted to believe, as for now I still had to suffer the hardships of being able to look but not being able to touch.
All day long, I was able to be with you, play with you, always topless, as you told me early on that you didn't even bring the tops today. When the sun was finally approaching the horizon, while the beach still had a few vacationers, you said it would be fun to arrange to spend a weekend at the beach, renting a house or going to a nearby camping. Joana was so amused by the idea that she soon made herself available to try with the campsites close to beaches to find out if they would have anything for rent available, to the following weekend.
And having all agreed, we ended up going our different ways with the idea of ​​spending an entire weekend together and enjoying the sun that tanned our bodies to the fullest.