It was too perfect, and yet, so simple. A condom placed in Tim's wallet, held only in place by the folds. I wasn't there to see it, but the look on his face when he got back from the grocery store gave me chills!
"Seriously, Jen? A condom?" Tim asked annoyed.
I burst out into laughter not being able to hold it back anymore. Mitchell, our other roommate in the apartment, rolled his eyes and went back to writing on his laptop.
"That was messed up! You should have seen the look on the mom's face behind me when I opened my wallet and out fell a gold condom wrapper on the check stand. Not to mention, the young cashier helping me!"
"Hey, do you not remember the G-string you strategically hung on the wall for my virtual conference call last week? A condom was the perfect payback!"
Tim grunted, knowing I was right. He and I had been going at it for weeks now, pranking each other left and right, trying to best the other. I know it sounds childish, but when we have to be adults all day at work, we still need to find ways to have fun.
"Don't be a sore loser Tim. I got you good with that one and you know it! Now, don't you have some coding or whatever it is you do to get done?"
Tim gave me an annoyed look. "You know exactly what I do for a living Jen. I'm a digital security expert."
I responded with a large yawn, and then pressed the quick-change button on my style belt. Almost instantly, the jeans and blouse I was wearing morphed into a silk babydoll slip with a matching thong. Both Mitchell's and Tim's eyes locked onto me as I gave them a small wave and turned around.
"Goodnight boys!"
They were speechless as I sauntered out of the living room. I did this to them every once in a while just to tease them even though none of us were sexually active with one another.
"Well, don't come to me next time your computer gets hacked!" Tim yelled, as I closed my bedroom door.
These days, fashion has taken a new route. Instead of going to the mall to buy physical clothing, it had all become virtual. You could still buy real clothing, but it was becoming more of a novelty. Style belts are how people got dressed now, and they were exactly what they sounded like. A belt with a small buckle similar to that of a smart watch. The way they worked was millions of programmable optic sensors formed a web around the body and displayed the look of the clothing, while variable density electrodes mimicked the feel of the fabric determined in the programming. Whether you needed protection from the cold in the form of a puffy jacket or you wanted to enjoy the warm summer air through the thin material of a summer dress, you could do almost anything. It even could do your underwear, which was one of my favorite features! All you had to do was visit your favorite store's website, find something you liked, then download it onto your belt. No more finding the correct size or color and no more waiting for the mail! It was all instant and significantly cheaper too. In fact, an entirely new industry of clothing designers emerged from this technology. People would literally design digital clothing from their houses for a living.
Before I got into bed, I made two clicks on my style belt, and the babydoll i was wearing instantly morphed into an oversized t-shirt and fleece bottoms.
"That's better!" I said, crawling into bed.
***
The next day was Friday, and that was the day I had to be in the office. A lot of work I could do from home, but my position meant I needed to be in the office as well. I walked through the large double doors of the downtown Lenore Clothing Company building where I was currently the assistant manager of distribution operations. My shoes made soft patting noises against the marble floors as I strode through the lobby towards the open elevator door. I had been working at Lenore for the last seven years and had just recently became the assistant manager. I loved my role and even more exciting was the fact that my acting manager, Steve, was going to relocate to our east coast division. People were saying I was a shoo-in for the position, and I couldn't have been more excited. When the elevator reached the twentieth floor, the door rolled open and I strode towards my desk.
"Hi Jen!" Katie said, right as I was dropped my bag on my desk.
Katie had just recently been hired on within the last year and reported directly to me. The first thing everyone noticed about her was her fashion style. She always wore very colorful and very girly dresses, which made her seem very approachable and nice. My style on the other hand couldn't have been more different. You would think that working for a fashion company meant that you could have all the nicest clothes and newest items, which it did, but I chose to be more conservative with my outfits. My customary black slacks and long sleeve white button up blouse were all that I needed. Even though my outward style was pretty boring, what I had going on underneath was, in my opinion, very exciting! I was a sucker for sexy lingerie.
"Hey Katie. Happy Friday!" I said with a smile.
"Happy Friday!" She replied. "Are we still good to get together later to talk about my process improvements?"
I loved how driven Katie was! She was always on top of her work and super proactive with her secondary projects. The only weird thing about her was how close she sat next to me in our one-on-one meetings. She loved to sit shoulder to shoulder, and coincidentally, often touched my hand while pointing things out. I'm still not sure how to respond to it, but if I become the head manager, maybe I won't have to see her as much.
"Yeah, we should be good after I have my meeting with Steve." I replied.
"Perfect! Can't wait!" She said, sitting back down at her computer.
I didn't have much time. Steve wanted to see me as soon as I got in. After checking a couple of emails, I grabbed my notepad and made my way to his office. I had walked there a thousand times, but for some reason, this time felt different. There was so much on the line now that he was leaving. Butterflies began to enter my stomach and my heart started to race. With all my nervousness, I was too lost in thought to hear the small beeping noises coming from my style belt. I finally made it to Steve's office door when I felt like I was losing my breath. It literally got harder to breathe and I started feeling constricted.
"Come on girl, you got this!" I whispered to myself.
That's when I realized it wasn't nerves making it hard to breathe, it was my blouse! I could literally see it getting smaller before my eyes. I watched the buttons strain under the pressure and the cut of the front grow lower and lower on my chest. At the same time, my pants began to pull my legs together and take the form of a black skirt. There was a brief pause, but then as if someone pressed the go button, everything started rising up. My heels began lifting up as a pair of black heel shoes formed under my feet, and the hem of my new skirt started to creep up my thigh. I felt my cheeky underwear start shrinking too, and disappear between my butt cheeks. The straps of my bra started retracting as well, pulling hard against my shoulders and lifting my boobs upwards. Finally, the cups of my bra inflated, pushing my boobs even higher and more together. The amount of cleavage I was showing off would have been shocking even for a strip club!
"What the hell just happened!" I said, completely shocked at my new appearance.
I looked like I should be working a corner instead of going into an important meeting with my boss. Just then, Steve's door flew open.
"There you are Jen! Get in here. I have good news!" Steve said, as he eyed me up and down.
Still in shock and without anywhere to run, I followed Steve inside his office, trying not to fall in my new heels. I felt so stupid as I walked over to the small glass table he had in the corner of the room for his one-on-one meetings. My thighs and butt pressed tightly against the fabric of the miniskirt as did my arms against the thin sleeves of the blouse. As bad as this was, my only saving grace was my toned figure. I spent a lot of my evenings at the gym working out my arms and legs, and it showed! I just wish it were under different circumstances.
"So, as far as you know, I will be leaving for Pennsylvania next week to take on a higher role within distribution." Steve said, motioning me to sit down.
I nodded my head as I sat down, trying to pull the skirt down, but to no avail. The lower I got, the higher it rode, and there wasn't much higher it could go before I became exposed. After finally making it down on the chair, the hem sat dangerously close to my crotch. I instinctually went to cross my legs, but stopped when I realized that my butt would automatically fall out if I did. I decided to keep my legs down and closed as tight as I could. That's when I caught my reflection in a glass case next to the table.
"Oh my God! They're bright pink!" I said to myself, staring at my underwear that was now peeking out from in between my thighs.
Titling my gaze down, sure enough, there it was. My goods, only covered by a thin piece of satin, extended from below my skirt. My face grew red hot as I watched Steve coming over to the table. His eyes kept bouncing from my legs, to the window, then back to my legs. I couldn't blame him though. I had everything out for display.
"Are you nervous." Steve kindly asked, seeing my flush face.
"A little," I replied, "but for lots of different reasons."
God this was humiliating!
"You shouldn't be. I have good news! Upper management wants you to take over my role as department manager!"
After hearing that, I felt all of my anxiety melt away. My arms inadvertently flew up into the air in excitement, causing my boobs to start bouncing! When I realized what happened, and where Steve's gaze had turned, I dropped my arms back to my sides.
"That's great news!" I said, with an embarrassed look on my face.
Steve tried his best not to look, but I watched him steal a few glances.
There was a short pause before Steve cleared his throat and said, "You definitely deserve it Jen!"
He pulled the chair out directly across from me, and before he even made it down, his eyes went directly to the pink underwear that could be seen through the glass table. At this point, I stopped trying to hide anything and relaxed my legs. It would be nearly impossible to cover anything up with the amount of fabric now covering me.
"Go ahead and look as much as you want!" I thought to myself. "You'll be leaving here anyway."
Steve regained his composure and started talking directly to me, but would still randomly glance down at my groin and chest. His voice eventually faded away in my mind. How could this have happened? My hand slowly went down to my belt, but none of the quick-change buttons worked. Someone else must be in control of it, but that was impossible. Style belts were supposed to be un-hackable. You would have to be a computer expert... or Tim. That's when it hit me. This had to be Tim! He must be getting back at me for the condom prank.
"How does that sound Jen?" Asked Steve.
Coming back to the conversation, I had no idea what he had just said. I Just looked back at him and said, "It sounds amazing!"
"Perfect! We'll get your stuff moved over to this office on Monday then."
Steve stood up and stole a couple more glances at my cleavage.
"Oh, and hey..." Steve said, scratching the back of his head. "I try not to comment on things like this but try and save the sexy coworker outfit for the Halloween party. That may be a little much for your new day to day activities as the manager."
My face grew red hot as I embarrassedly laughed and turned to leave the room. While I clicked away in my heels, I could feel Steve's eyes following my ass out.
I rushed back to my desk, clearly aware that my boobs were bouncing wildly with each step. Heads were now poking up from the low cubical walls and i could hear small snickering. I wondered what each of them were thinking while seeing me like this. Hopefully everyone would forget it when I became the head manager. Once in the safety of my cube, I grabbed my style belt and started pushing every button I could. No matter what I did, nothing worked, until finally I felt my outfit start to change. The miniskirt melted away and turned into a pair of low-rise dark wash jeans that were a little tighter than I was used to. The blouse also morphed and turned into a blueish green halter top that lowered down to about my waist. It was clear that my underwear had changed as well. The thong I was wearing felt even skimpier. It had most likely turned into a G-string by the feel of it, but at least it was something. I just hope it wasn't pink! My bra on the other hand had completely disappeared, leaving my boobs free to hang. The only things that didn't change were the heels on my feet.
"Thank God!" I said. "Anything but that business slut attire!"
This outfit was definitely less alarming, but it was weird to not be wearing a bra. I started fumbling through my purse for anything that could help, when I heard someone call my name from the entrance of my cubical.
"Hey Jen," Said Collin. "I've got those documents you were asking for."
Collin was the heart throb, and bachelor, of the office. It was hard to miss his chiseled jaw, toned arms, and excellent facial hair. As his manager though, I was forbidden to date him, even though we were close in age.
"Oh, thanks Collin!" I said, while still going through my purse.
In that instant, I saw something small and gold fly out and onto the floor near the corner of my cube. My stomach dropped when I realized what it was. Somehow, Tim had slipped the condom from the night before into my purse when I wasn't looking. I looked up at Collin who was looking down at the condom in shock. Turning my head back to the floor, I lunged for the gold wrapper, which I promptly scooped up into my hand. It wasn't until then that I realized, in my kneeling state, I was wearing low rise jeans and a G-string with my back towards Collin. I felt my underwear peeking above my jeans and I knew that was exactly what Collin was seeing too. With so much happening at once, I lost my balance and fell over. Collin rushed to my side where he grabbed my arms and helped me back up. While lifting me, I felt his hands lightly brush the sides of my free hanging breasts. My face must have been bright pink, but so was his.
"Are you okay?" He asked.
Trying to brush off the incident, I grabbed my hair without even thinking and pulled it back into a ponytail. If things couldn't have gotten worse, I watched Collin's eyes drop to my chest where my nipples had become rock hard and poked out from behind the thin halter top.
"Eep!" I squeaked, dropping my arms over top of my chest.
This is ridiculous! How is all of this happening?
There was an awkward pause for a moment then Collin finally broke the silence.
"So... the documents should be in your email when you get a second..."
There was another awkward pause, and all I could think of was what else was wrong? Collin hadn't left yet, and his head was pointed down. I could tell he wanted to ask me something else. Speechless myself, all I could do was wait in silence.
"Would you be free later tonight to get some coffee?" He asked, in a quiet voice. "I know a great place on Main Street... that is, if you'd like too?"
His question caught me completely by surprise. I was thinking the worst, when all he wanted to do was ask me out.
"Never mind." He quickly said. "Forget it. It was dumb of me to ask."
"NO!" I nearly shouted, unwrapping my arms. "I mean, yes, I'd love to meet up with you."
I felt like I was in high school again getting asked to a school dance. My stomach filled with butterflies and I think I even blushed a bit.
"Can I meet you there at eight?" He asked.
"That sounds perfect!" I replied, pushing a rogue piece of hair out of my eyes. "I'll see you there."
Once Collin left, I rushed to the women's bathroom hoping to find a moment of peace in the whirlwind that was my morning. Upon entering, I quickly shut the door and leaned against it. An audible breath escaped my lips and I let my arms hang low.
"I'm gonna kill Tim!" I whispered.
As if the morning wasn't crazy enough, I could feel my outfit start to change again.
"Oh no... Here we go."
The heels I was wearing completely engulfed the exposed tops of my feet and then morphed into knee high stiletto boots. My jeans faded into shear black thigh highs with lace trim on the tops, and what happened next took my breath away... literally!
The halter top I was wearing began to shrink around my stomach tighter than I had ever felt before. It started getting difficult to breathe, and when I thought I couldn't take any more, it stopped. Before I knew it, the halter top had transformed into a black corset bodysuit with lace capped sleeves and a frilly skirt that covered basically nothing. That meant the Brazilian bottom portion on the back was wide open for viewing! Four straps came down from the skirt and attached to the thigh highs, holding them in place and the shoulder straps pulled the suit extremely tight up against my crotch. My camel toe was unforgiving! To top it off, black elbow length gloves appeared on my arms and a black choker around my neck.
"What the actual Fuck!" I said out loud, while staring at myself in the mirror.
I looked absolutely dangerous. The entire outfit was a shiny black leather material, and the corset pushed my boobs up so high, they looked two sizes larger than they actually were. Tim was going to pay big for this! Without warning, I heard the stall door behind me open up and there stood Katie.
"I KNEW IT!" She exclaimed, as she fidgeted with her style belt.
Within a couple seconds, her bright colored sundress morphed into a wine-colored ribbed corset and a pair of red frilly panties. I stood there in shock, not knowing what to say.
"Forgive me Ms. Jennifer. I have been naughty and need to be punished." She said, while lowering her head and getting down on her knees.
All I could do was roll my eyes as I locked the bathroom door and sauntered over to her. Grabbing Katie by the ponytail I yanked her into the stall.
"Fuck it! I can really use this right now!"
***
That night when I got home, I recounted my day to Tim and Mitchell who's jaws never left the floor! It turned out that Tim had in fact hacked my belt and was the one who played with my outfits. I thought he was going to be a jerk about it, and rub it in, but he actually felt bad about doing it.
"I'm sorry Jen. I really went too far with that one."
"Seriously, don't even worry about it! I should be thanking you for doing it. I got the promotion that I wanted, I got a date with the hottest guy in our office, and I explored a new part of me that I didn't know existed! It had actually been a really good day."
Tim scratched the back of his head, chuckled, and said, "No problem Jen."
I rose up off of the couch and made my way towards the front door.
"Now if you two don't mind, I have a hot date tonight!"
With that, I pressed the quick-change button on my style belt and became instantly dressed in the halter top and low-rise jeans from earlier. I chose to wear the same G-string, which was in fact pink, and also chose to go bra-less!
"Since this one got me the date, let's see what else it gets me tonight!" I said, grabbing my bag and giving Tim and Mitchell a wink as I walked out the door.