Synopsis: This series chronicles the real life of a true sub and fucktoy. She is controlled by her Master to be but an object, body, toy and holes for men to use. This is not fiction or fantasy. The people, activities and events are all true, but some names, locations and identifying details have been changed to protect the privacy of the people involved.
To fully understand and appreciate things and how she got to where she is now, it is recommended that you readThe Backstory.
Note: Entries with a date signify days she was used worthy of telling. However, she is used many other days, but not all are documented.
04/07/2023
Being a Friday, this was her day to go shopping. The usual places are the likes of Wal-Mart, Target, etc. And, as often happens, she was dressed so her body was exposed and on display for guys to see and enjoy.
Today, she wore averysheer button front top, so sheer, her tits are easily visible through it. And, of course, no bra. As if that wasn't enough, she was told to unbutton it to mid-breast, so plenty of cleavage also showed. She wore an upper thigh skirt that buttoned up the side, but only the top 2 buttons at the hip were allowed to be fastened, leaving much of her thigh and ass exposed. To finish the look, she wore 5" heels that strapped around her ankles.
As always, she took her time to browse the stores, allowing guys the opportunity to see her, watch her, and even approach her. After shopping, she reported that lots of guys liked how she was dressed and stared, but none approached her. However, she made it a point to tell her Master that she noticed a tattoo place in the area, too.
We had discussed adding a tattoo to her that marked her for what she was. A tattoo placed right above her pussy that simply said "Fuck Toy". She had told her Master she wanted one, not just to let guys know what she was, but show her commitment to her Master. It would be a permanent sign and reminder of what she was good for.
She entered, nervous because it would be forever and was greeted by 2 guys. As trained, she let them look at her body and how it was on display. They chatted a moment before taking her back to a booth and having her take a seat in a "procedure" chair. They were clearly looking at her tits showing through her top and how much her skirt showed, but remained professional.
When they asked what kind of tattoo she wanted, she straightforwardly told them exactly what she wanted and where. They were obviously intrigued and asked some basic questions, likely while they processed what she had just said she wanted. After some discussion, she eventually asked more about the size and placement.
They asked her to slide the waist of her skirt down so they could better show her. However, instead, she rose from the chair, unbuttoned the only 2 buttons holding her skirt on, released it and let it fall to the floor. After stepping out of it, she settled back into the chair, her wet pussy on full display. The tone immediately changed.
Spread out on the chair, her legs slightly apart, she let them look all they wanted. Soon, one guy had his hands on her, explaining the size and position. Being that exposed just made her wetter, and her clit was noticeably hard and protruding from its hood.
He was so close, yet so far from actually touching her pussy. She could easily see that their cocks were hard and pressing at their pants -- proof of how much her body pleased and excited them. As trained, she averted her eyes so they could look all they wanted and not be caught. Because of where she wanted the tattoo, it was nearly impossible for them to not look right at her pussy. After the details were ironed out, one asked if she only wanted the tattoo.
She mentioned that she had also thought about having her nipples pierced. Eagerly, one said they could also do that and it was pretty simple. So they could see what they would have to work with, she nonchalantly unbuttoned the rest of her top and peeled it back. Now, with her her tits and nipples on full display, she was basically naked and laid out in the chair in front of them.
The one guy freely touched her tits and nipples as he explained what was involved with the piercing. The more he did, the harder her nipples got. She squirmed slightly in the chair, feeling her pussy get even wetter, knowing they could clearly see that it was.
Then, to her surprise, one said he would do both for free. Right then.
She thanked them, but said she wasn't sure about today because she had only stopped in to find out more. As she re-dressing, she said she needed to think about it, but would probably be back.
That gave her the chance to return to her car to update her Master. In her opinion, they offered to do it for free because there were not busy and really liked seeing her naked body. After talking, it was decided that, because it would be forever, it needed to be a conscious decision, and not one made just because she was horny.
However, she was instructed to go back in and let them know she was serious about it, and ask if the offer would still be good if she came back in next Friday. They said it would, but only for a week. She thanked them, said she would be back and left, knowing full well they were not only watching, but talking about her.
By now, she was very horny, very wet and very much in need of being used. Before heading home, she was told to text The Boys the following:
"I hope you are free this afternoon to use the slut. Maybe there are even more than just the 3 of you who want to use the slut for what she is worth. I was dressed by my Master and sent out to be displayed while shopping, but am on the way home now."
Once home, she checked her phone and they had replied they were interested and asked if they could bring a friend - making it a total of 4. She was instructed to reply that the slut was more than ready for all 4 of them and set a time.
She stayed dressed and, when they arrived, told them it was what she wore shopping. After they got to see how she was eye candy in the store, they told her to strip. She stripped and stood before them as trained, with feet apart so they could very clearly see how she was even wetter than usual.
While rubbing her pussy, she told them "My Master wanted you to see how very wet, needy and ready the slut is to be used." Then she added that he said "they could not only use the slut as hard and much as they wanted, but could use any or all of her holes."
They didn't need any more encouragement. Her naked body, those words, her invitation, gave them not just added incentive to really use her, but a Green light.
They quickly ushered her to the kitchen table and pushed her tits down onto it. She instinctively spread her feet to provide a more inviting target. They started in on her pussy, taking turns fucking her from behind. As they harshly thrust the cocks into her, the table rocked, but held her in place, allowing them to drive as deep into her juicy, slippery fuckhole as they could.
She remained bent over and in position, letting each one get their turn in her pussy. When they were all satisfied, they allowed her to rest for a bit. While she did, she could see they were talking, but couldn't hear what they were saying. Soon, they said they were ready to use her again and she could see they were all rock hard as they moved her to floor.
The slut obediently crawled to the floor, pushed her tits down and raised her ass up high. Then waited. Almost immediately after presenting herself, she felt the first cock press against her waiting asshole. He rocked back and forth a few time before thrusting deeper into her tight ass. She knew they would each take their turn fucking her that way. But she wanted to please them and, at this point, needed her ass repeatedly used.
As they had already done to her pussy, they took what they wanted. Each one fucking her hard, deep, rough. They knew they could use her how they wanted and took advantage of it and her. Having just cum from fucking her pussy, they lasted longer this time, thoroughly using her ass.
They took turns abusing her ass for their pleasure, not caring about her or how hard it was on her. Each one fucked her just as hard and deep as they could. It was rough on her, but she had been trained to accept it because she knew it pleased them. Plus, she has grown to where she only craved hard use.
After each had their turn, they let her rest, while talking amongst themselves again. They were not dressing to leave, so she knew they probably wanted to use the slut still more, but waited to see. It wasn't long before she found out that they did and what they wanted.
They wanted to use her ass and pussy... at the same time. The slut had never been DP'ed, so she told her Master what they wanted. She had previously been given the opportunity to use a Safe word to let her Master know when something was too much or she had been used enough and needed to stop, but she refused it. The slut was more interested in pleasing her Master and the boys.
She returned to them and told them both of her holes were available for use and asked where they wanted her. One guy laid on the floor and told her to straddle him, facing him. He placed his hands on her hips and guided her still wet pussy down onto his waiting cock. Bent forward in that position, her ass was readily available to the other. Soon, she felt a cock pressing against her used, but still tight, asshole. In no time, it slid in and filled her, too.
They quickly developed a rhythm. While one cock dove into one hole, the other pivoted out of the other. Soon, they were in sync, alternately and persistently pounding both of her holes. She had never had a cock in both of those holes at the same time before. Not only did she feel used, but fully filled. She could feel both cocks fucking her, rubbing against each other as they moved in and out again and again. Was it hard on her? Yes. Did it matter? No.
The slut just accepted the use, the abuse, knowing it was what she was for. And the fucking went on. And on. When they finally came, she stayed in position until they pulled out of her holes, then rolled onto the floor, a well-used slut.
While she rested and recovered, she was reminded by her Master that there were still two more. She was instructed to ask if they, too, still had more for her. They did and said they wanted the same thing.
This time, when she told her Master, she asked forsomemercy. He granted her a sight reprieve and said they could use her ass or pussy, and her mouth, instead of ass and pussy. They gladly accepted the concession and she asked how they wanted her.
They put her on all fours again. Soon, one was in her ass, and she raised her head to present her mouth for the other. They, too, developed a cadence and began forcing her from one end over the other cock. As they used her, more of each cock pushed deeper into each hole. They were both relentless in milking her - and their cocks.
One cock was buried deep in her pussy, the other now in her throat, each one fucking her hard, pushing deeper with each thrust. Eventually, the assault on her holes grew to where they climaxed. When the one in her mouth burst, she swallowed every drop. She knew any she did not swallow, she was required to lick it up off the floor.
At this point, they had no more use for her, but she had been thoroughly used as the fucktoy she was. As trained, she cleaned their cocks to drain the last of their cum, thanked them for using her and added that she hoped she pleased them.
And now they knew she could handle not just 4 of them using her, but 3 times each. And also they knew they could DP her if they wanted. Degrading her to yet another level and proving she was worthy of a tattoo claiming she was a fucktoy, even if they didn't know a thing about it. Yet.

- - - - - - - -

Up Next: More tales of the Fucktoy being used.