I was smiling to myself, the giddiness welling up inside of me as I walked towards the seemingly unassuming old structure. It was getting dark, the harsh light of buzzing fluorescent bulbs spilling out from grime-coated windows. I saw just a few other people moving in and out of the roadside rest stop, and, taking a quick cursory glance at the mostly empty parking lot, it seemed the place would be pretty much empty before long.
I'd been planning this special visit since the beginning of the week. I had thought of nothing else since it had been planned. I found that I couldn't even look at anyone I passed in the eye, fearing irrationally that they would be able to tell what I had come here for...or that I wouldn't be able to stifle a big shit-eating grin and be half-mistaken for a maniac. I intended to go into the stalls, yes, but I certainly wasn't here for a bathroom break on route to some other destination. This was my destination tonight, and I fought to hold back the ever building excitement from showing on my face.
I made my way into the old concrete building, it resembled more a bunker than a public rest stop. The place was old. It was more or less well enough maintained, but the floor had begun to collect dirt and grime despite the apparent efforts of the custodians that had labored against it over the past several decades. The windows too were becoming partially neglected with the corners and edges becoming milky white and coated with dust.
As I approached the men's stalls, I found that the room was completely empty save for one older man washing his hands at the sink. He looked grizzled, a bit gruff, and as I walked past him to my special stall, the one at the end against the far wall, he gave an equally gruff but only brief look at me through the mirror. The stalls were as old as the building was probably, and the thin metal sheets that separated the toilets showed many marks and dings from their years of use. There was also graffiti, along with plenty of the usual little obscenities scratched into the paint that was at least a little newer than the surface it tried to cover - in some places you could see exposed colors from other layers that had been covered again and again.
I saw that the toilet paper holder hung lopsided on the left wall as I opened the battered stall door, and I smiled. I'd discovered this dirty little secret a little while ago while actually using the facilities on my way up State, and while taking some paper from the roll I accidentally pulled it off the wall. I was very surprised when it happened, but even more surprised to see what had been hidden behind it; a hole had been cut into the wall. It wasn't made of concrete like the rest of the structure, but was actually pretty thin drywall or plywood, painted or covered with stucco to resemble the surrounding surfaces. It was big enough to put a fist through, and just a little bit of forearm depending on how thick the arm was, and it opened directly into the woman's side of the restrooms! The dispenser also blocked some more obscene drawings, even some phone numbers, and they more or less illustrated the point of the hole - it was a gloryhole.
Arrangements had later been made; I was to be here at exactly 9:00 PM. And here I was, my hands shaking as I locked my stall and pulled the toilet paper holder away. I heard the old man finish at the sink, and the sound of his boots on the old tile floor echoed until they disappeared outside. I was alone. I looked through the opening, and smiled as I saw a female midriff standing on the other side. I saw her petite sexy legs under her skin tight jeans, and the bottom of her belly was showing under her short black top. She seemed to know that someone was here, but she waited. I knocked on the wall between us in a rhythm we had discussed, and I saw her move finally. As we had planned, I watched her through the hole as she put on a little show for me - slowly removing her clothes, exposing her soft pale skin, and teasing me with a gentle sway of her hips.
With all the anticipation, with the dirtiness and kinkiness of what was happening, I was already hard as a rock. I opened my pants and let myself from my underwear and sighed in a bit of relief. I kept my eyes glued to the girl as she was now slowly sliding her jeans down her legs. God, her thighs looked good...I wanted to touch those legs, to press my lips to them, to devour them. Still slightly trembling, I began to slide my hand up and down my throbbing shaft, and a bolt of electricity shot through me.
'Shit,' I thought, I was so wound up I wouldn't last long tonight...
Soon she'd kicked off her pants, letting them fall to the grimy tiled floor. Her shirt was already gone, and she stood in front of me now in just her panties still playfully swinging her hips. Her hands were moving over her body too, slowly sliding over her hips and her belly, then slightly out of sight to her chest. I could see a darker wet spot in the crotch of her light-colored panties, and knew that she must be just as worked up as I was. My heart began to pound in my chest, and it jumped again when I heard her whisper to me, asking if I was ready for her. I almost felt faint as my head was swimming, and I noticed then that I had started panting.
"Oh, yes..." I whispered back. I was definitely ready. I had waited days for this, and I couldn't wait any longer.
"I'm ready for you, too." She whispered back, a slight tremor in her voice. She seemed a little nervous as well, but I could tell she was also exhilarated. "But...could you...I would like you to touch me, please..."
I shuddered. She had this cute innocence about her, and it really contrasted in a way with the environment, with what we were doing, in such a way that made my mouth suddenly dry. It made it more dirty somehow. That I was here in this place with such a sweet thing...
I slowly knelt in front of the toilet, trying to look up at her naked body. In this position I could just make out the bottom of her breasts as they hung on her pale chest, and I could see locks of her dark reddish brown hair but not her face. She was standing fairly close to the hole, putting her crotch right at my eye level. I bit my lip. I wanted to put my lips against those wet panties. I wanted to tease her and taste her. But instead, I gave her what she asked for and put my hand through the opening. I slid through, tentatively feeling with my fingers until at last I brushed her flesh. I heard her gasp and quietly giggle as I felt along her thigh looking for her warmth. Finally my fingers clumsily found their mark, and I slid my middle finger along the crease of her panty-clad pussy. I heard her sigh, slightly less quietly, her legs parting to give me better access. I could tell it felt good for her, as she started grinding her hips slightly, and I could hear her valiantly trying to keep herself from making to much noise. She must need this as much as I do, I thought.
After a few moments I heard her start to whimper, failing to hold back her sighs and moans. I felt her body start to tremble, and I felt warmth flood over my fingers and my hand. Suddenly I felt her hand on mine, holding me still as she continued to shudder. After a few moments I finally felt her calm a bit, though she was breathing heavily. She pushed at my hand and I pulled it back through the hole, and as I looked back I could see a trickle of her cum dripping along her thigh. My head was swimming.
"OK..." She whispered, her breath shaky. "I'm ready for you."
I smiled, and inwardly I tried to shake myself out of this dreamy feeling. At least enough where I could stand and perform the necessary cognitive function of putting my dick through to my petite friend on the other side of the wall. I stood slowly, taking a deep breath and sliding my pants and underwear halfway down my legs. It sort of made it awkward to stand in front of the hole like that, but I wasn't sure I wanted to take my clothes off in this place. My friend certainly didn't seem to mind taking hers off. Maybe it increased the raunchiness of this act for her.
When I was ready, I steadied myself and fed my cock slowly through the hole. I waited for a moment, feeling a little awkward and exposed with my cock throbbing in the open cool air. Then, to make a little bit of a show, I flexed myself. I was rewarded with a playful giggle, and suddenly my eyes rolled back as I felt her warm hand on me. I exhaled deeply, and felt a tremor through my body. Fuck, I really wasn't going to last long.
She began by slowly moving up and down, gently sliding over me and teasing the tip with her fingers every so often. I felt like I was harder than I'd ever been in my life. It felt like my cock was trying to stretch out of it's own skin, and it pulsed against her grip with my elevated heart rate.
Suddenly I shuddered again as I felt hot breath on me. She didn't waste any time; almost immediately I felt her lips on my tip, and was soon greeted by the warmth and wetness of her mouth. I sighed out loud, maybe too loud, and I suddenly became very aware again of where I was. I held my breath, and I felt her stop with my cock in her mouth - she wasn't moving either, and was apparently listening. But the bathroom was still completely empty, and I couldn't hear anyone in the immediate vicinity outside the doors either. After a few moments, I felt her continue. I closed my eyes, and bit my lip to keep quiet. God she felt amazing. She was slow and somewhat tentative, like someone without too much experience, but the sensations flooding through me were almost as intense as with any other lover I'd ever been with. The sensation kept building, and she started sucking me harder, deeper.
I was panting again by this point, thrusting my hips involuntarily against the thin wall. I could feel it flexing slightly under the pressure of my hips, but it was reasonably sturdy despite it's thinness and at that moment I couldn't care less if I suddenly made that hole bigger. She took me deep into her throat then, and I could hear her gagging slightly as she pushed hard into me. She held for just a moment, then pulled back and gasped a breath of air. I started feeling dizzy again, and couldn't help letting out a moan as she pushed my cock back past her lips. I could tell she was getting into it. I heard the cutest little moans coming from her every time she slid my cock back into her mouth. Her pace quickened, and I heard the sound of her lips becoming more wet and sloppy. I started to feel myself getting closer to cumming, and I bit my lip harder, tried to fight it. It felt so fucking good, I closed my eyes, trying at once to take everything in and at the same time fight the impending orgasm that would no doubt soon be tearing through me. As I focused on the sound of her, listening to her moans, listening to the sound of her lips on me, I heard another distinct sound. It was another sort of wet sound, like someone stirring wet noodles, and I realized she must be playing with herself...her fingers frantically rubbing over her soaking wet pussy. Oh god...my whole body shivered, and I let out a loud sigh. My cock swelled and I knew I was about to explode.
She started moving harder, faster. She could tell I was close, and she was on a mission. I felt myself approaching the edge...closer, closer... Then, like white hot light flashing through my body, I was thrown over. I clenched my jaw, my open palms suddenly slapping hard into the wall, and I felt myself emptying, erupting, into her hungry mouth. She moaned out loud as the first ropes of cum splashed the back of her throat, and I felt her suck hard and greedily - pulling the next spasms from my body. My eyes rolled back, and the sensations coursing through my body, causing me to quake and tremor, were blowing my mind.
Finally these sensations began to fade, and I was able to regain some control over my breathing, over my terrible shaking. I was gasping heavily, trying to catch my breath, and my heart was pounding in my chest. I almost felt like I would collapse back against the other wall of the stall, and that the only thing keeping me planted there was that she still had my cock firmly between her lips. I felt her tongue swirl over my tip in her mouth, and it caused my whole body to quake again in a hard shiver. I instinctively pulled back, my slowly deflating member was extremely sensitive, and I heard myself pull from her lips with a 'pop.' It was barely audible, but I thought I heard a faint moan of protest as I pulled myself back through the hole. I smiled to myself - maybe I would be able to get her to come back and we would be able to do this again. I knelt back on my heels, resting against the opposite stall wall and tilting my head back. I closed my eyes, feeling a warm wave of complete contentment and satiation flow over me. I looked through the hole and could see that my friend had stood and was leaning back against the opposite wall, still only wearing her panties. Her hands were sliding idly over her body, and it sent a shiver though me. It also made me wish I had another round left in me...maybe, if we waited a few minutes... But, just as I was thinking about initiating something, I saw her start to collect her clothes and she pulled on her tight blue jeans.
"Any chance I might be able to see you here again?" I inquired.
She stopped for a moment, but didn't respond right away. "I'd like that." She said at last in a soft whisper. I smiled broadly. Soon after opened her stall and slipped out.
I remained in the stall for a little while longer. My heart rate was finally returning to normal, but my mind was still swimming. I couldn't believe that just happened. After what seemed like a lifetime of waiting after the plans had been made, I actually did it. And it was incredible! I had fantasized about such an encounter for a long time. It was always an exciting thought to me, to be in such a position with a stranger, or someone I couldn't see, though I never seriously pursued it. But after fate had led me to this little secret, I couldn't help but try to realize this fantasy.
I smiled again, chuckling to myself and shaking my head in disbelief. Not only had I had this extremely hot experience, my little friend seemed interested in doing it again! I stood up finally and pulled up my pants and buckled my belt. I straightened my shirt, put the dispenser back on its bracket, and left the stall. There was still nobody in the men's area as I left, which was a little surprising, but I did see a small group of people as I made my way back to the parking lot. I didn't see anyone coming from the women's side, so I guessed she had already left. As I reached my car and put the keys in the ignition, I couldn't stop smiling.
Part 2
As I walked into the door of my apartment, I still had the same grin plastered to my face. I opened the door, stepped into the entryway feeling the familiar warmth of home against the cooler night air, and smelled something on the stove. As I walked into the kitchen, I was greeted by the warm smile of my beautiful girlfriend.
"Hey you." She said, smiling at the look on my face. "You're home a little late, aren't you?"
I smiled back at her. "Well, you know how it is at the office sometimes. We had some details on a big project we're trying to close."
"Uh huh." She walked up to me, smiling somewhat shyly, and looking at my lips. We closed the distance between each other and embraced, and then kissed each other hard. I could taste a tinge of cum on her lips as I pushed my tongue deep into her mouth.
After we broke this heated kiss, she looked up at me with sparkling eyes.
"There's a strange taste in your mouth tonight, dear." I said, trying my best to look suspicious. "You haven't been with any other men while I was at work, have you?"
She looked away and did put on a faux guilty face, which was in itself a little comical since she already looked so innocent. "Well...I may have run into someone a little earlier..." She started. "He was really hot, and after he touched me I couldn't help myself."
I furrowed my brow, trying to look upset. "That's very naughty, dear... What am I going to do with you?"
She couldn't help but smile up at me, her face beaming with a shyness but also exhilaration. She was so demur at times, but I always knew she loved sex. She was somewhat reserved and innocent outwardly, but in the bedroom she was a most passionate and curious lover. She loved to explore, even though she didn't always know how to ask for what she wanted. Ever since we met and had started our love life, I had tried some things with her after I found her to be receptive, and it turned out, much to my pleasurable surprise, that she was receptive to quite a lot of things.
It was still somewhat of a surprise that she'd agreed to do this after I told her about what I'd found, that we would meet in a public place and have 'anonymous' sex. I was shaking when I told her, partially because I didn't know what she would think, and partially because it really was a private fantasy - one that I had never told any other soul about. She seemed nervous about it first, but I could tell she was instantly excited about the idea. Later, one night after we'd made love, she told me she would do it. That was a week prior, and now it had actually happened...fulfilling an old but apparently very strong fantasy. And after I felt her reaction when I got back to the apartment, I knew for sure we would be doing it again.
"I have an idea of what you can do with me..." She said, her eyes sparkling in the kitchen lights overhead. Slowly she pulled me away from the stove, clicking off the burner and letting whatever had been boiling in the medium sized pot to simmer. She led me out of the kitchen and towards our bedroom, and said softly, "take me, right now."
That night we made love several times. Well, it wasn't so much lovemaking as it was raw passionate sex. She was on fire, and her normally small but very sexy sounds when we fucked were much more present, urgent, and a little louder. I lost count at how many times she came - I felt like I unlocked something inside her, and I was still smiling to myself, a shit-eating grin in the dark, as I laid snuggled, completely spent, with her in our bed as we began to dose off. I kissed her forehead as she rested on my shoulder, and I felt her snuggle up a little closer and whisper a tired 'I love you.' I soon slipped into my dreams, which replayed again and again the events of that evening in wonderfully vivid detail...
We'd decided to go back to the rest stop the following Friday. We both finished work at roughly the same time, and we would drive there separately as we did before - increasing the feeling of anonymity. We would sometimes send texts when we were there or on our way at the beginning, but that, we found, took a little bit away from the experience. Anyway, we had our special knock so we knew it was us. But still, just in what we were doing - the situation, the place, the scenario - it really enhanced the feeling with her...like I was with her for the first time again, or more accurately, with someone new. I guessed it had a similar effect on her, because when we both where there locked in our stalls, and when I felt her, and when she would take me into her mouth, there was an energy with her I never felt before. She would let herself go more wild than I'd ever seen her, and when we got home she would jump my bones as soon as I came in. Outwardly she was the same. Still demur, still that cute shy girl I had fallen for those few years before. But in bed, she was a demon. It really was amazing.
So we continued like that, and after a while it became part of our routine to meet after work every Friday - well, more of a ritual than a simple 'routine.' Usually it wasn't so busy in the bathrooms, but in the waning days of spring and the early months of summer more people were on the road. It really seemed to only add to the intensity, doing these things and knowing there were other people nearby. God, what an incredible turn-on it was. Perhaps it enhanced the experience with the essence of danger in getting caught, but whatever it was was like an aphrodisiac on steroids. Once we were in one of our sessions, and pretty much every stall was full. I could hear people coming and going from the bathroom, and I came almost as soon as my girlfriend touched my throbbing cock. Later she mentioned that it caught her by surprise, but it was hot because I'd came all over her dark blue panties as they were around her ankles, and after we left she said she could feel my cum seeping into her pussy as she drove home. That had gotten my pulse going...
On another occasion both the men's and women's rooms where full, and with all the commotion we were able to really let ourselves go a little more. It was unlike anything else I'd ever experienced when I came into her mouth that day. It took all of my willpower not to scream when it happened, and I very nearly lost my footing and fell to the floor. She told me that night that she had cum just from feeling me cum in her mouth, and that when she left her stall she must have made some noise because there was a woman who came out of the stall beside hers that had given her a funny look. It was incredible.
Part 3
It was about mid-August when we made plans to meet again in our little dirty secret place. We had come up with ways to keep it interesting - like her little strip show from the first time, sometimes she would watch me jerk off for a while at the start, or, after having become much braver, we would both get completely naked in the stalls together and play with each other through the hole. Almost every time, it involved one of us watching the other before we started our final game. However this time she'd sent me a text in the middle of my work day, something to get me riled up and excited though there really was no need for the extra tension - despite having done this for a while now, I already had plenty of trouble focusing on the last work day of the week and as the slow hours ticked by I could think of little else. But this time she sent a special request; when I saw her in the stall I was to just put my dick through and she would have a special surprise for me. My heart jumped into my throat when I read it, and it made the rest of my afternoon drag on abysmally. If we'd decided meet any earlier in the day, I would have skipped work to run to our meeting place.
By the time I finally left the office I was going near crazy, shaking with the anticipation. I raced across town and headed up the interstate to the rest stop just 10 minutes out. I was a little early - I couldn't help leaving as soon as I could, and on top of it I was drove fast. Probably too fast. I'd have to wait in the stall for her at least for a little while. Maybe get naked and build the tension even more...
Shit, I thought,if I get anymore worked up I'll blow my load the second she touches me...
I arrived at the parking lot and saw that there were quite a few people there. It was the end of summer, and many people were leaving to go on last minute camping trips or upstate for fishing at one of the nearby lakes. There was almost a line building up on the woman's side, and I couldn't help but glance over to see if I could spot my girlfriend. I tried to look casual as I walked towards the men's side, and though I looked as thoroughly as I could I didn't see her. Either she was in the bathroom already, or she hadn't got there yet. I had a brief fleeting worry that she was somehow already waiting for me in the stall, and I hoped there wasn't anyone in the far men's stall that knew about the hole. But that was silly. I was sure others knew about this place, but I doubted they came during daylight and when it was so busy. And anyway, both of us knew each other intimately - we'd know if it wasn't us.
I was able to walk directly into the bathroom on the men's side, but all the stalls were occupied - even the one on the far wall. I tried to look inconspicuous as I made my way over to it, making it seem like I was just waiting to go to the bathroom. I leaned in close, looking back towards the door as someone came out of one of the other stalls. It was a younger kid, and he didn't really pay any attention to me as he went to the counter and washed his hands. I leaned in again to the stall to see if I could hear anything, but I only heard the sound of shifting and what sounded like rustling and tearing paper.
OK, I thought, just someone taking a shit.Great... I took a breath, and shook my head, wondering why I was even worried about it. I went to the sink and decided to pretend like I was doing something that was natural to be doing in a bathroom, turning on the water and splashing some on my face. I hadn't noticed at first how hot it was in this place. The mid-August sun was beating down on the roof overhead, and though it was cooler under all this mid-century concrete, the bathroom felt warm and muggy. It also stank. And just as if on cue, I heard the toilet flush in my stall. Finally!
As the door opened and a 30-something soccer dad-type walked out, I continued to pretend to wash my hands. The man walked to another sink, quickly washed, and walked toward the door. He seemed to look around for a moment and called out a name, apparently looking for the boy I'd seen earlier. After he left, I slipped into the stall and locked the door. I could hear at least two other occupants in the room with me, and carefully I pulled the dispenser from the wall and set it next to the toilet. I looked down at the grimy water in the toilet and frowned, and I decided to shut the lid. I sat down on the closed lid, and looked through the hole. I was a little surprised to see, or rather hear, that there was someone in the stall next to me.
I suddenly felt really guilty, even though I couldn't see anything.Of course there might be someone actually using it!My heart jumped in my chest as the occupant began to stand up. Shit! What was I going to do if they saw someone looking into their stall? Hell, I could get the cops called on me, arrested! Shit! Shit! I started to panic...I couldn't quickly cover it back up - that would make them notice for sure. But just as I was about to quickly leave, not finding any other solution in my brief panic, I saw just a hint of dark panties before the woman pulled up her pants. I guessed from what I could see of her that she was in her late 20s, but as she bent over to pick up her handbag I saw blonde hair fall over a surprisingly more aged face. She had to have been at least older than mid-fourties, maybe even early fifties, but she had a great tight body. At any rate, she opened the stall door and left without ever seeming to notice the hole and someone staring at her through it. I breathed a sigh of relief. I realized then that my heart was still pounding, and a bead of sweat trickled down my forehead.
I didn't have much time to think, to maybe try to replace the dispenser over the hole and send a text to my girlfriend that we should rethink our meeting, when the stall door on the other side opened again. I saw the figure of a petite woman in skin-tight jeans and a dark shirt with a pink floral pattern - a familiar looking midriff. I smiled. I guess it would work out after all. I watched her for a moment, noticing that she wasn't going to sit on the toilet, but instead leaned back against the other wall and started slowly sliding her hands over herself through her clothes. Mmmm, so maybe this had been part of the surprise she had hinted at in her text. But no, I thought. We had watched each other plenty of times like this before. It must be something else, but I sure as hell was enjoying the view so I decided to watch for a little while. She moved really slowly, almost tentatively, like she was a little shy about touching herself in a public place...though I'd watched her do it plenty in the previous weeks without much reservation. I supposed it must have been because there were so many people in the bathrooms that day.
At last she started getting more into it, and slowly started to unbutton her jeans and snake a hand into her panties. I saw through the tight material her hand begin to work over her pussy, teasing over her clit. My mouth went dry, and more beads of sweat dripped down my face. Apparently she wanted to tease me a bit, as she was going quite slow and didn't seem to be interested so much in putting on a show than getting herself going. Slowly though, her pants began to open more and she dipped her hand lower - evidently pushing a finger inside herself. I heard her sigh gently, and I found myself rock hard in my pants. Shit, I was still fully dressed. And I remembered then what she'd said in her text - maybe that's why she was holding back; she had wanted me to immediately put myself through the hole when we arrived. I bit my lip, prying my eyes away from the scene in the other stall, and began to undress. I folded my pants and put them on the toilet lid, followed by my underwear and my dress shirt. I kept my socks on, but after I was otherwise completely naked I took one last glance through the hole and smiled. I could hear her panting lightly, and her panties and pants were now pushed down a little past her hips. I could just make out the short cropped hair above her otherwise bare mound. I licked my lips. I was going to devour that pussy tonight.
I stood back up, finding myself feeling a little shaky. I couldn't believe that after having done this nearly a dozen times it was still such a thrill! I took a deep breath, smiled, and slowly slid my cock through the hole. At first nothing happened, and I wondered if she was too far into her play to notice. But I did think heard a gasp coming from the other side of the wall. I waited some more, and still nothing happened. I could feel my engorged member throbbing with my elevated heart beat, but it was starting to feel strange just hanging there. Usually my girlfriend wasted no time getting started, but today she was really teasing me. I guessed that was part of her plan, to make things extremely salacious for tonight - she probably wanted something hot, maybe to go several times again, and wanted to make sure I was ready.Don't worry, babe, I thought,I'll be ready for you.
Suddenly my thoughts were interrupted by the feeling of hot breath on my tip. Ah, yes...finally. I think I may have groaned out loud - it had felt like I was literally hanging there forever. Very slowly, I felt a finger, then a second, then a full hand on me. And a moment later, something hot and wet flick over my sensitive skin. It made me flex in response, and I heard a soft giggle. Such a tease. I would have to get her back for this tonight. Again, very very slowly, she dragged her tongue over my skin - slowly making circles around my girth. It was so good, but also such a torture - I wanted to feel her take me past those amazing lips, to devour me, to pull the cum from my body that had been boiling in me for the past several hours. Then, finally, I did feel her lips. She kissed all along my shaft, almost as tentatively as with her tongue, and it was driving me crazy. I let out another sigh, too loud, and became a little self-conscious - drawing back into reality a bit, and to where I was. I couldn't hear anyone in the other stalls just then, but I was sure there was someone else in the bathroom still. I bit my lip, and closed my eyes, hoping she wouldn't draw out this torture for too long.
As it happened I didn't have to wait long, as I finally felt her lips over my tip, and she took the first few inches of me into her mouth. I exhaled deeply, consciously keeping myself from moaning. It felt fucking incredible. I felt her suckling me inside her mouth, her tongue and oral muscles working over my dick, giving the sensation that they were drawing me in deeper. And then she did push deeper, swallowing a few more inches. I felt my tip at the back of her throat, and she started backing up. I was slid all the way back out past her lips, and the relatively cooler air of the room greeted my cock. A second later I was engulfed in warmth again - she had lost her apparent shyness and my tip was once again pushing back against her throat. I felt a pressure, like she was trying to push the last couple inches in but was struggling. She backed me out again, and once more I felt the coolness, and then I heard a subtle slurping sound as she shoved me all the way in - my head popping down her throat. My god! It made me dizzy. Everything that she was doing felt incredible. I couldn't put my finger on it, but she seemed to be doing things differently than usual. Her technique had apparently developed over the time we had spent doing this, and right now, perhaps with my senses heightened by everything that had happened today, this was the best blowjob I'd ever received. I didn't know how much longer I was going to hold out. I almost wanted her to just shove me over the edge. I half wanted us to finish up here so I could really have her back at home...
She plunged me deep into her throat again, and I heard, or rather felt, her moan. Ohh, shit...I definitely wouldn't last long if she kept that up. I heard more wet sounds, not so much from her lips on me, as she was holding a valiant effort trying to keep inconspicuous in the busy restroom, but I heard that unmistakable sound of fingers sliding into a wet vagina. It sounded like she was absolutely dripping! It made me swell even more in her mouth, and I was rewarded with another low hum that sent vibrations through my sensitive member. I felt the sensations begin to build, and, despite myself, I let out a low whisper, "oh, fuck, yeah..."
I continued to climb, and she kept a fairly steady rhythm. Usually at this point she pushed me fast and hard, sensing I was getting close, in order to give me a powerful orgasm. But today, everything seemed to be slower, hotter...and I wasn't really complaining - it was somewhat torturous, but it was having an incredible effect on the pleasure I was experiencing. As I felt myself quickly approaching the point of no return, as I began to press harder against the wall, suddenly she popped me out of her mouth. I almost groaned out loud from frustration. What was she trying to do to me??
The air felt cold on my shaft, and it was a little like sobering from a cold splash of water. I still kept rock hard, but the lack of stimulation did let me pull back a bit from the edge. I heard her fingers still working on her wet cunt, as well as her soft breath which was becoming quicker and heavier, and it made me wish I were in there with her so I could help out...I wanted to touch her, to kiss her, to put my tongue inside her...I wanted to taste that dripping wet pussy.
After a few moments I heard her shift a bit, perhaps she was getting a more comfortable position before we finished, and soon felt her hand on me again. She teasingly stroked up and down my shaft, but this time she seemed more urgent. She was squeezing me harder, and her motions were a little more erratic. But then I felt her wet warm lips again, and I smiled, closing my eyes again. I took in the sensation, moaning softly as I pressed harder against the wall. She felt so soft against me, so hot, and very very wet. Then, after she put more pressure on my tip, I felt a different sensation. It was tighter than before, warmer...somehowwetter. And as she slid further I realized that I was being buried in her pussy!
"Oh, fuck!!" I breathed. I heard her inhale sharply on the other side, squeezing my cock hard with her inner muscles, and it was the absolute hottest thing. It was more intense than anything our sessions had been before. She felt unbelievable, like not only our first time but my first time...it was such a deep strong feeling despite the separation between us.
She waited for only a moment before she started moving on my bare shaft, and I could feel inside her that her whole body was trembling. She worked me slowly at first, but very firmly. She worked her way further and further back until her ass was pressing hard to meet me against the wall, and almost involuntarily I began thrusting back and forth to meet her. This seemed to drive her more crazy as she began to go wild on me, shoving my hard member deep inside her, both of us desperately trying to feel this incredible pleasure but desperately trying to remain silent. I heard some people moving around in the next room, and in the men's bathroom someone just entered and started using one of the urinals. After another moment, her body began to quake and and her pussy clamped down on me very hard.Oh my god, I thought.She's cumming on my cock already!
Somehow she managed to stay silent through her orgasm, but as the sensations rocked her body she lost control of her legs and began to slide to the floor. My cocked slipped out of her, and she groaned out loud, almost growling in frustration. I heard her suck in a breath of air at last, and she couldn't hold back soft sighs and moans as she struggled to catch her breath. I heard her immediately scramble to get her footing, and I felt her hand on my slick cock again as she guided me back inside her. She was like an animal in heat after that, slamming hard on my cock and pushing heavily into the wall. I heard her panting and sighing on the other side, a bit of caution thrown to the wind, and I felt like I would cum at any moment.
Suddenly the lights around me seemed to dim, the world around me becoming faint. My entire body stiffened and I could suddenly no longer breathe... This crushing orgasm gripped me so suddenly I couldn't even anticipate it. My mouth opened in a silent scream, and I felt the first waves of the most intense climax rip through my body. How I stayed quiet I will never know, hell, who knows maybe I didn't really, but I came so hard and for so long, I scarcely remembered where I was for those moments. I absolutely erupted, thick ropes of my semen shot deep into her, and at that moment I felt an incredible tightness on my cock and a great tremor inside her - she was coming again!
Fortunately she didn't cry out, but I could just picture her beautiful face in the next stall - completely contorted with the ecstasy of her release. Her muscles pulsed all around me, and my cock throbbed in her, filling her again and again with ropes of my thick cum.
I don't know how long we stayed like that, connected together, struggling to catch our breaths. I felt her squeeze my rhythmically inside her, it felt very intimate, loving. I flexed back inside her and I heard her sigh lightly in pleasure through the thin wall. Slowly, almost reluctantly seeming, she slid herself off my softening cock. I just stood there for a moment, not able to bring myself to move - though I knew I would need to before she left the stall. I heard her shuffling a bit, and then heard the clank of the toilet seat on the bowl followed by the unmistakable sound of her peeing. As I listened to the stream hitting the water, my cock involuntarily flexed. Soon after, I felt her warm lips on my tip and she took me one last time into her mouth - tasting our mixed juices. I shuddered from it, and I couldn't wait to kiss those dirty lips once we got back home. She suckled me gently for a moment, then popped me back out. I heard her wipe herself and pull on her pants. I pulled my now softened dick back through the hole, and looked through just in time to see her cute butt wrapped in that skin tight fabric walk out of the stall. I sat back against the toilet and sighed deeply. That was fucking incredible. The culmination of our sordid little visits to this gloryhole. It was now very clear what her surprise was - she had always been hesitant about having full on sex here. Not because she was against the idea, but she was worried we would make too much noise. I guess she'd made up her mind about it.
After resting for a few moments I collected myself and started pulling on my clothes. I flushed the toilet for show, though I didn't know who I was going to be convincing. I didn't know if there was even anyone in the bathroom with me. As I opened the stall door and walked past the mirrors, I saw that I looked like I just fucked. I was sweaty, my hair was a little tussled, and my face was flush. I also had a look of deep satisfaction. My reflection smiled slickly at me as I walked past, and, after a final deep breath, I left.
As I approached the parking lot I felt my phone vibrate in my pocket. I pulled it out and saw a message from my girlfriend. I thought that was a little odd, as we usually kept up our 'anonymity' until we were both at home. So I opened it. My heart nearly stopped when I saw the message:
Hey honey. Super swamped at work today and I absolutely had to stay late - so sorry! Promise I'll make it up to you when I get home ;)
Hope you weren't waiting long for me! See you in an hour or so xoxo
I just stared at my screen, my face turning ghostly white. She had to be fucking with me. Maybe this was part of her teasing - to heighten the feeling that I had just had sex with a random stranger...but no, that was too far. She wouldn't do that...would she? I started to tremble. I felt light-headed, faint - my heart lurching in my chest, my pulse pounding in my ears. I looked all around me, at the people coming and going from the parking lot. I thought I still may be able spot the girl who I'd mistaken for my girlfriend... I searched the clumps of people here and there, mostly small families and individuals. I looked towards the woman's bathroom - there was still a line leading nearly around the corner, but I didn't see her. I looked back towards the parking lot...a big black SUV, an old motorhome, a red pickup truck with a trailer...then I saw her. Oh god...there she was. It had to be her. She had a petite frame, a dead ringer for my girlfriend but with slightly lighter hair. Not quite blonde, but a very light brown. It was her alright - she had on those skin tight jeans, and I saw the pink floral pattern on her dark shirt. She turned in a direction where I could see her face, and, apart from her body type, she bared no resemblance to my girlfriend. She had a satisfied smile, her cheeks flush...she definitely looked like she just had a good fuck. And from somewhere behind a large vehicle a guy in a baggy sports jersey walked up and put his arm around her waste. He kissed her, and they walked out of my view. God damn...
Numbly, I stood there just staring in their direction. I couldn't believe that just happened. Then fear started to creep up my chest. Oh, fuck...I just cheated on my girlfriend! It wasn't intentional but...god, I just had sex with some strange girl in a rest stop bathroom. The thought was instantly horrifying and incredibly hot. It was some time before I snapped out of my stupor. I checked the time - I had to get home before my girlfriend. I needed to think, and I needed a fucking shower...
Epilogue
My hands were shaking as I pulled out my keys to unlock the front door. I nearly dropped them once, but finally was able to turn the lock, slip inside, and slam the door shut again. I slumped down to the floor, still in shock over what just happened. What was I going to do? How would I explain this? How could I even tell her? She might hate me...it was all my fault. It was my idea to do this stupid risky shit in the first place! Fuck... I shook my head. No, it was done. I couldn't do anything about it, and it wasn't something I wanted to do. Hell, I didn't even know I did it. Through all of it, I thought it was my sweet beautiful girlfriend on the other side of that wall. Fuck. Shower, I thought. I need to get clean. I need to wash away this strange woman. I stood up and walked towards the bathroom, when I heard keys slide into the door lock. My girlfriend was home already! Fuck!
Quickly I ducked into our bedroom, and started tearing off my clothes. Maybe I could rush into the bathroom quick enough where she wouldn't stop me. I didn't even know if I could look at her...
"Hon?" She called out.
Shit.
"Babe, are you home?"
I had to say something. I called back, trying to keep my voice sounding normal. "Yeah honey, I'm back here. Just about to jump in the shower."
I didn't hear anything, so I hoped she'd gone to the kitchen or sat in the living room. I just peeled off the last of my clothes when suddenly the bedroom door flew open. My beautiful innocent looking girl was standing in the doorway. She was looking at me, almost staring with an implacable look. I was frozen, like a deer caught in headlights. She knew. How? How could she possibly know? Or...did she fuck with me after all? Before I could say anything, before I could really think, she suddenly walked very quickly to me - holding my gaze all the while. I was petrified, paralyzed. I thought, this is it, she's going to kill me...
Then, she flung herself in my arms, wrapping herself around me and devouring my lips. She was absolutely on fire...burning. She clung to me, pulled herself so hard to me. I almost fainted.
At last she broke the kiss, and as we caught out breath she started removing her shirt. She just looked at me with that gaze, one I came to realize was her 'I'm so fucking horny I'm going to fuck you until we can't move' look. She almost tore off her shirt, then unclasped her bra. Her pants and panties were on the floor, and before I scarcely saw her move she had pushed me back onto the bed and was now over me. She looked down at me, half with her innocent expression, and half with the look of a predator that had caught its prey.
"I'm so sorry I messed up today..." She began. "I know you were looking forward to it, hell, I was looking forward to it! I had something special in mind for you.." She paused. "But I promise I'm going to make it up to you...I'm going to make it up to you all weekend."
I could only stare, swallowing the lump in my throat. My heart was pounding, and for a moment I forgot the guild, the panic, and my cock was upright - pointing straight up at her exposed pussy. I realized then that she was completely shaved. It was something we'd talked about before, but she didn't do it very often. She must have done it this morning before work...
My thoughts were interrupted as she mounted me. Instinctively I grabbed my rock hard cock, and another wave of guilt washed over me - I was still slick and sticky from that strange girl's pussy at the rest stop...oh god...I hadn't even made it to the shower. But again my thoughts were interrupted, and before I could protest, or even had I the capacity, she took my cock from my hand and a split moment later I was buried to the hilt inside her.
"Ugghhhnn!!" We exclaimed in unison.
Despite what happened earlier, maybe even because of it and partly by being on edge, it felt unbelievably intense - like all my nerve clusters were bare, on high alert...it was like I was experiencing being inside her for the first time again...again! She squeezed me hard, and before I could catch up she started riding me furiously. She ground her hips hard into me, sawing my cock roughly into her cunt. Almost right away she started whimpering, her moans growing quickly in this passion. My hands had gone to her hips, helping to guide her along my now painfully rock hard shaft.
She flung herself against me, and I threw my arms around her. She was gasping, panting in my ear, our bodies sliding together. It was the most worked up I had ever seen her - she really had been looking forward to tonight, even though it hadn't exactly gone according to plan... She was like an animal, and, as the sensations and warmth of being with my lover began to cut through the fog that the earlier mishap had shrouded my brain, I began to once again marvel at her incredible sexual drive. Demon in the sheets, saint in the streets indeed!
Before long her cute little whimpers gave way to honest moans, and soon she was crying out over me - her body starting to quake. And suddenly a warmth gushed over my cock, and, shockingly, I found myself following her over the edge. I gritted my teeth as I came even harder even than I had just a couple hours before. I thought I had already emptied my balls into my 'girlfriend' at the stall, but she was pulling what felt like gallons from me...absolutely incredible. Now with the events from earlier completely pushed from my mind, I just pushed as hard as I could as I filled my lover's pussy with every pulse. She sighed with every wave of pleasure, seemingly timed perfectly with the rhythm of each spurt from my swollen tip. It was so beautiful, so warm, so intimate. I held her tight against me, slowly climbing down from the crushing intensity, slowly catching my breath as my girlfriend collapsed over me.
We stayed together like that, completely entangled, and rested together. My hands explored over her back, and I smiled. I didn't know how I would deal with what had happened. I would need to come to terms with it. It wasn't like I went out and tried to cheat on her, but the fact remained that I had deep, passionate sex with a beautiful stranger in that bathroom stall. My cock twitched involuntarily inside my girl with that thought. I heard her chuckle.
"I guess this game of ours had us both going today." She sighed. I felt her squeeze me and gently slide me inside her.
I moaned, feeling incredibly sore and very sensitive, but the sensation was still so good...I was amazed at how good it was to be like this with her. I even felt almost ready to go again!
"It seems so!" I responded, trying not to sound guilty.
She slowly lifted her hip, sliding me nearly out of her, before pushing all the way back down. We both moaned out loud. "Why don't we finish this in the shower...I'm not done with you yet, babe. And you're mine all weekend!"
I smiled broadly, but did my best to make it put on a face like it was going to be just awful. She stood up, pulling me with her, and we trotted buck naked to our bathroom. We enjoyed a slow, hot, sensual shower, making love several more times before even leaving the warmth of the steamy water. I ran my tongue over every square inch of her body, worshipping her with my lips and my hands, and she had put her lips and her fingers over and in every part of mine. It was one of the most intimate moments we had ever shared as a couple. By the end of the night, rather in the very early hours of the morning, we had fucked in nearly every room in the house and my cock had filled and deposited a surprising amount of cum in every of her warm holes. And we were dead exhausted. I didn't even remember falling asleep, but I certainly recall waking up with her. I smiled in my early morning haze as I felt her lips around my already throbbing hard cock. I wondered if I would survive a weekend like this, but I couldn't wait to find out.
Even though we had done so much with each other we could barely move, by the end of the weekend neither of us were ready to leave our bed and return to normal life. It was incredible what this fantasy, unwittingly turned reality, had done for us. It injected this unbelievable magic into our relationship, and sex between us kept being nothing short of amazing. To this day we still return to our little secret place. We don't go as often as we did at the beginning, but every time we do it's always as intense as the first. And every time I release into my lover's mouth, or pussy, or even her wonderful tight ass, I think about that girl and the surreal fulfillment of one of my deepest darkest fantasies. The orgasm it creates is always so strong that nearly I black out from the shear intensity of the memory, of the sensations...I'll never forget that wonderful anonymous surprise.