Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the previous part. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.
Part 07
DAY 11
******
Luke woke me with another long, slow, fuck that made us both cum. When he left I checked the time and saw that I would be able to get showered and still have time to go down for breakfast.
I wore just a half sarong again, the knot starting off on my left hip but by the time I sat down to eat it was just below my belly button. There were a number of people in the restaurant but no one took any notice of me.
After 4 days of being fucked many, many times, and cumming more times than I ever had before, I needed a rest so I decided to spend the day beside the pool. I put on just a G-string that disappeared between my lips and has no material to cover my pubes, and went down. I certainly wasn't the only topless girl there but I did have the briefest of bikini bottoms on.
It wasn't long before a couple of young men offered to rub my sunblock on and I took them up on their offer. However, I wouldn't let either of them rub the cream on my pussy, I wanted to have a quiet day.
Whilst they were rubbing the block on me they were trying to hit on me but I wasn't having any of it.
I had a relatively quiet day with just a couple of guys coming over to me to try to hit on me but I wasn't interested and just fobbed them off. That was until late afternoon when I started to get a bit restless and bored. I'd hardly moved for hours and I needed to work some muscles. At first it was just moving my arms around, then my legs just a bit, then I thought, "sod it" and swung my legs up and back. Within seconds my legs were locked behind my shoulders, the G-string doing nothing to hide my pussy.
The 2 young men, and a few others, soon descended on me to see if I was revealing more of my pussy than I had before.
I quickly got lots of comments, crude and complimentary, but none of them bothered me, I've heard it all before and I know that it's all bravado. Anyway, one question triggered a response from me. That question was to ask me if I could lick my own pussy.
I smiled, lifted the G-string out of my slit then started licking.
The comments got more crude and suggestive as I ran my tongue around my clit and brought myself to pleasurable orgasm. I still wasn't in the mood to have a long conversation with 1 or more guys so when I returned to normal I dropped my legs and told them that the show was over and that I was going back to sunbathing - on my own. The disappointed guys dispersed and I closed my eyes and relaxed.
A short while later I heard some unusual noises from down on the street and got up to have a look. I could see something going on through the trees near the fountain, but I couldn't determine what. I decided that I'd go and have look later when I went out for something to eat and went back to relaxing and enjoying the sun.
When the sun started to go down I gathered my things and went back to my room.
When I went out onto the balcony, all 3 guys were there and Luke said,
"Emily, this package contains just a small token of our appreciation for you being such a great sport these last 4 days. We wanted to get you something to remember us by and we had to search all over to find a shop that sells these but we finally managed it. Emily, we hope that every time that you use this you will remember your time as our voluntary sex slave."
He handed me a little bag and when I opened it I discovered a little silver, remote controlled bullet vibrator. I smiled and thanked them as I unpacked it and gave it its first outing inside my vagina.
I turned the vibrations up and then down then, with it still vibrating inside me, I went over to the dividing railing and gave each of them a big, sloppy kiss.
Then Luke surprised me a little,
"We're going back to England early in the morning so we probably won't see you again. Can we each have 1 more fuck, a farewell fuck?"
"Sure, that would be nice, give me 30 minutes to get cleaned up then come round 1 at a time, and give me your best guys."
I went to the bathroom, removed the bullet vibrator and got into the shower.
Thirty minutes later there was a knock on my door and Harry was stood there with a big grin on his face.
"I drew the highest card so it's me first."
"Do your best Harry." I said as I turned to go to the bed.
And he did. It wasn't an urgent fuck but a good one, him taking me in various positions before he finally came inside me. On the way he'd managed to make me cum twice. Just as he was leaving Harry told me that Will would be in next.
I went to the bathroom to clean up a bit and to lube my butt entrance as I suspected that Will would be butt fucking me. I was right, as soon as he came in he told me to get on my hands and knees on the bed and his cock went straight to my butt, it felt like he was punishing me by ramming straight into my butt without any foreplay. I was glad that I'd lubed myself.
It was over in less than a minute and having deposited his cum up my butt he pulled out and, as he left, he just said "seeya." I wondered if I'd done anything to upset him.
I suspected / hoped that Luke's fucking would be much like the previous nights and was happy that it was, lots of oral on both of us followed by a long slow pussy fuck.
He made me cum 3 times before he did. That man will make some girl an amazing fuckbuddy.
I was feeling very happy and refreshed when Luke left. I planned to wear that vibrator quite a lot over the next few days, and the engineer in me needed me to see what batteries I needed before they ran flat. When I looked at the packaging and the leaflet, I at first cursed because it was all in Chinese, but then looking at it some more I decided that I didn't need new batteries, the ones in both the vibe, and the control were induction charging on a little pad that at first I thought was just part of the packaging. It had a USB port on it but no cable. I got my phone charging cable, plugged it all in and hoped for the best because there were no charging lights.
By that time I was feeling a little hungry and decided to go out and get something. I went out onto the balcony to find that there was no sign of the guys, or Dani and Wren so I had another shower then put on just 1 of my net micro dresses and left.
As soon as I got out onto the street I knew that something was going on. The noise was different and there were people walking around in fancy dress, the carnival sort of fancy dress.
The 'square' area was full of people all talking and looking at different activities like Spanish traditional dancing, playing different musical instruments and lots for kids to do. There was also quite a lot of people in various types of fancy dress. I saw 2 girls in very small thongs, very colourful body paint, colourful, feather headdresses and nothing else. They were nearly as naked as I was although unless people looked close the dress that I was wearing would appear to be quite normal.
I wandered around then something caught my eye, I looked over towards the road round the bay and saw that the funfair that I'd seen before was open for business. What I'd seen was the slingshot shooting up in the air. I decided to wander over to see what else was working.
When I went into the enclosure I was disappointed, apart from the slingshot the bumper cars were working and a couple of stalls were open. That was it.
Never having been on a slingshot before I went over to see how it worked and what the customers had to do.
I watched as a young man strapped 2 girls into their seat in the capsule. One of the straps went between their legs and clipped into one round their waists. I saw a white thong on 1 of the girls and what looked like nothing on the other girl's crotch. The young ride operator must have had a great view. Then I watched as they were slowly raised up then the capsule was flung high in the air to a chorus of their screams.
When they finally had their feet on the ground I watched as they were sold photographs of them screaming their heads off. The photos were taken from down low and could clearly see the white thong and the bare slit of the other girl.
There were 3 young men waiting to have a go so I stood behind them and waited.
The first 2 of them had their go then the third young man stepped forward. The operator started talking to him, mainly in Spanish but I got the impression that there had to be 2 people in the capsule. The young man looked disappointed and I knew that I'd have the same problem so I stepped forward and said that I'd go with him.
We paid our money then climbed into the capsule. The young man let me go first and as I climbed in the hem of my dress rode up revealing my bare butt and pussy to the young man and the operator. As I sat down I looked at them and saw that both of them were smiling.
I hadn't pulled my dress back into place when I sat down so it was still up round my waist which gave the operator a great view of my wet pussy when he strapped me in.
Yes, it was scary and yes I screamed, just as much as the 2 girls that I'd watched earlier, but boy, was it exhilarating. I was still on the adrenalin high when the operator young man showed us the photographs. The young man who had shared the capsule was grinning from ear to ear. I looked at the photos, I could see all of me below my waist and the flash of the camera had highlighted my nipples and the tits through the net of the dress. It was like I was totally naked.
"Well." I said to the young man, "I guess that you got 2 thrills for the price of 1."
"And how." He replied as he turned to compare the photo with the real thing.
I bought a copy as well.
Then I wandered over to the bumper cars and decided to have a go on them as well. It wasn't at all revealing but it was fun as I deliberately ignored the rules that were on signs all over the place, and I rammed my car into all the cars without kids in them.
There wasn't anything else there worth looking at so I headed back to the waterfall. On the way I saw a sign that gave me an idea as to what was going on, it was headed 'San Bartolomé Fiesta' and although I couldn't understand just about all of what was written, there were 2 dates on it, that day and the next.
By then I was starting to get a little hungry again so I looked for somewhere to eat. All the cafes around there were full so I headed up towards the church where I'd seen a couple of eating places. On the way I passed the KFC and was surprised to see that it was nearly empty so I went in and got some. There is nowhere to eat anything downstairs at that place but it does have a room over the shop. I went up.
I went to the little worktop near the huge window and went and stood eating and looking down at everyone out in the street. I'd got so used to being naked or nearly naked that I forgot that the people down on the street would be able to see up into the room and up my dress to my bare pussy. When I realised that I spread my feet to shoulder width and watched the people looking up at me. There wasn't many, but those (men) who did, stood and looked for a few seconds before walking on.
Whilst I was stood there in the bright lights, 2 quite happy young men came upstairs and when they saw what I was wearing, or nor wearing, they started with the comments about my butt. When I was finished I turned around and got more comments when the young men saw that they could clearly see my tits and slit.
Of course they tried to hit on me but all I wanted was for them to look and appreciate the sight. When 1 of them put a hand on 1 of my tits he instantly regretted it as I gave him a quick chop to his stomach. I nearly regretted doing that as for a couple of seconds I thought that all of his chicken, chips and a few beers, was going to be ejected from his stomach. Somehow he managed to keep it down and to the silence of both of them I went down the stairs and continued walking towards the church.
I was just about there when I remembered that I no longer need to go there, I'd just eaten at KFC, but there was something going on in the square outside the church so I went and had a look. It was more dancing in traditional costumes.
Not really being interested, I turned and headed back to the fountain area where more things were happening. One thing was some pole dancing, that surprised me a bit as it was hardly anything to do with Spanish history, but hey, I'm not an expert on Spanish history or culture, maybe they teach pole dancing in the schools.
Anyway, I watched that for a while and wondered if I could do it. I could just see me spinning round a pole, totally naked and lots of men watching. Maybe I could get a part-time job in a strip club. I decided to look into that when I get back home.
Then I saw flashing bright lights and a split second later loud bangs. I turned the same way as lots of people were doing and saw that there was a fireworks display over the harbour. All very pretty, but a bit meaningless to a girl who there for some fun.
I decided that my fun for the day was over and headed back to the hotel.
DAY 12
******
I woke up, alone on my bed. My right hand was on my wet pussy and I wondered what I had been dreaming about and whether or not I had masturbated in my sleep, and if I'd cum in my sleep as well. I got up and went out on the balcony where I found my room door key. I had stupidly put it there for 1 of the guys to use to wake me up with a fuck, but they'd be back in England by then.
There was no sign of anyone else moving into the room, nor of Dani and Wren. After taking a few breaths of the fresh air, and looking around to see anything, all I could see was a handful of people down by the pool, one young man looking up towards the naked me. I waved at him then turned and went to check the time.
It was only 8 o'clock and I had to decide what I was going to do that day. I still hadn't decided at the end of my bathroom routine where I again included shaving everywhere below my neck. Just because the guys had gone home didn't mean that I wanted any prickly stubble.
Donning my usual breakfast half sarong and flip flops I went for breakfast. Again, no one seemed bothered that I was topless and that my slit was on display, although you wouldn't think so unless you had a good look at me.
On my way back to my room I decided what I was going to do for the day. I was going to the beach but which one would be determined by the bus timetables. I packed a bag then put on my net micro skirt and a matching net tank top. I toyed with the idea of putting a thong or G string on, but instead put one of my G strings that splits as it covers my clit, pushing my clit out a bit further, into my bag, just in case.
Luke and the other 2 guys had got me to wear my hair in pigtails to help with me looking 10 years younger than I actually am, but the guys were back in England and I thought that if I left my hair down, in the adult style that I normally wear it, I might attract more attention, people not immediately dismissing me as a kid, so that's what I did.
Then came the nice part, I easily pushed my bullet vibrator into my always wet vagina and gave it a quick blast with the control then switched it off and I put the control in my bag.
With a tank top and a skirt on, I felt a bit over dressed as I walked out of the hotel and to the bus station, even though people didn't need to be that close to me to see through the net and see that I wore no bikini or underwear.
At the bus station I studied the timetables and worked out that it would be relatively easy to get to the Ses Salines beach. Two bus rides, and the San Antonio to Ibiza town buses were that frequent that I shouldn't be standing around for long. If this hadn't been so, I was just going to go to the Cala Conta beach.
I went and bought my ticket then went outside to wait. It was only 10 minutes and I sat and watched people coming and going hardly any of them even glancing over to me.
The bus to Ibiza town didn't take that long but it was boring, There weren't many people on it so I got a seat and enjoyed the scenery, and the vibrations from the bullet that I switched on to low speed.
I was just getting nice and horny when the bus stopped on a street in Ibiza town and everyone got off. I was a little confused as I'd expected there to be some sort of bus station like in San Antonio but apparently not. I found the bus stop for the L11 route to Salines quite easily, but the ticket office was a little harder to find.
As I walked around the busy side walk I got the odd strange look, and the odd smile but in general people just didn't realise how much they could see, if the cared to look. I guess that me just acting like my clothes had no holes in them helped as well.
The queue for the bus to Salines was quite long and I wondered if I'd manage to get on and I was stood in front of 2 young men who I guessed must have been gay because they hardly even looked at me.
I did manage to get on although I had to stand, which was what I wanted anyway. In the seats to 1 side of me was a young man and a young woman, the woman saw what she could see quite quickly and I saw her nudge her companion.
On the other side was again, a man and a woman, a bit older. It took the man a while to discover what he could see and he kept pointing to some things outside, then looking back to me. I got the impression that he was trying to distract the woman so that she didn't realise that he kept looking at a virtually naked girl.
Of course, I couldn't stand in 1 place for the whole journey, and I turned to face the opposite side of the bus about every 5 minutes.
When the bus got to the end of its journey everyone got off and most headed for the beach or the car park to walk along the tracks to wherever. I saw the 2 gays walking that way and guessed that they were going to the gays beach.
I headed straight for the little shop and bought a couple of bottles of water and some fruit. Again, everyone was in their own little bubble and took no notice of the nearly naked small girl.
As soon as my feet touched the sand I stopped and stripped naked. The boring prudes were going to see a naked 22 year old girl. Just to add to my excitement, as I put my skirt and top into my bag, I switched my little bullet on.
I jerked a bit as the initial vibration hit me then I sighed as started to enjoy the pleasure that it was giving me.
As I walked along, I was doing 2 things, firstly watching to see who was watching me, and secondly, thinking about where I was going to spread my towel. Yes I got a few looks, mainly from men, but the odd, odd woman as well. Why people would go to a beach in glorious sunshine and want to keep some clothes on, I will never know. I mean why do half a job when you can easily do the job properly, and that's not to mention the amazing, feeling of being naked and swimming naked. It just seems so natural to me and so pointless not to do it.
Anyway, I decided to spend some time just after the first cafe, where I'd been a 'practice body', and spread my towel close to the water's edge.
My bullet was doing a good job of increasing my arousal level as I lay down, on my back with my legs spread wide. My inner thighs were still not as tanned as the rest of my body.
I was just laying there, eyes closed, and thinking about how my body would react when the building orgasm hit me when I heard a voice say,
"You look like you could do with some sunblock on young lady, would you like me to do you for it, I mean do it for you?"
I opened my eyes and looked up to see 2 young male faces looking down at me.
"What? Err, yes please, that would be nice thank you. I was just thinking the same myself."
They started with the small talk as I turned onto my stomach and got the bottle of sunblock out of my bag.
"Everywhere please." I said as I handed the bottle to 1 of them," and wondered if they'd take what I said literally.
Well they did take me literally whilst I was on my stomach. One of them started on my arms and back and the other on the backs of my legs, easing my legs apart as he did so. He would have been getting a great view of my wet pussy.
Their hands met at my butt and without asking, they both massage the cream into my cheeks, spreading them as they went. After some over-kill on my butt one of them said,
"Would you like to do your front yourself, or would you like us to do it for you?"
"Would you please?" I replied as I turned over and lay slightly spread eagled for them.
They were knelt either side if me, one of them blocking the view of my body from the prudes, not that I would have minded some of the prudes rubbing the cream all over my naked body, and they both managed to complete my arms and legs at the same time, the guy working on my legs had managed to avoid touching my pussy although he had got close a couple of times.
All that remained to do was my torso and neither of them asked if it was okay to do my tits or my pussy. My eyes were shut, enjoying the sensation, and the bullet's vibrations, when I felt 2 hands on each of my tits. The guy working on my left tit knew how to pleasure me best, but the other guy wasn't that bad. I moaned as I felt my nipples being rolled and pulled and twisted.
Again, their work was over-kill but I wasn't complaining.
They moved down to my stomach and hips and I moaned again as they got perilously close to my bald pubes and the top of my slit.
I spread my legs even wider, letting them know that it was okay to continue, and just 2 hands working on the insides of my thighs and my pussy. The 2 spare hands were back on my tits.
One set of fingers started rubbing my clit whilst the other set down there, started massaging the entrance to my hole whilst my nipples were also getting pleasurable treatment.
What with those 4 hands, and the bullet inside me, it wasn't long before the orgasm hit me. Just before it arrived I wondered if the fingers inside me had felt the bullet and the vibrations. I know that I felt it move a little deeper in me.
The 2 guys kept working on me until my body settle down, then stopped. I would have been quite happy for them to continue, but they didn't. Instead they stopped and leaned back on their heels and 1 of then said,
"There you go lady, all done."
"Thank you guys, I always have trouble doing my back. Maybe I'll see you around." I replied, hinting that they could go now."
There was silence for a few seconds then they got to their feet.
"It was our pleasure. We'll be up by the next cafe if you need any more on."
"Thank you guys, it was my pleasure too."
I watched them walk away wondering if they were annoyed that I had dismissed them like that, and if they were hoping to be able to fuck me with their cocks, not just their fingers.
I soon forgot them as I got up onto my feet and went for a quick swim. As I swam on my back I remembered the 3 guys pulling me onto their cocks as I floated on my back. The little bullet was still vibrating away and had kept my arousal level up.
Not wanting to find that the battery didn't last long I got out of the water, knelt on my towel then leaned forward to go into my bag to turn the bullet off.
Just as I found the control I heard a whistle from behind me. I put my head down to the towel and looked between my spread thighs to see what I could see. What I saw was a young man stood there, less than 2 metres behind me, and looking at my butt.
I smiled to myself and really took my time turning the vibe off then closing my bag, before turning over I spent ages adjusting the towel and brushing every grain of sand off it.
Finally, I stood up, turned round and lowered myself to the towel. I lay back on my elbows with my knees and feet well apart. The man was still staring so I smiled at him.
I'm sure that if I'd said anything to him he would have come over to me but I wasn't at the beach to pick up anyone, I was there to show off my body and improve my tan.
I slid my elbows forward and dropped onto my back.
That sun was awesome, I could have stayed there for hours. The sun, the sea, the sand, the peace and quiet (apart from the waves), the lack of clothes; just what I needed for a few hours.
And that's what I did, just lay there for about 3 hours, only moving to turn over or get a drink of water. Of course I lay with my legs wide open all the time, wanting to tan my inner thighs, and for most of the time I didn't even bother looking to see if anyone was looking at my spread pussy, I just didn't care.
Then I started to feel a little hungry so I picked up my bag, leaving my towel to claim my 'spot', and went to the beach cafe. Again, no one seemed to care that I was totally naked and I got a snack and a cold drink. I sat at a table to eat. There was a middle-aged couple sat in front of me and the woman kept giving me filthy looks but her male partner spent most of the time looking at me and smiling. I made sure to let him have a few seconds looking at my slit when I got up to leave.
Back at my towel I decided that I needed a little exercise so I packed my towel and started walking further along the beach. As I got to where just about everyone was totally naked I heard a couple of women gasping, and 1 English speaking woman say,
"Tina, look at that."
I looked around and saw a man in his late twenties or early thirties, walking out of the water. He was quite handsome, but that wasn't what people were looking at, it was his cock. He was some sort of freak of nature. I've never seen a cock that big, not even in the few porno movies that I've seen. It was a good 30 centimetres long and as thick as my wrist, and it was flaccid.
I couldn't stop my jaw from dropping and my legs from not moving. My eyes followed his swinging cock as he walked passed me and sat on a towel next to an attractive young woman, a small, attractive woman. I didn't know what to feel for that woman. Was she the luckiest woman alive or what? My pussy oozed my juices at the thought of trying to take that monster. I just knew that I'd be sore for a week if I tried.
Shock over, I started walking again and felt a little sorry for the other men around, they must be feeling so inadequate. Then I wondered what monster cock was thinking, did he think that he was some sort of freak, or did he think that he was God's gift to women. Judging by the way he was showing it to everyone, the latter I decided.
Putting my flip flops on, I walked up the rocky hill and along the edge of the 'cliffs'. I soon saw the little beach where the guys had all fucked me and thought about going down there and masturbating as I remembered what they did to me.
I didn't. Instead I kept walking, ignoring the stares of the clothed people walking both ways on the sort of path.
Eventually I came to what looked like an old lighthouse. I looked around and decided that it would have been a good place for a lighthouse to warn shipping and I smiled at how technology had changed the world.
There were a couple of cars parked at the lighthouse but no sign of the occupants so I kept walking. The rocks were flatter and before long I came to what I recognised as the start of the gay's beach.
I stopped for a drink of water and watched as 2 men, holding hands, disappeared into the dunes.
Not particularly wanting to see the sight that I imagined was about to happen, I looked around and saw the path into the woods that I seemed to remember would take me to the car park. I couldn't make up my mind if I'd had enough sun for the day or not but going to the car park didn't mean the end of the sun so off I set.
Okay, I know that 1 or 2 of the handful of people who read my stories will think that I was stupid walking into a wooded area, totally naked, but you have to remember that I am a karate black belt and that I can run fast. Also, this isn't London and 99.99 percent of people, including the tourists, in Ibiza would never even consider attacking a naked young girl. Anyway, I was happy to take my chances if it meant me getting seen by more people.
I did come across a few people as I walked to the car park, and as expected, none of them tried to rape me, the most that I got from any of them was 1 elderly man who said,
"Guten Tag." which I believe translates to good afternoon.
I smiled at him.
In the car park I wandered in and out of the rows of cars and got seen by only a handful of people. Feeling a bit brave, I did 2 things. Firstly I went into my bag and switched my bullet on to medium; and secondly, I turned and walked to the vehicular exit, the old man there not even looking at me. Then I walked down the side of the road to the roundabout.
Okay, I'd done that before with Luke, but I was now on my own, I felt more vulnerable, more exposed, no one to hide behind.
Cars were leaving and arriving and going within centimetre of me, one with some young men in it beeping their horn at me.
At the roundabout I turned left towards the bus terminus and the little shop. Unfortunately, there was no sign of a bus but there was a handful of people hanging around, probably waiting for a bus to arrive.
After all that walking I needed a drink, I had a bottle of water in my bag but that wouldn't be very adventurous so I walked straight into the little shop and went over to their fridge where I picked up a bottle of cola. There was no one in the shop except for me and the girl behind the counter. Her mouth was open as I walked up to her, put the bottle down and got my purse out of my bag. She was still looking a bit shocked after she'd taken my money and given me my change.
I smiled as I walked out and sat on the curb to drink the cola.
I saw a young couple (male and female) looking at me and I knew that they could see every detail of my pussy, except for the bullet vibrating inside it, but I just ignored them as they stood staring at me.
When the bottle was empty I got up, put it in the bin then walked over the road and down onto the beach. I saw a couple of jet-skis parked at the water's edge and walked over to them.
Whilst I was remembering the fucking that Luke gave me on one of them, a young man came up to me and asked me if I wanted to hire one. When I turned to see him it was a different young man to the previous time, and he was looking me up and down.
I smiled and replied,
"Yes, why not, I had a great time last time I was on one so why not."
"So you've been on one before?"
"Yes, the other day, here."
"Oh yes, Matt told me about the naked girl, I guess that that was you."
"Possibly, it depends on how many naked girls you get hiring one of your jet-skis."
"Not many, unfortunately. So do you want to hire one?"
"Yes please."
"Come on up to the hut and we'll sort things out for you."
I followed him to the hut and paid him then asked him if I could leave my bag in the hut. Then he handed me a life-vest.
"Can you managed fastening it?"
"Yes, but have you got one without the bottom strap, the one I wore the other day was uncomfortable, kept rubbing me. Way too hard for my delicate skin."
The young man looked down to my pussy and I was sure that he was imagining my delicate skin.
"Sorry, they all have those straps, stop them riding up and coming off."
"Tell you what, lets not bother with the life-vest, I'm a good swimmer and I have no intention of going fast. You don't see as much when you're going fast."
"True, but are you sure, everyone who hires a jet-ski is supposed to wear one, insurance condition."
"I won't tell anyone if you won't."
"Okay then, it's a good job that the boss isn't around, he wouldn't let you go without one."
"Then it's a good job that he's not here to see me."
The young man was just standing looking at me, obviously deep in thought. I let him think about whatever for a few seconds then asked him if we could go.
"Oh, yes, sorry, I was just thinking about the boss seeing you."
I giggled and wondered if he should have finished his sentence by adding 'using a jet-ski without a life-vest'.
We walked back to the waters edge and he pushed one of the jet-skis backwards until it was floating. I climbed on and stood with one foot either side of the seat letting him look at my pussy as he strapped the kill switch chord to my wrist. It was only a velco strap but for some reason he found it difficult to get it right on my wrist. Probably because he wasn't looking at what he was doing.
He was finally satisfied and he then pushed the jet-ski back and turned it round. Before I sat down I bent forward to look at the fuel gauge.
"Has it got enough fuel in it, the gauge is showing empty."
I stayed bent over, knowing that he was getting a good look at my butt and spread pussy. It took him a few seconds before he told me that the gauge was broken and that there was plenty of fuel in it.
I sat down and started the engine before slowly driving away from him. Then I opened the throttle and headed for all the yachts that were anchored in the bay.
Not going very fast, I zig zagged in and out of all of the boats, getting quite close to those where I saw people on them, waving back to those who waved to me.
As I got more confident, I started steering the jet-ski with one hand and rubbing my pussy with the other hand. I regretted turning my bullet off as I put my bag down in the jet-ski hire hut, it would have been nice to have an orgasm whilst I was zooming about out there.
Finally, I saw the young man on the beach waving to me so I headed back to him. As I slowly drifted to him I stood up so that he could see my pussy again. He'd put his hand out to stop the jet-ski but it hit him on his knee because he wasn't looking at where his hand was, his eyes were much higher.
I smiled as I slowly lifted a leg over then dropped into the water right in front of him.
"Did you enjoy that?" He asked.
"Yes thank you, but it's not as much fun as when there's a man sitting behind you and holding on to you."
"I'll bet."
"I'll go and get my bag then."
I started walking up the beach and I could hear him walking behind me. I started swaying my butt from side to side a bit just to tease him some more.
Picking up my bag I said goodbye the walked towards the clothed people, swaying my butt as I walked.
As I walked in front of the sad people, a couple of young boys ran out from the tightly packed people and both ran straight in to me.
"Sorry." they both said as they manoeuvred themselves around me, not even noticing, or not caring, that I was totally naked.
As I walked on I remembered a woman who had covered her little boy's eyes when she'd seen that I was naked.
"Stupid woman." I thought, "the kid don't give a damn that I'm naked, stop poisoning his brain with all those prudish ideas."
All too soon I was passed the sad people and deciding what to do next. Looking around I realised that quite a few people were leaving so I checked my phone, yes it was getting on but I decided to do a bit more sunbathing before heading back to the hotel.
I spread my towel and lay on my back, again spreading my legs wide.
I must have dozed off because I suddenly became aware that the number of people around me had reduced quite a bit so I went for a quick swim then dried myself and headed towards the bus terminus.
When I got there I decided that I should really put some clothes on so I got the net skirt and net top out of my bag and put them on. The number of people waiting for the bus was quite large and I wondered if I'd manage to get on.
As I waited I saw a few people notice that my clothes were see-though and I silently laughed at the woman who gave me a disapproving look.
I did managed to get on, a man following me up the steps making me wonder if he likes what was almost in his face. The young driver smiled at me as I bought my ticket.
The 30 or so minute journey was uneventful although the man and a woman who were sat either side of the standing me, did look at me but not for long, I wondered if they were embarrassed.
In Ibiza town everyone got off the bus and disappeared into the crowds leaving me standing there trying to decide if I wanted to go straight back to San Antonio or go for a wander around the town. I knew that the buses ran late into the night but that didn't bother me because I'd brought enough money to get a taxi back if I needed to.
I saw a cafe up the road and decided that an ice cream and a cold drink was in order.
Sat at a table outside with my knees apart and pussy on display, I was surprised, and disappointed, at the lack of tourists walking around. Everyone looked to be locals rushing to and from their place of work, and quite like London, with blinkers on so that all they see is what's straight ahead of them, what they expect to see, and nothing else.
After the ice cream I started walking in the direction that I hoped the centre of town was. It felt so good being virtually naked on the streets of a big town but so disappointing that just about no one looked at me. The lack of voyeurs gave me the courage to walk further, I wondered if I was subconsciously walking to somewhere where more people would look at me. I got a tingle and a wet rush in my pussy and realised that I was doing just that.
By then the sun was going down which meant that there was less chance of anyone seeing through my skirt and top but I kept going and I turned a corner and saw the harbour and all the boats and people. Thankfully there was quite a few street lights and as I mingled my pussy tingled a bit more.
There was still an acute shortage of people realising that they could see through my clothes but it still felt nice knowing that all people had to do was look for more than a split second and they'd see my tits and butt and pussy.
Most of the people were walking one way so I went with them and soon found myself next to restaurants and in narrow streets with little shops and bars.
I picked a bar and went in for a drink. It was quite dark inside so my near nudity wasn't at all obvious. I bought a drink and went and sat at a table just outside the door. As the time got later I realised that the number of people walking about in 'unusual' attire had increased.
Men dressed as women with tons of makeup, women wearing less than me, and just plain crazily dressed people started appearing. So did lots of people heading into all the bars. The place soon became a hive of people drinking and having (presumably) a good time.
When 2 girls wearing nothing but micro skirts and heels walked by I got up and followed them. They went into a little bar where there was more scantily dressed girls and quite a few men.
No sooner than I had entered the door than I felt a hand on my butt. I stopped dead in my tracks and the hand went down then up inside my skirt.
"Wow, this place is fun." I thought as the hand explored between my cheeks then down to my butt hole.
A finger twisted its way inside my butt then the finger fucked me a couple of times before withdrawing and moving to my vagina where it found that it was much easier to get inside me.
After finger fucking me for a minute or so the finger withdrew. I turned my head to see who the finger belonged to but there was 3 or 4 men behind me. I smiled and thought that it was like being on the London underground at rush hour.
I slowly made my way to the bar, stopping 2 more times as hands went up my very short skirt and invaded either, or both of my holes.
It was when I made it to the bar that I remembered that I still had my little bullet inside me. It wasn't switched on but the fingers must have touched it. I wondered what they thought.
It took a while to get served and during that time a few hands went up my skirt and up my top. By the time I got served I was quite close to cumming and the barman must have recognised the signs because he had a big grin on his face.
Over the next couple of hours my 2 lower holes got invaded about a dozen times and my tits mauled just as many times; and I orgasmed twice.
I was feeling happy and tired when I finally left that bar. I had to lean on a wall and take a few deep breaths before I could think about getting back to the hotel. The thing was, I hadn't a clue where I was, or how to get to the bus station. In the end I just walked until I could flag down a taxi and got the driver to take me to San Antonio.
By the time I got out of the taxi I was feeling a bit more energetic. I could hear, and see some more fireworks going off so I walked passed the roundabout with that strange egg shaped lump of concrete, and into the 'square' where there was quite a lot of activity. I wandered around then deciding that none of it was very interesting, I turned and headed back to the hotel.
Back in my room I showered then lay on my bed with the control to my bullet in my hand.
After letting the bullet bring me to 2 very nice orgasms I switched it off and went to sleep.