Here's a tale that I've been working on for way too long of a time, so I finally cut it short and submitted it. There's no sex in this part, but plenty of show n tell. Part two will definitely get steamy: it's already written (in my head, not on paper). So bear with me...
*****
By the time Mike arrived at the entrance to the park, the sun was already warming up the cool morning. It felt like it was going to be another hot day.
Before heading out, Mike checked his backpack one more time. He had taken the trip so many times that it almost felt automatic, but he wanted to make sure that he had everything he needed for the day.
Mike was going to what he thought of as his private lake. It was by no means his; it was totally on somebody else's property. And it wasn't really even private, although more often than not Mike was the only person there. He had spent many summer days over the years at the lake, just relaxing, reading, sleeping, and, if he was alone, skinny dipping.
The park was a little-used entrance to a state park. It ran alongside a creek that entered the river. Once at the river the path turned left and followed the river upstream about 3 miles to the main part of the park. Most people parked in that main area and were most likely not even aware that this part of the park existed. But locals knew about it and teenagers would often party alongside the water. After a kid almost drowned in the creek, the park service posted 'No Swimming' and 'Stay on the Path' signs. Of course, it took a couple of arrests, which consisted of escorting the teen to the park headquarters and having a parent come to pick them up, before the rules were followed. Rangers on horseback still patrol the park, looking for anybody that might be inclined to ignore the posted rules.
Mike was guilty of that. Before the creek got to the river, he looked around, making sure that there was no ranger in sight, and then quickly crossed over to the other side, following a path of stones to avoid getting wet. Once across the creek, he ducked into the thick woods, no longer needing to worry about the rangers.
The path through the woods was easy to follow, once you knew what to look for. After a short hike, Mike came to a chain link fence. This marked the end of the park property and the beginning of private land. Enough hikers knew of this path that the fence had a big hole cut out of it; it was easy to crouch through to get to the other side.
The land that Mike was now on belonged to a private school. This was the type of school that highly paid double income executives and high-level government employees sent their kids to. Children of senators, congressmen, and cabinet members attended the day school. In previous administrations, the President and Vice President had enrolled their sons and daughters.
The school had a lot of property. The buildings stood up to the top of the hill, and probably had a great view of the river below. It was so far back, however, that the lake that was Mike's destination could not be seen from above. And, as far as he knew, the school never used the lake. The only time he had ever been aware that he was on their property was when one day he could hear kids playing up the hill. At the time he assumed it was a special event, as he had never heard from them again.
After crossing through the fence, Mike continued on the path, and after another short walk, he was at the lake. Actually, he was in front of a big rock formation. If you didn't know the area you might not have guessed that there was a lake there, as it was cut out right in the middle of the rocks.
He didn't immediately climb up the rocks, but instead followed a route around the formation. He knew that coming in this way would lead him up to 'his rock', a large flat outcropping that had shade from the woods towards the back, sun towards the front, safe water to jump into and fairly easy access back out of the water.
As he approached, Mike heard voices and splashing. "Great," he thought, "so much for peace and quiet." But, as he got closer, he realized that those were female voices. Curious about this, he cut through the woods until he had a view of the lake. And sure enough, there were two girls in the water, not really making a lot of noise, but with the relative silence around them and knowing how easily sound travels over water, any noise seemed amplified. Still, he couldn't make out what they were talking about. From his distance, he also couldn't make out much about their appearance but did see a couple of things. First, one was a blonde, blonde enough that he could tell even though she had wet hair. The other had darker hair, probably auburn. And, more importantly, when they raised themselves out of the water, he saw that they were topless. Mike hoped they were skinny dipping. He couldn't tell for sure so he took his time in admiring their breasts. One of the two, the blonde with the long hair, was full breasted and the other, with her red hair cut short, was much less endowed.
He watched as they climbed out of the lake and could finally tell that they were not totally naked. They both had their panties on; the shorter girl, with short hair, was wearing what looked like boy shorts, and the taller girl, with the long hair, was wearing very skimpy panties. Mike continued watching until he saw where they were sitting, and then crept back out of the woods to the path. He knew that his rock was lower and to the far left of where the girls were, and he would probably be able to settle in there without being noticed, especially if the girls remained sitting. If they stood up and looked around they would most likely be able to see him.
When Mike got to his rock he saw that he was correct; that he could not see the girls. He thought about it for a bit and then decided that, regardless of their presence, he was going to continue on with what he normally did. He unpacked his two bottles of water and two cans of beer and took them down to the water's edge. Over his past visits, he had fashioned a 'holding area' under a rock overhang so the beverages would stay cool. Then he unpacked his towel, stripped off his shirt and shorts, and laid down to sunbathe.
After a while the sun got the better of him; he needed to cool off in the lake. He couldn't tell if the other visitors were still there. If so, they were being quiet. He knew that he wouldn't be able to swim without getting noticed but he decided to hell with it and lept into the water.
He swam out to the middle of the lake. Out of the corner of his eyes, he could see that the girls were still there. As he turned back and began to swim toward the shore, one of the girls shouted out.
"Hey!"
He wanted to act unaware, so he stopped and looked around, shading his eyes from the sun.
She yelled out again "Up here!"
He turned and waved. It was the shorter girl. She had put on a t-shirt.
"Sorry! I thought I was alone."
She shouted back "No problems. We're just enjoying the view."
Mike, ignoring her possible double entendre, responded "We?"
In response to his question, the other girl stood up and waved. "Hi!"
He replied "Oh, hi! You guys picked a beautiful day to be out here." And, not wanting to appear over anxious, he said "Enjoy it!" and turned back to shore.
Mike knew their eyes were most likely on him as he got out of the water. They could have seen that he was naked as he swam, but soon enough they were going to get the full picture. He kept his back to them as much as possible for now. The lake was fed by some underground stream so the water was always cool. Because of the water temperature, he was pretty sure that he had some 'shrinkage'. And since there is never a chance to re-make the first impression, he decided that he didn't want to give them a clear view. When he got up to his rock, he turned his head back toward the girls. The smaller girl was still standing and was indeed watching him. He waved once more. She waved back and dropped out of view. He lay down on his towel, face down for now.
As the sun warmed him up, Mike thought about his current situation. He had been naked in public many times before, here at the lake of course, as well as a couple of times at a nearby clothing optional beach. In both places, he observed that the generally accepted practice was to not blatantly stare at the other sun worshippers. Sure, a subtle, occasional glance here and there was to be expected, but now, here at the lake, these girls were far from being subtle. In a strange way, Mike felt like he could almost understand what it felt like to be a girl, getting constantly checked out by guys. He had never been in this type of situation; he almost felt a bit demeaned by being looked at as if he was just a piece of meat.
But, on the other hand, Mike felt a bit of a sexual rush that he had shown his body to complete strangers and that they apparently enjoyed looking. At least the smaller girl enjoyed; he wasn't so sure about the other girl.
He knew that he was nothing special to look at. At the most, you could say that he was average in many aspects; average height, weight proportional, average dirty brown hair, not especially attractive, but certainly far from being unattractive. He stayed active and he had some muscle definition but was far from being a bodybuilder. His legs were long and lean, his butt was firm. He had body hair where one would expect to have body hair, but he was not a furry guy. His cock? It was just average, in length and size, although he did keep that area shaved bare.
Mike was ready to roll over. His backside was dry and he felt that his cock had overcome any issues from the cold water. But before he just flipped over, he put some thought into the move. He wanted his neighbors to see him, but he wasn't quite ready to show a spread eagle full Monty in front of them. So he rolled over onto his side, where they'd be able to see more of him and, if he decided to open his eyes, he'd be able to see them as well. For the time being, he was going to keep them closed; he liked the idea that they would think that he wasn't aware of them looking.
Eventually, curiosity got the best of him and he ventured a look. He barely opened his eyes and was glad to see, as he had hoped, that he was indeed being watched. Once again it was the shorter girl, and she wasn't just taking a quick peek, she was really staring. As he watched, she turned and apparently said something to the other girl, who stood up, took a cursory glance at him, and then sat back down. "Oh well" thought Mike, "Can't please everybody."
As he wasn't in a very comfortable position, he sat up. He was thirsty, so he climbed down to the water's edge where he had stored his water and beer. Grabbing one of each, he climbed back to his rock. No sooner than he had popped open the beer, he heard a voice call out.
"Hey there!"
He turned and saw it was the smaller girl, again.
"Hey there yourself!" he replied.
"Do you have any water to spare? We're all out over here."
"Sure." Mike replied, then made like he about to throw her the bottle.
"NO!" she shouted, then "Can we come over and join you?"
Mike was surely interested in getting a better look at these two and, perhaps, vice versa. An idea popped into his head and before he could think it through he said "Sure. But you need to be aware that this rock is designated as clothing optional."
That term seemed to confuse her.
"Clothing what?" she said.
The other girl spoke up and said "Optional. No clothes allowed. Nudie."
At this, the short girl said "Oh, naked... well, that's obvious. We'll be right over."
Mike could hear them as they climbed off of their perch and went back through the woods. He debated whether he should get dressed or stay naked, but, at the last moment, he decided to throw on his shorts. He sat back down and was sipping his beer as they came out of the woods onto his rock.
"Hey there!" Apparently, this was the smaller girl's standard greeting.
Mike stood up and replied, once again "Hey there yourself!"
She gave him a quick once over and said "I thought you said that clothes were ... Em, what was that word?"
"Optional... Clothing optional," replied Em.
"Right, clothing optional. What gives?"
Mike smiled and said "Well, optionally, I'm topless. What gives with you?"
Em chimed in "Yeah Marie, what gives?"
Marie was quick to respond. She said "I can do topless!", and, without any hesitation, she pulled her T-shirt off.
She wasn't wearing a bra; she really didn't have much need for one. When Mike had watched her from a distance, he had thought that she was 'under-endowed', but now, at close range, he realized that he was wrong. While her breasts were definitely on the small side, they were very well formed; nicely rounded and pert, with pale pink nipples pointing out, surrounded by slightly darker pink areolae. Marie had a deep tan, and the pale triangles of untanned breasts, which showed that her bathing suit would have left little to the imagination, actually helped to accentuate her chest. Mike's immediate thought was that she would have to watch out for getting her nipples burnt, but he didn't bring that up. His second thought, far less practical, was that she was pretty damn cute. She was probably barely over 5 feet tall but was well proportioned. Her shorts showed off legs that were toned and very shapely, leading up to what he would call a bubble butt. And, from what he could tell so far, her personality could also be described as bubbly, even though he could already tell that she didn't seem to have a filter; she'd do and say whatever she felt like. He was a bit enthralled and thought that she'd be a fun gal to hang out with.
Again, without any hesitation, Marie walked up to Mike and took the beer out of his hands. She told him thanks and took a couple of hearty swigs.
She let out a burp. She giggled and said "Oops", then "So, nature boy, I'm Marie, and that lovely, if perhaps overdressed woman there is Emma. Do tell, what is your name?"
Mike introduced himself to the ladies. He had a troubling thought that needed clearing up. He asked them "I'm not going to get arrested for supplying alcohol to minors am I?"
Both Em and Marie smiled. Marie spoke up first "No, Mike, we are perfectly legal. Not to worry - we won't be calling the authorities on you." Then she turned to Em and said "I meant it when I said you were overdressed." Turning back to me she added, "Don't you agree?"
While he would have liked to see her topless, he didn't want to seem pushy. "It's totally optional. If you don't feel comfortable then.."
Marie cut him off. "Oh, she'll be just fine. Come on Em, lose the shirt." adding "Unless, of course, you're afraid."
If looks could kill, Marie would have been close to death. I seemed that Em didn't like to be given a challenge. Or, perhaps Marie held some sort of power over her. Either way, she reached down and started to remove her t-shirt.
Mike could already tell that she also was not wearing a bra. He had noticed her tits swinging beneath the shirt as she had come up to his rock, and her nipples were pretty clearly defined. And, as she lifted her shirt up, they momentarily got caught on the material, and then bounced free.
The two girls were a study in contrasts, although they were each attractive. Marie was short, Em was much taller, probably close to Mike's height. Marie had her cute small tits, compared with Em's much fuller breasts. Marie had small, pink nipples and areolae, while Em's areolae were much darker and her nipples were very large. Em had shoulder-length hair, dirty blonde and possibly not natural, but Marie's, which looked naturally red, was cut very short. And as far as personality went, Marie was very outgoing while Em seemed a bit standoffish.
"So, do you have anything else to drink?" Marie had finished off what was left of the beer.
Mike offered her the bottle of water, and then went down to the edge of the water to get the other beverages. Back at the rock, he offered them to the girls. Em took the water while Marie grabbed for the beer.
"By any chance were you a boy scout?" asked Marie. Mike replied "Nope. Why?"
'Well, you sure are prepared!" Marie laughed.
"I come here a lot and I know what I need to bring. If I had known I'd be having company I would have packed better."
He took out his pre-rolled joint and started to light it up. "Do you mind?"
Off course it was Marie that spoke up first. She said, "As long as you're sharing!" Then she looked over at Em, who replied: "I'd love to, but I've got to work later tonight and really can't show up high." Mike replied that it was a very mellow high, but he understood her concern.
After he took his first hit, he passed the joint over to Marie and asked Em what she did.
"I'm a nanny," she replied. "We both are."
Marie exhaled and said "But I'm off for the week. My family went to Disney. They offered to take me along, but I'm really enjoying having the house to myself."
Marie passed the joint to Em, who hesitantly took a very little puff, and exhaled it almost immediately, then passed it back to Mike.
He said "Yeah, I'm prepared. But I've got to ask why you guys aren't. No water, no towels, nothing. What were you thinking?"
Em answered "We didn't know we'd end up at an oasis like this. We just started out on a walk and kept on going. Actually, we were just about to turn around when we spotted these rocks and decided we'd climb up for a scenic selfie."
Mike didn't understand how they could have found this place by accident, but after Marie explained more, it became apparent. They had left their car at a park far downstream, and then hiked up along the river, not through the woods. He wasn't even aware that there was a path that went that way.
Marie exhaled a plume of smoke and said "Actually the path disappeared pretty quickly. We just followed the river." She smiled, and then added, "I'm not looking forward to the hike back, but I'm feeling no pain now."
Mike explained that he only had a short hike back to his car, and then had an idea. "I'd be glad to drive you back to your car. It's less than a mile back to where I parked."
Marie didn't hesitate. "I'll drink to that!" she exclaimed and did indeed take another hearty swig. Mike took the bottle away and finished it off.
So with no more beer and just a roach left, Mike decided that he wanted to go back into the water. He knew that it meant that he would be stripping down in front of them. He hoped that he wouldn't be the only one naked, but, either way, he was going to be. He thought "It's now or never."
He announced, "I'm going back in the water." He hoped his voice didn't give away his nervousness; whether it was from actually getting naked or from the bit of sexual rush he was feeling, at the moment it didn't matter.
Mike unsnapped his shorts and started to unzip, and, with just a slight pause, he asked: "Do you want to join me?" He dropped his shorts without waiting for an answer. He watched both girls drop their gaze down to his crotch, then smiled, turned around, walked to the edge of the rock, and jumped in.
Mike surfaced and turned back towards his rock. Both Em and Marie had stood up and been watching him. He shouted at them "Well?"
Marie turned to look at Em and then turned back to Mike down below. She hooked her thumbs into her shorts and pulled them down. She still had on her panties. He called back up "It's not really called skinny dipping unless you're naked."
That was all the prompting she needed. She pulled her panties off, struck a pose with her arms outstretched, and said "Ta Da!" She turned briefly towards Em, then turned back towards Mike and jumped off.
Mike only had a quick view of her before she jumped, but he could see that she had a full bush, and indeed was a true redhead.
Marie surfaced close to Mike and then shouted up to Em. "We haven't got all day. Clothing optional, remember?"
Em seemed hesitant to undress any further, but, once again, peer pressure seemed to get to her. She bent over and took off her shorts. That was enough for her, as she walked to the edge and jumped off.
When she surfaced, Marie splashed water at her and called her a chicken. A water fight ensued, and, after Em gave up, she swam over to the edge. She reached down and removed her panties, leaving them on the rock ledge.
"Happy now?" she asked Marie.
Marie responded with "I am... Mike, are you happy now?"
He replied "Don't bring me into this. But, if I may say so, I am very much happy swimming au naturel with two lovely ladies."
Marie said "Au naturel?" And, once again, Em replied "Nudie!"
They swam around for a while, occasionally splashing each other playfully. Eventually, Em said she was getting out and headed in towards the rocks, then rose out of the water, flashing her ass at the other two. She picked up her panties and squeezed some water out of them, then put them back on, struggling a bit to keep her balance and pull on the wet panties.
"And that's why I go commando on 'swimming hole' days," Mike said, "just one less thing to deal with."
Em, now with her boy shorts back on, struggled to climb up the rocks. Mike swam over and directed her to an easier place to get out. He got out first then turned to lend her a hand. Her wet panties were almost see-through, offering very little coverage. Mike could see that she had dark pubic hair, confirming his theory that she wasn't a true blonde, and apparently had done some grooming. He thought "Panties or no panties, this is one attractive lady." As this was the first time Mike had been fully exposed, Em was also doing some looking but trying to be casual about it. She took a quick glance down at his cock, then turned and started to climb back up to the rock. Mike watched her ass as she struggled with the first couple of steps.
Once Em found her footing, Mike turned back to the water. Marie was standing, with water up to her waist, holding out her hand as if she wanted some help as well.
Mike leaned forward to grab her hand. Marie pulled it away quickly, leaving Mike grabbing empty air. She laughed and then reached out to grab him. He steadied her as she climbed out.
Both Mike and Marie took their time checking each other out. Marie's eyes were immediately drawn to Mike's cock. She had never seen a shaven set of cock and balls; it excited her. And Mike's eyes swept over her chest and continued further down. Marie's pussy hair was matted down and too thick to show anything more. Mike realized that he was staring, so he directed his glance back up her. He saw that she was still checking him out, so he said "Ahem..." and laughed.
Marie broke out of her glance. She held her hand out, her index finger and thumb extended. As she said "It looks like that water was a bit cold for you, no?" she shortened the distance between her fingers and pointed her hand towards Mikes cock.
He understood what she was implying. And she was correct; the coolness of the water had shrunk his cock a little. But he came right back with "It sure does feel a bit nippy." As he said this he repeated Marie's movements in reverse, lengthening the distance between his finger and thumb. He smiled and pointed to her nipples, which did indeed seem a bit distended.
She looked down at herself and smiled. She covered her nipples with just a couple of fingers and said: "They'll warm up." Mike covered his dick with his hands and replied: "And so will this." Marie smiled, said "Well I certainly hope so.", and turned to climb back up.
Mike followed up after her, his sights set on her lovely ass and occasional flashes of her furry crotch. Marie was obviously aware of this and paused to turn back at him.
"Enjoying the view?" she asked.
He knew he was busted but tried to act his way out. He smiled and then turned back towards the water.
"Oh yeah, very beautiful scenery," he said, and thought to himself "but perhaps too much shrubbery."
Marie smiled back and continued the climb back up.
When they reached the rock they saw that Em had already commandeered Mike's towel, the only one they had. She was laying face up on it, still topless and still in her wet panties. She spoke up, saying that they had better be thinking of leaving soon.
Mike could see that Marie was visibly pissed at Em. He didn't know exactly why but thought it was either because of her taking the towel or suggesting that it was time to leave.
"We'll leave just as soon as I dry off," she said, "and not a minute sooner." Mike tried to mediate the situation and added: "I always let the sun dry me off anyway; one less wet towel to carry back."
He pulled a granola bar from his backpack and offered it to the girls. Em, now just lying there with her eyes closed, didn't respond, but Marie said she'd split it with him. They sat down opposite each other.
Marie spoke first. "Thanks for being so nice to us. I really appreciate it. And I'm sorry if we're upsetting your normal routine."
Mike replied, "Oh no, you're not upsetting my day at all."
"So you normally lay around naked with a couple of girls?"
Mike laughed. "No, I'm always by myself, and just fine with that. I'm not used to being with such pleasant company." He could see a bit of a smirk on Em's face.
Marie continued. "And usually naked, right?" she asked. "Are you a nudist?"
He laughed and said he wasn't sure if he was, but that he really enjoyed just being naked outside, especially on such a nice warm day. He asked Marie "And I guess you're understanding that now as well. It feels nice, doesn't it?"
She shifted her position, flashing Mike with a quick view of her crotch. He felt that she had done that on purpose, and, of course, he didn't mind that at all. He stared right at her pussy, just in case she gave him another view. They continued to carry on a conversation, both aware of the little game of show and tell that was developing. Mike could feel himself getting a bit excited. He had tried to keep it under control, but as he felt that Marie was doing her best to get him hard, he decided to play along with her. So he also shifted his position by spreading his legs a little, allowing her a good view. She couldn't fail to see that he had indeed gotten a bit plumper.
"It is warming up a bit, no?" she asked, making sure Mike got what she was saying by staring right at his slightly swollen cock.
"Yeah, it seems so," he replied, with just a bit of embarrassment. Being naked in front of others was one thing. Being naked and erect was a totally different thing.
Em spoke up. "I really think it's time we should be going."
In his excitement with watching Marie, Mike had almost forgotten that Em was there. He turned towards her and saw that she was wide awake, eyes wide open. Apparently, she had been watching the two of them for a while.
Before he could speak up, Marie said "Fine, but I want to get a couple of pics of this place before we go." She reached into her backpack and pulled out her phone.
"OK, first a group selfie."
Em started to say something but Marie wasn't going to hear it. "Get up... cmon...let's get the lake in the background."
Marie reluctantly got up. Em pulled Mike up as well. "Girl/boy/girl," she said, positioning herself on one side of Mike while Em stood on the other. She wrapped one arm around Mike's waist.
"Come on, smile girl," Marie said to Em. "Act like you're having fun!" She snapped a couple of pictures.
"Ok, now with the two of us." Em handed her phone to Em. She kept one arm wrapped around Mike and placed her other hand on his chest.
"Make sure you get all of us in the pic!" she said to Em. As Em was getting the phone ready, Marie slid her hand down to Mike's ass and slid her front hand down his chest towards his dick, resting it just shy of his cock. Her wandering hands weren't helping with Mike's erection, but, so far, he was managing to keep it in check.
When Em said "Say cheese!" Marie grabbed Mike's ass and squeezed hard; surprisingly hard for such a tiny girl. Mike's surprise was captured on the first pic.
After taking a couple more, Em said, "OK one more pose... just us two." She gave the phone to Mike, who stepped back while Em stepped up to Marie. Em definitely didn't look like she was enjoying this. Marie picked up on this and gave her a hug, saying "Don't be mad at me."
And then she kissed her. Not a friend-to-friend kiss, but a lover's kiss. Mike cursed himself for not picking up on this earlier. It was all fitting into place. He quickly started taking pictures as the two women continued kissing, now with their hands fondling exposed flesh.
Marie broke off the embrace, smiled at Mike and said: "OK, now we can go." She gathered her clothes and started getting dressed. Mike and Em followed suit, and in no time there were off, with Mike leading the way thru the woods.
The walk back was uneventful. Mike pointed out landmarks along the path so that Marie and Em would be able to get there on their own. As they approached the creek, he warned them to be on the lookout for the park rangers, then showed them the route over the water and back onto state land.
In a couple of minutes, they were in the parking lot. He held open the car doors for them.
Marie said "Such a gentleman," and added "Thank you."
Mike responded with "My pleasure."
As he drove them back to their parking spot, Mike asked if he could have a copy of the pics. Em, with a rare smile, laughed, but Marie replied "Sure thing!" He gave her his phone number, and after playing with her phone a bit, he heard his phone acknowledge that a text had been sent.
When they reached Em's car, Mike once again said "Well ladies, it really has been my pleasure to hang out with you today. Perhaps we'll see more of each other one of these days."
Marie laughed and said "I don't see how that's possible. I think we've seen pretty much all there is to see!"
Mike laughed and said that he had to agree with that.
He watched as they drove away, and then checked his phone. The text from Marie was there along with some of the pics. She had written "so good 2 c u. be there tomorrow?"
He quickly responded "yes 2morrow. see you then." He sent it.
Marie quickly responded with "great. enjoy pics."
Mike didn't respond, but thought "Oh I will... I definitely will."