Happy Birthday to Her


by JazmanTestifyin

When Lucy awoke in her king size bed on Saturday morning, her mind was still in a fog. She was on her back with the covers over her head. As she pulled the comforter and sheet from her face, the sun beaming through the window temporarily blinded her. She had a headache, and her memories of the prior night were sketchy. She recognized the faint taste of tequila in her mouth, but there was another taste she could not immediately place.
Although technically, she would still be 39 through 11:59 p.m. that night, she had celebrated her 40thbirthday the night before. And apparently, she overdid it. Her first thought was that she was just feeling her age. This was a new experience for Lucy, who had been doing her best to fight Father Time.
Lucy, a gorgeous, five-foot-four brunette with brown eyes and shoulder-length hair, had taken care of her body and is routinely mistaken for being a few years younger than she is. For the most part, her body had snapped back after having their two sons. Her belly was flat, and she weighed the same amount she did when she got married. Her husband Wade, who is almost six feet tall with dark hair, is a construction manager and is still in good shape from when he used to do manual labor.
Although Wade loved Lucy's breasts both before and after the kids, to Lucy, they looked a little deflated after nursing twins and she wanted "her" boobs back. She had never liked big fake tits. Thank goodness for Dr. Edwards, who is not just a surgeon; she is an artist. She convinced Lucy that, if she was having them lifted, she might as well go up a cup size. Lucy now has firm, round, full D-cup breasts that still look natural. Her birthday celebration was also somewhat of an unveiling party for her new boobs. So, she decided to wear something low cut, but still relatively modest.
Lucy had been out of sorts over the past few months. As her 40thbirthday loomed, she realized that possibly half her life was gone, and she had not accomplished as much, personally or professionally, as she would have hoped by this age. Her career had plateaued and, although she loved Wade, she felt like they had slipped into a rut. She wanted to do something exciting to shake up their marriage. Shaking things up, however, was not her strong suit. Lucy had always been straightlaced. She did not lose her virginity until she was a junior in college. Even then, she made the guy wait a full year before she put out. All told, Wade was just the third man she had slept with in her entire life. The only time she ever seemed to do anything remotely wild was when she drank, which was not often. But last night had been a special occasion.
Lucy felt stirring under the covers to her left. She turned her head, expecting to see her husband of twelve years. Instead, she saw a different man lying next to her. From her angle, she could not see his face, but she could see that this other man was naked. She thought to herself, "Who the hell is this?"
She did a quick peek under the sheets. She was relieved to see that, although she was braless, she was still wearing the red top she had on the night before. She held out hope that maybe she had not done anything too crazy.
Lucy then reached under the sheet to feel if she was wearing her skirt from the night prior. Her heart sank when, rather than feeling the waistline of the skirt, her hand touched her bare abdomen. As her hand traveled farther south, her fingers crossed her landing strip of dark brown public hair. Lucy knew instantly that she was ass-out naked from the waist down. Her new thought was, "What the fuck did I do last night?"
Hearing footsteps, Lucy looked to her right and saw her husband Wade entering the room, wearing grey pajama pants and a white tee shirt. Even if he could not see that Lucy was bottomless under the covers, he could see that she was in bed with another man. And that man was buck naked. She expected Wade to be furious and braced herself for his reaction.
"Good morning, Lulu. How are you feeling today?" asked her husband with a smile. There was no yelling or barrage of swear words. There also was no surprise to see this strange man, who by now had turned enough so that his huge cock was showing.
Based upon her husband's reaction, Lucy decided to take a chance that he knew more than she could piece together at the moment. She asked, "Wade, who is this man?"
"That's Jake," answered Wade nonchalantly.
"Who is Jake?" asked Lucy.
Wade replied, "You met him at your party last night. Remember?"
Lucy thought and began to picture the prior evening. The party had been at their house in a quiet neighborhood outside Minneapolis, Minnesota. She was wearing the red top and a blue skirt that hugged her ass and had a hemline that stopped right above the knee. She remembered wearing a lacy black thong so that she would not have visible panty line.
The living room was crowded with their friends. Wade and Lucy had sent their boys to stay with Wade's mom for the weekend. Lucy remembered, at some point, having a glass in each hand. She remembered drinking tequila mixed with energy drinks. She now pondered whether the unfamiliar taste lingering in her mouth was from the energy drink. In the light of day, she deduced that, because of the concoction, the drunker she got, the wider awake she was. "How much did I have to drink?" asked Lucy.
Lucy suddenly had a memory flash of lifting her shirt in front of the stranger who was now in her bed. "Did I show my tits to this Jake guy?" she asked.
Wade laughed and said, "Lulu, you were showing them to everyone."
Lucy's flash of memory expanded. The party started at 8:00 p.m. She remembered that, early in the party, she was having a discussion with four or five other women in the kitchen, while the men were in the living room. A couple of her female friends, Sandy and April, were considering getting boob jobs. They were admiring how good Lucy's looked, and Lucy was singing the praises of Dr. Edwards. Lucy was a lightweight when it came to drinking, and by 8:30, she had downed two shots of tequila in a span of 10 minutes. Even if she was accustomed to drinking, which she was not, this would have been a lot for the 115-pound woman.
Lucy's friend Sandy is a relatively small-chested woman with a beautiful face, light brown hair, fair skin, and hazel eyes. She is almost as tall as Lucy but weighs a little less. She had started drinking too, but not as much as Lucy. Sandy and her ex-husband Thad were close friends with Wade and Lucy. The four had been inseparable. That was, until it became known that, Thad, who was professor at a university in Saint Paul, had been sleeping with his female students for years. Lucy and Wade would joke how Sandy had won custody of them in the divorce. They were now the three musketeers and spent a lot of time together.
While in the kitchen during the party, Sandy asked if the implants made Lucy's breasts hard. April, a taller woman with tan skin, reddish-brown hair, and blue eyes, wondered if the surgery left noticeable scars. Before the two women knew what was happening, Lucy had pulled up her shirt and bra and was showing them her tits. "See? You can barely see where the incisions were." She was right; Dr. Edwards was one of the best cosmetic surgeons in the area.
"And they're not hard at all," Lucy said. She then grabbed April's hand and placed it against her bare right breast. "Feel for yourself," said Lucy. April squeezed Lucy's right boob.
"Hey, they feel natural," April said, with a bit of surprise.
"May I?" asked Sandy, reaching toward Lucy's left breast. Lucy nodded her head in the affirmative. Sandy then began fondling Lucy. "I've heard that some women who get boob jobs sometimes lose sensitivity in their nipples. Did you?"
"There's only one way to find out," said Lucy.
Both Sandy and April then started to tug at and gently twist Lucy's nipples. If anything, Lucy's nipples were even more sensitive after getting her breasts done. Although April and Sandy were not trying to sexually arouse Lucy, that is exactly what they were doing. Within a minute or two, all the women in the room were getting to second base with Lucy. And her panties were getting wet.
It was then that Wade walked into the kitchen, accompanied by Jake, a six-foot, two-inch 30-year-old who looks like a Norse god, complete with flowing blonde hair and blue eyes. "Hello, ladies," said Wade. The women immediately retracted their hands and Lucy covered herself. "What's going on?" asked Wade.
The tequila had thoroughly dissolved all of Lucy's inhibitions. Lucy giggled and said, "I was showing the girls my boobs, and they were feeling me up." She then asked, "Who's this tall glass of milk?"
Wade replied, "This is Jake."
Lucy giggled again and said, "Hey, Jake. Wanna see my new knockers?" Without waiting for a response, she then flashed her boobs at Jake, making sure to display them long enough for him to get a good look. "Yeah, they're so new, you can practically see the price tags," she said. She then laughed so hard at her own joke that her breasts began to bounce. The sight of this, in turn, made her laugh even harder.
Wade was surprised by his wife's exhibitionism. He had not seen Lucy flash her bare chest at a stranger since their honeymoon in Greece when she drank three shots of Ouzo and lifted her shirt in front of a cab driver in lieu of giving him a cash tip. Even then, Wade had to dare her to do it.
"Jake is Emma's husband," said Wade.
At six feet even, Emma is eight inches taller than Lucy. And weighs about 30 pounds more. Emma is a natural blonde, originally from Sweden, and used to be a bikini model. She has beautiful C-cup breasts and a shapely backside. At 38 years old, Emma stays fit by taking kickboxing classes. She owns the consulting firm where Lucy works and is Lucy's boss. So, in addition to being able to kick Lucy's ass, Emma has the ability to fire her. Lucy covered herself a split-second before Emma walked into the kitchen.
As the memory ended, Lucy asked her husband, "But why is he in our bed? And why is he naked?" She then whipped off the sheet that was covering the lower half of her body, revealing that she was nude from the waist down. "And where the hell are my skirt and panties? And what is this taste in my mouth?"
"I'll answer those in reverse order," said Wade. "I don't know what taste is in your mouth. Your skirt is on the living room floor. I have no idea where your panties are. He's naked because you told him to get naked." Wade smiled and said, "And he's in our bed because, I guess, everybody's gotta be someplace."
"Other than telling me where my skirt is, that was of absolutely no help," Lucy said.
"Lulu, you were there," he said. "What do you remember happening?"
Lucy thought back on the prior night. She remembered Wade giving her drink after drink after drink. And the more she drank, the more she cut loose. By 10:00 p.m., she was flirting with most of the male guests. By 10:30, she was flirting with the women as well. A little after 11:00, the only party guests left were Jake, his wife Emma, and Sandy. Lucy insisted that they play truth or dare. And the others were just inebriated enough to agree to play.
During the first two rounds, no one was willing to take a dare, so everyone ended up telling extremely personal truths about their sexual histories, fantasies, and turn-ons. Sandy admitted that she had gone through a bisexual experimentation stage in college and once had a threesome. She also admitted that, although she had been divorced for only a year, it had been at least two since she got laid.
Wade admitted that he liked it when Lucy showed off her body and wished she would do it more. Watching other men (and women) drool over his wife got his motor running. Jake admitted that once he had tried to get Emma into swinging, but she did not find the other guy attractive and refused to "take one for the team". Emma was asked what her body count was. She could not give them a precise number. She told them that she was from a small town in Sweden named Vadstena. She admitted that, before moving to the United States, she had banged so many guys back home that she was known as the "stad slampa" which is Swedish for the "town slut".
Hearing these revelations reinforced Lucy's belief that her sexual history was boring. If it were not for what happened earlier that evening, she would have had nothing interesting to share. She admitted that, when Sandy and the other ladies were feeling her breasts and playing with her nipples in the kitchen, she was getting sexually aroused and her pussy got wet.
After the second round of the game, Lucy downed another drink handed to her by Wade and declared that no one was allowed to choose "truth" anymore. In other words, everyone had to take dares. Jake went first. His wife Emma dared him to get into the shower fully dressed. A few minutes later, he emerged from the bathroom barefoot but otherwise fully clothed, with his blue button-down shirt and khakis soaking wet. That was the tamest dare given that night.
Jake dared his wife to make out with Lucy's husband. He prefaced the dare with, "If it's alright with Wade and Lucy." It was a little after 11:30 and by this time, Lucy was agreeable to just about anything. As for Wade... well, Wade is a man, and Emma is super hot. There was no way he was going to pass up the opportunity to put his tongue in her mouth. He also held tightly onto her ass through her dress as they made out.
When Wade and Emma were done, Lucy turned to Sandy and said, "I dare you to show me your tits." Sandy's mouth fell open with surprise. "Come on, Sandy. I showed you mine. You show me yours."
Sandy thought for a moment. She poured herself a shot of vodka, gulped it down, and said, "Okay, but just you."
In a show of group disappointment, Jake, Wade, and Emma exclaimed, "Awwww" in unison.
Lucy said, "It's my birthday and Sandy's boobs are my presents. When it's your birthday, you can ask her to show her tits to you." Lucy then led Sandy to the guest bathroom right off the living room. Once in, Lucy shut the door and she said, "Okay, Sandy, whip 'em out."
Sandy was wearing a pair of tight blue jeans and button-up white blouse. "I can't believe I'm doing this," she said before unbuttoning her shirt. Once it was completely unbuttoned, Lucy helped Sandy remove the blouse, and dropped it on the floor. Lucy then hugged Sandy. During the hug, she unhooked the clasp in the back of Sandy's frilly white bra. Lucy removed the bra and dropped it on top of Sandy's blouse.
Lucy looked at Sandy's perky B-cup breasts. "You're crazy," Lucy said. "Why would you want a boob job? They're perfect." Without asking for permission first, Lucy began caressing Sandy's breasts and tugging at her nipples as Sandy had done to Lucy a few hours earlier. Sandy's breathing got heavier. "Do you see why you ladies doing this to me got me wet?" asked Lucy. "Are you getting wet, Sandy? I know I am."
She removed her left hand from Sandy's erect right nipple. Lucy took hold of Sandy's wrist and pushed Sandy's right hand under her skirt. Sandy could feel that Lucy's panties had become moist and were getting wetter.
Sandy gave into her impulses and began massaging Lucy's clit through the underwear. There was a knock at the door that startled Sandy. From the other side of the door, Wade said, "Hey, what are you girls doing in there?"
Sandy removed her hand from Lucy's crotch. She reached to retrieve her blouse and bra from the bathroom floor. Lucy stopped her and said, "I'll trade you. My thong for your shirt and bra."
"What?" asked Sandy.
Lucy reached under her skirt and after a couple seconds of squirming, removed her panties and handed them to Sandy. She gave Sandy a short but sensual kiss on the lips, which took Sandy by surprise. "My panties in exchange for your bra and blouse."
Sandy knew what Lucy was proposing. On any other night, Sandy would probably have turned down the offer, but between the alcohol and being sexually aroused, she was not thinking clearly. She said, "Sounds fair."
Lucy picked up Sandy's clothes from the floor, opened the door, walked out, and rejoined the others. Sandy put Lucy's wet panties to her nose and inhaled deeply to take in the full aroma of Lucy's love juices. She then shoved her friend's thong into her pocket and walked into the living room topless.
Wade, Jake, and Emma applauded when they saw Sandy enter the room with her boobies out. Sandy appreciated the reception, took a bow, and said, "I'm glad you like the show." She then took a seat on a comfy recliner.
Wade's dick began to swell when he saw Sandy's breasts. He had known her since he, Lucy, and Sandy were all in their 20s. He always found Sandy attractive, but tonight, he was realizing just how sexy she is. He managed to drag his eyes from her pink nipples to look at his wife. "Okay, Lulu, it's your turn," he said. "I dare you to do a sexy dance on the coffee table."
"No problem," she replied. She took another swig of the most recent drink Wade had given her and asked, "Shirt on or shirt off?"
"You can keep the girls covered. I think you've shown them enough tonight," Wade said. "But lose the skirt."
Wade did not know that his wife's panties were in Sandy's pocket. As Lucy stepped up onto the table and began to sway side to side, Wade's cock continued growing in anticipation of watching his wife dance in her black thong in front of the others. He was momentarily stunned when Lucy shimmied out of her skirt, kicked it to the floor, and showed her bare bottom and lady business to everyone in the room. His cock became fully engorged, watching his wife shake her ass for their guests.
As Lucy finished her dance and stepped down from the table, Jake said to his wife Emma, "Darling, I think you're overdressed."
Emma was wearing a knee-length dusty rose colored dress. She looked at Sandy, who was topless, and Lucy, who was bottomless. "Well, I will not be outdone. And you don't even have to waste a dare on it." Three seconds later, Emma's dress was dropping to the floor. A naked Emma stepped out of the dress that was around her feet, and said, "I never wear a bra or panties." Although Emma was a natural blonde, you would have to take her word for it. Her kitty was completely shaved.
Wade's erection was now visible through his pants. Lucy looked at her husband and said, "I can tell you like what you see. Okay, Honey, here's your dare. I want to see you make out with Sandy. You know you want to."
Wade turned to Sandy, who was still in the recliner. Apparently, the lateness of the evening and the alcohol were too much for her. Sandy was fast asleep in the chair. Her pert breasts still on full display. "I think the night is over for Sandy," said Wade.
"Shhhhh. We don't want to wake her," said Lucy. She quickly swallowed the remainder of the drink her husband had given her. "Let's take this party to the bedroom."
The two couples then left the living room and walked upstairs. Lucy led the way, with Jake immediately behind. He watched Lucy's round ass as she walked in front of him and stared at her special place as she climbed the stairs a couple of steps ahead of him. Wade did the same to Jake's nude wife as Emma preceded him up the stairs and he caught a provocative view of her hairless vajayjay. A half minute later, the four entered Lucy's and Wade's bedroom.
Lucy said, "You boys are still fully dressed. And Jake, you are dripping on my carpet. I dare you to get out of those wet clothes."
Jake looked to Emma to make sure it was okay to honor Lucy's request. Emma said, "I'm already in the buff. I'm certainly not going to make a fuss about you joining me."
Jake then looked to Wade, who said, "It's her birthday. How could I deny her what she wants?"
Lucy sat on the edge of the bed to get a good view of Jake stripping. Emma sat in a chair by door. She wanted a vantage point that would allow her to watch her husband and Lucy's reaction to seeing him get naked. Jake unbuttoned and took off his shirt, revealing a well-defined and smooth chest. He unbuckled his belt, then unfastened and unzipped his khakis. Because they were wet, he had to peel down his boxer briefs. Seeing three women in various stages of undress over the past few minutes had caused Jake to have a raging hard-on.
As Jake pull his underwear down, his nine-inch cock sprang up. Lucy's eyes widened and her jaw dropped at the sight. This was the reaction Emma had been waiting to see. Wade joked, "Lulu, close your mouth. A bug might fly in." Lucy shut her mouth but could not take her eyes off Jake's member.
"Because you're the birthday girl, I think each of us should get to give you a dare." Emma said to Lucy.
It was close to midnight, and any timidity Lucy might have had was lying on the living room floor next to her skirt. A confident Lucy challenged the other three, "Bring it on."
Emma was the first to speak up, "I dare to suck both their cocks."
This dare caught Lucy off guard. She did not know how to respond. What started as drunken but harmless flirtation had just been pushed to the point of her boss wanting to watch as she blew Wade and a man she barely knew. She hesitated to react solely because of not knowing how Wade would react. For the first time that night, Lucy was speechless. She was trying to think of something witty to say in response. She was about to say, "Is this your way of trying to shut me up?" In the time it took Lucy to think up this line, Wade had unzipped his pants and fished out his stiff rod. Lucy got as far as, "Is this your wa--" before Wade slid his throbbing cock into her mouth.
The fact that he was pumping his rock-hard phallus in and out of her mouth let Lucy know Wade was okay with at least half of Emma's request. She knew he was okay with the other half of the dare when Wade stepped to the side, allowing Jake to step in front of her. There was no more hesitation. Lucy inhaled Jake's cock, the first other than Wade's that she had sucked in fifteen years. She had not blown many men in her life and was making up for lost time by giving head to Jake like she was a woman possessed.
Lucy had a distinct memory of licking a large glob of precum from the tip of Jake's dick and swirling her tongue around his cockhead. She tried to deepthroat Jake, but his monster was just too big, and she gagged a little. She then began alternating between the two men, sucking off each of them and using her hands to jack off whichever cock she was not slurping on at the time.
As the light of morning streamed through her bedroom window, Lucy was brought back to the present. She was now having second thoughts about her actions. "How could I do that? How could you let me do that?" she asked her husband.
"Well, I didn't hear you complaining. If you didn't want to do it, you should have said something," Wade responded.
"Maybe I didn't say anything because I was drunk. You kept feeding me drinks all night. Maybe I would have said something if every time I tried to speak, there wasn't one of your dicks in my mouth," Lucy said.
Wade chuckled and said, "Don't sell yourself short, Lulu. A few times, there were two dicks in your mouth."
Lucy's brain instantly filled with several images of having both cocks in her mouth simultaneously. Those images were interrupted by Emma entering the bedroom, still naked from the night before. Emma greeted Lucy and Wade with a friendly and energetic, "God morgon." It was at that moment that Lucy knew what taste was left in her mouth. Pussy.
During their game of truth or dare, Jake's exact words were, "I dare you to eat out my wife." And that is precisely what Lucy did. She had never eaten pussy before, but she feasted on Emma's. As Jake stood watching, Emma was laid out on her back on the bed with her long legs splayed far apart. Lucy's face was buried in Emma's snatch. As her eyes peered over Emma's pubic mound, Lucy could see that Wade was not just a spectator to this girl-on-girl action. He was standing next to Emma, plunging his stiff cock in and out of her mouth, face-fucking her. This unexpected sight filled Lucy with lust and made her want to devour Emma's kitty.
She did everything to Emma that she liked Wade to do to her. She sucked Emma's labia. She used her tongue to flick Emma's clit until Emma was writhing with pleasure and moaning. She pushed her tongue deep into Emma's hotbox. When Emma climaxed, her orgasmic juices flowed into Lucy's mouth and down her chin. That is what Lucy had been tasting all morning.
Lucy then remembered lying on her back, looking between her thighs, and seeing the top of Emma's blonde head. Apparently, Lucy had done such a good job going down on Emma that her boss felt obliged to return the favor. Emma had slipped her right middle and ring fingers into Lucy's wet snatch. She had quickly found and was manipulated Lucy's G-spot. Lucy nearly came from this alone. But Emma was also using her mouth, which was focusing almost exclusively on Lucy's clit. Licking and sucking on it with such vigor that, within a few minutes, Lucy could not help but scream, "Holy fuck!" before she orgasmed and briefly collapsed on the bed.
Back in the present, the naked woman who had left the lasting flavor of her vagina on Lucy's tongue had just told them "Good morning" in Swedish. Emma went on to tell Lucy and Wade that she had errands to run and was going to grab her dress and be on her way. She told them, "Have some more fun with Jake. When he wakes up, he should be good for at least one more round. Just send him home when you're done with him."
Emma then looked directly at Lucy and said, "And don't worry about things being awkward at the office on Monday. I know how to separate work from play." As Emma was leaving, she paused, turned, and said, "Just one more thing. Everyone but me seems to have seen your tits last night. Could you?" She then motioned for Lucy to lift her shirt.
So, Lucy found herself on a bright Saturday morning, standing in her own bedroom, naked from the waist down, and being asked to flash her breasts again. Lucy looked at her completely naked boss and gave up on trying to make sense of what was going on. She sighed and said, "Sure. What the hell?"
Lucy then pulled up her shirt, exposing her D-cups. Upon seeing them, Emma's eyes lit up, she pointed at Lucy's tits, smiled, and asked, "Dr. Edwards?"
Lucy smiled back with pride and enthusiastically said, "Yes."
Emma pointed at her own breasts and said, "Mine too."
Admiring Emma's titties, Lucy said, "Wow, she really is an artist. I would have never guessed that those weren't natural."
The ladies exchanged a few more pleasantries before Emma turned to leave. As she walked out the door, both Lucy and Wade watched her ass. Lucy felt comforted to get assurance from her boss that the night of debauchery would not be held against her at the office.
After Emma was gone, Lucy remembered how the game had ended. Lucy's last dare was from her husband Wade. There was no subtlety. He looked her in the eye and said, "I dare you to fuck Jake." Seconds later, Lucy was riding Jake like a prize stallion. She felt his big cock deep inside of her. Jake gripped her ass as they fucked. Although she still had on her shirt, it was hiked up over her breasts and her bra had been thrown across the room. Her huge tits were bouncing up and down as she impaled herself on his pole over and over again. She left a thick layer of her cream on Jake's dick as her entire body shuddered and she had a thunderous orgasm.
But Jake was not finished. He flipped her over. Lucy was then on her back with her legs wrapped around him. He took long strokes, each time going balls deep into her waiting cavern. He picked up the pace and started pounding her pussy. Lucy exclaimed "Yes! Yes! Fuck me! Fuck me! Fuck me!" Jake let out a long grunt before filling Lucy's honey pot with his hot cum.
As the thoughts of her fuck session with Jake dissipated, Lucy heard him waking up. He got out of bed and went to the bathroom to pay the water bill. While Jake was in the bathroom, she said to Wade, "I can't believe I went down on my boss and fucked her husband. When I first woke up and saw another man next to me, I was afraid I was some dirty, drunken, cheating whore. Now, I know it's true."
"You didn't cheat," Wade told her.
"How can you say that? We're married and I got drunk and had sex with other people," said Lucy.
"Cheating means doing something behind someone's back," he said. "Not only did I know about what you were doing, I asked you to do it. So, it most definitely is not cheating. And, by the way, you weren't drunk."
"Honey, I had a lot to drink. I was literally guzzling alcohol," said Lucy.
"Lulu, you only had two alcoholic drinks the entire evening," he said.
"What are you talking about? You were giving me drinks all night," she replied.
"You had two tequilas and energy drinks and started flashing your fun bags," Wade said. "After I saw that, I started giving you energy drinks without the tequila. So, as the night went on and the alcohol worked its way out of your system, you weren't getting more and more drunk. You were getting more and more sober. By the end of the night, you were the most sober of us all."
Lucy said, "But, I did things that I would never do sober."
Wade said, "No, Lulu, you did things that you wouldn't do unless you thought you were drunk. It was all in your head." He laughed and then said, "And by that, I mean you gave all of us head."
"Ha ha," Lucy said sarcastically.
"Well, now you know that you're not a 'dirty, drunken, cheating whore,'" said Wade with a smile.
"Right... I'm just a dirty whore," she said as if experiencing an epiphany.
"Yes," Wade said, laughing. He wrapped his arms around his wife, kissed her on the forehead, and said, "But you're my dirty whore."
"But, if you knew I wasn't drunk, why did you let me do all that stuff?" she asked.
Wade answered, "Because I love you. Our marriage can take you having a wild side before you turn 40. And you having the chance to experience being wild was my gift to you."
"And you were okay watching me have sex with another man?" she asked.
"I would have been, but I didn't see much of it," he said. "Emma dragged me into the guest bedroom and showed me why they called her the 'stad slampa'. I had to keep her occupied so you could have fun with Jake."
"That is so kind of you," Lucy said cynically. "So, as part of my birthday gift from you, you fucked a leggy blonde?"
Wade nodded toward the bathroom where Jake was relieving himself and said, "Lulu, technically, we both fucked leggy blondes. Besides, I didn't have a choice."
Lucy asked, "Why not?"
"She dared me," said Wade.
"Oddly, I can't argue with that," Lucy said, grinning.
"Are you mad?" he asked.
"Mad? I'm impressed. Up top!" she said, then smiled and held up her hand for her husband to slap.
Wade was amazed that he was being invited to high-five his wife for having sex with another woman, but he was happy that Lucy was being so cool about this. Wade slapped palms with Lucy and said, "Great. Now, have you gotten all of this out of your system?"
At that moment, Jake walked out of the bathroom, still naked. And Sandy walked into the bedroom, still topless from the night before. "Lucy, can I get my blouse and bra back?"
Not missing a beat, Lucy said, "I'll trade you. Your bra and blouse for a foursome with us. This is a one-time offer. And if it helps you make up your mind, Wade and I apparently are really good at eating pussy... " Lucy then motioned towards Jake, "and Thor over here has a nine-inch cock."
Jake looked at Sandy, smiled, and silently mouthed, "It's true."
After the events of the prior night and having not had sex in two years, Sandy considered the offer for only a moment before saying, "Sounds fair."
Lucy could see that Wade was astonished by her proposition; it could not be blamed on booze, the power of suggestion, or the lateness of the evening. Lucy was astonished at how quickly Sandy was stripping out of her jeans and tiny white panties. In the blink of an eye, the petite woman was nude, and everyone saw that, not only does Sandy have perfect tits, she also has a perfect little ass and pubes that are trimmed into a tight triangle.
Although she assumed that he was in favor of what was happening, Lucy sensed that Wade was somewhat in disbelief that his normally prudish wife was suggesting group sex with their longtime friend and a virtual stranger. Wade gave Lucy an inquisitive look as she was pulling her shirt over her head and dropping it to the floor.
When Lucy was completely naked, she kissed Wade and said, "You said I could be wild before I turned 40. I still have a few hours left and I'm not going to waste a minute."