This is Part 5 of "From the Curtains" and the last chapter for awhile. In Part 4, Melanie and her neighbor, Susanne, who owns the colonial house with the clear view of Melanie's patio and pool, sunbathed in the nude. Susanne finally told Melanie she had been watching her pleasure herself from behind the curtains. As the two women waded into the pool, Susanne swam over to the spa jets.
"I want you to watch me," said Susanne, straddling the pool's spa jets. As the pulsing water massaged her clit, she let out a small moan. Slowly, she found a rhythm, positioning the stream of water in just the right spot, moving her hips back and forth, side to side. Gently, she pinched the nipple of each breast, alternating back and forth between them. Waves of pleasure flowed through her.
"This is incredible!" she said, arching her back.
Melanie stood on the steps leading into the pool, mesmerized. It was the first time she had ever seen another woman pleasure herself. The view filled her with excitement. She sat down on the second step leading into the pool, half in the water and half out, the sun bathing her in its glow, warming her all over. She pinched her own nipples, feeling the warmth flow through her entire body now, spreading to her clit. She placed her palm between her legs, massaging her clit in a circular motion, faster, faster, faster. She watched Susanne, focusing on her breasts and the thrusting movements she made into the spa jets.
Susanne was breathing heavily now, her body writhing in sync with the pulsing water, her hand massaging her nipples rhythmically. She shifted her body repeatedly, pushing harder against the jets, intensifying their pressure – and her pleasure. Finally, she found the right spot, arching her head backward, pinching her nipples harder. In one explosive moment, she lost herself in the pleasure of her orgasm.
Relaxing, she looked over at Melanie reclining on the steps, fingering herself wildly. Again, she enjoyed the view, just as she had from behind the curtains. Up close, the sight of another woman pleasuring herself was much more sensual, much more erotic. Melanie half closed her eyes, moaning aloud as her orgasm intensified. When it was over, she laid back, still half in the water and half out, her body totally relaxed now.
"How are you doing over there," Melanie asked, a broad smile streaming across her face.
Susanne giggled. "I am doing fantastic! That was incredible." "A nice substitute for when hubby is away on those long trips?"
Susanne shook her head. "Not a substitute. Totally different."
"But enjoyable?"
Susanne swam over to the pool steps and sat next to Melanie, basking with her in the sun's warm rays. "Very much so!" There was an excitement in her voice. "I never realized how enjoyable being nude outdoors could be! And having you watch me made it so much more exciting. And then when you joined in, it pushed me over the edge."
Melanie smiled. "I could see that! Watching you did the same for me."
The two women stepped out of the pool, draping towels over their shoulders, making no attempt to cover their nude bodies. They lay the towels down on their lounge chairs and let the sun's rays dry off their bodies.
Melanie sensed that Susanne was enjoying her newly discovered freedom. Being nude outdoors was old hat for Melanie, but this was a first for Susanne.
"You should try being nude around the house," said Melanie. "It's warm enough here most of the year for just a light robe indoors, or nothing. And since there's no one there anyway..."
Susanne raised one eyebrow. "I think I could get used to that."
"And, of course, you're welcome to swim and sun here with me any time."
Susanne smiled, dabbing her towel on her wet pubic hair.
"We really need to do something about that hair," said Melanie, a sly smile crossing her face.
Susanne giggled. "You did say you had a spare razor?"
"And shaving gel, too."
Melanie scurried inside, still nude, of course. When she came out, she had a razor, a roll of paper towels, and a can of shaving gel in her hands. Immediately, she shook the can up and down.
Susanne giggled again. "Nice form. I bet my husband would like your hand motion."
Melanie chuckled. "You've never seen me eat a banana," she said, winking suggestively. "When will hubby be here?' "Never mind!" said Susanne. "If he knew what I had been up to, he'd..."
Melanie interrupted. "He'd probably want to watch. All men do." She pressed the top of the shaving gel can, squirting gel onto Susanne's pubic hair. Susanne brought the gel to lather, and then used the razor to remove the hair, periodically wiping it off on a paper towel. Within a few minutes, her pubic region was as bald and as smooth as Melanie's.
"I feel a warm breeze," said Susanne, enjoying the air wafting over her now-shaved pussy. Her mind turned back to Melanie's comment. "So you think he would like to watch me?"
Initially, Melanie was surprised but then she realized that Susanne was full of surprises, and that was what she was beginning to like about her. "You mean he never has?"
Susanne shook her head. "He's never seen me shaved either."
Melanie thought for a moment. Then, she got an idea. "Does he have email?"
"Yes, he does," replied Susanne. "We write to each other every night."
"I'll be right back."
Melanie ran back into the house again, this time returning with a digital camera.
"Oh, no!" said Susanne, covering herself with a towel. "I don't know how he'd react if I sent him a picture."
Melanie turned the camera on, aiming it at Susanne's towel-covered pussy. "You'll never know unless you do."
Susanne thought for a moment, and then she uncovered herself. "Let's do it, then."
Melanie zoomed in on Susanne's bald pussy. Then, she thought for a moment, and said, "Let's give him something a little more erotic."
Without speaking, Susanne placed one of her perfectly manicured fingernails on the tip of her clit. Melanie snapped the picture.
"Excellent," said Melanie, previewing the shot in her camera's viewfinder and then showing it to Susanne.
"Please take another," said Susanne, dipping one finger inside her pussy.
Melanie snapped another photo. "Good one," she said.
"How about this pose?" Susanne pinched the nipple of her breast between her thumb and forefinger. Melanie zoomed in on her nipple and snapped it.
"How about this pose?" Susanne rolled over on to her tummy, and stuck one finger in her ass. Melanie took the picture.
"Let's go inside and load them onto my computer so you can email them to your hubby," said Melanie.
"I have a better idea," said Susanne, an impish grin flashing across her face. "Why don't I take the same poses of you?"
Melanie thought for a moment. Then, she turned off her camera. "I don't think so," she said.
"Why not?" asked Susanne.
"I'd rather have him watch me from behind the curtains."