To start off, my wife Shai and I are very open, and have a very healthy relationship. We have brought others in on occasion and we both get excited talking about others that we may want.
I've had a thing for my wifes mom, Mil, for a while, and again my wife and I are very open with eachother, so she was aware of my infatuation, and said that I should go for it if I felt like something could come of it. We visited Mil for vacation and I left a couple cameras set up in the living room in case she decided to walk around after a shower. I had bought the cameras wanting to do some recording of my wife and the data can be accessed from online. When leaving for vacation I had decided to take the cameras with us on a hunch. My wife said that I was being dumb while laughing and we didnt really talk about it again.
Mil is around 5ft 2in and 145lbs. shes no porn star but has similar attributes and looks similar to Lisa Ann and had amazing DDD tits. I had jerked off multiple times watching Lisa Anne while picturing Mil.
A couple months went by and I had seen Mil a couple times walking around naked, and had jerked off to it while telling my wife. She said that as long as I was having fun and she got to get some of the fruits of my labor she was just fine with it. Shai has always enjoyed the taste of cum and she always appreciates some desert.
One night Shai and I were getting heated and I told her that I wanted to watch some of my videos and finish that way first so I could last longer with her. Shai laughed and told me to get to it then because she was tired of waiting. I laughed back at her as she laid on the opposite side of the bed facing me and started fingering herself as she watched me get the laptop out. "Looks like your mom is entertaining" I told Shai as I got the site loaded and saw two guys sitting on Mil's couch talking and laughing.
Shai came over to me and looked at the screen. "I know them, that's my moms friends that I see her talking on facebook all the time. They are from her home town. I think she went to high school with them. " I was about to start rewinding the videos to see something more exciting when my Mil walked into the room wearing a Jean skirt and a tight red plaid crop top that I had seen on her facebook page before as a little red riding hood Halloween outfit.
"Wait a second!" I said laughing.
Shai looked again and stopped laughing as she saw her mom hand the two guys a beer and then sat between them on the couch. My wife and I both were awe struck as we watched as her mother smiled and put a hand on each guys leg after taking a swig of her own drink.
You could see both guys lean in and start kissing her neck and grabbing at her tits that were damn near on full display already. My cock was rock hard in an instant and I looked over and could see Shai intently watching with her mouth slightly open. We both watched as Shai's mother leaned her head back in ecstasy and shoved her hands inside each guys pants.
To my surprise, because she had never shown any interest before, I saw Shai continue fingering herself as she watched her mother get mauled by two guys. I wasnt going to complain and started slowly rubbing my precum onto the head of my raging cock as I watched my wife insert 2 fingers in her pussy and my mother-in-law now pumping two decently sized dicks with each hand.
Mil started going faster with each prick and I watched in excitement as first one then the other large tit was released from the tight top. She eagerly leaned over to the guy on her left and engulfed the cock to the base and I could see her tongue appear and touch the top of the man's balls.
"God, your mom can deep throat like a champ!" I said laughing. "Maybe you should take some lessons from her."
"Maybe I should." I heard Shai day under her breath.
I continued eagerly watching as my mother-in-law started going back and forth inhaling first one and then the other cock. I watched as she stood up and bent over in front of the two guys and pulled her skirt down revealing nothing but bare skin. She then knelt in front of the two glistening ducks, grabbing one and then the other and went back to alternating between the two.
After a few minutes of this I saw the two guys stand and finish undressing and my wife jumped up and went to her night stand, coming back with her vibrator and a dildo.
Mil moved in between the two guys and my cock wept as I saw her get impaled my one cock and and hungrily grab onto the other. I moaned while Shai surprised me by shoving my hand out of the way and sucking my dick into her hot mouth. She mimicked my moan as she impaled herself on her dildo.
Shai's mother switched back and forth between the two lucky cocks cleaning off her pussy juice as she coated the other one in the ever replenishing juices. I continued to watch the screen and also watch as Shai kept her eyes towards the screen as well, almost seeming to be imaging her taking her mother's place.
Mil then pushed one of the guys down on the couch and and climbed on top of him reaching between their bodies and guiding his cock into her pussy. The other guy didnt wait to come up behind her and insert his own shaft into her. I only wished I could see if she was getting a dick in each hole and if her ass was getting stretched as well.
"You think her ass is getting stretched too?" I asked Shai I excitement.
Shai popped my cock out of her mouth and smiled up at me and said "Probably, Mom's told me how much she likes anal."
Shai shoved my cock back in her mouth just in time for me to shoot my load down her throat imagining dumping it in her mother's ass. Shai moaned around my dick as she came as well, before slurping off of my shaft as she caught her breath and turned to continue watch the show.
We both watched as Mil continued to get plowed and I could only imagine the moans and screams that were coming from her mouth. I started rubbing my dick again and was getting rigid. Shai had continued to slowly punch her dildo in and out of her pussy while she watched her mother getting sexed up. We continued to jerkoff together while we watched both men arch and watched as Mil was filled with their jiz. The guy behind her pulled out and we watched him move around and Mil grab his dick and begin cleaning off the cock. I could now see that her ass was gaping and I could see the fruits of her labor dripping out of her. Knowing that my own mother-in-law was going ass to mouth had me hard as steal again and I started jerking in earnest as she climbed off and cleaned the other cock.
Mil kept her legs spread while doing this and I could see a pool of cum forming between her legs on the hard wood. Shai began moaning again and I pulled her on top of me so I could replace the fake cock that she had been enjoying. She eagerly shoved me in and started riding me as we continued to watch her mother continued to jack the guys off as they sat back on the couch.
Mil got up and walked out of where the camera could pick up and Shai started riding me harder. I could see her keep glancing at the two now softened cocks on the screen and hear her moan a little more whenever one of the two would reach to rearrange themselves.
I was getting close to finishing when Shai's phone went off and we both sighed as she reached over for the phone. Shai showed me the screen before answering the phone and putting it on speaker.
"Hey mom," she said while smiling at me.
"Did you enjoy the show?" Mil said and you could hear the smile on her face. "probably would have been better if you had sound to go with the camera"
I could only imagine my look of shock and Shai started laughing. "Oh we did!.
"How?" was all I could get out as they both started laughing harder.
Shai explained to me that after the first or second time that I had watched the videos, she had let slip to Mil what had been happening. They had put this whole thing together.
"Knowing you were watching just now made it that much better. Maybe next time you can be here and join in on the fun" Mil said in between laughs. "Now I think it's time for you to finish taking care of my daughter."
Shai put the phone down and started sucking my cock again to get it the rest of the way back to life. When it was sufficiently hard she climbed back on and started bouncing up and down on my steal rod.
"FUCK YES!" I heard Mil scream from the speaker as Shai moaned as well.
I looked back at the screen and could see Mil now laying in the middle of the floor with her fingers buried in her cunt. Shai continued to ride me faster and harder and I came for the second time of the night deep inside my wife while listening to Mil moan my name as she joined Shai and me as we all came together.
"Maybe you should come visit soon." Mil said again as she caught her breath and the two guys still on the couch laughed.