Chapter Sixteen: A Private Party
It had been a month since I felt the warm sun on my skin at the farm and I hadn't since left the quaint single story abode that my Master inherited after his mother died. I was comfortable with my routines as they gave me structure and comfort. Sometimes he would even generously dump the scraps from his plate into my dog bowl, providing me with variety beyond my usual broth and cold oatmeal. I felt special and loved when he would charitably share such gifts with me. I was a lucky little cunt indeed for having such a caring Master.
I never ventured back into the basement after that night at the party. Master still went down there a few times a day to get things from storage or deal with house issues but it was made clear to me that my area was upstairs and venturing back into the basement would result in a severe punishment. I certainly didn't want to face a harsh reprimand, but more so, the thought of disappointing my owner filled my flat little tummy with dread.
It was the early afternoon and I had just finished eating my lunch of cold chicken broth while in the eat position. As always I ran my soft pink tongue over the smooth gleaming surface of my bowl, lapping every drop of the delicious liquid. I crawled to the bathroom and was squatting over my bucket, the warm yellow pee spraying out of me with force loudly striking the gray metal interior of the container when my Master appeared in the doorway.
"You may remember meeting Lady Kara at that party we went to a while ago," Master said as he gazed at the flow of yellow liquid streaming from between my legs. "She's having her event tonight and I told her that we'd attend. Does that sound like something you'd like to do?"
My eyes lit up and my heart started pounding wildly. Another chance to get out of the house and see people was thrilling news indeed. "Oh yes Master, yes please Master," I exclaimed excitedly as my stream of salty urine turned into a dribble and finally a few errant drops before stopping entirely. "Please may the Cunt go with its Master tonight?"
"Since you've been such a good little fucktoy, I'll allow it. Start getting yourself ready my faithful bitch in heat, hair, makeup and the works. We want to look your best to reflect well on your owner. You have permission to forgo the remainder of your edging sessions and pose work for the rest of the day in order to get ready."
I quickly scurried on all fours to my Master's feet and got into 'thank' position, kissing his slippers profusely while raising my plugged ass and arching my back just as I had been trained.
He leaned over and gently pushed on the plug that stretched my rectum, reminding me of how filled I was. "Go ahead now, my little toy, get ready and make me proud."
I spent several hours preparing myself. I showered, washed and styled my silky long dark hair and applied makeup to make myself look beautiful for my owner. Master left out the shiny black latex dress and stripper heels for me to wear. Whatever clothing adorned my body was the choice of my Master and if it pleased him for me to be seen in this outfit again, that was all that mattered.
After inspecting me thoroughly including having me twirl around several times to give my Master the full view of my little body, he clipped a leash to the O ring at the front of my collar and led me to the garage where his chariot, the familiar rusted Toyota, sat waiting to escort us to the party. On the journey to our destination I enjoyed the beauty of the orange sunset. The way the sky lit up in bright bands of pink and purple as the clarity of daylight gave way to the mystery of darkness. We drove through the brightly lit gates of a large house just as the digital clock on the dashboard struck six and travelled up the cobblestone driveway, parking near the front next to a variety of fancy European luxury cars.
Master helped me out of his compact Corolla and held my slim arm as I adjusted my latex dress, pulling the hem of the slick shiny garment down until it barely covered the round cheeks of my firm behind. I took small strides on the smooth stones, careful not to slip while wearing the platform stripper heels that were tightly secured onto my small feet and the slender chain leash dangled freely from the heavy steel collar that graced my slender neck. My lithe little body felt sexy, slutty and desirable in my fetish friendly attire and I had spent the entire day ensuring that my hair and makeup were perfect. Master on the other hand was disheveled; his weighty figure dressed as if he picked up the wrinkled clothes from a pile of dirty laundry on the floor and put them on. We approached the walkway where an intimidating looking bald man wearing a dark suit and a headset kept a watchful eye over the entrance.
He held one of his thick arms out to block us from proceeding and with a disinterested monotone voice inquired "name?"
My Master cleared his throat and weakly answered "Arnie...Arnie Pierce."
The daunting gatekeeper stared at Master dismissively before reluctantly scanning a piece of paper attached to the clipboard in his hand. "You're not on the list."
"What do you mean I'm not on the list," Master pleaded. "Lady Kara invited us. Check the list again. Arnie Pierce."
"You're not on the list Sir. Perhaps you would like for me to check under the lady's name?"
"It's not going to be under her name."
"Then I'll have to ask you to leave Sir."
"Fine," Master capitulated. "Her name is the Cunt."
"Seriously? That's her name?"
"Yes, that's her legal name. I'm telling you the truth!"
The menacing guardian rolled his eyes and shook his head before returning his gaze to the register before him. "Well what do you know; I do have the Cunt on the list. " He gave his headset a tap and said "I have a young lady at the front named the Cunt." He bobbed his hairless head in a nodding motion, tapped his headset again and turned to us. "She'll be out momentarily, please step to the side."
Master played with the handle of my leash with one hand as the chubby fingers of his other hand found their way under my dress and gently caressed my firm rear. We didn't have to wait long before Lady Kara clad in black leather and thigh high boots strode confidently down the walkway with her little blonde slave following dutifully behind. "Oh there you are, you stunning creature," she said as she opened her arms and gave me a strong hug, pulling me into her ample bosom. She then grasped my willowy frame by my shoulders and looked me in the eyes. "You are even more spectacular than I remember. I'm so glad you decided to attend tonight. You remember my slave Holes don't you?"
"I thought her name was Drink Holder," Master interjected.
"For that party it was. For this party it's Holes you silly man." She said dismissively as she turned to her pierced pet and said "tell them why your name is Holes."
"My name is Holes because I am a worthless trio of holes," she answered obediently.
"Good girl! Indeed that is exactly what you are. The Cunt here is going to be serving with you tonight. Why don't you welcome your new slave sister properly and take her in the back to help prepare her for the evening's festivities."
"Yes Goddess, thank you Goddess," she said as she bent her petite body into a respectful curtsy. Holes approached me and placed her small hands on my arms, pulling her beautiful form against mine, only a thin layer of latex stood between our tits which seemed to melt together. She looked into my crystal blue eyes and slowly pressed her soft crimson lips against my own. Her pierced pink tongue slipped out of her mouth and into mine, exploring my gums and dancing joyfully with my soft saliva coated tongue. I breathed deeply of her scent and indulged in the flavor of her mouth as we held a long passionate kiss that seemed to go on forever.
"Where are all the other guests?" My Master inquired.
"Oh they'll be along soon enough. No need for you to worry about that. Thank you again for lending your beautiful slave to me for the evening, truly I'm grateful. You may come to collect her at midnight."
"What are you talking about? I'm coming to your party," he protested.
"Oh dear Arnie, I simply must apologize. I fear we've had a bit of a miscommunication. The invitation was only for your slave, it was never for you. I mean seriously dear, you could not have actually thought that offer could have included you. Just look at you. You simply don't belong here and you wouldn't fit in at all. How a man like you got a gorgeous slave like your Cunt is beyond me. At any rate there you have it and if you will excuse me, I must take my leave as I have a great deal left to do to prepare for my soiree."
Holes quickly broke off our kiss with several clear strands of saliva continuing to connect our mouths together and she took my hand in hers. Lady Kara swiftly turned and marched back up the path toward the front door of the house with Holes and I keeping pace behind her.
Master started to follow but the large gatekeeper stepped into the middle of the path to prevent him from proceeding up the walkway. "I'm sorry Sir, I can't let you inside."
"That's my slave, she belongs to me! Give her back now!"
"I can't do that Sir, you need to leave now."
"I'm not leaving until you give me my slave back."
"As Lady Kara said, you may collect her at midnight. This is private property and you are trespassing. If you don't leave now I'll be forced to contact the police service. Is that really what you want?"
The voices became muted as I reached the doorway and I glanced back to see my Master's shoulders slump in defeat as he turned and made his way back to the corroded heap that sat out of place between the elegant vehicles.
Holes pulled me into the opulent entryway and led me down the hall toward the back of the house. The sound of my high heels clacking on the smooth white marble floors echoed throughout the lavish residence with each step I took. Holes was barefoot and seemed to glide along in her exposed natural state. I admired her little body which looked not too dissimilar from my own. Except for her hair color and the fact that her tits were slightly larger, our willowy bodies and pierced flesh could have easily passed as mirrors of each other.
We reached a large marble bathroom and her posture and facial expression suddenly became more relaxed as she closed the door. "I thought you were really cute when I saw you at the club; I'm so glad Goddess invited you to join us tonight," she said with a bright smile as she spoke with a slight lisp due to her tongue piercing. "My name is actually Cara but obviously Goddess calls me whatever she wants. I like it; it's a lot of fun."
We stood together in an awkward silence before Holes spoke again. "You are able to speak right? I mean can you understand me?"
"Yes Ma'am, the Cunt can speak and understand you."
"Whew, you had me worried for a minute. Are you just the quiet type?"
"No Ma'am, the Cunt may not speak unless spoken to."
"Okay first of all I have that same rule but it only applies when we're in the presence of our owners or other superiors. When we're alone together we can speak freely. Second, I'm not a Ma'am. I'm an owned animal just like you. Since we're equal slaves, why don't you call me sister and I'll do the same for you, okay?"
"Yes sister, the Cunt can do that."
"So sister, what's your real name?" She asked as she unclipped the leash that dangled freely from my gleaming steel collar.
"Its real name is the Cunt," I replied with a look that showed my confusion about the meaning of her question. "Master even showed the paper to the Cunt that was filed with the court that made it so."
"And the court accepted that? That's just wild. Such total dedication to your owner is something I really respect," she said as she unzipped the back of my shiny latex dress and slid the straps off my shoulders, gently gliding the garment down my slender body and over my toned legs until she was at my feet and I stepped out of the gleaming outfit. While she was down there she unstrapped the black stripper heels from my dainty feet and removed them. When she stood erect again I saw that we were nearly the exact same height. She embraced me once more, our breasts pressing directly into each other, our nipple rings colliding and my glimmering silver bells pushing into her soft white flesh. "We are going to have such fun together tonight, I promise," she said with a comforting smile.
Our lips came together once more and we spent a few more minutes enthusiastically discovering each other's mouths with our tongues. I sensed the large ring that dangled from the tip of her soft pink organ as it occasionally hit my teeth and I wondered what it would feel like to have such a decoration in my own tongue. Finally our kiss broke again with even more saliva strands connecting our soft mouths.
"Have you ever had an enema?" She asked with her mouth so close to mine that I could feel her sweet warm breath on my skin.
I nodded "yes sister, my Master gives me one every day."
"Excellent, then you already know what to expect." She said as she prepared the enema bag and corresponding hose and nozzles. "First let's get that plug out of you sister, you won't need it tonight, Goddess has other plans for our asses," she said with a wink.
The willowy blonde slave motioned for me to bend over and grab the edge of the tub before she gripped my jeweled pink princess plug and twisted and turned it, pulling ever so slowly and gently until it escaped the confines of my rectum with a pop. "I wish you could see how beautifully your ass is gaping right now. Goddess is right, you really are stunning and so exotic looking too."
She lubed up the end of the nozzle and inserted it deep into my anus before injecting the water deep inside my bowels. She released a reasonable amount of fluid then directed me to the toilet to expel the water before washing my insides another two times. Since I didn't have to hold the water inside me for very long I didn't even have to suffer the usual cramping that I had on a daily basis when my Master cleaned me out nor did my belly become distorted as was the case when I had to hold a much larger volume of fluid.
"There doesn't that feel better? You're all clean inside and out and ready to be used." Suddenly the bathroom door pushed open and Lady Kara stood in the doorway with her hands on her hips. Holes quickly fell to her knees and pressed her forehead to the shining marble tile at her feet in a sort of greet pose. I swiftly followed her example and pressed my head to the floor next to her. I felt the Mistress' fingers dance along my stretched spine as I dutifully held my position.
"I'm very impressed with you Cunt. You are a very well trained animal," she said as her fingers continued to gently rub my skin. I felt waves of tingles flow from my tummy and through my body at her praise. "Kneel up Cunt and stick out your tongue," she commanded.
I obeyed quickly not wanting to disappoint the beautiful dominatrix. I swiftly moved to my knees, arching my back and thrusting out the udders that I cupped in my small hands before pushing my pink tongue through my lips. She grabbed the tip of it with her thumb and forefinger and inspected it closely. "It's so unfortunate that you lack a ring in this organ, my pretty little pet. If you were mine we would have remedied that failure long ago." She released my soft saliva soaked tongue and her delicate digits fluttered to my slender neck where they brushed over the cold metal collar that was a part of my being. "It is unfortunate that this ridiculous thing is locked on," she said with a sigh. "Stand up Cunt and bend over."
I followed her commands, obediently standing and bending. "I do so love your vaginal piercings but this mess with the little chains is simply not appropriate at all for my event." Lady Kara carefully unclipped each of the slender silver chains from my labia rings before unbuckling and removing the black leather straps from my lean thighs. For the first time in recent memory my sensitive pink flesh wasn't being pulled and stretched and the sensation of not being spread and open was a strange one at first. "Turn around little Cunt and let me look at you." I straightened up and faced the beautiful dominant. "Much better; have my little pets finished preparing themselves?"
"Yes Goddess, Holes and Cunt are cleaned out and ready Goddess," Holes quickly responded from her position on the floor.
"Excellent, such good toys you both are. Then on your feet Holes and both of you may follow me to the foyer."
"Yes Goddess, thank you Goddess," Holes said as she quickly hopped to her feet. Lady Kara spun around on the platform of her boot and exited the room with her two naked female pets following obediently behind.
We reached the front foyer where the Mistress instructed my new slave sister and I to stand on a small marble platform facing each other while she brought in a small bag from the next room. She had us hug each other and affixed thick black leather cuffs to my wrists, securing my hands together behind Holes' back before applying the same method of bondage to Holes, forcing our bodies into a tight and warm embrace.
Lady Kara hooked a small luggage lock through the shiny silver ring that penetrated my left nipple and connected it through the gleaming golden ring in Holes' right nipple and clicked it closed, locking Holes and I together by our stiff little pink nubs of flesh. Our other nipple was also locked and even our clit and labia rings found themselves secured together with a series of small locks, our pink flesh brought together as one.
She pulled out a bright red ball gag with a tangle of black straps leading from it and held it in front of our faces. "I actually wanted to lock your tongue rings together, but obviously that plan won't work so feast your pretty eyes on the backup plan; a double ball gag."
Holes obediently opened her mouth wide the instant Lady Kara held the gag in front of her, anxious to demonstrate her obedience for her owner. The device was pushed between her soft ruby lips and the dominatrix deftly fastened the straps to hold it in place. She then gently pushed my head forward toward Holes' gagged orifice and I instinctively opened my mouth to allow the soft rubber device to lodge itself between my lips. Buckles were fastened and I found myself staring in Holes' beautiful green eyes, the breath from her nose and mine commingling as our mouths were locked together in a permanent kiss denied.
Indeed the two of us were now a singular organism, existing together in one connected body. We breathed together as one, our chests rising and falling in unison. I could feel the tug on the various nubs of sensitive flesh that connected to hers with each slight movement she made.
It wasn't long before Lady Kara's kinky guests began to arrive. She stood at the doorway and greeted them with enthusiasm and warmth. The first was an elegant looking older man with dark hair and olive skin who entered with a gorgeous redhead on a leash who was wearing only her collar and restraints. Her ample tits jiggled with the movement of her hips and her beauty electrified the room.
"Ricardo, thank you for coming, it's been far too long!" Kara exclaimed as she moved in to give the cultured gentleman an air kiss on each side of his face. "I see you still have the lovely Flame, how are you dear?" She inquired as she stepped forward to give the willowy pale skinned submissive a firm hug.
"I'm good Goddess Kara, happy as always on the end of my Master's leash."
"You've had her for four years now, haven't you Ricardo?"
"Six actually, she's been a delight to own and we're always finding new things to explore together."
"Oh my, where does the time go?"
"I know what you mean my dearest Kara. I must compliment you on your choice of décor for the evening, what a beautiful pair those two make. Are they both yours?"
"The blonde is mine, her name for the evening is Holes and if at any time when she's free you address her by her name, she'll gladly display all of her orifices for you."
"How clever you are indeed Kara. Your creativity never ceases to amaze me. What of this stunning brunette that you have so ingeniously attached to the lovely Holes?" My skin turned flush as the conversation became about me and I found myself enjoying the way the dominants were discussing me as if I had no capacity to understand them.
"Unfortunately she's merely a rental for the evening. Indeed I wish I could own her, for I'm afraid her current dominant and I use that term in the broadest possible way, is simply not up to the task of training a thoroughbred like her properly. How he convinced her to become his slave is beyond me."
"You never know my captivating Kara; it took two years to convince Flame to submit to me. She was concerned about our age difference as well as the discomfort she was feeling with regard to her own submissive instincts. Eventually she came around. Perhaps one day your raven haired beauty here will realize that she can do better and find herself at your doorstep." Flame slid her dainty hand down her Master's arm in a display of love and devotion, clearly content to be on his leash.
"One can only hope, my friend. Please enjoy the parlor, I've left out some equipment to serve as appetizers to keep you occupied in the meantime."
Lady Kara continued to greet every guest with equal passion. The dominants were generally dressed in elegant suits and dresses or in high quality fetish attire. Both male and female submissives on the other hand were usually naked and leashed and most had leather or metal restraints locked upon their bodies. Every guest upon entry took note of the beautiful pair of girls on the pedestal who were locked together by their various parts. They enjoyed the way our saliva flowed freely from behind the ball gag that Holes and I shared, the slimy sticky liquid dripping down to where our tits smashed together, making our skin glisten from the moisture.
I saw out of the corner of my eye that a group of four had arrived in the foyer. A middle aged man in an Armani suit and his stylish blonde wife entered, each with a leash in their hands. The gentleman was controlling a naked male with wavy blonde hair who crawled ahead of him while the wife held the lead of a very pretty university aged blonde girl who slinked alongside the male. Both pets were naked except for their dog collars and the shiny black rubber tails that stood at attention at their rears attached via plugs that filled their rectums. Further, their noses had been painted black to give them a pseudo canine appearance. The male's erect cock swung freely between his legs as he skulked along and the female's large tits swayed beneath her with each movement.
"Oh Bethany and Tom, you have unequivocally outdone yourselves tonight!" Lady Kara squealed with excitement. "Are these the new pets that you acquired? I don't believe I've had the pleasure."
"Indeed they are new," Tom confirmed. "We just got them about a month ago so please forgive us if their training is not yet complete."
"No worries Tom, I'm sure they'll perform just fine. How did you obtain them?"
"The girl, we named her Fluffy, contacted me on a sugar daddies website," Tom explained. "The poor thing was drowning in student loan debt, could barely make rent and had become rather desperate. Naturally the humane thing was to take in her and provide her with the opportunity to have her financial troubles erased in exchange for a mere two years of servitude."
"Fluffy is a wonderful little animal too, just a joy to own," Bethany piped up. "Spot here was her boyfriend and somehow he ended up becoming a part of the package. Of course their relationship status has changed rather dramatically, now they're kennel mates though we do allow them to earn coupling privileges on special occasions.
Fluffy extended her pink tongue and lapped Spot's face, generously licking his lips and leaving a gleaming layer of her saliva around his mouth. "Woof woof!" She proudly exclaimed as she wiggled her firm tanned ass back and forth.
Spot moved quickly behind Fluffy, licking her anus around her tail before wiggling his tongue over the moist folds of her exposed sex causing Fluffy to let out a series of deep moans of pleasure. As Spot moved his torso up on to Fluffy's back, his hard cock bobbed about to find the entrance to her fuck tunnel. Tom gave the leash in his hand a sharp yank and Spot swiftly abandoned his attempts to mate with Fluffy to return to her side. "Down boy!" Tom exclaimed. "Sorry about that Kara, Fluffy is in heat and Spot is constantly trying to mount her."
"Truly brilliant," Kara declared with admiration. "You always were skilled at staying ahead of the latest trend Bethany. Soon everyone will want to own puppies like yours. You will simply have to give me a demonstration of the tricks they've learned since becoming your faithful pets."
"You can count on it Kara," Tom replied. "And may I say I love your sculpture, simply breathtaking. I recognize your adorable little slave but who is the other dazzling creature attached to her?"
"That my darling is the Cunt; she is such a delight isn't she?"
"Most certainly she is and what a wonderfully descriptive name as well. You consistently have an eye for quality my dear," Bethany interjected.
The dominants chatted for a few more minutes, exchanging pleasantries and catching up before Lady Kara escorted them into the parlor. Holes and I stood as still as we could in the empty foyer though being so close to her and feeling her breath on my skin had me in a heightened state of arousal. I wanted so desperately to taste her and her eyes spoke volumes about her desires for me, but in our current bondage our sexual needs were as denied as the kiss that was thwarted by our shared ball gag.
After a while Lady Kara entered the foyer and deftly began to remove the locks that held Holes and I together. "It's almost time for dinner so we need to get you two positioned properly," she said with a comforting smile.
She held out a delicate leather gloved hand to help each of us down from our pedestal before motioning for us to follow her into the opulent dining room. A long table was set with expensive looking plates and cutlery. The Mistress pulled out a chair which we used to climb on to the table and kneel in the empty space in the middle. Holes knew to get into what was essentially an eat pose with her tits down, arms out front, spine arched and ass raised. I saw how Holes was positioned and I quickly emulated her, backing my ass up until it touched her silky smooth skin in accordance with Lady Kara's instructions.
"Raise your rear ends girls; I need for your anuses to point to the ceiling," she said, directing us into the proper position. We both shifted to try and point our back holes properly.
Lady Kara pulled out a large purple double headed dildo that flopped about as if it was looking for a home or in our case, two homes to penetrate. She tenderly touched Holes between her legs, feeling the how moist her little hole was before I sensed her warm fingers at the entrance of my love tunnel as well, spreading my soft pink labium and making contact with the copious amount of slick pussy juices that my lithe body was happily producing.
I felt the head of the silicone invader push my sex open and stretch me as the beautiful Mistress pushed it deeper and deeper inside me. She carefully inserted the other end into Holes and pushed it deeper inside both of us until the entirety of the intruder was shared between our two bodies. "Beautiful my little pets, simply stunning. You are going to be a gorgeous centerpiece for our little dinner."
Her next accessory required me to open my mouth as wide as possible. Upon complying I found my orifice filled with a bright red apple. My teeth sunk deep into the meat of the fruit and I could taste the sweet juices dripping into my mouth causing me to produce even more saliva than before and for a brief moment I experienced a fuzzy memory of my life before I was acquired when such treats were common. I overheard the Goddess give a similar order to Holes so I knew we were both similarly gagged.
The final touch was two tapered black candles that must have been close to half a meter long. The Goddess carefully lubed up the end of one which she introduced to the entrance of my anus. She pushed slowly and forcefully as I relaxed my body, letting it drive deep inside my rectum. She pressed on my spine to force my ass to rise even further, thus ensuring that the candle would stick straight up in the air. "There Cunt, you will need to hold this exact position. Do you think you can do that for me?"
I moved my head slightly in a nodding motion before the Mistress repeated the procedure with Holes whose rectum easily accepted the waxy visitor before lighting both candles. Upon completing the scene, she took a step back to admire her handiwork. "You both are just dazzling my pets. I know you're going to make me very proud of you."
The praise sparked a pleasurable wave of tingles to my little body. That combined with the way my hyper sensitive little clitty was rubbing against the ring in my fleshy hood as the huge dildo slid back and forth between my body and that of Holes, I thought for certain I was going to cum.
"I believe its time our guests enjoyed the view of the two of you as much as I have." She stepped out of the lavishly appointed dining room, leaving Holes and I unsupervised to push back on each other ever so lightly. We found ourselves reveling in the feel of the double headed dildo that filled our wet little whore holes; enjoying the silicone monster as it slid easily between our petite bodies. My little puckered anus pulsed and sucked on the candle that filled me in an attempt to ensure that it remained perfectly straight and upright.
It wasn't long before the guests entered the luxurious room; dominants took their seats at the table while slaves knelt obediently on the floor at their feet. The room was abuzz in admiration of Lady Kara's beautiful centerpiece; the two girls holding their position while sharing a large rubber toy and illuminating the room with their anal candles were a huge hit and Kara felt a sense of pride that the evening was shaping up to be far more successful than she imagined.
"You have outdone yourself Kara," said Ricardo as he used his fingers to slide a small piece of meat into Flame's eager mouth. "Your girls are even more spectacular as a table decoration than they were as statues in your foyer." Flame fervently licked and sucked her Master's fingers clean and held her mouth open for the next treat that her Master would bestow upon her.
The dinner was humming with excitement as the superiors enjoyed their gourmet meal. It smelled delicious and while many of the slaves were fed scrumptious morsels from their owner's hands, Holes and I were tortured by the delicious sights and smells of the food that our gagged mouths and restrictive positions would not allow us to partake in.
As the evening wore on, I felt the hot wax from the candle drip on to my smooth skin where it cooled and hardened, sealing my anus and coating the top of the rubber intruder that filled my fuck hole. I struggled at times to remain perfectly still in light of the way the hot material ignited the nerve endings in my sensitive skin, forcing me to steel myself and breathe heavily through my nose.
After a couple of hours of delicious wine, delectable food and riveting conversation, Lady Kara invited the attendees to retire back to the parlor room for the evening's festivities. As the last of the dominants and their slave pets had vacated the space, Lady Kara attended to Holes and I. She blew out the candles that had burned halfway down and removed the apple from my sore jaws. Withdrawing the waxy intruder from my rectum was another matter however, as the melted wax that coated my skin had to be peeled away before the Goddess could grip the candle by its base and give it a sharp tug outward. She directed me to move forward until my side of the double headed dildo popped out of my juicy little love canal before extending her hand to help me off the table. I stood obediently behind her as she repeated the process with Holes.
"Both of you are to proceed to the bathroom to clean yourselves up and then you will report to the parlor room, is that understood?"
"Yes Goddess," Holes and I said almost in unison.
She quickly turned and headed to join her guests in the parlor as Holes took my hand and led me back to the well appointed marble bathroom where we diligently removed the remainder of melted wax from the pleasurable little parts that resided between each other's legs until we were once again clean and presentable.
"You are such an incredible sister," she said as her lips brushed against mine, her love and adoration sending flutters of delight through my little body. "I hope you'll consider serving Goddess more often, that way we can be together."
"I like you too sister," I replied as I brushed an errant strand of hair from in front of my eyes and stared longingly into hers. Indeed I loved being with her, but I had no say in what my future might look like. Certainly I had no choice with regard to who I might serve or pleasure. I quickly leaned forward, closing the few centimeters that separated our lips and kissed her. Holes opened her mouth and slid her pierced tongue out until the shiny silver ring on the tip was deeply embedded in my mouth. Our soft pink tongues danced together for a few glorious minutes until our kiss broke off with strands of clear saliva connecting our bodies.
"We should rejoin the party sister; we wouldn't want to anger Goddess, now would we?"
I shook my head and we walked hand in hand to the parlor room which was abuzz with activity. Dominants sat comfortably on leather chairs and sofas engaged in lively conversation while some pets knelt quietly and others sniffed, licked and played with slaves who were nearby. We approached Lady Kara who was perched in a red high backed chair that resembled a throne that befitted the queen that she was. Holes knelt at her owner's feet with her head bowed and I moved quickly to emulate my slave sister. Lady Kara gently stroked each of our heads, her delicate fingers running through our silky hair like a comb while enjoying interactions with her guests.
Suddenly she stood and clapped her hands and the clatter of conversation died to a whisper. "My friends, we have a couple of fun activities planned for the evening. The first is a creative exercise that I think we will all enjoy. I am lucky enough to have a beautiful blank canvas upon which we may express our desires. At my feet is the Cunt, please rise for us dear and stand on the coffee table."
I quickly moved to stand on my bare feet and stepped upon the large wooden table that resided in the center of the room. I felt dozens of eyes on my naked form; nevertheless I kept my arms at my sides, remembering that the Cunt will always display its body without modesty. I could feel them watching the way the little silver bells on the rings that were embedded in the hard pink nubs at the ends of my firm tits swayed and jingled.
They stared at my slender little body which was completely exposed and vulnerable. Surely their eyes caught the way the rings that pierced the sensitive flesh between my legs glistened in the light. Perhaps they could even see the moisture of my little pink slit leaking out; an obvious sign of my arousal. Part of me felt humiliated and ashamed to be viewed like this. To have not only my bare form but my sexuality on display for the room, yet another part of me reveled in it. The more I was viewed, the more aroused I became. My body had already figured out what my brain was still trying to comprehend; that the more people who enjoyed the sight of my naked form, the more pleasure I felt.
"I have for you a box of Sharpie markers in a variety of colours and I'd like to ask you each to write whatever you desire on our dear Cunt's body. Holes please fetch the box of markers," Kara said as she stepped forward and approached me, her graceful fingers gently flicking my bells before squeezing my firm tits. Holes immediately jumped on to her bare feet, pulled a plastic container from the side cabinet and upon reaching her owner, knelt down and held the box above her head. The beautiful Goddess chose a black marker and I looked down to see what she was writing on my hairless pubic mound. "Now, now dear, keep your eyes straight. Understand?"
"Yes Goddess, thank you for correcting the Cunt Goddess," I quickly uttered as I straightened my head, focusing on the sensation of the tip of the marker on my skin. Upon completion of her message, Lady Kara returned to her seat while Holes remained in position, offering the container to anyone who may choose to partake in the activity.
Another dominant rose and grabbed a red marker, drawing what felt like circles around my hard pink nipples. One by one each dominant had an opportunity to leave their mark on my silky skin. It felt like every inch of me must have been covered in ink. My back, rear, legs, arms, breasts and pubic area all received attention. Even my face became covered in markings, but what it all looked like I had no idea.
Finally when everyone had enjoyed an opportunity to mark my slender form, the Goddess directed Holes to return the markers and kneel at her feet. "That was all good fun wasn't it?" The heads of everyone who participated nodded and their smiles made it obvious that in fact they had greatly enjoyed the activity. "I think I know each of you well enough to know that you'll enjoy our next activity. Since our slaves exist for our pleasure, they should entertain us with a display of their sexual desire. "May we have all of the submissives kneeling in the middle of the room? I'd like for that coffee table to be moved out of the way as well. Cunt, you may join them on the rug."
I stepped off the heavy table just as two of the male slaves were preparing to pick it up to relocate it to the side of the room. I found a space to kneel next to Fluffy who was squatting on her haunches on one side of me and a dark haired male slave with a fit muscular body kneeling on the other.
"I thought it would be fun if our slaves got to have a free style sexual romp, within whatever rules you as their owners agree to of course. As for Holes and Cunt, you both may cum as many times as you can, but you have to make your fellow subs cum as well," Kara instructed. The other dominants communicated similar commands to their pets and before I knew it, an order had been given for us to get to it.
Suddenly the male next to me had his hand on my left tit and was squeezing it as his tongue circled the edge of my ear. Fluffy pushed me on to my back and buried her face between my legs, licking and sucking on my clit with fervor, immediately sending me into the first of the many orgasms I would experience over the course of the evening. The rest of the night was a blur of tongues and teeth, cocks and cunt. Fingers tickled and explored, my own mouth licked and sucked and cocks entered all of my available orifices over and over again. We had become a twisted tangle of a dozen slaves engrossed in our own carnal pleasure. I lost all track of time or even awareness that the dominants were watching us intently, enjoying our display of hedonistic gratification as they sipped cognac and conversed.
At one point the male slaves were penetrating all my orifices at the same time. At another my mouth was filled with the dripping wet pussy of one slave while another female darted her tongue in and out of my anus. Our bodies glistened with sweat as we slid around against each other. There was no morality or repression; it was pleasure without guilt in its purest form. I had never in my existence felt as free or as sexually content as I was in that moment. All I knew were the constant tingles and flutters in my body as my nerve endings exploded with near constant stimulation. By the end of the party I collapsed on the red oriental style rug exhausted. My muscles continued to quiver long after my last orgasm and my tits heaved with each deep breath of air that filled my lungs. Every inch of my body was coated in a heady combination of sweat, saliva, cum and pussy juice. I could barely see much less think. All I knew was that I was in heaven.
After the orgy was complete I knelt obediently next to Holes in the foyer as Lady Kara warmly bid her visitors farewell and a safe journey home. The last of the guests, Tom and Bethany, stepped through the front door with Fluffy and Spot crawling on all fours in tow. Fluffy's glistening pussy dripped with the cum of half a dozen slaves and Spot's cock was finally spent, hanging flaccidly between his legs as he moved on all fours next to his beautiful blonde kennel mate.
Shortly thereafter the clock struck midnight and Lady Kara ordered me to my feet. She held me by my shoulders and gently pressed her lips to mine. "It's time for you to go, Cinderella. I truly treasured your company Cunt, you are an exquisite submissive and I hope I get to enjoy you again soon. Don't ever forget how special you are," she said with a bright comforting smile.
Holes stood up and wrapped her arms around me, pressing her warm little body into my own. The bodily fluids that coated both of our naked forms rubbed together as we embraced. She moved her lips to mine and we engaged in one final passionate kiss. Our pink tongues flickering against each other as we tasted the remnants of cum and juices that had previously filled our mouths until it was finally time for me to leave.
Lady Kara handed the pile of my dress, shoes, accessories and anal plug to me and gave my bare rear a playful smack as she sent me through the front door and down the walkway to where my Master stood next to his corroded compact car. His arms were crossed and his face was red. He stared at my naked little body, carefully reading the various messages that coated my skin, becoming increasingly more hostile as he did so.
He eyed me with anger and animosity as he opened the car door for me, slamming it shut as I barely cleared the doorway. He got into the driver's side and we proceeded down the driveway and out onto the street. I had spent the past six hours in a state of sexual delight that was heavenly, but he had spent the past six hours seething. Six hours of outrage and fury. Six hours of bitterness and resentment. Six hours of hell. We came to a stop at a traffic light where ours was the only visible car. My Master turned to me and shouted "You fucking disloyal whore!" Droplets of spittle sprayed from his lips and splattered all over my face as he spoke.
I felt nauseous. A pit of dread filled my little tummy. I had disappointed my Master and myself. His rage with me was only equaled by the anger I felt with myself for having put him in this unhappy position. I didn't know what I could say or even if I should say anything at all. None of it mattered though; I never saw the fist coming toward my face. A sharp burst of pain filled my cheek as my head smacked hard against the passenger side window and everything went black.
Look for the exciting conclusion coming next in Trapped, Trained and Twisted Pt. 09
(Thank you so much for reading my story! Please give me a good rating because this makes me feel good and be sure to leave respectful comments because I seriously adore hearing from you and seeing your thoughts and getting into good discussions, especially if there was something you didn't understand.
Keep in mind that I know this story might not be for everyone. It has some pretty dark parts in it that may make some people uncomfortable, but it was written to explore the psychology and methods of this kind of transformation. If its not your cup of tea, don't give it a bad rating, just move on and leave the rating judgement to people who enjoy this type of content and can evaluate it without a negative bias.
Also be sure to follow me because I've written a good number of stories that you may enjoy).