This story comes immediately after "Mrs. Wentworth and a Night the Opera" which followed the three chapters of the "Staying with Mrs. Wentworth" series. I really appreciate all the comments people made both publicly and privately on those stories. I benefit a lot from the comments and thoughts that help me understand how some characters are feeling (especially the female ones) and some of the details like fashion and things I have less experience with. And I try to always reply to feedback. I hope you enjoy reading as much I'm enjoying writing.
*
The morning after the opera, I woke up in the hotel next to Mrs. Wentworth (see Mrs. Wentworth and a Day at the Opera). This was only the fifth day I'd been with her since the start but it already seemed like a long time. When my mom had first made me go stay with Mrs. Wentworth, I was angry (see "Staying with Mrs. Wentworth"). After all, I'm an adult. I was 19 and grown up but my mom was making me stay with an old teacher of mine. Actually Mrs. Wentworth wasn't really super old, she just had seemed that way to me when I was in fifth grade so many years ago. But still, I was an adult and just because I still lived with my mom, she thought she could make me stay somewhere when she went on a business trip. I had to admit though, I was enjoying it now and really liked Mrs. Wentworth. It wasn't just a crush, I didn't think. I felt like I really cared about her and liked being with her.
The night at the opera was a lot of fun even though it was opera. I felt like she was treating me mostly like a grown up. And now I was next to her. It was sort of an accident. After all, it was a coincidence she had thought to pack an overnight bag and put it in the car. And we were lucky she thought to rent a room in the hotel just in case we had a few drinks. And even though she was a little drunk, she told me she had asked for two beds. It was a mistake the hotel gave us just one. I was lucky she had packed new silk pajamas for me. It was thoughtful. Still, all those coincidences led to me sleeping next to her even if it was mostly innocent.
I had been surprised how fast she fell asleep and how tight she held my arm in her sleep. I felt guilty about playing with her nipple. My fingers ended up against that part of her nightgown by accident of her sleep movements. And when I came in my new pajamas while pressed against her I would have cleaned up if her sleep grip wasn't holding me there.
Anyway, when I woke up it was from feeling the covers pulled back and watching her slink out of bed, trying not to wake me up. I enjoyed the view of her getting up and didn't say a word. But when she returned from the bathroom, I pretended to be waking up. She didn't notice until she had climbed back in bed and squished next to me.
"Good morning sleepyhead," She said. Did my sweet Stevie have a good night's sleep in his darling new jammies?" She kept the covers down and looked at me. I don't think she noticed the staining which had dried but she must have noticed my morning hardness. I wake up most morning with an erection. And I knew my morning wood was making a tent.
I didn't want to call attention if she didn't and I also felt weird, like usual, when she said things like jammies. I'm a grown up and she sometimes treated me like a kid. So all I did was smile and say "Good Morning."
she reached over and started rubbing my pajama shirt and said, "I just love the way silk feels against skin. These are so soft of slippery and wonderful feeling, don't you agree? Don't you love the way this feels?" She kept rubbing my shirt softly on shoulders and chest and even stomach.
This was killing me, I loved it. I could feel my cock twitch in my pajamas and I wanted to hide it but I didn't want to call attention to it. She just lay there rubbing my pajamas shirt and smiling without realizing what she was causing I guess. All I could say was "Yes, I agree. It feels great Mrs. Wentworth." She didn't need to know what I meant.
Then she stopped and looked past me at the night stand on the other side. "Wait," She said. "Let me grab the program." She meant the program from the opera the night before. She moved to reach over me or crawl over me. I was pushed onto my back and she was on top of me leaning over. It was awkward. Her breasts were hanging partly in my face really but that wasn't the worst of it. Or best of it. Because she was stretching, trying to grab the program and having trouble, her body was sort of squishing my hardon. Her hips pushed on it and her reaching and stretching made her sort of wiggle around on me. I groaned silently and tried to pretend nothing was happening but really I wanted to just grab her and do something right there. I think if I had been more experienced in the sex department I might have.
I concentrated and tried hard not to explode and embarrass myself. Finally she found it and slid slowly off me. She showed me the program and I didn't hear what she said because I was staring at her nipples making bulges in her nightgown and trying not to be obvious.
Finally, she said something about a shower and she got out of bed and went to take a quick shower. Eventually, we both had showers. Mine was a little cold to calm me down. But we got dressed. She had packed clothes for me for today too. Not a suit but not jeans either. My pants were dressier and it seemed kind of adult. But by the time I got ready, she had packed everything and we headed downstairs. In the lobby she had me give the suitcase to a worker there who took it to the car and we went to have breakfast. While we ate, she said we were going to spend the day together in the city and have a nice time together. I was happy knowing that I would be happy just being with her. It was different but I really didn't care at all what we did. I just liked spending time with her.
After breakfast, we were walking to the car but she wanted to cross back over to the opera house first. Obviously I came too. It wasn't very early because we hadn't made it out of bed and down to breakfast very early. But it was around 11 in the morning so the information window was open. While she talked to them, I looked around. I didn't know what she lost but I just wanted to look at the impressive building.
Anyway, she came back with a big smile and put her arm in mine and walked around with me. In fact, she pushed us out of the main hall and into the area where the boxes were. I still think the boxes were one of the coolest parts of the whole thing. We went into the one we sat in before. We stood there looking at the empty theater and she said, "here it is sweetheart: our box, our special place to watch the opera and all the people."
I have to admit I liked it. Here I was with this person I was getting to know better all the time and feel happier to be with all the time. And we were in this luxury kind of place, a private opera box. She had her arm in mine and was squeezing me close to her and I loved it. She really did something to my insides in a way I would not have predicted when I first came over to her house and was annoyed at having to stay with her.
I also liked when she called me sweetheart instead of some other things that were more demeaning. Sometimes she seemed to treat me like I was less mature than her even though I was absolutely an adult, just a younger adult than she was. But sometimes women talk that way about jammies for example. Sometimes though, we had a much more mature relationship. After all, a couple very sexual things had happened between us. The circumstances were always a little odd but they were still very erotic. Sweetheart was one of the words that could be taken different ways but I took it like a word she might say on a date with a guy she liked.
It may seem weird but feeling her pressing close to me and moving her arm around my waist as we stared at the empty theater made me a little bit horny. Actually, something about her always seemed to make me horny. It didn't hurt that her hand wasn't exactly on my waist but had slipped down a little and she was using my back pocket for her fingers. It sounds perfectly innocent and I'm sure it was for her but her fingers in my pocket right there actually made me a little bit hard. It didn't last because some security guard poked his head in and told us they were closed and we shouldn't be there.
That was okay, though. We walked away and back out of the building. She had her arm in mine all the way to the car which was waiting for us. I wasn't sure what was next but we drove a few miles away and went shopping. Obviously I didn't need anything but Mrs. Wentworth was looking in a lot of different shops. She didn't buy anything at first. We walked arm in arm like she needed support but I think she was just keeping me close.
We ended up in a shop that sold a lot of dresses after visiting five or six others. A very nice woman helped her out and showed her dresses while I waited. After what seemed like forever, she looked at me and said "I don't buy a thing unless Stephen approves of it. Honey, will you tell which of these three you like best? It's what I'm going to wear tomorrow night." Of course I had no idea what tomorrow night was but I went along and thought I'd figure it out.
The saleslady smiled and everyone seemed happy. The two of them went into a dressing area and finally came back out with Mrs. Wentworth wearing a long dress. It was some kind of plaid and had a high neck and was kind of boring. They both looked at me and I just shrugged and said "it's nice I guess." They went back.
Then they came out with a very different dress. It was a lot shorter and pink and very tight. It may have even been too tight. Mrs. Wentworth said "I know you can see my underwear lines and tell what I'm wearing underneath but ignore that and pretend I'm not wearing anything under it." I didn't say anything because I was imagining what she just said about wearing nothing under it.
She frowned and said "I can tell he doesn't like it." And then she turned and went back and the other lady followed.
They came out a third time and I liked it much better. She could tell by my smile but I said, "wow! That's nice."
She smiled and so did the other lady. "I knew he'd like it better," Mrs. Wentworth said. It was a nice blue dress. Not slutty or anything but it had a lower neck and sort of hung down looser. The skirt was not tight at all. It was actually longer and real loose but it just seemed better on her.
While the other lady went to get some shoes or something, Mrs. Wentworth bent over to the chair I was sitting in and kissed me on the cheek. "I'm glad you like what you see," she said. I did like what I saw because when she bent down, the dress hung loose and I could see down her neckline and see her whole bra practically. It really did look good on her but that definitely sealed the deal for me.
She went back and changed back to her other clothes and we left after paying. It was nice although she made me carry the box they put her dress in and then another box from a shoe store we went to next and then a smaller box with cookies and then a fourth box with a purse in it. I felt like a servant at that point.
We had shopped for hours and skipped lunch. But I really didn't mind. I had fun. But now my hands were very fell and so we went back to the car. The car was in a parking garage because street parking is almost impossible in the city. We loaded the trunk with the boxes and then I held the door so she could get in. She likes it a lot when I hold the door. But I think she brushed against something and she asked me to help brush her off.
I didn't see much but I brushed some lint or something off the back of the blouse she was wearing. I was gentle of course but when you brush you can feel everything. I kind of liked brushing and feeling her bra through her blouse. It was the back of it but it was fun.
She said, "No, Stephen," and I worried I was too forward. But then she added "the blouse isn't so bad. I need you to do the skirt, dear. Be a good boy and help me out." When she said it, she put her hands on the side of the car and bent so her butt side stuck out and the skirt was tight against it.
I wanted to be helpful to Mrs. Wentworth and I didn't mind the opportunity to place my hand on her butt too. So I brushed a little slowly. She didn't notice or she didn't mind. I didn't want to go too long so I stopped pretty soon. But then she told me, "please be very thorough. Make sure you get everything." Then she bent a little more to give me a better angle I guess. I liked that. He skirt got tight from stretching and I could see and feel her panty lines while I brushed her off. It was pretty sexy and I got pretty hard. I think I brushed a little slow and cupped my hand a little so it was a lot like feeling her. Finally I stopped. I loved doing it but I didn't want to push my luck or make her think I was taking advantage of her.
When I stopped she almost seemed disappointed. "Oh, did you finish? Thank you, dear Stephen."
Then we got in the car and I started driving. She told me where to go and I realized we were done with the city. On the way back to where we lived, I mean where Mrs. Wentworth's house was, she directed me a small shop in a quiet shopping plaza. When we parked, I went in with her. It was a little embarrassing because it was a store for ladies underwear and lingerie. I was allowed in because I was with her and no one seemed to mind but Mrs. Wentworth was looking for something special. The sales helpers were all well dressed women. I guess I didn't know what to expect. It's not like they'd all just be wearing underwear or nightgowns. But the mannequins were all very sexy. I even found myself staring at one and thinking how cool it would be to take the mannequin home and do whatever I wanted.
But when I stopped daydreaming, I found an older lady talking to me. "Please sir, if you would follow this way while Madame tries on some clothing." I followed her and realized I wasn't paying attention and hadn't seen Mrs. Wentworth wander into a helping area. The older lady found me a chair and placed it right near the door to the dressing room.
I tried not to look but then couldn't help it. The room had a curtain and it was open a crack so I couldn't help look through. I kept leaning forward to tie my shoe because when I was bent forward like that I could subtly look through the curtain's narrow opening. Unfortunately, Mrs. Wentworth was in another room inside that area. The sales helper was talking to her and holding clothes and helping her decide. Then, suddenly, I heard her say "oh that's a good one to keep too. Come look at it in this mirror by me." And then Mrs. Wentworth came out of the inner room and into the outer area. My eyes almost popped out. She was wearing the greatest underwear. It was black with white dots but everything matched and it included panties and a bra and stockings and even a garter belt.
I only got a short look because the older lady came back right then and saw me bent down and asked, "is everything okay?" I sat up real fast and sat back in my chair and tried to act natural and just be relaxed. She smiled and almost laughed. I think maybe I was busted. But she sat down and asked me if I liked to go shopping. "I don't think I've seen you in my store before. Is this your first time or is she buying something for you?"
I got red a little from being angry but also a little embarrassed. "No, of course it isn't for me. I mean I never come here at least I didn't before and I'm just helping."
I'm sure I was a little hyper but it was good that Mrs. Wentworth came out right at that second. She hadn't gotten dressed again and didn't notice me when she went by to bend down and look at some shoes on the next shelf over. She stayed bent for a while so I really had no choice but to have a very close up view of her gorgeous full butt in flimsy, very sheer, but with a full back piece silk panties.
She slipped the shoes on and admired her feet in a low mirror before walking back into the dressing area. She noticed me just at the end and added as an afterthought, "oh hi there sweetie-pie, almost done and we can pack up my purchases and go." The she disappeared.
The older lady gave a soft laugh, kissed me on my cheek, and said "see you later, sweetie-pie." Then she left giggling.
Minutes later, Mrs. Wentworth came out and walked quickly past so I had to get up to follow her and her helper. We went up to the front and the older lady checked us out, taking the money from Mrs. Wentworth, handing me the bags, and winking at me. To Mrs. Wentworth she just said, "I hope we get to see a lot more of you in the future. We want to thank you for your business and look forward to fulfilling all your needs." Then we left.
I put everything in the trunk. We'd bought a lot that day. As I started driving away, Mrs. Wentworth was returning a phone call. I didn't know who she was calling or why then I realized we hadn't talked to my mom. I mean I hadn't. I didn't want to really and fortunately that isn't who she was calling. I heard her say, "Hi Janine. Of course I didn't forget. We aren't late are we? Why, I'm with Stephen of course. Now, stop that. You really are very wicked. He's very helpful. No. No. Stop it. I know you're kidding. Yes, we were just about to head your way. Great. We'll see you soon."
She hung up and frowned. "Darling, I have bad news. My dear friend Janine had invited me over for tea and I can't believe I forgot. I'm sure you remember her from our tea party. I'm sorry but we have to go. I hope you don't mind."
I did remember Janine (see Staying with Mrs. Wentworth, Day Three) but I didn't say what I remembered just "yes of course. I don't mind at all. I'm more than happy to go anywhere with you." It was the right thing to say because she smiled real big and kissed me even though I was driving.
When we got to Janine's, she had a nice house but not as big as Mrs. Wentworth's. It was nice though and she let us in. She was alone but told us her husband was at work but Kim was going to stop by in a little while but no one else. Actually, she looked real good. Her dress was lower cut than last time and I could see the line of her cleavage. I liked Mrs. Wentworth a lot more but Janine was distracting. She hugged Mrs. Wentworth and winked at me over her shoulder while she was doing it. Then she grabbed me and said "come here you cute thing." Then she hugged me and grabbed both cheeks of my butt and pulled our hips tightly together.
Mrs. Wentworth looks disapproving, like the teacher she used to be and said, "stop that Janine. You'll set a bad example."
We separated and everyone went into the kitchen with Janine pinching my butt as I walked. We walked through the kitchen where Janine had been cooking and drinking too if the half empty bottle meant anything. We went through to the dining room. I guess these ladies had tea together a lot. While we sat down, Janine rushed off to the door because Kim had apparently arrived. While she was gone, Mrs. Wentworth whispered to me to be careful because Janine was unpredictable and could be "mischievous when she's been drinking. I don't want her to give you the wrong idea."
I was about to sit down when Janine came back with Kim behind her. "Kimmie, you remember the delicious Stephen don't you? Give him a hug." Then she pushed the shy Kim into me and we hugged each other tighter than we might have because Janine was pushing Kim into me.
We sat down and Mrs. Wentworth helped Janine pour the water for tea. The good news is there were little cakes on the table and cookies. In addition to tea, Janine gave each of them a martini. I noticed Mrs. Wentworth drank hers pretty quickly. Janine does that to her I think. I didn't get a martini but I did have some of the tea. I also was the first one to help myself to the cookies. I guess no one wanted to be first but I didn't mind.
Janine had arranged things so I was right next to her around a small circle table. She reached next to me and put her hand on my knee. Then she said loudly, "He seems very hungry. I hope he doesn't just eat cookies." Mrs. Wentworth didn't react but she glared at her again.
Janie said, "I'm glad everyone came. I hate to just drink alone. Tea, I mean. Now that everyone is here we can have martinis. Help yourself to the pitcher on the table. No one wants just one do they? Now, dear sweet Doris, please tell us all about how you've been corrupting your delicious young man today." I sort of liked being called delicious and she looked at me almost like I was a steak she was going to eat.
On the other hand, Mrs. Wentworth took things differently. She did help herself to another martini. But she was getting more annoyed with Janine. Or maybe embarrassed. "Janine, please! We're all happy to be here but you give Stephen such a bad idea of how respectable ladies behave. We've done nothing of the kind. I expanded Stephen's cultural education at the opera last night and he accompanied me on some shopping today. Then we joined the two of you for tea. It's all very respectable."
Janine rolled her eyes. "Doris, could you be more boring? Opera and shopping aren't exactly the wild life kids are hoping for. You could have at least stayed out all night at downtown bars or slept in the park. Did you at least buy something fun? I'm surprised our young stud didn't fall asleep last night or today." Then she reached over again and squeezed with a hand in my lap and on my thigh.
I stayed calm and had another cookie but Mrs. Wentworth got defensive. "Stayed out all night indeed! We went home and got a good night's sleep."
She was lying. Not that it mattered but she tried not to look at me before she continued. "Then this morning we went to a few stores and bought a few things I needed and some groceries." I guess she didn't want to talk about where we went which was okay with me but I didn't know why she didn't want to say.
Janine turned to me. "Stephen, I'm sorry. Opera wouldn't be on my list. I'd take you to a motel and spend the afternoon giving you a completely different education. In fact my husband won't be home for an hour. We could ditch these two and go upstairs so I can give you some private lessons unless you think we should have Kimmie join us for a threesome?" She grinned.
I knew she was teasing but Kimmie just giggled while Mrs. Wentworth yelled at her. "Janine! Honestly, stop it. You're just trying to shock us now." They were sort of mad at each other but not completely. It seemed like it was a kind of teasing they were used to. And they soon started talking about something else as if nothing had happened. But I was daydreaming about what they said and trying not to look like I was picturing the whole thing in my head.
They kept talking and I stared at each woman one after another. It was fun being there with them even though this was kind of boring. Janine was very flirty and it annoyed Mrs. Wentworth. I think she noticed each time Janine reached over and patted my leg. She did it a lot. I think Janine was teasing me on purpose. And each time she talked to me, which was only a few times, she turned in my direction and did it. The last two times she actually reached over and grabbed the bulge in my pants and squeezed. Mrs. Wentworth glared each time and on the last time actually hissed angrily at her. I guess that stopped it.
Janine was drunk I think. She'd had three martinis which is a lot and I was sure she'd had a drink before we got there. Mrs. Wentworth had three too but she didn't have anything first and she was still a little on the drunk side.
Janine's dress was the kind that wraps around and ties. It makes great cleavage but also when you sit you can play with and expose lots of leg like Janine did. In fact, she exposed a lot more. She moved a leg outside the chair and pushed the bottom of the dress up pretty high. I know she did it on purpose because she looked at me and smiled and looked down so I could see she was showing me her panties. They were very blue and had lots of lace trim. I had to look.
Mrs. Wentworth was real mad and Janine seemed to be trying to make her madder. Suddenly she grinned and said, "Doris, you said something about shopping. I think I bought more fun things than you did. The new undies I bought are probably better than whatever you are wearing. Let me show you." Then she stood up and untied her dress and unwrapped herself. The bra matched her panties and she was definitely right about looking good. Then she walked over and showed herself to me but talked to Mrs. Wentworth even though she was looking at me. "Doris, maybe we should all open our dresses and see whose underwear your delicious pupil likes best?" Then she leaned in and her breasts were six inches from my head. "Does Stevie want to judge all his lady friends? Hmmmm?"
I think I was smart to be quiet. Mrs. Wentworth was up and over and pushed Janine back. She seemed pretty mad. "Sit down you drunken bitch and stop it. You're just trying to make me angry and it won't work."
Then Janine, who really was trying to make her mad and had succeeded, just giggled and said, "Doris, my love, I don't want you to be mad. I just want Stephen on his knees to eat me. But if you want to lick instead, I don't mind." And then she just started laughing.
Mrs. Wentworth didn't react how I thought. That didn't make her mad anymore. She just turned and said "We should leave, Stephen. I think Janine needs some alone time. Why don't you thank Janine for the tea and we'll be on our way."
I thought would create another fight but it didn't. We just got up and I said thank you and Mrs. Wentworth said "Thank you Janine. We'll have to do this again soon. Oh, why don't we give Kim a ride, she's had as much as I did."
With that, we all moved to the door and it was like nothing had happened. Janine had completely removed her dress but hugged both Mrs. Wentworth and Kim like friends. Then she grabbed me and kissed me very hard rubbing her half naked body against me. She let go and whispered in my ear "next time we fuck." Then she smiled and we all left.
We got in the car with me driving. The others had had a few too many. That's why we were driving Kim home. She actually lived nearby and we dropped her at her house. Mrs. Wentworth walked her to her door and they talked for about a minute before she came back. Then Mrs. Wentworth got in and we headed home. I waited a few minutes and nothing was said so I jumped in. "So, what was that all about? It was kind of a weird afternoon, huh?"
Mrs. Wentworth sighed and then looked at me while she thought about what to say. "Stephen, you're such a good sport to put up with all of us. Janine must have been shocking to you."
I knew I should have been shocked I guess but I wasn't really. In fact, it kind of turned me on but I knew enough not to say that.
"Mrs. Wentworth, I wasn't shocked at all. I mean I have friends who are a lot like that so no big deal. I just wasn't sure how everything went and how we knew when to leave and stuff like that."
Mrs. Wentworth smiled and said "you have friends like Janine? A lot of the girls you know tease you, grab your crotch, invite you to get on your knees and take their dresses off? Maybe you lead a more exciting life than I think Stevie dear."
I knew she was kidding but I couldn't help being embarrassed. "No, I didn't mean that. I don't know a lot of girls who are into anything really. But, you know, some people do stuff and talk certain ways. I just mean I was cool with it."
She reached over and patted me on the knee and laughed a little. "Yes, of course. Actually, sweetie, Janine has always been a little wild and likes to get crazy sometimes. She also likes to drink and that makes her crazier. I could tell you stories about when she and Kim and I were all younger. Never mind though. I was a little worried that she was might have been a little bit serious about trying to seduce you. But most of it was just to try to make me angry. She has always liked to tease me for fun. There was a time in college when, well never mind. I knew it was time to go."
Then Mrs. Wentworth got less serious and playfully slapped my arm. "Not that you seemed to complain when one of my best friends was almost naked and throwing herself at you. Maybe that's what you like, dear. You like to have all your women strip to their underwear and drape themselves on you." She was laughing but made it sound like a crazy movie script.
I just laughed too and said "no, no. I don't like that. I mean that isn't what I was thinking. I mean it hasn't happened before. She's your friend and I was being polite." She laughed and smiled at me.
By then we were home and she let me hold the door open for her before she got out. It was a little like I was her driver and a little like I was her date. But while she opened the front door, I got most of the bags and the little suitcase from the trunk and brought them in. She took two of the bags and asked me to take the others up to her room.
I took everything up. Since she was downstairs and I had a few seconds, I took a minute or two and looked at the silky bed sheets and then at her dresser. I looked inside it but then decided to just head back down.
She was on the couch and had opened a bottle of wine. "Come to me sweetie. We're going to have a lazy evening and drink too much wine. There's a tray of little appetizers I'm reheating in the oven just to give us something to bite. Now come here."
I went and sat by her. It was awesome. She and I drinking wine, relaxing on the couch and just hanging out with each other like there wasn't anyone else she wanted to be with. Ten minutes later the oven bell went off and I got up and put the appetizers on a plate. There were a lot and I brought them over.
But as I was setting them down, she asked one of her questions again. "Stevie, darling, I am wondering something. You can tell me honestly, Stevie. Janie said you should eat her and I wondered if you had ever done that before? Now before you fly off the handle, this is just private talk between friends. I know a lot of men don't and I think you probably never have, have you?"
I just stared at her for a really long time. Sometimes, she seemed crazy. Did she want to embarrass me? I mean it was really personal and not the thing you ask. I guess she was a little drunk. Maybe that was it. Of course I hadn't. I wanted to but I didn't ever have a girlfriend where that was possible. I just wasn't experienced so I admitted it. "Yeah, well I haven't exactly done that. I mean I don't really remember every date I ever had but I think I probably didn't get around to that."
She giggled. "You'd remember my cutie. I guess a man never really does that right away. He needs some help."
But then she was looking thoughtful and sort of far away in thought. "A man learns when someone shows him. A teacher is what a man needs. He needs someone who, for his own good, shows him what to do. A good teacher does that." She didn't seem like she was talking to me. It was more like she was just talking and I happened to be there. She wasn't even looking at me.
I didn't want to keep talking about not being experienced so I dropped it. She kept drinking wine and I was drinking the glass she gave me and eating a lot of the things she made. It wasn't dinner but I wasn't super hungry anyway.
She pulled off both her shoes and stretched out her legs which I almost had to stare at. I liked her legs a lot. She could probably figure that out too. But pretty quickly she got up and said "be right back." I heard her go upstairs and knew she would change.
She came back down wearing a nice silk robe but it was long. I liked her short ones better but I guess the leg show was over. She sat down and started flipping TV channels. Finally she stopped and shut the TV off.
She took a very big drink of wine and then turned to me. "Stevie, I know we're friends now and your mommy told you to help me when I need it. You've been a wonderful helper but I can't forget that I was and I still am your teacher. And I'm also really embarrassed about what happened today with Janine. But I have a solution. Stevie, sweetheart, will you trust me?"
She looked so serious and so concerned, I didn't know what to say. But of course I trusted her. "Mrs. Wentworth, of course I trust you a lot and I know that I have learned a lot just talking to you so whatever you say is okay with me."
That made her happy, I guess. She then turned on the couch and whispered. I don't know why she was whispering. No one was watching but maybe she was nervous. She put her feet up and bent her knees and parted her legs. I could see a pair of white silk panties covering her as her legs got wider. All I could do was look at them in awe. She didn't mind.
"Stevie, darling, we're going to begin a lesson. This is just a lesson. It's perfectly clinical, that's all. Intimacy like this would often happen when your partner was not clothed but I'll leave these very thin, sheer panties on so you know we're just studying and learning. Now I want you to bend over and gently kiss my thigh near the panties leg hole. This is how a man starts to orally please his partner."
I didn't believe this was happening and I didn't speak because I was afraid I would mess things up. I just followed.
I leaned in and kissed and licked gently all the way to the edge of her panties. I liked the way she smelled. Her smell was very strong and like a unique kind of perfume.
By this point she had both hands on my hand caressing the back of my head but one was gently pulling me up further. "Now place small kisses up and down the front of the panties. Yessss, just like that. Now stop up here and spend a few minutes kissing." Her panties were soft and a little wet but just a little.
Her legs were a little wider and her speaking voice was breathier, like she was having a little trouble with her breath. "Stevie, that's a woman's clitoris. Sometimes it's easier to notice a woman's clitoris when I'm excited. It's very sensitive even through my panties so be gentle but your partner will like the attention you pay here."
I was trying to follow her instructions carefully but it also made sense just to kiss and lick gently and make sure she was responding. I knew she was teaching me but I thought that getting a real response would happen if I was doing it right.
She wasn't talking as much as when we started and her hands on my head were holding it tight, almost pulling my hair. Her body didn't stay still which made it harder but I think it was because she was having fun too. Sometimes she would talk between gritted teeth: "yes, Stephen, OH, right, yes that's what I meant." Other times, she wasn't very specific: "yes, oh yes, thats a good idea."
She had loosened her grip and I lifted my head to just look a bit and her back was arched backward which made it hard for her to see what I was doing. Also her eyes were closed but I think she could feel it.
Her panties were even wetter which I could feel on my chin. It was then that I figured out that arousal makes a woman sometimes get wet. Mrs. Wentworth wasn't really speaking anymore, just making noises and moving around.
Suddenly, I felt her body shaking and her legs twitching and heard a muffled sound from her head but I didn't want to stop tasting her. It wasn't long after that though that she pulled on my head and pulled me off her and slid me up so I wasn't doing it anymore.
She held my head and seemed to be catching her breath. I was pretty sure she had an orgasm even though she was just teaching me. Actually her orgasm made me feel better than almost any part of it. I got a lot of pleasure inside just from knowing that I had caused an orgasm in her no matter why it happened.
After a while, she moved back to her old position and sat back up on the couch. I figured she would have to go upstairs and change again but she didn't leave.
A few minutes later, she didn't look at me became all teacher-voiced again and said, "anyway, so you can see that if you happen to be with a woman sometimes and she has some interest in something like that you'll know what to do. You can see why it was very naughty of Janine to suggest something like that today. I don't know what she was thinking."
I wasn't sure what would happen next so I just said, "Yes, it was very surprising and not right of her to ask that."
I wanted to be grateful but wasn't sure what to say exactly so I added, "Um, thank you for the lesson for me though." I wasn't sure what to say next because I wanted her to know how much I enjoyed doing it for her but not if she would think that was weird.
She finally turned to me and smiled and said "you're just the sweetest young man, aren't you?" And then she leaned over and kissed me. It was nice. Not too quick either which was sort of funny because I bet my mouth kind of tasted different because of where it had just been.
I stayed pretty hard the rest of the night but all we did was talk about other stuff, finish the wine, and the appetizers. She kissed me goodnight, got up, walked into the laundry room for a second and then to bed. "Night night sweetie."
It wasn't late but I was actually pretty tired. I walked by the laundry room too about fifteen minutes later. I went in and found she had left the panties she was just wearing on the top of a hamper in there. I could tell because it was open and they sort of hung on the edge. I couldn;t help myself and grabbed them. They were still wet, obviously. I wasn't about to jack off in the laundry room so I slipped them in my pocket and went upstairs.
Mrs. Wentworth's door was open because she has that open door policy, as she calls it. I put my head in and said good night. She was already in bed and said "night night, Stevie. Thanks you for taking care of me today. I hope you get to sleep easily."
I changed pretty quick and got under the covers and masturbated right away. The panties were my inspiration. The open door rule made me be nice and quiet as much as I could so she didn't hear. But I came pretty fast and the panties reminded me of the new amazing that happened and all the amazing things that had happened all day. It was a wild day and I fell asleep smiling and looking forward to the next day.