Authors note: this work is for all readers regardless of sexual orientation. I'm not openly bisexual but certainly curious as to who this will appeal to. Please do leave your comments and make them as lurid as you like as that will turn me on. Maybe you'll cum with me. I'd love to know.
Any men out there will surely identify with my relationship with my Precious (no, I'm not Gollum but it's my pet name for my cock). I love it, I absolutely fucking love it. I love the feel of it in my hand when it's not aroused. It's malleable and the skin is soft yet I can make out the shape of the head with my finger tips. As I stroke it and it starts to grow, it gets thicker, the fine veins start to show and the skin pulls back on it's own accord, revealing the sensitive head. I get aroused easily and it really doesn't take long for it to be rock hard in my hand. The sensation of gripping the rigid shaft and pulling back on the skin is wonderful. Mother Nature has given us men one gift and boy, do I love it! My cock easily responds to being touched and I can wank off quickly if need be (in some circumstances it has to be quick as I take quite a few risks from time to time). Having some visual inspiration, or just simply dirty thoughts, makes it more fun though.
"Dirty thoughts?" I hear you ask. Now I'm blushing as I'm not quite ready to share exactly how dirty I could be. But yes, my imagination is pretty much "out there" as they say. There's not much I would say no to, within the bounds of legality and consent. I believe that you have to try things at least once before you can confidently say "No, that's not for me."
I may be persuaded to elaborate another time but for now, let's just concentrate on my cock.
Ok so it's not huge, certainly when it's cold or I've been exercising. I go naked on the beach and see other guys and yes, I admit I am somewhat jealous. I'd love it to be six inches when soft but it's not. Heaven knows how big they get when fully erect, though I am aware that ladies, or men of course, could find that uncomfortable. My cock is decent enough when hard and does the job plus it's easier to deep throat (nudge-nudge, wink-wink). Having said that, I've only seen huge erect cocks in porn. I've yet to experience one in person. "Yet to" being the operative term as I fully intend to meet up with a horny stud and wank him off sometime.
But I digress. This is about MY cock. The cock that gives me so much pleasure and joy. The cock that has spurted so much semen over the years. Some of it inside fleeting lovers or over their tits, their arses, in their mouths and over their faces. Much of it has found its way onto my stomach or into tissues and some, rather kinkily I think, deposited in public places. I'll admit it. I am a serial wanker.
So why am I telling you, the reader, this? I'd say there's an element of exhibitionism in my story. A hint of bravado even. I"d certainly I'd be open to a public display if the opportunity presented itself, within the bounds of legality of course. I'm not going to jump out of the bushes in the park waving my erect cock at you but, should you ask, I'd be up for you watching me. And if you were to join in, that would be even better.
I'd like to elaborate and admit that I am indeed an exhibitionist. I can't actually go online here and wank for or with you but I do hope you'll enjoy the following account as an immediate alternative for being there in person.
After several days of abstinence, my cock is ready for some proper action. It's a sort of self-imposed abstinence in the sense that for one reason or another I've not come. I get erect easily and can play, tease and edge without spilling the juice. Sometimes this can go on for an hour or more whilst watching porn or reading erotica. I know when I need to stop though sometimes the little devil in my mind takes charge and I just have to carry on, momentarily losing all control of my actions.
I like to get close, stop and then start again, building the tension and desire. Building up to orgasm over a few days can be so intense and if I've been playing late at night and drift off to sleep, my level of horniness when I awake can be off the scale. I'll wake up with the most marvellous hard-on, tempting me to grab it and wank furiously. Sometimes I do just that and this morning I am so ready for it that I know I'm not going to stop, nor will I last long. It's going to be a fast and furious wank to completion.
I've lost count how many days it is now since my last wank or sex but it has to be a good week and that is highly irregular for me. The sun is filtering through the lightweight curtains to my room and as it's the height of summer the covers are pushed away and I'm just wearing some loose boxers. I wonder if you are watching me via a hidden camera installed in the light fitting above me. My body is fully exposed to you and I can sense the hardness of my cock without even touching it. It is screaming for release, hard as iron.
I softly tease it in my left hand, squeezing the head intermittently as I fondle my balls with the other hand, pressing into them. I trail one finger from the base of my shaft towards my arsehole, feeling the hardness of the muscle, through my boxers, as it moulds into my body.
I need to come. And fast.
I grasp the shaft through my loose garment and start to wank, grasping my balls and pushing the finger closer to my sensitive hole. Long fast strokes raking my nails over the top. Sensations of pleasure rush through my cock and I breathe deeply as I lift my hips. Pushing the boxers away to release my cock I marvel at the sight of its thickness and wrapping my hand around it I grip firmly and wank fast.
I flick a finger tip around my arsehole and feel the cum rising through my cock. I'm now frantically wanking hard and spit onto my fingers for some lubricant so I can starting to finger my arse. My hand is thumping against my groin and I'm breathing fast. I can feel that familiar sensation of my chest tightening as my cock tingles from the exertion and beating. I tighten my grip and get up onto my knees, watching myself in the full length mirror. It's like being in my own private porn movie. I hope you are watching and playing with yourself, anticipating the money shot.
Legs apart, my arse tightening on my finger, I am now beating my cock into submission. I feel the cum rising in me, thrust forward and watch in the mirror as the first spurt of semen explodes from my cock. It hits the floor with a splash as the next wave of cum is expelled. The feeling of ecstasy washes through me as more cum is released and my balls tighten and my arsehole clenches, trying to push my finger out. I'm sweating, panting and growling as the orgasm starts to subside. Fuck that felt good. The pad of my finger tip is still softly rubbing me inside on the most sensitive spot inside my arse as another droplet of cum builds on the tip of my cock. If you were here I'd love you to clean me up with your tongue.
I look up at the light fitting and smile with a complicit wink as I'm fully aware of the camera and wonder if you were watching and playing along. Maybe it was over too fast so next time I'll go slowly, tease and edge or perhaps you could join me in person and we'll treat ourselves to some quality mutual fun. Something to look forward to for next week?