This may just be the most unlucky I have ever beenEthan thought as the sun beat down on him.
The ranting had gone late into the night. Not arguing, because Bryce had sat stoically while Kat went at him again and again. Occasionally, his glance had slipped to Ethan, and the heat in his eyes was so intense that Ethan found himself forced to look away. Eventually, he had excused himself to his room, followed by a restless night filled with dreams of Bryce's cock slamming into his throat with wild abandon.
He had half expected Bryce to sneak into his room once Kat fell asleep, but no such luck. It appeared that she was determined to keep a close eye on him as he "got back on track". Ethan cursed himself more than once for his desperate jerking that had spoiled all the fun last night.
Now she sat beside them on the sand, ignoring them as she scrolled on her phone. Every few minutes, she cast suspicious eyes at Bryce, almost as if she expected him to whip his cock out and start stroking himself on the beach for all to see. All so that he could ruin her plans.
Heat unrelated to the sun tingled inside Ethan, smoldering at the thought. Fuck, he looked good today. He was still the same Bryce that had come with them on the trip, with unkempt hair and a slight pudge to his belly. But now, Ethan could not look at him the same way he once had. He knew that below that dark patch of hair leading below Bryce's belly button was a prize worth its weight in gold.
He certainly wasn't refined, or a cultured man in any way. And that was the appeal. Something raw and animalistic lingered on him.
Ethan observed closely from beneath his sunglasses. Energy hummed beneath his skin, tingled along his spine. He just couldn't get the images out of his head. Of things he and Bryce had done. Of things he wanted to do, was desperate to do.
Fuck. A distraction would absolutely be necessary to get through this day.
Ethan hopped up, scattering sand in all directions. Bryce looked at him, then his eyes darted away only to flit back across Ethan's body. They lingered on his tight stomach, his curves.
"I gotta use the bathroom. I'll be back" Ethan said. He vaguely heard Kat's grunt of acknowledgement as he padded away. Neither he nor Kat spoke to one another much these days. Maybe she was upset with him for refusing to go out.
She should be mad I suppose. I am trying to fuck her fiancé, after all
Thankfully, the public restroom sitting back from the shore was not entirely unfortunate. The building seemed to be a relatively new construction, with a solid concrete exterior in a modern style. Inside, the stall doors were thick plated and well-constructed. They were large, maybe to allow visitors to change easily. The interior was blissfully cool after the midday sun. Ethan spent a few moments checking his reflection. The constant sun had left him a beautiful, even bronze. His skin simmered even in the low light. His hair had lightened too, bringing out natural highlights amongst the elegant waves.
Ethan locked himself in a stall, swiping his phone open and pulling open the trustworthy, familiar app.
Shirtless torsos scrolled past as he went. Ethan spared a glance at his messages. Some, he ignored completely. That guy from yesterday had unfortunately not gotten online, despite Ethan's message to him earlier.
Frustration boiled up. How fucking hard was it to get your rocks off on this beach?
A quiet tapping sound startled him. He looked up and realized there were sandaled feet outside his stall.
"Occupied" he hissed. What kind of a fucking asshole knocks on a stall door in an empty bathroom?
Seriously? All of these stalls are open asshole
"Ethan?" Came the quiet reply.
Oh fuck. Now those hideous sandals were looking much more familiar.
Bryce was standing on the other side of the stall door.
Ethan hurriedly unlocked the door, emitting a creaking sound as he peeked around the door.
Bryce stood there awkwardly, shirtless, his nose red with a sunburn.
"I um...shit" Bryce mumbled, huffing a deep breath out. "I-I wanted to talk to you about yesterday."
"Hmm" Ethan hummed. He couldn't stop staring at Bryce's chest. The solid layer of muscle was evident beneath the body fat, leaving him a nice pair of pecs. His nipples were pink buds covered in a dusting of hair. Ethan found himself wanting to hear the sounds Bryce made when those nipples were pinched.
When his tits are played with
"Well, about yesterday... that whole thing. I just wanted to say I'm really sorry."
"Yeah, that was... something." Ethan's eyes traced the contours of Bryce's stomach.
"Yeah, exactly. I didn't mean for any of that to happen. A-and I've been talking to Kat and-" Air left Bryce's mouth in a hiss as Ethan pinched his nipple harshly between his thumb and forefinger.
"You have some nice fucking tits man" Ethan said, voice rumbling.
"Fuck" Bryce groaned, his voice a blend of pain and pleasure. Wordlessly, Ethan hooked a finger in Bryce's trunks, tugging him forward. Bryce hesitated for a moment, then came forward willingly.
The sound of the stall door closing sounded extremely loud to Ethan. Having Bryce with him in such a confined space made the air heated and thick. Bryce was putty in his hands as he cupped both pecs in his hands fully. Another moan escaped Bryce as he was fondled, his nipples becoming fully hard under Ethan's hands.
"God, these are so fucking nice. Shit" Ethan whispered, his mouth against Bryce's ear. "I wonder if they're big enough for me to fuck"
"Jesus Christ" Bryce panted. Sweat was rapidly forming on his skin, beads condensing before trickling down.
He looked absolutely delicious, and Ethan couldn't deny himself a taste. Leaning forward, he suckled one of Bryce's nipples into his mouth. He swirled his tongue around, applying pressure before sucking tightly. Bryce was watching him, mouth hanging open and eyes dark with lust.
Ethan came up for air, gripping both pecs tightly in his hand. He began the same treatment on the other nipple. Eventually, he found himself switching back and forth. Loud sucking sounds happened every time he popped off of one nipple and attached himself hungrily to the other. Both were stiff and slightly puffy now.
"You like when I suck these titties Bryce?" Ethan murmured. "Answer me" He grasped both nipples in a vice grip, making Bryce gasp.
"F-fuck. Y-yes. Yes, I like it." Bryce whispered.
"You like what?" Ethan asked, voice rumbling in his chest.
"I-I like when you s-suck m-my t-titties" Bryce said through gritted teeth. He sounded humiliated and turned on beyond belief.
"That's right. I love working these tits. Bet I could milk you if I wanted" Ethan almost laughed as he said it, seeing the blush spreading across Bryce's face. Ethan pinched and tugged at Bryce's nipples some more, eliciting more groans from him.
"But that's not the first place I am going to milk you" Ethan's fingertips ghosted along Bryce's torso. Bryce's stomach contracted, flexing beneath him. The convulsions got stronger the lower he got. Bryce's cock was visibly hard beneath his trunks, the fabric tented .
"That's what you want right? To be milked." Ethan whispered.
F-fuckBryce grunted out between gritted teeth. A single breathy word escaped him at the same time.
YesHis head made a sharp sound as he threw it back against the stall door. His head whipped back around when Ethan withdrew completely.
"That's what I fucking thought" Ethan whispered. Why not show his anger, now that it was all out in the open? "She could never give you this. She doesn't want to. But I do. I want to drain you dry"
Bryce's eyes were dark, pupils blown wide. His hands scrambled for his waistband, but Ethan slapped them away.
"Hell no, not here. But you can do something for me" Ethan sat back on the toilet, pulling his skin tight speedo to the side. His cock emerged, hard and ready. Bryce stared at it, seemingly mesmerized.
"Suck it, Bryce."
Bryce's eyes shifted away. Moments later, despite himself, they came back. He shook his head softly.
"N-no I. Kat is waiting. I should -"
"You want to cum don't you Bryce?" Ethan's voice was sharp. Bryce fell silent, a shiver rippling through him.
"Suck my cock. I'll give you what you want, baby. What you want, as much as you want. Till you're completely satisfied."
Bryce's cock twitched in his shorts. His chin trembled as he got to his knees in front of Ethan.
"Just like last night." Ethan crooned, gently tangling his fingers into Bryce's hair. Surprisingly, Bryce leaned into his hand. He rubbed his face against Ethan's palm. "What a good boy"
That, more than anything, seemed to firm Bryce's resolve. He brushed his nose up against the head of Ethan's cock, dragging it slowly downward to swipe across his lips. Pre-cum glistened on the head of Ethan's cock, smearing onto Bryce's lips like lip gloss.
"Open wide, boy" Ethan said, staring into Bryce's eyes. He saw the hesitancy, saw Bryce squash it. Then Bryce opened his mouth and slid Ethan's cock into his mouth.
"Fuuuuck" Ethan groaned, gripping Bryce's roots tightly as he sank onto his cock. A naive tongue swiped along his cock, rubbing sensually. Before he even made it halfway down, Bryce choked. His mouth convulsed around Ethan, unable to handle it. He drew back, gasping for air."
Ethan's hands never left Bryce's hair. "Oh no, that won't do. You think Kat gags? When she's out there sucking cocks while you wait at home like some sad cuck?"
Anger lit up Bryce's eyes, and a determined look came across him. Leaning forward again, he sank onto Ethan's cock, sucking hungrily. Ethan crossed his arms behind his head as Bryce moved up and down on him.
"There we go. You wanna show her, right? This is what she gets for being such a bitch" Ethan pulled sharply, shoving himself fully inside Bryce's mouth. The head of his cock tickled at Bryce's throat. His mouth bulged around him, full to the brim. "If she treated you right, maybe you wouldn't be on your knees with a mouth full of cock."
Ethan thrust upward into Bryce's open mouth. Bryce began moaning around him, the vibration dialing up the sensation entirely. Ethan wondered what must be going through his mind. The mixture of anger, shame, and lust was probably very confusing. His gaze was unfocused, like it was hard to think. A primitive part of his mind was desperate for relief. At this point, who cared if the sexual pleasure was coming from a man? Bryce had begun grinding on the floor below him, rubbing his cock on the tile floor through his shorts.
Boy, he likes to drool, huh?
Wetness dripped down the length of Ethan's cock as Bryce slurped up and down. The fabric of his speedo was getting progressively more wet, some of the saliva rolling onto his balls.
"God you've got me wet Bryce. Look at all this spit on my balls" Ethan pulled Bryce off. He panted, staring up close at the heavy sack in front of him. Suddenly, he captured one of Ethan's balls in his mouth, rolling it and sucking. Ethan groaned.
"Fuck yeah Bryce. Motorboat my fucking sack" Bryce's tongue wiggled eagerly at his balls, lapping up any lingering moisture. He sucked Ethan's balls back into his mouth, savoring them deeply. He finally pulled off with a popping noise.
"F-fuck" Bryce whispered, rubbing his face on Ethan's wet cock. "It feels so good"
"Oh yeah? Rubbing your dick on the floor while you suck me? Imagine how good it's gonna feel when I ride your fucking cock"
Bryce whined pitifully, his hands squeezing Ethan's thighs. He seemed desperate to sink back on to Ethan's cock, just an inch from his face.
"Y-yes. Okay, yes please." He whispered, panting hot air over Ethan's cock. "Please make me feel good. M' so full"
Ethan stood up from the toilet and thrust back into Bryce's mouth, hard. Bryce's hands left his thighs, flailing wildly as Ethan fucked into his throat with abandon. Wet sounds emanated from Bryce as he was fucked.
"Bryce I swear to god, are you in there?" Kat's voice crashed like thunder through the bathroom. It was loud, almost as if she were beside them. Her voice dripped with disdain as it dropped to a whisper. "Don't tell me you are in there jerking off, you fucking pervert."
Ethan looked down at Bryce. His face was blown wide with panic, his mouth still a helpless hole for Ethan's cock.
But he showed no signs of stopping. A smirk slipped across Ethan's features, and he called out.
"Hey Kat, yeah he is in here" Bryce's eyes widened impossibly, horror crossing his face. "He got really sick. I am not sure if he ate something or maybe it was all the sun"
Some of the panic receded, but a cute wrinkle formed between Bryce's eyes.
Is he trying to frown at me while my cock is in his mouth?Ethan struggled to stifle his giggle.
"God, gross." Kat replied. "Okay fine, but hurry it up Bryce. Don't be a fucking pussy just because your stomach hurts"
Anger and frustration bloomed on Bryce's face, and he sucked harder.
Revenge is a good look on you BryceEthan thought as he snapped his hips, digging into Bryce's throat. His eyes were bloodshot, spit dripping down his chin and onto his chest as he bobbed up and down. His arms were back at Ethan's thighs, resting there helplessly as he crashed back and forth on Ethan's lap.
Ethan was nearing the edge rapidly. The combination of Bryce's sucking and the knowledge that Kat was only feet away fueled him. A fire lit in his belly, his balls contracting and shifting up toward his body as he got ready to blow his load.
Looking into Bryce's eyes, Ethan lifted his voice and called out "Don't worry Kat. I learned my lesson the other day. I've got some medicine I can give him."
For a moment, it looked like Bryce wanted to smirk at the joke. Then, understanding dawned on his face when he realized what Ethan meant.
Oh yeah Bryce, I am breeding that fucking throat. No doubt about itHis hips snapped forcefully. Sweat dripped off of his brow, some of it splashing on Bryce's face and chest. He didn't even seem to notice. Ethan's sweat trickled down Bryce's face, mixing with the spit on his chin.
It was coming. The white hot heat in Ethan's balls reached a tipping point, boiling over. With a muffled cry, he surged forward one last time. He gripped Bryce's head as tightly as he dared, curving his body around him and refusing to let him go.
Bryce's body jerked below him, spasming as his throat was assaulted by round after round of cum. His nails dug into Ethan's thighs, leaving delicious burning half-crescents in his skin. His throat made wet gulping noises as he sucked down everything Ethan gave him.
When it was finally over, Ethan withdrew. A single strand of spit connected his aching cock to Bryce's cherry red lips.
Those lips trembled, fighting to form words for a moment. When he finally spoke, Bryce was smiling as he looked back into Ethan's eyes.
"Don't worry babe. Ethan was totally right about that medicine. I'm feeling better already"
****
"I genuinely can't believe this" Kat was saying, looking at Ethan with a mock look of shock on her face. Her sunglasses were perched on top of her head, tangled in still drying hair. Her nose was red, the skin frayed and peeling in an unpleasant sort of way.
Bryce's face was pink, his expression unamused. "You're not the only one allowed to go out on this vacation"
"If you think getting me drunk is going to get me to fuck you, you are gonna be disappointed. I'm still pissed as hell about last night." Kat said bluntly. She had lost interest in the conversation already, tapping quickly on her phone screen.
No doubt telling Chloe we are going out tonight
Bryce's response was immediate and snarky. "Believe me, that is the last thing on my mind"
"Yeah, right." Kat continued, undeterred in the slightest. "And yet you just couldn't wait, huh? It's just so selfish of you, honestly."
Bryce mumbled something under his breath. Kat glared at him over her phone screen.
"I'm sorry, what was that?"
"You won't take care of it" he said, his tone like acid. "So I took matters into my own hands. Besides, it's easy for you to ask me to sit around and do nothing while you go out and party."
"I can't believe what I'm hearing. It's like having a baby doesn't even matter to you!" Kat shouted, face red.
"Maybe I would get more excited if I were having a kid with someone who doesn't go out and drink and fuck random guys behind my fucking back" Bryce growled back.
How ironic, BryceEthan thought to himself as Kat began her vehement denials and eye rolling.Can you still taste my cum in your throat? Then again, I suppose I am not a random guy. So you get some points there
As if he could hear Ethan's thoughts, Bryce's eyes flitted toward him. Lust and guilt were such an interesting combination to see in the same moment. On Ethan's part, he could only feel amusement. He sat on a stool at the bar, popping succulent pineapple and watermelon into his mouth while he watched the relationship in front of him deteriorate. When he knew Bryce was watching, he deliberately took extra time licking the juice off his fruit, slurping it noisily into his mouth. It was hilarious, to a certain extent, how easily turned on Bryce was by everything that Ethan did now.
Why shouldn't he be? I'm fucking hotEthan slid off the stool before more fighting could ensue. Already, several people over at the pool had begun to look at them. Getting kicked out of their hotel the day before they were supposed to leave would be exactly how Kat would ruin this trip for him, if he let her. No fucking way.
Kat was still on her phone, fingers typing at a blinding speed. Walking up next to Bryce, he threw an arm around him casually. Bryce jumped a bit at the sudden contact, eyes jumping to him with apprehension. Ethan simply smiled and held out the bowl of fruit in his hand.
"Maybe you should cool off a bit Bryce. Try some, it's really sweet."
"It would be 'sweet' if he would shut the fuck up" Kat grumbled a foot away.
Bryce looked at him, the guilt from earlier nowhere in sight. "Sure, that fruit looks good as fuck"
Shades over his eyes, Ethan popped a half smirk. He speared a piece of watermelon on his thumb and held it out. "Here you go"
Bryce didn't even hesitate. His mouth closed over Ethan's thumb and the piece of fruit. Slowly, he sucked it off. His tongue lingered on Ethan's thumb.
"Thanks Ethan" he said huskily, chewing around the watermelon.
"Chloe and Brittany are coming out with us!!" Kat squealed, making them jump. "I am going to start getting ready." She jumped up quickly and began to head into the lobby, her sandals snapping as she went.
Ethan turned to follow her, but Bryce stopped him by seizing his wrist.
"I'm gonna fuck you so hard tonight" he whispered, breathy and wanting.
"Sothatis why we are going out. I thought so" Ethan replied with a smirk. "You gonna beg for it?"
"If you want me to" Bryce promised, his eyes dark. "You keep walking around here practically fucking naked and all I want to do is... I-I can feel it like electricity under my skin. I...I can still taste your cock."
One more word and I am going to feed it to you again in front of all of these people
No, better to hold off on that...for now. Introducing a straight boy to cock had a certain tempo, a certain order to things.
"I think you are gonna find that I am not a cock tease like Kat" Ethan said, leaning in conspiratorially despite no one being nearby "And I want you to give me everything you've got."
"Keep talking like that and I won't be able to wait until tonight"
God, Ethan felt so powerful in this moment. Bryce was so ready for it, he would do anything to fuck him.
"I'll make you a deal. I'll let you fuck me whenever you want, wherever you want. If," he said, feeling Bryce yank him forward, "you go upstairs and break up with Kat right now."
Bryce hopped up, face determined. After a moment, however, he sighed deeply.
"I'm going to go get ready too. You coming?"
"Oh I plan to."
***
The ear splitting shriek that Kat let out when she saw Chloe and Brittany was drowned out almost entirely by the music that pounded throughout the club. By some divine intervention, Kat and Chloe had not been banned from returning after their drunken scene earlier in the week. The clientele for the night seemed entirely different from the last time. Waitresses walked around with glowing trays of shooters, their skimpy outfits hiding very little.
Moreover, Kat had put in a recognizable effort for the night, and even Ethan had to admit she looked nice. Her wavy hair was done up in a half pony that gave it volume and bounce, and her skimpy black dress fit well.
It was too bad for her the window of opportunity had closed firmly. Despite all of the available women, Bryce's eyes had not left Ethan since he emerged from his room back at the hotel. A gauzy black mesh shirt that vaguely caught the lights as he moved, followed up with dark gold shorts so short they could be mistaken for underwear. Bryce's eyes traced the shimmers of bronzer that he had carefully applied, looking like a predator who had just locked eyes on delicious prey.
As long as he knows by the end of the night that it's the other way aroundEthan found himself thinking. Heat pooled in his belly every time he thought of the heavy cock in Bryce's shorts, waiting on him. For now though, he would have to play nice.
"Alright sluts, let's get some shots" He screamed at the three women in front of him. In unison, they joined his scream. Their voices mingled into the heavy bass pumping into the air around them. As one, they made their way to the bar, Bryce following dutifully.
The bartender with the gauges was back again tonight. This time, his pieces were stark black with a white pentagram in the center.
"Those are really cool" Ethan shouted at him over the music, gesturing. The bartender smiled, asking what he could get them.
"Long Island!" The three girls shrieked in unison. The bartender's smile vanished in a hurry, and he set to work. In a few moments, three tall glasses had appeared, filled to the brim and topped with lemon and colorful straws. The girls grabbed them and ran back into the dance floor.
"I'm so sorry about them" Ethan shouted, rolling his eyes. Looking over, he caught eyes with Bryce. "Can we get two vodka tonics?"
The bartender, decidedly less friendly now, nodded his head. Once they had their drinks, they went to find the girls.
Chloe was dancing up against a muscle head who looked like he had walked in straight from the beach. Kat and Brittany were grinding up against one another, drinks already precariously close to empty.
Well, there's oneEthan found himself hailing a waitress. No need to piss off the bartender by approaching again too soon. He ordered another round of long islands for the girls, and entered the crowd.
The outfit was doing its job. Most of the women didn't bother to try straddling him, and the men were drawn in like flies to honey. Pretty quickly, a tall lean man was gripping his hips tightly from behind while they swayed to the beat. He was extremely pretty, with defined bone structure and pillowy looking lips. He was a bit edgy, his hair buzzed close to his head, his outfit something from a runway show. Kat shared knowing glances with him, already half drunk. He smiled back, seeing Bryce over her shoulder. His face was a thundercloud as he watched the man behind Ethan dust his lips on Ethan's neck.
The air was hot and charged as they danced, Bryce's eyes never wavering. The girls' second round of drinks appeared eventually, and they yelled delirious thanks to Ethan, who waved at them diplomatically. The man behind him was dragging his teeth on Ethan's neck lightly, his cock hard against Ethan's ass now. Ethan smiled wickedly at Bryce, blowing him a kiss.
The next thing he knew, Bryce was hailing a waitress. He pointed very deliberately at Kat and held up two fingers to the waitress, who nodded and disappeared back into the crowd. Then he was moving, pushing roughly through the crowd toward Ethan. Bryce grasped Ethan's wrist, pulling him away from the tall man. A shout followed them into the crowd, swallowed by the beat.
Screaming and laughter floated in the air around them as they pushed toward the girls. Brittany and Chloe had both found dance partners now, and Kat was standing at a table sucking at the dregs of her second drink. Her face was flushed and pink, her hair had become undone at some point and fanned across her shoulders.
It would be hard to misinterpret the disappointed look that crossed Kat's face when she saw them approaching.
"I got you another drink babe" Bryce said, his wrist still grasping Ethan below the table.
Kat's eyes lit up. She squealed, and threw her arms around her fiancé. Then she pulled back, squinting suspiciously at Bryce.
"Why are you being so cool?"
Ethan cast his eyes around the club, pretending to not pay attention.
"I-I suppose I feel bad"
Ethan's ears perked up.
"You know, about the other night"
"See, was that so hard?" Kat shouted at Bryce. "You really should just listen to me, you know. You're not exactly smart. You should be grateful you have a girlfriend like me."
Ethan looked over, scandalized.She must be pretty fucked up, that is a crazy thing to say
Bryce's face was bright red, anger simmering in his eyes.
"Fiancé"
"Huh?" Kat said, distracted by the arrival of the drink Bryce had ordered for her.
"You're my fiancé, not my fucking girlfriend."
Kat rolled her eyes. "Jesus Christ, you are such a pussy. Thanks for the drink" She took the two shots in her hands, tossing back first one, then the other. Grimacing as she swallowed, she shoved the glasses toward Bryce and headed back toward the girls on the dance floor. She was swallowed up by the throng of people.
Bryce made to follow her, his face still murderous. Ethan grabbed him, pulling him back. Reluctantly, Bryce stopped. He glanced at Ethan, eyes raking over his body, taking in the marks forming on his neck. Glancing around, he brought his hands up and placed them on Ethan's hips. His hands drifted, searching and hungry. Bryce's hands found their way to Ethan's ass, gripping the plump cheeks tightly.
Ethan leaned in to Bryce and spoke directly into his ear. "I'm going commando tonight"
Bryce growled, his grip tightening for a moment. Then, his hands drifted upward as he pushed Ethan lightly backward. Bryce pressed Ethan up against the table, hiding his hands as he dipped them beneath Ethan's waistband. His fingers brushed against Ethan's bare ass, skin smooth under Bryce's rough fingers.
"Fuck" Bryce moaned, sounding dizzy. His fingers traced in circles over the buttery skin of Ethan's ass, dipping slowly downward. Ethan's breath caught in his throat as Bryce pulled his cheeks apart lightly and teased his hole with his middle finger. "I cannot wait to get inside this pussy" Bryce's finger suddenly pressed hard, sinking in up to the first knuckle.
Ethan's skin felt like it was on fire. He could feel Bryce, hard again, pressing up against his thigh. His senses were overloaded, feeling everything at once. The music pulsed against his ears relentlessly, the beat crashing into a crescendo as he went higher.
A loud crash, followed by yelling, brought him back to his senses. The music cut abruptly, throwing the club into confusion. Booing and shouts emanated from the partying crowd. Reluctantly Bryce withdrew from Ethan as they both turned to find the source of the commotion.
Of fucking course it's KatEthan thought as he saw security swarming around the familiar shape, her black hair spread out on the sticky floor.
A table stood nearby, toppled. Chloe was standing close to Kat, her dancing partner nowhere in sight. The security team lifted Kat easily, as though she weighed nothing at all. Before Ethan and Bryce had even managed to catch up, they were pulling both girls toward the elevator. Chloe was shoved into the elevator, followed by Kat who lay limp between the two security guards. Ethan made to follow, but Bryce stopped him.
"Fuck her" He grunted into Ethan's ear. "She needs to learn how to hold her liquor better."
Ethan laughed out loud. He made to move again, and now that the elevator had closed, Bryce allowed it. They made their way over to the edge of the balcony, looking to the street below. Flashing lights signaled the arrival of an ambulance. Ethan and Bryce watched as Kat was loaded onto a gurney. At this point she had regained consciousness, and was resisting the EMT who was helping her arm into a cast. She was looking around, head swiveling drunkenly. Chloe was with her, also looking around.
"I think you are wanted" Ethan chuckled in Bryce's ear. Chloe climbed into the back of the ambulance, the door closed and the girls were whisked away into the night.
"A dislocated arm seems like a healthy consequence for someone who keeps taking dives from rickety bar tables while plastered." Bryce said. A buzzing sound emanated from his pocket. Taking it out, the screen lit up with Kat's name.
Behind them, the DJ spoke into his mic, voice raspy and dark.
"Okay folks, let's get this shit back on track. Let's start it off sexy, huh?"
Inspired, Ethan grabbed Bryce and pulled him back toward the dance floor. Pulling him close, Bryce caught on and gripped his hips for dear life as Ethan began to grind on him. Above them, lyrics pulsed into the air again.
Rollin' through the city, I'm probably 'pose to be on timeout
Why you gotta ask, won't you just take it?
You want someone that won't fake it
Want someone that's down to get you naked
Bryce's hands balled into fists, pulling Ethan's shorts even higher. His cock was rock hard and felt enormous against the curve of Ethan's ass. Ethan put all of his energy and concentration into the motion of his hips, generating friction as they rutted together. Bryce moaned, the head of his cock pressing and rubbing at the most sensitive point against the rough fabric of his pants. Bryce leaned down and sucked at Ethan's pulse point, groaning at the sensation.
Ethan glanced up, and a shiver ran through him when he caught eyes with Brittany across the bar.
Fuck, I guess I forgot about that oneEthan smiled at her slyly, snaking his hand into Bryce's hair. He shoved Bryce harder into the crook of his neck, and Bryce sucked harder, tongue greedy against his skin as he chased the sensation on his cock.Hopefully it's dark enough, or she is drunk enough
Bryce emerged from Ethan's neck panting. A high pitched keen flew from his mouth when Ethan threw his ass back again.
"F-fuck. Let's get out of here. I can'twaitanymore. Please, please" he whined.
Ethan wasn't going to argue. His own cock was rock hard and throbbing in his shorts. He nodded assent, and Bryce hurriedly began dragging him across the dance floor toward the exit.
The elevator ride was charged, electricity seeming to arc invisibly between the pair as they waited to hit the ground floor.
It was a windy night, strong gusts blowing in from the ocean, as they made their way back to the hotel. Ethan's mood was only slightly dampened by the embarrassed shifting he was forced to do to hide his erection from passerby in the lobby. After the dark of the club, the lobby seemed stark and clinical. Bright and white, staff milling about despite the late hour.
The second elevator ride was much worse than the first, perhaps because Ethan began running his fingers across Bryce's stomach under his shirt. He couldn't help it, he was desperate to feel the hair he had appreciated for so many days. He played with Bryce's happy trail, and Bryce emitted a deep moan that shocked Ethan in its ferocity.
"F-uck, that feels so fucking good" Bryce whimpered. His head tipped back, his mouth opening fully as he moaned again.
Thank fuck nobody else needs the elevator right nowEthan thought as they passed the last few floors. After an eternity, the elevator dinged. They'd arrived.
The hotel suite was eerily quiet as the door closed behind them. They'd left in a rush, and the scattered items from before took on extra significance in the darkness; Kat's straightener sitting on the kitchen counter, Bryce's flip flops laying in the entryway encrusted with sand.
Neither of them made a move to turn any lights on. Kicking his shoes off, Ethan padded on bare feet toward Bryce and Kat's bedroom. After all, it seemed like the most appropriate location. He shed his clothes as he went, leaving them in piles on the floor.
The room was still a mess from Kat's preparations earlier. Makeup was scattered on the bathroom sink, clothes all over the floor. Ethan walked right to the balcony doors and drew back the blinds. Moonlight covered his body, glinted off the dark ocean below. He opened the doors and the breeze rushed in, smelling of salt. Looking over his shoulder, he saw Bryce standing in the doorway taking everything in. He looked awestruck at Ethan's brash nakedness.
Ethan chuckled, keeping eye contact as he crossed to the bed. He climbed up and sat back against the pillows, hard cock pointing straight to the ceiling.
"Come get it"
Bryce came forward like a man in a trance. He shed his shirt before climbing on all fours toward Ethan. Leaning down, he skimmed his nose against the soft skin of Ethan's inner thigh. He inhaled deeply before his tongue peeked out, running in broad fat striped against Ethan's skin. He moaned at the taste of Ethan. He stopped when he came face to face with Ethan's cock. He whispered something to himself, something that Ethan had to strain to hear.
"Oh fuck, what am I fucking doing"
Then he sank onto Ethan's cock, sucking him in deep.
Ethan moaned loudly, thrusting upward. Bryce gagged against him, but persevered. He sucked Ethan's cock greedily, like a man dying of thirst. After a few moments, he popped off with a gasp. His lips were shiny in the moonlight.
"God you taste so fucking good" Bryce groaned. Then his tongue came out again, lapping at Ethan's cock as he traveled downward. He tongued Ethan's balls, swapping back and forth before finally traveling down down down...
Ethan gasped when Bryce's tongue probed his hole. It was tentative, hesitant at first. After a few minutes, Bryce gained confidence and began licking more deeply. His tongue drilled into Ethan's hole, lapping against his walls.
Like a bear who found a honey potEthan thought, deliriously. Forming coherent thoughts at the moment was next to impossible.
Bryce withdrew momentarily. "You taste especially good here. This is prime fucking pussy" With a groan, he dove back in. This time, he wasn't licking. His tongue was a spear attempting to reach the deepest parts of Ethan. Bryce's thumbs pulled Ethan's cheeks apart as far as they would go, and he pressed as close as possible. Ethan's hole was soaked with spit and drool as Bryce's tongue thrashed inside him. He spread his legs wide, grasping Bryce's hair and shoving him even closer.
"Eat my fucking ass Bryce" he grunted, looking him in the eyes. "Get me ready for that big fucking dick. You wanna put it in, don't you? Wanna fuck my cheeks and cream inside of me?"
Bryce's pupils were blown wide, pure black circles. Wracking shivers ran through him at Ethan's words, and his nodded vigorously against Ethan's hole. The next moment, he withdrew.
"I can't fucking wait anymore" Bryce cried. He leaned back, grabbing the waistband of his shorts in his hand. A sharp, loud ripping sound echoed around the room as Bryce tore through his shorts. His cock burst out, heavy and wickedly curved.
Bryce didn't even remove the tattered shorts. They hung loosely on his waist as he surged forward again. Bryce gripped Ethan's ankles tightly, drawing them up against his broad shoulders. Ethan's hole was exposed and quivering before him.
At the last moment, Bryce paused, surprising Ethan. Before he could ask, Bryce reached one hand over and slipped the ring off his left hand. The band glinted dully in the moonlight. It slipped from Bryce's fingers and bounced when it hit the bed. It was lost amongst the sheets.
Bryce came forward, pushing Ethan's legs back as he lined himself up. He looked in Ethan's eyes as he moved forward and slowly sank inside.
The experience was intense to say the least, staring into Bryce's eyes as his cocked entered him. Not only that, but Bryce's cock was fucking huge, and swollen to boot. It felt like a battering ram despite the amount of lubricating Bryce had done. Bryce's mouth opened in a wordless groan as his cock was slowly engulfed inside the vice-like heat.
Finally, finally, he bottomed out. Bryce's head dropped forward, burying his face in a pillow. He bit the pillow harshly, making a sound like he wanted to weep in relief. After a moment, he sucked in a harsh breath and emerged.
"Your hole is so fucking tight, man" Bryce whimpered. He pulled back slightly, more whimpers emitting from him as he felt Ethan's walls dragging on his cock.
"It's also your fault you know" Ethan grunted out through clenched teeth. "Your cock is so fucking big Bryce. You're filling me so full"
"Fuck" Bryce groaned at his words, shifting his hips forward and sinking back to the deepest point. When he had bottomed out again, he ground his hips. Ethan shivered, feeling Bryce's balls rubbing against his hole.
"Those fucking balls too" Ethan whispered "So full, all for me"
Bryce panted against his neck, beyond words. Instead of responding, he dragged himself back and sunk forward, more harshly than before.
They slowly worked out a steady rhythm. The curtains fluttered in the breeze, almost reaching them, as they began to rut together.
Ethan soon learned that not only was Bryce's cock big, he knew how to use it. His thrusts were smooth and sure. Despite being lost in the sensation of Ethan's hole, he managed to ghost his fingers across Ethan's body. He tweaked Ethan's nipples before sucking them into his mouth hungrily. He made sure Ethan was watching while he manipulated his nipples with his tongue. That same tongue alternated between flicking playfully and rolling smoothly across his nipple, dragging sounds out of his throat as he was stimulated. Before he knew it, Ethan's nipples were sensitive and puffy, standing out stiffly from his body.
Eventually, Bryce got more serious. He snapped his hips forcefully, he balls smacking roughly against Ethan's ass as he went. He dove into Ethan's body, the head of his cock leaking pre-cum and making Ethan's hole slippery. Bryce reached in between them and grasped Ethan's cock in his fist, pumping him in time with his thrusts. Ethan sobbed with pleasure when Bryce finally slammed into his prostate head on. Bryce, feeling the change this caused, began hammering into the walnut shape in earnest, drawing forth sounds Ethan had no clue he could make.
Kat never deserved this fucking dick. And now it's all mine. Just for me
Ethan noticed the Bryce had lost some of his rhythm. Sweat dripped off of his brow as he snapped his hips, chasing the sensation that had been denied to him for so long. But something about it didn't seem quite right to Ethan.
"I want to be on top" Ethan whispered. Bryce stuttered to a stop, eyes rolling back in his head at the effort. His cock was so hard it hurt. He could feel his heartbeat pulsing in his cock, red hot against Ethan's walls. So close. So fucking close.
With a grunt, he pulled out completely. Bryce swapped places with Ethan, his back resting against the headboard. His cock was bright red, his hairy thighs quivering slightly as he waited on Ethan.
Ethan scrambled into Bryce's lap, sliding back onto his cock in a swift motion that make them both cry out. Head spinning a bit, Ethan fleetingly thought that they fit together perfectly.
Clenching around the cock inside him, Ethan leaned forward. He rested his forehead on Bryce's as he began his ascent. At the peak, he slid back down, crashing into Bryce's lap forcefully. Bryce's cock stabbed into him, sending tremors up his spine.
Ethan did not take any time. Unlike Bryce, he wasn't concerned with being skillful at this point. He just needed to fucking feel.
Ethan began riding Bryce, doing his best to go fast. The bed protested as he descended again and again on Bryce's cock. Bryce's struggled to keep his eyes open, his mouth hanging open in unending moans. Seemingly without knowledge that he was doing it, Bryce had Ethan's cock back in his hand and was jerking him for all he was worth.
So fucking close. Ethan wanted it so bad he could taste it. He couldn't hold back the need anymore. Looking directly into Bryce's eyes, he whispered.
"Fucking do it. Shoot that load you've been saving up just for her. Shoot it all. Empty your balls and make them fucking useless to Kat. Give. It. To.Me."
Ethan couldn't help it. With those words he toppled over the edge, cock jerking wildly in Bryce's fist. The force of his orgasm was shocking, jetting out in an arc across Bryce's body. Ropes of cum splattered onto Bryce's face, into his hair. It dripped and mingled into the sweat on his chest and stomach.
Bryce's entire face was beet red, a vein standing prominently on his forehead as cum shot haphazardly onto his face. His red rimmed eyes streamed as short huffing breaths ripped out of his mouth, his tongue peeking out to lick at the cum. His fingers pressed viciously into the curves of Ethan's hips, pale and bloodless and sure to bruise. His face was contorted, a look one might consider to be pain if he wasn't slamming his hips upward with all his might. His eyes rolled back in his head and a sound that began as a groan and became a scream rushed forth from Bryce's throat as his hips stuttered and his cock exploded inside of Ethan. Ethan cried out in victory, slamming himself downward one last time. He clenched with all his might around the thick cock jammed inside him. Bryce's cock spewed cum relentlessly, a never-ending flood. Ethan could feel the muscles in Bryce's pelvis contracting below him as he gave him everything he had. Bryce threw his head back and moaned, throaty and loud.
"Fuck, it's so hot." Ethan whimpered into Bryce's damp shoulder. "Maybe I'll be the one to get pregnant."
Bryce's cock flexed inside him at his words, ripping a moan from Ethan's mouth.
At some point, the wracking shivers stopped. Ethan slowly pulled off Bryce's cock, wincing at the sensation. He really was too fucking big. Nevertheless, nothing could deflate his mood at that moment. Looking down, Ethan could see his cum painted Bryce's torso, thick and sticky as it mingled into his happy trail.
"How'd I do big guy?"
Bryce moaned weakly, eyes fluttering. His cock hung between his legs, limp and spent and utterly useless. Feeling a surge of confidence, Ethan grabbed his chin in one hand, forcing Bryce to meet his gaze.
"You're never gonna get her pregnant, are you?" Ethan demanded.
"N-no" Bryce whispered fervently, staring back. "I promise"
"Good boy" Ethan whispered against his lips. He pressed forward into a lingering kiss. Bryce opened his mouth eagerly when Ethan licked inside.