Candice got comfortable with me having Candy when I wanted. We had opened Pandora's box and released the inner slut, and there was no putting it back. I was in heaven.
It was a dreary Friday evening. Not cold at all just overcast and threatening some rain. We decided to meet some friends at a local bar. We both wore jeans and t-shirts. Hers was form fitting thin material but not see through. I loved that top. It clung to her like a second skin. I took a jacket and she took a knee length rain coat.
Anyway. We were there for a few hours with friends and had a great time. Candice had a few Long Island ice teas and I had regular ice tea. It was about 10:00 when the other couples had to go and get their baby sitters home.
We decided to call it an early Friday night too since Candice said she had had enough and was a little more than tipsy. I waited for Candice to use the ladies room. When she came out I noticed that she had put her coat on and had buttoned it up. When we stepped outside I asked her why she had put her coat on since it felt actually warmer than when we had gone in.
She opened her purse and showed me her t-shirt and bra. I told her I loved it. Then she unbuttoned her coat pulled it open revealing her beautiful naked tits and rock hard nipples and said, "I didn't think everyone in the bar should see my tits."
We walked through the parking lot to the truck with her coat pulled open and her tits on full display for anyone lucky enough to come by. One car was backing out as we walked behind them. I'm sure the driver got a great view in his backup camera.
I said, "You know he probably saw your tits."
She said, "I hope so. That's what they're out there for."
"Then give me your coat. No need just covering your back."
I took hold of the collar and held it as she shrugged off of her shoulders. Leaving her naked from the waist up.
The car that backed out could have gone the other way. But obviously the driver wanted to double check and see if he saw what he thought he saw. So, he turned our way and slowly passed us. Honking his horn as he went by. Candy made no attempt to hide herself.
"If he didn't see them before, he got a good look at them that time." I told her.
"Do you think he liked them?"
"Im sure he did. He honked his approval didn't he? The question is. Did you like him seeing them?"
She said, "I loved it! That Candy can be such a lil slut. Did them seeing me upset you?"
"Not in the slightest. I think it's pretty fucking hot that Candy likes being seen or the risk of it."
She stayed topless until we got home. I didn't pull into the privacy of the garage just to see what Candy would do. She got out of the truck topless in the darkened driveway put her coat on but left it open and swaying as we got the the lighted porch and went into the house.
She told me to stay there, she'd be right back. I asked her she had in mine. She said, "You'll see. I hope you like." And headed upstairs. This is going to be fun I thought.
About five minutes or so later she came downstairs. All I could see was she had her long coat on, black stockings and heels. She walked to the front door and said, "Let's go." I asked, "Where?" She said, "Just head for the interstate. I'll let you know from there."
After a few minutes we were stopped at the intersection of Lincoln and I-25. I reached over to slid my hand in her coat but she pushed it away telling me, "Not yet. Head North." I hit the cloverleaf and headed towards Cheyenne.
I reached for her a few more times. Being rejected with each attempt. About 20 minutes on the interstate I saw a sign "Lion's Den next exit" she said, "Get off here."
I said, "Lion's Den?"
"Yep" was all she said.
I parked as close to the door as possible and got out. As I opened her door I asked what she had in mind. She said, "You'll see." As we headed to the door she unbuttoned her coat half way. Making it obvious that she was still topless under her coat but not exposing her tits fully.
We walked around the store for a few minutes looking at different things. After a while we had looked at every display. By this time were the only ones in the store section but I could hear videos playing so I knew we weren't totally alone.
Candy asked if I would wait in the truck that she'd be out shortly.
I knew from prior experience that buying whatever it was was going to get her excited just from the man behind the counter knowing what she was going to do with it.
My mind raced as I waited fifteen minutes for her to finally open the door. One more button coat was undone carrying a bag. I could see her wearing what I assumed was a heavy chain necklace. I couldn't have been more wrong. When she got in I asked what she bought.
She opened her coat and showed me what I thought was a necklace was actually a chain connected to nipple clamps. I was to say the least shocked. But also get harder as the seconds ticked by.
I said, "I love them! How do they feel?"
She said, "Oh my god, they pinch soooo good. Just getting them on almost made me cum. I bought a few other things for my nipples too. Some rubber band enhancers that keep my nipples protruding and non-piercing rings."
I asked her, "How did you get those on before you came out?"
She said, "Funny story. I hope you don't mind. I knew what they were just not how they worked. I didn't see anyone else and you had left so, I asked the guy at the desk. He took them out of the package had me hold out my hand and put one of the clamps on between my thumb and index finger. It was way too tight. So, he showed me the screw and told me I could adjust them to my comfort. I adjusted them all the way out, turned my back and tried putting it on. It didn't even grab hold and fell off. I loosened the screw and tried again. Still no luck. I was so frustrated and excited by then I just said Fuck It. I turned and ask the guy if he would help me."
I said, "Hang on you let some strange guy see your tits?"
She told me to just listen and continued her story. "We met at the end of the counter and I handed him the clamps. He loosened the screw more as I grabbed my tit making sure my nipple was sticking straight out. He put the clap on me and kept adjusting the screw until I could feel it start to pinch. I let out a moan and he asked if it was too tight. I told him not too tight yet but not tight enough either. He gave it another turn and that did it. I moaned and almost came right then. He adjusted the other one about the same and I offered him my other nipple. He put the clamp on and it was a bit too tight. He took it off, loosened it up just a bit and put it back on. It was perfect. They hurt so good. I pulled my coat open to give him the full effect and asked what he thought. He said the looked amazing. I said thanks and he said if I needed anything else he would be happy to help. I closed my coat and here I am. Horney as hell and ready for anything."
My cock couldn't have gotten any harder. I told her how hot it is and I'm proud of her for doing it on her own.
I pulled to the end of the parking lot shut off the truck and told her to get out. I walked around to her side grabbed her and kissed her like it was my last one ever.
I stepped back and told her to unbutton her and open it all the way. She opened it and held it open at arms length. She looked fantastic. All she had on under the coat was garter belt stockings and nipple clamps. Her bald cunt was beautifully framed by the garter belt straps holding up her stockings.
A definite Kodak moment. I took out my phone and started talking pictures. She was loving it as much as I was. Doing different poses and asking if I liked them.
While I was taking pictures a guy came out. I told her not to stop. Unfortunately his car was parked on the other side so he never saw her. But it had the same exhilarating effect on her. She said it was too bad he hadn't come around the other way she wanted someone to see her like this.
I told her to stay there and went back into the store. I went to the counter and asked the obviously stupid question. "Are you the guy that put the nipple clamps on my wife?"
He said, "Yeah, she asked me to help her. Is there a problem?"
I said, "No problem at all." Went to the door and waived for Candy to come in.
When she came in I told her since she had hoped someone would see her like that she should be nice enough to show the man that had helped her. She turned and faced the counter opened her coat displayed her nakedness to him.
I asked what he thought. He said she looked amazing. I thanked him again and told her, "Let's go. Hold on. Make sure the security camera get a good shot."
She turned towards the nearest camera and opened her coat again and stood there for a good 10 seconds and said, "I hope that was good enough." I assured her it was and we went to the truck.
When we got to the truck i had her take her coat off and get in. She said she couldn't believe I made her do that. I told her that Candy does those sort of things. She asked, "What about the security camera?" I said, "Well, he couldn't very well jerk off while he's working. So, he has something for after and he won't have any problems pausing it for a good long look."
"But what if her shows other people?"
"Im sure he will. And they'll jerk off thinking of how they would use a slut like her."
"Oh Fuck, do you really think so?"
"Hell yea! Who wouldn't want to play with those little tits, fuck and cum in that bald cunt?"
"Fuck! Now I'm scared."
"But your cunt is wet."
"Yes, still scary though. Maybe not as scary as it is exciting. I don't know. My heart feels like it's going to explode."
"Good girl. Just relax and enjoy the feeling."
As I drove she sat slowly rubbing herself. Nothing too serious but enough to keep her on edge. I asked her for a taste and she was happy to oblige. Her fingers were covered and she tasted like honey. I would occasionally give the chain between her tits a small tug making her moan and push her hips to meet her fingertips.
I told her to open her mouth. I lifted the chain and put it in her mouth. It wasn't very long and it pulled her nipples up slightly. But when she closed it they were pulled tighter hurting them better.
We were getting close to our exit and I told her, "That's enough for now."
She let the chain drop from her mouth and asked, "Why?" I said, "Just lay back. We'll be home soon."
As we got home I opened the garage door and pulled in. When I got out she asked if I was going to close the door. I told her I'd do it from inside the house.
"But the light is on. Someone could see me like this."
"Someone has already seen you like this."
"But not anyone we know. I don't want our friends or neighbors to think I'm some kind of whore."
"Don't be silly. Come on. It's late, nobody is going to see you. If they do, they won't think you're some kind of whore. Just a Slut."
"Not funny." As she got out of the truck and ran into the house giggling.
Once inside I went out to the deck and lit a cigarette. The light was on in the living room but the front blinds were closed. I called her to come out with me. She turned to walk away and I asked where she was going. She said to get her robe. I told her, "No. Just turn off the light and come outside. It's dark enough out here. No one will see you other than me.
She came out and leaned back in the lounge chair. I was standing at the railing and told her to finish what she started in the trunk as I undid my pants and took out my hard cock and started stroking it. She looked around and could only see lights from other far off decks. She said, "This is insane." As her hand went to her cunt.
"Good girl. Make yourself cum for me while I do what the guy at the store is probably doing right now. I'm sure he's loving the video of you showing off for him."
She said, "I hope he is. I love the thought of some stranger looking at me and wanting to fuck me. Fuck it's so hot."
"Im sure he's thinking of how tight that slut's cunt would feel around his hard cock."
"Oh fuck me! Fuck me with that hard cock. You're gonna make me cum."
"That's my girl. Shove those fingers in there. Feel his hard cock pounding that cunt."
I couldn't take anymore. I was about to cum. I got on top of her, pulled her hand away and shoved my cock balls deep into her cunt as she came and instantly shot my load deep inside her asking her, "Can you feel his cock pulsing and unloading in you?"She wrapped her legs around my ass pulling me in tighter. "Oh Fuck! Don't move! I can feel him cumming. He's cumming in me! Oh fuck me!" I asked her what she felt. She said, "I loved that. God I'm such a slut."
"You loved imagining that someone else was fucking you and cummin in you?"
"Yes. I'm so sorry."
"Don't be the least bit sorry. I loved it as much as you. Why do you think I came right when I put my cock in you? You were begging for him to fuck you. Seeing your finger as his cock was too much for me."
"So you're not upset?"
"No way! I know that no matter what, you love just me and that was just having fun."
She stood up (not caring if anyone could see this time) kissed me, gave me a huge bear hug and told me she loved me for understanding. I took her by the hand and led her inside to the bedroom. Once there, I reached out and grabbed her nipple clamps to remove them. She winced in pain and grabbed her tits as they came off. I asked if she was okay and she told me it just hurts as the blood flow is fully returning.
I told her to turn around and I undid the back supports on the garter belt smacked her on the butt and told her to go get a shower.
While she was in the shower I got the bag out of the truck. Inside was a pair of gold hoops that looked like earrings with a small ball at each end where they touched together. A kit with two different size glass suction cups and six sets of different size rubber bands. I thought that either of these would be great for her to have on under a top while braless. Accentuating her nipples.
I was in bed when she came out of the shower. She got in, kissed me and apologized again for what happened. I told her again how hot I thought it was and it's not like she was really getting fucked by someone else. She thanked me, turned on the tv and laid back to go to sleep.
All I could think about was how great it would be to see her actually getting a hard fucking from someone else and loving it. But that could never happen. Could it?