Warning: This story contains a gangbang scene.
***********************
My junior year in college I went on a trip with some friends up to a ski lodge, at one of the big ski stations in Vermont. The two friends were Marybeth and Sue. We all three went to a Catholic school in the greater NY area. Marybeth's family was rich, but Sue's was super rich, while my own family was poor. Still, I paid my own way.
I was also the worst skier of the three of us. Sue was the best, on the same level as the ski patrol. She would go skiing in Chile in the Andes during the summer, since it's winter down there when we have summer. She could ski with the best of them, but she was not a show-off. She was a good friend, even if she was a rich bitch. I was not a bad skier, myself, although not at the level of Marybeth, and far below the level of Sue.
Sue was blonde and gorgeous, and Marybeth was a strikingly pretty brunette. My body is okay, my face is okay, but basically, I am just average in looks. Compared to my friends I looked downright plain. I make up for that with a good sense of style. Also, I'm Hispanic, my parents being from Mexico, so my skin is a beautiful light brown color. This isn't always as appreciated as it might be. I stay far away from Maricopa County, for example.
We met up with three Yale men at the ski lodge: Kyle, Mike, and Philip III. Sue and Philip III had something romantic going on, and the rendezvous was arranged by those two. We call him Philip III because his name is Philip Everett III. He is from old money. Boy, did I not fit in! I'm just a simple Chicago girl from a good Catholic family, with hard working parents, brothers and sisters.
My mother and brothers and sisters are illegals. My father died shortly after I was born. I'm the youngest, and I was born in Chicago. I'm the anchor baby. But right now as I write this, a few years later, my siblings are terrified by the ending of DACA. They're all Dreamers, you see. They work hard, and they're smart, and they've done well for themselves. They don't even speak Spanish. But it's not clear the government cares any longer.
Things were fine my junior year. But the whole illegal situation, especially with my Mom, caused a lot of stress. Going skiing was my way of running away from all the tension and stress.
It was really cold, so I did not do much skiing, but when I did it was wonderful: we had the slopes almost to ourselves. It was deathly quiet; all I could hear was my own breathing. I saw Sue and Philip III ski off the approved trails, probably to be by themselves. Not much hanky-panky they could get into, though, it being so cold. We were all wearing lots of clothes. I think they just like being by themselves. Good for them.
We had taken a special bus to get to the slopes, but we were ready to go early, days before the bus was scheduled to leave. The boys offered us a ride, and while it would be crowded in their SUV, we readily agreed. They would take us to New Haven, and the following day we could take a train back to the city, and from there get back to our college. The car was crowded, and Sue ended with Philip III in the far back of the SUV.
I have good hearing, and at one point, around Hartford, I heard a zipper being opened. I wanted to look, but I decided to give Sue and Philip III some privacy. I think Marybeth did not notice anything. When we got to New Haven, Mary and Sue went in together on a hotel, but I was tapped out. I had no money for such a luxury.
One of the three Yale men, Kyle, offered to put me up for the night. Sue and Mary were alarmed, telling me he would take advantage of me. I got annoyed and told them, "Maybe I want that. I'm a big girl. Leave me alone." Off I went to Kyle's room and my two friends were convinced my honor would be compromised just to get a warm room to sleep in. I didn't think they really cared, but maybe I was wrong.
Kyle stayed in one of the Yale dorms. Boy, those dorms are fancy! They are divided into different stairwells, and at each landing there are two rooms, one across from the other, with a shared bathroom in between. Kyle shares his room with two roommates who were away, which is why he offered me a place to spend the night. Across the hall, sharing the bathroom in between the suites of rooms, lodged Mike and Philip III.
When we got to Kyle's room, he became the gracious host. He changed the sheets on the bed of his roommate, gave me towels, and offered me one of his T shirts as a nightgown. Then he made us drinks. He used his own special recipe for a margarita. I had never had a margarita before, since I'm only 20 and do not have a fake ID for the bar scene, and boy, were these margaritas good!
I had five margaritas before I realized I had had three or four too many. I was as drunk as a skunk. Now it goes without saying, I hope, that I had no intention of sleeping with Kyle. I just needed a place to stay. But I also knew I had to make some sort of accommodation. I had to give Kyle something. So when he made his move, after my fifth margarita, pulling me into him and kissing me gently, I kissed him right back. I owed him that much, I thought.
Kyle kept right on kissing me, however, and damn if his kisses were not nice. I kind of liked Kyle anyway, and I hoped that he liked me, too, despite my ethnicity. So, I decided to have some fun, and I thought I'd see how far this was going to go, knowing at any point I could say no and put a stop to it. I'm not the prettiest girl in the world, and my body is at best average, and I could afford to lose a few pounds, so having a man be as into me as Kyle clearly was, well, I was enjoying it.
As I let things develop, Kyle began to feel me up. I liked it. We continued to kiss; his kisses continued to be great. I was getting turned on. So was Kyle, judging by the lump in his pants. Kyle began to undress me, removing my blouse. A while later he unzipped my skirt, too, and I was down to my bra and panties. I decided I was undressed enough, and he was not going to get any more clothes off of me. It was time to say no.
But I was troubled by the asymmetry. I was in a bra and panties, and Kyle was still fully dressed, in his preppy-modern outfit.
I began to remove his clothes, to end the asymmetry. He helped; perhaps he helped a bit too much. Soon I was looking at a nice, erect, hard and throbbing cock. Maybe this was going too far. I still had on my bra and panties, but...whoops. Strike that. Kyle found the clasp on my bra, and bam, I was down to my panties. This was getting dangerous.
Kyle raved about my boobs. He seemed to be in awe of them. I was eating this up. I guess they're bigger, even quite a bit bigger (D cup territory), than Marybeth's and (especially) Sue's. Anyway, having this Yale man rave about my body like that was like manna from heaven for my insecure, poor opinion of my sexual self-worth.
One way to remove the sexual tension and consequent danger would be to give Kyle a hand job or a blowjob. Then I could keep my panties on, and nobody would be trying to fuck me. But I had never intended for things to get even this far! But then again, here we were, we were that far. Reality's a bitch. I began to play with his cock, and Kyle began to smile through his kisses.
I gave him a nice hand job, and he blew his load all over the place. He had no paper towels, and no Kleenex, so I went to the hallway to the common bathroom he shared with his neighbors in the same entryway.
I got some toilet paper to clean us both up. I stayed in the toilets and wiped myself up, then grabbed a lot more for Kyle, the floor, and the carpet. I was dressed only in panties, and I was at risk of exposing myself in my near total nudity to the other Yale men who shared the bathroom. The idea of the risk turned me on. I was getting seriously wet down there.
As luck would have it, Mike and Philip III came to the bathroom while I was gathering up toilet paper. I blushed and smiled at them, and one of them, Mike, said "Great boobs, Cathy." I was excited to be almost naked in front of the two men. I did not understand it at the time, but boy, was I turned on!
Nobody before this evening had ever told me before I had great boobs. I overreacted, and I thanked him, saying "That remark gets you a kiss." I kissed him right there, in the hallway. While we kissed, Mike played with my boobs, and I just let him. I was spiraling out of control. Mike ended up following me into Kyle's room, and he watched as I cleaned up Kyle and myself, using the toilet paper.
Mike said, "Can I have another of those wonderful kisses?" I smiled and kissed him again. Soon I was kissing both men, as they passed me back and forth. The men were enjoying playing with my boobs, and I was enjoying their attention even more. Mike removed his clothes too, and now I had two naked men on my hands, and all I had left on to protect my honor was my panties. Worse, Kyle had recovered his erection.
Kyle gently pushed me down on my back, as he kissed me and played with my boobs, and while he was keeping me busy, Mike pulled my panties off. Okay, this was getting serious. Where was I going with this? If I wanted to see where it would go, it seemed pretty obvious at this point that I had to stop it or I would be having sex. Lots of sex.
Actually, my alcohol addled brain had come to this realization just a tad too late. Kyle's fingers were already in my pussy, and they simply felt divine. I had too many endorphins running around in my cute little head to think straight. It just seemed silly to stop a man from giving me so much pleasure.
As Kyle fingered me masterfully, Mike began to worm a finger into my asshole. This was a place no man had ever bravely gone before! It was a new sensation for me, and I had to decide if I liked it. This was not easy, given the extraordinary pleasure Kyle was giving me. This was the first time a man had ever fingered me, and boy did I love it!
My boyfriend and I had broken up a few weeks earlier. Well, more like a few months earlier. We had fucked all the time, but he had never fingered me, licked me, or engaged in foreplay at all. I was always dry when he entered me, so I was not that enthusiastic about sex.
That's why this fingering Kyle was up to was new for me, and I was loving it. Kyle pushed my legs apart to gain better access, and I spread them happily and willingly. Kyle stopped fingering me and he got between my legs. Uh-oh. I knew my pussy was soaking wet. I had to tell him not to fuck me, since a fuck was clearly imminent.
For some reason, I found myself unable to speak. When language finally returned to me, Kyle was already inside me, and the words that came out were not no, or stop, or even please no, but instead I heard myself saying, "Oh! Yes. Oh yes. Fuck me, Kyle. Fuck me like you mean it," and then I degenerated into softly moaning.
I became dimly aware that while we were fucking, Mike was watching us intently. I had never done it for an audience before. Hell, I had never done it with anyone before except my boyfriend, and then it was always in a dark room in total secrecy. This turned me on like I had never been turned on before.
Kyle was the beneficiary of my extreme arousal due to being watched while we made love. I became a wild woman, wrapping my legs around him, trying to crush him with my legs, and clawing at his back as I moaned to the high heavens. I kissed his chest whenever it was in range of my mouth.
The habit of softly moaning I had developed in the near totally secret sexual escapades with my old boyfriend seemed silly, when now I even had an audience. So, I really let loose. It was as if someone had just turned up the volume on my voice box; turned it way up. All the way up. I was loud!
Philip III must have heard the noise. Or else he wondered what was detaining Mike so long in Kyle's room. Probably he had an idea, having seen both my attire (or lack thereof) and my relaxed attitude when Mike mauled my boobs earlier. I'm sure he thought I was a floozy, a slut, and that he felt like a fool wasting his time with that stuck up rich bitch Sue, who would never have let him (or anyone else) fuck her.
So as Kyle fucked the bejesus out of me, we soon had an audience of two men: Mike and Philip III. Philip III went with the flow, and he became naked, too. As I moaned in ecstasy, Mike came over and put a blindfold on me.
Kinky, I thought. Philip III then pulled my two hands over my head, and I heard a clink as the handcuffs closed around them. Someone must have tied up my legs, too, because now I could not move much, stuck in a spread-eagle position, even as Kyle kept fucking me mercilessly.
I must confess, this kinky bondage aspect turned me on horribly, and my moans turned almost to screams, as my climax overwhelmed me. Kyle still had not cum, but he mercifully pulled out after I climaxed.
"Want to play a game, my love?" Kyle said.
"Oh god, yes. Whatever you want, Kyle. Jesus, this is so erotic!" I said. I was loving the kinky aspects almost as much as I loved the exhibitionism. This was all so new and exciting.
"Can you see anything through the blindfold?" he asked.
"Not a thing," I said. "Nothing, just darkness. Total darkness. No puedo ver nada."
"Okay, here's the game. Each of us is going to fuck you. You have to guess who is fucking you, and if you get all three right, you get a prize."
"All three of you?" I asked, now terrified. I had not even planned on having sex with Kyle! Now he was proposing sex with all three of them, back to back? "I'm not sure that's a good idea. Kyle. You're only the second man I've been intimate with, and it was a big decision tonight to let you have your way with me."
Mike said, "Cathy, you are so sexy. I would simply die if I could not enjoy your body. You would be doing me a huge favor. I am in serious lust for you. And don't forget the prize!"
I was weakening. I blame it on the five margaritas. Then Philip III said, "Cathy, you are so much sexier than Sue. God, you're hot. I want you and I want you bad." That really got to me. Telling me I was sexier than Sue, the rich bitch goddess? Little old brown skinned me? Barely legal me? I loved it. I lost all resistance when he said that.
I said, "What's the prize?" When I said that, the men knew they had me.
Kyle said, "Philip III bought a necklace for Sue. He planned to give it to her once he laid her at the ski lodge."
"Yeah, but the stuck-up bitch never even let me see her boobs. All she did was blow me during the ride back to New Haven. So, I've still got the necklace. It's gold and diamonds," Philip III said.
I felt bad for Sue. Here she had humiliated herself by giving Philip III a semipublic blowjob with the four of us listening in, and now he's trashing her for not putting out and surrendering her body completely to him? What a creep. Well, knowing that Philip III is a sexist creep did not surprise me.
"So, what about it, Cathy?" Kyle asked.
"I doubt I'll do a good job. The only man I recognize is Kyle, who by the way, just gave me the best fuck of my life," I said.
"We know," Mike said. "We saw. God, you are a hot babe, Cathy. So that's a yes?"
I could not agree to do such a thing. I did not say yes, but more significantly, I did not say no. I did not say anything.
"Qui tacet consentit," Mike said in Latin. I knew that much Latin, so I simply nodded. My nod was barely perceptible, but I have to admit it: It was a palpable nod.
The boys decided to draw cards for the order, and soon a man was kissing me. I managed to say, "Use condoms, okay?" The boy kissing me said, "Of course, babe." I recognized the voice. Mike was going first.
Mike gave me a beautiful fuck. He started slow, and I groaned my appreciation. I had already climaxed, so I was sensitive, and I appreciated how gentle he was. As he began to pump in and out, however, I became much more eager, rising up to meet his thrusts, as much as I could, given my bonds.
Mike began to screw me, and this was heaven on earth. I had never enjoyed sex like this. I had never enjoyed anything like this. That we were being watched by two men who would soon be taking their turn with me made it so erotic. I was almost panting.
Some girls might have been freaked out. Some might have been grossed out. Being gangbanged is not for everyone. I guess I'm unusual, but let me tell you if anyone had said three men were going to take turns fucking me, with me blindfolded and not knowing for sure who was fucking me when, and that I would like it, even love it, eat it up, I would have laughed my head off. I would have told them they were crazy.
Much too soon Mike blew his load into the rubber. He reluctantly withdrew, and almost immediately another man replaced him. "Give me a moment to recover from that wonderful fuck," I said.
The man began playing with my boobs, and kissing me, leaving my pussy alone, to let it recover. He twisted my nipples, he squeezed my boobs, and then he pretended to nurse from them, taking as much of my left boob as he could into his mouth. Finally, I said, "Okay. I'm ready for you."
That's all he needed. I knew it was Philip III because his cock felt huge, much bigger than Kyle's cock. And Mike had just laid me, so by elimination, this was Philip III. Anyway, he just plunged in fiercely. This man had no delicacy, all he had was size and power. I guess it was my first ever introduction to rough sex. He fucked me brutally, as if he hated me or as if he were punishing me.
It sounds strange to say this, because there is nothing more intimate than fucking, but I felt his brutal rough fucking was not meant to be hostility towards me per se, but rather towards women in general.
This was just his style, and he was using his cock as a weapon, not as a tool of love. Anyway, aside from this ridiculous analysis, I loved it, and I was not shy about showing it. And if my cries of pleasure and moans were not enough, my second orgasm of the evening was probably convincing,
Kyle was the third, and, I thought, the last. My body greeted him like an old friend giving me a comfort fuck. Kyle was different: with him, he was not just enjoying the warm, velvety, and inviting pussy of a slut, as were Mike and Philip III. No, for Kyle I was Cathy, and I was a girl I think that he actually liked. His fuck was beautifully corrupted with affection, in addition to the customary heavy dollop of lust I had enjoyed from the other two men. I loved his fuck most of all.
After Kyle came, and we were done, the men were eager to hear my best guess as to the order. "Untie me, and I'll tell you," I said.
"Okay Cathy, but leave the blindfold on," Kyle said.
"Why?"
"We're not done with you, yet, you little wench," Mike said.
I did not like the sound of that, but I very much did want to be released, so I agreed to keep the blindfold on. "The order was Mike, Philip III, and Kyle," I said.
"Okay, I'm impressed. How did you do it?" Kyle asked.
"Well, I recognized Mike, and I know your cock, Kyle, so by elimination the giant cock in the middle had to be Philip III," I said. It all seemed so simple.
Kyle took off the blindfold. There were six men there. I was shocked. I was naked and I guessed they had all even seen me getting fucked. I immediately had to deal with the fact that six men had watched me get fucked, and were now gazing at my nude and just ravished body.
I don't think my reaction was that of your typical woman: I suddenly realized I loved it. I found it erotic. I was not embarrassed nor ashamed. I did not try to hide my nudity. I knew enough to realize just then that I was different. I was not normal. I guessed I must be an exhibitionist.
Looking back there had been plenty of hints. I was always kind of hoping someone would find my boyfriend and me in flagrante delicto at least one time, even if it never happened. I frequently "forgot" to lock the bathroom door when I showered at home, hoping my brothers would spy on me, but these things never came to pass.
I did not bother to lower the blinds when I changed clothes in my bedroom. Probably at least someone had seen me doing that. So, I should have known I was an exhibitionist, but the realization forced upon me just then nevertheless came as a shock.
Looking at the men, three of them being men who just fucked me, I saw that Philip III was not there. Kyle saw my confusion, and he said, "Philip III is across the hall fucking Sue's brains out, so we needed a volunteer to take his place. One of these six men is our second fuck. We tricked you. And you won the necklace. Congratulations."
I was in shock. "You let a complete stranger fuck me, and all these strangers watch me get gangbanged? You bastards!" I said. "Which one of you assholes fucked me? Speak up, assholes!"
One man came forward. He had a giant and flaccid cock dangling from his groin. It was coated with a mixture of my juices and his own cum. It looked kind of ugly. "How do I know it was you?"
"We could try again. Given your talents, you might recognize my cock and/or my style," giant cock man said.
"What's your name?" I asked.
"Michael Everett," he said. I looked at him, incredulous. "I'm Philip's brother."
"Jesus," I said. "Well get out, all of you. Leave me alone with Kyle."
"What about the necklace you won?" Michael Everett said. He presented me with a box. The box was from Tiffany. "How about a kiss and a boob fondle to show no hard feelings?" Michael Everett said.
I took the box and kissed him. He kissed back, and soon he had me on my back, kissing me and playing with my boobs. He stopped, opened the box, and removed the necklace. He lovingly put it around my neck. I almost swooned. "Is it real?" I asked.
"It's as real as my cock,' he said, as his cock (with no condom on it) entered my pussy and immediately we were back to rough sex. It was hard, but I managed to groan out "condom!" but Michael Everett just ignored me. He fucked me completely brutally, and I knew I would be injured or at least sore, but dammit I loved every second of that passionate fuck.
I fucked him back for all I was worth. No longer bound, I wrapped my legs around him and tried my best to crush him between my legs. My fingers clawed at his back. I bit him. He ignored it all, and just pounded me to smithereens. I recognized the style of the fuck. He was the second man, all right.
Michael Everett had real staying power, but then this was his second fuck, wasn't it? He lasted a long time, and I had yet another orgasm during his cruel and yet wondrous fuck. It occurred to me during this marathon fuck, that this was my fifth fuck of the night, with three different men. When he finally finished, I could tell the spectators were eager to get in on the action. No way. That was not going to happen.
This time when I sent them all out, I stood up and pushed them to the door. They each got a kiss goodnight and some boob fondles, but I eventually got rid of all of them. I then spent the night in bed with Kyle, and in the morning, we fucked twice again before I left to meet up with Sue and Marybeth. Kyle wants to see me again. Well, I should hope so! I gave him my coordinates.
I whispered something to Michael Everett as he left after a parting boob fondle, and he smiled. He said he'd see what he could do, and he'd send me a text to let me know. The next morning, I got the text. Here is what Michael Everett wrote: "I nailed the slut. Philip and I took turns. God, do I prefer you! Sue does not even move. She lies there, legs spread, and lets you fuck her. You in contrast are the best I've ever had."
When the three of us met up at the Amtrak station, Marybeth greeted Sue and me with a hello, and she said, "Well girls, was your honor compromised last night?"
Sue lied like a rug, saying no, she had just made out a little with Philip III. She said he tried, of course, but she resisted. "You didn't even give him another blowjob?" I maliciously asked. That way she knew that I knew that she had given him one in the SUV en route back from Vermont.
Sue glared at me, but she said nothing. The bitch: I knew she had fucked like a bunny, and two men at that! It really did not matter that they were brothers. I liked Sue. I was glad to be her friend. But why couldn't she be honest, and let us know that Philip III and his brother fucked her brains out last night?
Then I realized that some people are very private about their intimate life. They have every right to be, too. Plus, Sue might be ashamed of her behavior, letting two men have her in the same evening. That's not acceptable in the social circles of the rich, I assume. Or maybe it is? Rich people are not like you and me.
"How about you, Cathy? Honor still intact?" Marybeth asked, jokingly. She assumed I had been a good Catholic girl. I always had been up to that point.
"I guess you could say my honor is now a little tarnished," I said.
"Woohoo! Tell me the details, babe! You go all the way?" she asked.
"Repeatedly," I said. "I fucked like a bunny. It was fun. You should try it sometime," I replied. I fondled my new necklace, sitting beautifully around my neck, and I smiled.
I had two surprises yet to come. Shortly after I was safely home that same remarkable day, back at my own college, I got a call. Michael and Philip Everett were downstairs, wondering if they could come up to see me?
I let them up, and I ended up letting them take turns with me just as they had done with Sue before me. Michael had been raving about me to Philip III, and he simply had to try me out for himself. I had just become a slut, but I've always been a generous person. So, it makes sense to be a generous slut, I guess. I complied, as long as Michael watched. He was happy to do so.
I got to enjoy Michael's monster cock three times before he went on his merry way. And Philip III got to fuck me (and I got to fuck him, too, of course) for the first time (and the second time; Philip III enjoyed my charms twice that night). Ho hum for Philip III, but if you like it rough, then his brother Michael can really fuck!
For the next two years, Michael Everett would just show up from time to time, always when I was alone. It was eerie how he always seemed to know when Kyle was not there. I always welcomed him, and I welcomed him into my bed, as well. I pretended it was just meaningless sex for both of us. But actually, I think in a strange way we were in love. For him, it seemed he could never get enough of me and as he called it, my "magical pussy." For me, well, I just loved the rough sex. I stayed a slut, but for him only.
The second surprise was that Kyle really did want to see me again. We had a few dates, a lot of sex, and bingo: I had a new boyfriend. Kyle was a keeper, and he even took me to meet his parents. That's when you know it is serious.
Kyle was perfect for me. He liked risky sex almost as much as I did. We had sex everywhere, including public parks, highway rest stops, shopping center parking lots, and my particular favorite: a museum bathroom. We were only caught one time, and then the man who caught us simply watched. God, that was hot. I was worried he would want to try me out, but luckily, he did not.
It was time to put away my newly discovered slut personality, at least for a while (except for the occasional secret romp with Michael Everett and his monster cock. Kyle never knew of those). I became a good girl again. But eventually (a little over a year later), it seems that Kyle had had enough of my whole-wheat bread complexion. He traded me in for some white bread that was more appropriate to his social standing. I did not like it, but I know how the world works. I accepted it. I had no choice, anyway. I was dumped nicely, but I was dumped.
So now I'm single again, and back to one night stands, which at first I did with a vengeance, as if to punish myself for my stupidity for having thought, and believed, that Kyle would be the one. But nevertheless, my new one night stands are nothing like the one I had at the end of that ski trip during my junior year. No, they're normal, and tame.
Well, there is that one exception when a group of us played bridge over at John's place. As the evening progressed, we decided that each of us would remove a piece of clothing whenever someone won the contract in notrump. It was kind of a celebration to play the game without trumps. I'm sure you get the pun.
But that's another story. There's a good side to my current unstable state, I'm sure, and I hope to find it. I hope to find it soon.
What keeps me going, throughout it all, is the undying, never flagging, continuity of Michael Everett's lust for me. From the standpoint of his peers, he is ruling class, and I am brown trash. That is the essence of why it will never really work for us.
But Michael has it bad for me, and it seems he can never get enough of my - as he puts it - spectacular pussy. I feel the same way about his brand of rough sex. I suspect we will be illicit lovers for the rest of our lives. But in the meantime, I want a husband, children, the whole nine yards. And so the search, with its consequent sexual extravaganza, continues. I've decided just to sit back, relax, and enjoy the ride.