The al fresco dinner party had been a great success.
Kisses and hugs all around as the assembled, slightly inebriated, guests, began to say good night.
Amidst the commotion, my turn arose as the hostess turned to me with a big smile. I felt her left hand on my arm, and leaning in for the assumed usual air kiss, I felt her right hand on my left breast. She pressed herself closer to me, cupped my breast and thumbed my nipple through the white lace bra that I had on under my white top.
I sucked in a deep breath in astonishment.
She gave my whole breast other squeeze as my nipple hardened and lengthened into her palm.
"I am so glad we met at the birthday party the other night and included y'all in tonight's dinner. I heard you say, you are an early riser and like to go out for a walk. Tomorrow, when you are out, stop in for coffee. Peter and I would like that," she said sotto voce in my ear as she looked toward her husband. I followed her eyes.
Peter was saying good bye to others but met our gaze and discretely placed his hand on his crotch and casually but deliberately ran his thumb slowly along a developing ridge in his cargo pants. Almost hidden by his Hawaiian shirt, the signal was missed by the others but it was clear to us.
Pam continued to grope my tit and I know she could not help but feel my positive response.
She was sure when she heard the "mmmmm" I murmured as I enjoyed the small jolts of electricity shooting through my body.
"Till tomorrow then?"
"I am usually up and out about 5:30 or so. Too early?"
"Just a bit by the time we clean up this mess. Coffee will be ready at 6?"
"Perfect!" I whispered conspiratorially, as I completed the double cheek kiss and she let go of my breast.
Peter saw that I had said good-bye to his wife and moved toward me. "Are we good? It was a treat to get to know you and I look forward to getting to know you even better."
Before I could answer, a loud voice rang out. "Let's go darlings, the car is waiting for those who want a drive and those who want to walk...we'll see you back at the house."
"Coming." was the high volume chorus that rang echoed through the entry hall. I looked at Peter, raised my eyebrows and shrugged my shoulders.
"TaTa" I cried out with a big air kiss, as I was swept away into the warm summer night.
As we walked home, I thought about recent events. We were visiting for a week with long-time friends. They had had hosted a large party for about forty people couple of night earlier where, although we were not honoree, we were celebrated attendees. That's when I had met Pam and Peter. Long-time friends with our friends, they seemed a little less conservative than our friends and both were very outgoing. Pam, as I came to find out later, led a no-carb life, successfully it could be said if her thin waifish body were used as proof. Peter, large and gregarious appeared to eat all his carbs as well as her share. They knew everyone and added a real sparkle to the party. We seemed to hit it off and they had invited us and a couple of other women to an impromptu dinner party that we just left.
Pam was more than a good chef. She was excellent. With Peter as her sous-chef and griller-in-chief, they had created a feast. Grilled zucchini, grilled egg-plant, basil with mozzarella de buffalo, shrimp in a Thai curry were among the many dishes savored with multiple glasses of champagne and a never ending supply of various wines. The conversation on the deck was varied, loud and stimulating. When the cream-cheese cake arrived we all oohed and aahed. It had tasted as good as it looked and the table covered with empty dishes, empty, full and half-full glasses served as a platform for continued cross table discussion.
I had been seated next to the host who, when not at the grille, entertained me with stories of his eccentric life. I also learned he and Pam had been married 23 years and were happy as ever. He was terribly clever and intelligent with wide ranging interests - many of which were also of interest to me. We got on well, and I often found him discretely eyeing me up and down. My white top had, perhaps too many, buttons undone with the result that my lace bra was teasing him. Intentionally? Perhaps.
The walk hope went quickly due to my foggy head as I turned over the events of the last few days and before I knew it I was undressed and in the bed of the guest room.
Suffering from all the wine and champers, I tossed and turned all night. My anxiety was compounded by my unusually quick acceptance of their most unusual offer. I could not sleep, thinking about the morning. I had never really experienced anything like what happened and was taken aback at my response. Could I blame it on the wine? I needed to blame it on something or someone.
My internal alarm went off in my head and I struggled out of bed. During the night I had decided on my morning outfit - ¾ length black capri leggings with their shear vertical chevron inserts and my sleep top. Not usual for me, as I have to admit I am a semi-secret exhibitionist. My cotton sleep top is really nothing more than a teal colored t-shirt with a wide deeply scooped neck and cap sleeves. It comes to my waist so that I sleep naked from the waist down. It is large and supple enough that I can wear if off one shoulder or in fact - off both shoulders. When I wear it outside in public, I usually do so with a scarf with a simple wrap around my neck. It hangs down over my breasts offering, if need be, token modesty. It has saved me if say for instance, when at Starbucks for morning coffee, the top slips off my shoulder. A welcome wardrobe malfunction such as a nipple slip occurs. My new pink espadrilles and wrap-around sunglasses complete the look.
A quick face scrub, a minute to touch up my eyebrows, an application of my standard Revlon pink lip gloss, and I was ready. I quietly opened the bedroom door, descended the stairs and exited the house. Hoping that I had not woken those still snug in their beds, I tried to be as quiet as a mouse.
The urban neighborhood at that hour of the morning is suburbanly quiet. With the sun not yet over the horizon, the scent of roses and magnolia teases my nose and the currents of warm air wafts the sounds of rustling of leaves and lawn sprinklers to my ears. I love this hour between night and day. With the sunglasses perched on the top of my head, I walk quietly enjoying the tranquility of the dark inhaling the day. It is however a walk not without trepidation. I feel my heart begin to beat faster and my chest begin to tighten as I check both way for cars, then cross the intersection against the light and head down the hill.
Since in my sub-conscious haste I am early, I pass the turn-off and walk a few more blocks. I slip my top off one shoulder and feel the cool air on the top of my breast. I pull the scarf away and let the last of the flickering street lamps play over its contours.
"Enough lolly gagging." I say to myself and make the last turn of the last neighborhood loop back to the house.
I stop at the front gate, take a deep breath, unlatch and begin the walk up the slate path. My approach alerted the now two barking dogs inside. So much for stealth giving me a chance to run away.
I was about to ring the doorbell when Pam opened the door. She stood on the threshold in her semi shear white spaghetti strap top that came down to her hip. She might have had panties on but I could not see. If she did they were very small.
"I am so glad you came." she exclaimed quietly as she leaned forward to greet me. She again took my arm and placed her right hand on my breast. It must be her signature move. Her hand landed on the swelling of my breast above the neckline of my top. Her small hand immediately slipped inside and down to cup my breast. She pulled the neckline down, exposing my entire left breast to the cool morning air.
"Beautiful." She offered as she simultaneously looked quickly around to see if any neighbors were about while continuing to caress and fondle me. She toyed with my nipple expertly while completing the air kisses.
"Come in. Peter is upstairs on the deck with the coffee. I am just finishing up some biscotti to have with it." She pulled me inside by the arm and closed the door. Not need to lock it. It was Canada after all.
"Go up like that. Put a smile on Peter's face." she instructed as she left for the kitchen.
I walked through to the central stair that rose up two stories to the third floor deck. It would likely put a smile on Peter's face but it was sure putting a smile on mine. Approaching the top, I adjusted the scarf to hang down the middle. Bisecting my bosom, it split my cleavage, leaving a covered breast on the right and a bare breast, bumpy areola and extended nipple exposed on the left.
Peter was in the same Hawaiian shirt but it was now fully open and he had traded the cargo pants for a pair of orange Ralph Lauren boxers. With his back to me, he was nursing a cup of coffee leaning on the balcony rail, watching the sun crest the city skyline.
"Hello," I called out as I reached the top riser and stood there expectantly. I could see the large table from last night had been pushed to the end of the deck and the chairs arranged informally around a small coffee table and chaise lounge.
Peter turned, took a step forward and stopped suddenly as he waited for me to make my entrance.
"Did you come over like that?"
"No I didn't. Maybe I should have. Pam did this when she greeted me at the door." I replied as Peter stared at my exposed breast and let a smile come to his lips.
"So you're a bit of an exhibitionist and Pam is a slut? Is that what you are saying?"
His use of the harsh word slut startled me and titillated me at the same time, but before I had a chance to respond, "Who are you calling a slut?" Pam said as she reached the top of the stairs just behind me.
"You darling. Would you have preferred cock sucker or cunt licker?"
"No I guess not, since those are too limiting. You know there is also: size queen, ass licker, cum dump, rim jockey to name a few." she replied quickly as she pushed past me carrying a plate of newly baked aromatic biscotti.
"Here are the biscotti. Shall I pour coffee?"
"In a second darling, I just want to make sure you are okay with being called a slut."
'Oh my God,' I thought to myself, where is this conversation going. I did not have to wait long.
"I'm good with slut. After all, that is how we met."
"How did you two meet?" I asked trying to get a handle on them.
"Do you want to tell her or should I?"
"Let me tell the story honey, while I pour coffee for all of us." Pam said quickly.
"There was a large community event that we both attended. It was my first time fully dressed in public and I hoped that I would simply blend in and not be noticed. I was nervous but after a while I felt that someone was watching me. It was Peter. I was in the food line when I heard him ask. 'Aren't you the person who shops down the street at Loblaws?' I smiled demurely and said 'Yes, but why do you ask?' "No reason. I was just that I had seen you fairly regularly and found you attractive.' 'Moi?" 'Yes, you' he said with big smile.
We talked a little and after we had gotten our food, he asked "Mind if I sit with you? I don't really know anyone here.' "Me either, I would like that.'
We sat and talked about this and that and found we got along. He said he was not big on staying at the event and was going to leave. I guess I must have shared the same feeling so he asked if I wanted to come for drink at his place. I almost began to shake. Here I was out in public for the first time and being asked back by a man. I nervously said 'yes.'
To make a long story short. We went back to his place, had a coffee and a cuddle and I don't know what came over me. I gave him a blow-job and then almost ran out of his house. I saw him a few weeks later on the street and he asked if I wanted to go for coffee at Tim Horton's. We went for coffee, stayed for hours and six months later I moved in with him.
He has spiritually and physically supported me during my transition. He knew right from the beginning I was trans and loved me any way. I feel so blessed. From hormones to depilation to breast augmentation Peter is always been there for me. Peter was the first man I ever sucked off and he was the first man to ever fuck me. I love him dearly.
Peter taught me to love sucking cock and anal sex. Perhaps too much. What do you think Peter?"
"Well in my opinion, you can never suck enough cock." he said with a big smile as he took his coffee from Pam and sat in one of the deck chairs. Pam handed me my coffee and took a seat. Handing me the coffee involved running the back of her hand over my exposed and extended left nipple.
"She's got beautiful nipples, doesn't she?" the question directed at her husband.
"She has a gorgeous nipple but I would have to see both if I were to use the plural."
"You don't mind do you?" Pam asked with a twinkle in her eye. While I stood still holding the hot full coffee cup, she plucked the right side of the deeply scooped next and slid it of my shoulder. With my shoulders now exposed, she continued and pulled the front down exposing my other breast. Pulling down the top, bound my arms to my torso so I was somewhat helpless holding the coffee. My nipple extended toward the warm rising sun.
"Yes. Now I can assuredly say she has lovely nipples. But! Can she suck cock as good as you can?"
I was shocked at act and the open nature of the sex talk but was speechless when he asked if I suck cock. I must have just nodded as he and Pam both smiled at me, then each other.
"In the summer, I usually give Peter a morning blow job out here on the deck. Would you mind if I did that now?" she asked, but without a doubt in her mind that I would agree.
"No, I guess not." I replied as she put her own cup down and moved between Peter's legs.
"Does my daddy want his cock sucked?" she mewed as she pushed his shirt open and palmed the bulge in his boxer shorts.
"Why don't you move over to this chair so you can see better?" she suggested as Peter smiled and tapped the seat of the chair to his right.
Still in a state of amazement, with a nod I complied - I put my coffee down and sat in the chair next to them. I watched silently as Pam leaned in to nuzzle her husband's stomach then nibble his cock through the swelling underwear. Peter leaned back, spreading his legs wider. Encouraging his wife to begin, he raised his hips and rather awkwardly took off his shorts and tossed them on the floor on the other side of his chair. His stomach expanded into a middle aged paunch from the release of the elastic waistband. His averaged sized cock was unfurling at the exposure to the warm morning air. He put a hand on her head and pulled her face toward his genitals.
"Daddy wants his blow job." he said firmly.
As Pam began to rub her face over this cock, Peter leaned back again and began to play with his nipples. I watched as his face softened and his eyes become hooded at the titillation. He was reveling in the wanton public display. He was lost in his own feeling and excitement.
Pam began to pull the foreskin back, exposing the coral pink crown. This action encouraged the tumescent cock to expand and lengthen. She kissed the head. She rubbed her face against it. She licked down the shaft and kissed each of the balls. Her focus was on her daddy's reaction. She noted that he had started to drift inward as he focused on the tantalizing mouth that was worshipping his cock.
He reached with his right hand and slipped his finger under the spaghetti strap and tugged the strap off her shoulder.
"Show me your tits darling."
Pam shrugged and the strap fell away and her smooth small breast was partially exposed.
"Would you mind slipping that off her?" Peter asked as he looked at me.
Again, I blame it on the fog of lust, I smiled and nodded. As I leaned forward, Peter ran his hand along my extended arm
"Such smooth skin."
"Yes. Many men and women have said that to me." I replied as I continued to reach forward. In doing so, my leg touched his and my breasts swung free. His hand followed my arm then slipped down. Using the back of fingers he caressed the side of my hanging breast. His soft probing touch gave me goose bumps. I let him rub my breast as I slid Pam's top down, exposing her long dark nipples. I heard her moan at the freedom. She looked at me as she pulled her husband's cock forward and wiped thick viscous pre-cum from the head of his cock over her nipple. She squeezed his cock and another bubble of the gooey substance erupted. She captured this with her fingertip and brought to her lips. She tasted it and smiled then offered it to me. I accepted it and sucked the end of her finger into my mouth.
I felt Peter's hand leave my tender nipple and move up so his palm pressed at the back of my shoulder.
"Why don't you give Pam some help?" he suggested strongly as he gently forced me forward off the chair to a kneeling position between his legs.
"Mmmmm" I offered as his wife pushed his cock toward my mouth. She watched as I licked and savored another release of pre-cum.
"FFFFuuuu..." Peter groaned as I took the head of his cock into my mouth. Pam had now moved aside and was behind me. Her small hormone reduced cock was pressed into my ass as she reached around and played with my heavy aching breasts. I felt her flex and wedge herself between my cheeks. Peter had both hands on the back of my head and was forcing my mouth down on his cock. I could feel his stubble of wiry pubic hair on my upper lip as he bottomed out.
"Gotta slow down or I'll blow." he said as he released my head and pulled his cock out of my mouth. I felt it slip out, stifling the gag complex, I caught my breath.
"Damn that was good. While I take a break, why not let Pam show you how good she is. Lie back on the chaise and get those leggings off."
I struggled to turn around and with Pam's help pulled off my tight leggings. Pam and Peter watched with interest and a small gasp escaped from both of them when they saw my cock spring into view. Bigger than average with a very wide base, it was as hard as it had ever been.
"Can you handle this?" I teased as I grasped my straining member and waved it at them.
"We'll soon find out!" Pam retorted she pushed me onto my back and pushed my legs apart. I was now bottomless and she was now topless. She dragged her nipples along my thighs as she leaned in toward my aching cock. She stopped at my balls and I am so glad she did. She gently nibbled each one before sucking them individually then together into her mouth. She pushed on the underside of my thighs to raise my legs and then let the tip of her tongue play over my perineum. Her technique was stimulating. She edged the rim of my ass before lowering my legs and catching my spasming cock with her lips. I watched as she played the underside like a harmonica then seized the head in her mouth. She pulled away and stretched my cock away from my body to the point I thought it might break off. Her mouth was like velvet and her tongue bathed the underside until it was wet and sloppy.
"So, can she suck cock or what?" Peter asked as he slid off the chair and knelt behind her. He reached for the adjacent coffee table and what I thought were packets of sugar were in fact condoms. He tore one open and the smell of lubricant and spermicide filled the air.
"Keep sucking darling, make her cum while daddy fucks you." he ordered. Leaning back, my elbows resting on the taut webbing, I watched as he unrolled the condom onto his penis and poked his cockhead around, searching for the opening to her cunt. I watched as she tilted her hips and arched her back to aid with the entry effort. While all of this was going on she continuously nursed my cock. A sudden lurch forward - my cock went deeper into her throat. He had penetrated her with a powerful thrust. My cock jerked and throbbed in her mouth. Peter withdrew and thrust again. Pam almost gagged on my cock when he did that.
"Sorry. I'll try to be gentler."
He started a slower, more restrained action and the three of us worked ourselves into a rocking rhythm with Pam between us. My balls were aching from the suction on my cock. My cockhead getting to the point of overstimulation from her fabulous tongue action. Pam was moaning and slurping at one end and was squishy squashy at the other end. Peter had grabbed her hips and was burying himself as deep as he could with every penetration. His body was hunched then ram rod straight as he fucked his wife.
"Pam. Sweetie. Why not give her cock a rest? Push her legs up again."
'Whoa' I thought to myself as my cock was suddenly back in sunlight. Pam slid her hands to the underside of my thighs and pushed my legs up and back toward my head. I fell back to lying on the chaise. My cock was now stabbing into my stomach and my tight balls were aching. My sphincter was exposed. I was stunned to feel her mouth on my balls. She sucked each one in her mouth, then again nibbled at my premium with her nose grazing my balls.
"That's it darling. Get her wet for me." Peter directed
I felt Pam's tongue work its way between my cheeks and begin to rim my ass. I squirmed with delight as I tried to flex my hips to bring my ass closer to her mouth. My knees were close to my shoulders as she struggled to splay me legs wider apart. Just as I was beginning to really enjoy the feeling I felt Pam moving away.
"Go around to her head and hold her legs for me."
Peter had slipped his cock out of his wife and he was now maneuvering himself between my legs with his hard cock dangerously close to my ass. He was a big man and, from my vulnerable position, he loomed over me. His gut was largish and stuck out, partially obscuring his cock. I had only bottomed a few times and each time, I struggled with the size of cock my lovers had. That would not be a problem today, as I thought his average size would be a blessing. Still, I was worried. I shivered a little as I felt the tip of the wet condom brush against me. He placed his hands on the back of my thighs and pushed them down as he lay his cock between my cheeks.
With Pam holding my feet, her small caged cock, still in her white sheer thong, was almost directly over my face. I was intrigued by what I saw. 'Would I ever wear a cage or have bottom surgery?' I questioned myself.
"Take it easy Peter. I've only done this a few times." I pleaded.
"No worries, Darling. I should be good for both of us. I've done this to Pam for years. She is much smaller than you." Peter replied as his right hand guided his cock to my rear puckered entrance. I could feel the pressure of the condom covered cock. I could feel the cool lubricate mixed with his wife's juices and saliva begin to run down the crack of my ass. I felt the resistance of my sphincter to his intrusion. The pressure mounted until the tip of his cock slipped into me.
"Aaaahhhhaaaa!" I quietly moaned as I accepted him into me. He was gentle but still it was painful. The pain turned to discomfort which turned to a wonderful feeling of fullness. He penetrated deeper with each slow thrust. Never fully withdrawing, he plunged deeper until he was balls deep.
"That's it, Peter. Fuck her good." Pam urged as she splayed her knees and sidled over my head and pinned my arms down with her legs. She lowered herself over my face until she was on top of my lips. She pulled her thong aside and began to rub herself over my mouth. Her balls danced over my mouth. In trying to breathe my tongue panted and caressed her.
"Make me cum. Work your tongue over me while my husband shoots a load of his cum in you!" she demanded.
I had little choice but to lick and eat her while being impaled her husband's hard cock.
"Fuuuuuuuuu..." Pam wailed as an orgasm rolled through her body. She released a small stream of watery sperm onto my face.
"Ssshhhhiiiiiii..." Peter groaned as he heard his wife cumming. His balls tightened, his cock flexed as rope after rope of semen burst through his cock and filled my ass.
"Yyyyyeeeeeess..." I wailed when Peter's cockhead probed my prostate. I shot a load of thick creamy cum over my stomach.
Peter rolled off me. My legs came down from my shoulders and the puddle of cum on my stomach began to run off.
"Let me get that." Pam offered as she leaned forward and lowered her face. She licked, lapped and sucked up my sperm. She cleaned my cock head while her husband watched. She was insistent about doing a thorough job. I was spent. I just let her enjoy herself and finish the job. She finished the job by wiping up with her fingers, the cum she had shot on my face. She licked her fingers, gave me a quick kiss on the lips and rolled off, unpinning my arms.
"Was that fun or what?" she offered breathlessly as she kissed each of my nipples before pulling her own top back up.
Peter smiled as he got up slowly and found his chair. With an open Hawaiian shirt, a limp deflated cock but satisfied smile, he sat wearily.
"Thank you both." he said as he reached out to help us both up.
Pam and I were both unsteady, but when we regained our composure. I found and put on my leggings before sitting down.
Pam adjusted her top, reached for the coffee and biscotti, "Now. Tell us about when you began your transition and what your wife thinks about it."
"That my friends. Is another story."