Lexi Leviathan was the lead singer for a freakishly popular Goth-metal band from Portland. At twenty eight, Lexi had been in bands since her teens. Yet it wasn't really her success as a recording artist that had made Lexi a minor celebrity across the United States. When she was twenty-three Lexi had appeared on a tacky reality TV show about a houseful of 'Rock Divas' vying to become America's next top rock goddess.
Lexi didn't win the competition, but she did become an audience favourite on the show. Her authentic hard living ways, fuck you attitude towards the show judges and frequent bitchy ripostes levelled at her fellow house-mates turned the underground metaller into an overground reality TV sensation. Lexi was deemed to be warts and all 'real' in a world of manufactured reality.
After appearing on the show Lexi's band went from strength to strength. People purchased their albums to listen to Lexi and more people than ever went to shows just to see her. Much to the chagrin of some of her band mates, Lexi was a legitimate star who believed herself to be the sole reason for their success. But as difficult as she was to be around for her old bandmates, Lexi was indeed a big part of the reason why they were all able to quit their day jobs and Lexi was also the reason that they were selling out bigger venues than any of them would've previously dreamed possible. Granted, they were hardly selling out arenas or headlining festivals, but they were certainly well on their way to mainstream success.
Lexi had been about to complete a huge, nationwide sell-out tour with the band when disaster stuck. The final show at the tail end of a long string of dates was in a small town somewhere in Alabama. A place that Lexi was more than eager to escape. In less than twenty-four hours Lexi would be at home in Portland with her dogs and her real friends to help her reacclimatise from the madness of touring life. But a welcome return to normality wasn't the only reason that Lexi was looking forward to escaping the tour-bus.
Towards the end of the tour Lexi had told the rest of the band that she would be moving on when the dates were done. Going solo with a lucrative new major label record contract and a cadre of accomplished session musicians to help take 'her sound' to the next level. Resentment had already been growing within the band and Lexi's had announcement annihilated what friendship still remained.
Yet on one level Lexi's long-time bandmates were relieved. The success they'd enjoyed as a result of Lexi's adventures in TV land had initially been sweet, but a string of soul-sucking compromises had left the rest of the band in unfamiliar and not entirely pleasant territory. Their sound had markedly softened, shorn of its sharp edges by unfamiliar producers with an ear for little more than sales.
The experience had been particularly difficult for lead guitarist and former song-writer Clay. He was the founding member of the band and had recruited Lexi and the others. All of the ideas were initially his. Lexi sang his words and the band played his tunes. Clay and Lexi had even been in a relationship for a few years. This had ended by mutual consent prior to Lexi appearing on the TV show. Despite the break-up the pair initially remained friends and were determined to persevere with the band.
Then slowly but surely things changed following Lexi's TV success. Elation regarding the band's sudden ascension gave way to resentment. Lexi seemed to embrace the chopped-up, edited and warped persona that had been presented on TV. The born again TV Rock Diva began to act as if the others were only her backing band. She got her own agent and manager, who slowly pushed the band's trusted long-time manager aside. Said agent and manager facilitated deals with labels and studio-time with the aforementioned producers. They also pushed Lexi as chief song-writer, despite the fact that she had zero talent in this area. Could she belt them out? Most certainly...Could she write them? Certainlynot...
Not to be hindered, Lexi's management set her up with various contracted 'writing partners'. This resulted in a couple of albums more than half full with slickly produced Gothic power ballads credited to Lexi. Clay got to write the other stuff, but these were blunted by pop producers and amounted to nothing more than album filler. Of course the company pushed only Lexi's 'efforts' as singles. And much to Clay's despondence they were more successful than anything he'd ever written for the band.
By the final night of the tour Lexi was barely on speaking terms with her former friends. Clay and Lexi barely even registered the existence of one another. She'd stayed relatively clean for most of the tour, but had been drinking and snorting pretty hard for the final week. The night prior to the show she'd been partying with her manager and various hangers-on. As a consequence Lexi had barely slept. Yet wine, vodka and frequent lines of cocaine kept her buoyant enough to perform and at least enjoy herself.
The performance was average, but Lexi's announcement midway through the set that it would be their last appearance together as a band sent the crowd crazy. Following the show Lexi partied with some casual acquaintances and fans in her own private dressing room. She didn't know or care what the rest of the band were up to. With a little luck she need never see her ex-bandmate losers ever again... A hotel room awaited her and a morning flight back to Portland. With a sizeable amount of coke to finish off before the flight, Lexi knew that she was unlikely to get a quiet night's sleep. Yet it was the fans who seemed more up for partying than her acquaintances. They all quickly said their farewells and drifted off into the night. Lexi's manager had flown out earlier in the evening.
So it was that Lexi found herself giggling and gabbling and smoking in a side alley next to a dive rock-bar at one o'clock on a Friday morning with an assortment of fawning fans and hooting locals.
"A word please ladies!"
The two cops appeared out of nowhere just as Lexi pulled on pipe that was poked between her big black painted lips. The stink of weed was easily detectible in the air. Most of the crowd scattered in panic and it was only Lexi and a couple of her young fans who froze as per the uniformed cop's instructions. Despite the fear and panic rapidly enveloping her very core Lexi couldn't help but level a drug-fuelled sneer of disgust at 'the pigs'.
A young female fan whose name Lexi couldn't even remember matched Lexi's dumbass pipe in mouth posture as the police officers approached...but only for a brief moment.
"I swear she sold me the drugs and showed me how to take them!" Squealed the suddenly teary eyed young fan as she tossed away the pipe and finger jabbed wildly in Lexi's direction.
It took a good few dazed seconds for Lexi to fully comprehend that this devilish bitch - who had brought her own fucking weed and had even been encouraging Lexi to hit the pipe harder all night! -- was actually accusingherof selling drugs.
"Wha..." Lexi was lost for words as the two officers reached the panicked group and took a good gander at the oddball bunch of black-clad tattooed misfits.
Indeed it appeared to the two slightly amused officers that Lexi was the most senior of those that remained before them. At twenty-eight Lexi had almost ten years on the fan-girl sycophants who had insisted that she accompany them to the bar.
The officers shared a patronising smirk. The ghoulish girl who they'd caught red-handed cut quite a figure. Glossy raven hair cascaded down onto her shoulders, while a super-straight fringe cut across her perspiring forehead. Her alabaster skin tone was turning rapidly red, as the morbidperpfluttered her thickly mascaraed fake lashes and pursed her bee-stung black painted lips. Each of her stretched ear lobes were wrapped around twin black discs. Myriad piercings lined her upper ears, while a tusk like bar protruded through her septum and silver studs were visible on each of her cheeks and lower lips. A scraggly, black faux-fur cape was draped over her frilly fronted black Gothic blouse, while tight black jeans stretched down her legs to meet a pair of absurdly high black suede platform boots.
Lexi had only changed her sweaty top following the performance and admittedly did look somewhat outlandish to the attending officers. One of those officers cleared his throat and stepped forward to address the dazed drug-takers.
"Okay ladies. It's clear that you're breaking the law back here, so it goes without saying that we're gonna have to have a few words."
Being super-high, incredibly scared and not at all in her right mind, Lexi dropped the pipe and moved purposefully towards the officers.
"I haven't done anything wrong, okay? So I'm just going to leave you guys to whatever this is..." And with that the petulant Goth superstar actually attempted to push her way between the bemused cops.
If Lexi had have just stopped when her arm was grabbed by one of the cops then things probably wouldn't have escalated like they did. Unfortunately she wrenched her arm away from the cop, shoved them both in a renewed effort to pass and then clawed with black painted nails at one of the officers as he tried to restrain her yet again. This was the final straw. Lexi Leviathan swiftly found herself gasping in pain and kicking her platform booted feet as her face was pressed against piss drenched concrete and her hands agonisingly cuffed behind her back. Unbeknownst to Lexi at that precise moment, she was suddenly facing resisting arrest and assaulting a police officer charges as well as the initial drugs charges. The last night of the last tour was looking like a rough one...
Everything after that seemed to pass by in something of a blur. Lexi was bundled into a Police car and driven straight to what she presumed was a police station. Once at booking her bag and phone were confiscated and all of her pockets thoroughly searched. A sizeable baggie of coke was found by one of the guards. Lexi groaned and shook her head. Why hadn't she dumped it in the alley. The rock goddess felt hot, sick and sweaty as an obese female clerk ran through the myriad offences that she was suspected of perpetrating.
Clearly loving every moment of the freaky Goth girl's discomfort, the porcine clerk then explained to Lexi that she would be placed in a dormitory for the night, potentially charged in the morning and then seen by a judge at some point during the following day. It was all too much.
"But I have a flight in the morning! I need to phone somebody now! I'm entitled to a phone call, aren't I!?"
"You best forget about that flight honey and yes, you are entitled to a phone call, but not at almost three in the morning. I suggest you get some rest, sleep it off and we'll let you have your phone call after breakfast. Nighty-night now."
And with that two female guards took an infuriated and increasingly emotional Lexi by the elbows and led her away from the desk. Lexi stayed silent and fought to hold back the tears as the two lackeys navigated a labyrinth of brightly lit window-less corridors, opening and then securely locking a series of barred gates as they progressed. The oppressive heat seemed to increase as the trio delved deeper into the jail. Lexi could feel her sweat soaked blouse stick to her back, while her sweltering, tired feet literally throbbed inside the impractical stacked platform boots she wore.
"You should be thankful girl. Usually you be getting a strip and cavity search what with you being here on a drugs charge, be we understaffed so you got lucky." Said one of the guards, a beefy black woman with cornrows. The other guard was a young skinny white woman with rat-like features and zero interest in the pierced freak she was escorting. Lexi said nothing in reply, but silently conceded that she was thankful of that at least. The thought of being stripped and...penetrated by some dykey guard was fucking horrific.
Finally the guards guided Lexi from a brightly lit corridor into a huge, shadowy dormitory. Even though the multitude of cramped together bunk beds were inhabited by sleeping figures, a cacophony of heavy breathing, snoring, sleep talking, sobbing, farting and creaking springs rang loud. The idea of actually sleeping during such a din seemed unthinkable to Lexi.
After a moment or two of perusing a clipboard and conversing over their findings, the two guards led Lexi into the maze of occupied bunk beds. It seemed unlikely that an empty bunk was going to reveal itself and for a brief moment Lexi hoped that they'd have to place her in a private cell instead. But yet again luck was not on Lexi's side, as a vacant lower bunk was arrived at in what seemed like the middle of the huge dormitory. The black guard pointed at the empty bunk and looked at Lexi.
"You get some sleep now. Breakfast is at seven, then you'll shower, maybe you'll be formally charged andthenyou get to make your phone call."
Lexi looked forlornly at the thin mattress. Black tears streaked down her white face. The rat-faced girl seemed to study Lexi for the first time.
"Keep your shit closeLexi Leviathan. Bitches in here will steal the shirt from your back given half the chance...and you're probably the most famous celebrity they ever seen." And with that nugget of jail dorm wisdom, the two guards left without another word.
Lexi stood statue-like for a moment. The reality of the situation really began to hit home as her high started to diminish. Descending down on to the grubby thin bunk was hardly appealing, but Lexi's frazzled mind and weary body just had to rest. The partying was beginning to catch up with Lexi and against all expectation she realised that sleep, even in such disgusting surroundings, was all she wanted short of freedom. She eased herself down gingerly onto the bunk and flinched as the springs screamed. Somebody murmured on the bunk up above and Lexi momentarily froze in fear of attracting the ire of her faceless bunkmate.
Eventually Lexi plucked up the courage to lift her legs and lie down. Regardless of how she'd look in the morning and how uncomfortable she was, Lexi just couldn't bear to remove any of her clothing in such hostile surroundings. The notion of being even more vulnerable was just unthinkable.
But as she sweated ever more and reluctantly tossed and turned on the very edge of slumber, Lexi realised that she'd have to remove some clothing if she was ever going to get any sleep. Lexi was just too sapped of strength and emotionally exhausted to maintain her initial resolve. The prospect of oblivion became just too alluring to stay dressed and sweaty in her bunk.
First up she lifted each of her narrow jean cuffs to reveal her pale white hairless legs emerge from the bulky Gothic boots that reached up to just above her ankles. Lexi eased down the inner zips on each boot, actually sighing in relief as the semi-fresh air crept in. Each of the tottering stage platforms were then wrenched off and placed on the floor at the side of the bed. Lexi baulked as she saw the bright white little socks clinging sopping wet to her hot feet at the end of the bunk.
It was the end of the tour and Lexi had been spending so much time partying instead of taking care of basic house-keeping, therefore laundering her underwearhad not been a priority. So when the hard working rock chick realised that she was totally out of clean panties and socks with about three days left on tour, she'd opted to just grab some cheap stuff from a truck stop. All they had were some slutty shiny nylon thongs in various colours and packs of tacky thin white trainer socks of the type Lexi Leviathan would never normallywear beneath her stylish platform boots.
Embarrassed to even be exposing such skanky little socks in a darkened dorm, Lexi fought the urge to pull her boots back on and instead tucked them under the bunk. Next she removed her jacket and placed it with her boots on the floor.
Lexi then reclined and once again tried to get some sleep, but after half an hour of tossing and turning, the distraught Diva realised that sleep in her still heavily covered up state was unlikely. Not only was she still sweating buckets, but she was also perversely horny. Some last surge of narcotic euphoria seemed to have kicked in. Somehow Lexi's vulnerable fear had become strangely eroticised. Her mind raced back to what she'd taken during the evening. She had a dim recollection of a pill procured and swallowed in the bar. Was that responsible for the tingling between her legs?
What had initially seemed unthinkable when arriving in the dorm suddenly began to strangely appeal. To be stripped of all her Lexi Leviathan 'things'. A dragged down ex-Diva passed out in a prison dorm without her stacked platform boots, belly tightening corsets and Gothy threads. A druggy failure at rock bottom.
Of course Lexi knew that getting undressed in such potentially unfriendly environs was foolhardy to say the least, but fatigue and her dissident erotic urges served to drag Lexi in precisely that direction. Submissive fantasies were nothing new to Lexi. As her success as a strong female public figure had grown, so had Lexi's hunger to be dominated. It was something she spent little time pondering, but Lexi knew that such urges were merely the illicit flipside to the powerful straight talking female persona that she'd cultivated since her star had risen.
Lexi Leviathan felt her sex throb as she unfastened her jeans and eased them down her sweaty white legs. Next off was her blouse, which she bundled up along with her jeans and placed under the bunk. This left her clad in only the little white socks, her black corset and the damp, cheap nylon...thong! It was only as she glimpsed the panties in the dark that she remembered. A silly joke. A thing so tacky that she just had to bite. Bought ironically at the truck stop and worn precisely because she was so secure in her outwardly progressively values. The front panel of the sleazy blue thong was emblazoned with a Confederate flag!
Lexi baulked at the exposure of such a thing, but still her hand drifted down and nestled into her tiny racist underwear. Her sex slick, the disgraced Diva knew that she wouldn't be able to stop there...Moments later both her corset and bright purple nylon boob tube that had been nestled beneath were placed under the bed with her other stuff.
Lexi Leviathan lay exposed and vulnerable atop the thin, filthy covers. With her pale white Goth girl skin almost glowing in the dim light, one or two light slumberers took a long look at the fucked-up girl giving up her shit. And Lexi herself felt as if at least one pair of eyes were on her bare body.
The reliable corset had covered a multitude of sins. A discernible paunch and muffin tops a sad testament to zero exercise, copious booze consumption and an on-the-road diet. Of course Lexi Leviathan never claimed to be a stick-thin super-model or anything, but many would be surprised to see quite how out of shape her middle appeared sans support wear.
Lexi's un-hoisted large titties also told tales as they hung down further than expected. Another less the favourable aspect of the stripped down Lexi were her legs. A moderately sized booty sat atop a quite dumpy pair of thickish legs. Her ankles being not particularly well defined, especially with the cheap, white socks barely reaching them. It would be clear to most that Lexi's ever-present platform and high-heeled boots did much to lend a statuesque aspect to her dumpy legs.
Of course Lexi Leviathan was in no way unaware of her minor flaws. It was precisely the act of stripping away all artifice that served to perversely thrill her. Ironically Lexi found herself much more relaxed with her constricting outfit removed, but far too horny to sleep! It took no small measure of will power to refrain from poking her fingers into her panties and flicking herself off for all to see.
Nevertheless, Lexi did spend ten or fifteen minutes under the covers trying to sleep, before she realised that nothing less than a good orgasm would be required before the sandman would put in an appearance. Wired, exhausted and bizarrely turned on, Lexi found herself sitting up in the bunk and fumbling around for her little purple boob tube.
Despite Lexi's eyes being adjusted to the dim light, the disrobed Diva still had no idea where the bathroom was. She did know the way back to the guard station/office though. Had Lexi have been even vaguely in the vicinity of her right mind at that moment, then she surely would have pulled on her jeans and blouse at the very least.
Unfortunately that perverse tickle of submissive masochism had Lexi completely in its thrall. So it was that a fucked-up and stripped down Lexi tippy-toed stupidly through a prison dorm in only her sheer boob tube, Confederate flag thong and little white socks. She heard hushed conversation just outside the door to the office and had sudden second thoughts.
"Who out there?" Piped up the white guard from within, thereby robbing a swiftly mortified Lexi of even the option of retreat. Lexi so wanted to return to the dirty bunk, but knew damn well that it was too late for that.
"Well!?" Bellowed the black guard.
Lexi was left with no option but to poke her head around the door and make her reticent request. She felt even more naked than she actually was.
"Um, I was looking for the bathroom please?" The words dribbled shamefully from between Lexi's still black painted lips before she quickly withdrew her head again. The black guard grinned, while the white one tutted in irritation.
"I gotta do the hourly rounds, so I'll take her. Let me just get my shit." The skinny young white guard grumpily arose from where she'd been snacking on M&M's and slurping on a grape soda.
"Don't be creeping in the dark out there prisoner. Step into the light where I can see you until Officer O'Reilly is ready." Demanded the black guard.
Lexi wished for the ground to swallow as she tentatively stepped into the light. Stripping down suddenly didn't seem like such a sexy idea. A mocking guffaw rang loud, as the black guard spat coffee down her shirt and gazed at Lexi in amazement.
"And you said this girl's a rock star or something?! Looks more like some strung out crack ho who sold her clothes for a fix. And look her goddamn redneck panties!" The black guard cracked to the white guard in amazement. O'Reilly turned from her phone and gawped at the stripped down prisoner standing in the doorway. A dirty smirk quickly found its way onto her crooked, freckled face.
There she was. Hard living rock Diva Lexi Leviathan stood small and afraid in a prison dorm wearing a slutty boob tube, a tiny Confederate flag nylon thong and two sweaty little no-show socks.
O'Reilly took it all in. Her pale white bare skin, her heaving titties drooping without the gothy corset, her loose-ass chubby belly, the muffin tops that peaked out of the tight thong, the light brown curly bush poking out down below, the sweaty lil white socks and those dumpy damn legs minus the ever-present heels.
How the mighty had fallen...
"Well, well, well, curtains don't match the drapes, huh?" Snickered O'Reilly.
And then before Lexi knew what was happening the guard had lifted her phone and took a photo of her. Lexi was absolutely speechless. Scared to complain, but mortified at the prospect of said snap turning up online. And worst of all she knew that it would never have happened if she hadn't have stripped off and then gone looking for help!
"Why you take all your shit off girl?" The black guard asked
"I...I was too hot." Lexi squeaked while struggling to hold back the tears.
"You really are a mess girl. But you better take care now, bitches in here will steal your shit if you don't keep it close. And you should wipe that ghoulish ass make-up off before morning. Some of the other ladies might not take kindly to some goddamn Satanist sharing they dorm.' And with that advice imparted, the black guard promptly went back to reading her tatty romance paperback.
"I'll take her a towel." Said O'Reilly, as she approached the doorway and waved Lexi off. She turned around and laughter erupted anew.
"Is that a goddamn bat on her ass!?" Bellowed the black guard as she spotted the cute little black bat silhouette that Lexi had long ago had tattooed on her left butt cheek. Lexi audibly whined in humiliation.
CRACK! The flicked towel licked viciously at Lexi's left buttock and the little bat.
"Owwww!" Squealed Lexi, while performing a pathetic little leap much to the amusement of both guards.
"Quiet stupid." Hissed O'Reilly, as a teary Lexi Leviathan instinctively rubbed her stinging bare butt cheek as she tippy-toed into the darkness.
Officer O'Reilly then proceeded to direct her through the warren of bunks towards a dimly lit toilet. The further that Lexi moved away from her clothes and boots, the more worried (and strangely horny...) she became. Stripping down and wondering idiotically around a prison dorm had to be among the stupidest things Lexi had ever done. The way the guards had treated her and laughed at her was simply intolerable! Lexi had never let anybody treat her like that in her whole life, but being so vulnerable in front of those women and letting one of them basically assault her with a towel had pretty much set the tone for their relationship.
O'Reilly unceremoniously tossed the towel at Lexi as they reached the entrance to the toilet.
"Make it quick bitch. Go pee-pee and wash that vampire-ass make-up off while you in there."
Lexi meekly skulked into the toilet and made a bee-line for the nearest cubicle. As soon as she entered the lockless shit-hole, the disgraced Diva's white socked toes made contact with the ominously greasy filth of the floor. Repulsed and dismayed, Lexi sprang to her tippy-toes once again and planted herself heavily on the stained toilet seat. In vain she tried to keep her feet elevated from the floor.
But then Lexi suddenly realised that she'd never even needed a piss in the first place. And with that thought in mind, her fingers delved tentatively into her politically incorrect thong. Her already slick sex admitted her nicotine stained digits eagerly. Sat on a dirty toilet semi-high in a Southern jail and masturbating while wearing only a boob tube, cheap panties and tacky white socks, Lexi Leviathan was blissfully ashamed to be gripped by perverse desires that she'd never admit to having.
And so it was that Lexi's orgasm came quickly and powerfully. Even in the dim light of the bathroom Lexi could see the dark wet patch that blossomed on the front of her (even more...) sheer gas station panties.
"Come on! You got the shits or something!?" Yelled the increasingly obnoxious O'Reilly from the doorway.
Lexi Leviathan hopped up and tried to avoid the greasiest patches on the floor as she manoeuvred her way out of the cubicle and approached the wash basin. The blurred picture that confronted Lexi from the reflective plastic surface that passed for a mirror was nothing short of shocking. Her pale white foundation had flaked away in places, her mascara had run, one of her false eyelashes had fallen off, her black lipstick was smeared down her chin and her usually glossy black hair was a chaotic rat's nest. Her black tusk nose piercing, cheek studs and ear plugs only served to help Lexi look more pathetic. At that precise moment how Lexi felt and how Lexi looked came into perfect accordance.
With that thought in mind, Lexi had absolutely no problem with scrubbing away her gothy make-up. She also remembered she was wearing contact lenses and thought it best to remove them before sleeping.
Lexi tentatively shuffled to the bathroom door a changed woman. A slightly darker, but acne pockmarked face was revealed by the absence of cosmetics. Her lips were significantly less pouty and thin without the lip liner and lipstick that she never appeared in public without. The absence of ordinarily ever present false lashes and dark eye make-up also served to transform Lexi Leviathan.
Officer O'Reilly gawped at Lexi as if some other prisoner had taken her place. Only the piercings, tousled Betty Page hair and skimpy attire assured the snarky prison guard that the same metal Diva stood before her.
"What's the real name you were booked in with bitch?"
Lexi paused, uncomfortable with tearing away yet another layer of her bad girl artifice. It was only the vulnerability of standing exposed in such a state of undress and before the withering glare of Officer O'Reilly that prompted her to answer.
"Libby..." The singer reticently mewled.
"Libby Leviathan, huh?"
"Libby Kelly..."
O'Reilly stepped in close, imposing herself on the stripped down prisoner.
"Well Libby Kelly, slutty lingerie like that top you're wearing is considered contraband in this jail. Hand it over...now." O'Reilly's voice dropped as she breathed her noxious cheese nacho breath into Libby's scared face while eyeballing her intensely. It was clear that the guard wanted the exchange to pass unheard in the dorm.
"B-b-b-but it's all I've got..." Lexi whined pathetically, while looking pleadingly into the younger woman's eyes.
"Hand that shit over now or I'll rip off those panties you're wearing and then go take all of your other fucking clothes." O'Reilly hissed with venom and Lexi teared up, as she promptly fought her way out of the purple boob tube.
"You sure you didn't get busted for hooking, wearing shit like this?" Chuckled O'Reilly, as she swiped the proffered top and held it up theatrically. Lexi quivered, as her big bare titties drooped without the support of the elasticated garment.
"Now get your skanky fat ass back in that toilet." Hissed O'Reilly.
She grabbed the towel and gave Lexi a shove. The disgraced Diva quickly trotted back into the dismal toilet. She then watched as O'Reilly lowered her brown baggy pants and a pair of black boxer shorts. Her hairy blonde loins were visible in the dim light.
"You need to learn a lesson little Libby. Now I'm gonna go sit on that there toilet and spread my legs. Then I want you on hands and knees slurping. Understand me?"
Lexi gulped in utter disbelief and performed an involuntary shake of the head. The small gesture of defiance was more than enough to rile up O'Reilly. Like a coiled spring her left hand whipped up and grasped Lexi's dishevelled hair. The fingers of her right hand then clamped onto Lexi's erect left nipple. The pain was shocking, as her hair was wrenched down and her purpling nipple wrenched up. A low whine escaped from between her thin lips.
"Quiet idiot! Now get down on your knees or you gonna be going back to bed missing a titty." O'Reilly hissed. Lexi's body submitted even if her mind was still racing for a way to escape eating a redneck prison guard's pussy.
"Good little ho." Whispered O'Reilly as she released the nipple, but pulled on the raven hair. Lexi followed, crawling on bare hands and knees into the shadowy cubicle. O'Reilly smiled and leaned back on the toilet seat with legs spread.
"Get lapping rock star."
To her eternal shame Lexi Leviathan did as she was told. Her pierced tongue delved slowly into the slick maw, feeling out the folds of the guard's warm flesh while fighting to supress her additional disgust at being in such close proximity to a stinking toilet bowl. Lexi was amazed to find that her treacherous right hand had delved into her own wet thong. Her face pressed in harder and her tongue worked overtime on O'Reilly's clit. Lexi felt repulsed and sickeningly turned on. What had been nervous reticence quickly morphed into eager submission.
"You might sing a good song, but you sure can't eat pussy." Announced O'Reilly. And with that she wrenched up Lexi's head and gazed at her bewildered, sex slick face.
"You ain't getting me off darlin'. I just wanted to be able to say that Lexi Leviathan ate my pussy."
Moments later Lexi was trotting back to her bunk in rejected shame. Even with her hands covering her erect nipples, Lexi felt stripped about as bare as she could possibly be. Bare faced, bare assed and with a face still baring the glistening traces of her forced nocturnal pussy licking.
Thankfully she located the bunk quickly and dived under the colourless, threadbare sheet. Lexi's mind was racing. The arrest, being sent to jail, stripping herself down, being humiliated by the guards, somehow enjoying such ill treatment (!), flicking herself off in a dirty toilet, being forced to eat pussy and then being rejected! With such thoughts bouncing around in her head and the heavy drug binge still working its dark magic, Lexi was sure that she'd never sleep...but then out of nowhere the sandman claimed her.
Lexi awoke suddenly to bright electric lights, a cacophonous chorus of yawns and the sense that something had gone very, very wrong the night before. The first thing that struck the disorientated Diva was the fact that she was suddenly experiencing the mother of all drug comedowns backed-up by an ugly hard liquor hangover. The second thing that struck Lexi was the fact that she was bare in a strange bed wearing only a thong and socks...but still sweating profusely.
Then the hammer dropped. Coke for days...the gig...the bar...the police...her arrest...jail...stripping (?!)...the guards...the toilet...
"Oh fuck",was all Lexi could come up with as every ugly detail of her disastrous binge came rushing back to her. Despite the pounding in her head, the clammy sweat enveloping her body and the mortification creeping into her soul, Lexi's absolute priority was to get her clothes and boots back on. Only then could she deal with the ugly situation at hand. While still staying under the sheet, Lexi reached beneath the bunk to get her stuff only to find...nothing. Panic gripped Lexi. She almost fell out of the uncomfortable bunk in her efforts to look underneath it. Gone. Everything was gone. Her clothes. Her boots. Everything.
What was I fucking thinking!?Lexi screamed inwardly as the reality of the situation sank in. It truly was the stuff of nightmares. Waking up wearing only a thong and socks in some horrific southern lock-up. Lexi was sure she was about to vomit. Her eyes cast around at the other grinning prisoners, many of whom were black. Dreadful thoughts of being caught by angry black convicts in her repulsively racist thong almost paralysed her.
"Get your ass up rock star! You gotta get to processing and the into the court van." Announced the big black guard form the night before. Lexi looked up in horror at the grinning guard
"Come on! I hear there are plenty of photographers want to take your picture at the court house!"
After delivering that daunting piece of information, the imposing officer ripped the clutched bedsheet from Lexi's weak grip. Laughter rang out from other prisoners as the mortified ex-Diva cowered in only a dirty Confederate flag thong and grubby white socks with absolutely nowhere to hide.
"Get fucking dressed and move!" The guard demanded aggressively.
"But, Officer, somebody's taken my clothes." Whined Lexi pathetically, as she curled up and sought to cover her bare titties from the eyes of her fellow inmates.
"Well Lexi Leviathan, it looks like you gonna be going to processed in just your slutty lil racist panties. Now move!"
When Lexi made no effort to move, the guard leaned in and brutally wrenched the rock chick out of the bunk by her matted raven locks. Lexi sobbed through gritted teeth as all assembled got a good look at the stripped down humbled celebrity.
"Now get going!" SLAP! Lexi performed a humiliating little leap and squealed as the guard's calloused hand made contact with her bare white butt.
Lexi Leviathan was then driven on a demeaning walk of shame through the busy dorm. Most jeered and laughed, but the black prisoners scowled in disgust.
"Hope they send your cracker ass back here." Spat one of the black women in her ear.
Lexi was then led through a number of corridors littered with grinning and picture snapping staff and then finally into an office/examination room. It was obvious that the exposure of her Confederate flag thong was clearly the biggest talking point. All the while she struggled to keep her hands over her bare titties. At least being without glasses or contact lenses prevented her from witnessing her own humiliation too clearly.
A bored older female official and a grinning young male guard awaited her.
"Lexi meth-head somehow lost her clothes and boots in the night, so I'm just going to get her 'the shirt' while you guys get started.
The bored official than proceeded to tell a mortified Lexi about the impending procedure while the young guy blatantly checked her bare body out. And this was with Lexi covering her erect nipples throughout. Lexi barely paid little attention to what the clerk was droning on about, but the four things that her panicked mind did fix on were that A) All of her jewellery had to be removed, B) Mugshots would be taken, C) She'd be checked for lice! And D) She'd then be taken straight to court.
Lexi willingly removed her piercings, but gently sobbed throughout. She felt so bare without them. The hollow in her septum, holes in her cheeks and floppy stretched ear lugs were mutilations that merely hinted at her former metal chick glory.
Then she was checked for lice. As a teary Lexi sat uncomfortably on a cold gurney the female official set about fingering her way through her matted locks. A series of disparaging sighs and tuts resonated from up above.
"Heavily dyed and with ratty extensions, but...free of lice." The bored official droned.
Exploitatively bare full body mugshots (said to be necessary because of her little bat ass tattoo) followed with Lexi sporting a cave-girl mane of straggly fucked-up hair due to the 'examination'. Strung out, stripped and defeated Libby Kelly made no effort to cover her exposed titties as the mugshots were taken. She looked every bit the fallen drugged-out celebrity that she felt. Thoughts of a destroyed career briefly assailed Lexi as she caught a glimpse of what she had been reduced to in a nearby grubby plastic mirror. The thought of the photos making it online made her want to cry even harder. Lexi just wanted to be back home in Portland and never, ever be in the celebrity spotlight again. After all, wasn't it Lexi's 'celebrity status' that had seen her singled out for particularly humiliating treatment?
Outfitted in just a horrible big white t-shirt bearing the bold pink legend 'Drugs Are Bad', her thong, dirty soled socks and a pair of cheap grubby pink slippers, they prepared take Lexi to court.
"Wait!" She bleated, as Lexi realised that she was about to be taken outside and to a public court in such a shameful condition.
"Can't you just give me some pants, some shorts, anything!? The media will destroy me if they see my panties." She whined desperately.
"You lost your clothes Darlin' and this ain't goodwill. Besides, the shame-shirt hangs down past your butt. It will have to do. You ain't going to a fashion show."
"But, but, but what about a shower at least?!"
"You overslept." Announced the female black guard who had returned to toss the demeaning shirt at her.
"Don't you know who I am!?" She yelled in desperation and stamped her right socked and slippered foot.
"That's enough, let's go." The guard asserted. When Lexi foolishly refused to move at the guard's behest, the sizeable woman placed a hand around the back of Lexi's thong and painfully wrenched her up in the air and towards the door. Lexi whined in humiliation as the wedgy cut deep into her sore butt, spilled out her curly brown pubes and caused her to lose her right pink slipper. The male guard roared in appreciation, while the older official shook her head in bored resignation.
"You gonna move or am I gonna have to drag you to court by your goddamn panties!?" The mockingly jovial guard of the night before was long gone.
"Okay, okay..." Lexi panted, as she was barely permitted to painfully pull the string out of her ass and poke in her flashed pussy.
There was quite some anticipation in the court room. A number of prisoners were lined up on public view awaiting their turn with the judge. At first the media throng looked right past the strung out short girl with rats nest hair in a county jail 'shame-shirt', an occasionally visible wedgied Confederate flag thong, grubby white no-show socks and county jail slippers.
Unfortunately, one sharp-eyed photographer soon pointed her out amongst the other prisoners. Shocked gasps rang out as the assembled press and a fair few fans realised that the sobbing, shambling wretch in redneck panties was Lexi Leviathan. Showing more flesh than she ever had during her whole career, Lexi blanched as the realisation spread. Worst still, it was obvious that the predominant hushed words that she heard muttered in shock around the courtroom were 'look at her panties'.