I awoke early on Labor Day and went for a run. When I returned I found Jared and Julia in the kitchen having coffee. They were nude.
"Well hello," I said. "I can see I'm a bit overdressed, but I thought the festivities didn't start until your 'Labor Day Service' starts."
"That's true," Julia responded. "We were just checking out our wardrobes for tonight."
"Yes, we wouldn't want to be overdressed," Jared said. "And it helps us get 'in the mood,' so to speak, if we walk around naked all day."
"I see zero risk of your being overdressed," I responded as I poured myself a cup of coffee and sat down. Even though I had just run four or five miles, I could feel my dick stirring beneath my running shorts as I looked at Julia's big breasts. "And based on my last few days here you two seem to be always in the mood."
Jared laughed, "Oh have we shocked you Michael? I would never have thought we could shock or embarrass you after some of the parties you and I went to in college. I think you've spent too much time staring at a computer screen."
"Probably," I laughed in response. "But no, I have not been shocked, embarrassed, or offended by my last few days here. Perhaps a bit surprised, but not in a bad way."
"Good," Julia said. "So, are you coming to our party tonight?"
"I think so, but tell me about it. What am I getting into?"
"Well," Jared responded, "it's a select group of friends, perhaps forty tonight, all of whom live in the Boise area. They come from all walks of life from grocery clerks to lawyers and doctors. There are even a couple of politicians. Some are members of our church and some are graduates of our marriage counseling program. They all know each other."
"But," Julia said picking up the explanation, "they all have one thing in common."
"They love," Jared said, jumping back in, "having sex in a large group."
"So they're swingers?" I asked.
"Most are, but some aren't," Julia responded.
"Yes," Jared continued. "Most are there to have sex with people they aren't married to, and then there's a one or two couples who want to fuck their spouses, and only their spouses, while they know others are watching, and a few just come to watch, and maybe masturbate, while they watch."
"It's a very diverse group," Julia said. "but I wouldn't call any of them prudish."
"No it sounds like they are anything but that," I said.
"So are you going to join us?" she asked. "I promise you'll have fun. You're a newbie so there will be a lot of women who will want to 'try you out'."
I laughed. My had my life changed over the last few days, but that was the reason I had left Palo Alto. I needed a change. "Sure, why not," I said.
They explained the details of where and when and provided me with the bar coded invitation needed to get in. They also explained that they would be gone all afternoon making sure the caterers that had been hired had things set up properly before they were sent away. Once the party started no one was allowed in but members of the group and a few of their guests. The caterers would come back the next day and do the cleanup.
I spent the rest of the morning and afternoon continuing to play with the new software idea I had begun developing, but like most of the last few days, my ability to focus on code was impaired by my libido. Nonetheless, I fussed with it until it was time to leave for the event.
My car's computer got me to the address Jared had given me. It was in a suburb to the west of Boise called Eagle. There was a remote controlled gate and an ID system that you had to clear before you could get on the property. It was quite clever. There was a bar code on each invitation and a reader on the gate that would open the gate only if the bar code was correct. Each bar code was unique and checked off against a master list of invitations issued when it was scanned. That prevented a single invitation from being copied and used more than once. They didn't want uninvited guests. The house was at the top of a long uphill drive with ample parking space. It was a huge house, built by someone with money to burn. Jared had told me that one of the group's members owned the place and made it available. A gentleman at the door checked me off against a list of invitees and then let me in, telling me that the group was gathering in the living room to the left.
I didn't know quite what to expect as I walked toward the living room. Was I about to walk into a room full of naked people writhing on the floor? As it turned out it was a room full of fully clothed people, approximately the same number of men and women, standing around in small groups chatting amiably, cocktail in hand. Pretty much like any other cocktail party I had ever been invited to. Finding myself in a cocktail party where I knew virtually no one, I did what I always do in that circumstance—I went looking for a bar.
The barkeep looked at me for a moment and then asked, "New member?"
"Not sure," I responded. "I'm a friend of Jared Christensen and I have been staying with him and his wife Julia for a few days."
"Oh, yes. We've heard of you. I understand you drove Julia nuts all week."
"Word does get around," I said. "Can I get a drink?"
"Sure, what'll it be?"
"Scotch straight up."
"Nervous?" he asked as he poured my drink.
"Yes," I said as I took a sip of the scotch. "I'm a bit of an introvert so large groups like this aren't my favorite thing."
"You'll do fine," he said. "Once the first woman comes up to you and starts sucking your cock, without being asked, you'll forget all about being nervous."
I laughed. "I suppose so."
"Do you work these parties regularly?" I noticed he didn't have a tip jar out.
"Working isn't quite the right word. You won't see anyone here tonight that isn't part of the club. Instead of bringing outsiders in, we take turns doing chores like this. The guy checking people in at the door is an off-duty cop, but he is also a member. He will lock the door once everyone on the list has shown up. Once the party gets going you won't see me back here anymore. Most people only want one drink. Too many impairs performance you know."
I took my drink and nursed it carefully as I wandered about the room chit-chatting with people. Everyone seemed to know I was the new guy. Some of the women were quite enthused. They were a touchy-feely lot.
After about half an hour Jared stood up on a chair at one end of the room. "Good evening everyone. So nice to see you all again. As those of you who are members of my congregation know, the key to my preaching are the simple words, 'Love thy neighbor and thyself, and have no fear, God will look after you.' Well tonight we are here to focus on 'love thy neighbor'," He paused and smiled, "Or perhaps thy neighbor's spouse. So I want to see a lot of love here tonight."
The crowd cheered in response.
After they calmed down, he continued, "First a couple of introductions. To my right, my new friends, Andrew and Sandra. Andrew and Sandra have been taking my marriage counseling class and are excited to be here with all of you, so please try to make them at home." Sandra smiled and waved, but looked more than a little nervous. Andrew looked even more intimidated, barely pulling his head up long enough to waive in response to their introduction. I hope this goes well for them, I thought.
"And somewhere tonight is my old college roommate Michael. Michael, where are you? Hold your hand up. I know I saw you mingling earlier."
I waived and then Jared said, "Ladies, I want you to know Michael taught me every sexy, nasty, deviant thing I know. Before I met him, I was an innocent virgin." He paused and then said, "And look at me now." There were cheers and hoots from the crowd. When they settled down Jared continued. "It's all thanks to Michael, so take good care of him ladies." There were women all over the room who were looking at me like a fresh piece of meat on a plate. Oh my, this was going to be quite an evening.
"Now ladies and gentleman, let me bring up a man you all know, carnally and otherwise, our good friend Mayor Bill."
Jared stepped down and the Mayor stepped up. He was the same fellow who had been acting as barkeep earlier "it's great to be with you again. I have to tell you being with this group is way better than chairing a city council meeting. There I get yelled at and booed. Here I get laid."
The crowd roared in response. He beamed. Like all politicians, he loved adulation.
"All right, all right. It's time to get this evening started." He looked to one side and interrupted himself, "Wait not yet Carol," he said, looking at a woman on the other side of the room. "It's not time to take your clothes off yet. Sometimes my sister gets a little carried away folks, but she's not the only one. Remember folks this isn't going to be a 'rip off the clothes and stick it in' group, is it? That would be crude. And we are not barbarians. We are Epicureans. And Epicureans savor and enjoy their pleasures. There is no need to rush from partner to partner to partner tonight. Just let your tastes wander and enjoy where they lead you. The evening should be about quality, not volume. So now I want each of you to turn to the man or woman nearest you and shake hands. You can introduce yourself if you like, but names don't really matter much here, do they?"
"No Carol," he said loudly to his sister. "That's not his hand. No one keeps a hand behind a zipper." The crowd roared in laughter.
I felt a light tap on the shoulder and I turned to find myself looking down at a stranger. Definitely female. Just not one I knew. Oh well, that's what this is about isn't it. We shook hands and I said, "I'm Michael."
"I know," she responded. She smiled and said "Every woman in this room knows you're Michael and we knew it before your introduction. Julia told us, . . . well let's just say she said you were definitely worth knowing, especially at an event like this."
"Oh. I see. And you are?"
"Oh like the man said. Names don't really matter here. Call me Aphrodite
if you like. It's not my name, but it will do for tonight."
She was short, maybe 5-3, with closely cropped blonde hair. Perhaps forty years old I thought. Attractive blue eyes, smallish breasts that appeared unconstrained by a bra beneath the sweater she wore, and hips, well I couldn't really see them as I looked down at her, but I noticed that her skirt hung loosely on her hips and stopped well short of her knees.
Mayor Bill spoke up again, "Now that you've been properly introduced here is what I want you to do. I want each of you to kiss your new friend. Now don't get carried away. I want this to be a chaste kiss. Keep those tongues under control. This should be like a kiss on a first date in high school, standing on the front porch, when you both know Dad is on the other side of the door with a 12 gauge shotgun. And hands . . . well you are going to have to touch each other, but remember this is a chaste kiss, and Dad's just a few feet away with that 12 gauge. No groping."
Aphrodite put her arms around my neck and pulled my head down while she stood on her toes. It was a chaste kiss. No tongue, the hands didn't grope. There was none of the conduct we both knew we wanted. But still it was the most incredibly erotic kiss. I can't say why or how but I could feel my cock coming instantly erect as she pressed her lips against mine and did whatever it was she was doing to cause me to need to gasp for air. Wow!
Mayor Bill rang a bell which was the signal to stop. Aphrodite let her arms slip from my neck and dropped from her toes back to her normal height, but I left my arms wrapped around her coming together at the small of her back and she laid her face against my chest.
"Andrew and Elaine." I heard Mayor Bill call out. "We're still in high school and Dad's still got the shotgun. Unclench."
We laughed and pushed back. "So, not Aphrodite?" I said.
She smiled. "No, it's Elaine. Bill is my cousin, and he just can't resist outing me."
Having made a token effort to restore a semblance of order (there were plenty of other couples still in clench mode), Bill launched into his next set of instructions. "Now it's time for another kiss. This one, not so chaste. You're no longer on the front porch and Dad's no longer standing guard with the shotgun. Now you're in college and you've slipped out the back door of a party for a moment of privacy. Yeah, I know, privacy is an odd concept for this group, but work with me people. So now you're in a dark alley. Add a little more juice to that kiss."
She wrapped her arms around my neck again and I looked down at her. "Well is it Elaine or Aphrodite this time?" I asked.
She looked at me and thought for a moment before she said, "Let's go with Aphrodite. After all she is the goddess of love."
"Good."
Then we kissed, and it was far from chaste. We stood in the midst of the crowd, our bodies mashed together and grinding and our tongues dancing a dance of lust. My god this woman can kiss I thought. I let my hands slide down from her back until I had cupped her nicely shaped cheeks. They were small but firm.
She pulled back from the kiss and whispered in my ear, "Under the skirt, please." Then she began kissing and nibbling at my throat, while I, never being one to quibble with a lady's instructions, dropped my hands to her thighs and then slid them up under the skirt until I was cupping her butt cheeks, discovering to my pleasure that she was naked beneath the skirt. I pulled her tight against me and rubbed my erection against her pubic bone.
"God that feels huge," she whispered.
"Want to inspect it more closely," I asked
"Umm. Yes," she purred in response.
"Shall we go someplace more private?" I asked her.
"Not for me," she responded. "I like public. That's why I come to these parties." I had let her down to feet again and she was using both hands to rub my erect cock through my trousers.
I looked to my right and saw a couple casually disrobing each other. It was being done with care, so that each revelation could be savored. He licked his lips with each button on her blouse he slowly released, and I could see him suck in air in a gasp when he released her front fastening bra and watched her tits tumble out as the bra cups fell away.
Aphrodite was busily releasing my belt and the fasteners on my pants. "I really like to do it in public. Just like my cousin Bill," she said. She nodded towards Bill and I looked to see him standing with his pants in a pool around his feet and a woman kneeling before him sucking on his cock. Soon I was in the same position as Bill, with Elaina, or Aphrodite, or whatever her name was, kneeling before me, stroking my cock with both of her small hands as she looked at it in wonder. "My but you have a beautiful cock. Julia was telling the truth," she said.
Then she inhaled my cock and my only response was a groan. My god, this woman can suck cock. Fortunately I had had so much sex in the preceding five days that I was not at risk of blowing my load in a rush, so I let her enjoy herself—well, we were both enjoying ourselves.
I leaned forward just a bit and began fondling her tits through her sweater. That got her attention and she briefly backed away from her cock sucking—just long enough to pull her sweater over her head and throw it over her shoulder. She had the most delightful tits. They rode low on her chest and were just barely a hand full, but the nipples were still mounted high on each tit and stuck out a goodly distance. Very sexy to look at and fun to play with. I cupped and massaged her breasts and then rubbed her nipples between a thumb and a forefinger. Each time I did that she gasped, but it sounded more like a "mumph" since her mouth was full of cock.
After a while she changed her position and began to use my raging hard on to stroke her nipples. It felt delicious, and it was so decadent, doing that in the middle of a room full of people. I wondered, however, if there was anyone paying any attention to us. The couple that had been disrobing were now lying naked on the carpeted floor in a 69 position, oblivious to anyone other than each other. There was, however, one couple sitting on a couch against the far wall that remained fully clothed and was carefully watching the libidinous conduct displayed before them while they stroked each others' erogenous zones through a layer of clothing. Jared had said there were a few people who just came to watch. I wandered how long those two would allow the clothing to impair their pleasure.
I noticed two other things—first the crowd was thinning out. People were drifting off in pairs or larger groups to who knows where. It was a big house. I also noticed that there were a lot of garments scattered about the room. Apparently, Aphrodite and I weren't the only ones finding our clothing restrictive.
After about five minutes of alternating between cock sucking and titty play, she looked up at me and said, "You know my knees are getting sore. I know some other things we can do. But we have to get rid of these clothes first."
"Okay."
We stood there stripping down in the middle of the large room which was now down to ten or fifteen people engaged ln various forms of carnal knowledge in groups ranging from single masturbators to groups of three or more, some of whom were a nearly undecipherable tangle of arms and legs. There were piles of carelessly discarded clothing scattered throughout the room.
Once we were naked she led me over to a couch where she stood, her knees and thighs against the back of the couch, her butt pressing against my groin and said, "Please kind sir, would you fuck me now. My pussy so wants some cock."
I held her hips as she bent over the couch. "Spread your feet a little wider. You're a long legged wench and I don't do a good job when I have to stand on my toes."
"We can't have that," she said as she spread her legs.
"Perfect," I said as I rubbed my cock forward and back between her outer pussy lips.
"Oh fuck, Andrew. Don't tease me. Stick it in. I'm so horny I need cock." The formal voice of the Aphrodite was gone. Just a woman who wanted to fuck—now.
I pushed my prick up against her pussy. It didn't want to go at first but after a little effort on her part and mine it popped in with the most satisfying sensation. Then I maintained steady pressure as it slid slowly, ever deeper, into her cunt until my balls were up against her sex.
"Oh fuck, she said. "That's so good. My fucking god you're big."
"It's what you wanted isn't it?" I said as I began stroking in and out of her.
I had had so much sex over the last few days that I didn't feel any urgency to cum. Just the way you need to be when you come to an orgy, I was thinking. We fucked with a nice steady pace, neither in a hurry, and looked out at the couples remaining in the room.
"See that guy over there. The one with the bald head."
"You mean the one fucking the redhead from behind while she is sucking off some other guy?"
"Yes. That blonde over there on the other couch—the one with your friend Julie eating her pussy. That's his wife."
"They aren't paying much attention to each other," I said.
"That's what these parties are about," she said. "Variety. We all go back to fucking our spouses afterwards for another three months until the next party. It helps prevent adultery."
"God your cock feels good," she said, loosing track of the conversation.
I laughed at the absurdity of her statement about adultery. "How can fucking someone other than your spouse prevent adultery? Itisadultery."
"Huh? . . . Oh, Yeah," she said, coming back to the conversation. "Well you know what I mean. We don't need to run around when we do this every third month. It saves a lot of work trying to hook up all the time. "
I somehow doubted if that was universally true. But whatever, I thought. This woman is a great fuck. I began to pick up the pace and pretty soon we weren't paying much attention to anything but each other, our hips making an un-mistakeable sensuous noise as they slapped against each other on every stroke.
That was about the time I realized that there was a new couple next to us copying our position. I looked to the side and realized the guy was Bill the bartender/Mayor I had met earlier. The broad ass he was fucking looked familiar, but I couldn't quite place it until she squealed after a particularly firm stroke. It was Sandra. How about that. I wondered where Andrew was?
Bill looked over at us and said "Great party isn't it."
Okay this is a first, I thought. I'm standing here fucking this guy's cousin, and he asks me if I'm enjoying the party. "Yeah," I said with a grunt as Aphrodite pushed back extra hard.
"She's a great fuck, isn't she?" he said, nodding towards Aphrodite.
"Yeah." This was an odd conversation.
"I should know," he said. "She's my wife."
"What?"
That was when Aphrodite spoke up. "Bill, what are you doing here."
"Would you believe I'm fucking a cute little blonde."
"Yes," she said. "Absolutely." She didn't sound happy.
"I thought you said you were his cousin?" I asked Aphrodite.
"She is," Bill said. "She is my mother's brother's daughter. That makes her my cousin, I think. These things are complicated. But I'm sure she is my wife." Apparently, you don't have to be a rocket scientist to be the Mayor of Boise. You just have to define incest very narrowly. But politicians are very good at narrowly defined terms. Just like Bill Clinton's claim that he never had sex with Monica.
By this time I had pretty much stopped stroking. "For god's sake, don't stop," she said. "This is an orgy after all. I was just getting close when my asshole husband showed up."
"Okay, okay," Bill said. "Come on Sandra. That's your name isn't it? Let's go somewhere else."
"She is definitely Sandra," I said.
"Oh you know her?"
"I was fucking her yesterday."
That was when Sandra looked around. "Oh hi Michael. I thought that sounded like your voice."
Then she introduced herself to Aphrodite. "Hi, I'm Sandra. Is this your husband I'm fucking?" she asked.
"Yes,"
"Is that a problem? I mean I thought it was okay here. I mean to be fucking someone else's husband. My husband is around here someplace fucking god knows who. Not a problem for me."
"That's not the problem."
"Oh. Okay."
I had resumed stroking my cock in and out of Aphrodite, but the whole conversation was distracting.
"He's really good, isn't he?" Sandra said to Aphrodite.
"Well he was until you two showed up. Something is distracting him now."
So fucking the Mayor's wife while he has a dolly I screwed yesterday bent over the couch next to me wouldn't be distracting, I thought? How could it not be?
That was when Sandra, with her new found enthusiasm for sex, popped up with, "Wanna swap?"
Bill and I groaned and Aphrodite said, "Good god no. I fuck him three days a week. The whole point of this party is to fuck someone other than your regular squeeze."
"Oh, sorry."
"Come on Sandra, let's go somewhere else. It appears we're not appreciated here."
As he left Bill leaned over and whispered in my ear, "When you think she is ready to cum slide your finger into her ass. It sends her right through the roof."
It took Aphrodite and I a few minutes to regain our rhythm. At first, we just fucked in silence, but shortly she began to whine and cry, and then she started to talk dirty, "Oh fuck Michael. I'm getting close. Oh god this is good. So good. So fucking good. Yes, yes, yes! Oh yes, so fucking good." She was panting now. Between breaths she said, "I know what he told you. . . And it's true. . . . Put your finger in my asshole. . . . Now, damnit! I'm gonna cum!"
I slid a forefinger in and began to wiggle it around. It only took a few moments before she screamed and her pussy muscles clamped down on my cock.
When she finally stopped screaming, her body converted instantly from the rigidity of her orgasm to something more like an overcooked noodle. We kind of slid over the back of the couch so we were lying tangled up together. I was still rock hard, but it was clear she needed some recovery time. Finally when she got her wind back she offered to take me on a tour. "As good as you are, I don't want to monopolize you. There are some other ladies you need to meet here."
"Aphrodite," I asked, "I don't want to ask dumb questions, but where did everyone go?" The living room we had started in was nearly empty now.
"It's a big house. They are spread all over it and more than a few are just wandering to see what they find interesting. You can learn a lot of new sex skills hanging around this group. Come on I'll give you a tour."
The first occupied room we came had a swing like device hanging from the ceiling. There was a naked woman sitting in it. She was blindfolded and handcuffed to the arms of the swing. The design of the swing insured her legs were spread as wide as though she was in a gynecologist's office. She was surrounded by a group of men who were taking turns fucking her. There were also several women who would slipping in between a couple of the men occasionally to eat her pussy. Someone was molesting her tits almost continuously. Everyone seemed to be having a good time, especially the woman in the swing. As each of the men reached climax he pulled out and sprayed his cum on her tits and belly.
The next room was one of those big media rooms that big modern houses have. There was a huge screen playing a porn video. There were two woman bent over the back of a couch each with a man standing behind her with his cock buried in her cunt as he ferociously fucked her. I noticed with interest that one of them was Andrew. He was pounding his partner, a woman I had never seen before, with gusto. Sandra was nowhere in sight. Andrew was silent , but his partner was quite vocal about her enjoyment of the fucking Andrew was giving her.
In another room several women were tangled up in a complicated daisy chain of some sort, eating pussy as they plunged dildos in and out of each other. They were oblivious to us. I thought I could see Sandra's luscious tits in the middle of the tangle of arms and legs. At least I think they were Sandra's tits. There were a lot of naked tits at this party.
We checked out a couple of additional roomfuls of debauchery before Aphroditie said, "Let's go to the kitchen. I need a drink."
There were at least ten or twelve people in the kitchen—all completely naked and most of them looking like they were recovering from their first orgasm of the evening.
Jared greeted me from across the kitchen, "Michael, you made it. You're here in the R&R area."
"R&R?"
"Yes the kitchen is where we all come when we need a break from the action."
"Oh, I see."
"So, did Elaine wear you out? She can do that."
"I think she is Aphrodite tonight, and she took her best shot at it." The fact of the matter is that since I hadn't cum with her, my prick was rapidly rising as I took in all the naked flesh around me.
A blonde haired woman spoke up as she hopped down off the kitchen counter where she had been sitting, leaning against a cabinet with her legs carelessly spread showing a recently well fucked pussy to anyone who cared to look. "He doesn't look like he is in need of R&R to me, Jared." She walked up to me and reached down and begin to caress my now almost fully erect cock. "Oh yes you do feel ready to go to me. I'm Judy by the way and I think I have recovered enough to help you out with this problem you seem to have."
Judy was about average height, maybe in her late 40's, perhaps a little plump with a lovely set of large soft tits that were causing me to rapidly forget about everyone else in the room. As she continued to stroke my cock, I cupped each of her breasts in a hand and began to massage them. The combination of her ministrations to my cock and my access to such a lovely set of boobs made me suddenly want to pick up where I had left off with Aphrodite, or Elaine, or whatever her name was.
There was a simple kitchen chair just behind me. I sat down on it and pulled Judy along with me. She stepped forward with a leg on either side of me and then let herself down on to my lap. Suddenly I found my cock penetrating an altogether different pussy than it had been in before and a lovely large soft pair of tits hanging before my face.
"Oh you have a lovely cock," she said as we reached full penetration.
"See Mom, didn't I tell you he would be great." It was Julia. She had just appeared from the other side of the room.
"Mom?" I looked at Julia. "I thought your mother's name was Shirley? I'm fucking your mom?"
"Yup. Names are a fluid concept here. Just pick one you like and use it for the evening."
I wasn't anxious to start fucking furiously. I was having too much fun with this lady's lovely tits. I massaged them, pulled on her nipples, which caused her to gasp, and then begin sucking on them. "Julia," she gasped. "You didn't tell me he was so good with titty play."
There was now a crowd of people standing around 'Judy' and I watching us fuck. Judy's feet were on the floor allowing her to slowly lever herself up and down on my cock. She squeezed it each time she rose up on it. It felt fantastic—almost enough to distract me from the titty play I was so enjoying.
I looked around at the circle of people surrounding us, three men and four women, all naked. R&R seemed to be a forgotten concept as they were all slowly masturbating as they watched us fuck. Jared, Julie, and Aphrodite were among them. Then I saw Andrew walk in the door of the kitchen accompanied by a few other naked people. He quickly joined the group of voyeurs, wanking slowly on his cock. He seemed to be fully recovered from his fucking of the lady in the sex swing. My god he has a big cock I thought. Why would Sandra need marriage therapy when she had a husband with a cock like that one?
I totally forgot Andrew at that point when Julie intervened. "Judy, you need to swap directions so we can help out." I thought I was doing just fine fucking her and playing with her tits, but what did I know about an orgy. I was a rank amateur. Judy stood up pulling herself completely off my cock which was left bobbing in the wind, so to speak. She turned herself around so her fleshy butt was pushed against my chest and then sat back down facing away from me, quickly re-impaling herself on my cock.
I grabbed her hips and begin to lever my dick in and out of her with my hips. "Oh fuck Charlie." she said. "That feels so fucking good. You are touching all the right spots."
"I'm Michael," I said, not quite able to adopt this casual name kick.
"Right, of course, you're Michael, until you're someone else. Whoever you are, you've got a great dick. That's what I care about."
Julie dropped to her knees between our legs. She pushed Judy's legs farther apart and then put her head right to our coupled crotches so she could begin licking her Mother's clit.
Meanwhile a guy I had never seen before stepped up and begin rubbing one of Judy's tits with the end of his now erect cock. A tall redheaded woman began sucking on the other nipple. I think she was the one I had seen in the living room on her knees being fucked from behind while she sucked off some guy standing before her. But maybe not. This party was beginning to blur for me.
All of this attention was quickly bringing Judy towards a climax, "Oh fuck. Fuck, fuck, fuck. Don't stop, oh for god's sake don't any of you perverts stop. Don't stop, don't stop, don't stop, you fucking perverts. Oh . . . god," and then she tipped into a screaming climax and gushed liquid all over Julie's face and my legs.
Judy fell forward off of my cock, but she was quickly replaced by another woman I hadn't met before. She was tall and flat chested and her ass was tight and narrow, but her pussy was hot and sexy. It felt like someone was trying to milk my cock. She had amazing muscle control. I was panting now and between breaths I said, "I'm Andrew and you are?"
"It doesn't matter. Just keep fucking me with that amazing cock of yours. Call me . . . fuck, I don't know, I can't think of what name I'm using tonight."
"You're Cynthia tonight," a man called out who had resuscitated Judy and was now fucking her missionary style on the floor. Judy had her legs spread as wide as they would go and her feet in the air as she howled in ecstasy.
"Oh . . .Yeah . . .thanks, Butch," the woman riding my cock said. And then as an afterthought, she said, "It is Butch tonight isn't dear?"
"No it's Charlie, but don't worry about it. Just fuck Jim there and enjoy it."
Jim? Who the hell is Jim, I thought. I'm definitely fucking his wife, and I'm not Jim. I'm sure of that.
"Yeah, sure." She groaned as I drove my prick extra deep into her. Looking back over her shoulder she said, "I guess I'm Cynthia. God you've got a great prick, Charlie."
I thought about telling her that Charlie was her husband who was on the floor pounding away at Judy, but, what the hell, it wouldn't make any difference anyhow. So I just kept pounding away at her with my cock and pinching her little nipples with my hands that were wrapped around her torso.
Julie began eating Cynthia's clit like she had Judy's and it wasn't long before I felt Cynthia stiffen and then she said something that was mostly an incomprehensible stutter of half-finished obscenities as her cunt clamped down on my cock with amazing force. Then like Judy, she collapsed forward taking Julie with her and leaving me sitting in a chair with a shining prick and sticky thighs.
That was when the mayor dropped to his knees behind Cynthia and drove his prick into her still cramping cunt. "Oh, oh. Oh fuck, not yet. I need . . . a moment. Need. . . " Then as she felt the mayor fully penetrate her, she squirmed her hips and pushed back at him. "Yeah that's it. Fuck me. Fuck me some more Michael."
"I'm not Michael. I'm Bill."
"I don't care. Just fuck me and make me cum again." Which he did.
By this time there were four couples on the hard floor of the kitchen fucking each other with ferocity. One of them was Andrew, who had found another partner to fuck. She was a red head, a different one from the one I had seen in the living room. She was sitting on top of Andrew uttering obscenity after obscenity about what a great fuck he was and how she loved his big hard dick. The noise was a cacophony. I was sitting in the chair watching as I slowly stroked my slippery dick. I'd never seen anything quite like it. Not even at Burning Man.
Someone tapped me on the shoulder and I looked up to see Kat standing there, a finger before her lips signaling silence. Then she picked up my hand and led me from the room Once we were out in the hall she threw her arms around me and kissed me, like she had kissed me in the kitchen two nights earlier. It was delicious and it went on forever. It was even better this time because we were both naked.
When we came up for air, she said, "I've been looking for you all evening."
"I've been busy."
"Yes, I can see that."
"But I haven't cum all evening. I was hoping I would find you."
I can solve that problem. She dropped to her knees and sucked my rigid cock into her mouth and down her throat. It only took her a few minutes of world class cock sucking to bring me to a climax. It was fucking unbelievable. It felt like I was pumping my whole system up and out through my cock and down her throat.
When I had finished she carefully cleaned my cock and then licked her lips as she looked up at me. "That was nice, but just a start. Let's go to my place where I have a nice comfy bed we can fuck the night away on. That floor in there looked hard."
So we did. Oh, and we had to drive back to Boise naked as neither of us had a clue where we had left our clothes. She said that was common occurrence at the Rev's parties—lost clothing. Apparently, Julie always gathers them up, has them cleaned, and gives them to charity after each party. No one ever complains.
Epilogue
I'm back in Palo Alto again, well partly. I still have a home in Boise, and Kat and I divide our time between Palo Alto and Boise. We go to the Rev's parties from time to time and we occasionally help him out with some of his juicier marriage counseling. The parties are a little like a trip down an erotic rabbit hole, especially with everyone's habit of making up names as they go along. I don't even bother to ask anymore.
Kat and I live together, but we aren't married, and we aren't necessarily exclusive. It's complicated, or maybe it's simple. I'm not sure. But I know that Julia and Jared approve. Julia says Kat is good for me, but Julia still wants to fuck me once or twice a year, so I accommodate her. Kat doesn't mind and she likes to bed the Rev a couple of times a year, and even Julia occasionally. It works out fine for all of us.
I love Idaho. It's a far better place to live than Silicone Valley, but I just couldn't resist pursuing the software development idea that I had the first week of my initial visit to Boise. Just how could any self-respecting hacker resist an app that would give normal people control of their Facebook account and what happens to the information they put up on it. Facebook claims they have all the same controls, but good luck finding them. But ours, . . . once you have the app installed, it comes up as the first screen every time you open your Facebook account and it's really simple to understand and use. We sell it for ten bucks a year, which doesn't sound like much until you extend that minimal price by the number of frustrated Facebook users out there. We call the app theZuck Zapper. We also let people buy advertising, just like any other social media platform. It gushes cash.
It turned out to be pretty simple to develop, so I funded it myself. No venture capital vampires to deal with. My only investor is Jared, who it turns out is making boatloads of money from his web church. Occasionally an investment banker comes around wanting to take us public. I let them buy Kat and I dinner at Evvia or some such upscale place, and then I say, "No, not interested. Irritating Zuckerberg is just too much fun." Yeah, there are still lawyers and accountants and all the rest, but with no partners, other than Jared, I can keep turning down Zuckerberg's ridiculous offers to buy me out.
His latest offer was creative, I have to admit. He was willing to pay me several million dollars a month to get access to the data generated by my customers viewing of our site's adds. That's the very same data our controls allow our customer to deny Zuckerberg access to from the adds they look at on his site. I told him no. I may fuck people I don't know at the Rev's parties, but I don't fuck my customers. Nobody gets that data.
I suppose one of these day Zuckerberg will dream up some legal theory to sue me on that passes the laugh test. Then he will send his goons from Wilson Sconsini after me. When that happens, I'll sell him the company and live in Boise full time.