AUTHOR'S NOTE: Reading the previous chapters is mandatory to understand the setting and characters.
SUMMARY: A teenage virgin was asked to have anal sex with his crush. But first, he needs to be comfortable living with hot girls prancing around naked and learn to enjoy regular sex. With enough practice, he became good at it. Until he eventually became known as a sex instructor on campus.
All characters are eighteen and above.
****
Chapter 5: The Rooftop
****
"Ken, can you do something for me?" Lisa asked as we walked side-by-side on the way to school.
"Hmmm?" A month ago, questions like this would send my mind racing into the proverbial bomb shelter, but I was still swimming in the bliss pool of our morning coitus.
Unlike morning sex with Denise, Lisa even allowed me to come first today, so the uncertainty which tends to arise from such questions didn't bother me at the moment.
Besides, it wasn't like I would ever say no to Lisa.
If there's one thing I learned from my panic attack, it was that I'd never again do anything that would upset Lisa or push her away. I would also do anything to become Lisa's boyfriend. I pined for the day when we would freely confess our love for each other and enjoy the deepest intimacy a real couple could experience.
Everything else was inconsequential.
I looked at her and watched her breasts jiggle with each step. Today, she wore a plain white tank top that revealed ample cleavage. What caused a bulge in my shorts was not her cleavage, though, but the fact that she was braless.
Her nipples stood proud and begged for attention. So I gave my attention to them.
With her top a little too tight, her breasts a little too big, and the fabric a little too thin, she might as well walk to school topless.
Below, Lisa wore light brown shorts that exposed the bottoms of her butt cheeks. She said her body got too hot after sex, but even without that excuse, I knew she enjoyed flaunting her body.
Walking around campus like that was not considered scandalizing. College girls often dressed more revealing, but there was something about the way Lisa behaved that made her so much sexier. She gave off an air of an innocent girl who oozed sexual appeal and didn't know how sexy she was.
At least, that was how she always seemed to me, and perhaps that was why I had never found her intimidating.
Was she wearing panties underneath? That question could keep me occupied for the rest of the day.
We still hadn't had anal sex yet, but I guessed it was only a matter of time before I would stretch her butt with my cock. Seeing her butt cheeks peeking out underneath her shorts made me wonder how her butt would feel once I was inside.
It was less than two months since I lost my virginity. I would have thought that people who had sex often wouldn't think of sex all the time, but that didn't seem to be the case with me. Instead, the more sex I had, the more I craved it.
I wondered if my sex addiction was a coping mechanism for my anxiety and depression. Was being inside a pussy my new refuge? Instead of running away when I felt uncomfortable, I was running toward sex, trading one mental condition for another.
If that was the case, Lisa's new suggestion to have sex with me every morning certainly wasn't helping.
----
Only moments after I had opened my eyes in the morning, I heard my room door click open.
Instinctively, my body jolted itself up, and my heart rate revved, sending me into an emotional frenzy.
However, my body rapidly relaxed when I saw Lisa walk into my room carrying two cups of steaming-hot coffee. I wanted to ask what she was doing in my room when I noticed the rest of her body.
She was naked.
I sat up on my bed, back against the headboard, as I watched her walk toward me.
Her hips swayed as she walked, and it seemed like she deliberately walked with her legs open, pleading for me to look at her bare pussy, inspiring a mood for sex.
But she didn't need to do that. Puberty built into me a regular horny state every morning, and sex with Denise every morning made me crave it as soon as I woke up.
I patiently waited for Lisa to sit beside me and pass me the cup. Then she watched as I took a sip... black, just the way I liked it. I turned my eyes to her.
That's when she answered my silent question about why she walked naked into my bedroom.
She wanted to have morning sex with me.
I didn't want to refuse her, but I was worried about a couple of things. I decided to address the most innocent one.
"Um, is there time for it?" I then took another sip, hoping my brain would wake up quickly so I could process what was happening.
"If we skip running, breakfast, and your morning ritual, we have at least two-and-a-half hours before we need to head out the door," she responded.
"I don't think I should skip my morning ritual."
Apart from going to the bathroom, my morning ritual started with journaling. I planned my day and wrote down everything that made me anxious. Pouring all my thoughts onto paper helped to keep my mind from spiraling too much. It was a practice I had maintained since high school. I used to do this at night before I slept, so anxious thoughts didn't keep me awake, but having steamy (and exhausting) sex with Denise turned out to be the best sleeping aid. I didn't even need my sleeping pills anymore.
After journaling, I would meditate -- deep breathing and visualization exercises Dr. Lee taught me. After that, I would do a series of stretching and body movements that helped me to ground myself in reality instead of spending time in my head.
The purpose of my morning ritual was to help me get into an optimal, functional mindset for the rest of the day. Since I started having sex with Lisa and Denise, I had been sloppy with my morning ritual. I suspected that the last anxiety attack was partly due to this sloppiness.
The routine would take me around forty-five minutes, and then I would join Tony for a run. Initially, I ran three or four times a week with him because my body couldn't physically keep up with doing it every morning. However, since my depressive episode, Tony insisted I go with him every day.
Following that episode, it had been five days since I returned to school. Now that I was back to being functional, I was determined to return to being disciplined in my morning ritual.
Apparently, Lisa had other plans.
"We can make this your new morning ritual," she announced with a salacious grin.
"Are you going to wake up early every morning with me?" I challenged.
"I'm already waking up early every morning," she retorted. Lisa would rather sleep in as much as possible when she could. Since the panic attack, however, she had been joining Tony and I for our morning runs.
"Are we not going to run with Tony today?"
"I already told him we're not going with him."
"What about --"
"Ken, I didn't wake up early in the morning to talk." She leaned back against the headboard and opened her legs, inviting me to look.
I looked at her breasts rise and fall with each breath, her smooth tummy, and the space between her legs. She got me where she wanted me.
"Lisa, I --"
"How about you go to the bathroom and do what you need to, so we can start your new morning ritual?" she announced. "Or you can skip that, but I'm not going to kiss you until you brush your teeth."
"Uh, what about Denise?"
"I don't care about Denise."
"Lisa --"
"Ken, do you want to have sex with me or not?"
"I do, but --"
"Unlike that slut, I'll let you come inside me every morning."
"Every morning?" I quizzed with a new enthusiasm.
"I'm going to start playing with myself now so you can start coming inside me as soon as you get back."
I took another sip of coffee, got out of bed, and walked to the bathroom.
----
Despite my reservations, there was no way I was going to refuse Lisa when she wanted to have sex with me.
While brushing my teeth, I wondered why Lisa was doing this. My guess was it had something to do with Denise. Again. Probably to annoy her. Again. It looked like the tension between them was going to escalate. Again.
The rivalry between Lisa and Denise felt very odd to me. I still didn't understand what they were trying to do to each other. Every time I tried to talk to them about it, they told me it didn't concern me, which made it all the more confusing. I knew they were hiding something from me, but I didn't know what it was.
Whenever I tried to talk to Tony about what was going on between the two girls, he would simply shrug and brush it off. "Just let them sort it out themselves," he said.
I supposed I could just let them sort it out themselves. I ended up benefiting from it since they continued to use sex with me as their battleground with each other.
It all started when Denise bragged to Lisa one morning about how I had come inside Denise when I was fucking her from behind. With Denise kneeling on all fours, she told me to get behind her and push my cock into her folds. Then she leaned down, putting her head on the bed, and placed both hands on her lower back. She stunned me when she told me to restrain her by grabbing her wrists and fucking her like she was my personal sex slave.
Denise was my sex mentor, so I learned not to object when she asked me to do anything in bed. I gripped and pressed her hands down against her sexy back with one hand and held her hip with the other.
"Fuck my tight cunt," she commanded.
I took a moment to admire her round, perky butt -- a delicious contrast to her slender body. Then I commenced fucking her tight cunt from behind.
"Fuck me like you own me. Harder!"
I fucked her harder. The smacking sounds of my thighs against her butt echoed in the room.
"I'm yours, Ken! Fuck me like I'm yours."
I never liked derogatory talk like that, even if it was just sexy dirty talk, but somehow, hearing how Denise was mine seemed to bring out a certain thrill in me. An animalistic lust took over, and I stopped caring about her pleasure and only thought of mine as I reveled in the sensation of my cock sliding between the walls of her pussy.
I thrust into her, in and out, as hard and fast as possible, enjoying the raw surge of power washing over me. I hardly paid attention to how many times she came.
"Urgh... press my neck... down."
I pressed her neck down against the bed. Then I felt my body shake as I climaxed inside her.
----
Lisa scowled when she heard I could come inside Denise in the doggy-style position. The next time Lisa and I had sex, Lisa told me to spank her butt. I hesitated; I couldn't do it. I couldn't hurt Lisa, even if she said she liked getting spanked.
That made Lisa angry.
The next night, Denise got me to ejaculate inside her in a different position. While lying flat on her back, she told me to get on top of her. She took my sleeping mask and blindfolded herself. Then she placed her hands above her head and told me to restrain her hands again.
"Fuck me!"
This time, I came again without any dirty talk.
After Denise again bragged to Lisa, Lisa made me choke her in missionary style during our morning sex session. Again, I couldn't -- I couldn't hurt Lisa.
Somehow, Denise knew how to make me come in ways that Lisa didn't understand, and that drove Lisa crazy.
In response, Lisa did the next best thing she could think of -- she started hijacking my nightly sex session with Denise. Yet, Denise was amused. She didn't seem to mind.
I didn't disapprove of having two girls in bed, except for the fact that they seemed at odds with each other. Yet, that didn't stop them from eating each other's pussies after I came inside them. They still kissed as they simultaneously fingered each other to orgasms, too.
Like a love-hate relationship, they were lovers and enemies, friendly and antagonistic. They wanted to fuck each other as much as they wanted to hurt each other. I decided that, as long as I could be with them and have sex with them, everything else was secondary.
----
When I returned from the bathroom, Lisa was already flat on her front. She raised her peachy butt as an invitation to get on top of her and come inside. I did twice while getting Lisa off once.
After that, Lisa suggested we spoon, and she told me to fuck her slowly from behind while I hugged her.
Denise came into my room at that point and saw that Lisa and I were already having sex. She left without saying a word.
We never made it to the kitchen. We simply stayed in bed until it was time to leave for school. We didn't see Denise again the entire morning.
I was happy to have morning sex with Lisa. Even though it was probably an attempt to punish Denise, I didn't care. Sex with Lisa in the morning was too good, especially when she let me come inside her.
----
As we walked on campus together, I didn't know how long I was staring at Lisa's sexy body. When I eventually looked at her face, she flashed me a wicked grin.
"Were you spiraling or checking me out?" she needled me.
"Um, a bit of both," I admitted. I was committed to telling Lisa everything, even if it was embarrassing for me.
"What were you thinking about?"
"W-what we did this morning." I felt my face flush from confessing my dirty thoughts.
"So you are already checking me out... less than ten minutes after we were naked in your bed, and you shot inside me? Your cum will be dripping out of me the entire day, you know? You forced me to wear panties."
That answered my question about whether she was wearing panties.
I swallowed hard, wondering what was the proper response. Lisa's face was expressionless at the moment, neither annoyed nor smirking. After more than four years of being friends with Lisa, I still couldn't figure her out.
It didn't help that my growing erection was starting to strain against my pants and that it was hard to walk properly. Lisa had a way with words.
Thankfully, she gave me a hint by flashing me a coy smile. "For the record, Ken, you can check me out anytime you want. It's encouraged."
"G-good to know," I breathed. "Do you like men to look at you?"
"That's a complex question. It all depends on the context. Most people generally like attention -- but not when it's rude, pervy, or threatening. Generally, don't do anything that makes girls feel uncomfortable."
"Like what?" I asked.
"If you see a girl walking down a street and wearing a mini skirt, what do you think is her intention?"
"Um, maybe she likes to wear mini skirts? Or maybe the weather is too hot?"
"Maybe. Or maybe she's going on a date and dressing up for her boyfriend. In this case, do you think she wants other men to check her out?"
"Um, probably not -- unless, uh, the girl wants to make her boyfriend happy by making other guys jealous of how pretty his girlfriend is."
She smiled a little. "That's a possibility, so it's about intention and context."
"But if I see a girl dressed sexily, I won't know her intention, right?"
"Yeah. Generally, if you look at her at a distance, it's harmless. If you're leering at her and it makes her uncomfortable, it's not. Taking photos without her consent is even worse, but again, it depends on the context."
"So there are some contexts when it's okay to check out girls?"
"There are -- like in a sex club. It can be very arousing when everyone stares at you like they want to fuck you."
"Sex... sex club? You've been to a sex club before?" I demanded in shock.
"Yup. Tony, Denise, and I have been to a few," Lisa replied without looking at me while we walked.
The thought of Lisa having sex with random dudes shrank my cock and brought out an uncomfortable feeling.
"Uh, you like going there?"
"Some are fun," she said, "but Denise and I prefer more exclusive parties."
"You mean sex parties?"
"Yup, but we usually call them 'play parties.'"
"What's the difference between parties and clubs?" I asked after a pause.
"It depends on the organizers, but for exclusive parties, they tend to restrict the guest lists. They also enforce rules to ensure the parties are fun, safe, and comfortable for all the guests -- especially for the girls."
"Do you go to these play parties often?"
"Not often. It depends on who's organizing and who's attending, but Tony is discussing with Ezra to host more regular parties in collaboration with La Pute."
"Oh."
I knew Tony had been planning to set up an events company as the first step to building his business empire. It was one of the reasons he wanted the four of us to attend the same college and stay in the same house, but I didn't know it involved those kinds of parties. "Are you planning to attend these parties regularly?"
Lisa paused, locked her gaze with mine for a moment, and was probably trying to decide the best way to answer that question that didn't involve freaking me out. "Tony wants us there," she said nonchalantly. "In any case, nothing's confirmed yet."
I always thought that college sex parties were a myth, but now I suspected that I would be attending such sex parties sometime in the future. Most eighteen-year-old males would be excited, I guessed, but I was content to just have sex with Lisa and Denise. I was unsure how I would feel being naked and having sex in front of others.
The thought of Lisa having sex with Tony alone was unsettling for me. Seeing her having sex with other guys? I didn't even want to think about that, so I decided to change the topic entirely.
"Uh, you were saying you wanted me to do something?"
"Oh, right. If you ever want to do anything with me, I want you to just ask me directly," Lisa said.
"Like what?"
"Like if you want to fuck, just tell me. Don't wait for me to approach you. I want you to approach me. Can you do that for me?"
"You... want to have sex now?" I asked, a little surprised since we were on the school campus at that point.
She chuckled. "Heh, I don't mind, but that's not what I'm talking about."
"Then what are you talking about?"
"Do you want to hold my hand or hug me as we walk to school every morning? Or touch my butt now? Grab my tits?"
"I'd love that," I instantly blurted out. "Uh, I meant about the holding hands part."
Lisa grinned but didn't reply.
We kept walking on in silence for a few minutes before I finally realized she was waiting for me to hold her hand. I looked down at the space between us. My right hand was only inches away from her left. I just had to move it a little to hold her hand, so I reached out and slid my hand into hers before fear took hold of me.
Her soft hand radiated warmth and spread throughout my body in ways I never knew it could. Holding hands was such a simple act, yet it contained so much pleasure for me, at least.
Lisa beamed at me. "Took you long enough."
She looked so pretty as she smiled at me. Her strawberry-blonde hair glinted in the sunlight. Her lips looked so kissable. I never wanted to kiss her more than at that moment.
Then I remembered her words, so I leaned in to kiss her. As we both stopped walking, she tilted her head toward me and opened her mouth to allow my tongue in.
"Mmmmh... I like that," Lisa moaned as we broke apart.
We continued our walk in silence as we held hands. I wanted to kiss her again -- maybe even drag her back home and get naked in bed -- but for now, I was content to simply hold her hand.
A thought crept into my mind. I had sex with Lisa in the morning. I was holding her hand, and I had kissed her, but I still wasn't sure how I wasn't her boyfriend.
"What're your plans for today?"
"Catching up on work," I replied.
"Ken, you're always ahead of schoolwork. Even if you skip school for one month, you're still ahead of everyone else."
It was an exaggeration, but she did have a point. I was already caught up on the lessons I missed. I thought Lisa was hinting at something, so I tried to apply what she said.
"Maybe we can cuddle and study together," I suggested.
"Oh, Ken, I really want to, but I'm going out with Tony after school," she answered with an apologetic frown.
"Oh, yeah, date night," I considered. I had forgotten that today was Wednesday.
"You know I'm not rejecting you, right? If it's any other day, I would have said yes," Lisa pled while taking my hand.
I guessed this was a perfect example of what it meant not to be Lisa's boyfriend. Tony's the priority. Tony had privileges, and I didn't. I was a second-class citizen.
"Yeah, it's fine." I tried to play it cool.
"Are you going on a date with Denise?" she countered.
"We haven't talked about that." I had not gone out on dates with Denise since my depressive episode.
"I think you should be with Denise today."
"Why's that?"
"I don't want you to be alone."
"Oh, I'm fine."
"Denise misses you."
"Huh? I see her all the time," I replied, "and, uh, she comes to my room every night."
"I meant besides sex. She misses spending time alone with you."
"She does?"
"Of course she does. When you locked yourself in your room, she came to check on you several times a day."
"I thought you didn't want her to see me then."
"Yeah... I shouldn't have done that. She cares about you."
"Why didn't you allow her to see me?" I examined.
"I was worried about you. I was also angry then. I shouldn't have pushed her away."
"So you're not angry now?"
"I'm still disappointed with her, but that's between us. I want you to be with her today."
I was confused. First, Lisa wanted to deny Denise access to me. Now, Lisa wanted me to be with Denise. I wondered what was going on inside Lisa's head. She seemed to be torn between wanting me all for herself and wanting me to be with Denise -- two polar opposite conditions.
I wished she would make up her mind.
----
I had been sitting on a couch in the living room and texting Lisa for the past hour. The entire day in school was spent holding Lisa's hand whenever I could, and that was exhilarating. I felt like Santa had granted me my greatest wish on Christmas. That might seem ridiculous, considering that I had been having sex every day with two pretty girls, but this was the first time I actually held a girl's hand like that. Just an innocent act of holding hands previously felt taboo to me, but I realized so much pleasure just from gripping her hand in mine.
I wondered how I was even afraid of physical contact in the first place. I didn't even mentally flinch when I thought of reaching behind Lisa's back and hugging her waist as we sat in lecture. However, I refrained from doing that. Holding hands already felt too good to me. Maybe I was starting to get cured of my weirdness.
After we returned to the house, Lisa rushed to her room to change into a beautiful dress. Then she left the house, but not before walking up to me and hugging me.
She lingered a little after she pulled back and looked at me. I kissed her again.
As soon as she left the house, she texted me a heart-shaped emoji. I smiled as I saw the text and replied with the same emoji. Texting Lisa when she was with Tony made me forget she was still not my girlfriend. I was in a perfect mood.
----
"I want to fuck."
"Now?" I asked as I looked up from my phone and admired Denise's body in a green strapless dress. It was a simple, patternless piece of rectangle cloth, like a towel that contoured around her body. It was the opposite of modest, emphasizing her curves, legs, and a lot of cleavage from her D-cup tits.
It was a dress meant to titillate, arouse and provoke a reaction, and my arousal was definitely provoked. When she turned around and lifted her dress above her hips, the tight dress made her butt cheeks jiggle as soon as they broke free.
"Take off your clothes," Denise commanded.
I was still in a shirt and pants after coming back from school, so I stripped quickly. As part of our pre-sex routine, I also took a towel from underneath the coffee table and placed it on the couch.
After we started having sex in the living room often, I suggested we use a towel on the couch or any of the furniture. It was troublesome to clean off sex stains on the couch. Lisa and Denise stocked up towels, wet wipes, lubricants, and condoms underneath the coffee table since that was next to where they liked having sex. They didn't like to use condoms, but it was always good to be prepared.
Denise sat on the towel on my right side, still in her dress. She took my right hand and placed it around her lower back, on her right hip. Then she held my left hand and made me cup her breast.
She was braless.
She placed her hands on my neck and pulled me in for a kiss, and I felt her tongue push into my mouth as soon as our lips touched. We sucked, nibbled, and licked each other's lips. I felt her hand on my neck travel downward, over my chest, and tease my nipple, and I shivered at her touch.
Caressing each other's bodies, we made out passionately, and when her hand gripped my erection, it was a slight surprise that made my hips jerk a little.
I broke the kiss and licked three of my fingers to get them wet. Denise grinned a little when she saw that. I reached between her legs and gently cupped her sex, realizing that her pussy was already a little wet. Then I began rubbing her outer lips in a circular motion. At that, she pulled me back to kiss again. She tilted her head toward the ceiling as I kissed her neck, moaning in her throat.
"I want you, Ken."
She got on top of me and straddled my hips, her knees outside my thighs. Holding my cock in place, she pushed my mushroom head between her folds.
An hour ago, I was holding hands with the love of my life. Now, I was moaning as I bottomed out inside another girl's pussy. Perhaps I was starting to get the whole non-monogamy thing. When you could love and have sex with as many girls as you wanted, especially when your partner encouraged it, there was no reason to limit yourself to one.
I fleetingly wondered if an eighteen-year-old could die from having too much sex in a day. I already had sex with Lisa in the morning, and now I was plunging full-on into it again. That thought vanished, though, when Denise started to grind her crotch against mine.
I gripped her butt cheeks and controlled the pressure while she controlled the rhythm, just like she had taught me. I made a conscious note to grind my pubic area against Denise's clit as I matched her rhythm -- another thing she had taught me. These days, all the sex techniques were becoming second nature to me.
Feeling my cock moving in and out of her while she was still in her dress was a new experience. The almost-taboo nature of it brought on even more erotic thrills.
Only later would I catch on to just how much I loved plunging into Denise while she was wearing a dress.
----
"Ken, I want you to start acting like my boyfriend," Denise announced after she had recovered from her second orgasm. She was still on top of me with my erection inside her, and I hadn't ejaculated yet. It was still pleasurable enough for me, even without having an orgasm. Besides, I had come inside Lisa earlier.
"Boyfriend?" I asked, trying not to react emotionally and hoping my anxiety didn't start rising with this new development.
"Yes, boyfriend," she simply said.
"Um, why?"
"Before I answer that, are you open to the idea of acting like my boyfriend?"
I wondered if this was a new battle strategy in her war with Lisa or a way to get back at Lisa for stealing me this morning.
"Uh, I thought you don't do boyfriends," I contended.
"I don't. You're just acting like my boyfriend, my fake boyfriend."
The conversation was starting to get weirder.
"What's the difference between your fake boyfriend and your real boyfriend?"
"Difference is you're not my actual boyfriend. You're just acting like one."
"I still don't know what the difference is," I said truthfully.
"Just pretend you're my boyfriend without actually being one."
"Can you tell me what it means, specifically?"
"I can, but first, are you open to it?" She stared into my eyes, and I tried not to look away.
"Uh, Denise, I'm not sure if Lisa will be comfortable with this. I don't want to start lying to her again," I told her.
"You're not. Just tell her you're acting. Fake boyfriend. Not real."
Why did life have to be so complicated? Why couldn't I just enjoy my relationship and have sex with Denise and Lisa? I just wanted sex every day with two sexy girls without additional complications. Was that too much to ask?
"What if she doesn't allow that?" I replied.
"Are you going to allow her to dictate your life now?"
I sighed mentally and frowned. Yes, this was about Lisa again.
"I don't want to do anything that would push her away again," I declared.
"Let's examine the facts. She said she won't leave you no matter what. She won't stop having sex with you. Nothing you do will change that, so what's the problem?"
"I don't want to make Lisa angry."
"Would you want to be my boyfriend if Lisa was not in the picture?"
"What's the difference between what we're doing now and being your boyfriend?"
"You're stalling again, Ken, answering my question with a question."
"Uh..."
"But to answer your question, be honest with yourself. I'm nothing more than a fuck buddy with you, which means I'm nothing more than a pussy you can fuck."
"That's not true," I retorted.
"Isn't it? Do you think of me at all besides sex?"
"I thought you just wanted to have sex with me and nothing else," I recounted, a little nervously given my confusion.
"So you admit that we're just fuck buddies?"
"Uh, you haven't answered my question."
She smirked. "Yes, I initially just wanted to have sex with you, but now I want something more," she proclaimed. "Now, answer my question."
"What's the question again?"
"Are we just nothing more than just fuck buddies?"
"I care about you, Denise."
"Ken, answer my question."
I hadn't really thought much of my relationship with Denise. Most of the time, I was just going along with whatever she wanted. She and I had been friends since high school, but now we were friends who had sex -- friends with benefits, also known as fuck buddies.
"Yes, we're fuck buddies," I admitted, "but that's what you wanted, right?"
She ignored my question. "Now, if Lisa is not in the picture, would you consider being my boyfriend?"
"I would," I said without considering the question.
"Why?"
"Why what?" I acknowledged.
"Why would you want to be my boyfriend?" was her new challenge.
"Um, you're gorgeous."
"So you just like me for my looks? A hot body to fuck whenever you want?"
"No," I said quickly, trying my best to reassure her. "You're also very smart, and uh, very knowledgable in, uh, sex and dressing and dating."
"So I'm just a teacher to you?"
"Um, you're also very cute and sweet and affectionate," I stated and then added, "when you want to be."
"What else do you like about me?" she pushed.
"You're also very fun to be around with, uh, when you're not being too aggressive. I like spending time with you."
As I said these words, I realized how much I meant that. After we started our arrangement, I discovered that Denise was the kind of girl any guy would be lucky to date.
If Lisa weren't in the picture, I would definitely want to have Denise as my girlfriend.
"Do you think it's fair to say that I've kept to the end of our agreement so far?"
"Yes."
"And sometimes even beyond that?"
"Yes."
"Playing the part of your girlfriend, even though I wasn't required to do that, as part of our agreement?"
"Yes."
"So now I'm asking, Ken, I want you to start acting like my boyfriend."
"Um... what do you want me to do, specifically?"
"Do you need a manual on how to be my boyfriend?" she huffed.
"Uh..." For the most part, I thought I was already behaving like Lisa's and Denise's boyfriends. We had sex, we kissed, and we showed affection with each other.
"Lisa had mentioned about prioritizing her boyfriend's needs over others," I stated. "Is that part of what it means to be your boyfriend?"
"Yes, Ken. Prioritize me and my needs. Shower me with love and affection. Do nice things for me. Be with me more than just for sex."
Now it sounded exactly like what a real boyfriend does, instead of a fake one.
"I still don't know exactly what all these mean. Like, what do I do, exactly, every day that's different from what I was already doing? Should I, like, buy gifts for you? Ask you how your day was? Or let everyone know I'm your boyfriend?"
Denise let out a long exhalation that sounded like a sigh. Thankfully, she didn't roll her eyes. Maybe a perk of being her boyfriend was her having more patience with me.
"You don't have to worry about that yet," she replied. "I'll teach you everything you need to know about being my boyfriend. You just need to be willing."
"And I can share all these with Lisa?"
"You can. In fact, you can tell her I'm teaching you how to be a boyfriend. She would like that. You can also think of it as I'm teaching you how to be the perfect boyfriend for Lisa when she finally allows you to be her boyfriend. Would you like that... to be Lisa's perfect boyfriend? You'll make her very happy."
"Now you're just playing dirty," I protested.
"Playing dirty?" she asked, a little too innocently. She was using my favorite conversation technique against me.
"You know I won't refuse when you say I could make Lisa happy."
She smirked. "So, is that a yes?"
I could already imagine Lisa getting angry once I told her I had agreed to be Denise's boyfriend, even if it was a fake one. Yet I also realized how well Denise had been treating me. I wanted to say yes to her.
"Uh, you haven't told me why you want me to be your boyfriend."
"I want to know what it's like to have a boyfriend," she expressed plainly.
"That's it?"
"You know about my parents?"
"A little," I replied.
"My father got caught fucking the intern paralegal. It was a fucking cliche. My mother raised hell after finding out, but eventually, we also discovered she had been cheating on him.
"The worst thing was they both decided to stay together, even though they didn't love each other anymore. I'd be more comfortable with the whole situation if they just admitted they're swingers or polyamorous or have an open relationship where they could fuck other people, but no, they wanted to maintain the illusion of a happy couple.
"But they're not a fucking happy couple. My brother and I suffered because of that. I decided I didn't want to be in a relationship and deal with those dramas. Tony and Lisa were perfect for me because they had no expectations. Tony preaches no drama in a relationship. That was exactly what I needed."
I wanted to ask about her drama with Lisa and whether it impacted their relationship status. I also wanted to tell her that our relationships have been full of drama recently, but I decided it wasn't the right time.
"So what changed?" I inquired.
"I saw how protective Lisa was over you during your... incident. I began to wonder what it's like to have a boyfriend who takes care of me like that."
"But Lisa is not my girlfriend."
"That's what she said, but we both know she's already behaving exactly like your girlfriend. "
I wondered if Denise knew I was holding Lisa's hand in school. Maybe Lisa told Denise about it just to annoy her, or maybe Denise saw me kissing Lisa earlier.
"But Tony and Lisa also care a lot about you," I countered. "If something similar were to happen to you, I'm sure they would treat you the same. I would as well."
"I know that, but like I said, I want to know what it's like to have a boyfriend of my own."
"You know Lisa wants me to find another girlfriend, right? I won't be 'your own.'"
"I know that. That's why I say it's just acting."
It was still confusing as hell. "Why me? You can have a pick of any boy you want to be your boyfriend."
"Let's put it this way. I have known you since high school. I know who you are as a person. We live in the same house. You, me, Tony, and Lisa have a special relationship. You've also been doing everything I've asked, so I know you're willing to learn. With you, I can turn you into my perfect boyfriend without any unknown variables."
"So you're going to turn me into your perfect boyfriend?"
"I've already been doing that," she declared.
"I'm still not sure if Lisa is comfortable with this."
"So if Lisa and Tony are comfortable with it, you will say yes, right?"
She trapped me in just one question. "Nothing else will change except I'll be acting as your boyfriend?" I asked.
"I have some requirements as your fake girlfriend, but it will be with your agreement."
"Like what?"
"For instance, I want you to spend every Wednesday with me."
"Oh," I responded, contemplating that.
"In return, you can also negotiate for certain things from me as your fake girlfriend."
"Like what?" I asked again.
"Like, I can sleep in your bed after we fuck at night. I know you like that."
Funny how I went from fearing physical contact to enjoying cuddling with Lisa and Denise after I started having sex with them. Denise didn't like that, though. She wasn't the cuddling type.
"I thought you didn't."
"I usually don't. I never liked cuddling after sex. I also only feel comfortable and safe sleeping in my own bed, but I'm comfortable sleeping with you at night. Do you want to cuddle with me like this after sex every night?"
"So you will spend every night in my bed?"
"Maybe not every night, but I'm open to exploring sleeping several nights a week in your bed, especially after we fuck," Denise replied.
"Can you give me a list of things you require from me first?"
"You're stalling again, Ken."
"I just want to make sure I'm comfortable with them and also that Lisa is comfortable with them."
"As my fake boyfriend, you can negotiate things you're uncomfortable with, and besides, when have I ever forced you to do anything you really didn't want to do? Maybe reluctant, at first, but I never insist on anything you hated after trying it."
"I might be able to think of a few," I said.
She chuckled. "Like what?"
"Like wearing boxers in the house."
She laughed. "I wanted you to be naked, but you didn't. Wearing boxers was a big compromise for me, you know."
"You still have been trying to get me to walk around naked in the house."
"Well, now, with this new agreement, you have more veto rights."
"Can I think about it first?"
"You can, as long as you give me a date when I can expect an answer."
I was expecting her to say no and come up with another reason for me to say yes immediately.
"That's... surprising."
"That's the perks of having me as your girlfriend." She winked.
"I need to talk to Lisa first."
"So give me an answer tomorrow night after you talk to Lisa?"
"That's a bit short."
"Then how long would you need?" Denise asked.
"I don't know."
"How about this? I have never liked anal sex, but I want to try doing it with you. I'm willing to try at least ten times before I would rule anal sex out forever. You can start fucking my ass as soon as you say yes."
She knew her ass was my weakness. "You're playing dirty again."
She giggled. "The sooner you say yes, the sooner you can start fucking my ass."
"What if you don't like it?"
"You can at least fuck my ass ten times first."
"I don't want to do anything you're uncomfortable with."
"Then perhaps you can convince me to like it by the tenth time."
"Uh..." I was trying to organize all these considerations.
"My ass is even tighter than my pussy. Can you imagine how nice your cock would feel?"
"Let me talk to Lisa first, okay?"
"Sure, but in the meantime, I want you to do something for me."
"Um, sure."
"Come with me," she told me while holding out her hand.
----
Denise led me by hand to the rooftop.
She didn't allow me to put my boxers back on, so I walked with a prominent hardon up the stairs. It was a good thing Tony and Lisa weren't at home.
As we walked around the hot tub and toward the ledge, I remembered the first time I saw Denise's naked tits in the pool. That seemed like a lifetime ago. Everything that happened after that was because I decided to join them in the chicken fight. I wondered if Denise brought me up here to remind me of that.
Denise guided me near the ledge, let go of my hands, and turned her body away. She placed both hands on the ledge and leaned forward, pushing her butt back toward me. She had pulled her dress down, below her butt, before we left the living room. With her dress so short and with her leaning forward now, I could see her pussy lips.
She looked back at me over her shoulder with a look of determination and demanded, "I want you to fuck me like this until you come."
There were so many things wrong with this request. I was intensely aware that I was naked on the rooftop on a bright afternoon. I couldn't recall standing naked with an erection in broad daylight like this on the roof before.
I glanced past Denise to look at the neighbors' houses. The left house beside ours was also three stories high, though they had a slanted and tiled roof instead of a flat rooftop.
Thankfully, their curtains were drawn at the moment.
The house on our right, at the farthest end of the pool from us, was only two stories. If we wanted more privacy, we could have gone to the right side of the roof instead. Denise must have planned this.
"Uh, won't the neighbors complain?" I nervously challenged.
"I've met them. They won't."
Denise was the only one who had met the neighbors within the first week of school. As far as I knew, five girls lived there, and I hadn't met any of them yet.
"Why here?"
"Because that's what I want."
"I'm really not comfortable with this," I told Denise.
"When you become my boyfriend, you can renegotiate all these, but for now, I want you to fuck me until you come."
"What if I can't?"
"Then you will keep going until you can," she replied, matter-of-factly.
"Denise..."
She lifted her dress above her hips again, and I watched her butt cheeks jiggle, freed from the tight-fitting dress. She was playing dirty... again.
"I really want you to fuck me like this. It's a deep fantasy of mine. Please?" Her voice softened at the word 'please.'
That made me soften my reluctance as well. I was also now tempted to fuck Denise in her green mini-dress. Looking at her pussy lips between her legs was too enticing. I wanted to feel my cock spurting inside her pussy.
I wondered what the 'me' on the night of the chicken fight would say if he knew the current 'me' was going to have sex on the roof during the day. He would probably think that the current 'me' had been impersonated by an alien... or perhaps mind-controlled by Denise. She seemed to have a strange power over me when it came to sex. I couldn't refuse her even if I wanted to.
I glanced again at the adjoining house, and the curtains were still closed. Hopefully, they weren't at home.
"Are you sure the neighbors won't mind?"
"Pretty sure," she replied. Then, as if reading my thoughts, she added, "Besides, they're probably not home."
I took a step forward and stood behind her. I gripped my cock and pushed the head slowly between her labia. I hoped I wouldn't have a panic attack now.
I almost regretted the moment my thighs smacked against hers as I bottomed out inside her. Denise moaned so loudly that I feared the whole neighborhood would know what we were doing. Almost. My arousal instantly took over, and I started to slide my cock in and out of her.
Denise screamed louder as I thrust. I felt more ashamed with each scream, but that shame only made me thrust and rock faster. Maybe, like Denise, I was a closet exhibitionist, or perhaps it was the naughtiness of it that was so thrilling. I contemplated that with each thrust as I felt her tight vagina hungrily swallow my penis.
It was so fucking unbelievable. I was having sex with Denise on the rooftop, in broad daylight, with her still in her dress.
I was expecting my anxiety and fear to take over at any moment. So I looked down, instead of at the neighbors' buildings, watching my cock appear and disappear inside her entrance. My favorite sight.
----
I reveled in Denise's pussy clenching tightly around my cock as I brought her to her third orgasm on the roof. I was starting to honestly believe this was one of Denise's fantasies.
Denise always came quickly but seemed to have come even faster on the roof. I didn't know how long we fucked on the rooftop, but after her second orgasm, I didn't care anymore. I was getting desperate to come.
When I still couldn't come, she put both hands behind her back. Then, like before, she told me to restrain her wrists with one hand and grip her hair with the other. Then she started her dirty talk again, telling me to use her like she was my personal slut. I was so absorbed in it that I hardly even noticed her announcing it to the whole world.
After a couple more thrusts, I felt the dam break, and the flood poured out of me. My body partly collapsed over her and Denise lying over the ledge, we both were still and panting.
---
Denise asked me whether I liked it whenever we tried something new during sex. For some reason, though, she didn't talk about the whole sex-on-the-roof thing at all.
After I had finally ejaculated inside her, we got into the hot tub and spent an hour cuddling in silence. It was as though we shouldn't talk about what we had done -- like two people having committed adultery and torn between guilt and how much they enjoyed the act.
Although I was grateful for it, I considered how out-of-character I had behaved once my arousal came down. I was surprised by my willingness to have sex on the rooftop. It wasn't even about my condition anymore; I was pretty sure most people wouldn't have sex so openly like that. I didn't think I was an exhibitionist like Denise, so I wondered if Denise had manipulated me from the beginning with the whole 'be my fake boyfriend' conversation.
Yet I didn't regret it at all. For reasons I couldn't comprehend, it was one of the best sex experiences of my life.
----
The following day, Denise surprised me again by not mentioning what we had done to Lisa. I thought Denise would gloat about it, but instead, she behaved as though we should keep it a secret.
After that 'fake boyfriend' talk with Denise, I started to realize how much I really liked her. I wondered if I was also falling in love with her. I could even imagine myself being Denise's real boyfriend. I would love that.
Thus, I became a little eager when I broached the subject with Lisa as we walked to school. I was afraid Lisa would say no, though, and I didn't want Lisa to say no. After I told Lisa what Denise had said about me being her fake boyfriend, she remained silent for a long time and considered it.
Finally, she said, "Okay."
A little surprised, I blurted out, "You're fine with that?"
"For now," she replied, "but you must promise me one thing."
"What's that?" I responded quickly.
"I want you to have anal sex with me first... before you do it with her," she insisted a little too firmly. "Promise me that."
I didn't know why Lisa had emphasized that. Objectively speaking, wouldn't it be better if I was more experienced first? I didn't object, though. It was a non-issue for me and likely a non-issue for Denise.
"Um, sure," I agreed.
---
Later, Denise and I were sitting in the kitchen, me in boxers and her in a white, lacy g-string. I recounted the conversation with Lisa, and Denise said she didn't mind that at all.
Out of curiosity, I casually asked Denise why Lisa would insist on that 'anal sex with me first' requirement. Denise said Lisa had issues but didn't want to elaborate on them.
"Um, so are we going to start now... the fake boyfriend arrangement?"
"For now, just start thinking of me like your girlfriend," Denise stated.
"Uh, sure, but what else should I do?" I asked.
"You can bring me up to the roof," Denise told me.
"N-now?" I uttered, stunned.
"First, you can tell me whether I should wear a dress," she replied.
I swallowed hard. Having sex with Denise in a tight dress was becoming my favorite thing.
"Um, whatever you prefer," I responded.
"I'd prefer my boyfriend to tell me whether he wants to fuck me in a dress."
I gulped again. I guessed now that I had boyfriend privilege, albeit a fake one, I should allow myself to enjoy certain things, right?
"I think your boyfriend would love that."
----
I was sitting on the couch in the living room when I saw Ezra walking out of Tony's room.
"Ken, can I talk to you?" Ezra said as we held eye contact.
"Um, sure," I replied somewhat cautiously. I would have preferred to enjoy my morning coffee alone since Sunday morning was usually the only time I could have the house all to myself and enjoy a little quiet before my housemates woke up around noon. I was surprised to see Lisa's elder sister in the house today. Sunday was the day we four housemates would have brunch together.
Ezra sat on the end of the couch furthest away from me. She leaned back and relaxed her body into the soft cushion, avoiding looking directly at me. I took that as an attempt to help me be comfortable with her presence first. She treated me like a cat -- always approaching me slowly, gently, and with caution.
She didn't need to do that, however. I was more curious about what was on her mind. I guessed it had something to do with anal sex with her sister.
I took the time to admire her long, slim legs and the swell of her breasts. She was wearing a loose red dress. It wasn't provocative by any means, but it hugged her body as she sat, emphasizing her enormous rack.
In terms of physical appearance, Ezra looked more like Denise than Lisa. If I didn't know them better, I would have guessed Denise and Ezra were the real sisters.
In fact, the three Kelton sisters looked very different from each other.
Like Denise, Ezra had a slim body with big breasts. Whereas Elsa, the youngest sister, had a big booty, relative to her petite frame, with modest breasts. The only thing the three sisters had in common was their green eyes, which they took after their mother. Even the colors of their eyes were different shades -- Lisa's were sparkling green, Ezra's were blue-green, and Elsa's were hazel-green.
I always wondered if the Kelton sisters each had different fathers. The Keltons were the most interesting family in high school. For one, they had their mother's maiden name. Second, Mrs. Kelton had three husbands. Strictly speaking, she was not triple married since polyandry (having multiple husbands) was not legally recognized. Yet that didn't stop her from living with three men as her husbands.
I wondered how three men were willing to share a woman like that. I also suspected that having three fathers was why the Kelton sisters were so comfortable with non-monogamy.
If I were Lisa, I would have been anxious to discover who was my biological father. To my knowledge, Mrs. Kelton made it a point not to find out who were the real biological fathers of each of her daughters. The sisters also didn't seem to care.
It was only after I looked Ezra in the eye again before she started speaking. "Are you comfortable if we start with anal sex today?"
"With you?" I asked.
"With my sister."
"Oh." I paused. "But you'll be there, right?"
Ezra was the most adventurous of the three sisters. Not just sexually speaking, but that was the most obvious way. Unconventional sexual practices and relationship arrangements were always her interest. Even in high school, she experienced a wide variety of relationship structures. First, a boyfriend, then a girlfriend, then two girlfriends, then two boyfriends, then as a third with a couple. Last I heard, she had three girlfriends.
"I will be there," Ezra replied. "Are you comfortable with that?"
"Um, sure." I wasn't certain how I felt about Ezra being present. Lisa had mentioned Ezra would be helping her at the start, but it was only now that it had dawned on me what that actually meant.
"I don't want you to freeze up, Ken. Anal sex can be uncomfortable and terrifying for the first time, so it's important for you to be fully comfortable and relaxed around me."
"I'll try not to freeze up."
"I have a suggestion on how to avoid you freezing up."
"How?"
"We can try having sex together first."
"Uh, is that necessary?" I was more curious about her reasoning rather than opposed to the idea. The Kelton sisters were all physically attractive. I didn't mind having sex with Ezra.
Apart from Lisa, I was most comfortable with Ezra, at least intellectually speaking. Ezra had always been interested in psychology since she was young. I wasn't surprised to hear she wanted to be a sex psychologist, a sexologist as she put it.
In high school, she would frequently talk to me about my condition. Lisa and Ezra were gentle and patient with me, but Ezra was more capable and tolerant when I was being 'difficult.'
"Lisa thought it would be a good idea," Ezra stated. "I do, too."
"Then, after that, I would, uh, have anal sex with Lisa?"
"Once you're comfortable having sex with me, we will start by having a foursome to get everyone relaxed and satisfied. Then, if you're still comfortable, you can start anal sex with Lisa."
"Foursome?" That had my anxiety stirring.
"The three of us, plus Denise."
"With Denise?"
"Denise wants to watch. Denise is also helping Lisa to clean her butt before anal sex."
"Clean her butt?"
"Are you asking about the purpose of cleaning her butt or how she's going to clean her butt?"
"Uh, actually, never mind that," I countered. "You don't have to answer the question."
Ezra smiled a little. "If you're going to help Lisa and Denise with anal sex, then you should at least know more about it first."
"I'm afraid I might freak out when you get into the specifics."
"Yes. That's why I didn't want to bombard you with the specifics, at least until you're more comfortable with it first."
I nodded. "So are we going to, uh, have sex now?"
"I'm surprised you're not reluctant to have sex with me at all."
"All this is to help Lisa, right?
"It is," she replied. "Are you no longer afraid of physical intimacy?"
"At least not with Lisa and Denise."
"You don't feel anxious at the thought of having sex with me at all?"
"Um..." I stammered.
At that moment, I fully understood the phrase 'don't jinx it.' Ezra's question suddenly made me feel a little fear of being intimate with her. It was an uncomfortable feeling in the gut that kept growing.
"Are you starting to feel a little anxious now?" Ezra gently checked.
Shit. The anxiety was rising. "Um, sorry, I..."
I took a deep breath and tried to calm down. If all these were to help Lisa, I didn't want to blow it.
"Don't be sorry. Take your time," Ezra soothed.
"This sucks," I admitted while waiting for the anxiety to pass.
"Here's the thing about fear. It's okay to be afraid," Ezra said. "The trick is not to fight it."
"Is that how you got over your fear of heights?" I asked.
Another thing the Keltons had in common was their fear of heights. They called it the Kelton's Curse. In high school, Ezra decided she didn't want to live with the curse anymore, so she designed a series of 'practices' to help herself overcome it. Those practices eventually gave Lisa the idea to help me overcome my fear of intimacy.
Ezra would participate in the most fear-inducing, adrenaline-pumping activities. These included rock climbing, bungee jumping, skydiving, riding roller coasters, and standing on the tallest building in school and looking down. All were designed to have her face her fears.
"Physiologically, I have never gotten over it," Ezra said. "My heart still races. My hands and feet start sweating. I feel tingling in my feet, my neck, and my spine, but I've learned to stop fighting it. I've learned to overcome it."
"How?" I asked.
"Exposure therapy is great at the start, but over time, it's about letting your mind know that nothing bad will happen. My body is still afraid of heights, but once I get into it, my fear is replaced by excitement."
"So you're saying I should keep having more sex?"
She smiled a little. "That's a good start. That's what I recommended for Lisa to do with you, and I can see it's been working for you. Your fear is replaced by arousal and sexual excitement."
"Is that why she keeps asking me to have sex with more girls?"
"That's one of the reasons."
"What are the other reasons?"
"Never mind that for now," she resisted. "I have a suggestion on how we can proceed if you're open to trying."
"Um, sure."
"I'm going to straddle you. I want you to penetrate me, even if it's uncomfortable for you. Don't fight it. Just go along with it first."
I gulped. "Okay."
She stood up and reached underneath her dress to take off her panties. I could tell she was doing this for my benefit, replacing my fear with arousal. My cock started to rise in anticipation as I watched her panties drop out from under her dress and onto the floor. A red thong, the same color as her dress. Sexy.
"Normally, I would recommend that you close your eyes, but I think it would be useful to see what happens when you watch me."
I nodded.
She knelt on the floor in front of me, hooked her thumbs inside the waistband of my boxers, and pulled them down. I lifted my butt to allow her to slide them down my legs.
By the time she got up and straddled me, I was already anticipating having sex with Lisa's sister. I didn't even flinch when she reached under her dress, gripped my cock, and pushed it inside her.
"Are you still experiencing fear?" Ezra asked as she straddled my lap, my cock sheathed fully inside her.
"Um, yeah."
"More fear than before I straddled you?"
"I think so."
"Do you feel like there are bugs running up your skin?" she examined with her hands on her hips.
"Not now."
"What do you think is causing the fear?"
"You know, the usual." I had a long list of what was causing that fear. According to Dr. Lee, it includes social anxiety, general anxiety disorder, low self-esteem, strict parents, religious upbringing, abandonment issues, and separation anxiety. In high school, I frequently talked about these with Ezra.
"Is there anything specific right now?" Ezra asked.
"Not particularly... it's more like I feel... very naked... if you know what I mean. Like the fact that we're naked like this in the living room."
"I know what you mean. You feel vulnerable and exposed."
"Yeah, like we're not supposed to be doing this."
"Is it 'we' shouldn't be doing this, or 'you' shouldn't be doing this?"
"I think it's me."
"Interesting. Would it help if we went to your room?
"Um, I think it would."
"Why don't we just talk for now like this to see if you can get more comfortable after a while."
---
"Do you feel unworthy of having sex with me?"
"Maybe. I'm not sure," I answered, "but I wouldn't think a guy like me would be having sex with a girl like you."
"One thing you need to realize is everyone has their flaws. Everyone is weird in their own ways. No one is perfect. Even Tony, Lisa, and Denise... if you stop idolizing them and learn to look at them in an unbiased way, you'll realize they all have issues."
"Even Lisa?"
"Especially Lisa."
Denise had said the same thing about Lisa having issues. I wondered if that was obvious to everyone except me, or perhaps Denise and Ezra talked about it.
"What issues does Lisa have?" I asked.
"I have my own observations, but it would be rude of me to share them with you without my sister's consent."
"What about Tony? He seems perfect to me."
"Tony has his own issues. I'm sure you know that better than anyone else."
I wanted to disagree at first, but eventually, I nodded. It's challenging to see Tony with flaws, but I could see what she meant if I stopped idolizing him.
Everyone knew Tony had four brothers. They were nine, ten, twelve, and thirteen years older than him. But what very few people knew was that he was the 'accidental child.' His parents didn't plan to have him. By the time Tony was born, they were over their "I want to have kids" phase.
His parents were too lazy to raise him like his brothers, so Tony grew up with maids and servants taking care of him. They gave him everything he wanted, including a limitless allowance. He used that money to build his own family, which included me.
Objectively speaking, Tony's family was even more messed up than mine, but he seemed like the most balanced human being to me.
"But Tony still seems normal to me," I declared to Ezra.
"Functional? Perhaps... but it may not be healthy or optimal. The difference with Tony is he doesn't allow that to limit or define him. He's in the driver's seat and controls where he wants to go."
"So you think I can eventually be like Tony?" I asked, feeling doubtful.
"I can help you to overcome your obstacles."
"You want to help me treat them?"
"I want to help you understand them better. Understanding can help you learn to cope with them. You may not be able to 'cure' them fully, but that doesn't mean you have to let them define you."
"Like your fear of heights."
"Yes, like my fear of heights."
"How are you going to help me?" I inquired.
"You're afraid of physical intimacy and sex, so it makes sense that the way to understand your fear is with sex."
"You're going to have sex with me often?"
"I would imagine so, and I want to observe you having sex with others."
"Why is everyone pushing me to have sex with others?" I demanded after feeling a little pressure in my stomach.
"Who's everyone?"
"Lisa and Denise," I said, "and even Tony."
"Each of them has their own reasons."
"Which are?" I asked.
"That is something you should ask them."
"The answer they gave is 'why not?'"
Ezra laughed, a high-pitched giggle. She spoke like a mature adult but laughed like a child. "Maybe that's their answer."
"But you seem to suggest that there's more."
"I think there is."
"Something to do with their issues?" I probed.
"I think so, yes."
"If, uh, these issues of theirs affect me, then wouldn't it be wise for me to know about them?"
"Maybe, but I'm not going to share them with you without their consent."
"I'm not sure if you know what's been going on between Lisa and Denise..."
"I'm aware. I've been talking to them individually and also with Tony about it."
"Tony?" was my instant challenge.
"Nevermind that. Were you going to ask me something?"
"Do these issues have to do with what's happening between them?"
"I think so, yes."
"So all these things that have been happening in the house... are they all because of these issues they have?"
"People are multifaceted. Sometimes people do things for no reason, sometimes out of habits or instincts. Sometimes they have certain motivations or fears they may or may not be aware of. To blame everything on people's issues would be simplistic and reductionist."
Ezra enjoyed expounding on theories whenever she could and applying them to those around her. Talking to her could be confusing once she started going into the abstract. It was as though I was talking to someone from another century.
"I don't understand."
"I would say, for now, just let it run its course. I want to focus on the problems you have and focus on the ideal outcome you want to achieve."
"What would be the ideal outcome for me?"
"To become a fully functional human being. If a girl wants to have sex with you, and you want to have sex with her, you should be able to have sex without any issues. That includes being able to come whenever you want to."
"I'm fine when I'm with Lisa and Denise now."
"Would you like to find out why you had problems before?"
"Do you have any theories on why this happens?"
"I do have a hypothesis, but I need to verify it first."
"And you're going to share your theories with me?"
"Yes, including coming up with strategies to deal with them."
"You're willing to help me with that?"
"You know I'm always willing to help you with that, Ken."
"I mean, what's in it for you?"
With a disarming smile, she responded, "Intellectual curiosity, and maybe I can write a paper or book someday. I also want to help you, Ken. The four of you are my favorite people."
"Including me?"
"Why is that so hard to believe?"
"We're friends but not that close."
"I love the three of them. You make them happy, so you're special to me. Besides, I have always liked you -- not in the romantic sense but as a friend."
"Oh."
"If not for Lisa, I would have hung out more with you."
"Really?"
"You fascinate me."
"You mean my condition?"
"It's the same thing, but I also like you for who you are. I think you're a great guy, Ken."
"Why did you say 'if not for Lisa'?"
"You should ask my sister that question."
"Does it have something to do with when you tried to help Lisa overcome her fear of heights?"
After Ezra got over her phobia, she tried to help Lisa by getting Tony to trick Lisa into bungee jumping with her. Tony readily agreed to help. Like Ezra, Tony was the kind of person that faced problems head-on, 'brute-forcing' their way through.
I didn't know the details of what happened that day, but I knew that Lisa made Ezra and Tony promise never to do that to her again. After that day, Lisa also ensured Ezra didn't do anything to help me with my condition. Yet, Tony and Ezra continued to do these adrenaline-dosing activities. That was how they had bonded and became close.
"Partly," Ezra replied.
"What's the other part?" I asked.
"You can ask her that."
"Do you think my condition might improve if I know more about what's going on?" I tried again.
"You're not going to get me to share personal things about my sister, Ken."
"Alright," I acquiesced after a moment.
"Anyway, shall we head to your room now?"
"Okay, but do you mind if we, uh, take things slow?"
"Don't worry, Ken," she said. "I'm not the same person as I was. I know how to be gentle."
"Alright."
"Are you still feeling anxious?"
"A little."
"Do you think you can elaborate on that?"
"Um, it's like this uncertainty thing. I'm, uh, afraid I might start freaking out any moment again."
"So you're more afraid of freaking out rather than afraid of intimacy?"
"For now, yes."
"Lisa told me the path from the couch to your room is the most treacherous." She gave me a little grin. "Do you think you can hold on until we get to your room?"
I chuckled at that thought. "I'll try."
"Before we go to your room, I want to try something Nat taught me."
"Nat?"
"Natalie, my girlfriend," Ezra remarked. "She's a professional escort. She helps a lot of clients with intimacy issues."
"Oh. Um, does Natalie know you're doing this with me?"
"Before I answer that, may I hug you?"
I nodded.
She wrapped her arms around my neck and leaned forward, pressing her cheek beside mine.
"I'm going to relax my body into yours," she whispered in my ear.
I felt her body slowly pressing against mine. I could feel her nipples on my chest, even with her dress still on. Obviously, she wasn't wearing a bra.
"Close your eyes and enjoy the sensation."
I closed my eyes. Then I felt the walls of her pussy clenching tightly against my cock, gripping my erection like a fist. Unlike a fist, though, it was both soft and firm at the same time. The pressure continued for a few seconds before it was released. Then she clenched again for a few seconds, then released again... then again.... and again.
"Do you like this?" she whispered again.
"Yeah..." I moaned. "It's... very nice." It felt like her pussy was massaging my cock. It was a different experience from thrusting in and out but still very pleasurable.
"You can hug my back or reach under my dress and touch me wherever and whenever you like."
My hands were at my side on the couch. I reached under her red dress and cupped her butt cheeks.
"To answer your earlier question, Nat and I have an open relationship, like Lisa and Tony, but we tell each other everything," she affirmed.
"Nat does this with her clients?" I mused.
"For those with intimacy issues."
"Are they as bad as me?"
"You're ahead of them. Nat usually does this fully-clothed with them."
"What's the purpose of this?" I asked while enjoying Ezra's continued clenching and unclenching my cock with her pussy. I never knew people could have sex this way without even moving their bodies. I could feel the pleasure in my balls rising as though I was fucking in and out.
"People with haphephobia, or the irrational fear of being touched, usually like having sex. Having sex, like we are now, is pleasurable without being threatening," she asserted. I could hear her breath getting wispy.
"What's the difference between doing this and having normal sex but with clothes on?"
"The emphasis here is on body contact. When there's thrusting involved, sometimes people focus too much on the movement. When we do it like this, whenever you feel your fear rising, focus on the sensation on your cock. It teaches your mind that sex is pleasurable."
"I don't think I need to teach my mind that sex is pleasurable."
She smiled teasingly at that. "Like I said, you're ahead of them. Having regular sex with Denise and Lisa helps you greatly with that."
"How long does Nat usually do this with her clients?" I asked.
We must have had sex like this on the couch for at least ten minutes already. I was starting to feel the familiar sensation of wanting to come. I wouldn't come this way, but I would still prefer more thrusting.
"Usually, she will get them to undress once they feel more comfortable, but most of them don't last as long as you do."
"What happens after that?" I inquired.
"It depends on their goals. If they just want to have sex with an escort, they can move on to thrusting... if they are comfortable enough. If they want to get more comfortable with their fear of intimacy, there are other things we can do."
"Like what?"
"We can do that when you're ready," Ezra conveyed.
"I'm ready," I told her.
Ezra got off me and stood up, exposing my cock, glistening with our combined juices. The couch was damp below where I sat because I forgot to put a towel down before we started having sex.
"Shall we head to your room?" Ezra offered.
I looked at her and nodded. My anxiety was already gone, replaced by my desire to fuck Ezra properly, but Ezra had other plans first.
Once we entered my room, Ezra closed the door and stood in front of the full-length mirror. Then she asked me for my sleep mask, blindfolded herself, and motioned me to stand behind her.
"Hold my waist," Ezra instructed.
I held her hips as I stood behind her. Even with the blindfold on, her face was pretty.
"Once you're comfortable, you may undress me and touch me however you like. Let your hands roam all over me. Explore every inch of my body. Just don't kiss me on my lips or penetrate me yet."
"Which lips?" I asked. I was starting to understand why she blindfolded herself. Ezra was vulnerable, powerless, and at my mercy. I felt in control.
She grinned. "Both lips. Ask me for permission first before you penetrate my pussy, but you can touch the lips on my face with your fingers if you like."
"What's the purpose of this?" I asked.
"For you to explore my body and get comfortable with it," she responded, "and to whet your appetite."
"My appetite's already whetted."
She grinned again. "Be that as it may, I think this will be very fun for you."
I nodded. Then I realized she couldn't see me. "What's the purpose of the mirror?"
"Are you uncomfortable with mirrors?" she checked.
"I don't think so. Just curious."
"Nat usually does this on the bed, but I thought you might enjoy watching yourself touch me like this. Either way is fine. Do you want to explore my body like this or on the bed?"
"We can do it like this first," I answered. I was rather eager to see her naked and explore her body with my hands.
"Once you're ready to begin, I'm going to stop talking," she disclosed. "Do you have any more questions before we start?"
"Um, when do I move on to the next part?"
She gave a little smile. Perhaps she could already sense the eagerness in my voice. "Let's do this. Once you take off my dress, you can look at me and explore my body however you like. Then lead me to the bed when you're ready to move on to the next part."
"Um, just to be clear, I can touch you with my hands any way I want as long as there's no penetration, right?
"Yes, and since we've been talking about anal sex, avoid penetrating my butt as well. You don't have to limit the touching with just your hands, though. You can press your body against me as well, including your cock."
"Okay."
"It would also be helpful for me if you touch me at all times so I know where you are, and if you're comfortable, you can also vocalize all your thoughts when you're exploring my body."
"Vocalize my thoughts?" I responded questioningly.
"You can tell me how you feel when you're touching me. Like, 'I love how your breasts feel when I cup them from behind,' or 'it's so erotic to caress your bare skin when you're blindfolded like this,' or 'I can't wait to get you on all fours and watch my cock disappear into your pussy.'"
I swallowed hard. Ezra had always been a sexual person, but this was the first time I'd heard her talking like this. I allowed my mind to savor the images she put in my head for a few moments.
"Is there a purpose for that?" I asked.
"For me, an ego boost." She paused and flashed a slight smile. "For you, to be comfortable vocalizing thoughts that you may consider shameful. It's also very arousing to talk like that, don't you think?"
"I'll try that."
She smiled again. "You may unzip my dress whenever you're ready."
I looked at Ezra's reflection in the mirror. I had never lusted after her before. She was my intellectual friend and like a big sister to me. Still, now my cock twitched in anticipation with the full permission to look at and explore her body however I wanted. Once I had my fill, I could even fuck her however I liked.
There were a few things I was excited about at that moment: sex with Ezra for the first time, a foursome with three of my favorite girls, and anal sex with Lisa. I might even have anal sex with both Denise and Ezra after that.
At the moment, though, those things paled in comparison to what I was about to do. I would see an attractive girl walking down the street and undress her with my eyes... imagine how she would look naked... fantasize about myself having sex with her. Now, I could take those scenes in my head and act them out.
The best part of all this, I realized, was the anticipation -- like a movie director preparing to create the exact scene he had previously imagined.
Before today, I could never imagine myself doing something like that. Now, I had full permission, and the rising arousal made me eager to do it. The tsunami of my anticipation was already threatening to hit the shore.
I allowed my mind to spiral with all the naughty things I wanted to do with Ezra blindfolded... unzipping her dress to reveal her sexy back, sliding the straps off her shoulders, watching her red dress fall to the floor, exposing her naked body before running my hands over every inch of her bare skin.
---
END NOTE: Special thanks to WildBSinTX, dougslair74, and the others who had helped with editing, proofreading, and giving me suggestions on making this story better than I ever could. Any remaining mistakes were solely mine.
For those of you who groaned in frustration at the end of this chapter, I promise to make up to you with lots of sex in the next few chapters. Steamy sex scenes with Ezra, then foursome, then anal sex.
But all this is assuming readers still enjoy RSI and want me to continue. So let me know if you want to continue reading Ken's journey.