This is the story of a week-long visit by my very sexy friend and lover, Carmella. They are numbered for convenience, but can be enjoyed in almost any order. -Emmerson
The next day found us on a driving tour of Hollywood. I narrated as we made our way up the winding streets of Beverly Hills. "I got bored one day and paid $20 to take the bus tour of the 'star's homes.' Now I can share it with you for a fraction of the price." I pointed at a large house. "That's where that actress from that movie lives with her producer husband." I pointed to a small mansion with two stone eagles perched on the entryway. "That's where the horror movie guy used to live. You can tell by the birds on the fence." Carm laughed. I pointed to a very big mansion. "That is either an actor's place or a rock star. The tour guide was a bit vague."
She laughed again. "You're making this all up."
I shrugged. "I'm pretty sure someone did, but is wasn't me."
We drove through the beautiful neighborhood for another half hour, looking at beautiful houses, not really caring who lived in them. I would say anything to hear her laugh. We eventually came out onto the road leading down to Hollywood Boulevard.
I slowed down to point out the street sign for Hollywood and Vine, before pulling into a parking garage and winding our way to the empty bottom level. We took the elevator up to a Chinese restaurant with an ornate doorway done in the style of a pagoda. I tried to speak with authority. "Do you remember that TV show in the '90s where the reporter was also a computer? This is the front door to his apartment." Another laugh. Smug, I opened the door and followed her in.
After a light lunch, we took a stroll along Hollywood Boulevard. First stop was The Chinese Theater, home the famous hand- and footprints in cement. Across the street was The Egyptian Theater, a restored classic movie house that only shows family movies nowadays. All along the sidewalk were the gold stars with celebrities' names. "Don't look down," I nudged Carm. "They'll know you're a tourist."
At the end of the corner, we looked up the street toward the Capitol Records building.
Carm squealed and pointed further up the hill. "Oh my god! The Hollywood Sign. There it is. How fun!"
I chuckled at her childlike excitement about something I drive past without noticing hundreds of times a year.
As we walked back toward the parking garage, a woman stepped out of a storefront and stopped in front of me. "I thought that was you!"
"Annie!" We locked in a full-body hug
A tall brunette of 41, Annie always says her large boobs and a pronounced ass have been the bane of her existence since puberty. We shared a quick kiss on the lips. When we stepped back, Carm linked her elbow in mine once more.
Annie looked the younger woman up and down. "And this is?"
"Annie, this is Carmella. Carmella, this is my Annie, my daughter."
Carm noticeably relaxed. "Daughter."
Annie hefted her boobs. "From the first wife."
Carm gave me an incredulous stare. "You must have been a baby when you started having babies."
Annie held one finger to her lips. "Shh. Family secret. Dad's a stud," she said with a grin.
"Oh, don't I know it." Carm squeezed my ass.
Annie paused. We watched the proverbial penny drop.
"You two are...?" She pointed from me to Carm then back to me.
"Fucking. Yeah."
"Carm! Behave"
"Better do what he says or the old man will turn you over his knee."
"Ooo." She turned her eyes up to me. "Will you spank me, Daddy? If I'm a very bad girl?"
"Stop it. Both of you."
Annie studied Carm again, then looked at me. Her eyes narrowed.
I held up one finger, like she was 12 again. "Don't say it. Whatever it is, it does not need saying."
She relaxed and sighed. "Does Mom know?"
"There is nothing for her to know right now. It's all pretty new."
Annie nodded. "Just met and you're," she glared at Carm, "fucking."
I tightened my hold on Carmella's arm and stepped around Annie. "You won't ruin our day. I thought we raised you with better manners than this. You and I will talk another time. Good bye, Annie. I love you."
If she replied I did not hear it as I stormed down the sidewalk until I realized I was almost dragging Carm. I quickly stepped into a doorway, out of foot traffic.
"I am so sorry, Carm. She was rude and vulgar and you do not deserve that."
"Actually, I was the one who was vulgar, but yes. She was rude. It should not have happened that way. She seemed nice until she realized we were together." Carm rubbed my bicep. "Though it was kinda hot the way you stood up for me. I mean, oh my god, I'm all for smashing the patriarchy, but my man got me kinda wet with 'You won't ruin our day' and shit."
I couldn't help but smile down at her playful expression. "You're crazy."
"And wet."
"Come on."
It was a short walk back to the parking garage. When we got to our car, there were a few other vehicles around, but no people. I opened the passenger door for Carm. Suddenly, she stripped off her pants, revealing her landing strip and tight butt.
I stared. "Y'know, all that stuff about 'Sin City' is mostly just publicity."
She shoved my hand between her legs and started undoing my pants. "Do you think there are cameras down here?"
"Almost certainly."
She started stroking my dick, which was getting hard very quickly. "Then you better fuck me quick, if we don't want to get arrested."
She lifted one leg around my hip, sliding herself onto my dick. I was startled at how easily I went in. "Damn, Carmella, you are so wet."
"I've been thinking about this all morning. I thought how fun it would be to sneak into one of those star's homes and... ung." She was humping me quickly already. "And fuck in the star's bed or on their sofa and the fantasy got me all worked up and I had to find to find a way to... OH MY GOD. FUCK!"
Her hips were blasting against mine. The sounds of slapping and squishing echoed off the concrete walls. I thrust up hard and she grabbed my neck tightly as she cried out her climax. Then, "Hurry. We need to go."
In a minute she was off me and in the car with her pants in her hand. I barely got mine pulled up, but not closed. I drove toward the exit. As we pulled into the first ramp, a security guard flew past us on a bicycle, going the other way. Carm was grabbing her bag from the back seat. I struggled to make the next turn and zip up my pants without catching my slippery dick on the zipper. Two more bicycle cops were coming at us, but swerved around when I did not.
Carm had fished a pair of shorts from her bag and was slipping them on. I made it up the second ramp and was turning toward the gate arm. There was one car ahead of us, putting their ticket in the machine.
I glanced at Carm as she shoved two fingers into her pussy, then rubbed her juice under my lip. "For luck."
No less than five guards were coming up behind us, on bicycles and on foot. Another guard stepped out of the small room at one side, pushing his brimmed hat back to scratch his head.
The gate was lifting for the car ahead of us. As they started moving, I gunned the engine, running up close behind them, making it through the gate before it closed.
"Oh my god." Was all Carm could say.
Some of the guards came around the now-closed gate. The driveway ended at a busy street with a red traffic light. I swerved into the right lane, barely checking my speed before turning right to merge into the tourist traffic.
I was at the end of the block before I saw the guards in my rear-view mirror, standing on the sidewalk, stupidly staring after us.
"Oh my god," Carm repeated. She threw her arms around my neck, screaming, "Fuck me! I can't believe we fucking did that!"
"Not yet we haven't, you crazy woman." I laughed. Frantically trying to remember the neighborhood, I turned a corner and pulled into another multi-level garage attached to a big department store. This one went up instead of down and I did not stop until I was on the roof. I parked and shut off the car, catching my breath.
Carm was grabbing at the front of my pants. "That was some serious real-life 'Italian Job' shit. I'm going to suck you so hard..." As she pressed her mouth down on my cock through my pants, frantic in her adrenalin lust, I quickly looked around the car and in the rear-view mirror. The only people in sight were walking away from us toward their car at the far end of the lot.
"Babe." I put a hand on each of her shoulders. "Carm. Calm down. We can't. Not here."
She lifted her face to mine. She was flushed and her eyes were wild with lust. "Why not? I'm so pumped up. Oh my god. I need more of your yummy cum."
I kissed her hard. Her arms went around my neck as her tongue slipped into my mouth. I moaned before she broke the kiss. "See? You want it, too. Please." I looked again into the mirror. A mother and two small children were walking in our direction.
"Not here. People." I looked at the clock in the dashboard. "And, we have dinner reservations in half an hour. We can't walk into this place looking freshly fucked."
"This place? What is it? Someplace all Hollywood fancy and shit? Beverly Hills?"
"You're close. You also can't go in shorts."
She reached into her bag, pulling out some purple fabric. "I brought a skirt, just in case. Though I can't put my panties back on."
"Why not?"
"I think I left them in the parking garage." She gave me a quick kiss. "The police won't do a DNA test, will they?"
"Those guys would foul up the sample by jacking off in your panties before it dawns on them to run any tests."
"Hm. That's kinda hot."
Carm slipped the purple crepe skirt over her shorts, then took the shorts off from under. The purple went well with her black blouse. She smoothed the fabric down her lap. "See? All decent. So, where are we going?"