If you've read my previous postings, you know that I'm a 6' Caucasian guy in good physical shape but I'm not exactly huge. I've got the extraordinary luck to have married a 33-year-old Vietnamese girl named Thuy. She's got golden brown skin; her hair is getting longer to the point it almost reaches mid back now. She's 4'10 about a 33c which on her looks pretty darn big. She used to be ultra conservative in the way she dressed for five years of marriage; even in our own home but now is no longer ashamed to show off her beauty when I'm around.
Thuy was in an accident that could have been much more serious than it was but as a result her youngest sister Ha came to live with us and take care of her for a couple of weeks. Ha (Hà) is 4'9", 95lbs. 27 years old, has the same golden-brown skin and long straight shiny hair (she wears it in a pony tail more often than Thuy) but otherwise looks nothing like her sister to me although is also very pretty. Ha has a thinner nose, thicker lips and has a very quick sense of humor. She used to be super scrawny but as has gotten a little curvier as she seems to eat more these days although she is still very thin.
Thuy insisted that her sister should be my wife should anything happen to her as is the tradition in the somewhat isolated village they came from in Vietnam. Ha had lost her job and couldn't afford her lease so it was fortunate for us she was available to help take care of Thuy at our home. During that time, she has really become my second wife and I can't deny I'm very much in love with her much as I am with her sister Thuy. She got a new job while living with us and is very busy these days doing commercial real estate photography for sale or lease.
Kim is the middle child at 29, about 5' even and about 105-110 lbs (best guess). and has lighter skin than her sisters although she is starting to get darker as she hangs out at our pool more these days. Kim is gorgeous but in a short Asian Jessica Rabbit kind of way. She was the most repressed of all the sisters, never even wearing anything remotely revealing. She had been a virgin until about a month ago when I (unknowingly on my part) took her virginity while I was blindfolded. I thought it was just Thuy and Ha in the room but they thought since she didn't have a lot of dating experience she should be with someone she liked.
I've spent a lot of money fixing up the house and expanding it over the past two years but have come to realize I've changed a lot over that time as well. I just noticed in the mirror while my face doesn't look quiet as young as when I was in college, my body seems to be improving although it is a bit hairier than when I was in college. What really has changed is my opinions on many things. I didn't think anyone could truly be in love two women and I realize I was an idiot. I didn't think it was fair to Thuy or Ha them and yet both seem happier than ever. I didn't think I should fuck Kim since, while I love her, I am not in love with her. However, all three women seem as pleased as punch about the situation they orchestrated (read more in the previous stories). The other thing that has changed is even though I'm getting older, I swear, I'm at least as horny as I was when I was 18. If I haven't fucked by the end of the day I swear my balls are aching. I was fine just a few years ago, now it is a pretty constant need. I would go to see a doctor to see if something is wrong but every time I cum I think I'll get this checked next week.
A couple of weeks have passed since Kim discovered she likes it when I talk filthy to her and treat her like a whore when we are having sex. She also doesn't seem to worry about keeping her clothes on when she comes to visit. The girls don't seem to like wearing clothes much and as a result they tend to keep the house at about 75 so I rarely wear more than my exercise shorts. Kim did wear clothes one night when a friend was stopping by to borrow my video calibration tools for his home theater. I offered to help but he said he wanted to see if he could figure it out and knew I'd just do everything if I was there (and he is probably right).
Thuy came home from her volunteer job and seemed a little agitated about something. I helped her bring in the groceries but she wasn't nearly as talkative as usual. We don't fight much but I immediately started to try to figure out what I did wrong as she gets very upset if she has to tell me what I did. I figured something had to be up because besides not engaging much in conversation she bought enough food to feed an army. She said she thought I should trim the lawn before it rains later on in the week. She was right but I think she just wanted time to herself so I went out and mowed the lawn and brought in the cushions and tidied up outside. I jumped in the pool and then took advantage of the new outdoor shower we just installed before coming back inside.
When I came back in, I noticed as I headed to the bedroom to put on some clean clothes that Ha was home now and both sisters were wearing summer dresses. They both looked like angels to me. They were talking quietly in Vietnamese about something. I put on a new shirt and pants to try and dress as nicely as they were. They had the table set and about 8 dishes of delish food on the table despite the fact there were only three of us. There was going to be leftovers for at least a week (yum). I didn't want to poke the bear but I was starting to get a little concerned and finally asked, "if there is something you two need to talk to me about, it is OK, to just blurt it out."
Ha started, "I got a call from Ma today. Her sister has been very ill for a week before someone from the village went to the nearest town and relayed the information. It took a week to get the news because the village bus is broken down."
I said, "that's terrible! Is your mother going to visit her or should we fly your aunt here so she can get some medical attention?"
Thuy said, "she's too sick to travel and it would be impossible to get her to an airport. Ma wants to visit but is concerned about the expense."
I swear that woman would rather save a quarter and buy a 25" CRT TV than spend the extra two times and a nickel to get a 65" 4K TV. I didn't say that out loud but she can be tighter with money than I am and I consider myself pretty cheap. I said, "if your mother went, how well would she be able to handle getting around over there?"
Thuy said, "Ma can handle everything about the local village no problem but we are worried that she might not do so well when dealing with the people in the cities on the way there. We are also concerned about her driving." After a long pause, "that is why we were thinking one of us should go with her."
I thought about it and realized it would be the longest I've been away from either of them in a long time. I understand that family is extremely important and I should help out in every way possible. "I'll tell you what," I said, "After we finish this amazing meal, let's start planning. I think both of you should go so you can help out with things as your mother can be a handful." I didn't mean to put her down but it is usually best for one person to distract her so the other can accomplish more without her "assistance" and they knew that to be true. That is a concern and the fact that while they love her, she can push their buttons too quickly when there is no buffer. I'd offer to pay for Kim to go as well but we all knew her mother would never leave the Salon without her in charge.
Thuy got up and kissed my forehead and said, "thank you for understanding, Sweetie!" Then she kissed me romantically on the lips which I swear still makes me feel special and lucky. I could feel that she would miss me by the bittersweet nature of the kiss and I could see how much her eyes were tearing up. She quickly grabbed a dish and brought it to the counter, hoping I wouldn't see.
Ha got up and kissed my cheek and said, "thank you so much!" Then she grabbed my face and kissed me on the mouth, while using a lot of tongue but to be comical as she made loud kissing sounds. She cracked me up. She managed to lift some of the somberness of the room. We finished the meal which was spectacular before they started packing the food into containers for the fridge and freezer as I brought everything to the counter. While they cleaned up, I began to prep.
I started a spreadsheet with to do items and a budget -- tickets for the 3 of them, vehicle, basic supplies, finding a doctor, getting a sat phone, researching travelers checks (I didn't know if people still used them). I figured they could add to the list when they were done in the kitchen.
I found a few airlines with good rates to Vietnam but couldn't find their village on any map so I didn't know where the nearest airport was (It turns out I wasn't spelling it correctly but that didn't help me find it much). They found it for me and it was about 100 miles from the nearest city and about 35 miles to the nearest town with gas and electricity. I admit the tickets were expensive on such short notice but they weren't going to break us. I called the airline and asked if they had any discount for medical emergencies and she didn't ask for any proof, she just was very considerate and gave us half off each ticket.
I looked at renting vehicles for 2 weeks and 3 weeks and at 4 weeks it was a better idea to just buy a used vehicle. I figure they could leave it behind for the Aunt if she got better. I found a place not far from the airport that had some reasonably priced 4-wheel vehicles that looked to be in relatively good shape. I asked Ha to talk to the dealership and had her put a deposit on it and asked them to check the shocks, struts, engine, tires and everything since it was going to be used off road. I didn't know what else to say as I don't know much about cars. They said they'd replace the tires, struts and shocks for a reasonable price to prep it for off roading.
I ordered a sat phone and converters for the car so they could charge it. I asked Ha to see if she could track down a doctor who would go to the village with them. We booked a hotel about halfway between the airport and the village for a night. I figured they could book it on the way back when they were ready to come back. They'd leave in 2 days.
That evening we held on to each other but very few words said. While I was going to miss them, it seemed so absolute since they wouldn't have real internet or be easy to get to if anything should happen. They hadn't been there since they were just kids. I'm sure they'll be happy to see their old home but I hoped not so much that they want to go back soon.
Kim stopped by the next day. Thuy showed her everything about what food was available, the washer and the dryer, dishwasher settings. I appreciate that Thuy wanted someone to help out while she was gone, but I was starting to wonder if she thought I was incapable of doing things myself. I admit, freely, I suck at cleaning even when I really try but I can put away dishes and wash clothes (not so good on the folding). I certainly could do some cooking -- not nearly as good as her but I don't burn things and I make a decent tomato sauce and can grill any meat you can find. Kim kept me company while Ha and Thuy headed out to do some more shopping for the trip.
Not long after the door closed, Kim stripped off her clothes. I'm not sure why but I felt terribly guilty for being turned on by her considering their situation. She jumped in my lap and began kissing me. The doorbell rang so I tossed her off of me as she scampered just around the door to the kitchen. It was Fedex with the sat phone I had overnighted.
As I opened the box she came back and began kissing the back of my neck and running her hands over my chest down the bulge in my pants. She has an effect on me -- not sure if it is the curves, her desire to be used, her lack of inhibitions with me, or that bizarre effect the scent of her hair conditioner has on me. She unbuttoned my shirt and undid my belt and pulled off my pants. She sat facing me on my lap. My cock was already hard and I could feel her pussy lips pushing down on my cock and making my underwear wet the moment she sat down. She began kissing me anxiously and the smell of her hair was having a tremendous impact. I hadn't cum in 2 days and I was burdened with a tremendous amount of pent up sperm.
I asked, "are you trying to let me know you want something?"
"Please put your big cock inside of me! I want you to use your little whore," she said.
"I'm not sure that is such a good idea," I said nonchalantly. "Last time I did that you were so loud and the windows were open. Aren't you worried about your reputation?"
"I just want you to fuck me. I have nothing to be ashamed of; I want your neighbors to know I'm the lucky girl you are having your way with. I think it would turn me on if they knew."
I decided to test her statement, "In that case," I said, "glad you feel that way!" I took her to the back yard with her not wearing a stitch of clothing. It was very warm out even though it was now pretty dark out. On the plus side, there was a nice continuous gentle breeze as a storm front was moving in. Our neighbor behind our house had sold their home and moved out. They asked me to keep an eye on it until the new buyers moved in next month. It had a few lights that were triggered by motion and sound. I hadn't told Kim any of that. Due to the trees and brush you really couldn't see into his yard or any of our neighbors for that matter.
I bent Kim over the picnic table toward the back of our lot. I pulled down my underwear and I began to drag my cock head along her slit. She was so wet that you could hear the sloshing sound as I flicked it top to bottom. I wasn't sure which of us wanted it more but I was going to hold back as long as possible as I sooo needed it and was worried I might erupt the second I was all the way in.
"Please put it in me," Kim said softly.
I kept teasing her as she repeated herself. She said it one more time just a little louder this time. I said, "Oh, I'm sorry with the sound of the cicadas and crickets I could barely hear you. What did you say?"
She then knew I was just teasing her. "Please FUCK me! Please fuck your little whore!" she begged in a loud voice. Her voice set off one of the floodlights in my empty neighbors back yard.
She looked up but didn't struggle to get away. I began to slide just the tip of my cock into her sopping wet, hot, hot pussy. There was something magical about her box, it always felt so good as if it had prepped itself to be as enjoyable as possible for a guest. I slipped a little more into her as she let out a slight moan. "Now look at what you did, my neighbors probably looking out his back window right now. I wonder if he can see your huge tits dangling over the table as I fuck you from behind. Make sure you give him a big smile so he knows you are enjoying this! I have a reputation to protect after all." With that I thrust even more of my cock into her pussy until I hit bottom.
"Hunngh!", she made a primal sound as if I had punched her in the stomach. "That's it, please FUCK ME!" she shouted. This set off my neighbors second flood light which comes on only after the first is tripped. His yard was now well lit but it was impossible to make anything out due to the dense brush and trees. Some of the light made it through the tops of the brush and was touching her gorgeous face and shoulders. The wind was moving the leaves about so you couldn't tell their yard was empty as shadows were constantly changing.
I was fucking her at a pretty good pace now. If I wasn't concentrating on tricking her, I would have come already. I gave one long hard thrust, "Hunngh!" she said.
I bent over her and said, "now look at what you've done, he's walking around in his back yard trying to see what is going on over here!" I swear she came the moment I said that as he legs gave out like rubber. "Is that his son too? He's only 16, I bet he's never seen such a hot little body naked before." I asked as the wind was changing the shadows. She didn't try to hide, maybe her legs were too weak at this point; I think she might have even stood up a bit so her tits were more clearly on display.
I was grabbing her hips so hard I knew there would be serious bruising but I wasn't focused on that. I was plunging her cunt as if it and her hips were separate from the rest of her -- it was my body's only focus- relief! I bent over again and asked, "How many people are watching you get fucked right now -- he must have been having a party or something," I said matter-of-factly. Her cunt gripped my cock so hard she could remove a beer cap with it. She was making a weird sound like she was having a seizure while her pussy was milking my cock. I finally achieved release and burst in her sopping-wet, hot little pussy. Holy crap, I needed this! I'm sure I was making some absurd O face as I finally came but I had lost control and went with it.
Kim must have felt my cock give its final surges in her pussy before I removed it and plopped my body on the picnic bench. Kim was still bent over sprawled across the bench but looked at me with a huge smile on her face. I reached around and slapped her ass as hard as I could from that angle. I loved watching her little bubble butt jiggle as I did so. I said, "clean up the mess you made, you whore," while looking down at my tool. Kim looked down at my cock then at my face and smirked. She then squatted in front of my cock and began devouring it. She sucked and licked every bit of my cum and her cum off my cock.
I then took her by the hand and took her to the new outdoor shower. I cleaned her out her pussy and washed her legs so she wouldn't drip on the floor as she had a huge load of my jizz sliding down her leg and leaving little splotches on the lawn. I'm not sure why I'm producing so much; I really should have that looked at. I need to make an appointment for a physical to get a discount on the company copay insurance anyways. I'll do it when the girls come back. I handed her a towel from the cabinet just inside the door. We then calmly went to my shower where Kim and I washed each other down gently. Kim said, "I know it turns me on the way you just used me but I really like how special you make me feel when you take care of me like this. Aren't you worried though what your neighbors might think if they could make out what we were doing? What if they saw my face and know I'm not your wife?"
I stopped massaging her scalp, lifted her onto the seat facing away from me. I slipped a finger into her pussy and asked, "it got you excited being watched didn't it?" Kim bit her lip and tried to control some of her smile but nodded anyways. "What if one of those party guests is one of you customers at the salon?" She made a little sound and I could feel her hips slowly begin to rock as my finger slid in and out. "I wonder if my neighbor is one of your regular customers. I'll bet he'll be jerking off tonight thinking about your hot little body being fucked outside for all to see." I slipped a second finger in her as she was now riding my fingers more so than I was finger fucking her. "You'll know which men saw you as you look at their crotches as you service them at the salon. They'll be thinking about fucking your hot little body like I did and pumping you full of their cum." That was it, she made a sound from her throat almost like a balloon suddenly developing a leak and then she was squirting in our shower. I swear she stores liquid like a camel!
We finished cleaning up and went back to kitchen. Thuy and Ha were already home -- whoops it was 9:45 already! They were unwrapping their supplies to put in the suitcases. Kim left shortly as she said she had to open the salon tomorrow. I got the phone activated and showed them how to use it (and wrote instructions on a 3x5 just in case). That night after a lot of chatter between Thuy and Ha, Thuy finally spoke up after we were in bed together. "Hon, I'm worried that Kim's crush on you is getting worse. I think you need to find her a new boyfriend soon before it gets worse."
I admit I'm wondering why this was my responsibility but after having fucked the shit out of her sister, it is hard to be act the martyr. I just quietly asked, "you two know her so well, wouldn't you want to fix her up with someone from one of your offices?"
More chatter in Vietnamese and then Ha said, "all the guys we work with are either selfish pigs, gay, married or nearly twice her age. We can try to help her when we get back but, in the meantime, please try to get her to go on some dates right away before she retreats back into her shell." I had to laugh to myself after the display she put on in our back yard, that was very hard to imagine. "We'll talk to her to try and convince her to try dating the people you suggest to her." I admit I didn't know who was left that she hadn't already refused in the past. I didn't give it much more thought as I kept thinking about them being gone for so long. I fell asleep but kept waking up and holding them as if it was my last time.
It felt strange the morning. This would be the last time I see Thuy or Ha for weeks. I put their luggage in the car and kissed them several times before closing their doors after they got in the car. We stopped to pick up their mother about 30 minutes ahead of the time we needed to as we knew she'd be a bit of a challenge. We managed to get to the airport two hours ahead of departure even though we left the salon later than I would have liked. Hopefully their mother wouldn't be too much trouble at security or boarding. I drove home and even though I wasn't going in to work today I wasn't happy to be at home. The house felt empty knowing they wouldn't be coming through that door any time soon. I turned on the computer and thought about responding to work emails or maybe working out but I just wasted the day playing video games, killing Nazis.
That night, I got a call from an old friend (Timmy) I hadn't heard from since college. We'd occasionally send a quick message through our college chat app but that was it. I use to copy most of his engineering homework and in return I'd solve any problems he couldn't resolve himself. Truth be told, I think he's much smarter than me but just not good at thinking outside the box. He could never tell when the professor was putting irrelevant facts into the questions. Tim was a super nice guy; so nice in fact, you'd wonder what his angle was. He'd literally give you the shirt off his back.
Tim asked if he could meet up with me as he was flying in to town on Friday night and said he'd love to try out some BBQ while he was on assignment in my remote neck of Texas. His company had a plant just about an hour away. I realized any distraction would be good for me so I happily invited him to have some beers at my place. I told him he could pick if he wanted pork or beef ribs or steak as there were different places you wanted to go to, depending on what you planned on eating.
The next morning, I got up at the crack of dawn as I couldn't sleep, I worked out but I just gave up about halfway into it. I decided to go for a long walk. I ended up walking for nearly 2 hours and it really helped me with my funk. The sun came out and the birds were chirping. Although I missed my women terribly, I realized they were hopefully enjoying their childhood village. I was very late but I got a call just as I was pulling into work. It was Ha and Thuy! They had a little bit of bad weather on the flight that scared them but they managed to find the car dealership and the topped it off at the town that was relatively close, about 40 miles off, but a 2-hour drive to the village as there were no real roads.
Their aunty was sick but in slightly better shape than the expected or maybe she just seemed that way because she was so happy to see her sister and nieces. They are being treated like celebrities since they have a working vehicle and a phone. They've already taken a run with a vehicle full of their neighbors to the town to stock up on things and sell some goods as the village truck has not working. Something about their trip to the village had Ha laughing and saying something quietly in Vietnamese to Thuy. They've arranged to pick up a mechanic and the doctor in two days at the town to bring them up to the village. I loved talking to them but I could hear a lot of talking in Vietnamese and realized they had to go. I was so happy they were safe.
The day seemed to go by quickly even though I couldn't focus. I got home and started to take one of the Tupperware containers with a meal already prepared for me out of the fridge. I was feeling a little hungrier than I had the day before. I needed a distraction so I put off doing something that I had been putting off forever -- I sorted my dreaded bills/tax/banking cabinet and shredded an insane amount of old paperwork. I had so much to do it took me two nights. The following nights I cleaned and organized the garage. (OK, I admit it, I jerked off watching porn the third night as I felt like I might burst -- holy crap I don't remember cumming so much even when I was younger). I ended up heading out for a peg board and some shelving which killed off another two nights. Tim called to verify where we should meet up on Sunday so I suggested we start off with something light and get BBQ at night.
That morning, I did a serious workout as I knew I'd be drinking a LOT of beer. I mowed the lawn and skimmed the pool. We went to a local college "cantina" that had the best dang fajitas you've ever had and the Shiner's were ice cold. It was strange seeing him after such a long time. I really enjoyed the conversation as it was fun reminiscing and talking true geek with someone. It seemed like we had just arrived but we'd been there for 2 hours and managed to nurse 3 beers a piece. I had him follow me to the house where he was very polite and said it was a really nice home. I noticed Kim's car was in the driveway which was odd since I hadn't heard from her all week and didn't know she was stopping by today. I know she must really have her hands full at the salon as the boss so she had double duty.
Tim and I walked through the garage door as I admit I felt like showing off my tidy garage and electric lawnmower to one of the few guys in Texas that would appreciate an electric mower. When we walked into the kitchen, there was Kim eating a sandwich -- "naked" as the day she was born. She didn't say a word, just she just shrieked and ran to the bedroom. Tim asked if that was my wife and I casually said, "no, that was probably another burglar, we have a real problem with hot little naked Asian women breaking into homes around these parts." He laughed as I got him a beer and admitted to him, "that is my sister-in-law, she probably thought no one would be home today and was probably changing to use the pool and must not have heard us pull up."
Tim looked at me and said, "that is the hottest woman I've ever seen in my life!" I was explaining about their Aunt in Vietnam but I don't think he heard a word I said. He just looked dazed as he looked towards the bathroom door.
I appreciated it as a compliment for some reason and said, "I better go check on her. I'm hoping I didn't scare her too much." I went to the bedroom and she had on one of my T-shirts. Apparently, she wasn't that traumatized as she didn't bother putting on a bra as you could see her nipples poking through the cotton. She just grabbed me by the neck and began kissing the hell out of me. As I held her back, my lower hand noticed her buns were still unencumbered by any panties. I smiled and said, "miss me much?"
Kim lifted up my T-shirt that she was wearing and pulled my mouth to her breasts. I admit they were every bit as spectacular as ever. She took my hand and pulled it to her pussy. She was sloppy wet. I wondered it that was all for me or she got excited about flashing a stranger. "I really want to do this," I said, as I pulled away from her, "but I have a guest and I didn't know you'd be here. You are welcome stay and hang out with us or you can come back when he's not here. We probably will just hang out at the pool." I knew if I didn't get away right then, I'd forget about my guest and use her as my little sex doll all day.
I asked Tim if he brought his suit and he said forgot to pack it. I let him know he could borrow one of mine or just use his skivvies. He finished his beer and said his boxers would be fine unless my sister-in-law would be around. (I can't say that I blame him I wouldn't want my junk in someone else's suit). I told him since she hadn't popped back out she was probably going to hide in the bedroom. I noticed he had already had finished his beer while I was checking on Kim. I handed him another, a little surprised as he was such a lightweight in college. I used to think nothing of drinking more than a dozen in college but I rarely drink more than that in a week these days. I don't think I'd ever saw him drink three whole beers in one day let alone five. He stripped to his boxers and went outside to the pool. I couldn't tell if he had developed a crooked mosey or her was drunk but he plopped himself down on a chair.
I went back to the kitchen to get myself a beer when I heard Kim ask, "can you make me a drink and I'll join you!" I knew Kim might feel a little awkward with someone she hadn't met and since we'd probably reference a lot of things she didn't know about so I made her a very tall Long Island Ice Tea and left it on the counter.
Tim was telling me a little more about his assignment and I think his drawl was becoming a little garbled thanks to the beer. He told me about the new equipment staging when he just stopped talking and his jaw dropped open. I looked over where he was looking and Kim had found one of Thuy's bathing suits that on Thuy was a bit conservative but on Kim was so naughty. Kim has a much curvier body even though she's very fit and so her tits and ass were bulging out of the suit. I realize she was trying not to be too naughty as some of the suits the girls owned were so skimpy they showed everything. She had already finished about two thirds of her drink as she walked out to join us. I introduced Kim to Tim. Kim sat on the lounger in-between Tim's chair and mine. Tim draped his towel over his lap as he sat back down. I told Kim about some of the incredibly nice things Tim did for people while we in college so she would feel comfortable around him.
Kim nearly finished her drink in one long drag from the straw and said, "whew that went to my head for some reason. Can you rub some sunblock on me while I lie down for a bit?" She lay down on her front and waited for me to help with the lotion. I carefully untied her top so I wouldn't get lotion on it. I looked over at Tim and he was practically drooling. His eyes were bulging as he looked up at me so I decided to have a little fun.
I winked and mouthed, "watch this." I then proceeded to untie her bottoms and folded the strings and the material so it just covered the crack of her ass. I picked up the lotion and just before I squirted some in my hand said, "Oh crap, I'll get the phone. Tim can you take over?" He looked at me and shook his hands as if to say no way. I sighed and handed him the lotion as I took her glass and went inside and pretended to talk loudly on the phone about a firewall issue.
I fixed another drink for Kim and headed back out. Tim mouthed, "OH MY GOD!" as he rubbed her soft smooth golden skin. He was pitching a tent the entire time -- I wonder if Kim opened her eyes to see it. Kim must have enjoyed the rub down as she was napping. Tim stopped talking and without any further discussion jumped in the pool cannon ball style. The water splashed everywhere waking Kim up. She slowly got up as the suit fell off of her. She looked at it and then put it back on before she realized we still had a guest. She took another swig of her drink and showered in her suit by the garage. Tim had stopped swimming and just watched with his elbows up on the side of the pool as intently as possible.
She went inside as Tim said to me, "How in the hell do you resist that? You were always a very standup guy but HOW?"
I admitted, "You can't imagine how hard it is sometimes."
Tim and I talked for at least 30 minutes about a big contract his company was working on and how he thought I should do some consulting for them as they apparently paid consultants an absurd amount of cash. It was tempting but I really loved what I did for my current job and we weren't hurting for cash even though more wouldn't hurt.
Tim's phone rang loudly as he leapt to answer it, he suddenly sounded so professional. There was a lot of "did you try..." questions and then he said he was going to have to take a raincheck on dinner as they hit a snag that could delay the implementation. He used the outdoor shower while I made him a big cup of coffee in a promotional cup from one of my vendors for the road. I gave him a towel and his clothes and showed him the guest bathroom. He must really hate chlorine as I could hear the shower running for a bit. We said our goodbyes as he thanked me for taking the time and for the chance to put lotion on "the hottest woman I've ever seen in my life."
I went to the bedroom and Kim was under the covers in my bed. Apparently, she went inside to shower and got sleepy. I bent to check on her when I was hit by the apple fragrance of her conditioner. I had to control myself, I thought, what kind of sick animal will she think I am when I'm supposed to be concerned about her sisters. She woke up and said she felt so well still a little groggy but hungry. I got her some ice water and we made it through a very long meal and just talked about what we thought it must be like over there.
I thought Kim would head home as it was getting late but she just kept looking at me. I felt like I was supposed to juggle or something to entertain her. I then casually said, "well, I really appreciate the company but it is getting late and I have to get up very early."
Kim smiled and said, "no problem, I have to get up early myself. I'm just going to freshen up." She then headed to the main bathroom as I made sure all the windows were locked. I thought I'd put my phone and headset on the charger by the bed when I realized Kim was no longer in the bathroom but in my bed. I wasn't really sure how to react. Did she think that I was inviting her to bed? I plugged them in and then went to the bathroom to get ready for bed. I admit between the beer and the food I was dead tired as it seemed like a long day. I got under the sheet and while I was wearing boxers, Kim was naked as usual. My God, she has an amazing body.
I kissed her forehead and rolled on my stomach. I almost slurred out (due to drowsiness, not the alcohol), "Tim really likes you, maybe you could go on a date with him while he's in town". The next thing I know, I could feel her gentle hands sliding up my back giving me a wonderful back rub. I felt her hot wet pussy on my lower back where she sat as she guided her hands up to my shoulders. I think I must have kept my eyes open for about 2 whole minutes before I crashed completely.
Kim must have fallen asleep on my back as I woke up briefly around 1:30 am and she was lying on top of me. I needed to get her off of me as I was too hot. Her hair was draped around my head and I could smell the fragrance on it. I don't know why buy my cock woke up and started to get hard. I did my best not to move for what must have been an hour before I fell back asleep. I woke up lying on my back to the feeling of my boxers being pulled off. I felt Kim climbing to straddle me as she was guiding my cock into her sopping wet pussy.
She smiled down at me and said, "I felt this when I woke up this morning and realized it must need to cum so I thought I'd help out!" She then lowered herself completely on it before grunting. How the hell was she so hot and wet already? I could see the droplets on my hairy balls as she kept humping my cock. I didn't even really have time to gather my thoughts as she was pumping up and down on me dragging her fingers along the hair on my chest. She started a series of orgasms that was a sight to behold. Her gorgeous golden curves were writhing as she rode me. If I hadn't had morning wood, I probably would have released my landing foam a minute into watching her spectacular large tits swaying as her amazing hips were gyrating like a paint shaker working my cock into a frenzy.
I flipped her on her back and I told her to hold her legs apart for me as I ate out her dripping pussy. She just kept her hand over her mouth as I went to town. I looked up and said, "tell me what you like. Not all women are the same and it really, really turns a guy on when you say what gets you excited."
Kim was gently but frantically running her fingers through the short hair on my head. She looked down at me and said, "oh, Tiger, that feels so good, are you sure you don't mind eating my pussy?"
I lifted my head and said while looking up at her, "try being a little more positive. I'm not just doing this for you, you know."
Kim seemed to get it and said a bit more confidently but still a still a little unsurely, "Does my Tiger enjoy eating my wet pussy?"
I just gently mumbled a "mmm, hmm" as my tongue was nearly as deep as it could muster in her pussy.
"Oh that's it Tiger, I like it when you do that!" she shouted as I was now spelling the alphabet. She started to drive her fingernails a bit into me as she pushed my head down hard to her pussy. "Oh God! That's it, I'm cumming!" She shook as she started to gush into my mouth.
I had distracted myself as long as I could. I crawled up and put her ankles over my shoulders. I slammed my cock into her soppy hot little pussy. Eventually I knew the old wood had shifted and I was getting ready to paint her insides with a large load. She asked, "does my Tiger like fucking my little Vietnamese pussy? Unngh, that's it, keep fucking me, my pussy will always belong to you!" I swear her pussy was somehow clamping on to me so hard it took effort to move it back out and back in. Her eyes bulged as I hit bottom and she said, "I'm cumming for you, Babe!"
At that same time, I felt my control leave me and I could feel it torrent out of me. Her eyes had rolled up as she looked like she was getting some sort of shock treatment. I stayed upright, for nearly 2 minutes as I seemed determined to pump ever last drop I could into her delicious pussy. I finally felt my cock shrink back, soaking wet. I fell on my back for a couple of minutes as I caught my breath. My chest was now soaked with sweat.
I needed to get going (Monday mornings are the busiest of the entire week for me) but I just wasn't done yet even though I had just spent my entire load. I don't know why but I just wanted to enjoy every bit of her flesh. I pinned her hands over her head and scooched down a bit so I could go to town on her lovely melons. I sucked, and bit and pulled for nearly five minutes. She screamed like she was about to have another orgasm but I saw the time and then kissed her forehead saying, "I have to get ready for work, right now!"
She looked disappointed but after grabbing about 8 Kleenex to clean up some of the mess we made, followed me into the bathroom where we both brushed our teeth and gargled. I said we didn't have much time so she gave me a quick shave and shampoo and cleaning giving my cock plenty of attention like it was a guest in the shower with us. I gave her a quick but thorough cleaning and thanked her for such a nice morning. I changed and grabbed breakfast for both of us while she dried her hair. I insisted she just leave her dishes in the sink as I scooted both of us out the door.
I got to work long before most of the day to take care of the pile of emails and voicemails that are left for me every weekend. My focus seemed very sharp this morning despite the beers I had yesterday.
About 9AM I got a call from Thuy and Ha. I have no idea why but I felt very guilty. The doctor said he needed to run more tests but he thought their Aunt had a parasite and didn't seem terribly concerned. He gave them some pills and they should take care of it in a week. The village truck needed some parts so that should be working in a week. Ha was laughing about that for some reason but before I could ask, Thuy said their Aunt was calling so they had to go. We said our "I love you" before we had to get off the phone. As I drove home that night, I thought I'd try and set Kim up with Tim for a date before he left town.