[Author's note: Matt, if you read this, sorry bud. I had to tell the story... and you owe me one.]
Chapter 19. Helping a friend get lucky.
Tuesday night came around and I had just gotten to the gym about twenty after five to begin my workout. I was in the cardio room when my petite gym buddy Sharon came in.
"Hi lover," she said.
"Hi sexy girl," I said.
We talked about a bunch of nothing, but our conversation was often laced with double entendres, which kept it interesting, yet at the same time kind of vague to any nosy busybodies who might be eavesdropping.
After we finished our time on the machines in the cardio room, we walked down to the weight room. "I got some new shorts," she said.
She turned around and her shorts said, "SEXY" across the butt. "You like?"
"I think they fit very nicely, but aren't they stating the obvious?" I asked.
"You're so sweet," Sharon said. "You get a kiss for that." She leaned up and kissed me.
We did our workout and in the weight room. I was spotting for her as she did her free-weight bench presses. After her second set, I took the bar from her and she grabbed my swollen package. I had been gazing at her cameltoe, thinking naughty thoughts.
"Wow!" she exclaimed.
"Hey now. We can't be doing that stuff here," I said softly. There was only one other guy in there facing away from us but the walls were all mirrored.
"I'd just about do anything to take you in here," Sharon said softly.
"Ditto. But I don't want to get arrested," I said.
Thankfully, we managed to get out on the track without anything more than some ass grabbing. It was obvious Sharon was clearly in hyper horny mode tonight.
"Are you like super-frisky tonight or what?" I asked once we were out running.
"I'm going out with my boyfriend tonight. Hell yes I'm excited."
"You're a doll, Sharon. I'm pretty excited about tonight too. Do you get excited when you're meeting a 'client'?"
"Eh, not very often. But it depends."
"On what?"
"On a lot of things, including if I've been with them before. I've got a fair number of clients that are rude, inept or just plain ugly. For those guys, it's a chore, but their money spends like everyone else's. Most of my clients, frankly, aren't fit and attractive."
"Here's a question: Have any of these clients ever wanted you to introduce their sons to sex?"
"Not very many. I've done a couple of those over the years, including a college freshman who was a virgin who wanted to score. He was consummate nerd. He was not quite five foot tall with some growth disorder, a dash overweight, with glasses. His step-mom paid for me to give him a special 18th birthday present at the dorm."
"How did that happen?"
"His mom told me that she arranged a birthday party for him at a bar in Urbana and I pretended like I was a college coed. It was kind of fun actually. I bought a pair of glasses frames with plain lenses and made myself look like a nerdy girl. Anyway, I picked him up and talked him into taking me back to his dorm room."
"So, how did that go?"
"He had no idea I was anything other than what I was pretending to be. He was very reluctant but a little dirty dancing in his dorm room and his reluctance melted pretty quickly although he was still nervous as hell. I knew I had him when we were dancing and he had his hands on my boobs and crotch while pressing his erection into my butt. It was pretty much off to the races at that point. I think I was the first girl he had done more than kiss and certainly the first he'd seen naked besides his younger sister anyway.
"Alright, this is getting interesting..."
She continued. "Yeah, I was wearing some loose jeans and when I took them and my shirt off, I had some plain cotton panties and a semi-cute demi bra on. I wanted to look more like a coed and less like a Victoria's Secret model. He asked me about my tattoo and I told him I did it to rebel against my mom. When we made out before I took his pants off, I was rubbing on him and didn't realize how sensitive he was. He had a little accident there." Sharon laughed.
"I thought I almost lost him there, he was so ashamed. Ten minutes later I had him undressed and cleaned up. I knew this kid was a virgin so I let him shoot his next two in my mouth and I swallowed them and smiled. At this point, he was starting to calm down and have some self-confidence. He asked if he could ejaculate on my face next time and I said 'sure'."
"Let me guess, you were still only there in his room for twenty minutes at this point."
"More like about forty, but yeah, it was his first blow job. I asked him if he would like to eat me and he grinned and clumsily tried to eat me. I gave him a few pointers without being too much like a teacher. I faked a couple of orgasms and I think I might have been a little too loud on the second one because I heard some guys outside. They pushed the door open and saw this kid with his face buried between my legs. They were kind of assholes in their teasing of this kid, but he pushed the door shut and locked it. I had him put a condom on - I had to show him how to do it right, and then he made love to me. Sort of."
"Let me guess, he didn't last too long."
"No, he did pretty well. He had a decent size cock for a little short fella. I even showed him how to take it off in a hurry so he could come on my face. He was pretty clumsy at first, but soon figured things out and two hours later, he thought he was the top cock on the block. By that time, there were a bunch of guys listening in as we fucked and I gave a good show for them without making it sound too much like I was a wanton porn star slut. And junior liked facials, as I got two or three before I got dressed and left. By the way, the boys outside liked it when I said, 'ooh! you just came on my face'."
"I told him I had to go home and gave him a big kiss. I got his email address in case his mom wanted me to give him a follow-up visit. He walked me outside and there were a lot of wagging tongues when we walked out. They probably worshipped that kid as I'd bet they were all in the shower fapping after I left and that kid is probably still trying to find a coed to fuck him."
"Probably so. Was that the end of that?"
"His mom called me a couple days later and thanked me for doing a fantastic job and but that her son was despondent that I hadn't contacted him. So I sent him an email saying I had a boyfriend and while I enjoyed that night with him, we couldn't do that anymore as I realized how wrong it was to cheat on my boyfriend."
"How did his mom know you?"
"They were a couple my husband and I did the swinger thing with. Her husband and mine are both into a little bit of the bi-curious male thing."
"I've been meaning to ask you about that. Does your husband really do gay sex?"
"He's done it a couple of times and says he didn't like it. He also doesn't like guys who act the least bit gay. He does like to give or receive blowjobs with guys he finds attractive. He also likes the taste of semen. It's really kind of complicated and even though we've been married for a while I still don't completely understand it."
"So changing gears, about your friend..." Sharon changed the subject. "He doesn't know I'm going to make him a lucky guy. Have you thought about how that's gonna happen or is that in my hands?"
"I don't really have any great ideas. We could cajole him into getting into the hot tub with us, but that's going to look kind of slutty with you getting naked in front of a 'friend' readily. I could just leave you two in the basement together, too. Honestly though, I was kind of hoping you could work some magic on that."
"I'm sure we'll figure something out. Besides, if he turns me down, you get to be my sex slave, remember?"
I laughed out loud. "Yeah, I remember that."
"Oh, by the way, my husband is still raving to no end about last week. I told him you had a great time as well and would be back for another threesome. He can't wait."
"His cock intimidates me."
Sharon laughed and I chuckled.
"He does have a big cock. We've been making love at least twice a day on average since that night. I've got you to thank for that."
"He sure likes to watch, doesn't he?
"Yes. He's a serious voyeur. I've taken him to a couple of swing clubs and he's more turned on watching other people than participating."
"Why is that?"
"I just don't know. It's kind of like how you like to watch or I like to have sex. He just likes to watch. It's very pleasurable for him and I like to make him feel good, just like I like to make you feel good, Joe."
We finished our run and began our cool down lap. Two miles sure goes quickly when I'm with Sharon.
"I hope you had as good of a time as Nathan and I did," I said.
"Joe, you were magnificent. That night was wonderful."
"You probably say that to every guy you're with," I said skeptically.
"Joe, look. You said you were always honest and like that in people. Have I ever been anything but honest with you?"
"No."
"Joe, you're a wonderful lover who I'm developing some very strong feelings for. We've known each other for how long? Four or five months or more? Every day I see you I like you more and more. And after we had sex that first night, I haven't been able to get you off my mind. You're like a drug and I'm the addict."
"I've thought about you plenty too, Sharon. Of course, we see one another four or five days a week too. You know, I miss you when you're not here. Plus you're good for my workout discipline. I look forward to coming to the gym for two reasons thanks to you."
"I'm not talking about just being a fun friend to work out with. You are that and then some for me, Joe. I'm trying to say is that I am falling in love with you."
She paused, looking at me for a reaction apparently.
I put my arm around her and pulled her close. "I share many of those feelings, honestly."
"Kinda left you speechless for a second, didn't I?" she asked with half a grin.
"I deny that allegation," I said in a deadpan voice.
Sharon chuckled. "Look, don't get freaked out. I told my husband the same thing. I assured him that I loved him and that I'm not going to leave him for you or anyone else because he was simply irreplaceable. I told him that I simply was getting a bad case of puppy love. You're the "boyfriend" I've always wanted to have. I want to keep you now that I've got you. Oh, hell, I should just shut up now because things aren't coming out exactly like I mean them." She seemed like she was a little overwhelmed.
"That's okay, Sharon. I'm crazy about you as well. Last week was mind-blowing and I look forward to doing it again. I'm not quite ready to say 'I love you' though, but it's probably not far off, but you're married. We're never going to be a 'couple' in the traditional sense of the word. And honestly," I said. "There's that damn word again. Honestly, if I thought us seeing one another and having sex was going to risk your marriage or your family, I'd stop seeing you right away and never talk to you again. I care about you enough that I will go out of my way to make sure you're not in danger or going to do something stupid, okay?"
"Thank you." Sharon had started to cry while giving me a big hug.
"God, I love you Joe!" she sobbed into my shirt.
I walked us over and we sat down on some benches around the elevated track, away from others there to give her some privacy.
"You are such a sweetheart," she said, burying her face into my shoulder, crying softly.
"Why are you crying?"
"I'm just so happy. I love you, Joe. It's kind of scary, really. I've never felt this attracted to anyone since before Nathan and I got married."
I just patted her softly on the back.
"Just so long as you're not thinking of leaving Nathan to be with me, that's the important thing. He's a good man and you're a good couple with a daughter. Besides, I think I already told you I'm not looking for a long-term relationship - of the traditional type anyway."
"I'm not going to leave my husband. I love him too much and we're soul-mates."
I just kept patting her softly and holding her until she was ready and felt composed.
"Come on, babe. Let's go back to my house to shower. We can make love before we go out to dinner, okay?"
That perked her up a little. "Okay. Give me a second here first."
Fifteen minutes later, Sharon had composed herself and we had our gear. She followed me back to my place. Once inside, she didn't wait for the shower. She was ditching her clothes like they were on fire as we walked in from the garage.
"I want to smell you when you're hot and sweaty," she said as she tore my shorts off in the living room. She sucked my cock like a crazed woman, then gently sucked on my balls. I was hard as a rock and I picked her up, carried her over to the stairs. There, I bent her over at the stairs going up and fucked her doggy style. We came together after less than two minutes of intercourse. It was a true quickie, and extremely intense.
I didn't mean to come inside her as I figured Matt might be eating her later, but oh well.
I pulled out and Sharon took me by the hand and we walked to the shower. She was leaking semen all down her leg and I had her sit on the sink, spreading those legs of hers. I went down on her cum-soaked pussy and ate her good. The salty-tasting combination of sweat, semen and vaginal fluids that had mingled together made me hot for more. Even better was how I was making Sharon moan and writhe around on the counter.
This went on for a few minutes then I had Sharon hop down and turn around. I had her spread her feet wide and I went down on her from behind. Her ass crack was sweaty but it still smelled fine. I licked her slit and rimmed her asshole. I flipped her over again and had her sit on the counter again and bring her feet up there as well, exposing her most private parts to me fully.
My newfound erection felt right at home when I slid it inside her and fucked her until she threw her head back and cried out at another orgasm, squirming back and forth on the counter as my cock plunged in and out of her sexy little vagina. I kept pumping through her orgasm and soon we were both looking down at my cock going inside her as we fucked.
I picked her up and held her in the air as my cock impaled her pussy. It was easy with her tiny little body. I reached around a little further and stuck my middle finger into her asshole up to the first, then the second knuckle. Sharon rewarded me with another orgasm and a minute later, yet another.
I carried her back to my bedroom and not wanting to mess up the bed, I laid her on the floor and we resumed in the missionary position, although I slowed things way down. We took it slow and easy and kissed passionately the entire time. Sharon climaxed, and right as she was about done, I pulled out clumsily climbed over her towards her face. She sat up and took the entire blast in her mouth and swallowed it like a good little whore.
She just smiled and pulled me by the hand to get up. "Mmm, delicious. Come on, honey! No rest for the wicked."
She got us into the shower and we kissed and washed and made love again but I was unable to reach another climax. We were in the shower horsing around for almost forty minutes before we finally got out, in part because we were running out of hot water.
I wanted more sex as I was hard again watching her put her makeup on half-bent over the edge of the sink, but Sharon wouldn't let me in her freshly cleaned pussy.
"Here, you can come in my mouth." She knelt down and within five minutes she had brought me to another orgasm. I don't know how or what she does but when she wants to make you come, you are going to come.
She took it all in her mouth, then she stood up. She smiled and gave me a tongue kiss along with a fair amount of my cum. She started laughing when I pulled back at the unexpected surprise.
"Your saliva's a little salty today baby," I noted.
Sharon chuckled.
"I know. It's all gone now though." She smacked her lips and showed me her empty mouth.
"Thanks babe."
"Sharing is caring!"
"You are better woman than I deserve," I told her.
"That's so sweet of you to say. I said basically the same thing about you to my husband last night when we were talking about you."
"Thanks, I'm flattered. You know, Nathan is one damn lucky guy. If you weren't married, I'd pop the question to you in a heartbeat. I wouldn't change a thing about you either. And honestly, as high as your sex drive is, I'd want you to have a boyfriend too."
"I'll tell him you said that."
"Thanks again for my early Christmas presents, by the way. I've got them both in my wallet."
"My pleasure. I gave you that one in case you've got any other friends or couples that need to play. And the other one is for you and me to spend some 'honeymoon' time together. I'll get you a ring and we can pretend to be newlyweds." Sharon purred as she finished that sentence.
We got ready. Sharon got ready in the bathroom while I put on some clothes and went downstairs and cleaned things up. I found myself wishing I'd married a girl like Sharon instead of Lisa, my first wife. Sharon seemed like a really good mother, wife and provider. Of course, Sharon is about as rare as a perfect diamond.
Sharon was finally ready after about a half-hour. She had locked me out of the bathroom so I'd quit dry humping her ass and fondling her tits while she was trying to put on her makeup and do her hair. I must admit, I was crazy about this girl.
Our little tryst pretty much killed the time I had set aside for us to eat before meeting my friends. I asked Sharon if she would be offended if we winged dinner. Not surprisingly, she didn't bat an eye.
Our plan, if you could call it that, was for her to follow me to meet up with my friends and me at our meeting spot. There, I would introduce Matt to her. The only think Matt knew about the night's festivities was that I had someone for him to meet and that he might want to take a shower and put on some clean clothes before he came out. "Oh yeah, if you're still wearing your wedding band, leave it at home tonight." I also told him to plan on coming over to my place afterwards for some show and tell.
Brian, my room-mate had plans with Rachel after our little meet-up with the guys, so he wasn't even going to be back to the house. Rachel is very cute and teaches at one of the local high schools. I have no doubt she's the most popular teacher with the boys and I'm sure she and Brian had plans to study some anatomy together, as the old cheesy joke goes.
I had assumed he was working late when I didn't see him at the house ahead of time, which was actually kind of fortuitous given our lust in the living room when we got home.
I called Sharon when we were on the way and told her to hang back a couple of minutes or so to give the impression we didn't come together.
I walked in and almost everyone, including Matt, was there. He did as I told him. He looked and smelled like he just got out of the shower. He was about 5' 9" with short, dark brown hair, a goatee with a few gray whiskers and he probably weighed about 200 pounds. Too many donuts in the office and too few laps at the gym I guess.
Right out of the gate, Matt asked me who this person was I wanted him to meet.
"They'll be here soon."
"They?" he asked.
"You're not that lucky. Enjoy your drink, sir."
Sharon came in a few minutes later and walked up to me and took off her jacket. She was wearing a pair of snug jeans that were very flattering, along with a snug pullover top that was low cut and very flattering to her bust and the bra she was wearing. She looked good, but not one bit sleazy, and she certainly wasn't flaunting her body. She also had left her wedding ring in her purse. I offered to put it in the safe back home but she declined.
Every bit the professional, Sharon acted like your average woman. After she's introduced to Matt I was confident she'd zero in on him like a discrete heat-seeking missile.
"Guys, I'd like to you all to meet an acquaintance of mine. This is Sharon." I introduced her to everyone there and when I got to Matt, I said, "Matt, this is the person I'd like you to meet."
"Hello Matt," Sharon said. "Good to meet you. I've heard a lot about you."
I completed the circle and Matt came around and sat in the seat opposite Sharon from me.
"It's nice to meet you. How do you know Joe?" Matt asked with a warm smile on his face.
"Come on Matt, be discrete!" I thought to myself.
"We go to the same gym. We've been working out together for five or six months now and he spots for me and we run together. He's a nice guy and a sweetie. Where do you know Joe from?"
"Attagirl, Sharon," I thought to myself while I was half-talking with some of the other guys while Sharon and Matt had their getting to know one another talk.
The waitress came by and took our orders and a couple of times I looked over to Sharon and checked to make sure she was having a good time and that Matt wasn't bothering her. Matt told me to shut up the second time I kidded Sharon to elbow me if he's being a pest.
They were getting along swimmingly. She left to powder her nose after eating and Matt slid over next to me.
"She's hot!" was the first thing he said.
"Yeah, she's cute. You didn't think I was going to introduce you to a single girl that looked like Helen Thomas, did you?"
"She's not your girlfriend?" he asked.
"Matt, quit asking so many questions of me. Do you like her? If so, ask her out. If not, that's fine too. I told her I'd buy her dinner tonight if she'd tag along and meet a single friend of mine. But to answer your question, she's a girl who's a friend. I'm not dating her."
"Where does she work?"
"You know that big plant out in east Urbana? She's an office girl of some sort there. Now, what did I tell you about asking me questions about her. You want to know something, you need to ask her."
Sharon came out from the bathroom and Matt scooted back over for her to get back into her seat.
I noticed I had a new text message. I checked my phone and it was from Sharon. "He's ready."
"Hey Matt, are you about ready to go. Sharon wants me to show her a couple of revolvers to see if she can find one she likes for home defense. You can follow me over if you want. I've got a new toy to show you as well."
"Yeah, that would be great." Matt was ready to go. "Sharon, you need a ride?"
"Thanks, but I drove."
"Matt, you're being such a bonehead!" I thought to myself. "Ya need a ride?"
Sharon spoke up. "Joe, I'll just follow you guys so I don't get lost."
I led the way. Of course, Sharon's car was parked right next to mine and I was sure she was not going to get lost, but appearances are important.
We pulled up to my place ten minutes later and I parked in the garage and waited for them to walk up.
I gave them both the nickel tour and Sharon played along as though she'd never been there before. I noticed our towels were still wet and hanging up in the upstairs bathroom. I'd have to get those later.
Matt liked the place, especially the stripper pole and the big-assed gun safe when we got down to the basement. Sharon commented on the pole as well, as if it was the first time she had seen it.
We talked guns for a while and I let Sharon try a couple of the revolvers for size and she found one she liked, a 4" Smith and Wesson Model 65. She asked Matt a lot of questions and had him help her with a stance and all that. I noticed her intentionally touching him freely and getting close. He was flirting with her a-plenty, although her flirting as a little more subtle.
I asked her if she really didn't have any guns in the house for home defense and she said that she was a little intimidated by handguns. She had a shotgun though, but Sharon said she shot it once and it was quite unpleasant.
About a half-hour later, after we'd put the guns away, I asked if anyone wanted a drink. I mixed poured Sharon a couple shots of Jack over some ice and Matt took a beer.
Sharon wasted no time going to work on her Jack and in my opinion, was feigning a little bit more intoxication that she really felt. She also took her drink into the bathroom when she went to tinkle. When she came out, the glass was nearly empty. She had me give her a refill and sipped on it for a few. Matt and I were talking about something else and she brought up the hot tub upstairs.
"You know, I was thinking. That hot tub up there looks really inviting after a long day. Could I hop in it? You fellas don't have to, ya know.
"I didn't bring a suit," Matt said.
"You can stay down here if you want. I didn't either actually." Sharon giggled a little then stood up and began walking towards the stairs.
"Sharon, there's towels and stuff in the cabinets next to the futon up there by the Jacuzzi, okay."
"Thank you."
"Would you mind some company?" I asked.
"Sure!" she said cheerfully.
Matt looked at me like he was mad at me.
"What? You gonna let a pretty girl get into the hot tub naked and not join her? What's wrong with you, man? You afraid she's going to see your pee pee?"
He threw up his hands.
"You got a suit I can borrow?" he asked.
"Dude, you're gonna look kind of silly being the only person wearing a suit."
"Where's the bathroom, I gotta take a leak."
I pointed him to the downstairs bath and when he came back a couple minutes later, I told him to come on with me upstairs.
Matt reluctantly followed me. I went out in the Florida room and Sharon had already fired up the Jacuzzi and was enjoying it. The lights were down low and I noticed Sharon's clothes were neatly folded on the futon. Her sexy neon green bra with pink polka-dots and matching thong panties on top. The waterline was just below Sharon's shoulders. I was kind of hoping to see some of her boobies, and I'm sure Matt was too.
"You guys going to join me? It feels really, really good in here!"
"I am," I said. "I think Matt might too but he wants you to close your eyes so he can get in."
"Does that mean I can leave my eyes open when you climb in, Joe?"
I laughed. "That's up to you. Somehow I think you've probably seen a naked man or two in your life."
She laughed. "I'll never tell how many naked boys I've seen in my time, but I think I'm going to be able to add a couple to the total tonight. Come on in Matt. You'll be glad you did."
I was already down to my boxers. I took off my socks and folded my clothes. I also grabbed a towel out of the cabinet and put it on top of Sharon's towels. Then I doffed the boxers.
"Whoo hoo! We have a nekkid man in the house," Sharon cheered. "Nice schwans there, Mr. Joe."
I climbed in and sat down leaving a seat between Sharon and myself.
"Come on Matt. I'm closing my eyes now. It feels really good in here," Sharon said.
"I'll close mine too if it makes you feel better," I added sarcastically.
"Shut up, asshole!" Matt blurted.
He went ahead and started stripping. I really did close my eyes. "Tell me when it's safe to open my eyes."
A few moments later, I heard Matt climbing in.
"Okay, you can open your eyes now," Matt announced.
Sharon giggled. "I peeked."
"You cheater."
"Matt doesn't shave down below," Sharon said.
"That's more than I needed to know," I said.
"What, do you shave?"
"I trim, yes."
"I shave!" Sharon added while offering a very sly-looking grin.
We're there for about ten minutes when I noticed Sharon's drink was empty and and Matt and I had left our drinks were on the table. Sharon had moved over next to Matt and the waterline was revealing some cleavage now and then.
"Matt, you want your drink?"
"Sure," he said.
I got out and passed Matt his drink. Sharon whistled at me and then asked me if I would get her another drink.
I went downstairs to the basement and stopped in the bathroom to take a leak before making Sharon another. I made this one a single. I went back upstairs and they were kissing passionately and Matt had his hand on her breast when I walked back into the Florida room.
They broke apart from kissing as I walked back in. I handed Sharon her drink and she said thanks.
Matt now had his arm around Sharon.
We talked for a few more minutes and Sharon asked me to freshen up her drink which she had hardly touched. "And take your time, would you?"
This time when I got out, my cock was semi-erect. I kind of suspected what was going to play out.
I went downstairs and made the drink and high-tailed it back upstairs.
I peeked around the corner and Sharon was jacking Matt furiously under the waterline. She was sitting up so her little breasts were visible above the waterline.
"I'm coming!" Matt said softly.
"Oh, I can feel it baby!" Sharon was right there holding his cock as he squirted.
Matt caught his breath. "That was nice," he said.
"Good. I'm glad you liked it. I'm going to tell Joe that I've had too many to drive home tonight and ask if I can stay downstairs in that spare bedroom. If you would like to join me down there..."
"You're on. Let's get out of the water before Joe comes back," Matt said.
I gave them a minute or so after I heard them getting out before I walked back in and saw Sharon stark naked holding a towel while pressing her ass against Matt's groin, looking back at him.
"Couldn't keep your hands off one another I see! Oh, Sharon, nice!"
Sharon looked at me and held her arms out. "You like?"
"Hell yes. I'm jealous."
"Thanks Joe. I think I've had too many to drive home tonight. Would it be okay if I stayed in that bedroom downstairs?"
"By all means. I was going to suggest that anyway after your first one."
"Alright. I think Matt and I are going to go to bed now."
They didn't bother with clothes. They just wore their towels and headed downstairs.
"Sharon, there are condoms in the nightstand top drawer."
"Thank you. You're the greatest."
They went downstairs and I dutifully picked up the leftovers and took my clothes upstairs to my bedroom. I took a quick shower then went to bed. I knew Sharon would be up when Matt left to molest me properly.
It was a couple hours later when she woke me up.
"Hi, sleepy. Wake up!" Sharon was shaking my shoulder.
I was a little groggy. I opened my eyes and she had a towel on her head and another around her body.
"Matt go home?"
"Yes, I sent him home a very happy and drained." Sharon took off the towel off her head. "Let me hang these towels up and I'll be back."
True to her word, she was back in a couple shakes.
"How did it go?" I asked her.
"He did pretty well. He left about a half-hour ago. I took a few minutes in the Jacuzzi then took a shower before I came in. You were sleeping so soundly, snoring like you do." Sharon climbed into bed with me as she was talking. Her nubile body looked so tantalizing. Even without make-up, Sharon looked nice. I just wish she didn't have that big tattoo on her tummy.
"You're so sexy," I said, touching her tummy as she lay next to me.
"Why thank you. You looked pretty handsome yourself getting our drinks for us in the buff while I entertained Matt. He was a nice guy but horny."
"I saw you giving him a handjob in the tub."
"Yeah, I could tell he was pretty excited. I leaned over and kissed him and his hand went right for my boob. I reached down and his cock was hard as hell. Just to be naughty I jerked him a little to see what would happen and he didn't protest one bit!"
"I certainly didn't see any protests going on from where I was at."
"Yeah, he came about thirty seconds after I started working it pretty good. I was a little worried that he was a premature ejaculator but he did just fine when we went downstairs," Sharon said, running her hand back and forth on my chest as she spoke.
"That was a stroke of genius asking to spend the night in the basement bedroom because you drank too much, by the way."
"Yeah, I went in there and threw out my first drink."
"You're a resourceful girl. I'm impressed," I said, giving her a light kiss on the forehead.
"This wasn't my first rodeo!" she said, as though I should have known that.
"I'm crazy about you Sharon," I said.
"I love you too, baby."
She scooted herself over and straddled my hips. She slid down slightly until my cock slipped inside her hot little snatch.
"Oh, man. You are so fucking naughty too!"
"I am, aren't I?" Sharon said with a sly grin.
She rode me until she had tired herself out. She came at least three times and maybe even once or twice more. It was so fun, really. We were enjoying pleasuring one another as we changed up doing several variations of female superior.
Then we rolled over so I was on top. I took it slow and we continued our tryst. It felt to me like our bodies had merged and we were sharing one another's passionate sensations. We were as one, a sensation I've gotten precious few times before with women I've slept with.
It was as if the stars of the universe all revolved around us as we exploded in our climaxes.
"Amazing!" was all I could say when it was over. That was the most satisfying climax I'd had in years, if not ever. It wasn't so much big or gut-wrenching as it was emotionally satisfying.
"I think I've died and gone to Heaven," Sharon said with a huge smile under me. "All the angels just spoke to me."
"I love you Sharon."
"I love you too, Joseph."
I rolled off of Sharon and put my arm above her shoulders as she rolled onto her side. She put her arm across my chest and we cuddled. Her soft snoring a couple of minutes later surprised me. She must have been sated.
I relaxed next to her and recalled the events from the night. My cock got hard again, but I didn't dare awaken my own little angel. She might have been another man's wife, but she was my little angel tonight.
Matt had gotten laid by a good lover. If he can keep it to himself, it will be our little secret.
The other bit of good news from tonight was about Sharon. I'd been trying to think of something nice to get her for Christmas that wasn't lame and common like perfume, lingerie or electronics. It hit me like an epiphany. For Christmas, I was going to get Sharon a Smith & Wesson Model 65 with some smaller after-market grips, ammo, a secure touch-key storage box to keep Alina away from it and a certificate for both her and her husband to one of Brian's Personal Protection classes. Seemed perfect.
Best of all was how Sharon and I connected tonight while making love after Matt left. It was remarkable how emotionally satisfying it was for my soul. I think Sharon felt the same way and that's what made it special in a whole new way.
I've been a little man-whore since Lisa and my divorce a few months before and sex with most of those girls had been good to wonderful, but this tonight with Sharon was an entirely new level of satisfaction. She made me whole in a way these other girls haven't done. It's too damn bad she's married.
There was no doubt. I was in love with Sharon.
Later the next day, Matt thanked me profusely for introducing him to Sharon and he said he was hoping to see her again. I told him I was hoping he could reconcile with his wife and that should be priority number one.
What he didn't know was that Sharon was probably going to be a one-time event for him. Hopefully, he'll see the wisdom of reconciliation.