Louise's wait was not long as she heard the growl of the engine of Johns car and the distinct sound of two doors opening, fuck she thought this was going to be embarrassing.
John and Mike headed up the steps and John pulled out his keys to unlock the door, as he began to unlock, he had a thought.
"Mike, would you mind unloading the camera gear I shall get us two beers?"
"Sure, no problem." Mike turned and headed back down the steps to bring in their camera gear just as John opened the door and stepped inside.
His eyes adjusting to the light and the unmistakable view of his naked wife bent over the kitchen island with torn stockings and an obvious trail of cum leaking from her pussy. John shut the door as he noted Mike still unloading the gear and applied the lock, he then ran into the kitchen.
"What the fuck, are you ok?" He asked.
Louise lifted her head. "Yes, I am fine, just unlock me before your friend comes in, I will explain everything later."
John looked around and spotted the key to the cuffs on the other side of the counter, quickly unlocking her, Louise stood up just as there was a knock at the door. She dashed for the stairs as John pocketed the cuffs and headed back to the front door, halfway there he turned and opened the fridge and pulled out two beers.
He then dashed to the door and unlocked it, "sorry latch must have slipped" he said as he held the door open for Mike and ushered him in helping him with the camera bags.
Once in Mike headed to the kitchen island and sat down, John handed him a beer, "San Miguel, ok?"
"Sure great, anything cold is good after today, we should have some good shots, but I had forgotten how dependant on the weather we always are for those seascape shots." Mike replied.
"Yes, I don't do much landscape work, these days." John replied
"So, what are you shooting, I have not seen your portfolio, and as you joined today's club event, I figured landscapes were your thing?" Mike replied
John laughed. "No landscapes are fine, but I usually shoot nudes and erotica."
"Now you're talking, my preference too, so much more fun and the material has so much range, I have shot a fair amount myself, usually bondage black and whites and nudes outside if the weather plays ball. Do you have anything I can see?" Mike replied
John laughed, inwardly thinking a few minutes earlier Mike would have been presented with quite an interesting portfolio addition tied to the kitchen counter. He opened his phone punched in the password to his encrypted folder and scrolled through to a tasteful black and white set he had taken of Louise bound and tied and showed Mike.
"Very nice, great light and nice ropework." He commented as he looked at John's wife.
As they scrolled through, the shots became more explicit with the section of rope tied directly between Louise's pussy lips and in another shot two strips of rope holding her lips apart, exposing her completely.
"Wow, these are hot, nice work, and lucky you to find a model that is open to those levels, so often they won't do open legs shots, or they charge a fortune. Where did you find her?" Mike asked
Just as John was about to respond he sensed movement, turned and saw Louise walking down the stairs. She was now wearing a simple summer dress and heels. John took his phone and closed the folder, noting Mike's expression change to one of recognition as he realised the model he had just been looking at was now walking towards them.
Louise smiled as she approached them, she had managed to give her hair a quick brush, removing the traces of cum across her face, and changing her torn stockings before throwing on a simple dress and reapplying her makeup so it did not look like she had just been fucked roughly by four men in the last few hours.
"Had a good day?" She asked as she leant in to give John a quick kiss.
"Yes, great thanks, this is Mike, Mike this is Louise my wife and muse." John grinned.
"Muse?" Louise raised an eyebrow.
"Yes, I was just showing Mike a couple of your shots. All tasteful of course." John replied.
Mike jumped in. "They were stunning shots Louise you are very photogenic."
Louise blushed, although she had posed for Nicolai's business and for John, her images had not been openly shared with anyone outside of the private world of the club. "Thanks." Changing the subject she opened the fridge, "you boys ok for drinks, as she poured herself a glass of wine."
"All good here." John replied. Mike nodded also.
The conversation moved on with Mike explaining to Louise that he was ex-military and had now effectively retired having set up a private security firm using ex-military. John smiled as he saw Louise perk up at the military link, the military had always been a thing for her.
"Anyway, I am rambling on and must get on." Mike commented as he finished his beer.
"Lovely to meet you Louise and I hope to see much more of you again soon." He quipped
"Great to meet you too." Louise replied
"Do you need a lift back?" John asked.
"No all good, I shall enjoy a walk across the park, I am not far from there." He replied getting up.
John saw him out, once he had shut the door he turned and approached Louise, "what was that all about?" he asked.
Louise explained to john what had happened at the club and how Rudaj had asked her to take a SIM card into the prison to give to Nicolai. She talked him through how she had then discovered the police following her and how she had got into the predicament that he found her in when he arrived home. John had not spoken whilst Louise had run through all the details of her day, but his eyebrows had raised a few times.
"So let me get this straight, whilst I was away for 6 hours doing some landscape photography, you signed back up as a whore at the club, got fucked by another Albanian mafia family member. You were then asked to take contraband into a convicted criminal before being propositioned to betray the Albanian mafia family with a fake police sim card. Before being fucked by three police officers and left cuffed to our kitchen island, did I miss anything?" He asked.
Louise looked sheepish.
"That's not everything, Jeez Louise seriously?" John spoke.
"Well, that's nearly everything, but there was something I forgot, don't get angry but I am also signed up to do greedy girls events at the club." Louise paused to see John's reaction.
"As in mass gang bangs with all comers?" He asked.
"Yes, but the pay is crazy it's up to £2500 for a single night's work." She replied.
"Louise, I understand your cravings and your desire for your own money, and you know I indulge and encourage them, but is this enough, where does this end, it is getting serious I don't like the police involvement or their obvious corruption?" John stated.
"I know and I did not want all this to happen, but I cannot simply stop now, I will be careful and after I have done this I will just work at the club." She replied
"Ok but please always tell me what is going on, as we need to keep this secret for my work and if your or my family ever found out they would disown us."
"I will, I just need the adventure, out of interest what did you show Mike?"
"That black and white bondage shoot we did." He replied
"The one with me spread and bound with everything on display?" Her voice slightly raised as she was angry at John for showing her to this man.
"Yes, he has seen your spread pussy and hard nipples with rope running up between your lips and I suspect it's only a matter of time before he asks to work with you. Before you respond bear in mind that if I had not shut the door, he would have already seen you spread and bound with a cunt dripping full of cum today."
"In addition, if he is a member of the club, he could have already seen your secret portfolio and might have even fucked you by now. So, you must realise the path you have chosen has consequences." John replied.
Louise thought about what John had said before replying, he was right of course in everything he had said and in pointing out just how exposed she was she realised she needed to be careful, though she quite liked the idea of her in laws finding out as her mother-in-law was a pain and her sister-in-law a total prudish bitch with her failed marriage and prissy kids.
"Ok, I hear you, now can you help me out?" With that she turned lifted her dress up around her waist and bent over the kitchen island once more, reaching behind herself to pull the thong she had thrown on to hold in the multiple loads of cum leaking from her pussy.
John watched as his wife spread her legs and pulled her thong aside, her pussy lips still swollen from their earlier fucking, a white glob of cum clearly visible as it dribbled from her cunt as she spread her legs and pushed her ass up for his inspection.
John eased forward unzipping his jeans and freeing his already swollen cock as he stood behind his wife, sliding its head up between her slick folds and hearing her moan. His wife really was insatiable it seemed, as he sank into her, he felt her cunt grip him, clearly eager for its fifth load of cum. John gripped her hips and without any finesse began to fuck her roughly, reminding her of what a filthy whore she was he gripped her hips and ploughed into her.
She moaned as he told her what a filthy slut she was, taking pride in her depravity like a badge of honour. John slammed into her grunting hard as he came pulsing deep inside her, adding to her already full cream pie. Louise panted as she felt his load added to the ones already inside her. He slipped from her and watched as she rubbed frantically at her clitoris chasing her own orgasm.
John opened the fridge pulled out a large cucumber from the salad draw and stepped behind his wife, as he watched her fingers move in a blur across her cunt, he gripped the thick cucumber and inserted its head into her hole. The thick girth stretched her and brought a deep moan from Louise at the unexpected object now inserted into her.
John eased the length in until she had taken over half its considerable length and then began to fuck her with it. Louise's moans now increased as her stretched cunt became fully satisfied at the huge phallus now fucking her, with a final cry she came and slumped over the counter, John eased the cucumber out of her and placed it in the sink to be washed for later.
Once Louise had caught her breath, she headed upstairs for a thorough shower and change.
Whilst Louise was in the shower John decided they needed to up their security and began researching the best discrete home camera and sensor systems, if the police decided to drop in again, they would have some cover.
They burned through the weekend with a lazy Sunday and prep for the working week, as John headed off for a customer meeting, he noted a parcel addressed to Louise had been left in the porch. He did not recognise the markings but left it on the kitchen island and headed out.
After a leisurely shower Louise dressed and grabbed some breakfast, opening the parcel John had left on the island. She rapidly realised who it was from, DCI Thorne had left a handwritten note that the sim card was attached to it, a simple message read: You are booked in for 1600 on Tuesday at HMP Saltgate, don't get caught remember you are his solicitor not family friend so dress accordingly.
Louise spent the day working out what she would wear and after multiple changes she settled on a pencil skirt, jacket and blouse with simple heels, however underneath she could not resist a half cup bra that just covered her nipples with matching sheer black thong and a pair of black sheer stockings with suspenders. Whilst she enjoyed wearing stockings and suspenders they had an additional purpose, the clasp on her stockings was the perfect size on each leg to hide the tiny sim card. She figured this should be a very hard place to find and enable her to easily remove and hand over to Nicolai when sitting opposite him.
The next morning dragged, and Louise just wanted to get going so started to do her makeup early, just as she was applying her lipstick the doorbell rang. Dashing downstairs annoyed at the interruption and not expecting a delivery, she opened the door and took and inward gasp.
It was Marco, "Louise, I will be brief, we know the police have been tracking you and we assume they have found the sim card and sought to replace it so they can listen into Nicolai's business." Louise nodded.
"No need to worry Louise we are familiar with the dumb tactics of the police here, so you will give him the sim card they gave you and you will also give him this one." Marco handed Louise another card, this was identical but had a small dark bladed symbol on one side.
"Make sure he gets it and watch your emails as Rudaj will have you working again soon as there is some preparation going on for the first Greedy Girls night."
Louise nodded grateful she was not in trouble. "Anything else?" She asked.
"No just make sure he gets the cards and don't screw up, oh and watch your emails."
Louise nodded again as Marco turned and left. She headed inside and wondered what to do with the new card before realising the simplest solution was to hide the new card in the clasp of holding up her other stocking. Time was getting on, so she finished getting dressed, checked herself in the mirror and after a quick text to John to let him know she was heading out, she locked the house and left.
HMP Saltgate was an hour's drive in a poor area outside of Portsmouth and as she approached the area, she noted it was pretty run down with an air of neglect and forgotten people, she was glad it was still light and not an evening visit. After following directions, she found a visitors car park and tucked her car into a space at the back, before checking herself in the mirror taking a deep breath and heading towards the visitor reception area.
As she headed in, she felt butterflies both at the danger of what she was doing but also at the chance to see Nicolai, though she assumed they would be observed so nothing could happen. She needed to remember she was here as Solicitor; she put on a slightly emotionless face and entered the double doors of the reception centre.
A series of seats in four rows to her right where filled with a selection of what she guessed must be relatives visiting prisoners. The group sadly fulfilled the typical stereotypes, heavily tattooed men and several heavily overweight women looking desperate in their almost uniform set of tracksuit bottoms and overly tight T-shirts exposing their rolling guts and fading tattoos. She noted a few evil stares from the women and few hopeful looks from the men as they eyed her up.
She approached the front desk and handed over her formal ID to the security officer, it was exactly two minutes before her allotted time.
The security officer looked bored and depressed at the massed visitors as he processed her details and saw her as just another lawyer, no doubt coming in to try and help yet another criminal. As he punched in her details onto his access control system he spoke.
"You have a 15-minute slot with Mr Nicolai Artof, he is dangerous individual, so you have the right to a personal guard to be present whilst you go through the legal update that has been requested. Do you require a guard to be present?"
Louise thought and then spoke. "No, none will be required, thank you."
"Very well, you will need to wear this emergency bracelet, it has a simple button, if you are under threat press it and the guards will enter the briefing room, you will also need to wear this lanyard and badge at all times for ID as a legal visitor, is that clear?"
"Thank you, yes that is clear."
"Very well, then please go through the door on the left and for the personal property search before being escorted to the briefing rooms in G wing." He looked down and began typing further information into his keyboard.
Louise pushed through the grey door on her left and found herself in a room that looked like an airport search area, a man looked up as she entered. "Please put all items in the tray then walk through the arch and into the secondary area".
Louise nodded and placed her small bag and innocuous briefing folder with her fake notes for her legal discussion in the tray, she then stepped through the archway and waited for her items to process through the scanner.
She picked them up as they passed through the scanner and was about to head into the holding area, when a female officer stepped up from behind the scanner. Louise had not noticed her before even though she was a massive woman and somehow had remained hidden behind the scanner. "Handheld scan please, and a pat down". The woman said.
"Through here." She said as she held open a small holding cell, as Louise stepped through, she noted the door locked behind them. Louise thought she caught a snide look on the woman's face as she was clearly being assessed.
The officer now ran a handheld scanning device over her body, a small buzz emitted as it passed over her back and again as it passed over her chest, thighs and crotch. "Miss do you have anything concealed?"
"No, certainly not, I am here to provide a legal review to a prisoner," Louise replied getting into her role.
"I need to carry out a further search Miss, I also require a secondary witness, we do not have another female officer on duty, are you ok with a male officer to witness?" She asked.
"Yes, I am content with that." Louise responded, inwardly wondering if she was about to be caught taking illegal sim cards into a prisoner. The officer leant into a small intercom that Louise had not seen and spoke "Search observer for room B please."
"The observer will join us shortly, something is triggering the device so please remove your jacket, blouse and your skirt so we can conduct a more detailed search."
Louise nodded and began to remove her jacket and then blouse, as she unbuttoned her blouse, the door opened, and the male observer entered. As she took the blouse off her shoulders, she looked up and saw the man already ogling her body, her nipples were poking out of the top the half cup bra, her piercings clearly visible, the female officer raised an eyebrow as she spotted them. Louise was now keen to hurry up the search hoping her pierced nipples might at least cause a distraction so the sim cards would not be found.
She unzipped her pencil skirt and let it slip down, the man let out an audible intake of breathe and the two officers looked at each other.
The female officer now stepped forward and ran the scanner over Louise's body again, the metal clasp at the back of her bra caused a buzz as she ran over it. "Please remove your bra Miss,"
Louise could see the male officer leaning in, watching intently as she released the clasp and handed the bra to the officer who inspected it closely. "It appears the metal is triggering it, and of course your pierced nipples will be triggering it too" As she spoke, she handed the bra back to Louise, as Louise put it back on much to the disappointment of the male officer the female officer began scanning over her thighs.
The device buzzed again, "looks like the metal in your suspender belt clasps is triggering the device" The officer said.
"Would you like me to take them off?" Lousie asked.
"No that's fine, but I am still getting a detection from your crotch." As if to make her point she ran the device over Louise thong.
"Miss, I need you to remove your thong."
"I am pierced." Louise replied
"What?"
"I have a genital piercing." Louise noted the male officer had a bulge forming as she explained.
"Right, well I am afraid we have to search any trigger so please remove your thong."
Louise decided there was no point arguing and slid the thong over her hips, she could feel the male officer's eyes hungrily taking in her smooth pierced pussy as she stood up, her shiny barbell peeking out from above her clitoris.
"Please sit on the bench Miss and open your legs for inspection."
Louise sat back on the bench and opened her legs, she found the first slivers of arousal hitting her, the fact she was inside a prison with a male and female officer now looking at her spread cunt had not been how she expected the day to go.
The female officer suddenly turned to her colleague, "Mike would you like to search her for me?"
Louise thought to complain but then thought it may just be easier to get it over with, they were clearly getting off on their little power trip over her as she noted the female officers' nipples poking through her shirt.
"Spread you legs wider please, Mike, I am going to hold her open and if you can complete the body cavity search, then you can be on your way Miss."
Louise spread her legs wider as the she watched the woman reach down across her and spread her pussy lips. She felt herself coming increasingly aroused.
"Sue, should I get any lubricant?"
"No need it appears she is very wet already, almost as if she is enjoying this."
The male officer stepped forward, Louise noted he had no gloves on, however she said nothing as her submissive nature came through. She felt his fingers now gently probe her pussy.
"Come on Mike search her, we don't have all day."
Mike nodded and pushed two fingers roughly inside her, Louise let out a small moan at the sensation, as his fingers searched inside her, he ran his fingers over the entrance and then pushed them deeper rotating roughly and arousing her further.
"All clear." He said as he sharply withdrew them, Louise was almost disappointed as she had just felt herself moving towards an orgasm.
"You can put your clothes on now Miss, thank you for your cooperation." Once dressed please exit the room and turn left into the collection area, you will then be escorted to the visitation rooms.
Louise broke herself from her frustration and began getting dressed, noting how wet she was as she pulled on her thong, before her blouse, skirt and jacket.
As she left the room, she caught the male officer Mike grinning and noted him appearing to sniff his fingers. Dirty bastard she thought, he could have at least finished the job she thought.
Turning to her left as she exited, she saw a small holding area with seats and a further dark grey door at the end of the seating area. She sat down and composed herself, she had managed to get through the searches and now just needed to deliver the sim cards without getting caught.
After five minutes Louise heard a key turning and the door to her left being unlocked, she looked up just as a tall prison officer stepped through the door.
The man spoke. "You are here to see Artof, ID please?"
Louise held up the lanyard with her printed ID as the man scrutinised it and nodded. "I assume you prefer a private briefing room, Miss? As his lawyer you are now entitled to a fifteen-minute period of private briefing."
"Er yes that would be great, I had no idea you afforded private briefings."
"Yes, some genius Judge thinks it's appropriate that criminals get privacy now." He continued to mumble about the state of the judiciary and how they were all too soft now on crime as he held open the door and they began to walk down the corridor.
They walked for several minutes as they headed deeper into the prison, passing through a series of thick doors with heavy locks and cameras covering their every movement. As they travelled deeper Louise saw both inmates and officers doing various jobs, she got several wolf whistles and noted many eyes clearly undressing her as her heels clattered down the corridors, no doubt there would be a lot of inmates wanking over what they would like to do to her later that night she thought to herself. Finally, they came to a G Wing holding area with a series of interview rooms, numbered 1 to 6.
The officer looked at his notepad and then his watch before speaking. "We are running a bit late, but Artof will be brought down shortly, you are in Room 5, please wait in there. Once he is brought in you will have fifteen minutes in private before he is collected. If you need more, we will see what we can do, but we are busy today."
"Thankyou, I am sure fifteen minutes will be sufficient." Louise replied.
The officer held open the door and then left. Louise looked around the room, it was small with a single table and a chair on each side, it appeared the table was bolted to the floor. The rooms were the same dull grey as the rest of the prison, a single strip light was on the ceiling with a heavy metal grid protecting it from being smashed.
Louise was glad to note no internal cameras or 2-way mirrors to observe them, she unzipped her small briefing case and set out her pen as if to make notes. She heard voices outside the room and then a key in the doors lock, as it opened, she saw Nicolai.
"In you go Artof, you have fifteen minutes with your brief." With that Nicolai stepped through the door, he looked defiant, his face lit up as he saw Louise, the door closed behind him with a heavy clunk.
Louise stood up and approached him, a mixture of emotions filling her, this man did something to her, she was already feeling aroused just seeing him. His presence even in prison uniform filled the room, he had clearly spent a lot of time in the prison gym as he appeared larger than ever his muscles clearly bulging.
"You look good Louise, thank you for coming, you are proving very loyal, I like that, and I always reward that. Now come here we do not have long, what have you for me?"
"Rudaj has a sim card for you, the police also have one for you, so I have both."
"That is very good Louise, your police are not very bright, we can use their card to throw them off the scent, now where have you hidden these cards?" Louise leaned against the table and began to slide her pencil skirt up; however, she found her skirt too tight to access the clasps.
Nicolai watched as she unzipped her skirt and let is fall for the second time since being in the prison, he let out a low whistle as she revealed her shapely stocking clad legs and the tiny matching thong. She bent forward and carefully removed each of the sim cards from each clasp, before handing them to Nicolai.
Nicolai removed a boot and Louise watched as he bent back the rubber sole and slipped the two cards into a small cutout area inside. As he placed his boot back on Louise went to put back on her skirt.
"No, stop, I have not had any pussy for two months, I need you."
With that he stepped forward and kissed Louise deeply, she could feel his huge erection pushing through his prison overalls into her body, he felt so hard, she keenly leaned into him and thrust her tongue back at him as his passion increased. As they kissed, she slipped off her jacket and quickly undid her blouse, feeling his large hands paw at her half cup bra, pulling on her nipples and dragging her breasts roughly out of the bra cups.
She wanted him inside her now and they had little time, her cunt was soaking. Nicolai broke their kiss for a moment and spun her round pushing her down over the table as he unzipped his overall and pushed it down freeing his huge cock. She instinctively placed her legs apart for him, he grabbed her thong and in one motion pulled it violently over her ass, his strength ripped through the crotch leaving it in tatters.
There was no time for foreplay, and none needed she was dripping and ready for him, she pushed her bottom up to meet him as she felt the swollen head of his cock stretch her tight hole. Groaning deeply, he thrust into her, within a couple of strokes he was buried to the hilt inside her, she was utterly stuffed and felt her orgasm building as her nipples were rubbed against the surface of the cool metal table.
Nicolai was grunting heavily as he gripped her hips and slammed into her willing cunt, a froth of her juice was visible around his cock as he continued to pound into her tight wet pussy. After several minutes she felt him increase his pace and the head of his cock expand even further, with a deep groan he began to cum, thick gouts of cum shot deep inside of her as he emptied his balls in her, he seemed to go on forever as Louise felt jet after jet coat the inside of her pussy.
Finally, he was spent and slipped from her, Louise noted the time and realised they could be found at any minute, she quickly pushed her bra back up and threw her blouse and jacket back on, her thong was useless, she would have to clamp her legs together to stop Nicolai's load escaping.
Nicolai was already zipped back up and catching his breath as she pulled up the zip on her pencil skirt, before quickly sitting back down on her side of the table. Nicolai grinned at her across the table.
"You are still my number one whore Louise, now tell me what Rudaj is up to with my club?"
"He is doing specialist club nights for couples and for men who like greedy girls."
"No surprise there, that is what he does with all his clubs, no class, all about the money, and tell me has he fucked you yet?"
Louise thought there is no point lying so responded. "Yes, he has."
"Of course, Louise, do not be worried we always share our whores, if my father was here, he would also enjoy you and probably my sister too!"
He started to speak again, but changed his next comment as the door began to unlock. Louise looked down and pretended to be finishing off her notes as the officer reappeared. Nicolai spoke "Thank you for the thorough brief."
"Time's up, all done Artof."
Nicolai grunted, winking at Louise before turning towards the officer, he was then escorted out through the door. A minute later Louise was collected and escorted back through the prison, as they walked Louise could feel Nicolai's cum leaking out of her pussy. She attempted to keep her thighs as tight as possible, but only succeeded in coating her entire inner thighs in cum.
She only just made it to the entrance as she felt his cum running down her legs and over her stockings. Louise took off her jacket and threw it in the back seat, then climbed into her car and let out a deep breath, she had done it, she had managed not to get caught and had even got fucked by Nicolai, she was still horny just thinking about what they had done and how easily they could have been caught. This had to be the riskiest thing she had ever done, if they had been found she dare not think what might have happened, she realised the risk turned her on.
She pulled out of the car park and headed back onto the ring road and home, after twenty minutes of driving she realised she was going to have an accident if she did not do something soon. Her legs were now so slick with the cum leaking out from Nicolai, she was sliding about and needed to clean herself up, spotting a picnic area sign ahead she slowed the car.
The picnic area was set back and behind a large semi wooded mound, Louise found herself pulling into a large parking area occupied by only two lorries. There was just enough space between them, and she could not see any activity around the lorries and figured the drivers must be sleeping, so she pulled in and turned off the engine.
The sun was not yet set but the light was starting to fade, Louise quickly unzipped her skirt and shimmied out of it, her legs were covered in cum Nicolai must have shot a good few weeks' worth up her pussy. Her lips were still swollen from her rough fucking, Louise pulled the remains of her thong off, Nicolai had completely ripped out the crotch, pulling the waistband down and over her stockings Louise began to clean herself. To give herself more room and privacy she climbed over the central console into the passenger seat, she could now stretch out her legs.
Using the destroyed thong like a tiny towel she began to mop up the copious cum and wetness from her thighs and dry the slick between her legs, as she focussed on the job, she pushed her hips forward and opened her legs wider, placing one heel on the dashboard to allow better access. She found herself becoming aroused as she rubbed at her lips, all she could see was the back of the lorry in front and she felt exposed to be so openly cleaning her pussy in such a public place.
Anyone could come by and see her, part of her wanted to be caught by some complete stranger, she did not realise it, but she was starting to apply small circular motions to rub her clitoris, a small amount of Nicolais cum still leaked from her but it only aided her fingers. As she strummed her fingers through her lips and across her clit, she closed her eyes and revelled in her exposed position as she masturbated, letting her legs fall open even wider.
In the small copse by the layby the two men finished their food, chucked their rubbish in the bin and got up from the picnic table, they were truck drivers with less time in the gym than on the road, eating junk food and cans of soft drinks. Both sported what was politely referred to as dad bods, though their heavily muscled tattooed arms remained strong from all the manual labour they still carried out as they delivered their loads.
As they emerged from the small wood, the first man suddenly stopped in his tracks and turned to his friend, in a low excited voice he spoke..
"Look at this, bloody hell."
The men looked down from their elevated position on the mound to the car that was now parked between their two lorries. A pair of stocking covered legs could be seen, a blonde inside appeared to have her eyes shut and from her hand movements it looked like she must be playing with herself in broad daylight.
"Fucking gorgeous, do you reckon she's up for it."
"Only one way to find out." The men headed down the slope and swiftly crossed the tarmac to stand by the woman's window.
Louise was concentrating on her approaching orgasm as she suddenly sensed the light changing outside the car, a shadow passed across her window. She opened her eyes and froze, there were two men staring at her through the window. Her heart raced as she noted their hungry looks, they were clearly excited and not angry at her exposure. She relaxed back into her seat.
The men appeared in their late to mid-fifties, both looked unexceptional just typical truckers both in jeans one in a blue t-shirt the other black, she made eye contact with them as they both smiled at her, their lewd gazes taking in her exposed pussy. She decided to give them a show, quickly unbuttoning her blouse she slipped it off her shoulders and reaching behind, unclipped her bra.
She saw one of the men mouth "nice" as he rubbed at his crotch, she licked her lips suggestively encouraging him further. She pulled on her pierced nipples which were now incredibly swollen at these complete strangers watching her, before tracing one hand down to her now soaking pussy.
As she returned to rubbing her clit, she watched both men unzip their jeans and pull out their cocks, the first looked average, the second with the black t-shirt however was very large and already sporting an angry purple swollen head as its owner began to wank at it furiously. Louise looked at the men as they wanked their cocks as she spread herself wider for them. Black t-shirt now signalled for her to wind down her window, Louise hesitated for a moment as she was still secure in the car.
However her appetite for risk won out, she pressed the down button, only intending to lower the window a few inches, but instead the window lowered completely, she left it and watched a hand reach in and stroke at her nipples, before tugging on one and then the other piercing. Blue shirt now leant pass the other man to stroke her legs, inching up her inner thighs.
Louise enjoyed the rough touches as they sought to play with her, however as they both tried to access her body they blocked each other. Louise now wanted to see their cocks and allow them to touch her, so she pushed them back.
The men might have thought she had had enough if it were not for the fact that she opened the door as soon as they stepped back, swinging her legs out and placing one on the door exposing her pussy fully to them both. Black shirt now stepped forward to between her legs and continued wanking, Louise watched as his cock was inches from her entrance.
Without realising she eased her hips further forward, he looked at her and she smiled, he realised she was happy with this so shuffled further forward, his erection now nearly touching her bare cunt. With nothing to lose he deliberately rubbed the head of his cock against her lips, his pre cum connecting them, Louise moaned, that was enough, he pushed forward and entered her pussy, the angle was awkward for him but by bending down he was able to sink fully inside her.
He fucked her roughly, his stubble grazing her chest as he bent over her and licked and sucked at her nipples as they fucked. His weight now on her as he rammed into her pussy, stretching her once more on his thick cock as Louise urged him to fuck her harder. His breathing increased as he responded his balls now slapping against her asshole as he pistoned into her.
After several minutes he groaned and grunted as he unleashed thick ropes of cum into her pussy, mixing with the load Nicolai had already left inside her. He held himself deep inside her until he had finished, his erection finally shrinking as he climbed out of the car. Louise was on the cusp of cumming as blue shirt offered her his hand and pulled her out of the passenger seat and round to the front of his cab.
She assumed he wanted to fuck her from behind and placed her hands on the steps into his cab, pushed her bottom out and assumed a wide stance, the cool breeze felt good on her nipples and being fucked in public increased her arousal once more.
Blue shirt now stepped behind her and began to rub his cock up and down her gaping slit, Louise slipped a hand between her legs and began to frig herself as he started to fuck her. After his mate had opened her up, she could barely feel him, he was obviously equally frustrated as after a few minutes, slipped his cock out.
Louise thought maybe he intended to finish by wanking over her, but then felt his slippery cock head touch her asshole, he pushed forward into her. The slick juices and her arousal allowed him access, he sank into her, and she groaned as he began to fuck her tight ass. He let out a deep growl and began to call her names, black shirt was still watching and was wanking a now revived cock as Louise's ass was thoroughly fucked.
"Fucking whore, what a slut, letting strangers fuck you bareback in broad daylight, what a filthy cunt you are, you dirty fucking bitch." His words and degradation turning her on further, his rough hands gripped her hips as he slammed into her, her fingers now a blur as she reached her own orgasm at the hands of the two strange men. She moaned out load in orgasm just as blue shirt came, shooting multiple loads into her ass, she saw black shirt again sporting a thick erection beside her. She looked up at him and licked her lips, he stepped forward and whilst blue shirt finished fucking her ass, black shirt pushed his cock into her mouth.
He held her head as she sucked him, blue shirt was now wiping his cock on the back of one stocking before tucking himself back into his jeans. She was now deep throating black shirt who was close once more to cumming, he suddenly pulled back and wanked his cock next to her lips, she pushed out her tongue and he rubbed his head over her tongue as he wanked. The image of this naked blonde bent over tonguing his cock sent him over the edge as he shot thick ropes of heavy cum into her mouth and across her face.
He wiped his cock over her face, and she licked him clean as the last dribbles of cum leaked from his now shrinking cock. Without a word he stepped back and pushed his cock back inside his jeans.
Blue shirt, having enjoyed the show, now spoke. "Thanks for the fuck, you are an awesome slut, anytime you need a good fuck come here on a Thursday night we are usually here." With that the two men moved off and headed into their cabs.
Louise realising her exposure quickly climbed back into her car, she grabbed her blouse and used it to wipe down her face, tits, pussy and ass as she was covered in cum. Her lust sated she put her bra back on and put a now sticky blouse back over the top, she left her skirt off she did not want to cover that in cum too.
With a quick look around and noting no other observers she started the car and continued her journey home. After half an hour's drive, she pulled into the drive, John was not home yet and the light was finally fading so she managed to make a quick dash for the door without alerting any suspicion.
Louise headed straight upstairs and jumped into the shower, cleaning herself thoroughly as she mused on the day's adventures. As she climbed out and began to dry herself, she heard John's car and the front door go.