I awoke about 0630 and carefully levered myself out of bed to avoid waking Linda. I went into the bathroom and closed the door to avoid waking her. When I finished showering and drying off I wrapped my towel around my waist and walked to the other bathroom, where I shaved and brushed my teeth.
I found my jeans and a tee shirt and I got dressed quickly and quietly. I was a little tired, and wanted to get a little exercise. I decided to go out for a look around. I brought the paper with me as I took the elevator to the lobby.
I slipped the paper under my arm as I went out to explore the area. The streets were quiet, and the sun was shining. It was a good day to be alive. I reviewed everything that had happened over the previous couple of days and realized that things were moving quite fast. The girls were good friends, but they all seemed to be quite competitive with each other. Women are more naturally competitive than men; the fact that most men don't realize this is a sign of how much more socially adept women generally are.
I saw a coffee shop that was open, and went in for breakfast. I noticed that I was not dressed nearly as well as most of the customers were, but my waitress didn't seem to have a problem with the way I looked. I looked up from my paper as she came over with a coffee pot, a menu and a big smile. I thanked her, took the offered coffee and examined the menu. She took my order with a cheery smile and hurried away.
I was looking at a recap of the news from Vietnam over the previous week. The fighting had been severe in the northwest part of the country and there were several causalities near Cu Chi, not far from Saigon (currently called Ho Chi Min City). The waitress brought my breakfast, looked at what I was reading and asked, "Army or Air Force?"
"Army," I said, "How did you know?"
"You have the look, when did you get back?" she enquired.
"I haven't been to Vietnam yet, I'm going in a few months." I told her.
"Most of the boys who come back start looking at the paper only when they get back." She said. "Enjoy your breakfast; I'll stop by to check on your coffee in a few minutes."
As I ate my breakfast, I looked around. I noticed that my hair was the shortest in the restaurant. I was also the youngest and most fit person in the coffee shop. I thought that was what the waitress might have noticed. I was half way finished when the waitress Sharon came back to refill my coffee. "So, what is 'the look' that I have?" I asked.
She looked at me, recalling our previous conversation, and replied, "Your hair is short, but mostly you have intensity in your eyes. I really don't know how to describe it, but I bet every woman who's ever seen you has noticed it."
I thought about what she had said while I finished my meal. I left a good tip, paid for my meal and went back to the hotel. When I opened the door to the room, Linda was sitting on the sofa naked, crying. She ran up to me, flung her arms around my waist sobbing into my chest. She began speaking to me in Spanish, saying "Where did you go?"
I answered her quietly, in English, since I was much more comfortable in that language: "I didn't want to wake anyone up. We were all up late last night. I wanted to go out for a walk, and I got some breakfast. I came back before I thought you would wake up. I wasn't gone for much more than an hour."
I picked her up and took her toward the back bedroom. As I was carrying her she spoke in Spanish again, "I thought I scared you away. I thought when I asked you to marry me you decided to run away from me. I don't know what to do baby, I can't live without you. I've never felt this strongly about anyone else. I'm losing control of myself and my emotions. I feel like a teenager again."
As I was putting her down on the bed we had slept on, I asked her, "I'm not fluent enough to follow everything you said in Spanish. I think I understood most of what you said, but could you repeat that in English?"
She apologized and repeated what she said in English. She grabbed me tightly around the neck and said, "Just hold me."
I crawled into bed and held her. She began removing my clothes and I helped. She pushed me onto my back and climbed over, straddling my hips. She began wiggling against my crotch and said, "You promised last night that you would fuck me in the morning. I want to collect now."
We made love. It wasn't just lust; I could tell that she put all her feeling into it. Every time that she came, she would collapse onto my chest and hold me for several minutes. After her fourth orgasm, she said to me when she had recovered, "Please cum inside me. I want to feel you cum in me."
I began thrusting into her and moved my hand from where I had been stimulating her clit to her other hip. When I came, I tried to be as quiet as she had been when she came. I rolled her onto her back and began to tingle her. She stared up at me tenderly until she got right near to her plateau, when her eyes rolled and the jerky motions began in her limbs. I only kept her at the peak for a couple of minutes, and then I lay down beside her to hold her.
When she began to move, she held me back, and we tenderly embraced each other. She looked at me and asked, "Would you go out to breakfast with me?"
"I've already eaten, but I'll come with you and have some coffee," I replied.
"We need to shower," she said standing up.
We went into the bathroom and washed each other in the shower. We dried each other off then we each got dressed casually. I double checked to make sure that everyone was still asleep, and told Linda that we needed to be as quick as possible so that we were back before anyone else awoke.
We went down to the coffee shop in the hotel. Linda ordered breakfast and I got some coffee and an English muffin. We talked quietly as we waited. She seemed to be happier than I had seen her in a while. I assumed that it was because she had me all to herself, so I focused all my attention on her. I held her hand, touched her shoulder and whispered endearments to her. I concentrated on her to the exclusion of everything else. The waitress had come up to us to fill our coffee and I hadn't seen her. I still had my head turned as I reached for my cup, putting my hand into the stream of coffee she was pouring. While a little painful, it wasn't disabling.
The waitress hurried to get a towel with cold water and Linda examined my hand. It was a first degree burn, only a little worse than a bad sunburn. Linda told me that she had some first aid ointment in her luggage, and she would get it for me as soon as we went back to the room. I told her that as long as she was around to kiss it, I wouldn't need it.
I held her hand as we walked back up to the suite. I told her, "I want to thank you for this weekend. Being able to spend time with you has been amazing. Not just getting away from the post, but being with you. I don't need to be entertained. You don't need to take me anywhere, just spend time with me. This breakfast has been the most wonderful part of the weekend for me simply because I was able to get to know you better."
Linda smiled at me as she opened the door to the room. We headed into the master bedroom as Linda went to get the ointment out of her luggage. I looked at the bed and saw Cheryl and Carol still asleep, holding each other. I realized that Elle was in the bathroom when I heard her flush the toilet. I went in to kiss her good morning.
Elle was bleary eyed, but showed a big smile when she saw me. She walked up to me, hugged me and kissed me. With her hands on the back of my neck, she said, "Good morning Davey."
"My morning just got even better," I told her.
Her grin got even bigger as she walked over to the shower. As she was adjusting the temperature, I asked her, "Do you need someone to do your back?"
"I thought you'd never offer," she said as Linda came in with the tube of ointment.
I told Linda as Elle got into the shower, "Why don't you strip down and help Elle wash her back. I'll be right in to help."
I walked out to the living room and called room service, ordered coffee and pastries. I then called the front desk to ask what time we needed to checkout. Noon was the answer, so we still had a little more than 3 hours. I stripped down on the way into the bathroom and joined Linda and Elle in the shower. We enjoyed our time together, relaxing in the warm water.
I looked at Linda and noticed that she seemed to be upset, so I asked her "What's wrong?"
"I just started my period." She answered.
I kissed her cheek and told her and said, "I still want to be with you."
Elle looked at her with sympathy and asked her, "Did you bring something?"
"I've got some tampons, but when we get back to the apartment I'll get some pads too." She told her.
I had never watched a woman insert a tampon before, and was fascinated as she propped one leg on the toilet and reached in to insert it. Linda looked at me with an embarrassed grin and said, "You had to watch didn't you?"
"I've never seen anyone do that before, I was curious." I replied.
Linda put on her panties, Elle and I wrapped up in towels. When the knock on the door came, I went to the door and the girls went back into the bedroom. I signed for the breakfast and rolled the cart into the bedroom.
We were talking and laughing as we had our coffee. Cheryl and Carol woke as we were drinking our coffee. I gave Cheryl my coffee cup, and poured the final cup for Carol. We only had four cups, so I shared with Linda.
I told the girls that we had about two and a half hours before we had to check out. Carol got up and went to the bathroom, followed closely by Cheryl. They emerged together laughing after a few minutes.
Cheryl said, "Davey, you need to tingle Carol again before we have to leave to give her something to remember us by. We're leaving and we won't see her again, we don't want her to forget you."
I agreed and told her, "I'll do you as soon as we finish up here."
I put my arms around Linda and Elle who were sitting beside me. Linda would put her cup of coffee to my lips and tilt it up for me; Elle was breaking off small bites of cheese danish and feeding them to me. When I finished eating the bite Elle fed me, she would put her fingers in my mouth for me to suck them clean.
Elle and Linda were giggling at me when I began tenting my towel. Cheryl and Carol came up behind me, resting their breasts on my shoulder.
"Looks like he stopped thinking about breakfast," Cheryl giggled.
"Let's see what he's thinking about," Carol said as she reached for the towel.
Three sets of hands started ripping the towel off of me as Cheryl pulled me flat on my back by my shoulders. I felt hands tugging on my stiffened member and hands cupping my balls. I grabbed Cheryl by her hips and pulled her onto my face. As I began eating her, someone was straddling my hips. I felt myself being enveloped in hot wet vaginal folds, as I began tonguing Cheryl. I felt a pair of hands rubbing my stomach faster and faster as Carol became more and more enthusiastic in her lovemaking.
I heard Elle tell Linda that she was so turned on, and ask her to pleasure her orally. Any reply she may have made was lost in moans of pleasure made by the rest of us. When Cheryl came, she backed up off my face and Carol leaned forward. Her breasts were dragging along my stomach, to my chest and back. I reached out to grab her breasts and pulled them to my face. I sucked alternately on her nipples as she got more and more aroused.
I saw Elle watching Carol's hips bouncing on my crotch. Linda's hair was visible at the juncture of her thighs, with one of Elle's hands on top of her head. I loved the look of lust and ecstasy on her face. The same look was mirrored on Carol's face as she looked over at Elle. Carol leaned over to suckle on Elle's nearest nipple. Carol was so excited that she began cumming almost immediately. Her vaginal contractions felt like smoothly being tugged. The contractions triggered my own orgasm and I pumped her full of my cum.
I rolled her over, got into position and began to tingle her. "Oh lover that feels soooo... gooooodddd ..." Elle began to cum as she watched. Cheryl was looking on closely as she masturbated. When Linda stood up, she worked her way around behind me, held me around the waist and kissed my back.
Carol began the jerky motions when she reached the plateau. The look on her face seemed frozen into a look of surprise, with a long nearly inaudible low moan escaping from her lips. I kept her at the peak for nearly five minutes. Cheryl came before I stopped tingling Carol. When I finished, I moved her to the center of the bed and was about to lie next to her when Elle insisted, "Me too."
Since she had just come a few minutes before, I moved her into position beside Carol and began tingling her. Linda had once again moved behind me and watched over my shoulder while Cheryl moved to Carol's other side to hold her. Carol was finally beginning to recover as Elle reached the peak excitement phase and her disjointed muscle spasms began.
"That is so hot," Carol said as she closely observed Elle's unconscious movements.
Cheryl was watching over her shoulder and massaging Carol's breast as she told her, "It was even hotter watching you. Your boobs were wobbling around; I came while I watched you, seeing it turned me on so much."
I finished after about four minutes, and lay down beside her to hold her. Carol watched closely to see how long it took for her to recover. Within a couple of minutes Elle began showing signs of coming around.
Carol said in confusion, "I would have bet anything that it took a lot longer to recover. It seemed like I lost fifteen minutes."
Cheryl told her, "I'm always surprised when I see it too. It feels like it lasts a whole lot longer."
I asked Carol, "Do you have a lover at home?"
Carol shook her head no and said, "I haven't found anyone I like at home. My husband turned me off to most appropriate men and I haven't looked much at all."
I told her, "Now that you've had it done, you can teach a lover to do it to you. Show him where to hold his one hand, and how to tingle you with the other. When it feels right, tell him and when it's wrong tell him to speed up or slow down. At some point he'll be able to do it without you having to direct him. It may take a while, since if he's doing it right, you'll only be able to talk for less than a minute at a time."
"It took me several months to learn to do it right all the time with my lover. When I tried to do it with my next lover, I had to learn the different way she reacted before I could please her all the time. Now I can do it to most women, I just have to pay attention to their response."
Carol looked at me and then at Cheryl. She then said, "Maybe I'll just send my jet down to pick you up and bring you up to Fort Worth if I need another treatment."
"You're rich?" Linda asked.
Carol answered, "My great granddaddy made a pile of money with the railroad when he was a young man. He was a very smart man, and he used that money to build an empire. Between my brother and me, we own half of downtown Fort Worth. We try to be real quiet about it, but most people in that area know about me, and are always trying to get money out of me. One of the really appealing things about being with all of you is the money doesn't seem to make any difference. I get the feeling that you like me just for me."
"I first thought that Davey had the money, but Cheryl told me that it was Linda. I noticed that it didn't change the way he acted toward me when he found out that my suite was even larger than this one."
"I met my husband while I was in college. I was young and in love, and ignored the signs of future trouble. I know that he loved me, but his pride was wounded by having to survive on my money. After he graduated, we got married. He went into the Air Force to become a pilot, and I went with him to all his bases they sent him to train. I got pregnant right after we were married, and again less than two years later. He made us live like paupers, because he didn't want to embarrass his superiors. If I came here with him we would have been in a budget motel, not a nice one like this."
"After he was shot down, I didn't do anything for about five months, I was ...in shock. Finally my brother came to visit. He took one look at my house and asked what the hell I was doing. Why was I living like I was poor? I had a guest room, he wouldn't stay in it, and he took his family to a luxury hotel and took the penthouse suite. When I saw how my children reacted, I finally came to my senses."
"I moved back to Fort Worth, into the family mansion. I bought out my brother's share and did some remodeling to make it fit my family better. I put my children into the best private schools I could find, and settled into Fort Worth society. Everyone I meet knows all about me when they meet me and I have to be very cautious. Everyone I meet wants my money, not me. When I find someone who doesn't want my money, it's because I haven't looked close enough. I've been hurt too often to not be careful."
That's the reason this weekend has been so wonderful for me. You had no idea who I was, and when Davey discovered I had money, it didn't change the way any of you treated me."
"Davey, you've made me feel like a school girl. I feel desirable again, like I haven't felt in years. I love you more than I've loved anyone else in a long time. When I go back home, I'll be thinking of you, probably for the rest of my life."
Carol's eyes were brimming with tears as we all hugged her. She finally said, "I think I need some more coffee."
I got up and brought the last full coffee pot over and poured for her and Cheryl. Carol looked at me puzzled as I poured for Elle and Linda and asked, "Davey, why is your hand so red?"
I grinned, embarrassed as I admitted, "I went down to breakfast with Linda before anyone else woke up and put my hand over my coffee cup while the waitress was refilling it."
Elle's eyes filled with concern as she said, "It looks painful. Burns are the most painful type of wound."
"It hurts a little bit, but Linda promised to kiss it and make it better." I told them as Linda blushed.
Elle looked at me and said, "I want to kiss it too."
All of the girls murmured their agreement as the put down their coffee cups and pulled me onto the bed. My hand was pulled one at a time to the lips of all the girls until it was Cheryl's turn. She grabbed my rock hard dick and moved in with her lips puckered.
"That's not where I'm burned," I said chuckling.
"I know," she said giggling, "but I figured that if I gave it a big sloppy kiss, it sure would make everything feel better."
We were all laughing as they all began kissing me all over. When Elle straddled me she said, "I have another set of lips that I wanted to kiss you with," as she lowered herself onto me.
Linda got onto my legs behind her and began hefting her breasts and tugging on her nipples and kissing her on the neck. Carol was sucking on my nipple; I was surprised at how good it felt. Cheryl lay down on my other side and began sucking my other nipple and rubbing my stomach. I looked at her and noticed that her free hand was being used to masturbate herself. With Linda on my legs, I was unable to thrust up into Elle very much, so I was reduced to waiting while she fucked me slowly to increase her enjoyment.
Carol had put her head on my chest and moved her hand down to flick Elle's clit and manipulate her to orgasm. Elle lurched forward onto my chest as she came, looking into my eyes. When her orgasmic spasms stopped she said to me, "I love you baby."
She rolled off me, and Carol and Cheryl both got up. Carol looked at Cheryl and pleaded, "Please let me fuck him, when you have to leave I won't be able to see him again for a long time, if ever."
"Okay Honey, you go ahead." Cheryl acquiesced.
Linda got off of my legs and lay down in the spot that Carol had just vacated. Cheryl lay down on her back and began masturbating with both hands as Elle sucked on her nipple and squeezed her other breast.
Carol was leaning forward, dragging her heavy breasts along my chest and stomach. Cheryl began groaning and Carol added her moans as well. I grabbed her hips and began thrusting. Her moans became more insistent as Cheryl began cumming. Cheryl sat up groaning loudly and fell over on her side with her head landing on my shoulder. Watching Cheryl drove Carol to her own orgasm, collapsing on my chest. Her unique vaginal muscle spasms soon urged me to my own blissful heights, as I pumped my sperm into her hungry opening.
We lay still, breathing heavily as we attempted to recover. When we realized that we had only a little over an hour to check out, we quickly showered, dressed and packed. I called down to have a bellman come up to bring a cart up for the luggage. Carol hugged us all, exchanged phone numbers and addresses with the girls. When she got to me, she hugged me enthusiastically, kissed me passionately and whispered to me quietly, "Thank you Davey, you gave me back the best part of my life and I'll always love you for that."
She waived as she walked out the door, and we watched it close sadly. The bellman took the bags, and we went down to check out. Elle and Cheryl went to get the cars, while Linda and I went to the front desk. When the final bill was presented for her signature, I glanced at the total and nearly swallowed my tongue. The bill was nearly as much as I made in two months.
She took her copy of the bill, put it in her purse and walked toward the door. I held the door for her and told her quietly, "We need to talk."
Cheryl was behind the wheel of Linda's car idling while waiting for us. When she saw us, she got out of the car and opened the trunk. I took the luggage and loaded it into the trunk of the car, tipped the bellman and we all got into the car. Cheryl drove and Linda got into the back with me.
Linda grabbed my hands and looked into my eyes and began speaking. "Davey, please don't be mad. I just wanted to take you all out somewhere special. The money means nothing to me. I usually don't spend much more than I earn from the army, and I earn nearly three times as much per month from my investments as the army pays me every year. It doesn't mean near as much as giving you this weekend did to me."
I thought for a moment and then said, "I want you to know that I am not with you for any other reason than I want to spend time with you. If you start spending a lot of money on me, at some point, you will start believing that the reason I like you is because of the money. You are very beautiful, both inside and outside. I don't want to lose you due to a misunderstanding like that. Spend your time with me not your money on me and I'll be happy."
"Oh baby, I love you," she said as she hugged me.
She continued to hold me until we pulled into the apartment parking lot. Elle's car was in the lot, but by now I was sure that she was in the apartment. I took the two heaviest suitcases, Linda and Cheryl each took a suitcase and we moved my overnight case to the trunk of Cheryl's car. Linda went into her own apartment to drop off her suitcase, and then she came up to Cheryl's apartment with us. We put the suitcases into Cheryl's room.
I sat down on the bed; Linda came up, sat on my lap and hugged me. She said to me, "Baby, I've got to work tonight. I didn't get much sleep and with my cramps and all I need to get some sleep. I'll see you soon."
She hugged me again, kissed my cheek, hugged Cheryl, kissed her cheek and left the apartment. Cheryl peeked in on Elle; who was laying nude on her bed with her eyes closed trying to take a nap.
She closed her door and came into the bedroom with me. "Make love to me baby, I think I'm the only one you didn't fuck this morning." Cheryl said.
We made love quietly and tenderly. Afterwards, we held each other and talked. Cheryl told me that she still had another surprise for me later. We continued talking and holding each other until I fell asleep.

****

I awoke at a little after 4pm with several hands rubbing my ass and upper thighs. I looked around and saw Julie; I assumed Tara and Cheryl were on my other side. I looked at her with bleary eyes and told her, "You're entirely too dressed to be doing that, get undressed." I turned the other way and told Tara, "You too."
I rolled over on my back and watched them get undressed for a couple of minutes. They were both a little shy and undressed slowly. I got up and went into the bathroom.
When I came out of the bathroom, both Julie and Tara were nude, on the bed on their knees. Cheryl was dressed, sitting between them. "You seem a little out of place Cheryl, strip." I told her.
Cheryl smiled, stood and stripped while smiling at me. When she was done I told her to sit back down.
I walked up to Julie and examined her body closely. Her hair was a dark red, shoulder length without a hair out of place. Her skin was a little pale, with some freckles on the bridge of her nose, and a few on her shoulder as well. Julie's breasts were very large B's, or small C's with extremely light pink nipples. Her areola was so light colored, and diffused, it was hard to tell how big they were. Julie's pubic patch was thin. The hair color was lighter and the hair density was thinner. The overall effect was to make it look as if she had trimmed her bush.
I grabbed her chin; Looked into her ice blue eyes and told her, "You're really very cute."
Julie's breathing gave away her excitement. It as if she had run five miles. Her eyes flicked down and looked at my rock hard cock. She asked breathlessly, "Can I touch it?"
Interestingly, the question had been asked not of me, but of Cheryl, who answered, "Go ahead."
As she reached out to touch it, I told her, "Before you do that, you need to ask me, and call me sir."
Julie's hand halted in mid motion and she looked into my eyes. Her excitement seemed to double as she begged, "May I please touch it sir?"
I waited a beat for her anticipation to grow, and then gave her permission saying, "Yes you may."
Her hand reached out, slid down the head and delicately wrapped around the shaft and began tugging. She bowed her head in toward me until her nose was only a couple of inches away. Her other hand reached up to join the first, stopped in mid air and she looked up at me and asked, "May I touch your balls with my other hand, sir?"
"Yes you may," I said, giving her permission.
Julie reached the rest of the way and began cupping my balls gently in her hand.
Her breathing became even more pronounced as I told her, "Kiss it."
Her nostrils flared, and a low moan came from her throat as she leaned the rest of the way in. Julie's lips pressed into a small 'o' as she contacted the plumb like head of my cock. I felt the tip of her tongue dart out and touch the source of the pre-cum leaking out. I gave her a couple of moments, and then backed up. She looked at me pleadingly as I told her, "That's enough for now, we'll get back to that later."
I turned and walked over to Tara. I looked at her closely. Her natural hair color was a dark blond, but she had bleached it much lighter. Her skin tone was much more natural than Julie's, and there were a heavy sprinkling of freckles over her face, shoulders chest and back. It was an extremely sexy look. Her breasts were slightly larger than Julie's. I had been spoiled by Cheryl's generous chest size, and unused to the different shape from Tara's younger breasts. Upon closer examination, I realized how large they actually were. Tara's areolas were large and well defined, unlike Julie's'. The dark tan color made them stand out from the freckles on her breasts. I noticed that without stimulation, her nipples were already quite erect, and there was a faint flush on her neck and chest.
There was something about the way she was behaving that took me a moment to figure out. I knew that she was extremely horny, but she was being very quiet. It finally occurred to me that part of what was turning her on so much was that she was an exhibitionist, who did not yet understand this about herself. Being only eighteen, and away from home for the first time, this was her first chance to indulge in her fantasy. I'm sure that Tara had had dreams about being naked in front of other people before, but this was her first actual experience. The fact that I understood this about her and she didn't gave me a tremendous advantage in making this her best sexual experience ever.
As I stared at her, taking everything in, I noticed that her breathing became even more deep and irregular. Her eyes which had been looking at my chest, abs and cock moved to look at the floor. I deduced that Tara was also a submissive who would do anything to please, given the proper training. While I'm not into heavy BDSM, it's most real men's fantasy to have a woman who will do anything for you without question or complaint, plus a sub who is an exhibitionist is real fun to have at parties. I knew that I was going to enjoy this.
I stepped back and told them, "Let's go to the kitchen and have a cup of coffee."
Cheryl led the way, followed closely by Julie; however Tara stopped to bend down and pick up her clothes. I patted her butt and told her, "You won't need those." I watched her cute upside down heart shaped butt wiggle down the hallway in front of me. I could tell that being naked in the living room was a new and exciting experience for her.
We sat on the sofa and talked as Julie and Cheryl made the coffee. Tara was so excited as she talked that her legs were vibrating. Her excitement was in direct proportion to her embarrassment at being on display. I made complimentary comments on various aspects of her body, which turned her on even more.
When Cheryl and Julie came in with the coffee, I took control of the conversation. I extracted all the information I needed about their sexual history. Neither Julie nor Tara were virgins, they were rather inexperienced. There was no history of abuse. Neither had ever had a group sex experience, and only Julie had ever had an experience with another woman, they had masturbated in front of each other.
They had both been on the pill to regulate their period, but stopped during basic training. They had renewed their prescriptions, but had not been taking the pills long enough for them to be effective yet. Neither of the girls had found anyone to have sex with since basic training, and they were both so horny they were hardly able to control their desires.
I told them about the tingler, that they needed to have an orgasm before I started, and that we should get started right away. We all took our empty coffee cups into the kitchen and walked back down the hall to the bedroom.
I told Tara that she would be first, that she would masturbate in front of us while we watched. I had her lie down on the bed and spread her legs. Her embarrassment at being so excited was easily apparent. Her sex had opened up, and was shiny wet with her excitement. I spoke in my most commanding voice, "Do it now."
Her hands moved slowly to her crotch and began rubbing with one hand and using two fingers of the other to enter her vagina. Tara had closed her eyes and turned her face away from me, so I once again told her, "Open your eyes and look at me."
As Tara looked into my eyes, I moved Julie in front of me and began massaging her breast with one hand and teasing her pubic area with the other. Cheryl leaned over and took one of Tara's nipples into her mouth and began teasing it. The flush of excitement/ embarrassment glowed bright red, from the top of her head nearly down to her waist. I began masturbating Julie in earnest when I realized that the sight of her best friend's excited state had her so turned on. As Tara got closer and closer, I pushed Julie down to suckle on her friend's other breast.
The minute Julie's lips touched her nipple, Tara began to cum. Her ecstatic cries were eclipsed by jumping stomach muscles. I gave her a couple of minutes to calm down, and then moved into position to tingle her. She stared at me intently as I moved my hands into position and began.
"Oh my god... Oh my god... what... are... yoooouuuuu... doooiiiiinnnngggg ....." Tara's plaintive cry cut off. Julie began to masturbate herself as she watched when the disjointed, irregular muscle contractions began. I kept her at the peak for three or four minutes then I snuggled in next to her and held her.
"Is she alright?" asked Julie who had moved in behind me and was looking over my shoulder at the insensate friend.
"She'll come out of it in a couple of minutes. It happens to everyone when they get tingled." I told her. "Just wait for your turn."
When Tara began to come out of her fugue she said, "Oh my god that was a million times better than I thought it could be." She looked at me and said, "Oh Dave, I love you." Tara glanced at Cheryl who was looking at her quizzically and corrected herself, "I love you for doing that for me."
"There is a price," I told her, "You have to make Julie cum so that I can do her."
"But... I've never done that before," she said.
"Then you need to get started right away since it may take you a little longer." I told her in my no argument voice.
Julie was stretched out waiting for Tara to begin eating her out. Tara was even more excited to be watched doing something naughty. Cheryl began massaging Julie all over as Tara began licking and sucking her. I moved behind Tara's upturned ass and began stimulating her labia slowly from one end to the other and back. Julie and Tara both began moaning. Tara's ass began arching against my manual onslaught. I looked up and saw that Cheryl had started to straddle Julie's face.
I continued to rub Tara the right way, and watched the rest of the action. I used my other hand to rub her back, with occasional trips down her spine to her ass, then to her stomach, up to her breasts and then to her back once again.
Julie and Cheryl came, one after the other. Tara followed shortly after that. As soon as she was done, I moved into position and began to tingle Julie. Julie began chanting, "Oh shit... Oh shit... OOhhh ssshhhhiiiiittttttttt......" until she trailed off.
Tara was watching, fascinated as Julie lost control of her limbs and began the characteristic disjointed movements. I kept Julie at her plateau for nearly five minutes, and then lay down beside her to hold her.
Tara asked, "Is that what I did?"
"Yes," I told her.
Julie began groaning threw her arms around me tightly and then said, "Oh my god... Oh my fucking god... that was so fucking good... I can't fucking believe it... I've never felt any fucking thing like it before... I fucking love you... I thought it would be fucking good, but that was a thousand fucking times better than I fucking thought it would be. I want to fuck you so fucking much."
Her profanity surprised and amused me. I decided to tease her, "You fucking think it was fucking good?"
"Oh fuck yes," she said without catching on to what I was doing at all.
"I fucking thought it was fucking hot too," said Cheryl while trying to keep a straight face.
"I fucking thought so fucking too," said Tara, who then snorted through her nose.
After the snort, Tara lost control and began laughing. Cheryl looked at her and couldn't help but join in. Seeing what was happening, I too couldn't stop from adding my laugher. Julie looked at us all and asked plaintively, "What's so fucking funny?"
Fresh peals of uncontrollable laughter greeted this request. For some reason the fact that she was the only one who didn't understand why we were laughing made much funnier. When I was finally able to speak, I told her what we were laughing about. When I explained it she thought for a minute and began laughing too, which restarted the rest of us.
The fact that Julie laughed said more about her than her previous profanity. She told us when the laughter wound down, "I fuc... (oh shit) grew up in a house with three older brothers and no mother. It took me years to learn to speak without using profanity. When I get excited, I forget. I'll work on it."
Cheryl hugged her and said, "Why don't you come with me to help cook dinner. It's all ready, I just want a little help getting everything ready."
I told them, "I want you both to get dressed, we'll," I said pointing to Tara, "be out in a few minutes."
The two girls got up and began dressing as Tara lay down in my arms. I began rubbing her all over and we began talking as Cheryl and Julie left the room.
"You turned me on from the first time I saw you. Julie and I used to sit close to you in the break room, so we could watch you and Cheryl. I wanted to be ready to jump on you if you broke up with her. The first time I came up to you, I didn't think that you paid any attention to me, but Cheryl told me that you remembered my name." Tara concluded as she looked at me levelly.
I smiled at her as I asked, "Have you always been an exhibitionist?"
Tara blushed fetchingly and said, "I didn't know I was, but when you made me masturbate in front of everyone, I was so turned on I nearly exploded. I used to have dreams like that when I was younger, being naked in front of a group of people, but I haven't thought about anything like that in a long time. It seems like the more embarrassing it was the more turned on I got. I've never been with a woman before, but when you had me eat Julie, I might have cum without being touched. Knowing you were watching made it so much more exciting."
"The thing that made it most exciting was that you gave me no choice. You told me to do it, and I knew that I had to do what you wanted. Giving you the control made it even more exciting for me." Tara concluded.
I thought about what she said for a few seconds and then told her, "From now on, you will call me sir, and unless I specifically tell you different, whenever we are inside this apartment, you will be naked. Whenever I sit down you will kneel at my feet, holding my leg. You will only speak to me and when I'm around you will only take directions from me. From now on you will answer only to me. I will call you by the name Pet. You may only have an orgasm when I give you specific permission before hand. Do you understand these rules?"
"Yes sir," Tara said immediately
"Good," I told her, "because any infractions of these rules will result in punishment. Do you agree, Pet?"
"Yes sir." She replied.
"Good," I said, "Go get my boxers and jeans and bring them to me."
"Yes sir," she said as she hurried to comply.
I put on the items that she had given me and slipped my feet into my deck shoes I began walking down the hall with Tara following.
When I got to the living room, I sat down on the sofa and Tara immediately kneeled down by my leg and held it. I looked into the kitchen and saw Cheryl and Julie talking by the oven. I told Tara, "I want you to sit on my lap, Pet."
"Yes sir," she said as she immediately stood up and turned to sit in my lap.
"Lean back against my chest and spread you legs wide and put your hands under your thighs." I told her in my command voice.
"Yes sir," she said.
I grasped her with my two hands on her lower abdomen, and then began tickling lightly with the balls of my fingertips. I traced her curves from her breasts to her thighs. I avoided her vulva and nipples, thus teasing them even more. I told her that any minute someone could walk in and see her spread wide and sopping wet. My voice served only to inflame her further.
Cheryl and Julie walked in and sat on the chairs facing the sofa and were watching me tease Tara. I was sure to point this out to her to increase further her level of excitement. I further pointed out that she was the only one of us that was totally naked, and that she was in the living room, right across from the front door.
About that time Cheryl told me that Linda would be dropping by for dinner very soon, and that dinner would be ready in about ten minutes. When I heard that I took the first two fingers of my right hand and put them into her mouth and told her to make them wet. I pulled them out coated in her saliva, and began lightly to manually stimulate her clitoris. Her breathing was extremely irregular; I knew that she was nearly out of her mind with excitement when there was a knock on the door. I redoubled my efforts on her man-in-the-boat as Cheryl got up to open the door.
Tara began begging as soon as Cheryl stood, "Please sir may I cum... I have to cum sir... Sir please may I cum... please, please, please...."
I told her, "No, you have to wait for the rest of your audience."
Cheryl opened the door and let Linda in. Cheryl immediately went back to her seat to watch, and left Linda standing in front of Tara staring with her mouth open, stunned. After twenty seconds or so I told Pet, "You may cum now Pet."
Tara Immediately began groaning, as her orgasmic muscle spasms began. Linda walked over and sat down beside me on the edge of the sofa, staring the whole time at Tara's crotch. After more than a minute, Tara's contractions subsided and she slumped against me. I continued to tease her labia lightly and put a couple of fingers into her vagina.
Linda sat back and kissed me on the cheek and said to me, "Good afternoon Davey: that was the second most unusual greeting I've received to this apartment. I enjoyed it almost as much as the first time, when I first met you."
I chuckled and told her, "Linda, this is Tara. I call her Pet. She can only respond to me when I'm around unless I give her specific permission." I then said to Tara, "Pet, this is Linda, shake her hand and tell her how happy you are to meet her." As I told her this, I once began stimulating Tara's clit and vagina.
Tara, with difficulty, said to Linda, "Hellooo... Linda,... it's niiiiceee ...to meeeet youuuu...." She held out her hand to shake Linda's hand and was having trouble holding her hand still.
Linda took her hand, with a very big smile, and shook her hand and said, "It's nice to see you to. I guess that I won't be seeing much more of you." I looked at her questioningly and she said, "After all Davey, there isn't much more of her to see."
Tara cut across our conversation, begging, "Pleaseee sirrr, may IIIIII cummmmmm?"
I decided not to tease her too much, since having Linda right there looking at her intently was driving her over the edge, so I said, "Yes you may, Pet."
Within seconds, her groaning and writhing announced her orgasm. I grabbed Linda's hand and put it on Tara's stomach and said, "Feel those contractions, this is a real good one."
Linda smiled, rubbed her stomach up to her breasts and said, "I really like her tits too." Linda gave her breast a squeeze and said, "I remember when mine were that firm, I just wish mine were this big. Can I give them a kiss?"
I responded, "Sure, go ahead, I think she'll like that. You'd like Linda to kiss your tits wouldn't you, Pet?"
"Yes please sir." Tara answered, still slumped back into my chest, struggling to breathe normally.
Linda moved in and began kissing, licking and nipping Tara's nipples. I looked over at Cheryl and Julie who were masturbating while watching and asked, "Isn't dinner about ready?"
Cheryl yelped, swiftly got up and ran to the kitchen followed closely by Julie. I looked back at Linda who was leaning back with a smile. I asked her, "Would you like a taste?" as I offered her my fingers.
She said yes and leaned in, right in front of Tara and began sucking on my fingers.
Cheryl and Julie were walking to the table carrying the food and Cheryl announced that dinner was ready. We all walked over to the table. There were only four chairs for the table so Tara kneeled by my feet, holding my leg. I prepared her a plate of food, gave it to her and told her to eat.
The dinner was something I'd never had before. Cheryl had taken hot dogs, split them down the middle, put a small piece of cheese in them and wrapped them in bacon. They were held together by toothpicks and cooked until the cheese melted and the bacon cooked. She served them with hot dog buns, baked beans and potato chips. Maybe not gourmet fare, but perfect for the occasion.
We talked, laughed and flirted during the meal. When I was about done, I looked down at Tara and saw that she was finished and looking at me. I asked her if she would like some more and she said, "Yes please sir."
I fixed her a plate and gave it to her. She politely thanked me, and resumed eating and listening. Cheryl and Linda were telling Julie about our weekend, and Tara listened closely without speaking. She heard all about the sex, the two fights our meeting Carol and the strip club. Julie was fascinated, and asked a few questions. She seemed particularly interested in hearing about our dinner with Bill and Luis.
When we finished, I told Tara to help clean up, do whatever Cheryl told her and that she could talk to Cheryl. I whispered some secret instructions into Cheryl's ear.
Cheryl stayed in the kitchen to direct her efforts, while Linda, Julie and I went back to the living room and sat on the sofa. Linda and Julie sat on either side of me with an arm behind my back and their other hands on my chest and stomach.
"So how long have you known Dave?" Julie asked Linda.
"Tomorrow will be a week; he was visiting Cheryl when I came over. They were both naked, eating pizza, when they invited me in." Linda replied giggling. "Has he tingled you yet?"
Julie answered with a dreamy smile on her face, "Oh god yes, it was so fucking good."
I began laughing softly at Julie's unintentional use of profanity.
Julie looked at me questioningly, and then awareness came to her eyes as she said, "Oh shit... (damn it), I forgot. I promised to try to stop swearing." She told Linda.
"Don't worry too much about it, if he didn't want you around, he wouldn't let you stay. It's not like he needs to keep you around for sex." Linda told her laughingly.
"Are you going out with him too? I thought that he was going out with Cheryl." Julie said.
"I don't know about going out with him, but I fuck the shit out of him every chance I get. Last night and this morning he fucked all four of us and none of us went away unsatisfied." Linda told her. "Cheryl seems to go out hunting for girls for him as often as possible. He doesn't need her to do that, the other night, he was with me, Cheryl and Elle. We were flirting and hanging all over him and the waitress tried to hit on him right in front of us."
"Cheryl really likes to tease him, the other day she had me and Tara rubbing his chest, tummy and ass in school. All she did was watch him and laugh." Julie told her.
"She didn't tell me about that," Linda said.
"Didn't tell you about what?" Cheryl asked as she and Tara rejoined us.
Linda replied, "Julie told me that you had her and Tara tease Davey at school the other day."
"I didn't say anything about the teasing, but that was the first night that Elle joined us. You seemed to enjoy the results alright." Cheryl said chuckling.
"Why don't you girls go on into the bedroom and let me talk to Linda for a minute. I'll be with you shortly." I told Cheryl and Julie. I then patted Tara's head, as she had rejoined me at my feet. "I want you to go into the bedroom as well. You are to make Cheryl cum as many times as you can before I get in there. You may speak until I join you in the bedroom. Do you understand, Pet?"
"Yes sir," she replied.
"Good, stand up and face me." I told her.
"Yes sir," she said as she quickly moved to stand up.
I put my finger into her sex to check her excitement. She was very wet. "You're excited to do that, aren't you?"
Tara blushed prettily, looked at the floor and answered, "Yes sir."
I patted her on the butt and told her, "Hurry along now."
"Yes sir," she replied as she quickly fled down the hall.
"How are you doing, baby?" I asked Linda.
"I'm okay," Linda replied, "just a little uncomfortable with the cramps and that icky feeling I always get during my period. I wanted to tell you I had such a nice time this weekend. You made me feel really special."
I smiled at her and said, "Before I leave for Vietnam, I've got to check whether you'll fit in my duffle bag."
A slow sad smile spread across her face as she said to me, "Please baby, for the next two and a half months that you're here, don't mention Vietnam again. It's all I can do not to go to pieces thinking of what might happen to you over there. I don't think I'll survive if anything happens to you." I realized, after a half moment, that she was serious and changed the subject.
We continued to talk for nearly half an hour, which any man can tell you, means I mostly listened. When the conversation wound down, Linda stood and told me that she was going to take a nap before she had to leave for work.
"I'll give you and those two girls a ride to the post on my way into work. Be ready to leave by ten", Linda told me. She grabbed my face and pulled me down into a gentle kiss, turned around and walked to the door. As she walked through the door she turned around and said to me, "I really do love you, Davey." She closed the door softly as she left.
I heard the sounds of someone's orgasm as I walked down the hall toward the bedroom. The sight that greeted me inspired both lust and laughter. I had previously told Cheryl secretly to make Tara cum while I spoke to Linda, but I could tell that she had outdone herself.
Tara was on her back, with her legs splayed open. Julie had trapped her feet by laying on them, and was busy performing oral sex on her. Tara's orgasm was truly impressive. Her abdominal muscles had tightened up like a steel cable, attempting to sit up. Tara's upper body movement was largely blocked by Cheryl who was on her knees, with her pussy just out of reach of Tara's tongue. Her upper arms were under Cheryl's thighs. Cheryl had Tara's wrists trapped in her hands, and was staring into the orgasmic bliss etched on Tara's face.
Cheryl saw movement out of the corner of her eye, looked up, smiled brightly and said, "Hello Davey."
"Let her up," I told Cheryl and Julie.
The girls let Tara go, and she launched herself at me crying and saying, "I couldn't help it..."
"Quiet!" I said with an intensity that stopped Julie and Tara in their tracks and startled Cheryl. "Tell me what happened." I said to Cheryl.
Cheryl replied, "She made me cum three times, then I trapped her. I had Julie eat her while I held her in place. I think that she came six times."
"That wasn't very nice," I told Cheryl, "You knew want I told her to do."
I then looked at Tara, noticing the tears rolling down her cheeks and said to her, "Do you know what you did wrong?"
"Yeah," Tara whispered, looking down with tears still rolling down her cheeks.
I looked sternly at Tara and said, "You've got to decide if you're serious about hanging out with us, Pet. I gave you only a few rules, first you need to call me Sir when you speak to me. Not yeah, yes Sir. Second, you can't cum without my permission. Before you went into the bedroom, you should have asked if you were allowed to cum, or asked permission. You did neither. You agreed that if there were any infractions of the rules there would be punishment... Do you still agree?"
"Yes Sir," Tara said in a low voice, still looking down.
I sat on the edge of the bed and told her, "Drape yourself over my lap with your hands and feet flat on the floor."
Tara scrambled to quickly comply.
I began rubbing her ass as I spoke, asking her, "How many times did you cum?"
"Seven Sir."
"How many times did you forget to say Sir?"
"Twice Sir."
"So that was nine infractions that I need to punish you for. I'm going to give you a swat for each infraction, and an extra swat to help you remember to think ahead, do you agree?" I asked.
Tara took a deep breath and replied, "Yes Sir."
I ran my fingers through her slippery slit, and noted that the thought of what was coming up had made her very wet indeed. I told her, "With each swat, I want you to count it out loud and thank me. Don't forget to say Sir."
I continued to lightly masturbate her as I looked over at Julie and Cheryl. I noted the frank look of horror, almost disgust on Julie's face and the subtle questioning look that showed only in Cheryl's eyes. Turning back, I then told Julie and Cheryl to come right beside me, as I returned my attention to Tara's ass. I raised my hand and gave her a stinging swat.
"Owww....One, thank you Sir." She said as she clenched her ass cheeks and bounced on my lap. I rubbed her ass until she settled down, then checked her wet slit. It was even wetter than before we started. I raised my hand for the next swat.
In between the ninth and tenth swat, the clenching and moaning were continuous, Tara grunted out, "Nine, thank you Sir. Sir, may I please cum?"
"Not yet," I said as I continued rubbing her ass. Her juices were free flowing down her thighs.
"Please, please, please, please sir... let me cum." Tara implored.
"Not just yet," I said as I raised my hand for the final swat, "but soon."
As soon as I landed the final swat, I quickly rolled her over and told her, "You may cum now." I energetically rubbed her clit as she howled out her orgasm. Her juices pulsed out of her with each contraction.
As she looked at me with her red wet eyes, she said, "Thank you Sir."
I picked her up, put her on the bed and told her, "If you want to cum again, as many times as you want, you have my permission." I then turned to Julie and told her, "Stay in here with her. You can do her or have her do you too. Cheryl and I are going into the other room to talk for a little while, and you are both free to do whatever you wish."
I reached out, grabbed Cheryl's hand and pulled her into the living room with me. I sat down on the sofa and pulled Cheryl onto my lap. I casually began softly stroking her side as I said to her, "Go ahead and ask, I know that you are wondering what that was all about."
For a long moment, Cheryl looked thoughtfully at me. When she finally spoke she asked, "It was obvious that she wanted it, how did you know that's what she wanted?"
"I don't know how I know things like that, I just do. I'm able to read people like that. I know things about you, Linda, Elle, Julie, Tara, that girl at school, Kelly, even your friend Candi."
"Tell me what you know about Candi." Cheryl said.
"Why her?" I asked.
"Out of everyone you mentioned, I know her the best. I just thought that if you told me what you knew about her, I'd be able to check out your conclusions better." Cheryl told me.
"Okay, but before we start, I need to tell you the ground rules. First, think carefully before you ask me to tell you anything. Once I tell you something, you can't un-hear it. Second, if I don't tell you something, there is a reason. You won't be able to talk me into changing my mind. The last thing is, don't say anything about what I tell you to anyone involved. If you agree with these conditions, I'll tell you what you ask."
When she nodded I began. "Your friend, Candi, is in love with you. You were probably her first experience with a woman. If you were to call her, she would get out of bed with whoever she was with, and come right over. It's a little strange, since her primary sexual interest is in men. When you moved here, you stayed the first night with her. She asked you to stay with her, and was disappointed when you refused, she maybe even cried, if not before you left, then after."
"There is something about her that makes you uncomfortable. My guess is that she uses drugs or alcohol to excess. That's just a guess, I really don't have any information, maybe it's just that she wants a serious relationship and you don't."
"That's all you get for now, how did I do?" I asked.
Cheryl looked down and said quietly, "You nailed it, and it isn't drugs or alcohol. She sometimes made me a little uncomfortable. It was subtle, but she was a little possessive. I didn't think of it quite the way you said, but it makes sense. Now tell me about Tara... no, tell me about me."
I looked at her, gave her a small smile and said, "I won't tell you about yourself. You don't know yourself well enough to recognize the truth of what I'd tell you. You're not unique; very few people can understand themselves. That's what leads to a lot of human conflict, differing perceptions. I'll tell you about Tara."
"Tara is very sexually naive. She isn't really bi, but she is willing to do anything to please me. She probably did things sexually that had a high probability of getting caught in an embarrassing situation, such as making love in a bedroom completely naked with the door open during a party. She'd never suggest anything, but would go along with the more risky behavior. She never realized that she was an exhibitionist; she just thought that she was having fun. Tara's extremely submissive. Anything I command her to do, she would do to please me. She might cry in embarrassment, but the more embarrassing it was, the more turned on she would get. I could command her to go to class naked, and she probably would. The reason that she trusts me is she subconsciously realizes that I would never hurt her."
Cheryl looked at me thoughtfully for a moment and them said, "I can see that, but why did she want you to spank her?"
"That was the only I could prove to her that I cared for her. Tara even exaggerated how many times that she came so that I would give her extra swats. When I gave her the one extra swat, to help her remember, she was so excited, she came within five seconds. Male authority figure, so much taller than her, maybe it's a daddy thing."
"Tell me about Julie," Cheryl then said.
"Julie is the most interesting of all. She grew up in a house full of men. She is probably the youngest or nearly the youngest of several siblings. She didn't have a mother to look up to while she was growing up, and never really learned how to act like a girl. She knows that she's a bisexual, but doesn't yet know that she's in love with Tara. She's only interested in me out of curiosity. I'm like the older brother she can have sex with; but she's much more interested in you. To tell the truth, she wouldn't have even come over if Tara didn't want to come."
"You're kidding," Cheryl said.
"No, really, why do you think that I left Tara in there with her? I want the two of them to bond. They share a two man room on post. I'll have Tara make her cum a few times a night, and allow Tara to cum two or three times a week. By the time class is over, hopefully they'll be inseparable." I explained.
I waited a couple of beats and finally asked, "Were you going to ask any other questions?"
"Yes," as an impish smile started to spread across her face. "When are you going to do something about this wet spot under my ass?"
I laughed and said, "She really let go on my jeans, didn't she? Let's go back into the bedroom and take care of both of our wet spots."
Cheryl was giggling as she quickly got up, grabbed my hand and pulled me down the hall to the bedroom.
Julie was lying on her back, and Tara was licking her enthusiastically. Cheryl and I stood in the doorway, with me standing behind, holding her and watching for a couple of moments until Cheryl turned to face me. She kissed me, grabbed my cheeks, looked into my eyes and said, "You're way over dressed." She bent and unfastened my pants. We got into bed on either side of Julie and began sucking her nipples and fondling her breasts. Julie came within a couple of minutes. I cleared the other two girls out and tingled Julie for about two minutes. When I finished, I had Cheryl and Tara tuck in on either side of Julie so that she would recover in comfort.
I got dressed quickly, grabbed Cheryl's keys and went to the car to grab my bag. I pulled out some clean clothes and laid them out for later. I put the clothes I had been wearing with the dirty clothes and walked back to the bedroom.
Tara was kneeling between Cheryl's thighs and Julie was kissing her and stroking her breasts. I sat on the edge of the bed and rubbed Tara's ass. Tara began wiggling excitedly as her moans joined those of Cheryl. I heard Julie whisper into Cheryl's ear, "You have the biggest, prettiest boobs I've ever seen." She then moved down to take the nearest nipple into her mouth.
I told Tara, "You move up to the other nipple and I'll fill in there."
I immediately moved between Cheryl's outstretched legs and inserted myself fully. I knew how sensitive her nipples were, and how the situation was affecting her. I saw the full extent of her arousal in her eyes, as I fell into the natural rhythm we both craved. Julie was looking back and forth between the expressions on both Cheryl and Tara's faces, while she sucked on Cheryl's nipple and masturbated herself.
Suddenly, Cheryl groaned loudly and I noticed that she stopped breathing. Cheryl's orgasmic contractions froze me in place and triggered my own orgasm as well. Cheryl's orgasm continued much longer than mine. I pulled out and moved Tara between Cheryl's thighs to clean her up. I replaced Tara at Cheryl's side and began kissing her. I looked down at Tara and saw that she had pulled her first two fingers from inside Cheryl and was putting them into her mouth.
I heard Julie groan and looked over to see her reaction as she came. I watched as she curled into a ball stretched out stiff then curled up again. I looked at Tara again and saw that she was now retrieving my cum directly and enthusiastically from Cheryl's messy cunt.
Cheryl grabbed me around the neck, pulled until her face was buried into my neck. I squeezed her breast and nibbled on her ear until she came again. When her contractions ended I moved into position and began to tingle her. Julie and Tara were watching closely as Cheryl's eyes rolled back and her disjointed motions began. I kept Cheryl at the plateau phase for about three minutes. When I stopped, I lay down beside her. Tara lay on the other side of Cheryl and Julie spooned in behind her tightly hugging her.
"I love it when you do that, baby." Cheryl said breathily as she began to recover.
"I've got enough left to do it one more time. We've got to get Tara ready for her turn." I said. "Tara, you need to cum so I can tingle you. We'll all watch you. Hurry up, we won't wait forever."
Tara lay on her back. Using both hands, one on her clit and the other digging into the depths of her sloppy wet pussy, she energetically masturbated.
Cheryl said to Julie, loud enough for us all to hear, "I really like to watch her boobs wobble while she gets herself off. I bet she'd like a larger audience."
Julie, playing along, said, "I bet I could put on your robe and flag down a few guys from the apartment complex."
They teased her back and forth for a few more minutes. I noticed that the more humiliating the comment, the more excited Tara became. Within only a few moments I witnessed the largest female orgasm I had ever seen in my entire life. The second she was still, I moved into position and started to tingle her. She transitioned into the plateau phase quicker than I'd ever seen before. I kept her at the peak for as long as I was able to move my arm at the speed required. I know it was more than five minutes, maybe up to seven. I was exhausted when I lay next to Tara to hold her as she recovered.
It was five minutes or so before Tara was fully recovered. I'm a tall man, hard to move; but, she grabbed me around the neck and pulled me all the way on top of her, saying, "Please fuck me sir. I want to fuck you so much. I'll do anything if you'll fuck me."
"Patience, my pet" I chuckled as I held her chin and looked into her eyes. "In a week and a half to two weeks, your birth control will have taken effect and we'll do it then. Until then you'll have something to look forward to."
"I'm going to shower and get dressed; I need a volunteer to do my back." I said, looking at Cheryl, as I got out of bed.
"If you're good, I might do your front too." Cheryl said as she followed me into the bathroom.
We climbed into the shower after the water temperature was ready. We soaked the kinks out of our tired muscles and began to lather up.
"Your period is going to start in the next couple of days, isn't it?" I asked.
"I didn't tell you that. There's no way you could know that. It's not like you've known me for a couple of months, seen all my moods. How could you know that? Cheryl said looking at me intently.
"I told you, I know things about people. I don't always know why or how I know; but I do. The only reason I said something is so when it happens, you'll remember I told you before it happened."
"So, when do you think it will start?"
"Well, just counting the days, Thursday." She replied.
"I'll bet you'll start before we get out of class on Tuesday." I told her.
"What do you want to bet?" She asked.
"I'll need to think about it. What do you want if you win?" I asked as I smiled at her.
"I don't know, I'll think about it too." Cheryl said.
I smiled and said, "I'm getting out of the shower now."
She smiled back and said, "It's about time, you were hogging all the hot water." She reached out and swatted my ass as I climbed out.
"If you don't apologize right now, I'm going to flush the toilet and steal all the rest of the towels." I told her as I hurriedly dried off.
Cheryl laughed as she said, "I'm sorry baby, I just really just wanted to swat your ass: but on the bright side, I think it's a really nice ass."
I laughed as I hung the towel and went to get my clean clothes. Julie and Tara still lay on the bed holding each other and talking. When they heard me, they turned and looked at me intently. I looked at my watch and said, "We've only got about 45 minutes before our ride to the base will be ready. If you want to shower, get it done. Be dressed and ready in 30 minutes in the living room."
The girls disappeared into the bathroom as I headed down the hall to where I laid out my clean clothes. It only took me about a minute and twenty seconds to get dressed. I'd had plenty of practice dressing quickly during basic training. When I was done, I headed back into the bedroom.
Cheryl was coming out of the bathroom wrapped in a towel. She took one look at me, flashed me a dazzlingly sexy smile and said, "You look like you're ready to start the weekend all over again."
I came up behind her, grabbed her around the waist and whispered in her ear, "You," I told her as I ripped off her towel, "are the best dressed woman in the state."
I kissed her neck as she raised an arm, putting a hand on the back of my head and pulling it to her lips for a sensual kiss. She turned around and grabbed me around the neck and kissed a little more urgently. I heard Tara and Julie turn off the shower and said, "Why don't you get ready for bed. I've made arrangements with Linda to take us back to the post, and I already got my suitcase from the car. I put your keys back where I found them."
Cheryl bent down and picked up her towel and said, "I'll stay up with you until you leave."
I nodded, turned around and walked into the living room. Cheryl settled in beside me, draped an arm around me, laid her head on my shoulder and said, "I had a wonderful time this weekend. Julie and Tara won't say anything now either, that's a load off my mind."
"Tara's a little infatuated with me, isn't she." I asked.
"She sure is," Cheryl said brightly.
Just then, Julie and Tara came out of the bedroom, headed for us. I motioned for Tara to sit beside me and for Julie to take the chair next to her. When they had settled down, I began talking.
"I've got some instructions for you, Pet. Every night before you go to sleep, I want you to get totally naked and masturbate to orgasm as quickly as you can in front of Julie. As soon as you cum, you are to eat Julie to three orgasms. After you are done, she can do you once, no more. Do you understand?"
"Yes sir, I understand," Tara said.
I turned to Julie and asked, "You heard what I told her, do you have a problem with that?"
I looked into Julie's bright, excited eyes as she replied, "No sir, that's fine with me."
"One other thing," I said. "I'll need a report every day in class, do you both agree?"
"Yes sir," they both said.
I stood up and all three of the women stood with me. I told Julie and Tara, "Go down to the bottom of the stairs, I'll meet you there in a couple of minutes."
The girls left and I turned to Cheryl. As she wrapped her arms around my neck, I asked, "What did you think of those instructions?"
"I think that they were inspired. Julie will be wet from the time that class lets out until Tara eats her and Tara will start creaming her shorts as soon as she closes the door for the night. The humiliation of getting naked and masturbating in front of Julie will guarantee her a tremendous orgasm... You really do know her."
Cheryl kissed me, dropped her arms to her sides turned around and started walking down the hall, with an extra undulation in her rear. She stopped, turned around, dropped the towel, looked at me and said, "Good night Davey, think about me when you go to bed." She turned around and twitched the rest of the way down the hall. I grabbed my suitcase and went out the door.
I met Julie and Tara at the bottom of the stairs. Tara asked, "Who's taking us back to the post, Sir?"
"Linda is going to drive us. She'll meet us within five minutes." I told her, glancing at my watch. "Don't call me sir in public. Call me Dave, Davey or David."
"Okay," both girls told me.
Tara asked, "Is Linda that extremely beautiful girl that came over tonight?"
I answered, "Yes, she's working tonight and will be leaving for work in a couple of minutes. She offered to give us a ride to the post. I accepted so Cheryl can get some sleep. Please remember to thank her before she drops us off."
"Yes Dave," said Julie.
"Yes David," said Tara.
"You know, Cheryl has the prettiest big fucking boobs I've ever seen." Julie said.
Julie added, "Yeah, I agree. My oldest brother had a girlfriend with boobs almost as big as hers. Once, when he took her up to his room, I hid in his closet to watch. Her boobs looked like a couple of grapefruits in a pair of tube socks."
I was still laughing at that description when I heard Linda's door open.
Linda stepped out, closed and locked her door. I looked at her in her uniform and said, "Good evening, Lieutenant."
The girls both seemed to be uncomfortable, torn between the desire to salute or run.
"Don't start with me Davey," Linda said. "Hello Tara, so that's what you look like dressed, nice."
Tara seemed to be deciding between saluting or blushing as she said, "Thank you lieutenant."
"Call me Linda when we're only with friends, okay?"
"Okay Linda," Tara replied.
"Hi Julie, nice to see you again too," Linda said. "Everybody follow me to the car."
Linda and I started walking toward the car and the girls followed us. I had Julie get in the back seat by herself and Tara in the front seat between me and Linda. I told Tara, "Before you buckle your seatbelt you need to reach under your skirt and pull off your panties and put them in your purse."
Linda looked at me questioningly as Tara blushed deeply while removing her panties. "Tara, why don't you tell Linda what I told you that you have to do, every night right before you go to sleep."
Tara began telling Linda and I reached under her skirt to check her excitement level. The more humiliated she became, the wetter she got. I looked over at Julie and saw that she was highly excited as well.
When Tara completed her tale, I looked at Julie and said, "You seem like you're anxious to get home and start too."
Julie didn't say anything, but gave an embarrassed grin.
I turned back to Tara and told her, "We need to give Linda a brief preview," as I pulled her skirt up to reveal her pubic mound." I spread her legs and put her hands to her wet sex. "Go ahead and show her," I told Tara.
Julie couldn't see the show, but knowing it was going on was driving her wild. It was only three or four minutes to the gate, but I had to tell Tara twice that she wasn't allowed to cum until she was naked in her room. Once we were past the main entrance, we headed for the women's dorm. We dropped the girls off, then Linda drove me to my dorm and parked in the lot. When she parked in the rear, I knew that she wanted to talk.
"Alright baby, tell me what's going on. I only have a few minutes, so make it the Cliff notes version." Linda said.
I said, "Okay, it was the best and quickest way I could think of to guarantee that neither one of them would ever mention you, not even in casual conversation. Tara likes you and is turned on by being humiliated. I just needed to make sure that both of them would be humiliated by telling anyone about the ride home, and make sure that they were both turned on by the time they got home."
I then explained to Linda, like I had to Cheryl how I knew about people and what I had determined about those two. I gave her the same conditions I'd given Cheryl and asked her if she wanted me to tell her about Candi.
"No, but what can you tell me about Cheryl?" Linda asked.
"I think that it would best not to tell you about her. She didn't ask about you, but even if she had, I wouldn't have told her." I explained.
"You're right, Davey. I better get to work. Will I see you tomorrow?" She asked.
"Probably not till Wednesday, we'll all be tired tomorrow and I have an appointment on Tuesday. I hope that you enjoy working nights, I don't think I could do it."
Linda looked at me with a sad smile and said, "I don't think that it'll be my favorite either, but at least I'll get away from my bitch supervisor. She's most of the reason that I lost my rank when I had that problem with the MP. My lawyer thinks that we have a chance to get the penalty reversed. Enough of that for now, I've got to go Davey, I can't wait to see you Wednesday. I'll be naked in bed waiting for you Wednesday afternoon, okay?"
I grinned as I got out of the car and said, "I'll be looking forward to it."
I closed the door, turned and walked into the barracks.
I almost forgot that I'd changed rooms. I quickly unpacked, got a soda, set my alarm turned out the lights and went to bed. I was unable to get right to sleep and kept thinking about what I'd held back about Cheryl and Linda.
Cheryl had the perfect body for me. She was also the sexiest woman I'd ever seen. She liked me a lot, but she was afraid to let herself fall in love with me totally. A large part of it was fear, but some of it was, despite her protest, she had been in love with her high school sweetheart. She primarily heterosexual, but her bisexuality was a way for her to relieve her massive sex drive without feeling that she was cheating on her dead lover. I bothered her in a way that she couldn't figure out how to counter. She tried leading me to other women, even pre-seducing them for me, hoping that I would become distracted and I would stop focusing on her. It hadn't worked, and she was at a loss as to how to deal with me. I think that within the two weeks that we have left in class together she will decide to let go and fall in love with me, or more likely, try to pick a fight with me so that she can break up with me and will feel better when I have to leave.
Linda was a beautiful woman who knew herself and what she wanted, and that was me. She loved me unconditionally and would do anything for my happiness. She felt that she was trying to steal her best friend's boyfriend, and the guilt was hard on her. She was also slightly embarrassed that she was so much older than I was and that I was an not a commissioned officer. I didn't think that she would ever change her mind about me, and would look forward to any time that she could spend with me.
I contemplated these thoughts, remembered the events from the weekend and finally fell asleep.

****

I would like to thank the many people who have written with their comments and questions on my stories. I have tried to answer all of the questions that people have sent me and a note of acknowledgement to all of those who sent me their comments. Thank you.
If you enjoy my story, much of the credit belongs to my hardworking editor Celest. Thank you for your attention to detail. Knowing you will be reviewing what I write, I continue to improve.
Finally, I would like to dedicate this chapter to a friend who very recently lost a long painful battle with cancer. Her courage dwarfed anything I observed under fire.
If you enjoy the story, why not take a few seconds to vote, or write a comment. I do appreciate the feedback - Doc