Sarah Walters regarded the envelope with a mixture of excitement and anticipation. This was what she'd been waiting more than six weeks for, since she sent off her entry into the short story competition in a national magazine.
She sent the entry in under the romance section of the magazine, although she'd originally written it as an erotic piece. She decided to tone it down for this competition. She'd been writing for around twenty years without any success, but felt this was one of the best she'd written.
She tore open the envelope and read the letter. She squealed with excitement. She'd been short-listed for the final five in her category. The finalists were going to be judged in each of the four categories and the winners announced at a gala dinner in two weeks' time.
She was so excited; the dinner was to be held at a top London hotel, accommodation provided for all finalists, dinner and all expenses paid. She couldn't believe it. Then she remembered that Mike, her husband of twenty five years, would still be in Qatar, working on the massive building project. He'd already been away for six months and she missed him like crazy. She missed his humour, his thoughtfulness and care of her, but most of all she missed the closeness, especially when it lead to sex.
She thought about him now. She thought about the last time they'd been together. She'd popped over to see him and stayed in his very swanky hotel with hot-tub and all sorts of luxuries. They'd spent the weekend just relaxing in the room as it was too hot to go out and not much to do anyway. They'd taken all their meals in their room, used the hot tub and had wild sex in air-conditioned luxury.
Now all she had to console her was her faithful 7" 'Mr. Plastic' in the drawer by her bed, and made her way upstairs.
Later, she sat at her ipad and checked the details of the competition online. It listed the names of the judges, some of whom were quite well known. There was a panel of five in all, with a chairperson. It showed the pictures of each judge. The chairwoman was a well-known romantic author. If she could win the award it could open some very useful doors for her.
That evening, she sent Mike the news, sending him details about the award night and the hotel, and sending a link to give him all the details of the competition and asked if there was any way he could slip away for a few days to join her.
'I'm so happy for you my darling, but I'm afraid there is no way I can be there. We've hit some major snags and the client is on my back night and day at the moment. There is a danger we could slip behind schedule, with massive costs to my company.'
Later, they face-timed and performed some naughty things for each other before he had to sleep and she went to prepare dinner for herself.
The two weeks went by in a blur, and when the big day arrived, Sarah was ready. She's shopped for a beautiful outfit, a red, almost cerise-coloured dress, tight on her bust, which showed just the right amount of cleavage. As she had large hips and a full bottom, the result of two fine children who had now fled the nest, she had bought a dress which had a flared skirt. She also bought some new underwear as she felt the dress deserved it, even if she didn't. A plunging bra which showed off her ample bosom tastefully without being too slutty, with matching knickers cut high on the hip, just as she liked them. She thought about tights, but decided against. She thought about black stay-ups and decided that as her legs were nicely tanned, she go bare-legged. With her red three inch heels she set off the ensemble magnificently she thought as she made the final look in the mirror. Her black, shoulder length hair was nicely done by her hairdresser, and she felt like a million dollars. She hoped she didn't look all her fifty five years of age. Even if she didn't win, she was going to make the most of her evening in the spotlight.
She entered the room where the awards were to be held. It was a large room with around twenty large round tables set up with ten places. There were going to be a lot of people here. She looked at the seating plan, only to find that she was seated between two men. Her heart sank. Oh no, what sort of a conversation am I going to have? Sport? Can I discuss romantic fiction? This could be a long night.
Suddenly her phone beeped. She saw she had a message from Mike.
'Hi darling. Are you there?'
'Yes, I'm here just looking at the seating plan. Sat between two guys. Could be a long boring night.'
'I'm sure it won't be. Have a fabulous time. Message later. X'
She signed off with a kiss and made her way to the table. As she arrived, everyone was already seated. She saw the space between the two guys. Both were impeccably turned out in tuxedos and they both stood when they saw her. She quickly took in the contrast between the two men. The age difference was stark, one looked to be in his early fifties and very dapper in a George Clooney sort of way. The other man looked around thirty five. She was pleasantly surprised how 'nice' they both looked.
She introduced herself. 'Hi, I'm Sarah.'
'Hello' said the older man offering his hand 'I'm Bradley, or Brad if you prefer. I'm very pleased to meet you.' Their eyes met. He had a sparkle in his she felt sure.
'Hello Brad. Nice to meet you too.'
She turned to the younger man. He was tall, and looked like he could be a builder. Mike had been as tall and broad shouldered all those years ago when they first met. He had been more a manual worker then, but had worked his way up to management.
'Hi. I'm Ryan. I'm very happy to meet you.' He said, taking her hand. It was very soft. This was no builder, she thought to herself.
'Hello Ryan.'
They all sat and a hum of chatter went round the table, with each making introductions to each other.
'Are you nominated?' asked Ryan.
She regarded him as she answered. His sharp blue eyes were also like Mike's. The likeness was striking.
'Yes. I'm in the romantic fiction section. How about you?'
'Wow. Me too!'
'Really, that's unusual for a man. So we are in competition.' She said with a smile.
'Yes, we are. I do get some mickey taking from my pals from time to time, but I don't mind. I enjoy it. There are a few men who write romance for women, and men.'
They chatted amiably while Brad chatted to the lady on his left. Ryan was a PE teacher at a senior school. He certainly looked to Sarah as if he was fit. He was also a qualified masseur and ran a massage business in his spare time, at evenings and weekends.
'Do you have a large client base?' Sarah asked.
'Oh no. Only a few select clients, they keep me pretty busy.
'What sort of massage?' Sarah was now curious.
'All sorts; sports, full body, anything really.'
'Anything specifically for ladies?' she began teasing him.
'I have one or two ladies for whom I give relief from their pain. If that's what you mean.' He laughed.
He explained that he started to write romantic fiction when he and his girlfriend split. He considered it therapeutic and he'd continued. He enjoyed it. He also let slip that he liked to write erotic stories too. Sarah confessed that her story had started out as an erotic story of steamy sex and she'd edited it to make it a more mainline.
'What's it about then?' he asked.
Well, generally it's about a woman and two men.' She replied. 'She is faced with making a choice between two very different men. One is an older, experienced and knowledgeable man, the sort that has power over people, and the other, younger, less experienced who she can teach things to.'
'And which does she choose?'
'Well, the story doesn't quite say. I left it hanging at the end.'
'Can she have both of them?' asked Brad, suddenly intrigued.
'Well, for one evening, she actually does. In the original version anyway. '
'Wow. I think I'd like to read the original version.' Said Ryan.
'Well, let me have your email address and I'll send you a copy.'
They both laughed.
'And what do you write Brad?' she asked.
'Oh, I don't write any more. I used to. Actually, I'm one of the judges on the panel.'
'Oh.' She said, taken aback. 'So you know who the winners are?'
'No. I just make my choice and let the head judge know. Only she knows the winners.'
'So it's too late to even bribe you now.'
'Oh yes. It has been done. But I wish you luck. I thought your story was excellent.'
'Thank you.' She replied. 'I won't ask any more.'
Brad explained that he was now a businessman, running a successful art gallery and antique business. To Sarah he seemed very sophisticated and educated. She didn't however, feel intimidated by him. In her job as a PA to a CEO of a large car distributor, she'd dealt with many men at board level over the years and at her age, not much fazed her. She held her own in anyone's company.
The dinner was excellent and Sarah enjoyed the company of both men. They all chatted animatedly about literature and writers they all admired. They had a n awful lot in common. Also, she felt that both men were openly flirting with her. At first she was slightly uncomfortable with this as it rarely happened to her these days, but she was also flattered and enjoyed the attention. It could have been a boring, lonely evening. Sarah couldn't be more surprised that she got on so well with them and not a word of sport had been spoken. It was a good job Mike couldn't come. He'd have been bored to tears. Mike liked his sport and always found chances to talk about it.
Later, when dinner was finished, the head judge, the famous author, stood and banged a gavel on the table. The awards were about to start.
The first category, contemporary fiction was awarded, with a runner up followed by a winner.
Eventually, the romantic fiction category came up.
'And the runner up......said the judge. 'For One Fine Day...is Ryan Matthews.'
Ryan stood up. 'Wow' he said.
Sarah was very pleased for him. 'Well done Ryan' she clapped enthusiastically.
He went to collect his runner up prize and posed for pictures while the audience applauded.
'Now,' said the judge as the applause subsided. 'Our top prize. The romantic fiction short story of the year, for A Bouquet of Flowers.....'
'Oh lord.' Said Sarah.
'Sarah Walters.'
The room erupted in applause as she stood, and her whole table stood. She walked to the front of the room with the biggest smile on her face.
She accepted the award then spoke a few words of thanks to the judges, the magazine and the sponsors.
As she walked back to the table, all eyes were on her. Brad and Ryan were also smiling broadly.
'Well done!!' they said, almost in unison.
'Thank you!'
Brad ordered champagne and they drank to Sarah's success. She left the room to message Mike and give him her good news.
'Well done darling. Marvellous news. I'm so happy for you. Clever girl.'
'Thank you my darling.' She began to type. She now felt guilty that she was enjoying the company of two lovely men toasting her success while he was working thousands of miles away.
'I'm having a wonderful evening.' She messaged, her guilt at her enjoyment making her tell him about Brad and Ryan, but not going into too much detail about feeling flattered at their blatant flirting and even feeling slightly aroused at times.
'Darling, I'm so happy for you. Enjoy your evening. Do whatever you want to do.' He replied.
She wondered what THAT meant but dismissed it and went back to the table. She had a thought that she might retire to her room and entertain herself with Mr. Plastic for a while, but when she arrived back in the room there was a band playing. Everyone else at the table had left, leaving Brad and Ryan chatting to each other. They stood as she reached the table. She suddenly didn't want an early night.
'I want to dance.' She announced. 'Who wants to be first?'
'Before that' said Brad, handing her a white envelope, 'we have something for you.'
'What is it?' she asked as she took the envelope, recognising her husband's writing on the outside.
She opened the envelope and took out a single page, a letter which read:
My darling Sarah,
I'm so sorry I can't be there this evening; I would dearly love to have been with you and hope that you are enjoying your evening so far with Brad & Ryan. I know, how did I know that these guys would be sharing your table? I'll explain later.
She looked up at this point to find the two men smiling at her.
I've asked the two guys to look after you this evening and to do anything you want to do and give you whatever you want. I mean ANYTHING.
You can do whatever you like this evening. They are totally at your disposal. You can choose one or both.
The only thing I ask in return is that, in your finest prose, write about your experience and send it me out here in the desert.
With all my love,
Mikexxx
She finished reading and looked up at the two men who were still smiling at her.
She put the letter away in her bag.
'Well, I have MIke's instructions. I expect you know what he said. So, who's first for that dance?'
oooOOOooo
08:40am
Mike Walters emerged from the shower with a towel around his waist and poured himself some coffee.
Just as he was sitting down to the table, his open laptop beeped. An email from Sarah.
He clicked open the email and began to read:
My darling Mike,
It is now around 3.30 in the morning and I've just returned to my room. I know you'll just be getting up at about this time, even though you're not working today. Old habits die hard!
I've had the most wonderful evening, just as you wanted me to have and as you asked, I thought I'd get all the details down now so I don't forget a thing. I hope you enjoy it.
As you know, Brad and Ryan were to entertain me for the evening as you'd arranged and they did a fine job. They are two lovely guys and we all got on really well. I would have loved you to be there with me and who knows, I could have spent the evening with three lovely guys!
When I got back to the banquet room a band was playing. They sounded really good. They were the usual mix of guitars and drums with a male lead and two female backing singers. They also had a fabulous brass section of two trumpets and a sax. The beat was so funky and I was dying to dance as you know I love to. It's such a shame you don't dance as it would have been so much fun. However, I don't know if you also arranged this, but both men were super dancers as well. I danced some ballroom with Brad who is an excellent dancer who led me round the floor like Anton Du Beck! I didn't realise I could dance so well! Ryan was very good with the more modern stuff as he is very fit and an excellent mover.
Ryan dances in a very close, sexy way. Very Latin and we danced to some great salsa numbers by the band. I have to confess, once or twice (or more!) I felt him getting an erection as we danced close together. He didn't hesitate to hold me close by holding on to my ass. I must admit that at times I was getting a bit hot and steamy. I have to confess, that during one slow sensual dance Ryan kissed me on the lips. I was a bit light headed and kissed him back. It was very passionate. Now I was getting damp between my legs!
Anyway, at around 1am the band stopped and it was time to leave. I'd had quite a lot to drink but I wasn't drunk by any means. I think I was ready for bed though (wait for it!).
It turned out that all three of us were on the 5th floor so we headed for the lifts. We reached the fifth floor and turned toward my room.
'Well, this is me.' I said.
'Oh.' Said Brad. 'Don't you fancy a nightcap?'
'I think I may have had a bit too much to drink already.' I replied. 'Unless you have some sparkling water?'
'The only sparkles I have is Veuve Cliquot. I wouldn't consider giving a girl like you anything else.'
He said it in such a way that I couldn't resist.
'Ok.' I said meekly,' which is your room?'
'Just a couple of doors down'
Brads 'room' turned out to be a rather large 'suite.' He quickly showed us where everything was.
As you entered the room there was a large sitting area with a couple of chairs, a sofa opposite and a coffee table in between. Off to the right was the bathroom, which I discovered was very large and very opulent. The shower was one of those whole body showers with jets everywhere and was enormous. (more on that later!)
We entered the bedroom through an opening to the left of the sitting room and the queen size bed was on a raised area which you stepped up to. The sheets were black satin!
I sat on one of the armchairs while Brad opened the champagne and I wondered what I was doing here. What was I going to do here? I know you said that they should entertain me and give me ANYTHING I wanted.
I had had a wonderful evening with two very sexy guys and after all that had gone on during the evening, the drinks I'd had, I was feeling quite horny.
I had been entertained, flirted with, snogged and even touched in a way no one else but you has ever done.
I was feeling very loved at that moment, very horny too. But I wanted you.
As Brad handed me a glass, I made my decision. We clicked glasses and they again toasted my success.
As I sipped my drink, with the two guys sitting opposite me on the sofa, I said:
'Listen guys. I've had one fabulous evening and you've entertained me superbly. You are both lovely, sexy guys and the easiest thing in the world right now, the way I feel, is to make love with you both. But I won't. I can't.'
They both looked at me as if I was mad, then Brad spoke.
'I do understand my darling. Your husband has given you permission to do anything you want. We have been given permission by him to do what you want us to do. But you still feel guilty.'
'You are a very sexy woman Sarah.' said Ryan, making me feel as though I'd somehow let them down.
'Never mind' said Brad. 'We've all had a lovely evening, but I just feel that we should do something for you to tell Mike. He will want a story after all.'
I thought for a minute. I'd been looking at these guys and feeling their bodies against mine. I had several times actually thought about them, naked. Yes Mike. Women do think about men's naked bodies sometimes just like men do. I'd seen their tight trousers, the shape of their bottoms and a bulge in their trousers. I wanted to see a bit of flesh. I wanted to see these guys naked.
Actually, what I would have loved to have done at that moment was swim naked with them. If there was a pool we could swim around naked. I thought about that then. When we'd swum around a bit I'd get them to hold me and play a hose pipe over my clit until I came, just like I did with you that time. If we could all three swim together, that would have been awesome.
'Well.' I said slowly.' I suppose there is something.'
'What?' said Ryan.' Anything.'
'I have been with Mike since were teenagers and, well, I've never actually seen a naked man, er...in the flesh so to speak, only in porn movies.'
There, it was out there.
'No?' said Brad. 'Well, why don't we strip for you? I'm sure Ryan won't mind to.'
'Er..no. Not at all.' said Ryan.
'Would you? Oh lord, that would be amazing. You don't need music or anything. It would be nice just to see your bodies.' I was excited.
'OK.' The guys spoke in unison, and stood to undress.
All evening the guys were wearing tuxedos and looked very sharp early on. During the evening they'd taken off their ties and when we arrived in Brad's room they'd also removed their jackets.
I sat back and watched as they slowly undid their shirts and placed them on the sofa. It was almost a synchronized strip, as they then kicked off their shoes before slipping down their trousers.
After taking their socks off they both stopped and looked at me. I looked them over. Both men are tall around six feet plus. Ryan's upper body is broad and his chest and upper arms very muscular. He was hairless and his nipples were firm. His thighs were also firm and fit, obviously emphasizing his workout regime. He was wearing very tight designer pants with a large and very shapely bulge which I was very curious to see in the flesh.
In contrast, Brad's body was trim but also firm. He had a dark, hairy chest slightly greying to match his head hair. He didn't have an ounce of fat on him either. His underwear was also in contrast to Ryan's as he was wearing loose fitting boxers; however I could tell by the tent in his boxers he was already sporting the start of an erection.
They were both smiling while I looked them over, no trace of embarrassment.
Then I had another idea.
'Why not strip off one at a time?' I said.
'OK'. I'll go first.' said Brad.
He slowly slipped his boxers down and stepped out of them with a flourish. I looked him up and down, feasting my eyes and smiling.
Ryan then followed suit, though he turned his back, reached into the waistband of his tight pants and bent double, sliding them down his legs. Mike, his ass was wonderful, just like yours! He stepped out of them and then turned to face me, his hand covering his penis.
Suddenly with a flourish he took his hand away.
Both men then faced me, stark naked. The differences between the two men was marked. However, by now I was focusing solely on their cocks.
Ryan's was circumcised, like yours so I was quite used to the appearance. It was a good eight inches long and thick, bigger than anything I'd ever seen in the flesh. His balls were large and tight. Brad's was totally the opposite. He was uncircumcised, slightly shorter but also thick. His erection had subsided so I could look at it in it's normal soft state. I'd never seen an uncircumcised penis in the flesh, so it was quite different.
Whereas Brad had a neatly trimmed hair around his, Ryan was completely shaved, and this I did find very sexy. You'll have to do that Mike. I looked at it for several seconds.
Now I looked back at Brad, he was sporting a semi again. His cock seemed to respond just when I looked at it. I was beginning to get very damp knickers.
They both stood, hands on hips while I looked them over.
'Wow'. I said.' You guys are lovely.'
'Anything else madam?' asked Ryan.
I felt brazen by this point.
'Well...?' I said.
'What?' asked Brad.
'Could you get them hard? I've never seen two erections in the flesh either.'
'Easy.' said Brad who was already stroking his to hardness.
I watched it grow in his hand and Ryan followed suit. They very quickly had two massive erections and I was feeling even hornier than before. I wanted to touch them and for them to touch me just then.
The boys continued to stroke themselves.
'Would you like to see us cum?' asked Ryan.
I was moving around in my seat by now. Oh lord I wanted this.
'Oh god. Yes please!' I almost shouted. It was just what I wanted.
They both continued to play with themselves, stroking up and down like I've watched you do. I think Brad had noticed I was aroused as I was feeling quite flush by now.
'Would you like to touch yourself?' he suddenly asked .
'Oh god. Yes I think so.' I badly wanted to touch myself like I'd done for you when we'd played our games together.
'Go ahead.' said Ryan.
I pulled my dress up and slipped my hand down the waistband of my silky red knickers and began to play with my clit. My god I was so wet!
I watched as they continued to slowly stroke their cocks and massage their balls which were also tight by now.
'Why don't you take them off?' suggested Brad. 'I'm sure you'll be more comfortable.'
I slipped my hands up to try and slip them off, I struggled a bit so Ryan stepped forward and pulled them down for me.
I decided to go the whole hog then, slipping my dress off and throwing it on the floor, then taking off my bra, letting my breasts fall out.
'Don't want semen over my new dress.' I said breathlessly. I was expecting a lot of cum flying around before long.
'God no.' said Brad.
The guys feasted on my breasts now. You know big and hard my nipples go when you suck on them? Well, they were like that now. I rubbed them with pleasure as I sat back down in the chair, keeping my legs closed.
I sat and slightly opened my legs to play with my clit, then decided to be totally slutty. I wanted to show them my pussy! How can I say that to you Mike? But I did!
I placed a leg over each arm of the chair and opened my legs wide to them. They must've been able to see how wet I was by now as I slipped a finger inside me.
I heard Brad gasp.
'Wow. What a gorgeous sight, all on display. I have to admit Sarah, I've never seen a shaved pussy in the flesh, so there's a first for both of us.'
I felt so wanton Mike! I wanted to cum so badly.
By now we were close to the edge. I watched the guys' technique, both very different. Ryan stroked the head of his massive cock and rubbed a little area below the head like you do. Brad slid his foreskin back and forth but his eyes never left my open legs.
By this time both men were moaning pretty loudly as I was and I wondered when I would come. Then it all happened at once.
Ryan suddenly grunted loudly and shot a stream of semen over my breasts and belly. That was it. I was over the edge and coming, rubbing my clit faster and faster after stream after sticky stream flew over me and began running down my stomach.
I came down from my orgasm slowly while watching Brad continue his playing.
I lay back and opened my legs wide again as he stepped forward and began to ejaculate over my stomach and pussy. I rubbed the mess into my pussy as both men watched me as they came down from their orgasms.
We all looked at each other.
'Wow, Sarah. You are some woman. You have had us completely under your control all evening. We have done exactly what you wanted.'
I must admit, I did feel very powerful right then.
'Well, I need to shower now.' I said.
'Can we help?' asked Brad.
'It looks as though there's enough room in there so you can soap me down if you like.' I replied.
I got in the shower and the boys took turns in soaping the mess off me. As he was doing it, Ryan's cock came up again, looking so hard and smooth, I wanted to touch it. I soaped my hand as he stood behind me, then turned and took hold of it. I slowly massaged it up and down until he came again, shooting all over the shower screen. Brad watched us while drying off and he became hard again.
Then I thought about you and thought what we could do in a big walk-in shower.
I dried, dressed and bade the boys goodnight, thanking them for a most memorable evening.
Now I'm ready for bed. I will replay the events of the evening and use Mr. Plastic to finish off as I don't have you.
I hope you felt I was a good girl. Now, as you've just read all my news, I imagine you are sitting there with a pretty large bulge in your pants, so why don't you hop back into bed for a while?
I love you so much and can't wait to be in your arms again.
With all my love,
Sarah
Xxxxxx
Mike looked down at the large bulge in his towel and decided to do as Sarah suggested.
As he stood, his towel fell to the floor and he strolled back into his room.