I'm a long-time Literotica reader and I've always wanted to tell this true story. It happened years ago and I've never shared it with anyone. It's my first story; feedback is welcome.
In May 1993 I was 22 and wrapping up my undergrad degree with a couple final summer school classes while I worked part-time at a coffee shop in Anchorage. My long-time roommate and I weren't getting along and our lease was up so I moved in with a couple that was about my same age. I worked with the guy, Tim, and he and his girlfriend Tara needed a roommate to help pay the rent until their lease was up in a few months. They had a dumpy but cheap 2-bedroom near downtown and they had a reputation as an easy-going couple that liked to party, so I moved in. It worked out great, the three of us got along well and became friends.
Tim had just finished school, he was a bright, quiet guy of average height with brown hair. Women found him handsome. His girlfriend Tara was cute, loud, opinionated, and charming. She was a Black Irish type with dark hair and pale skin, also average height, and nice curves. She wasn't a classic beauty but the kind of girl that becomes more beautiful the more you get to know her. Oh, and she had amazing tits. Not huge but perfectly shaped and perky. She dressed conservatively and never showed cleavage, but somehow her breasts always looked like dynamite.
I sensed when first I moved in that she was skeptical of me and she kept her distance. As time passed we bonded during long conversations over coffee and she started to warm up to me. We became friends. By late June, Tara was getting just a bit flirty with me: eye contact, big smiles, and she paid more attention to me. It was innocent stuff but I noticed. It might have been my imagination but she seemed to wear tighter shirts around the house and she caught me staring at her chest a few times and didn't get mad. I had a girlfriend and I wasn't about to try anything with Tara, but the attention made me feel good. I looked forward to being home despite the dumpy apartment. My girlfriend would come over and we used to hear Tim and Tara fuck in their bedroom (very thin walls and doors). I really enjoyed thinking about those tits of Tara's bouncing!
One Saturday night in early July, I went out partying and they separately did as well, which was typical. I stumbled home alone at 1 or 2 am; my girlfriend was out of town. In Anchorage in early July, even at that hour, it doesn't get quite pitch dark and so there was some natural light in the apartment as I opened the apartment door.
As I stepped in I instantly heard them screwing, loudly and drunkenly. Good for them! As I came through the kitchen towards the bedrooms I see their door is wide open! They must have really been drunk. I'm no Peeping Tom but I can't help but look when it's right there in front of me.
With the little bit of light in their room I can see her up on top of him, riding him slowly. From what I can make out her tits look as gorgeous as I expected: perfect, perky, bouncing slowly. I guess I was quiet walking in and they're of course drunk and busy because they don't seem to notice me. Of course I can't tear myself away and my cock starts to come to life. I'm still standing in the kitchen trying to decide what to do when I see her look my way. I'm terrified that I'm busted, but even though it's hard to see her face clearly at that distance I can tell that she's not mad and may even have been smiling. Maybe the door was left open on purpose?
I'm thinking I better get out of there but hell, I had never seen a live couple fuck before and they seemed not to mind. This was the pre-internet era so hell, the most live sex I'd seen besides my own was my parent's Cinemax as a teenager! I see her face lean down to his but I stay put. Finally she stops moving and says in my direction, "You can come in and watch."
A little aside: I was far from a virgin but I'd grown up conservatively and had never done anything kinky. Honestly, I was also nervous about being in a room in a sexual situation with another guy present. I had gay friends back then just like today but it was a more conservative era and any type of MFM was taboo for a straight guy in my social circle.
But I wouldn't be telling you this if I hadn't I put that trepidation aside and went in. I was horny and drunk and I wanted to see those tits up close! So I walked in and they both look at me. She takes charge and says, "we want you to stand close and watch." So I did. Her tits are indeed perfect, with good-sized pink nipples that were very hard. I see his cock going in and out of that pretty, black-haired pussy. Back then pussies were gloriously hairy! They're going very slow and showing off for me, it was sexy as hell. My cock is rock hard and she tells me I can take pull my pants down and jack off if I want. Tim didn't say anything but he smiled.
At this point I had no inhibitions left-I was too horny for that. Five minutes ago I would have felt funny about another dude seeing my hard cock but at this point what the hell! She told me to pull my pants down but I stripped completely nude, put my clothes in a pile, and showed them my cock. It was my turn to show off a bit and I stroked it and stuck it out for them to admire. I was in great shape back then and my cock is 7" and pretty thick. It wasn't porn star material but I was proud of my body and she smiled when she saw it.
I pulled on my cock a bit and fondled my balls, then asked if I could suck her tits. Tim said sure and Tara said, "yes, but that's it." I was in heaven-they were glorious and I licked and kissed and sucked and groped them for a while and she moaned. Her nipples were hard in my mouth. She reached down and explored my cock a bit, played with my balls, stroked it slow. I reached down to try to touch her clit but she didn't want that. She was riding him very slowly and contentedly, enjoying the moment.
After a bit they were ready to cum and she asked me to cum with them. She pushed me off of her tits so she could ride him faster. She reached down and touched her own clit. I stroked myself. They started moaning and cumming...and I did too. I spurted all over them, mostly on her hip and thigh on my side and probably on him too.
After we all came she told me that they'd always wanted to be watched and she smiled at me. I would have climbed in bed with them because I was dying to embrace her and run my hands over her, but I got the sense they were ready to be left alone. So, I grabbed my clothes and left a happy man.
After that night we still flirted a bit but nothing sexual happened again and we never discussed it aside from a suggestive wink. I think I must have fulfilled their fantasy and they were then satisfied to go back to fucking with the door closed. That was ok with me too, my girlfriend came over to my room a lot and none of us ever told her. Tim and Tara's lease ran out after the summer; they left town and meanwhile I graduated and got a real job and a place of my own.