It'd been a bit of time since my latest sexy adventure so I booked a day of annual leave off work. It was around early Autumn time so a bit of the Summer heat was still lingering around and the cold weather hadn't fully kicked in yet.
I slept in until around 8:30am and rolled my naked self out of bed. I put on a pair of white 4 inch stilettos to go through my morning routine in. The heels clunked around the floor to the kitchen bench where I perched myself on a stool and crossed my legs. Bobbing my foot up and down in the heels and feeling the smoothness of my inner thighs rubbing together was already kick starting my sex drive for the day ahead. My breakfast went down quickly followed by the rest of the morning routine.
I stood in front of my bedroom mirror checking out my body. My C cup breasts sagged elegantly and my nipples perked in response to my naked morning routine. My bare mound had an itch to be touched but it was due for a big day of activity so I had to resist the urge.
I swapped the heels over for a pair of tan T-bar sandals for a more wholesome and accidental flashing vibe. I threw on a white push up bra and a white, flowy, linen summer dress. It was reasonably see through, my bra clearly outlined and obviously white. The thought definitely crossed my mind to wear a vibrant g string underneath for everyone to see, but I opted to go pantyless instead. I slung a brown handbag over my shoulder full of my sex toys for the day: various butt plugs, dildos and vibrators.
With that I was off! I hopped in my car and began an hour long drive south of where I lived to a shopping mall a little further away from home to avoid the awkward situation of spreading my legs to somebody I knew. It certainly wasn't a cold day but as my car drove up the ramp to the rooftop carpark my whole body had started shaking. I was feeling nervous but oh so sexy. There was a mid level as well as a ground level to the carpark and they were often the busiest as they were closest to the shops. Normally not too many people would park on the roof and generally about 80% of the car spots were free.
The entry to the shops was on the north eastern corner of the roof, I parked in the south eastern corner, adjacent to the entryway and made my way inside. A gust of wind reminded me how short my dress was as it gently lifted up, flirting with my naked sex. I embraced the lift of my dress briefly before slowly pushing it back down. Unfortunately there wasn't anybody walking on the roof to see my wardrobe malfunction.
I made my way down the escalators from the roof, at the mid level heading down to the ground level an older man was on his way up. I stood on the escalator with my feet shower width apart, leaving a nice gap to my pussy. All I wanted to do was to lift up my dress and show the damn man my pussy but I just couldn't bring myself to. Instead as we passed, I checked in front of me for anybody else before turning around and flicking my dress up all the way to flash my bra and of course my bare pussy towards him for a second before bringing it back down.
The adrenaline of the flash kicked in and I was feeling good! I had a spring in my step as I made my way to the bathrooms, the hem of my dress playfully bouncing behind. In the womens toilets there was a broken cubicle door that wouldn't lock. Making my way into it and leaving it ajar I popped my handbag down, pulled out a tampon and sat on the toilet. Hoisting my dress halfway up my belly, I spread my legs wide open until my knees touched the cubicle walls on either side, and then I waited. I wasn't on my period but it was just an innocent way for me to expose myself to someone to kickstart the sexy day I was after.
Everytime footsteps approached my heart raced and I would look down to my pussy, nudging the tip of the tampon against it, ready for the door to swing open. Many false alarms passed over about 15 minutes but eventually my desire to be seen was met. A woman in maybe her early 30s walked in, I noted her brown leather knee high boots clacking towards the cubicle door. She pushed the door open and I quietly gasped in response. I looked up and forced my eyes to widen, portraying fear, she froze for a second and her brown eyes met mine. My legs remained open and I left my tampon gently nestled against my pussy, my hands conveniently out of the way for a clear line of sight between my legs. If she was observant enough she would notice the lack of panties around my ankles, I wasn't sure what was going through her mind at this point but I was fucking loving it.
"Oh my god I'm so sorry!" She yelled out as she stepped back out and swung the door shut behind her.
"I'm sorry the lock's broken!" I called out after her.
"Oh god." She muttered again under her breath.
The lady went down a couple cubicles as I packed my tampon away and pulled my dress back down. At the same time I heard her unzip her jeans, followed by a trickle of her urine splashing into the toilet bowl. I opened my cubicle and stood by the hand basin directly infront of her cubicle. Turning on the tap to create the sense of washing my hands, I started to rub my clit. I was already quite wet so my finger glided effortlessly in circles. Momentarily lost in the pleasure, I snapped back into 'innocent girl trying to put a tampon in' mode when the cubicle door unlocked and the lady stepped out. Washing our hands together, we repeated a conversation similar to earlier.
I left the toilets first and she followed behind close by, I wondered if she'd noticed I was pantyless, and if she'd noticed my very visible bra through my dress and the lack of underwear lines or shadows down below. Anyway I walked to the department clothes store and by the time I got there I checked over my shoulder and she was gone.
As I was browsing the store I squatted down with my legs open to look at some underwear, the feeling of my heels touching my bare ass really is one of the finer things in life. I was really starting to get horny at this point so I knelt down onto one knee and pressed my heel into my clit. Swaying my hips around I grinded myself onto my heel, the wetness of my sex smearing over my heel and the rear ankle strap of my sandal. Footsteps rapidly approached from in front of me so I slipped my pussy off my heel and focused my eyes on the underwear in front of me. In my avoidance of getting caught masturbating with my heel, my legs were still reasonably wide open as the worker came around the corner. In my peripherals I could see she glanced down at me as she scurried past.
As her steps dampened I looked over my shoulder at her back and gave my clit a few teasy circles. After my tease I picked up a white cotton g string and checked out of the store. The knickers had a triangle at the front before slimming down to a narrow crotch before turning to string for the rear. the sides were also string and met with a cute little triangle at the centre of the rear. I bunched my panties in my hand as I made my way to the food court and sat down on a lounge. There was a decent crowd of people out and about, a murmur of chatter filled the area, an occasional whack from a barista smacking his portafilter on his bang box.
Unravelling my panties, I looked around to see if I had a voyeur, which I didn't at this point and stepped into my panties, standing up to pull them up to my waist. I attracted the attention of a middle aged woman sipping her coffee a few metres away but apart from a brief double take on her behalf I didn't have much of an audience.
Time to change that. I slyly peeled a side of my g string crotch to the centre of my pussy to cheekily expose myself more in the event of an upskirt, which was definitely coming. I got up from the lounge and made my way to the escalator, I took my time, picking an elderly couple making their way to the same escalator to be my audience. As I approached the bottom of the escalator I pulled my hair tie down to my wrist and leant over forwards, flopping my hair over my head so I could collect it all into a ponytail. In doing so my dress rode up at the back and I could feel the aircon draft making its way onto my butt cheeks and the half of my pussy that was hanging out.
Once I had all the hair in one hand I stood upright again and stepped onto the bottom step. My dress had bunched up around my waist a bit so it didn't go back down much to cover my behind. With both my hands in the air tying my ponytail I rode the escalator to the top with the better part of half my ass hanging out and with my feet neatly spread wide enough my pussy and their ill fitting panties too.
I pretended to struggle with getting the last loop around my ponytail as I reached the top and walked around to the next escalator up with my bits still hanging out. The elderly couple followed close behind. When I reached the top of the second escalator I walked to a nearby bench and planted my bare ass onto it. As the couple came into eye shot again I crossed my legs slowly, spreading my legs a little wider than I normally would before the crossover.
As they passed, the guy looked over his shoulder at me, his pervy gaze skipping my eyes and gawking at my legs, exposed all the way up to the side of my ass from my dress riding up so high. I smiled at him as I uncrossed my legs and spread them as wide as I could for him. His eyes widened as I took it a step further and peeled my panties all the way to the side, fully exposing my pussy to him. I slid my finger seductively up my slit before winking at him and getting up off my bench to walk the other way, slowly tugging my dress back down to allow him one last look at my ass.
My panties being half on my pussy was getting uncomfortable so I left them peeled all the way to the side. I made my way to the lift for my next act. As the doors opened to a vacant lift, I pulled out my purple 6 inch suction cup dildo from my handbag and stuck it to the metal lining of the lift, away from the mirrors. I stood up with my back to the dildo and leant back into it guiding the dildo in with my hand. With all the wetness from my last acts it slid straight in and I let out a light moan of pleasure. I held my breath as I leant all the way back in, feeling the dildo nestle its way through inside me. I moaned again. I continued to thrust myself back and forth, the dildo plunging full depth inside me, moaning with every thrust.
The straight shaft felt so good inside me, a little rub of my clit could make me cum just about instantly but I resisted, I wanted to tease myself for longer. I kept driving my hips back and forth, juices oozing out of my hungry pussy, exhaling loudly and seductively, full of pleasure. My heart skipped a beat when the elevator was called and it began to descend. I continued to thrust myself against the wall mounted cock, even as the doors began to open I leaned forward and locked eyes with the middle aged man with his shopping trolley before leaning back against the wall. If he was looking for a girl masturbating he would've read right through me, my mouth tried to smile but all it did was open as the pleasure of a 6 inch shaft made its way fully inside me.
The man went up to the middle floor and hopped out. I called the lift back to the roof, momentarily leaving my dildo hanging on the wall unaccompanied. Sliding back on it, the doors opened at the roof and nobody was there so I lifted my dress up to my chin to clamp it in place, grabbing my tits through my bra I fucked myself as hard and fast as I could on the dildo until the doors shut again. Leaving my dress pulled up I reopened the doors and poked my head around the corner to see if anyone was around. The roof was a ghost town except for the scattered cars parked outside. I walked back into the lift and pulled my dress all the way off, flipping it the right way around so I could put it back on easier in a pinch. Then I tugged my panties down so they wrapped around my ankles and got on my knees and sucked on the dildo.
The taste of my pussy juices shot me to another level of sexual desire as I glanced at myself in the mirror. I felt so hot, down on my knees with my panties down and my dress in the corner, sucking away at the 6 inch cock that I had inside me while standing next to someone in the lift. With one hand fondling my bra, I reached around to my pussy from behind with the other hand and began to finger myself as I nodded my head back and forth, feeling the tip of the dildo deep in my mouth. Just as I felt the beginning of an orgasm forming the lift roared to life. I pulled my mouth off the cock and in a rush to get to my dress I tripped on my panties and fell to my knees again, my hands landing on my dress. I quickly pulled it over my head, putting my arms through the sleeves before bending over and yanking my panties back up, twisted and rolled from all the chaos I brought upon myself. The string waistband of my panties snapped into place as the doors started to open, I rustled my dress down before literally hopping over in front of my dildo.
As the dildo was a hard shaft, I couldn't just lean against it to force it down because it would probably just unsuction itself and flop onto the floor. The dildo sticking out 6 inches meant if I just leant against it, whoever came in could still see it. The doors fully opened and I smiled at an Indian woman with a trolley full of groceries whilst I simultaneously snuck a hand under my dress and pulled my panties to the side again.
"Big family huh?" I nodded at the trolley, peeling the back of my dress up and over the dildo
"Yes, my boys! They eat a lot." I smiled in response to her while a 6 inch dildo penetrated my pussy.
As she pressed the button to go up to the roof I fiddled around in my handbag and 'dropped' a tampon on the ground. Cursing myself for being clumsy, I bent over at the hips to pick it up, my ass pressed firmly against the metal wall, the dildo now stimulating another spot inside me. In the corner of my eye I could see the woman wasn't looking my way so I cheekily slid myself forward and thrusted back against the wall as I stood back up. I continued to thrust another 2 then 3 times before the lift reached the roof. The doors opened and the woman began to wheel her trolley out, she hadn't even exited the lift before I flicked my dress up and dropped my panties to my knees. As the doors started to shut I started fucking the dildo again, my ass slapping hard into the wall as the shaft plunged deep inside me.
"Yeahhh" I moaned as I arched my back and bent over forwards a bit, letting the dildo hit my g spot a few times. I got on my knees again and gave the dildo a quick blowjob, aggressively clutching at my tits through my bra again, swaying my ass side to side, hungry for some more while my pussy juices trickled down my throat.
After a quick suck I stood back up and pounded myself on the dildo again, smearing my juices over my saliva, my pussy so well lubricated the shaft just seamlessly nudged my g spot time and time again. It took every ounce of my will to pull myself off the dildo before orgasming to tease myself even longer. I took my panties off and wiped the dildo dry with the crotch of it. Chucking the dildo back in my handbag, I opened the lift doors and walked outside back to the carpark. I tossed my wet knickers onto the ground in front of the doors and strutted my way back to my car.
My corner of the carpark had no other cars and I had a good vantage point of the panties I dropped by the door. The instant I got in my car I pulled my dress over my head and unclasped my bra. I sat on the centre console and put my feet on the dash, spread as wide as I could. I slowly ran my finger along my slit as I watched for a panty picker.
After a little while a few people had walked past my panties but apart from a couple glances, nothing really came of it yet. Eventually a young guy came out from the door and stopped in his steps to look down. He was probably 19 or so, most likely finished school and just chilling with his life instead of rushing into university or a full time job. He looked between my undies and his surroundings several times before bending down and scooping them up. I rubbed my clit as I watched him run his thumb against the crotch of the fabric, feeling the wetness of my pussy against it. An orgasm instantly crept up on me but I slowed the circles I was running on my clit to edge myself. I slumped back, my pussy aching for release, especially at the sight of someone picking up my panties off the ground like that.
I slid myself off my centre console, leaving behind a smear of sweat from my ass in the black leather. I popped my dress back on, leaving the bra behind in the car. Squatting down outside with the car door as coverage, I pulled out a small silver butt plug with a pink love heart shape on the end of the plug. Using my pussy juices as lube it sild into my ass like a glove. I also brought out my pink vibrator, its designed to be inserted and has a strand that hangs out, it could also link to my phone so I could control the vibrations that way. After inserting that in too and tucking the strand behind the butt plug, I was now double plugged, pantiless and braless, ready for the next wave of mischief.
Now that I had donated my new panties to a horny teenager, it was time to get some more! Thoughts of a skimpier outfit sprung to mind as I danced my way across the rooftop. The sun felt warm on my skin, it was just about the only non-sexual thought I had today. I flapped my dress up and down as I walked, flashing my goods to anyone sitting in their cars paying attention.
Going down the escalator again it hit me what I was doing. Double plugged in a short, sheer dress without any form of undergarments. The wetness between my legs confirmed I was enjoying myself, the sexual thrill was fantastic. As I made my way back to the clothes store I was at earlier, I switched on the vibrator to a low setting. My walking pace slowed to an uneven rate as I buzzed with pleasure between my legs. I guessed it was obvious what I was doing judging from my slow walk with an 'O' face on, but nobody seemed to bat an eye or even glance at me funny. I was having my own little sexy secret.
I innocently bent over at the panty rack, letting my dress ride up midway up my ass. My butt plug and vibrator strand saw daylight as I quickly pulled my dress down as if I had half a shred of modesty. Unsure if I had an onlooker, I slowly loosened my grip as I browsed, pretending to be caught in the moment looking at potential underwear options, which I apparently needed. My dress crept up revealing the pink vibrator first before eventually the shiny love heart between my cheeks. Bending all the way over, I put my arms out to dig through the different pairs of panties and also ridding myself of any decency. Just about my entire ass was hanging out at this point and to make matters even better my vibrator strand popped out from behind my plug. The purr of my vibrator tagged with my exposure drummed up another potential orgasm.
As I leaned back up again and fixed up my dress I looked around behind me to see one of the store workers, a younger guy maybe in his early 20s snap his eyes away. My pussy oozed a little wetness at his reaction as I quickly turned off the vibrator to simmer the building orgasm. I looked at him across the store from me as I put my hand behind my bum to rehook my vibrator strand behind the butt plug again.
I grabbed a pink and a purple pair of panties in the same shape as the last white pair I got and also picked up a white cotton boob tube. My mind raced, I had the urge to walk up to that worker and ask him if he liked what he saw. I envisioned him nodding as I lifted up my dress exposing my pussy to him front on. But I wouldn't stop there, I lifted my dress further up to flash him my tits before asking him to put his hand on my pussy to feel the vibrator working inside me. I snapped back to reality as a female worker hustled past me holding a handful of sale tickets.
The introvert in me wussed out of interacting with the guy. I walked past him on my way out, smiling while looking him square in the eyes. He knew that I knew. He was gonna have a good wank tonight.
After checking out and leaving the store, another naughty idea sprung to mind so I made my way back into the bathrooms. Blessed with an empty room bar a couple locked cubicles, I pulled my dress over my head and shoved it into my purse alongside my new undergarments. Placing the purse on the sink benchtop, I tip toed my way into the cubicle directly in front of it. Locking the door this time, I sat on the toilet, completely naked in my sandals with nothing but my phone on me.
Turning my vibrator on, I sat with my legs spread wide and feet in the air imagining myself getting pounded in missionary. Toilets flushed and footsteps came and went as I rocked back and forth on the seat with every imaginary thrust of a cock inside me. Feeling bold, I stood back up and opened my cubicle door, popping my head around the corner first I was greeted by the sight of an older woman hobbling her way to a cubicle a couple doors down from me.
"Oop, not now." I said aloud.
Shutting the door back and locking it, I wondered what thoughts were going through the lady's mind. Standing with my hands up against the door, I bounced my knees up and down as nothing but pleasure radiated from my pussy. When I heard the cubicle door shut that the lady was going for I grabbed my phone and opened the cubicle door again. All clear this time, I wrestled my purse as I shoved my phone in while a toilet flushed. With the phone away and a couple seconds to spare but still feeling naughty, I turned to face my ass to the rest of the bathroom and quickly did a straight legged bend over to touch the floor before hopping into the cubicle again. I slowly shut the door as I eyed a middle aged woman approach the wash basins. I eyed her off in the mirror but she didn't look my way before I shut the door. Probably a good thing, I could explain the tampon flash earlier today but I had nothing for why I was naked with nothing but a butt plug, a vibrator that was on and a pair of sandals on me.
Feeling extremely sexy and lusting for more, once the footsteps from the woman washing her hands faded away I opened the door again and peeped outside. With nobody in sight I got on my hands and knees and crawled along the bathroom floor. A little gross hygienically but god it felt sexy. Looking under the cubicle doors I saw the older lady from earlier as well as a couple others further down the hall. I crawled until I was in front of the older lady's cubicle and turned to face my ass to her door, spreading my knees widely and my feet even further, I paused and held that position. My heart was beating out of my chest as I stayed put for what felt like an eternity.
Suddenly a toilet flushed and within seconds a door swung open. I was already up but was still running to my cubicle when I saw in the corner of my eyes someone walking out of their cubicle. I wasn't sure if I was caught but I was most certain my pussy was fucking loving it. I barely had time to shut the door before the orgasm I'd been delaying for so long rapidly approached. Without access to my phone and wanting to prolong this sexual build up, I yanked my vibrator from inside me. It slipped straight out with all the wetness between my legs. I held the buzzing, sopping wet toy in my hand as I took deep breaths, a whisker away from release. A poke of a finger to my clit could just about tip me over the edge and make me cum.
Once the coast was clear, I went back out and put my dress back on in the open room. I was almost a little sad I didn't almost get caught again. I decided that it was time to cum, but I wouldn't let myself choose where. Slipping the vibrator back in with ease, I grabbed my things and started the walk back to the car. My body shot back into just about where I left off earlier. I could barely walk straight as I resisted the urge to hike up my dress in front of 30 odd people in the main walkway and fuck myself to cum. I imagined myself moaning as loud as I could as I rubbed my clit while the vibrator buzzed me to an ecstatic orgasm.
Back to reality where I was not quite that bold. As I approached the escalators up I decided to crank the vibrator all the way up with the intention of cumming while holding on the handrail. But my body had other plans, my pussy throbbed in the pre-orgasm build up stage for most of the way up before it finally caved. As the escalator flattened out for me to walk out my legs quivered as the wave of goodness and sexual tension released. My grab rail disappeared as I stumbled toward the bench where I flashed the old man with his wife earlier today. Landing onto the bench buttplug first, I turned around with my legs spread and my body convulsing with pleasure. My vision blurred and my back shivered as I moaned as softly as I could. Cum oozed out from me as I regained focus in my vision, locking eyes with a middle aged man coming up the escalator. Trying my best to close my legs while cumming, I was certain he could see my pussy and some of my pink vibrator, and if he didn't my cross eyed 'O' face was a dead giveaway of what I was up to.
The man broke out into a full grin as he walked past, staring at me all hot and flustered from my orgasm. I brushed a few strands of hair off my face and crossed my legs, smiling back at him. Turning off my vibrator I sat for a moment to get myself together before I uncrossed my legs. Cum was smeared between my thighs and had made its way onto the bench. As someone approached on the escalator I recrossed my legs, making a squelching noise in the process. Acting casual until he passed, I pulled out my purple g string and used the crotch to wipe up the mess on the bench and on my pussy, leaving my legs lightly dribbled in cum for the timebeing. Standing at the top of the escalator while a younger couple came up next, I pretended to rustle around in my purse. With my legs around shoulder width apart, my wet inner thighs were very exposed to them. They both stared while they passed and in my peripherals I caught the woman turning and continuing to look as they walked away. I wiped up my legs with the purple knickers and tossed them onto the ground by the entry way again.
I made my way back to my car with a most pleasant soreness between my legs, cum continuing to ooze out from me. My wet panties all lonely on the concrete floor, left behind. Hopping into the back seat of my car, I yanked my dress over my head and threw on the boob tube. Sinking myself into the seat, I sighed as I began to fully come down from the earlier orgasm.
My relaxed state was only temporary however as I noticed another younger guy pick up my panties on his way out. I shot back to life as I switched my vibrator on and stepped out of the car, using the open car door to cover my bottomless state. I looked his way as I tied my hair into a ponytail, my crotch bare from the panties he was shoving into his pocket. I imagined my cum smearing over his hands before getting all over his pocket, the smell of my sex blessing his jeans. My pussy ached in response. Wrapping up my ponytail, I spread my legs a little apart and bent over into the back seat again, keeping my legs straight.
Sliding my fingers between my legs, I looked over to the guy walking my way still. A red hatchback with green p-plates which looked to be his ride was parked closest to me than all the other cars but was still a decent length away. Drawing circles on my clit with my middle finger while my vibrator did its magic, a second orgasm crept up rather quickly. I alternated between sliding my finger through my slit and rubbing my clit a few times until I could feel my shoulders tense and my knees give way.
I moaned nice and loudly as I was far enough away from him as I came again, looking at his eyes and then his pocket, my tangled wet knickers scrunched in there for him to jerk his cock off to later. Who knows, maybe he'd cum into them too, or even keep it in his closet to wank to for the next few months. One thing I knew was that I felt so fucking hot cumming while looking at him lusting after my panties with my ass and pussy plugged and vibrating.
I collapsed onto a knee with the orgasm as I fumbled for the off switch to my vibrator. I gently rubbed my clit some more as he got in his car and drove off, oblivious to the horny girl fucking her brains out mere metres from him.
Pulling my boob tube over my head to get naked, I pulled out my butt plug and vibrator, a mess of cum was everywhere between my legs. I wiped up my toys with my pink panties before cleaning myself up too, saturating the crotch of them.
After taking a few minutes to recover, I put my dress back on and drove all the way up to the entry, parking between two SUVs directly in front of the glass sliding doors. With the rear of my hatch facing the doors, I hopped out of the car and tossed my panties to the entryway again when nobody was looking. Opening the hatch, I placed my toy bag onto the floor space and rummaged through the contents pretending to look for something. Bending slightly at the hips, I flashed a little bit of my ass cheeks to draw some attention to whoever might've come through.
Putting some sunglasses on, I kept an eye on the rearview mirror to wait for someone to pick up my panties or to see someone check my ass out. That way I could see if they were checking me out without making eye contact.
Although I waited a while for people to come by, it certainly felt electrifying having my bare ass hang out. Most people, women and men alike had a good glance as they entered or exited the building. Checking my pussy out when nobody was around, I could see two drips of my juices slowly drizzling down my pussy. My instinct was to clean it up to make myself look more innocent with my flashing but I ended up deciding against it and left my dripping pussy unattended.
Despite the attention I was receiving by people passing by, my panties still lay on the floor untouched. I was beginning to get a little bored before finally another young guy came up the escalator from inside the glass entry doors. I caught his eyes immediately locking onto my ass all the way up the escalator and up to the doors.
The doors opened and he was presented with my pink panties on the floor, he took his eyes off my ass for a brief second to eye up the pink fabric, barely checking his surroundings before bending down to scoop them up. Simultaneously, I wrapped up my bag and walked around to my rear door, opening it up and bending over inside. Once the top half of my torso was in, I tugged at my dress, sliding it up to flash my entire ass in his direction.
At this point I couldn't see what he was up to, he could've walked off already but I pretended he had stopped to enjoy the view. With my ass out and pussy visibly dripping, I rustled around in my bag again on the seat, bending my knees slightly here and there before straightening them again. I imagined him grabbing my ass from behind and inserting his big hard cock into my wet pussy, taking me to pound town for being such a slutty exhibitionist. But such an embrace never greeted me from behind.
To finish my little show off, I reached into the floor of the rear seat area, lifting up my back leg as a counter balance, keeping both my legs dead straight. I pointed my toes as my left leg passed horizontal, continuing to rise until it diagonally aimed up at the sky.
As i brought my leg back down, I emerged from my rear seat to be surprised by the fact that the guy had in fact stuck around for the show. As I turned he snapped his eyes away and started to walk away, my wet pink panties still in his hand. I pretended not to notice as I fixed up my dress and made my way to the back of the car to shut the hatch, flashing my ass one last time as I reached up.
Parking my car back at the south east corner of the carpark nose first, I changed back into my boobtube and reinserted my vibrator and butt plug. I was feeling super sexy and confident with an insatiable urge to cum throbbing between my legs. Switching the vibrator on, I hopped out of the car, naked with the exception of my boob tube, the pink vibrator wand hanging out between my thighs and a gemstone between my ass cheeks.
I swayed my hips as I strutted to the south west corner, pursing my lips as the vibrator hummed away inside me. Suddenly the roar of a car revving up the ramp to the roof brought me back to reality. The entry and exit ramps to the roof were on the western side, but closer to the north. With no coverage for my shameless state of nudity, I sat down onto my bum, jolting slightly as my plug pressed deeper inside me. Keeping my knees together and feet on the ground pointing towards the car I held my breath as they passed.
A young-ish looking woman sped past without even taking a glance at me, rushing to park by the entryway. I responded to her negligence by laying onto my back and spreading my legs straight out into a wide 'V.'
As she parked I noticed the entry doors open as a few people exited the building, heading to their cars. Changing from my whore-like position, I stood back up and decided to set myself a challenge.
Once the group of people disappeared between their cars, I pulled my boob tube off and slipped my feet out of my sandals. Going down onto my hands and knees and facing side on to everyone else, I did some alternating rear straight leg raises. The mild glute burn drew my attention slightly away from my daring state as I counted 10 on each side. I then flipped onto my side, pussy facing the cars and did 10 straight leg side raises on each side. Exercising while vibrating was turning me on even more than I could realise. My extreme public nudity was helping too of course. The second side definitely felt like it was taking a while but nobody had driven off in their cars yet.
I hopped up onto my feet again and set my feet as far as I could apart without slipping down into the splits, bending over with my ass facing the cars to put my sandals back on. As I was halfway through the second sandal I heard an engine start. My heart raced as I slipped the sandal on and grabbed my boob tube to throw back on. Now facing everyone else side on, a car emerged from the crowds as my boob tube was bundled around my decolletage, the rest of my naked body exposed to them. My nipples stiffened in response as I covered up my breasts and started strutting my way back, ignoring the car approaching my way.
Shivers shot down my spine as the car turned toward the exit, the unknown of whether or not I was being shamefully eyed off or lustfully stared down was turning me on so much. The shivers of excitement turned to compulsions from the vibrator buzzing at my g spot, my ass feeling equally stimulated from the vibrations passing through inside me.
As the car drove off down the exit ramp, I slowed my walking pace to my car. Taking slow, exaggerated steps, I swayed my torso forwards and backwards in sync, my perky nipples begging for daylight through the thin white fabric covering them. I momentarily shut my eyes and put my hands out to my sides, diving my hands up and down through the wind, noting the breeze brush past my naked pussy. Biting my lip as my toys pleasured me, I'd forgotten about the other people in the carpark.
Looking up, two cars had made their way towards the exit, the car in front had slowed right down as I eyed a middle to late aged man staring directly at me. Another man around the same age was in the car behind, throwing a hand in the air, cursing at him to go faster, oblivious to my exhibition a mere stone's throw away. I met the first man's eyes and with my hands still freely floating in the air, flirtatiously waved, flapping my middle three fingers up and down at him.
My pussy dribbled in response, the cars found the exit ramp and I reached my car. Whisking my top off, I freely threw it off the edge of the carpark roof, lifting a leg in the same motion like a ballerina. That was the final act that sent my sex to the edge. I got on my hands and knees, doggy style, next to my car and arched my back with my ass facing the shopping doors. The tension between my legs worked its way up my body as I ushered a moan to myself. The vibrator teased my orgasm ever so slowly along as I bounced my hips back and forth, pretending to fuck one of the 10 or so guys that saw my pussy today. My mind raced back to all the sexual, risky experiences of today as finally my vibrator said yes.
"Yeaaaah!" I cried, as my legs began to shake.
"Fuck!" My chest hit the ground as my orgasm took over, my hands helplessly to the side and my pussy facing the sky and whoever happened to finish shopping at that time.
I froze in ecstasy with my jaw dropped and eyes closed. My body tensed, my ass squeezing tight around my plug as I came. I rolled forward as the orgasm continued, my knees only slightly bent and my ass now facing directly up, my hands scurrying around for a handle.
"Oh, Ohhh, Ohhhhhhh." I moaned as my wave of pleasure peaked and came down.
The moans continued as I slipped the vibrator out, my cum dripping out with it and falling to my clit. Flipping over onto my back and throwing a leg up in the air, I noticed I didn't have a visible voyeur for my orgasm.
"Oh well, their loss." I said to myself as I scooped some cum out and suckled on my fingers, tasting myself. A middle aged looking mum exited the entry doors on the far side of carpark, so I decided to give her a little show. With a leg still in the air I slid my middle finger along my sopping wet slit and alternated between fingering myself and rubbing my clit. Still tender from my orgasm, I wasn't intending on cumming but was just seizing the opportunity to show my naked self off to someone. Unfortunately for my ego, she had no idea I was fucking myself. Taking it as a sign to call it a day, I opened up my car hatch and pulled out my dress. Facing the apparent ghost town of a car park, I ran my hands along my hips and up my torso to cup my breasts, giving them a good shake.
Turning around, I bent over to expose my butt plug one last time before putting my dress back on to drive home after a most adventurous day out.