This story is based on fact. SOME names have been changed, some gaps in knowledge have had to be filled with guess work. The main character Karen, is real, and has helped with the story.
So, Karen was to be an escort. We talked, and eventually decided the idea was not totally abhorrent to us, in fact, we both kind of looked forward to the first job. Karen would actually get paid!
The first two escort jobs were just that. A cocktail party and a retirement party, both times Karen playing the attentive partner who got groped a little by an older date. She was there to look attractive and she did, the 'agency' in the form of Diane, had bought her some outfits, and they were good.
Number three was the one. The first job to involve sex. Karen was met outside the venue by her customer, Darren. Six two ish, fit, neither good or bad looking, collar and tie.
Karen was in a long dress, off one shoulder and a split up the left side all the way to her hip almost, no bra, stockings and suspenders, pale cream panties and small heals. Darren had asked for a tall girl and at six feet, Karen was just right.
There were Germans as well as Brits, a long bar, a few women, a dance floor and a disco. Someone had a birthday it seems. Karen was full of nervous excitement and so drank quite a bit from the free bar.
Darren introduced my wife as his friend, and often held her close, pecked her on the cheek, groped a bit here and there, making out they were very good friends. Karen had been briefed on certain facts to help the subterfuge. They held hands often.
After some while, and drinks, Karen was dancing with quite a few men, including Darren, having a good time, and being paid too. A couple of Darren's mates, lets call them Dave and Tim, got rather hands on later, both having a feel of Karen's breasts and bum during the slow dances, and Darren even more so when at the bar or a table.
Eventually, during speeches and presents, all four were sat in a recess, and Darren had his hand at the top of the split in the dress, on Karen's inner thigh. She got very nervous, which also got her turned on. Before long there were two fingers rubbing her clit from outside her panties. She got wet fast.
The fingers slipped inside the underwear and inside my wife, causing a sharp intake of breath. Darren's right hand was replaced by his left so the right one could slide inside the off shoulder side and grab Karen's left breast. He was squeezing her nipple gently when she came with a soft moan. This must have confirmed anything Tim was thinking and he slid under the table.
Karen was horrified and excited when Tim pulled her panties right off and replaced Darren's fingers with his own tongue. In no time she came again as both men teased the crap out of her. Dave slid over and pulled down the shoulder of the dress to reveal both Karen's breasts, and began to chew her right nipple. She was just powerless to do anything.
As speeches etc. Were ending, a very shaken Karen was recovered up top and left to settle down, unsure of what if anything had been seen by others. She had a few more drinks.
A little more dancing etc. And it was time to go. Tim was driving them all home, except Karen who would be dropped off near home to protect our address. She could get a taxi from there. During the journey hands restarted what had been going on at the recess table, plus a little snogging.
Somewhere on the way home the car pulled over in a side road. Both Dave and Darren had completely removed Karen's dress by this time, and Darren had had her suck his rod while Dave fingered her to at least two orgasms. Her breasts were also well cared for.
In no time Karen was on her back along the rear seat and Darren was on top of her ploughing her for all he was worth. Tim got out and opened a rear door and let Karen's head drop so he could face fuck her, a position she had not experienced before. She struggled for a short while and then somehow relaxed enough to take it, not that there were ten inches or anything like that.
Darren shot inside my wife and as Dave lined up for his turn Tim shot into Karen's throat. She was very surprised later when she realised, it had gone straight into her throat and been swallowed with no trouble at all.
Dave took only a short time and let fly his load into Karen's snatch and congratulated Darren on his choice of woman. As Tim drove on the other two Had Karen lick and suck them clean, only letting her put the dress back on as they arrived at the drop point.
Our own sex life was amazing now, we would fuck in bar toilets or back allies and once in the local woods in broad daylight. The job after Darren was cancelled due to heavy snow, and the following two were simple meet in a hotel, drink, go to a room and screw, go home type jobs. These sort usually meant the customer had been to a meeting and was likely married.
One task was to meet a guy named Ferdy, who was trying to close a deal with some business associates. A taxi dropped my wife at a posh hotel and Ferdy met her in the bar. There was a dinner at which Karen met three other men, all Germans. Only Ferdy spoke much English and so a lot of the time Karen was at a loss re conversation, although Ferdy did include her where he could.
There were of course many drinks to consume, and Karen could tell that she was a subject of chat at times, as the three others would look leeringly at her and smile as they talked. Eventually it was time to retire to a room for a night cap and some paper signing.
Of course there was a little grabbing in the lift, but it was a short ride so no one got very far. Karen was in a pale green outfit with an almost t-shirt like top half and a flared skirt attached at the hip. Bra, panties and shoes, but bare legged this time.
Ferdy had Karen poor drinks while papers were signed, and it was only once that was done was anyone allowed to get to grips with my wife.
None of the guys were particularly good looking, one was a bit tubby, but Karen was learning to ignore looks by now, just hope for some good sex.
In spite of no music, there was a pretence at dancing with Karen being the filling of a sandwich. Tubby undid the zip at the back of the dress and slid it off her shoulders. Sounds of appreciation for what was revealed. Immediately tubby went for the bra and as that fell away he grabbed her breasts from behind, mauling them contentedly.
As best as Karen can remember, she was soon naked and laid on a double bed, while someone ate her out, and Ferdy gave her his cock to suck. Soon she was on all fours and plugged at both ends. Part of the contract was no anal, so when one of them tried it Ferdy waved a finger at him and he stopped. Karen and I would look at that later.
Each man took turns fucking Karen. The tallest of the three pushed her against the window so her breasts were against the glass, and tried to get inside her. Karen was too tall and so he bent her over and, with her hands on the glass, fucked her where passers by could easily see. Karen came her hardest at the thought of people on the street seeing her obviously being shagged, her tits flying and her red chest showing she was coming. With the lights on she couldn't see out.
All four men fucked Karen twice, all shooting inside her apart from one load on her face. When the three clients were satisfied, they prepared to leave as Karen showered.
After a few more drinks Ferdy was ready to fuck Karen again, this time more leisurely in bed, he told her she had been worth the money and sealed the deal for him. There would be a bonus for her.
They slept until the early wake up call, when Ferdy took Karen again, this time once more against the window where, in view of at least three men, she had two big comes before taking yet more sperm in her slit.
When Ferdy passed Karen her cash bonus she felt weirdly excited and very much like a call girl.
I was at work when Karen got home, but as soon as I got there I had her tell me all about it, and of course I fucked her myself. Karen glowed most of the time these days, and yes, the agency did assist with birth control and health checks. After all, my wife was an escort earning them money.