I hadn't seen Mick or Zac for ages. The three of us had grown up together as thick as thieves, sharing everything, good times and bad, through high school and uni. But after graduation, well, careers and life in general, had led to us living pretty separate existences for quite a few years.
So I was quite surprised, but also pleased, when I received a text message one night from Mick suggesting a catch-up at his place on Saturday evening. In fact, it would be a long overdue reunion for the three of us, as he explained in his message that Zac would be there as well. And, to top it off, he wanted to introduce us to a new friend of his, Amy.
Saturday arrived and I spent the morning thinking about past adventures and anticipating the night that lay ahead. I wondered if it might be awkward at first and take a while to get reacquainted; hopefully, it would quickly become just like old times. I was keen to meet Amy, too, and see what she was like. Mick had a knack with pretty girls all through school and uni, much to Zac's and my chagrin, so it kinda set a high bar for his partner to meet. "She is probably pretty special," I thought.
I arrived a polite ten or so minutes late, just after 6pm. It was a pretty nice looking, comfortable house. I knocked and then all of a sudden, the door opened and there was Mick, still in pretty good shape, and with his arms open in a welcoming gesture.
"Brad!" he exclaimed. "Great to see you! Come in. Zac's already here."
I handed him the bottle of shiraz that I had brought ("No need, but thanks," he said) and was ushered inside. Sure enough, the Z-man was there, looking fit but with a beer in hand. It immediately seemed like it was only a few days and not years that had passed since we'd been together last.
"Z-man!"
"Hey there, Brad!" we said simultaneously.
We hugged, and shook hands laughing. It was already great to be hanging with these two guys again. Why hadn't we done this sooner, I wondered?
"Brad," Mick asked, "what can I get you to drink? Champagne, wine or... beer, like Mr Classy, here?"
We laughed.
"Actually, champagne sounds pretty darn good," I said. "A glass of the Widow would be excellent."
Brad gave the thumbs-up and went away to stow the shiraz and pour the champers.
Zac and I filled each other in on the routine stuff like work and what we'd been up to recently. We soon sussed out that neither of us had married or were currently with partners, but we both agreed that we were keen to see what Amy was like.
"Hey have you met her yet?" I asked him.
"No, not yet," he replied. "I think Mick was waiting for you to arrive. Get all the introductions over in one go."
"I wonder what she is like," I said.
"Well," he began, "I predict that she is very pretty. We're talking about Mick's girl here, right?"
"For sure! No doubt she'll be a little nervous meeting you, Z-man," I replied jesting. "I bet Mick has told her about your reputation with women, just to put her on her guard."
We both laughed.
"I doubt it," he responded, "anyway, all that stuff is a long time in the past, now."
Zac was famous, or should I say, infamous, for his womanising ways, his stamina and cock size. He always had an interesting adventure to relate and the three of us had even shared a few adventures, too, once upon a time.
"She'll probably have a pretty good figure, though," he added, thoughtfully.
"Ha, ha," I said, "there you go, old habits die hard."
We laughed and Mick re-entered the room. He passed me a glass of champagne and holding his own champagne glass high said, "May I propose a toast to the three amigos? Great to see everyone together again."
This was seconded by me and thirded by the Z-man to an accompaniment of clinking glass.
There was a rustle from the doorway to the kitchen and an elegant lady in her early twenties entered the room bearing a tray upon which various dips and snacks were tastefully arranged.
"Ah, here she is! Guys," said Mick, putting on his manners, "I'd like you to meet Amy. Amy, this is Brad and this is Zac."
Zac's prediction was accurate: Amy was very pretty, well, make that beautiful. She was tall: almost 6 feet. Her face was pleasingly angular with high cheek bones and she smiled confidently. She had long straight chestnut brown hair that fell down past her shoulders. Her eyes were the deepest blue I'd ever seen. She looked towards each of us in turn, maybe a little nervously, maybe sizing us up, maybe both. Her lips were full, glossed in discreet, dark red lipstick. She had an hourglass figure and a sweetly proportioned bust.
Amy wore a white blouse with the sleeves nonchalantly rolled halfway up, revealing the smooth golden skin of her forearms. Her hands were shapely and long-fingered with neatly clipped nails. Beneath her blouse, of which only the topmost button was undone, could be discerned what was undoubtedly a fine pair of tits: big enough to grab and suck but not heavy enough to sag too much.
Her blouse was tucked into a neat navy skirt that extended to about mid-thigh. The skirt stretched flatly across her wide hips and suggestively hugged the peach-shaped curve of her ass. Her honey-gold legs - what could be seen of them - were toned and shapely. Her feet were bare. Amy was refined, and gorgeously sexy.
Mick must have noticed our cartoonish reaction: jaws dropping, tongues hanging, eyeballs bulging. I'm sure Amy did as well. She looked intelligent and sharp, like she didn't miss a thing.
Amy placed the snacks on the coffee table and then floated over to greet us more properly. She shook our hands in sequence. Her hand felt soft and warm, firm not weak. We made our introductions and small-talk while I continued to take pleasure in her image and movements.
"Pleased to meet you both," Amy said in a honey-smooth voice, "Mick has told me a lot about you two." She smiled so innocently.
"Well," Zac said, "anything Mick says is probably unreliable and should be taken with a grain of salt, you know."
Amy smiled.
"Amy," said Mick a little firmly, "maybe some food for our guests?"
Amy glanced towards Mick and then lowering her gaze, chose two pieces of the hors d'oeuvres and offering them in her fingers, placed them both into our mouths. I made sure that my tongue touched her fingertips. "That was kind of unconventional and erotic," I thought.
"Thank you, Amy," Mick smiled. "Isn't she something?" he said to us, as Amy left to recover the champagne bottle and refresh our drinks.
"She sure is," I replied.
"Where in the hell do you find these gorgeous women, Mick?" Zac demanded. "And more importantly, how do get them to even give you the time of day?"
"Ha, suck on a lemon, Z-man!" Mick laughed. "But, I admit, Amy is a bit different. I didn't 'find' her, really," Mick whispered, "that's the interesting part, but I'll tell you the story later."
Amy re-entered bringing the bottle of champagne and another beer for Zac. As Amy held the long flute of my glass and poured my drink, the champagne suddenly hissed and released its foam over the lip of the flute. She opened Zac's beer and it frothed out from the neck of the bottle. It was as if our drinks were cumming under her touch and betraying our innermost desires.
We were all standing around the coffee table with Amy next to Mick on one side, while Zac and I occupied the opposite corners. What happened next still surprises me and I think about it often. We were just making small-talk, there was no warning and Mick was just rattling on about work.
"Well," Mick was saying, "business is pretty good at the moment. Lots of special orders and some nice fringe benefits."
As Mick said, "fringe benefits," he placed his glass on the coffee table and while he continued to talk about his work, he stood directly behind Amy and reaching around her with both hands, began to fondle her tits through her blouse. Right there! Right in front of us! Amy wriggled awkwardly but didn't really try to get away or say anything.
"There's a big job coming up," Mick kept explaining, "over near the airport, in a few weeks."
I felt something big was coming up in my pants.
I glanced at Zac, he was amused and smiling, less shocked than me, I thought. Mick had undone a couple of buttons of Amy's blouse and a white lacy bra, together with some cleavage, was visible.
"Probably take about a few months to complete," he continued, not missing a beat. His hands strayed down over Amy's hips to her thighs. His left hand moved under Amy's skirt and groped her pelvic area. Flashes of white cotton panties were visible.
"Not sure if I will be able to find all the tradies I need, though," he mused. "Some skills are pretty short at the moment."
Still standing behind Amy, his hands returned to the blouse and undid the remaining buttons. The open blouse fell away from Amy's chest like drawn stage curtains at the start of a show. Mick returned his attention to Amy's bra and groped and squeezed Amy's tits in their lacy cups.
"I've a few good friends in the labour hire firms," Mick concluded, "so, hopefully I'll be able to pull it off."
Suddenly, and a little roughly, he pulled Amy's blouse down and off her. Amy was not expecting it and she looked startled. Her arms instinctively moved to cover herself but Mick, reaching from behind, guided them back to her side.
Amy stood still before us in her skirt and bra. She looked a little unsure but said nothing. Inside their cups, her fleshy tits were both lifted and separated. The cups were low-cut and barely covered her nipples.
"And it could uncover other interesting opportunities," Mick said, presumably still talking about business.
One shoulder after the other, he slipped off the straps of Amy's brassière and unclipped the back-strap. He eased the bra from Amy's breasts and tossed it onto a chair. The bra left faint red pressure marks in Amy's skin under her breasts.
Amy's tits were choice. Fleshy, and not too large, each tit was like a soft, sweet cone dipped in chocolate: the honeyed breast meat tapered to a dark-brown circular tip of areola that was already bumpy and darkly crinkling; at its point, a hardening nipple rose like a soft cylinder. It wasn't a cold evening, so I took the look of her teats as a sign of Amy's own arousal.
Mick now freely groped Amy's naked breasts in front of us. He took them in his hands and squeezed them, pushing them together so that the nipples stared at us like the eyes of an erotic owl.
"Well," he asked, still holding the twin globes of honeyed flesh, "what do you think?"
"Bloody nice," was Zac's appraisal.
"Come here. Feel the quality," Mick offered, "don't be shy."
Amy was still and silent and her eyes seemed fixed on something in the distance that no-one else could see.
Zac and I approached on either side in a pincer movement. Mick's hands reluctantly withdrew and Zac and I took a breast each.
I lifted Amy's right breast with my right hand and felt its warmth, its softness, its weight. My thumb glided over the nipple which had risen hard and assertive from the otherwise soft cone of flesh. Zac was similarly kneading Amy's left tit. Mick looked on, smiling.
Amy remained still, allowing us to freely grope her tits. Zac and I lowered our mouths towards the tips of Amy's sexy teats. My tongue reached out to flick the nipple, feel its shape, its texture, tease it. I soon took the entire areola into my mouth and gently sucked, before indulging some light biting and more licking.
Amy must have felt a tingling inside her body from the nipple play: she arched her back slightly and sighed. Her breathing was becoming faster and she closed her fists tightly.
Zac and I were teasing and twisting Amy's nipples between our thumb and forefinger. Amy now seemed to really enjoy the nipple play and looked a little sad, as if she was just getting going, when Mick slid his hands around from behind to cover her tits and pause our manhandling of her titular globes.
"Guys," he said, "I want to show you something special."
He led Amy, who was still in her skirt, by the hand, over to the lounge. Her tits hardly wobbled as she walked. She once again looked a little nervous. Reluctant. Maybe afraid.
The lounge was low with deep seat-cushions and soft, wide armrests. Mick bent Amy over the curved arm of the lounge; her face buried amongst the cushions on the seats, her still-skirted ass faced the ceiling.
Mick roughly pushed Amy's skirt up and over her hips. It was just loose enough. The white cotton of her panties stretched across the contours of Amy's ass-cheeks and the valley created between them in a complex Frei Otto-surface.
Without any ceremony, Mick suddenly pulled the white cotton panties aggressively down to her knees, ripping them in doing so. Lying over the arm of the lounge as she was, Amy's clenched ass was in full muscular view. After a few moments, she allowed her ass-cheeks to untense and as they relaxed, they spread open slightly, allowing the lovely crack of her ass to be glimpsed. My eyes followed the smooth groove from its beginning at the base of her back, between the smooth mounds of her ass-cheeks to the bridge of her perineum. Below the asterisk of her asshole, nestled in the notch at the top of her honey thighs, lay the outer lips of Amy's cunt, covered with light, wispy hair and still closed tightly like a clam in a straight, vertical line. Her knees remained bound together by the remnants of the torn white cotton panties. It was a beautiful sight.
Her cunt-pelt was blonde, not dark. "That's surprising," I thought to myself. "Maybe it's dyed, or her hair is dyed, or maybe she is wearing a wig?"
"Well," Mick asked spreading her ass cheeks wider to offer a better view, "what do you think of Amy?"
In response, we felt our boners growing in our groins and rubbed them through our pants.
"I like what I see," I said.
"She looks good enough to eat," Zac added, as he traced a finger along the groove of her ass-crack, lightly touching the dimple of her sphincter causing Amy to squirm erotically.
I let my hand play along the soft inside of Amy's upper thigh, always one of the sexiest parts of a woman to feel, and then let my fingers follow the strong tendon that connected to her pubis and played with her still closed cunt-lips for the first time. Her blonde pelt was like silk.
Mick removed Amy's panties entirely and unzipped Amy's skirt. He peeled the skirt from her prone body leaving her fully naked before the three of us. God, she was gorgeous!
Mick spread Amy's legs apart so that she was now splayed across the arm of the lounge in the most explicit manner. He bent down and started to lick along her cunt-line, tasting the juice from her neat slit. His tongue continued across the perineum to lick at her asshole. He finished by gliding his tongue upwards and out along the line of her ass-crack.
"Oh, Amy," he said, "you are delicious!" He turned to us, then, and added, "Who wants to go next?"
We both did, but I hesitated and Zac stepped up to the mound. He slipped his tongue in and out of Amy's pussy, tongue-fucking the beautiful woman. Amy let out a gasp in response to the pleasure she received. Zac then focused his attention on the inviting target of Amy's asshole, generously licking it and savouring the sexy, fruity flavour.
When I stepped up to the prone woman, I was able to take in, up close, the sight of Amy's nakedness. The soft folds of her cunt's inner lips looked so exciting. I let the softened tip of my tongue play over her hidden clitoris, which I could feel stiffening underneath its hood. Amy pushed her hips forward in response. While I toyed with her clit, I smelled the musky scent of Amy's cunt-juice and using my hands to spread her inner lips wide, soon allowed my tongue to enter her slippery hole and savour the secret nectar. Salty and sweet was the taste of this beautiful woman. I was aware of the earthy aroma of Amy's asshole and soon my tongue was licking it, feeling its delicate folds and gently dipping into the ink-pot of her ass.
Mick stood behind the lounge. "Amy," Mick asked, and indicating the seat in front of him, "would you please take a seat on the lounge?"
She stood up and did as requested, sitting with excellent posture: straight back, her legs together, arms at her sides. A wispy landing-strip of soft pale pubic hair climbed from the confluence of thighs and pubis towards her navel. Her breasts were obscured by strands of her long dark-brown hair which fell down and covered them. Mick tenderly moved her hair so that it fell behind her back, between her and the lounge. Now her breasts were fully exposed to our view. Her dark nipples gazed like unblinking eyes towards us both. Her eyes looked straight ahead.
"Now, Amy," Mick started, "could you entertain us while we chat?" His hands rested on her shoulders. "Put your feet up on the lounge and masturbate for us."
Amy's eyes betrayed a little apprehension.
"Please, darling," Mick continued, "feet up, so we can see your cunt while you masturbate."
Hesitating, slowly, she did as directed, drawing her knees tentatively towards her shoulders. Seated in this position the smooth fleshy outer lips of her cunt were drawn open and the delicate pink inner lips pushed forward. They now protruded like the secret parts of some fragile exotic flower and hung sticky with her now visible wetness. Below the taut line of her perineum, the dimple of her asshole blended seamlessly into the shadow-line of her ass-crack: that sensual valley where her lovely ass-cheeks met and touched.
We looked at her beauty and drank it down, transfixed.
She raised her right hand and reaching between her raised thighs, began to gently massage and stroke the fleshy curtains of her clitoral hood. At first, she stroked in a stuttering way, a little self-consciously, then, as she felt the rising heat of her sexual arousal - driven physically from her masturbation and erotically from the theatricality of the situation - she massaged her clit more regularly, more purposefully. Occasionally, the circular movements of her hand disturbed the inner lips and the opening of the dark hole of her vagina, pink and warm and moist, was made tantalisingly visible.
The three of us stood together, eyes glued to the masturbating beauty who became less inhibited with each stroke. It was marvellous to see such a gorgeous creature relaxing and enjoying her own sexuality in such an erotic scenario. We all knew instinctively what a rare and special occasion this was.
Amy's nipples were hardening and her breathing was becoming heavier. As a moan began to escape her wet mouth, Amy placed a finger either side of her clitoral hood and pulled swiftly up. Liberated of its protective cover, the pink pearl-bud tip of Amy's clitoris was now directly accessible to her fingers and to our hungry eyes.
The pleasure in her body mounted. Her left hand gripped her left butt cheek in response to the mounting tension inside her. Her cunt dribbled thick juice from the hole that still hid shyly from view behind her limp inner lips. She kept the tempo of clitoral stimulation steady and smooth while her body writhed in more erratic time signatures.
Conversation had now dried-up between the three of us. We were all breathing a little heavier, in time with Amy and willing her to her climax. We all wanted her to feel good, to taste her, to have her, to please her.
She deftly slipped the middle finger of her left hand in between the lips of her labia minora, momentarily exposing the dark-secret, sticky love tunnel of her vagina. With a single, simple thrust her finger slid effortlessly all the way inside her cunt. The wet hole closed swiftly around her finger in a comforting and erotic way.
We watched, spellbound by this gorgeous, sexy creature. I wished that I could be that finger in her moist tunnel of love!
Amy maintained the steady clitoral stimulation against the more aggressive syncopation of the finger-fucking that she was giving herself. She added her index finger and filled her slippery hole with two fingers. Her gasps came more frequently, on the beats of her thrusts. She leaned back into the lounge, lifting her hips from the seat cushions. A snail-trail of sticky pussy-mucus slid down from her opening. Her hips began to rock back and forward in rhythm with her finger-fucking and I knew to she was close to the top of her arc. When she came her body arched and shuddered and she groaned loudly. Her hips bucked repeatedly as the muscular earthquake of climax worked its way through her body until, after a few minutes, the convulsions slowly subsided and she removed her wet fingers from her pussy. Her clit was still engorged and exposed. Juice streamed from her now clearly visible cunt hole. It dribbled over her perineum and onto her asshole. Perspiration lined her brow. She looked even more beautiful than before.
"She's something else," Mick said, as he leaned over to kiss Amy's mouth and squeeze her left tit. He began to undress: "Now for the main course. Every hole is open for pleasure."
Amy reclined more towards the horizontal on the lounge, and made use of the cushions and the back of the lounge to support her naked body. She stretched her legs out to make all of her body available to us.
Mick stripped off his underwear. His shaved cock was pretty hard and he stroked it in front of Amy's face. Amy reached out and taking his balls in her right hand, drew his shaft to her lips. She kissed along the shaft while rubbing his ball-sac and licked and kissed his cock's head. I saw Mick lean towards her: his hips eased forward and the length of his cock slid deep into Amy's mouth.
Zac and I were both naked now. Our cocks, like compass needles, pointed directly at Amy who still was servicing Mick with her mouth, tongue and lips while squeezing his ball-sac.
We let our cocks roam freely across Amy's naked body. The head of my cock rubbed against the dainty meat of her tits. With the hot soft head of my cock, I slapped her nipples. My cock teased her teat. I pulled the slit of my glans open and tried to fuck her nipple into it, but the nipple was by now too fat and hard. Instead, I only succeeded in smearing my pre-cum all over Amy's teat.
Zac guided his cock's head across Amy's flat tummy to her navel and let it nestle in that dainty little pit. His right hand cupped Amy's mons and felt the slit of her wet pussy. He fingered her wet hole and it felt good.
Amy occasionally took Mick's cock from her mouth and rubbed his shaft and balls across her face. Her lipstick smeared from her lips in an arousing way. She teabagged his balls before Mick moved to enter her mouth once more and continue to fuck her beautiful face.
Zac tapped Amy's thighs and signalled for her to change position. She maintained oral service to Mick's cock as she moved to her knees. Zac's cock was large and he lubricated it in the juice that flowed from Amy's cunt by fucking it fully into her a few times. His big cock left her cunt's doors gaping open like an old western saloon. Wet, he let his cock slide up and down in the narrow groove of Amy's ass-crack.
I settled myself on the lounge with my hard cock between Amy's spread thighs, directly below her hips. I quickly finger-fucked her with the middle finger of my right hand so I could feel her cunt-meat and gauge her wetness. My cock pointed up towards the naked female body above me. I pulled her hips down and Zac kindly eased my cock into her cunt-hole. I felt her slick tube accommodate and close around my cock in a warm welcome. God, it felt good to be inside the cunt of such a beautiful woman. Her cunt muscles were strong and I felt the walls of her vagina grip me as we began to fuck together.
"How's the ride in the volvo?" said the Z-man, laughing. The ride was very smooth.
Zac eased his cock down the crack-line and positioned his cock at the rosebud-whorl of Amy's asshole. I slowed my cunt-fucking and his cock, still slick with cunt-juice, pressed insistently at Amy's backdoor. As Amy's sphincter relaxed, the head of Zac's cock slid inside her asshole. My cock was fully up Amy's cunt and I could feel Zac's cock as it penetrated Amy's ass. It took a little time to synchronise our fucks.
Amy was now stuffed full of cocks: mouth, cunt and ass. I looked above me and I could see Amy's lips wrapped around the shaft Mick's sliding cock. I could feel Zac's cock drive faster into her asshole, just upstairs from the cunthole that my cock filled. I felt the warm, moist sure grip of Amy's vagina pulse around my hard cock.
Amy seemed to be enjoying it even more than us, if that was possible. It was thrilling to be sharing this beautiful, willing woman with these guys, my old friends.
I thought it mustn't be long before one of us blows their load. Mick who had been fucking Amy longest was first to shoot his cum. Holding the back of Amy's head, gasping, he fucked into her mouth faster and faster. He groaned and scrunched his eyes in response to the intense stimulation his cock was receiving from Amy's mouth, tongue and throat. He let out a deep groan, then, sliding his wet cock from her mouth, he stroked a few times and directed a huge jet-stream of hot pearly cum across her face and into her long hair.
Mick sighed in relief and rubbed his wet cock against her, smearing the cum across Amy's cheeks and lips and into her open mouth. Amy licked him clean and drank down all she could. Mick leaned towards her and taking her tits in his hands, kissed her mouth.
Cumming must be contagious because no sooner had Mick lost his load when Zac began to breathe faster and to fuck her asshole even faster, holding onto Amy's hips and pulling her onto his cock. Amy too began to grunt in time to his thrusts and grind her hips more purposefully towards him. After one more deep thrust he held his cock deep in Amy's ass and groaned, his face contorted in ecstasy. He quickly slipped his cock out and shot a gushing cum-packet into Amy's ass-crack and gaping asshole. It flooded down her back-alleyway and dripped onto my balls underneath. Zac let his cock dip into the sticky mess and slide along the valley of her ass-cheeks. He made sure to direct as much of the streaming cum into her gaping asshole as he could. Amy reached her hand to her butt to feel and then taste the warm jism that had been so lovingly deposited there.
Zac's ass-fucking climax had set-off a chain reaction in Amy's pelvic muscles, because no sooner had the Z-man ejaculated than the length of Amy's vagina tensed and gripped my cock hard. Amy ground her pelvis into mine. The sudden extra stimulation made me lose control. I had no time to withdraw and visually show my appreciation like Mick and Zac both had. Instead, caught by the unexpected domino effect, I passed the point of no return and shot my load deep into Amy's cunt, splashing gallons of hot and sticky cum inside her, flooding it against her cervix. I held her hips down hard, onto me; my dick throbbed inside her. Amy, now impaled on my cock, responded in throbbing waves of climax from muscles deep within her pelvis-cunt. She bent her sticky face to me and kissed me deeply.
Eventually, Amy raised her hips, exhausted and my fading cock slid from her wet pussy. Cum dripped from her cunt, ass and mouth. As we all stood before her she kissed and lightly sucked each of our cocks. Taking her hand, I drew her up to stand amongst the three amigos. Together, we honoured her for what she had given so freely with caresses and hugs and tenderly kissed her face and neck.
Zac ran a bath and then we took her and gently washed her down in the warm soapy water. We dried her with soft towels and dressed her in a white robe. Then we took care of ourselves while Amy rested.
When we all returned to the lounge room, Amy had changed into a tailored coat and low heels. She held a mobile phone in her hand.
"Please, stay longer," begged Mick.
But Amy replied, "It would be pleasant to stay and play some more with you boys, but I must go now. Madam has been in touch. Thank you for the fucking and for taking care of me so considerately. Maybe we shall meet again."
We saw headlights through the blinds and heard the sound of a car and then, kissing each of us quickly, Amy opened the front door and left us.
"What just happened?" Zac asked. "Am I dreaming?"
"I told you she was something else," Mick responded dreamily, handing out a round of post-coital whiskys.
"I thought she was your girlfriend, Mick," I said, "how did you find her?"
"No, she's not my girlfriend," he began, "and like I said, she really found me."
"It was through work. I did a job wiring up a network of hidden cams for some kind of medical specialist, a psychiatrist maybe, so she could discreetly record her consultations. She was pleased with the job I'd done and mentioned that she had a friend whom might need someone who could carry out discreet, high quality services."
"And sure enough, a few days later, I got a call and a female voice gave me an address to go to. It was a mansion. I did a lot of work for her there and later more work at an apartment she had in town. I charged like a wounded bull for it, but she didn't mind."
"Then a few weeks afterwards, I got a call and I was asked if I would accept a gift from 'Madam' as she was pleased with the work I'd done. I don't know who this 'Madam' is, but anyway... Well, Amy was the gift. A few nights later she came to the door with a label on saying I could have her any way I wanted. We fucked. It was pretty damn good. I mean, she was pretty damn good. You can imagine... Well, I didn't see her after that. Then, a couple of weeks ago I got another call asking if I could help by giving Amy her 'next experience'. Three men were required... I thought who were two other guys that I could trust, and hence, umm, tonight. I hope it was OK for her."
"That's both weird and erotic, man," I said. "It was more than OK for me. What happens next?"
"I've no idea," he replied. "This 'Madam' controls everything."
"Well," Zac added thoughtfully, "I'm glad you didn't forget your mates. Whatever comes next, I'll be up for it!"