Comments are always welcome! I really like to see what it is you guys like and don't about the stories. I hope you enjoy this one...
*
When Paige Whitman first saw her band's name on the local roster for their first Warped Tour show at the fairgrounds in Indianapolis, her heart started racing. The bus ride (a rental and gift from Ken) turned Paige, Bobby, and her other band mates into kids in a toy store. After bunks were called and the on-board X-Box had been discovered, everybody settled in and eventually found their own projects to keep them busy on the long drive down to Indiana. Paige and Bobby stowed themselves away in the tiny bottom bunk in the back of the bus, curtain drawn to allow them a little privacy for some much-needed fooling around. Paige was trying not to get too carried away in the heat of the moment. But in such enclosed spaces, it was hard to ever get the privacy they greatly needed to help each other release pent up sexual frustration. It wasn't until after their show on Second Stage that they got together in one of the public showers. Paige snuck him into the woman's shower and into one of the stalls. The sound of the hot shower running, along with all of the music pollution outside and in, the two were able to converse privately. They undressed each other and stepped into the private stall under a much-needed stream of hot water, vapor wrapping round their naked bodies as they began to intertwine and kiss each other.
"So, we haven't had a chance to really talk about... the other night. Why we're even here," Bobby said, unable to stop from reaching up and molesting Paige's breasts.
"No, I guess we haven't," Paige replied, distracted by her boyfriend's erect penis in her hand, which she wanted to mold in her grip like wet clay. She kept her other hand cupped firmly around her boyfriend's balls, which she loved to firmly massage.
"Did you have fun the other night with Ken?" Bobby asked, the sensation of Paige's hands on his penis driving him to run his fingers down his girlfriend's nipples, past her naval and hairless vulva, until finding her slit and pushing them deep inside it.
"Yeah. A lot..."
"You'd wanted that for a long time, didn't you?"
"I hope you're not mad at me. It was just a fantasy," Paige moaned, feeling her lover's fingers push in and out of her slit with a gentle rhythm that made Paige hornier than she'd felt since right before Ken fucked her silly with Bobby the other night. It was a memory Paige would cherish forever. Unfortunately, it was a memory that she wouldn't get to tell any of her friends and family about, much as she wanted to in a few special circumstances. Still, Ken knew it had happened, and that mattered when Paige thought about the fact that he was probably masturbating to her right then.
"I'm not. I got to live out one of mine," Bobby said.
"Coming on my face?"
Paige looked up at Bobby and saw he was staring at her face. She imagined he was reflecting on what it had looked like covered in his cream... maybe with Ken's too...
"Yeah. Seeing all of that cum on your face was really hot," Bobby admitted.
"Had you been wanting to do that to me for a long time?" she asked, stroking Bobby up and down his thick shaft, firmly massaging and gently squeezing his balls for him.
"Yeah. You looked really hot like that too."
"With cum on my face?"
"Yeah..."
"Did you see that in a porn movie?"
"I..."
"It's okay. I don't mind that you watch it. I just want to know what you're watching. I want you to use me for your fantasies, not some two-dimensional videos online..."
"Yeah?" Bobby said, Paige's hands cupping his balls and molding his erection slowly.
Bobby loved the way she looked at his cock, like it was her personal plaything. The way some men were obsessed with boobs, Paige felt the same way about men's penises. It seemed odd to Bobby that their impromptu ménage a trois was Paige's first time receiving a load of cum on her face, but up until then she had only ever requested to receive Bobby's seed inside of her mouth or all over her breasts. He had always figured up until that she might find the act of being facialized a bit degrading. Instead, she seemed to really enjoy herself and the very taboo act itself.
"Yeah..." Paige said.
"Yeah, I see it in porn. I've always wanted to do it to you too. It's just such a hot look, especially when you have a face as beautiful as yours. To see it absolutely covered in cum? It's so forbidden. I think about all of the sperm swimming around on your pretty little face when my semen slowly slides down it, marking it as my territory..."
The description made Bobby's cock pulse in Paige's hand and her own body flooded with excitement. Paige felt one of Bobby's fingers at her anus and then push deep inside of it, causing her to whimper out with a mixture of pleasure and discomfort. Hearing him describe his sperm, not just his semen, but his sperm specifically on her face, made Paige wetter than before. She had never thought about how intimate the act had been until just then. Along with the help of Bobby's fingers inside of her butt and her pussy, Paige groaned in ecstasy as she continued to stroke her boyfriend...
"You want to know that you get to mark my famous face?" Paige managed.
"Yeah. Did you like it?"
"Yeah, I liked it a lot. I love that only you and Ken get to know what my privates look like, what they taste and smell like... and especially how I look like when I feel like a big slut with loads of cum all over my face. I like knowing I can be that for you two."
"I do too..."
"What about Ken? He came on my face too..." Paige remembered out loud.
"I don't mind. In a way you belong to him anyway... this just makes it sexual."
"I love you though. Ken is just..."
"Sex. I know," Bobby interrupted. "I love you too."
Paige leaned in and kissed Bobby as she continued to gently stroke his shaft with one hand and using the other to massage his balls, the feeling of his aching penis in her hands a more than welcome sensation for the horny rockstar who loved cock.
"So you don't think I'm a whore?"
"Well, maybe a little... but it's kind of hot actually. Do you like my finger in your ass?"
Paige grunted as Bobby pushed it deeper into her sphincter and wiggled it around.
"Yes. Yes, I do! God, I'm so embarrassed..." Paige moaned into Bobby's ear, the constricting tightness and deep pressure caused by his lone finger's invasion into her ass electrifying the sensations of the fingers pressed deep inside her flower.
"Don't be, I'm glad we're being so open about this stuff."
Paige felt Bobby's fingers inside her vagina and her back entrance. They dragged along the inside of her forbidden walls and pumped inside of her most sensitive holes that began to make Paige's orgasm press against her clitoris in a way that made her feel like she had to pee very badly. She knew the familiar sensation and how it was going to titillate her whole vagina when it finally did erupt inside of her.
"So a girl?" Paige asked, curious.
"Yeah..."
"I can't believe I'm even considering having sex with another girl."
"Have you ever thought about it?" Bobby asked, trying to ignore Paige's hands all over his aching erection just dripping with excitement and aching for release all over the beautiful naked rockstar before him. He wanted to paint her in his seed.
"Not really..." Paige admitted.
"Never?"
"Never."
"Why not?"
"I guess... because I like cock too much," Paige admitted, blushing, staring down at Bobby's swollen organ in her grip as he continued to pump in and out of her with his own fingers, erotically massaging the inside of her vagina and anus at the same time.
"Yeah?" he asked.
"Yeah, I love yours. I love playing with your cock. I love molding it in my hands. I love how hard it gets and how it twitches when it needs some special attention..."
Bobby pulled his fingers out of Paige's privates.
"Why don't you give it some special attention, sweetie..."
Paige smiled and fell to her knees right there in the shower, under the hot water, and smiled up at her boyfriend. He knew, and she knew, that he she was going to suck his dick then. Paige finally flashed her boyfriend a mischievous look and wrapped her tongue around Bobby's engorged head. With that, Paige started to take Bobby deep into her mouth, and then into the back of her throat, bobbing up and down on him in the very public shower stall. Bobby's cock swelled deep inside Paige and started to throb over her wet tongue, seeking solace in the back of the nubile rockstar's throat. He still couldn't get over the fact that he got to see what Paige looked like with a thick cock stuffed deep inside of her mouth, her eyes still locked on his. He finally took himself out of her mouth, strings of pre-cum and saliva stretching away from her mouth, connecting it to the tip of his swollen member.
"I've thought about you and another girl, you know..."
"Who?" Paige asked as Bobby reached down and broke the strand away from his cock and rubbed the mess onto her cheek.
"What about... Kelly?"
"Tyler's little sister?"
"She's 18 now too."
"You like Kelly?"
"Do you think she's attractive?"
"I suppose."
"Would you eat her pussy?"
"Oh my gosh... what did I get myself into..."
"A fair deal when I let you suck Ken's cock and fuck him right in front of me..."
"I guess you're right. Still..."
"Tell me."
"Is that what you want me to do? Eat another girl out?"
"Yes. More than anything I want you to know the amazing experience of tasting another woman, of smelling her flower, of tasting her forbidden fruit. I want to see her wet mound press against your nose and lips. Here, just taste yourself and see..."
Bobby bent down to Paige and made her sit back on the shower floor, legs spread. His eyes were directly on her vagina in full bloom. Paige still couldn't help but blush.
"I want you to really look at her. At her clitoris..." Bobby said.
Paige felt Bobby's fingers on her aching nub, gently massaging it in circles.
"At her labia..."
His fingers traced along the outside of her labia and slipped between her lips.
"To know her taste and smell..."
Bobby removed his fingers from Paige and offered them to her. She took them deep into her mouth and sucked the mess off of them, the sensation of tasting and swallowing her own pussy juices completely tantalizing and shocking to Paige.
"Sounds... erotic..." Paige admitted.
"I can't wait to watch you turn into a lesbian for me..." Bobby admitted, returning his fingers to his girlfriend's swollen pussy and gently massaging and fingering it.
"I'll turn into whatever you want me too..." Paige groaned, the electricity of her boyfriend's fingers on and inside her evoking Paige's most carnal responses and needs. She had never wanted to be anything more than just a lowly whore before...
Paige reached out and grabbed Bobby's stiff cock.
"I'll be whatever you want me to be."
"Be my whore, then."
"How? What do you want from me? I'll do anything..."
"Spread your pussy for me using your fingers," Bobby demanded.
Paige did as she was told, her body rushing and aching for orgasmic release. She used her fingers to gently part her labia and open her flower for Bobby so that he could see her pink flower. Bobby stared into his girlfriend's opened flower on display and then stood back up, taking his hard cock into his hands and aiming it at Paige.
"Suck on my balls, sweetie," Bobby said.
Paige nodded and moved just beneath her boyfriend's cock. She loved sucking on Bobby's balls, the feeling of having them inside her mouth always making her wet. She imagined simply draining them into her mouth and swallowing up all of the cum that they could produce for her. Paige took Bobby's balls into her mouth and began to gently suck on them while using her hands to knead and massage them firmly. She felt her boyfriend's powerful hands run through her hair as she began to gently rub own aching little nub, which was just screaming out for attention at this point. But she wanted to make Bobby cum, and making him cum was going to make her cum, that much she knew. She also wanted to have Bobby's warm cum on her face.
"Beg me for a facial," Bobby demanded, standing back up over Paige and taking his erection into his hand, furiously masturbating right over her nervous face.
"Come on my face, Bobby. I'm begging you..."
"Yeah?"
"Yeah, sweetie... just let yourself go... all over this pretty little rockstar's face. My face. I want cum all over it. I want to feel your sperm swimming over my face..."
"Oh, God, sweetie... tilt your head back!" Bobby screamed.
Bobby shot a thick rope of white, hot semen rocketing onto her forehead and down over her cheeks. Paige shuddered as the sensation of her boyfriend's seed caused her own excitement to overflow and start to burst out inside her vagina.
Still, Paige kept still as her orgasms began to riddle her. A second rope of Bobby's seed splattered up over her nose and down across her lips and chin, while a third quickly shot out right up into the corner of her eye before pooling down in the mess already running down her cheek. Paige closed her eyes just as Bobby shot another helping of his semen... his sperm... right across her closed eyelid. She felt it congeal into her eyelashes and cascade across her cum-soaked cheeks and felt like a whore.
"Wow..." was all Bobby could say, looking down at his cum-covered girlfriend.
Paige looked up at him and whimpered as another orgasm erupted inside of her that drained her. When Paige's orgasm subsided and she had suddenly realized that she was left kneeling under the hot shower, her face covered in Bobby's semen. She felt embarrassed and ashamed, wondering what Bobby must think to have a girlfriend who would disgrace herself such as she had just now and with Ken.
"Wow is right," Paige added as Bobby helped her stand and then pulled her out of the shower into the changing stall right in front of it. Soaking wet, Paige grew frigid as she curiously watched Bobby rifle through his clothes on the bench. When he pulled out his phone, Paige's heart began to beat rapidly inside her chest. She instantly knew, just like the other night, that she was going to have her facial captured.
"I want to show Ken what I just did to you," Bobby said.
The idea of Bobby wanting to show Ken, a man Paige fucked and let come on her face, how he had just come on her face, made Paige suddenly hornier than ever. It was as if her body had forgotten that she had just come on the floor of this very public shower. The thought made her feel dirty, like some groupie or band slut. She was neither of these things. She was the rockstar, and yet, here she was in the public shower stall buck naked and soaking wet with her boyfriend's sperm sliding down her face and through her sealed eye.
"I can't open my eye..." Paige admitted, embarrassed.
"That's okay."
Bobby turned the camera on and a second later Paige's cum-covered face was being photographed over and over. Paige blushed at the thought of being reduced to this, but it made her wet knowing Ken was going to get to see her cum-face again.
"Stand back just a bit, I want him to see you naked with my cum on your face."
Paige stepped back into the stall as Bobby framed the photo so he could capture his less than graceful, very naked girlfriend's full nudity in the frame, while at the same time photographing her over and over.
"Turn around."
Paige hesitatingly turned around, revealing her large, supple butt to Bobby. She turned her head back around, her face still an awful mess of her boyfriend's seed.
"Like this?" she asked.
"Perfect. Now, sit back down on the shower floor and spread your legs for me."
Paige nervously stepped back into the stall, careful not to let the water splash onto her face for fear of it ruining Bobby's facial. She crawled into the corner and slid back down onto the floor, spreading her legs wide open and revealing her glistening vagina to Bobby and, eventually, Ken. Bobby snapped off photos of her porn-star pose as she felt cum sliding down her chin and hanging off her face in thick icicles.
"Spread your lips..."
Paige pulled her labia apart and showed Bobby her pink flower in full bloom. Finally, Bobby was satisfied, or so it seemed. His cock never softened, and she wondered if he had any more cum to cover her with inside those balls she so enjoyed sucking on. But for now, he needed to recover, she imagined. Bobby put the phone away and then pulled Paige up under the water, helping her wash away all of the sticky semen he left on her face, biting and nipping at the back of her neck while occasionally giving her a poke from behind. He helped make her clean again, wholesome and virginal like before...
"There... all clean," Bobby whispered into her ear. "Let's get dressed."
"Are you really going to send those to Ken?" Paige asked, as she slipped her panties up onto her hips, knowing that they would be soaked through an instant later.
"I already did."
Paige couldn't imagine what his response would be.
Bobby and Paige finally cleaned themselves up under the shower and returned to the tour bus where they met up with their band-mates. After some lunch and a much-needed nap in her boyfriend's arms, Paige awoke alone. She looked around and then checked her phone. Paige had a missed text message from Bobby alerting her to meet up with him in private at a nearby hotel. Curious, Paige got up and told her band-mates that she was going for a long walk. When she flagged down a cab outside the venue, she paid him to take her to the hotel just down the road. The room that Bobby had told her to meet him in was on the third floor, down the hall and around the corner from the elevators. When she arrived at the room, Paige was shocked that a young girl answered the door. She was good looking with long, brown hair, deep brown eyes, and a very cute face. The girl's eyes seemed to light up when Paige saw her. Instantly, the young rockstar knew that this strange girl knew who she was.
"Hi..."
"Paige, come on in."
The young girl invited Paige into the hotel room where she found Bobby sitting on the bed. It was warm in here, Paige thought. But what was Bobby doing in a strange hotel room with some cute girl, she wondered? And that's when Paige knew who she was, the realization hitting her in the gut before there was anything she could do or say to protest. Bobby had already done reconnaissance. Now all that needed to happen was Paige had to sign off on the mission. Her heart started beating rapid-fire in her chest as it slowly fell to her stomach. Was Bobby expecting her to follow through with her promise right now in this hotel room with this girl whom she did not know a single thing about? Paige turned back to the young girl. At least Bobby had taste. She was actually very cute. Adorable might be a better word, Paige was thinking. Young too. Probably not even out of her teens yet and already one of her first sexual experiences was shaping up to be a lesbian experience with a rockstar in front of her committed and very loving boyfriend. Or was this going to be something else entirely? Paige didn't agree to a three-way. Just to having sex with this woman.
Well, a woman.
"Can I take your coat for you?' the cute girl asked. "I'm Kelly."
"Paige. Sure."
Paige unzipped her hoodie and handed it to Kelly who hung it up in the closet.
When Paige saw Bobby, he flashed her a casual smile that gave his entire plan away. This didn't go unnoticed by their host.
"I'm going to run down to the vending machine. Do you guys want anything cold to drink? I know how dehydrated you can get out there under the hot sun all day."
"Uh, I'll take some water."
"I'm fine," Bobby said.
"Okay," Kelly said. "Back in a jiffy."
After Paige heard the door close, she turned to Bobby.
"Bobby, is this..."
"Do you like her? She's a fan. I met her on one of the forums. I texted her anonymously. She's part of the fan club and thinks you're really hot. I saw she wrote a fan fic about you that was pretty steamy... with you and another girl."
Bobby handed Paige the opened webpage. Paige looked at it and started scrolling through a first-person narrative written by Kelly about having an unlikely lesbian experience with her backstage at one of her shows. Some of the graphic detail made her blush, but they weren't anything Bobby was shying away from, obviously. In fact, she could tell that he was rock hard just reading it next to her, his breathing heavy now.
"Tell me she isn't perfect, sweetie, and I'll call it off."
Paige sighed heavily, weighing her options.
"I'm... I'm just nervous. You could have given me some warning."
"I only just found out she'd be down when I texted you."
Paige sighed again.
"I can't believe I'm about to have sex with a girl..."
Bobby's eyes lit up. He drew his girlfriend into a deep kiss, his tongue pushing into her mouth and reminding her how much he loved her and wanted to be with her. Their embrace was cut short when Kelly returned with a soda and bottle of water in her hand. Kelly saw that Bobby was showing Paige her fan fic, which made her cheeks flush red. Paige looked up and found herself equally embarrassed, not knowing how to proceed with the situation any longer. A girl wrote this, she thought? It had to do with vibrators and licking some very private areas that up until Ken, only Bobby had tasted before. Certainly no female fan she met had fantasized about this sort of thing.
Or did they?
"I'm so embarrassed. I hope you don't mind my writing that kind of stuff on the forum..."
"No, I just... didn't realize it was so popular. You have a lot of hits... and comments." There were comments begging for a sequel, or for her to write further in depth regarding specific acts, or to include some acts she had never even heard of before.
"My posts get noticed I guess..."
"Are you a, um..." Paige began, stammering off.
"Bisexual. I... like guys too. I've just always fantasized about being with another girl, you know? Just curious and all, so I figured, why not fantasize about a rockstar girl?"
Paige blushed.
"So, this is all for Bobby then is it? Lucky boy." Kelly said.
"Yeah, he is..."
"Bobby also says you've never been with a girl?"
"No..."
"That's okay. Neither have I. I think it's hot, what you all did..."
Paige blushed.
"Bobby here was just showing me some photos he took of you earlier..."
Paige's heart dropped into her stomach when Kelly gestured to her phone. Kelly showed Paige that Bobby had sent her the private candids he had snapped of her in the shower earlier, which instantly made her blush and furious. But this was what she had agreed to after all, so she couldn't really stay mad at Bobby for very long.
"Wow, I'm really embarrassed..."
"Don't be. I think these are really hot. You have an amazing body, Paige. And, well, as for the cum on your face... that's just icing on the cake as they say. I think it's hot."
"You do?" Paige asked.
"My ex-boyfriend loved giving me facials. Any chance he got he just shot his load all over me. And he came pretty heavy, just like Bobby, so I was absolutely drenched."
"You have a very beautiful face, I bet you look amazing with cum on your face," Bobby told Kelly, much to Paige's disbelief. She could also tell that Bobby was hard.
"Thanks, sweetie," Kelly said.
"Did you eat any of it?"
"I swallowed a lot of it."
"Was this the first time you had cum on your face?" Kelly asked Paige.
"Second. The first time... Bobby and my manager came on my face."
"Wow? A double-facial? What did you think?" Kelly asked, Paige in disbelief that she was sharing her most intimate details about her sex life with this stranger.
"It was... good," was all Paige could muster.
"Sweetheart," Bobby said. "Don't be shy. I showed her the pictures so we could skip that part. Tell her how you really felt," he added, taking Paige's hand and placing it gently on the aching bulge in between his legs and pressing down on it firmly. Paige whimpered, the feeling of her hand on a rock hard penis causing her body to flood with excitement and anticipation. "Don't hold anything back... okay?" Bobby added.
Paige sighed and considered.
"It was great. I loved having both cocks in hand, two sticks of meat all for me and then when they started spurting... it was like they were letting me know how sexy they found me. I felt like such a slut afterward..." Paige went on, cheeks flushed, her pussy flooding with the excitement from reciting such explicit feelings out loud.
"I always do too..."
Paige just smiled. She was too embarrassed to go on.
"Well... why don't we start with kissing?" Kelly stated suddenly.
Kelly leaned over Bobby and took the nubile rockstar's face into her hands and gently planted her soft lips on hers. It reminded Bobby of the time he got to watch Paige kiss a girl at a party and instantly made him so horny that his cock started to ache. Their lips barely touched, Paige obviously nervous to open her mouth much.
"Paige, you have to open your mouth to be kissed," Bobby reminded her.
When he saw her lips part, he saw Kelly's tongue escape into it.
Paige's hand was still on the thing she wanted most: cock. But kissing a girl? She wasn't sure about it, though it was turning her on to feel her boyfriend's erection literally pulsing beneath his jeans the more she kissed this girl. So Paige let lose and stuck her tongue into her partner's mouth and felt its wetness. She could taste her lip balm, her gentleness, and wondered if this was what it was like for Bobby to kiss her. She grabbed Bobby's bulge as her kiss turned into a full-fledged make-out party.
Paige pulled away from the kiss and smiled nervously back at Bobby and Kelly.
"Paige, sweetie, why don't you lie back for me?" Kelly asked.
Bobby watched Kelly crawl on top of Paige and start to kiss her, their lips meeting awkwardly at first, Paige remembering kissing that girl at the party. It was awkward, so Paige kept her eyes closed and felt her heart flutter at the thought of not just pleasing Bobby, but in giving him his ultimate fantasy. Paige knew Bobby loved her. But it also turned Paige on knowing that she was getting to fool around with a girl that he wanted to be with. Her kisses were soft and tainted with the faintest hint of cherries, Kelly's hands sliding up and down the naked skin of her arms and down her long jean-clad legs. Her tongue pushed into her mouth as she felt those same hands slip in and out of her shirt, teasing her between her legs, gliding over her breasts on top of her shirt. When Kelly's hand grabbed the belt buckle, Paige's heart skipped a beat and knew she'd have to take over. Kelly rolled off of her as Paige began to unfasten her belt and jeans, turning over to see Bobby watching her as she slipped Kelly's jeans off her creamy smooth legs. She couldn't believe that she was actually undressing this young girl she had just met.
"What are you doing?" Bobby asked, pulling himself out of his jeans.
"Taking her pants off," Paige replied.
"Why?"
"So I can have sex with her."
"How?"
"By... eating her... pussy," Paige said in disbelief of the words escaping her mouth.
"Did you ask her for permission yet?" Bobby asked.
Paige blushed and turned back to Kelly who shuddered beneath her.
"May I eat your pussy, Kelly?" Paige asked, not believing the words leaving her mouth.
"Can I eat yours after?"
"Yes..."
"Finger me first."
Paige nodded and left Kelly clad only in a thin pair of pink cotton panties that gently hugged her privates and nothing else. Paige smiled nervously as Kelly pulled her feet out of her jeans. When she finally had them off, Kelly turned back to Paige and brought her back into a deep kiss. Their tongues wove around inside Paige's mouth until Kelly pulled hers out and began trailing her kisses down the side of her neck, sending gooseflesh all over her skin. Then, Paige felt Kelly pull at her shirt and she knew it wouldn't be much longer before she ended up naked with this girl. Paige had never been naked in front of anyone except her first boyfriend and then Ken before.
Finally, she had to sit up and peel her own shirt off as Kelly was having difficulties. Then, all at once, she was left completely topless before Kelly and Bobby who both drank in her medium-sized, perky breasts. Kelly ran her fingertips over them and began kneading them like dough, the sensation driving Paige wild. Her locker room fantasies of touching other women in the shower, a fantasy she never told Bobby about, were coming true. She had always imagined, showering with other girls and walking up to them and being allowed to touch their privates. They didn't have sex so much as Paige just reached out and touched their breasts, or between their legs.
"Look at these cute little boobies. Mm."
"They're amazing, aren't they?" Bobby said, reaching out and touching her left breast. Paige shuddered at the feeling of being nude and groped by Kelly and her boyfriend. She smiled bashfully and felt her own excitement flooding between her legs and dampening her panties in a way that only happened on particularly bothersome occasions. Then, Kelly crossed her arms and tore her shirt off her body, revealing her medium-sized breasts with small, tan areoles and tiny, hard nipples.
Kelly dove in and pushed Paige back, immediately planting kisses all over her breasts while occasionally running her hands through her hair. She trailed her kisses all the way down toward her naval and teased them just inside her panties.
"Paige, why don't you kiss Kelly's breasts?" Bobby asked.
Paige rolled over on top of Kelly and took her private mounds up to her lips and then began to roll her tongue all over the nipple. She had never touched a woman's breast before outside her own, let alone sucked on one, but even she was starting to a rush from doing it. Here she was, nearly naked and sucking on another half-naked woman's breast for the pleasure of not just her and her partner, but of that partner's boyfriend. Kelly dug her nails into Paige's back and quickly put herself back on top of her, instantly clawing at her underwear. Paige wanted to say no and fight back, but her grip was too powerful and nearly in an instant her panties were yanked off her privates and pulled down her creamy white legs, leaving her completely nude on the bed. Her silky smooth vagina was now on full display with her legs spread, her slit glistening with desire and her lips swollen with anticipation. Paige moaned out.
"Wow, Paige that's incredibly beautiful. I love that you keep your pussy shaven."
Paige didn't know what made her hornier, that she was displaying her vagina to her boyfriend or this girl. Kelly quickly removed her underwear, revealing that she, too, shaved. Then, when she rolled back on top of Paige and she felt their privates mash together. A surge of electricity surged through Paige's clitoris. They started making out again, Paige now clawing at Kelly's back and running down her lower back over her naked butt as she started pressing her nub against her own and humping her like a boy would. But instead of feeling a man's excitement against her opening, she felt the soft flesh of Kelly's wet pussy. It started to drive her wild and she wanted more.
"I want you to finger my pussy, Paige" Kelly asked Paige.
"Okay..."
"Take your time. Don't be nervous. Here."
Kelly took Paige's hand and put it on her vagina. It was soft and forbidden, Kelly's fingers finding her own privates in her rhythm and starting to rub them. Paige molded Kelly's privates with her hands, kneading at the girl's vagina at her clitoris.
"Touch me all over," Kelly whispered into her ear.
"How many fingers can you fit in your pussy, Kelly?" Bobby asked, suddenly bringing Paige back down to earth as they continued to make out and finger each other like horny students at an all-girl's school forced to make love out of necessity.
"Just a couple," she admitted honestly.
"Why don't you show me?"
"What do I get out of it?" she asked semi-playfully.
"I'll let you watch me grab my cock."
"Deal."
Bobby unbuckled his belt as Kelly reached down nervously to fit two fingers in her impossibly tight vagina. Paige had to lean back to give her enough space to maneuver, but she was no longer focused on her, beautiful as she was. Paige was now watching Bobby pull off his jeans and boxers to reveal his aching penis, stiff as a rock and bigger than he'd been in a while. Kelly saw that his shaft was covered in beautiful pulsating veins, the head dripping wet with excitement, his entire pubic area shaved clean just like her own. It looked like something she might see dangling between the legs of a Greek statute, only this thing was her plaything. Then, she reached out and started to cup his balls gently, sliding her hands up toward his shaft while he began to stroke himself like a horny schoolboy in front of her. Paige just watched Kelly molest her boyfriend with one hand and realized right then how jealous of a girl she truly was. It didn't bother her at all, the way Bobby looked at her lustfully. Because she knew they were in love. Still, she knew this was how Bobby felt watching her fuck Ken. Part of her wanted it to stop, but she couldn't anymore.
"Your boyfriend has a beautiful dick," Kelly admitted.
"Thank you..." Paige answered.
"Can I suck it?" she asked.
"After she licks your pussy," Bobby stated.
"Deal..."
Kelly lied down beside Paige and started to massage her outer lips and clitoris while continuing to pump her own fingers inside of herself. Paige realized that she was up.
Paige maneuvered between Kelly's legs and instantly caught her intoxicating scent. She enjoyed the way it made her feel, but she still couldn't believe she was about to lick another woman's most intimate place. Kelly's vagina looked like a George O'Keege painting, Paige thought, as she neared it and finally stuck out her tongue. The taste was overpowering, but sweet, the sensations of her tongue on this girl's vagina instantly making her feel ashamed. But she could tell her boyfriend loved it, and she wanted to make a show for him, so she stuck out her tongue and began to lick her swollen lips and all over her clitoris. Was Bobby really going to let Kelly suck his cock right in front of her? The thought of this girl's lips around Bobby's cock made her juices flow between her legs. Paige looked up and saw Bobby stroking his cock to the sight of her first experience performing oral sex on a girl. It was a bit odd, Paige thought, knowing that this girl had also fantasized about this situation.
"Is this how you imagined it?" Bobby asked Kelly.
"Oh my God, more than you could imagine. Do I taste okay, Paige?"
"Mm, yes."
"What do you think of eating pussy?" Bobby asked.
"It's... different."
"How?"
"She's... soft... and kind of sweet. And she smells really sweet too."
Paige started to slip her tongue inside of Kelly's hole and then soon felt her legs wrap around the back of her neck and draw her deeper into her womanhood. Paige moaned as her nose and lips were pulled inside of Kelly, her mess smearing all over her cheeks, nose, and chin. When she started bucking against her face, Paige knew she was doing something right. She felt Kelly's hands in her hair, pulling it, drawing her deeper inside of her opening. Then, Kelly started grinding her vagina all over her face, smearing her excitement all over her. It felt forbidden and unnatural, but still, Paige got a thrill out of playing with this girl. She was finally happy she got to know what girl's tasted and felt like. And it made her feel even more ashamed when she realized that this girl would forever remember her in this compromised position...
"Oh, Paige... right there. Yes, oh... right there. Lick that pussy... eat it..."
Bobby approached Kelly with his cock in hand and looked to Paige.
"You don't mind a quick blowjob, do you sweetie?" Bobby asked.
Paige shook her head.
"You have your mouthful anyway." Bobby turned to Kelly, his cock dripping with excitement. "Do you want to suck this?" Bobby asked playfully.
"More than anything."
"Will you deep-throat me?"
Kelly reached out, grabbed Bobby's cock, and stuffed it deep inside her throat, gagging herself for him and proving that she could deep-throat. Still, Bobby pushed her head down further, which caused her eyes to water over. The sight of Bobby forcing this girl onto his cock made her a fury of jealousy, and yet, there was her dripping vagina right in front of her. She couldn't stop licking or tasting or fingering.
Kelly finally started to choke and pulled herself off of Bobby, coughing immediately afterward. She looked up at him, make-up ruined, mascara running, eyes watering.
"That deep enough for you?"
"Why don't you show me how you give head now?"
"Gladly... Christ your girlfriend... wow... she sure can eat pussy..."
Kelly blushed as Kelly took Bobby into her mouth and started to bob up and down on it. Bobby turned to his girlfriend and smiled excitedly at her. She flashed a smile.
"How's her pussy?" he asked.
"Yummy. How's her mouth?"
"Warm... and deep... oh, wow... do you want... some help?" Bobby asked.
"Sure..."
Kelly looked up at Bobby, heart beating rapidly knowing that he was about to join Paige between her legs. She groaned with pleasure as his penis slipped out of her throat and she watched him maneuver between her legs, joining a nervous Paige.
When she felt his tongue between her legs, she grabbed his hair and pulled her as deep into her womanhood as he could, burying him inside of her soaking flower.
"God... eat my pussy..." Kelly called out.
Bobby just smiled, excited by the taste of Kelly. He turned to see his girlfriend, her nose, lips, and chin coated in Kelly's glistening juices. Her smell was overpowering and intoxicating. He kissed her deeply, Kelly's femininity tainting their senses.
"I love you, sweetie," Bobby said.
"I love you too," Paige replied.
Kelly started to rub her nub at the sound of Bobby and Paige reaffirming their love for one another as they licked her clean. She wanted to squirt all over them when she erupted, covering both of them in her sweet nectar. Both of their fingers and tongues started to invade her. The familiar pressure of one of their fingers pressing inside of her butt caused her to scream out. She was getting finger-fucked and licked all over now.
"Oh God! Yes! Yes! Keep fingering me!"
Kelly got up and kneeled over Paige's face. Paige nervously laid back as she watched Kelly masturbate with renewed fervor; pointing her vagina right at her like Bobby did to her with his penis right before he marked her. And then, Kelly exploded and a waterfall of her juices started spraying out of her all over Kelly. At first she thought it was pee, but then she realized it was cum. She was physically ejaculating like Bobby. She didn't even know girls could do that, and here she was ejaculating all over her face like Bobby did. Paige was getting her very first feminine facial. The sight of her nectar erupting out of her was the most forbidden, pornographic thing she'd ever seen, but she fell in love with the sight after a few moments of being painted by her.
"All marked..." she huffed before collapsing back on the bed.
"I didn't... know girls could do that..." Paige managed.
"I masturbate a lot and read up on the Internet how to do that. I've always wanted to cum on someone's face. Now I know why guys love doing that. It's really, really hot!"
Paige couldn't stand it anymore. She crawled on top of Kelly and lowered her soaking pussy to her face. Paige then watched Kelly plant her lips right on her vulva.
Kelly's eyes locked with Paige's. Kelly gently started kissing Paige's privates. She shuddered to think of how amazing it felt, yet how odd it was to see a girl delivering her such pleasure in such a taboo way. She started running her hands through her hair, embarrassed to see the mess she was leaving smeared all over her face after just a few moments on top of her. Her nectar must have been practically leaking out of her, considering the mess she had left. She wondered how she looked right now, with female cum sprayed all over her face. Her hair was soaked and matted to her face, the smell of sex and cum stimulating her nostrils and taste-buds. Apparently, Kelly really liked her and she had wanted her to know that by coming all over her.
"I'm going to kiss these lips down here the same way I kissed your other lips..."
And with that, Paige watched Kelly begin to make out with her vulva, her lips sloppily dragging all over her outer lips. Paige began to groan and moan in ecstasy.
"How does she taste, Kelly?" Bobby asked, lying beside her and gently caressing her naked body, dragging his fingertips up over her soft mounds and over her nipples, eyes fixated on Kelly's tongue inside of his girlfriend's privates at that moment.
"Really sweet," was all she could say.
Kelly continued to lick Paige's slit, the forbidden taste of her vagina on her tongue.
Her nose awkwardly pressed into the rockstar's nub as she continued to use her tongue to penetrate her over and over again.
"Oh, wow... yeah... Kelly, oh my God that feels amazing... oh yes..." Paige started screaming while grabbing the young brunette's hair and pulling her innocent face into her womanhood and rubbing it all over her, smearing her nectar all across it.
"Yeah..." Kelly moaned.
"How you holding up sweetie?" Bobby asked, standing up and presenting his cock to her. "You still crazy about cock?" he asked her. Paige just stared at her boyfriend.
"Yeah... I love it," she said before swallowing the erect cock before her while Kelly continued to lap and penetrate her, occasionally using her fingers to rub her clitoris.
The sensation of having cock stuffed in her throat and a woman licking her was too much. Paige felt a familiar, tingling sensation deep inside her that finally erupted causing her whole body to go rigid and numb. It was electricity, like a limb falling asleep only to be over stimulated moments later. The deep pressure inside her vagina exploded and with that eruption came a flood of release she saw spill all over Kelly. She reveled in the facial, letting Paige continue to come on her face. Paige had never ejaculated before, but here she was ejaculating onto a beautiful woman's face.
"So Paige... I really need to cum..."
"Well why don't you come on both of our faces? How's that sound, Paige?" Kelly said.
"How about I just dump this entire load all over you and Paige licks it off and then you two swap my cum?" Bobby said.
"You're kinky. Actually, I think I'd like to see what this pretty girl's face looks like with cum on it. Then I'd be happy to lick it off her and swap cum with her, dirty boy."
"You wouldn't mind if I came on your face, would you?" Bobby asked his girlfriend.
"Not at all..."
"Then come down at the foot of the bed. Kelly, hold my girlfriend's face for me..."
Kelly helped Paige up and crawled onto the floor at the foot of the bed, in disbelief that she was about to help Paige get blasted in the face with hot cum from her lover.
She held her face still as Bobby maneuvered over both of them like a male porn star preparing to come on a lovely face. Paige's heart raced at he idea of being ejaculated on again. She looked up at Bobby and smiled nervously, then back down at his cock, which he stroked feverishly. The tip was dripping with pre-cum, his whole shaft starting to bulge and throb. It needed to explode and it needed to do so on her face.
"Come on my face, Bobby."
"Yeah, Bobby... come all over this pretty little rockstar slut's face..." Kelly said.
"Oh, God... here it comes..."
Bobby could literally feel the semen rushing out of his balls and shooting through his shaft just as he orgasmed. The stream escaped his shaft and the release shot out right up the length of his girlfriend's face. A long, thick, white rope of sticky semen splattered down across her forehead, which trailed down over her cheeks and lips.
A second burst shot out of Bobby and he saw a thick helping of his seed rocket out of his head and land right down the length of Paige's nose, starting at her brow and ending right on the tip. He smiled, incredulously, and then aimed to shoot a thick helping of sperm right over her cheek, underneath her right eye, beside the first rope that was already cascading down Paige's soft skin. He then started to erupt all over her cheeks and lips, completely coating his girlfriend's face in his sticky cum.
"What a beautiful facial," Bobby breathed.
"Wow... look at you..." Kelly said, turning Paige's head toward her to inspect her.
"What's on your face?" Bobby asked.
"Cu... semen... your semen is on my face."
"God, you look so beautiful with all of that cum on your face. I want some pictures," Kelly said.
Paige felt nervous about having even more x-rated candids of her winding up in the ethos, but after what she shared with this girl, she felt there was nothing she could deny Kelly anymore. The taste of her womanhood still danced on her taste buds. So Paige just leaned back against the foot of the bed and let Kelly capture photo after photo of her face dripping in Bobby's seed, wondering if she'd masturbated to this exact scenario before. She felt the warm cream spill down the contours of her face and wondered how many cum-face pictures Kelly would be satisfied with taking.
"I want pictures of your cum-face, Kelly," Bobby blurted out suddenly.
"Here's my phone."
Bobby took Kelly's phone from her and scrolled through her pedestrian photos until landing on a photo of her face drenched in thick, white cum. Bobby's heart stopped.
"God, look at this..."
Paige felt humiliated as Kelly snapped off more pictures.
"There are some of me naked, send as many as you want to yourself."
Bobby scrolled through Paige's phone and found some self-took pictures of her in a bathroom mirror, displaying her full-frontal nudity to anyone who saw. Some more seemed to be taken by another individual, the pictures of Kelly sprawled out, spread-eagle on the bed, her pussy on full-display to anyone who wanted to see it.
"All right..."
Kelly then bent down and began to drag her wet tongue across Paige's face. She shuddered. The sensation of Kelly's tongue cleaning her like a baby chic and lapping up her boyfriend's fresh seed caused her to shudder. Then, Kelly leaned over Paige.
"Open your mouth, sweetie," Bobby said.
Paige did as she was told and then saw Kelly release Bobby's semen from her mouth.
It stretched out of it and spilled onto her tongue. Paige held the seed in her mouth and then switched positions with Kelly and let it fall back into the brunette's mouth.
"Kelly, since Paige got to receive the facial... you can have the honor of swallowing."
With an audible gulp, Kelly swallowed all of Bobby's cum and Paige's spit.
"Well... I think we could use a shower..."
Paige nodded in agreement, but said nothing, her heart racing still. She couldn't believe she had just had sex with another girl, let alone let that same girl fool around with her boyfriend. The thought that all of Bobby's seed and her spit was in this girl's stomach actually turned Paige on, much as she couldn't understand why. She pulled herself up and looked into Bobby's eyes. He brought her in for a deep, wet kiss that she quickly melted into. He slipped his fingers inside of her and she melted.
"Why don't you see if Ken responded," Bobby said, Paige having suddenly forgotten all of the deeply pornographic pictures she had let Bobby take of her to send to Ken.
Paige saw that she had a reply.
She had numerous photos of Ken's hard cock, with his hand wrapped around it. She saw in another photo that he was masturbating over a photo of her on the face of a promotional poster he had countless copies of lying around his office. In the final photo, Ken had ejaculated all over her face on the poster, it being covered by thick ropes of hot, sticky, white cum. It made her blush to think she had caused him that much pleasure... or release. She could still feel Ken's seed all over her face and desperately wished it was her actual face he had waited to erupt all over. Paige was shocked that she couldn't wait for another opportunity to put Ken's thick cock in her wanting mouth and suck it until it erupted all over her like a volcano spewing thick ropes of creamy sperm all over her face and symbolically marking her as his. Would Bobby be okay with that, though? Would she have to lick another girl's privates for the opportunity she wondered? Was this all a very permanent evolution in her sex life, Paige wondered? She finally showed the picture of her photograph splattered in semen to Bobby.
"Well, Ken texted me photos of him coming on... a picture of me."
"I think he wants to fuck you again."
"Can you blame him? You just sent him all of those pictures of me."
"Not really. So... ready to shower with Kelly?"
Paige blushed when she met eyes with Kelly in the shower again, nude. Bobby made sure that she was in the center of them. Paige wanted to shower, but Kelly wanted to kiss. Bobby told them if they did, he would be more than happy to clean them. After a few minutes, he was quickly massaging shampoo into both of their scalps and using a warm washcloth to gently clean both of their vaginas. After some heavy petting, Bobby delivered an unexpected cum shot to Paige's face, which he gently washed from her face immediately after. After they were all fully drained and clean, Bobby, Paige, and Kelly dressed one another and finally came to the end of their fun.
"I'm glad I got to experience you two," Kelly said.
"Me too," Paige admitted.
"Text me some pictures sometime and I'll reciprocate. Or call me sometime. I wouldn't mind listening to you two get it on while I rub myself silly!"
"Sounds good," Bobby said.
Kelly brought Paige in for a deep kiss.
"You ate me like nobody else."
"I'm glad you enjoyed..." Paige said before turning to leave with Bobby.
TO BE CONTINUED...