Author's note: Just another cooked up story, something unlikely to happen, but would be great if it did as it is a fantasy of mine. Everyone is over 18 obviously.
***
Over the years I mastered the art of masturbation. Pleasing yourself is one of the best cures for, well ... everything really. That long drawn out pleasure culminating in an orgasm beyond equal was a quest I had perfected over thousands of sessions of self-control.
Bringing yourself exquisitely to the peak and then pausing everything before you go tumbling over the edge is a satisfaction unto itself.
The end result is like nothing anyone else can give you unless they are skilled in the art themselves. Many look down on masturbation as an illness or an addiction. But I disagree. I love the sensation of my sperm rushing through my dick, those few seconds of total ecstasy, and if it is an addiction, then so be it.
I think it is fair to point out that I have been married for over twenty years now, and thankfully, my wife enjoys sex as much as I do. Our love making is often, and commonly culminates in her orgasming five to six times in the span of a few minutes.
I try to hold back as much as possible using my technique when we end up masturbating together. Such a satisfying feeling knowing that your partner is on the same level of horniness as you are.
Naturally, being so oversexed does have its disadvantages. And that is of wanting to experience that sensation continuously. Sometimes I used to manage to lay off during the day, but mostly I just would go nuts, requiring a release which would not only satisfy me sexually, but also mentally.
My office hours were a bit weird, to say the least. I was the IT Administrator in an industrial electronics factory, and I strangely had a 6.45am to 3.15pm shift. Break time was a thirty minute stop at half past twelve, and this, was my magic time.
I had just one colleague in the office with me, and he would promptly disappear home for lunch at a quarter past twelve, and return an hour later, disregarding the thirty minute break time. None of us cared.
So I started to use that hour for my pleasurable moments. Sixty minutes were far more than enough for me to get my rocks off. I would lock the door, leave the key in the lock, turn off the lights, check the door again, and visit some sites on my iphone for visual stimulation.
Whenever anyone called me afterwards and complained that they could not contact me, I always told them that I would be taking a power nap and it was my official break time anyway. This was accepted without question naturally. And most of the time every technician and engineer would be enjoying his or her break. The calls petered out in fact after a couple of weeks.
For months I was in heaven. My thirty minutes slice of heaven. I cannot imagine how much sperm I deposited in tissues. I became bolder week by week and resorted to taking my trousers and underwear completely off me. I'd lay back on my swivel chair, prop my feet on the desk, and pump away to my satisfaction.
Alas, even the best laid plans go awry. To this day I cannot even imagine how it happened, but it did.
One day I forgot to lock the door...
There I was, spread-eagled on my chair, eyes closed, breathing raggedly as I was ready to go over the edge and have my cum splatter onto the desk, opening my eyes to see my friend Elysia at the door, one hand to her mouth in surprise, her eyes on my hand pumping my cock.
I just couldn't stop. I had no control, and I realised that all my well rehearsed procedures were out the window that day. I can see it all again now, as if in slow motion, sperm blasting out of my cock, and my friend at the door, looking absolutely shocked but intrigued. At that moment it did not register with me that she had come in and closed the door behind her, while I came down from a massive massive high.
Getting caught had actually made me cum harder than ever.
All too soon I came to my senses, and pulled myself together... I really had no excuse for this behaviour.
"I'm sorry" I said, lowering my legs off the desk and hiding my erection, "You really should not have seen this. I hope it does not affect your opinion of me."
"You don't have to apologize", El said. "It's not something I haven't done."
I raised my eyebrows in surprise. "Really? You masturbate?"
"Duh! I may be a girl, but that doesn't mean I don't have urges. Although to be fair, I've never done it at work. For what it's worth, your secret is safe with me."
"Thank you. This is very embarrassing. I lock the door and double check to make sure it is firmly closed. I can't imagine how I left it open."
"Accidents happen", she smiled. "Happy accidents."
"Lucky that it was you though. I can't think what could have happened if one of the managers had come in instead."
Her smile told me enough. Strangely enough, I was still very hard, and would have indulged myself in another wank. That was not going to happen now, as we both looked at my sperm on the desk. I looked at Elysia, and she was grinning. I was mortified.
"What now?" she asked.
"Well, I would have gladly had another round, but that's out the window now. Perhaps, it's time for me to get dressed." I said.
"I'll give you a minute to do so" she replied. "Are you locking the door?"
Her smile was infectious. Perhaps this was not going to be too bad for our relationship after all.
El opened the door and left the office, closing the door behind her. I got up, wiped my dick with some wipes, gathered the sperm from the desk, and put on my jeans. I knocked on the door to advise the girl that I was done.
"I, uh, I need to wash my hands." I told her.
"No doubts."
The bathroom was just next door, and I pondered the situation while washing my hands. Elysia was a good friend. More than that. We confided many things to each other, little secrets that perhaps we would tell only to our dearest friends.
She was way younger than me. In fact her father Steve was an ex class-mate of mine. I made a vow there and then that I would tell her the whole truth and no way try to mislead her. She would have to take it or leave it.
I need not have worried. When I entered my office, she was seated on Justin's swivel chair, feet on the desktop, her hands above her head, breasts jutting out prominently. Wow. Why had I never noticed those jugs?
"So how long have you been doing this?" she asked.
"What makes you think I have been doing this regularly?"
"Fairly obvious. It's not the first time I came in for a chat and found the door locked. Your story of having a power nap worked for me. Actually, many people make fun of it. Probably jealous" she said, twisting a lock of her hair around her fingers, a sure sign of deep thinking. "Most managers nap with their door open anyways."
We laughed at her words, remembering some of our older managers actually sleeping at their desk.
"Listen El, you're one of my best friends here. I'm not going to lie to you at all." I composed myself and continued. "I love having orgasms. I love the way I can manage to bring myself to the brink and keep myself there for many minutes.
I love the way I can time it just right and let loose an almighty one. It's the feeling of absolute control. Yeah, I know, I'm married. And honestly, my wife and I have great sex. But there is just something wicked about it all.
I just need a regular release. And when I realized that Justin was gone every day for an hour, I hit on this plan. Worked fine. Until fifteen minutes ago." I ended with a smile.
"Wow. Thanks for sharing that. To be honest, I know the feeling. I haven't got a boyfriend, but I still have to masturbate at least three times a week. I would be on edge constantly, otherwise. Also, I have never seen anyone do it in real life. Turned me on, you know? I could have left quietly when I saw you pumping your cock, but I wanted, no, I needed to stay to see you finish off."
I nodded, knowing full well what she meant at the start, and a bit embarrassed at how she ended.
"Can I join you tomorrow?" The question came like a thunderclap in the sun.
"What do you mean?" My mind wasn't working properly at that time.
"Well, I can just come over, sit in this chair and watch you. Or even join in if I so fancy it."
I really did not know how to answer that. But why not? She was an adult after all, and if she got her rocks that way, then so be it. I nodded my assent, and she left with a smile.
The rest of the day passed uneventfully. A barrage of tickets to be closed, and emails to be answered. One of the last mails came from Elysia, with the words "I can't wait until tomorrow."
I didn't know whether to feel elated or upset. I didn't even think about the fact that once again she would see me naked, and of course, masturbating. Did I want it to happen? Yes, of course I did... Whether I could go ahead with it was another matter.
It actually excited me that somebody would watch me. My wife would go mental if she knew it, obviously, but some secrets are better kept to one's self.
That evening my wife came to bed wearing a short black negligee which immediately set me on fire. Like I said before, we've always had a good sex life, and the next hour proved just how much in sync we were.
We had discovered anal sex only very recently, and it was honestly amazing. We rued the years we lost.
Her asshole was just like this long smooth tube, just made for being fucked. After initial trepidations, we took to it like the proverbial ducks to water. We actually preferred it to vaginal sex. Or at least, we had more anal sex than normal.
We played along with our masturbatory and anal sex for a long time, but the aching for release eventually took over, and we exploded simultaneously. I loved it when we came together.
We ground against each other in passion, my cock already becoming too sensitive as she continued on to another three orgasms. Jackie was totally uninhibited, as I was, and anything went. She continued pinching her own nipples as she groaned in ecstasy.
I always showered after anal sex. No other option. Cleanliness was vitally important. No big deal though, as we had an ensuite bathroom.
I washed quickly, taking extra care in cleaning out under my foreskin and the head. I winced as I rubbed my cock head. Still too sensitive. I finished, toweled myself dry and made my way to bed, where my wife was already asleep.
I turned on the television to get some sports but slipped under within a few minutes. Unconsciously, as I felt my eyes grow way too heavy, I switched the TV off, and slept a deep restful night.
As usual, I was up by five am, and quietly made my way to the bathroom for a quick pee. I had washed before I slept, so it was just making my way to the kitchen and turning the kettle on for a cup of tea.
We never had (or wanted) children, so I was still naked, the early air cool on my skin.
While the kettle boiled, I went to the closet and picked up a pair of grey slacks and a black shirt. I always wore the same. I couldn't pretend to understand fashion. So boring.
Fifteen minutes later, teeth suitably brushed, I made my way to the garage and grabbed my bicycle. It made more sense to use a bike. I only lived three miles away from work, and the traffic would already be difficult to navigate in a car. I loved biking anyway. It was my rush.
Within a few minutes I was at work, and I walked my bike to a rack before punching in.
The factory had already come to life and as usual, I greeted many of the girls. It was important for me to have good relations with the people I worked with. I never considered myself above them despite my high station in life at work.
Subconsciously I was aware of what was going to happen today, and I was hoping that perhaps Elysia would be caught up in testing and would be unable to make it.
No such luck. As I switched on my desktop PC and loaded my email app, I saw that there was already a reminder from her. She gallantly offered to put it off if I was unsure, but that she would love to be in on the action.
I replied to the email with an emoji wink and a smile. The dice was now thrown.
The phone rang. It was Justin, asking if he could take the day off. I replied that we had nothing planned and that it was okay by me. Good. One less thing to worry about.
Honestly, by eleven, I was a nervous wreck. I was hoping the time would come quickly but dreading the moment.
Soon enough, it was time. The knock on the door sent me in a momentary panic, but I soon recovered.
I told whoever was on the other side to come in, and I was surprised to see El wearing a skirt. I'd never seen her in a skirt. What the hell was happening.
She saw the look on my face and said, "You don't think you're going to enjoy this on your own, did you?"
I had no answer really.
"How are we doing this?" I asked.
"Well, you use your chair, and I will use Justin's. Same as you did before. But I will be enjoying myself over here."
I nodded assent, as I made sure the door was locked.
"Do you want me to check that?" she asked with a laugh.
"No. Plenty secure."
And there we were. I unbuckled my belt, and drew down my zipper, kicking off my shoes into a corner. I took my slacks off, carefully folding them over a monitor. El drew down the zipper on the side of her skirt, let it fall to the floor, and stepped out of it.
She was wearing a sensible pair of white cotton panties. Not too flattering, but probably comfortable.
My cock was already hardening when she said, "On three."
Our underwear went down to our ankles, and we looked at each other in curiosity. She had already seen my dick, although probably not in early stages of arousal.
She had a pussy which I could only describe as exquisite. No clit showing, no lips hanging down. A clean, shaven, clamshell pussy just like I loved.
We nodded to each other and made our way to our respective chairs.
My cock was already standing at full mast by that time. I hardened quickly. The funny thing is that although we were in each other's presence, we could not see each other's naughty bits.
I started wanking while looking at her, and I imagine she was rubbing herself as she looked at me.
I didn't have any urgency and slowly brought myself to a heightened sensitivity before relaxing my movements. Elysia was panting like crazy.
"I'm too close. Oh God, I can feel an explosion coming along" she panted.
"Same here." I replied. "Let's come together shall we?"
She nodded as she continued diddling her pussy. Her short sharp breaths showed that she was on the edge.
I pumped my cock, feeling the massive charge roaring up, practically blinding me with lust as my sperm shot up my balls through my cock and arcing over the desk, nearly missing the far edge and reaching the floor.
Elysia had her eyes closed, shuddering as she came. I wanted to see this, so I stood up, wanking again as I saw her insert three fingers into her wonderful pussy.
I came again. Instantly. No warning. The cum shot out of me like a bullet and splattered on Justin's desk, just a few inches away from her.
I nearly fainted with the pleasure of seeing this wondrous creature masturbate herself to a shattering orgasm.
Finally she slumped back, arms at her side, gaping pussy for me to see. Her breathing was heavy. chest rising and falling to her rhythm.
We looked at each other, realizing we had crossed some unbidden boundary. I looked at her pussy hungrily, and her eyes did not leave my cock.
"That was fucking awesome!" she exclaimed breathlessly.
"No kidding." I replied.
"You have a beautiful cock, did you know?"
"I can say the same for your pussy. It's beautiful. I just want to lap it up."
"Is that wise?" she asked.
"As if what we did was wise." I said.
"We did nothing except share a few beautiful moments."
The bell from downstairs brought us back to a reality we did not want to return to.
We put our clothes back on hesitantly, and actually hugged before I unlocked the door. She slipped out unobtrusively, and I was left wondering what the hell I had done.
I can't complain though. I had enjoyed it.
I nearly forgot to wipe Justin's desk and chair from our secretions, but not before bending down to take a sniff and a lick of her juices. My god they tasted incredible. So sweet.
The next few days, we kept to our daily appointment, growing bolder day by day. We both checked the door before we took our clothes off.
After a week, Elysia started wearing knee length front-button dresses, and it was with a great surprise for me to see her taking it all off, magnificent breasts on show for me to ogle.
The way she pinched her nipples made me salivate about what they would taste like. Her no-touching rule drove me mad. I wanted to touch, taste, and suck on them. It wasn't happening though.
This hour's interlude was quickly becoming our little slice of heaven. I figured that there was no harm in it, and I had not neglected my wife in any form.
After a couple of weeks, Elysia suggested we move our chairs to where we could observe each other.
We moved the chairs to the middle of the office. To be honest, I was a bit wary of the exposed position, but with the door closed, I need not have worried.
The chairs were about a foot apart, and as I took my jeans off, she unbuttoned her dress all down the front, but left it on.
I sat in my chair, my legs dangling on the arm-rests. My cock was up front and center. Nothing to miss. She reciprocated, and I was absolutely in heaven. How I wanted to lick that pussy.
It wasn't going to take us too long to cum, that's for sure. She was using her middle finger to rub around her clit, red and swollen in the sunlight falling in through the window.
Her skin seemed to be glowing, and as we shuffled forwards in our chairs, I could very nearly touch her pussy with my cock. I wished we could slide a bit more towards each other, but this wasn't bad going.
We started masturbating in mutual pleasure, aware of the heightened pleasure this position gave us.
I realised that my cum would probably spatter her from top to bottom, but she didn't seem worried.
I looked at her through slanted eyes as I hissed, very nearly tumbling to the point of no return, but holding back, feeling my orgasm slightly subside.
When I finally let in to my urges, it would make an almighty mess. Elysia could hold it no longer and she wailed as she actually squirted a bit, once, twice, then another orgasm, and another...three in succession.
She slumped back, panting, as I continued wanking myself off, in total control but so close to losing it.
El opened her eyes, grinned, and uttered a "Fuck me that was awesome!".
Suddenly she scooted even more forward and I could touch her clit with my cock. Her hand went out and grabbed my engorged shaft from the middle. I gasped in pleasure at this touch from a hand that wasn't mine or my wife's.
"Leave that in my hands. I have a better idea."
I could not find it in my heart to disagree with her. She rubbed my penis on her clit, and she trembled as another orgasm hit her.
I was enjoying this too much and warned her that I was going to come. At my words she rubbed my cock head all over her clitty, and I saw stars as I exploded all over her pussy. I could hardly breathe as the most exquisite feelings ran through me, my cum hot and runny on her pussy, stomach, and breasts.
It was the orgasm of a lifetime, and I flinched as she continued wanking me slowly.
"No more, please." I begged her.
Pushing our chairs apart, she got down on her knees and sucked at my softening penis, sucking the last of the cum out of me as she dripped sperm onto the floor.
It was too much, and I came again, a far smaller load, and Elysia just held on gamely, slowly swallowing my cum.
Finally, she got up again and slumped in the chair. Our masturbatory session had hardly taken ten minutes, but I am pretty sure we needed more than that to recover.
The sun continued to shine on her, and I remarked that she was truly hot. The very sparse hair on her pussy seemed to be on fire as the rays hit them.
From my side I was totally knocked out. My penis lay dangling on the chair, half dead, although it showed signs of life when my colleague started spreading my cum over her body.
"We have to do this again" she said.
"Yeah. This was totally great fun." I replied, as I bent down and took a lick from her ass to her clit. I needed to do that.
She shuddered, and I sucked a little on her before pausing for her reaction.
"Ohh. I need this so bad. Damn the consequences. Please don't stop. I'm nearly on the edge."
I was pretty sure that this had crossed my infidelity line limit, but at that moment I didn't care.
I lapped gently at her meaty cunt, bringing her to a quiet orgasm. She breathed hard, sweat breaking out on her chest.
Job finished, I rose back and sat on my chair, aware that a change had taken place I could not reverse.
I would see how to find peace in my heart after this adventure. I was pretty sure it would not be that difficult.