"Check it out, you guys," Kelsey said, holding up a Playboy magazine with the centerfold opened up. "We need to study these. Us girls want you to do this kind of stuff with us." She had a box at her feet with two dozen Playboys from the '70s, classics that she bought on eBay. Richie and Erin smiled. They each picked up one of the thick, heavy magazines and opened it to its centerfold.
"We can't really do this without showing your faces," Erin said as she looked over a big, beautifully lit photo of a long-legged brunette.
"Yeah, we know that," Kelsey said. "We trust you guys. Can you just do it, like, as a personal project for us? Make us prints and then, like, destroy the evidence or something? We can pay you."
"No, you're not paying us," Richie said. "It'll be really good experience. And you already give us so much, just letting us hang out with you guys."
"Yeah, I think we'll pay you anyway," Kelsey said.
Brie and Charity walked in through the side door, dressed in their teacher clothes. "You got those magazines you ordered?" Brie asked, wide eyed with excitement.
"Yup," Kelsey said. "Check it out." She held one up with the centerfold opened wide, Miss December 1970. "You should do this pose, Charity. Her back arches wicked, just like yours."
—
"Oh my gosh, this is beautiful!"
Barbara sat in her living room, holding an open folder on her lap. She lifted a luminous enlargement in her careful fingers, her eyes dancing cross the photograph, taking in all of Kelsey in all her glory.
"Wow," she said softly. "You're stunning. Just stunning."
She carefully moved the print to the bottom of the stack. Her face looked happy as she worked her way through the pile, smiling when she got to the images of Brie, and again when Charity's sexy innocence appeared.
"You girls are just amazing. You said these were done by student photographers? They're really good."
"Yeah. Richie and Erin," Kelsey said. "Richie does the pictures of me with the Jeeps on Koop's website."
"Oh, right! Koop told me he's a sweet kid. He laughed about how you latched onto Richie."
"I guess I couldn't help it," Kelsey said. "He's cute, and it was his eighteenth birthday..."
"Lucky kid!" Barbara chuckled. She'd worked her way through the pile and was back to the first photo of Kelsey again, the softly luminescent one of her on her back on satin sheets. A garter belt and stockings adorn her hips and legs, and Kelsey is looking at the camera, like a classic pin-up girl. "So beautiful," Barbara said.
"We've all been studying old Playboy magazines," Kelsey said. "The really old ones from the 1970s."
"I was born in 1977, Kelsey," Barbara said. "I guess that makes me really old."
"No! I didn't mean that!"
Barbara giggled. "I know, I'm just kidding. I'll never look likethisagain, though," she said, looking at a photo of Kelsey on her stomach, her perfect ass nearly glowing in the soft light.
"Barb, you look so good. You don't even realize it probably, because you can't see yourself the way other people do. I want you to let Richie and Erin take pictures of you. That's why I brought these to show you."
Barb looked surprised. "You wantmeto pose for them?"
"Yup. You'll love it," Kelsey said. "I know you like showin' off."
"Kelsey! Do I?" Barb looked surprised again, and a little embarrassed.
"Don't play innocent with me, girl!" Kelsey smiled. "You know you love it. I think it's cool."
Barbara blushed, because Kelsey was right. She'd always gotten a thrill from the little exhibitionism she'd flirted with, and it was part of why the bondage thing turned her on so much — being tied up, unable to hide from whoever happened along.
"We could do it here, but they've been getting some lights and stuff and they're makin', like, a little studio in my basement. It's super cool. They do natural light stuff up in the bedrooms, too."
Barbara still looked embarrassed, but intrigued. "Could we do more of a lingerie type of thing?" she asked.
"Sure! Cool, Barbara!"
—
"Let me fix her hair a little." Kelsey jumped up, with a brush and a comb in her hand, and went to work.
Richie and Erin both adjusted their cameras. They worked as a team, both shooting different perspectives, with different styles. The session had only started ten minutes ago so Barbara was still getting used to things, feeling very self conscious in her skimpy, lacy undies. Kelsey combed the offending clump of hair and fingered it into place.
"There. Isn't she hot, you guys?" Kelsey asked.
Richie and Erin nodded. They were both nervous, too, working with their first model that wasn't part of the gang, and an older one at that. Richie was surprised how turned on he was, seeing as how Barb was a little older than his own mother.
Barbara was glad they didn't gush insincere answers to Kelsey's question. She knew she wasn't hot, not in the Kelsey sense anyway, but it was nice to see appreciation in Richie and Erin's eyes, and extra nice to see the lump in Richie's pants that he was trying to hide.
Erin directed her into a new pose, conferring with Richie on how to properly light it.
"Whoa! Did you see that, you guys?" Kelsey asked. "Did you see how her bra opened up when she moved? That was hot. Can you get that?"
Richie had seen it. Observant men have a sixth sense for that kind of thing, sneaking glimpses into short-lived gaps in women's clothing. With Kelsey's help Barbara made it happen again, with her arm and gravity working together, opening a sexy view into the lacy little bra.
"That's so hot," Kelsey said.
Richie and Erin worked the scene, clicking shutters, pushing buttons, turning dials.
"Look at Richie, all hard for you!" Kelsey said. "You look smokin', Barb!"
Barbara giggled, making her tits jiggle a little. Richie blushed, but he didn't take his eyes, or his camera, off of her.
Erin called a new pose, and helped Barbara into it. It was one of the classics from the Playboy centerfolds — Barbara on her side, head in hand propped up by her elbow, with her other arm draped languidly on her curvy, hour-glass side.
"Give us those bedroom eyes, Barb," Kelsey said. "The ones that make me wanna make you cum."
Barbara smiled a lovely smile. Both cameras clicked off a flurry of shots. She glanced at the lump in Richie's pants. She was relaxed enough for the sight of it to hit her differently, and the look on her face was the one Kelsey loved to see. Barbara's deep-seeded lustiness was bubbling to the surface.
After a few more classic poses everyone was in the groove. Barbara and Kelsey had emptied a bottle of wine, and another cork was popped. Barbara was relaxed and felt sexy in front of the cameras. It was a delicious feeling.
"Can I pose her, you guys?" Kelsey asked.
"Sure," Richie said. He knew there was no one who understood sexy better than Kelsey.
She turned her attention to Barbara. "Get on your hands and knees, Honey. I love how you look that way."
Richie was pretty sure he was going to love it too, because Barbara was turning him on something fierce. He watched as Kelsey guided her, spreading Barbara's knees apart just the right amount. Kelsey looked at the lace covered ass, pushed Barbara's back into more of an arch, and ran her hand over Barb's sexy little panties. Her fingers went to the heat, playing a little in the dampness.
"God you're sexy!" she said, bending to kiss her. After the steamy little kiss Kelsey's hands swept across the smoothly arched back, stopping to unhook the lacy bra. "Tits out, Honey. You're ready."
There were no complaints. Barbarawasready. The lacy bra was tossed aside. Kelsey adjusted the sexy woman's elbows on the mattress, getting the 'ass up' pose just right. She paused and admired her work, and Barb's righteously hard nips.
"Fuck yeah," she said. "Your tits are super sexy. They hang nicer than anybody's."
Barbara knew it wasn't true, but it was a wonderful compliment, coming as it did from the nakedest, sexiest, tittiest woman she'd ever known.
"Can you guys work with that?" Kelsey asked.
"It was hot when you were kissin' her," Erin said. "Give us a few minutes with just her, though."
"Cool! You wanna do some poses with me?" Kelsey asked Barbara.
"Sure," she chuckled. "I'll show the pictures to the ninety-year-old men in the nursing home when I'm old. Look at me! That's me and a porn star!"
Kelsey gigged. "Cool! Should I put panties on? Maybe I'll put a bra on too, and you can take it off of me."
Kelsey scampered away. When her naked presence was gone, Barbara felt self-conscious again in front of the clothed photographers. It was exciting, though, just like she'd hoped it would be. When Richie asked her to drop her upper body down the thrill was intense. Ass up high, with legs spread more than lady-like, she felt almost supernaturally sexy. Her head was sideways on the mattress, so she could see him as he worked. She smiled at the angles he was capturing. He seemed rather taken with her well-toned middle-aged ass.
"Awesome! That's hot, you guys!" Kelsey said when she returned. "I wore panties like yours, Barb. I thought that'd be fun."
Kelsey had a bra in her hand, but Erin shook her head. "No bra. Just climb on like that."
Kelsey smiled and tossed it aside. "You ready, Honey?" she asked Barb. "Smoochie smoochie?"
Barbara giggled. She wished she'd known, when she was younger, how much fun sexy girls can be.
"I got a pose I wanna do," Kelsey said. "I want you just like that, but with me under you, with our tits smooshed together."
Erin and Richie agreed it sounded hot. Barb got up, had a big gulp of wine, and resumed her ass-up position on top of Kelsey.
"Fuck!" Erin whispered when the four tits all squished together, bulging the sides of them out.
"That's wicked!" Richie said.
Kelsey spread her legs and inter-tangled them with Barbara's, making it even better. They gazed into each others eyes as the cameras started clicking, transitioning to a hot, steamy kiss as Richie and Erin worked the pose.
The heat built quickly. Kelsey's hands played on Barbara's thighs and smooth hips as the hot kiss burned on. Barbara couldn't believe how horny she was. She felt like electricity surged through her as Richie and Erin circled. Kelsey's hand slid under, inside Barb's panties. Fingers tickled pussy, squishing through the wetness. Barb moaned into Kelsey's mouth. Cameras clicked. Barb was flying. She was a porn girl!
It only took a minute or so for Barb to cum. It was nothing she expected, or wanted to do. It was something shehadto do. Deep down in her subconscious, it was a moment just waiting to happen.
"Fuck yeah!" Kelsey softly praised. "Did I ever tell you how much I love makin' you cum?"
"You may have mentioned it once or twice," Barb smiled. She was breathless, her mind blurry from all the stimulus.
"Did you get her orgasm face, you guys?" Kelsey asked. "I love it. Isn't she just beautiful?"
"That was hot," Erin said.
"Let's do the undressing now," Kelsey said.
A hit of adrenaline surged through Barbara's bloodstream. She'd planned on lingerie, was already topless, and Kelsey wanted to drag the pussies out to play. It was way too thrilling to resist.
After another kiss, Kelsey rolled Barbara onto her back, nestling between her widespread thighs. Barb's chest was heaving and her eyes were wild with excitement. Kelsey kissed her way from tit to tit, and slowly down her belly. Erin and Richie captured every moment. Kelsey's mouth reached the panty line. She teased the lacy thing down, licking the pussy inch by inch as it was revealed.
"Ohhh, God!" Barbara sighed. Her clit was still fully charged from her orgasm. Every little tongue tickle made her body writhe.
"Fffuuck!" Kelsey said softly, amazed at Barbara's sexuality.
Kelsey lifted Barb's knees and whisked the panties off, tossing them to the floor. She dove in for some serious pussy eating. Barb had a monster of an orgasm that left her reeling. As she recovered, chest heaving, Kelsey kissed her way back to the top, stopping for a few moments for some nipple nibbling before resuming the hot kiss that had started it all.
"Sixty-nine me, Honey," Kelsey whispered in her ear. "Make me cum."
Kelsey rolled. She wanted Barbara on top, wide open to the cameras.
Barbara pulled Kelsey's panties off, turned and mounted her. She was well aware that she was on display to two photographers as never before. She felt cool air on her spread pussy, and then the extraordinary heat of Kelsey's mouth engulfed it.
"Oh God!" she exclaimed, the words breathy but staccato.
She lowered her mouth and tasted Kelsey's essence, just as delicious as she remembered. Out of the corner of her eye she watched Erin and Richie circling. Richie zeroed in on the action out back — Kelsey's loving mouth on Barb's wet, glistening pussy. Barbara's hips started working when she knew Richie was there. Not because she wanted them too — they seemed to have a mind of their own, grinding her pussy hard against Kelsey's mouth.
Kelsey looked up at Richie. He was in close, so she reached for his crotch.
"Fuck!" she said when felt how rock hard he was. "Take that out. Fuck this girl."
Barbara moaned loud into Kelsey's pussy, vibrating it with the sweet sound.
"You heard her," Kelsey said to him. "Do it. Barb, you want Richie to fuck you, don't you?"
"Yesss!" she sighed, the lovely word all mumbled by pussy flesh.
Richie didn't need to be asked again. His cock was out and deep in his first older woman quick as a wink. Kelsey giggled at the way he and Barbara reacted, both of them instantly lost in the intensity of it all. Richie was fucking fast and hard and Barbara was just a few decibels from the screaming stage.
"Holy shit, Honey!" Kelsey said, watching Richie's furious fucking from down underneath. "She really turns you on!"
Erin was amazed, too. Richie seemed like he was in another world, his eyes rolling and his lungs grunting as he fucked the pretty woman hard. She tried to capture the animalistic essence with her camera, circling to the front so she could get his face and Barbara's in the same shot, both of them showing the wild, unbridled ecstasy of it all.
Kelsey rode it out as a close-up spectator, unable to get her mouth near the furious action. When Barbara's orgasm neared Kelsey twiddled the tip of her thumb on Barb's clit, launching her into orbit. Richie came with grunting ferocity deep inside her.
"Holyfuck, you guys!" Kelsey said. "Are you like starved for sex or somethin'? That was insane!"
Richie gasped for breath, still deep in Barbara, holding her nice hips in his hands. Barbara's head lay limp on Kelsey's pussy, giggling as she sucked for cool oxygen.
"Get a fuckin'roomyou two!" Kelsey said.
—
Richie and Erin worked on the pictures for a few days at Erin's apartment in the evenings. The sessions usually ended with some nice sex, sometimes with Kaitlin if she was home. Richie put a folder together of their favorite prints. He brought it over to Kelsey's, figuring she'd be able to get it to Barbara.
"There's about fifteen prints, and there's a proof sheet in there with some more that she might like. We can finish those for her if she wants them."
"Cool," Kelsey said. "I'll give you her address. She's not too far from your house."
"Oh. You think I should bring them?"
"Yeah, she'll wanna see you," Kelsey winked. "Ask her what the hook on her bedroom ceiling is for."
Richie looked confused. Kelsey smiled.
"You ever watch porn where the girl's handcuffed and stuff?" she asked.
"She likes that?"
"Loves it, Honey. Loves it."
—
Richie's heart was thumping when he knocked on Barbara's door. The folder of enlargements was sweaty in his hand.
"Hi, Richie," Barbara said shyly. "Come on in."
Richie was too nervous for much eye contact, but what he saw intrigued him. Barbara's nervousness made her seem younger than he remembered. It was a look he hadn't seen in someone dressed like his mom and her friends.
"I'll get in trouble if you tell anyone, but, would you like a drink? I could use a little wine."
"Sure," Richie said. He had a feeling Barbara had already had a little.
They sat on the couch and looked at the pictures, Richie sipping nervously on his wine.
"Good Lord!" Barbara said, barely above a whisper. Her body was reacting to the images, her lungs huffing out air uncontrollably.
"Are they...okay?" Richie asked worriedly.
"Oh. No, Richie, they're...kind of amazing. I can't believe it'sme!
Richie sat quietly as she looked at more of the images.
"This one, of us together...you're such a beautiful young man, Richie. I feel like keeping this next to my bed."
Richie smiled. He liked that one too. He and Barbara were doggie style, slow and delicious, an hour after the frantic first fuck. Richie was holding Barbara's arms behind her. Erin had composed them in profile, their muscles working, their faces both lost in euphoria.
"I like the way..."
"What, Richie? You can tell me."
"Remember what Kelsey said, about your...tits hanging real nice?"
Barbara smiled. "Yes, I remember. Do you think so, too?"
Richie smiled, shifting his embarrassed eyes to the picture. Barbara noticed a growing lump in his jeans.
"These are just amazing Richie. I think we should celebrate. Would you like to see my bedroom?"
"Sure," Richie smiled. He took a long drink of his wine, almost emptying it.
Barbara took his hand and led him to her room. She turned to kiss him and caught him looking at the hooks on the ceiling.
"Don't tell me," she smirked. "Kelsey said something?"
Richie tried to fight a nervous smile, but he couldn't hide it.
"I should have known," Barbara said. She sat on the bed and pulled Richie down next to her. "What did she tell you?"
"That you like...handcuffs and stuff."
"And stuff?" Barbara smiled. "I do, Richie. What do you think of it?"
"I don't know."
"Have you ever tied up a girl?"
Richie shook his head.
Barbara moved in close, kissing him softly, nibbling at his lower lip. "Wanna?"
Her hand squeezed the hard lump in his pants as her tongue went into his mouth for the kill.
While they kissed Barbara opened Richie's pants and pulled out his cock. She had it in her mouth moments later. In between mouthfuls she mumbled out her instructions.
"I want you to handcuff me... blindfold me... hang me from the ceiling... and then take my clothes off..."
She paused, did some more serious deep throat work on the young cock, and then she continued.
"When I'm as naked as how you want me... I want you to tie my ankles tight... and fuck me..."
Richie was wildly turned on. His cock was as hard as he'd ever felt it. He moaned when Barbara stopped the blowjob and got up to gather the necessary supplies. "If I get too loud, stuff this in my mouth," she said, showing him the gag. Her excited eyes watched Richie as she handed him the handcuffs. "Ready, Honey?" she asked. She smiled because she sounded just like Kelsey.
Richie tucked his cock in his pants, took hold of her arms and clipped the cuffs on them. He looked into her lusty eyes one last time as he put the blindfold on her, securing it with a velcro strap. He looked at the two hooks on the ceiling, choosing the one away from the bed. Charity had let him fuck her standing up one time, and he loved it; he wanted to do that with Barbara. He helped her up from the bed, tugging her gently into place by the long handcuff chain. The chair from her makeup table was within reach, so he pulled it toward him, stood on it and raised the already moaning woman's arms up over her head, securing the chain to the hook with a metallic clatter.
Richie wanted to ask her if she was all right, but decided that probably wasn't what she wanted to hear. He thought silence might be good, and his instincts were correct. Barbara was turned on by the quiet mystery of it all.
She felt his hands on the buttons of her blouse, and felt his deep breaths on her skin as it opened. All her senses where heightened. Richie was disappointed there was no way to remove her shirt with her handcuffed the way she was. He reached behind with nearly trembling hands to unhook the bra. He was right up close to Barbara, listening to her breathe.
She'd purposely worn an everyday bra and panties, probably similar to what his mother wore. Barbara had a little experience with latent — and not so latent — mother/son turn-ons, and she thought Richie might be into some of that, too. From the way his breathing sounded, she guessed she was right.
The Walmart bra snapped loose. Barbara moaned, huffing breath out her nose when she felt Richie's hands on her skin. They slid up her sides, brushing the sides of her tits, and then they were on them, squeezing gently. She felt a hand push the loose bra aside, and a warm mouth suck in a hard nipple. Both the soft tits were squeezed again, and the mouth moved from one to the other.
"Ohh, Goddd!" Barbara moaned softly. She was gradually letting her body weight hang heavy under her straight up arms.
After Richie had ravished her tits for a while, he unfastened her pants. He pulled them down fast, leaving the panties all askew. His hand went into the crooked gap, massaging Barbara's smoothly shaved pussy.
"Fffuuckk!" she sighed.
Richie smiled. He could only see part of her face because of the big blindfold she had on, but her pretty mouth was very expressive. He watched it as his fingers explored, pressing through her wet pussy lips to her warm, squishy insides.
He fingered the inside of her the way Kelsey had shown him, pressing his thumb against her clit.
"God yeah!" she sighed. "Oh fuck!...Yes!...Yes!..."
Richie stopped, leaving her whimpering. He had a feeling the experience was at least a little bit about torture. He smiled again at the beautiful, disheveled woman, and pulled her crooked panties to her knees.
He took off her pants and tied her ankles tightly together with a leather lashing. He left the panties around her knees because he liked the way they looked there.
Barbara felt his hand on her shirt, tucking it up over her shoulders to get it out of his way. The bra went up there with it, and his hands traveled down across warm tit flesh again. He was behind her, right up close against her. He cupped and squeezed the soft, womanly tits, and let his hands drift down. His fingers went to her groin, pulling her ass tight against him. She swiveled her hips, grinding against Richie's lump. She felt a hand leave her to unfasten his pants. A moment later his hard cock was between her ass cheeks. She arched her back to invite him in...
"Ooohhhhhh!" she groaned when her pussy was violated. Richie was squatting a bit on widespread legs, thrusting upward insistently. Soon he was in, fucking properly, holding Barbara's tits again.
Her weight hung heavy on the hook, hurting her wrists but she loved it. She tried to move her feet but the leather lashing was tight . Her panties tickled the back of her knees.
"Oh, God yeah...!" she moaned. "...Fuck me!...Fuck me!"
Richie squeezed her tits hard and started bottoming his thrusts solidly, slapping loud against Barb's womanly ass.
"Fuck!..." he grunted. "Fuck!..."
"Dooo iiiiiittt!" she yelled. "Dooo iiiiittt!
Both of them came in glorious unison, fucking like animals. It was loud, and raw, and overwhelmingly delicious. When Barbara was able to think again, she was amazed at Richie's prowess in such an unconventional situation. Kelsey and the girls had taught him well.
They played some more that evening, with Barb in various states of bondage. Richie left, promising to come back. Barb couldn't believe she had an eighteen-year-old boy toy, and a sweet one at that.
—
Barbara went to the gym at the usual time, expecting to see Bobby and Albert but they both had conflicts and weren't there that day. She was disappointed when they didn't show. As she was working her way through her routine a woman she'd seen many times ended up on a machine next to her. They struck up a conversation.
"Where's your cute friends tonight?" the woman asked.
Barbara smiled. "I don't know. I thought they'd be here."
"That Bobby guy's a hunk. The other one's not bad, too."
"Yeah, they're nice guys. They're married though. Are you looking?"
"No, no. I'm married, too. It's just fun to window shop."
"Yeah, I know what you mean."
"So, you're married, too?"
"Nope," Barbara said. "Happily divorced."
When the workout was over they both hit the showers. As they dried their hair the conversation continued.
"I'm Wendy, by the way."
"Barbara."
"My hubby's working late. Wanna get a glass of wine with me before we head home?"
"Yeah, I guess," Barbara said. "I haven't done that in ages."
The two of them walked across the street to a restaurant with a nice, upscale bar. They sat at a tall, round table and had some wine.
"I'm gonna confess something," Wendy said. "I'm hoping a little of you rubs off on me. I'd like to get my husband interested again."
"Oh. I hope you do," Barbara said. "But me? Why do you say that?"
"Are you kidding? You're so much...I mean, your two guy friends at the gym, I see the way that look at you. You've got a sexy aura," Wendy said.
"A sexy aura! Oh my gosh, I never would have guessed that in a million years! If I do, it's recent, believe me."
"Where'd you get that sports bra you've been wearing lately? That's hot, girl!"
Barbara smiled. They traded tips on clothing, Wendy soaking up any info that related to 'sexy'. The wine tasted good, but they both knew they shouldn't over do it. An hour later, after two glasses, they parted as new friends.
Barb slipped into a robe when she got home, and poured another glass of wine. The robe was a new purchase, a leopard-print satin kimono robe she found at Victoria's Secret at the mall. It was definitely racier than her old below-the-knee fleece robe. It only fell halfway down her thigh, and the plunging, black-trimmed front seemed to want to show off her lovely cleavage, like it had a mind of its own.
She started off naked underneath, delighting in the sensation, but as she sat on the couch in front of the TV she decided it was too much. Austin would soon be home from his late shift at work, and there was just too much of her peeking out. She wanted to feel free with her body the way Kelsey and Kay and the others did, but it would have to happen one small step at a time. She went to her room and put a bra and panties on under the sexy little robe.
When Austin got home he almost stopped in his tracks. Barbara had her long legs up on the low cocktail table, her body lounging languidly, with a glass of wine in her hand. The satin robe he hadn't seen before was covering very little of her thighs, and it gaped open a little at the top, giving more than a glimpse of white bra.
They sat and talked for half-an-hour about their days, and watched an old episode of True Blood, with lots of naked, fucking vampires.
The next few days were similar, with a parade of different bras peaking out from under Barb's new favorite robe, all of them sexy, one of them so skimpy it didn't even cover her big, three-inch areolas. Barb felt particularly wicked that evening.
She was dressing sexier at work, too. She wore a uniform with a skirt in the dental office, but her stockings shifted from white to shear, her underwear took a major leap toward the sexy, and she unbuttoned her white blouse a bit for certain customers. She did a lot of leaning over them as she cleaned their teeth, so the men of her choosing got to see some of her sexy bra collection.
The gym was more fun, too. She introduced Wendy to Bobby and Albert, and the four of them started working out together. With Barbara's help Wendy bought some sexier workout clothes, and the same leopard-print kimono robe to wear when she was at home with her husband. They planned a shopping trip to buy some new sexy undies, and when the time came Barbara picked Wendy up at her house.
"Barbara, this is my son, Richie," Wendy said as the two women walked into Wendy's kitchen.
Barbara could hardly breathe. Richie looked terrified.
"Hi, Richie," Barb said, extending her hand a little too formally.
"Where's your manners, Richie?" Wendy said.
"Hi," he said stiltedly, shaking Barbara's hand.
"Teenagers!" Wendy said, shaking her head at his odd reaction. "You know all about that, right Barb? You said your boy's, what, twenty-two?"
"Yes."
Barbara was nearly speechless. She and Richie had been going at it hot and heavy for two weeks. He was at her house so often she was sure her neighbors must have been talking about it, if for no other reason than all the noise she made in her bedroom when he was there. The tightly packed suburban neighborhood must have heard some of it.
She breathed a little easier when she and Wendy left the house, but the drive to the mall was tense. Barbara had no idea what to do about the situation she was in.
"We haven't talked about our boys much," Wendy said. "Yours still lives at home?"
"Yes. He got a two year degree at the community college. Business related. He really should continue with it, but he got a job at the sports center that he loves, so he's sort of on hold. His girlfriend keeps him busy, too."
"Richie has a girlfriend, I think. He won't talk about it, but I can tell he's...a young man now. You know what I mean?"
"Yes."
"I mean, eighteen's late to be sexually active. I'm glad he waited, but it still odd for me. Mothers and sons, you know?"
"Yes. I know."
"I wish he'd bring her home sometime. I'd love to meet her."
"Do you think there's just...the one?" Barb asked. "I know Austin has a few girls he sees. The way kids think about sex is...very different from the way we did." After Barbara said it she wondered why she was going down that road. Just shut up and change the subject, she said to herself.
"I've wondered about that," Wendy said. "There does seem to be some variety to the things he says. But he was so innocent such a short time ago. It's hard for me to believe there's more than one girl."
Barbara didn't reply, but the silence was just as awkward. She took a few deep breaths to try and slow her heartbeat.
"Do you ever...find Austin's friends attractive?" Wendy asked.
"Oh, God yes."
"It must get even more so with a twenty-two-year-old," Wendy speculated.
"There's nothing wrong with eighteen," Barbara said, instantly kicking herself for letting that kind of a thought slip out.
"It doesn't help that my husband's not very interested anymore. That's why I'm at the gym, and...taking lessons on being sexy from you."
"To attract boys?" Barbara asked, sounding surprised.
"No! My husband!" Wendy said. "Although, it wouldn't hurt my feelings if some of the boys took notice."
Barbara was relieved when they pulled into the mall's parking lot, ending the awkward conversation.
"Oh, look, it's half price now," Barbara said, holding up the leopard print kimono robe they both owned. It suddenly dawned on her that Richie always liked seeing her in it, and loved opening it up to see what lingerie she was wearing underneath. "Has...Richie ever seen you in yours?"
"He did once. I think it scarred him for life," Wendy laughed. "You should have seen the look on his face when he first saw me in it!"
"Yeah, it's...difficult for a boy, to see his mother's sexy side. They get used to it, though. I wear mine in front of Austin. Is that horrible?"
Wendy looked surprised. "Youdo? See, that's why you're so much sexier than me. I never would have though of doing that on purpose. Would a boy Richie's age even be interested in seeing a woman our age like that?"
"Our age? I'm at least five years older than you, Wendy."
"A man would never guess that."
"I think you're selling yourself short. I bet Austin and his friends would eat you up." Barbara said, regretting her choice of words again.
"Jesus!" Wendy said. Barbara didn't know if it was because of her remark, or the crotchless panties Wendy had mistakenly taken off the rack. "They could do it if I had these on!" she laughed. "Oh. Sorry. I shouldn't be talking about your son like that."
"Trust me, he wouldn't mind, and I don't either." The two women were silent for a few moments. After flipping through some more undies on the sale rack, Barb picked up the conversation. "Austin lost his virginity to a woman our age."
"Really?" Wendy said, sounding intrigued.
"At a summer camp we used to rent, up in New Hampshire. She was a friend of mine and I got really upset about it. I did things I shouldn't have done that spiraled out of control. I realize now that it was kind of wonderful for him. A real education from someone who cared about him. At the time, I was so upset, I wasn't thinking about how important sex is. It was good for him to get a baseline from somebody experienced. I only realize it now, thanks to his girlfriend."
"Wow," Wendy said. "I can't imagine. Well, I guess I can. I hope Richie's learning to be good to a woman. The porn on the internet can be so ugly. That kind of thing's not good for boys."
"He'll turn out all right I think. He seems to have good people in his life."
"I haven't told this to anybody," Wendy said, "because I was embarrassed by it at first, but, he's been taking pictures of a bikini model, for a Jeep dealer's advertising."
"That's an interesting job."
"The girl is just...eye popping," Wendy said. "So sexy, but...so unpretentious. Really sweet. Sometimes I wonder if Richie's been with her. It's almost none of my business, because he's eighteen now, but I can't help but wonder. She's four or five years older than him I think, so maybe she wouldn't be interested." Wendy looked over a beautiful bra she took off the rack. "Sometimes I...picture them together. Is that awful?"
"No, I don't think so. I've thought about Austin with girls. I'm sure psychiatrists have a field day with it, but I think it's pretty normal mother behavior. We're women. They're men. They remind us of our husbands back when we fell in love with them. Speaking of husbands, how are things with Matt? Did the leopard-print kimono work on him?"
"It did. That's why I'm back for more," she smiled, holding a black lace babydoll up against the front of herself.
"That's hot," Barbara said. "You should walk down the hall in that one when Richie's home."
"Maybe when his friends are over," Wendy giggled.
Barbara smiled. "That's the spirit!"
—
Barbara tried on her purchases when she got home — a very naughty unlined lace bra and pantie set, a black plunge neck teddy, and a slinky little backless slip in black satin. She and Wendy had both bought new sports bras, too, sexy ones to wear while they worked out with Bobby and Albert. She figured she'd get triple duty out of some of the items — under her uniform at work, at home for lounging, and at the next party at the Jonston's house.
She was dying to show off the bra and panties to Austin when he got home, but they were ultra sheer and she chickened out. She compromised and wore the slinky little slip with just the panties under it. The backless side of it was the first thing he saw when he walked into the kitchen.
"What are you doin', Mom?" he said, smirking a little.
"Making dinner, Sweetheart."
He stood and silently looked her over, all leggy and satiny. "You've officially lost it."
Barbara knew he was kidding. "I'd rather be comfortable like Kay and Bobby, but this is fine," she said.
"Hey, don't let me stop you." He walked over and kissed her cheek. "What's for dinner?"
"Pork chops," she said, looking deep into his eyes. "Sometimes you sound just like your father." She had a powerful urge to kiss him like a woman, but she fought it.
"Did you buy that for Richie?" he said, looking at her profile. Her bare back was a beautiful visual accompaniment to her freely-moving, satin covered tits.
"No! I bought it for...everybody."
Austin smiled. He loved seeing his mom so happy, all smiles and twinkly eyes. He still wasn't sure what to make of the fact that she was banging Richie on a regular basis, but he liked the kid, and it seemed to be working out.
Austin took a bottle of beer out of the refrigerator and sat at the kitchen table, watching his mother work. She blushed at the attention, sensing his eyes on her long, bare legs, the curve of her bare back, and her gently swaying tits. She thought about Wendy, wondering if, after their talk, she was wearing any of her purchases in front of Richie at that exact moment.
"Did you know Kelsey's got a picture of you in her bedroom?" Austin asked.
Barbara stopped in her tracks, spatula in hand. She was glad she was facing away from Austin, so he couldn't see the confused excitement on her face. "Really? Of me?"
"You and her both," he said. "It's one that Richie took."
Barbara swallowed hard. If it was the same one she had, it was a beautiful, soft focus black and white. A super sexy image of a steamy sixty-nine, Barbara on top, her pussy and asshole wide open, glistening with well-licked wetness. Richie captured the moment just as the tip of Kelsey's tongue was touching tender, juicy flesh.
"Is it...the black and white?"
"Yeah. She put it in a frame."
"Oh...I...I like that one," Barbara said nervously. She kept working on her sautéed pork chops so she didn't have to make eye contact. "Did you see the rest of them?"
"No. She wanted to show me, but I chickened out. Maybe I will."
"Oh. Okay. Just so you know, there's...some of me with Richie."
"Yeah, Kel told me. She thinks it'd be good for me to look at them. To make things easier...at the parties."
"Oh. Yeah, I can see that I guess," Barbara said as she plated up the good smelling food. "She has an interesting way of seeing the world."
"You're tellin' me!"
Barbara brought the food to the table. The tits that "hang nicer than anyone's" were doing just that when she set the plates down, the black satin slip doing little to hide the lovely sight.
"So, what did you think of the picture? Richie and Erin are really talented, don't you think?"
"Yeah. It's...beautiful, Mom." He cut a piece of meat and smiled. "You should put it up on the bulletin board at the gym. You'd get lots of dates."
"From women?" Barbara chuckled.
"From men. Every guy in the place would wanna..."
Barbara's eyes flared with excitement. Am I really that fuckable, she wondered? In the eyes of my beautiful son? He spends his time with stunning naked twenty-two-year-old girls, and he thinks every guy would wantme?
"Maybe I should talk to someone other than Wendy and Bobby and Albert when I'm there. There aren't many single men, though."
"Who's Wendy?"
Barbara's heart nearly stopped. She'd purposely avoided telling Austin about Wendy, worried of what he'd think of her befriending the mother of the boy she was fucking. "She's...Richie's mom."
"Youknowher?"
"We met at the gym and became friends. I didn't know she was his mom. Needless to say, it was pretty awkward when I found out. It's all just happened today. I'm still not sure what to do about it."
"What does Richie think?"
"I don't know. He just found out, too. We haven't talked about it yet. I texted him, but all he said was "OK". I was hoping he'd stop by."
"So, his mom knows about ..."
"No!"
"That's kinda messed up, Mom."
"Youthink? I couldn't believe it when I walked into her house today and she introduced me to him."
"Oh, shit! Mom!" Richie giggled. "Well, maybe it's not so bad. You didn't get mad when you found out about my older woman friends."
"You were older, Richie. I got plenty mad up in New Hampshire, remember? I just never thought I'd be in the middle of something like this."
"It's the new you. You're a lot happier than you used to be."
Barbara put a forkful of food in her mouth and looked down at herself. The little slip had ridden up her legs, barely covering the lacy panties underneath. The black satin draped over her tits in a softly sexy way. She really was a new woman, compared to just a few months ago. She was happy where she was. The Richie situation was complicated, but things had a way of working out. She learned that from Kelsey.
—
"That guy's checkin' you out," Wendy said, two days later at the gym. "Those new clothes are workin', girl!"
Barbara and Wendy both had on the sexy sports bras they bought at Victoria's Secret. Barbara had kicked things up a notch with bicycle-short style leggings that clung to her like white on rice. She wore nothing underneath them. It was the first time she'd done that, and it felt wickedly naughty. When she did her stretches and mat work, the camel-toe was right out there, especially from the back.
"Did you wear any of your new stuff in front of Richie's friends yet?" Barbara asked. She and Wendy were standing next to each other, legs apart, doing toe touches.
"Not intentionally, but Richie saw me. I was in the bathroom putting on my makeup, in that lacy babydoll. I though he'd leave when he saw I was dressed like that, but he just stood there and talked to me about school. You remember how see-through that thing is. It kinda freaked me out a little."
"Good freaky or bad freaky?" Barbara asked.
"I'm embarrassed to say."
Barbara smiled. "We'll make a MILF out of you yet."
"AMILF! Oh my God!"
"Isn't that the goal? Isn't that why we're here, sweatin' our asses off?"
Wendy smiled. "I guess."
—
That evening, Barbara finally got the text she was hoping for from Richie. He was on his way over.
The meeting wasn't as awkward as Barbara had feared. Richie had already deduced, from things his mother said, that the two women had met after his sexual relationship with Barbara was well underway. It had taken him a few days to get used to the idea of his mother being so close to what was happening.
"I hate to say this, but if you want to stop seeing me I'll understand," Barbara said.
"That's not happening. I'd rather have her mad at me than do that."
"Richie, she's your mother. Your relationship with her should come first."
"I know. It's okay. She probably won't find out anyway."
"What about me?" Barbara said. "She's my friend, too. What if I said I wanted to stop."
"Do you?"
"No. But I should. I'm almost thirty years older than you, Richie. Doesn't that ever bother you?"
Richie shook his head and smiled. Barbara loved it. It was the same smile that lit up his face when he was between her legs, eating her pussy. The same smile that greeted her when he removed her blindfold after some dirty, sweaty bondage play. The same smile that she could see behind his camera when it was focused on her tits. She was in love with the adorable boy, and was quietly thrilled that he'd decided to stay with her.
She guided him to a kitchen chair and straddled him on it. "Open me," she said, looking down at her deep cleavage in the leopard-print kimono robe Richie loved.
He untied the sash and buried his face in the warmth of her tits. Barb wanted to ask about his mother's identical robe, but she decided it was too soon for that. The thought excited her, though. She would definitely bring up the topic after Richie had gotten used to things.
Barbara wobbled her shoulders, playing her big tits across Richie's happy looking face. He was hard as a rock underneath her, so she opened his pants, eased his cock out and fucked him, right there in the chair. He chewed at her tits, moaning loud, pumping his young seed up inside her as she came. It was a grinding, wickedly hot start to the evening.
A new restraint system for Barbara's bed had arrived on the UPS truck a few days before, so she had Richie lash her down with it and blindfold her. His face was buried in her pussy when Austin got home. Barbara's loud, giggly moans kept them from hearing his arrival. They didn't hear his footsteps down the hall, either. Richie was lost in his happy work, so he didn't notice when Austin paused at the open bedroom doorway, looking in at his writhing, tied up mother.
It was his first good look at her in the throws of sexual passion since the fateful day he and Kelsey found her in handcuffs with the big black dildo inside her. Seeing her with Richie was different, though. It wasn't a shocking sight to Austin, the way it was the first time. It was a whole lot sexier. As he watched, her back writhed into a high arch, over and over again. Her hips worked furiously against Richie's hungry mouth. She wasn't a mother anymore. She was a stunningly sexual woman.
Austin stepped silently into his room. He left the door open and climbed onto his bed. He closed his eyes and listened.
He smiled after he got used to things, amused by the ebb and flow between the two lovers. Neither one was afraid to tell the other what they wanted. Austin hadn't noticed that level of confidence in Richie when he was with Kelsey and the girls. His mother was teaching the boy well.
It wasn't too long before Austin's big cock was out in his hand. He stroked himself to a messy finish as he listened to his mother's screams of pleasure. He cleaned up with a few tissues and curled up on his side, drifting into that half asleep state where everything sounds dreamy. He stayed there for an hour while Barbara had beautiful orgasm after beautiful orgasm. "Fuck me like I'm your mother!" she growled devilishly at one particularly high point. It was one of those near-orgasmic exclamations that come out of nowhere, the ones that are barely remembered.
A little while later, after some slower, less frantic wind-down sex, Austin heard Barbara walk Richie down the hall, the two of them all lovey-dovey, saying their mumbled goodbyes. Barbara walked back to her bedroom after he left, and was shocked to hear someone in the bathroom. Her heart was pounding as she wondered what to do.
"Austin?...Is that you?"
"Yeah, I'll be out in a minute, Mom."
"Where did you come from? Have you...been here?"
"Yeah, a while," Austin said.
He opened the door and leaned against the opening. Barbara's leopard-print kimono robe was gaping open. She pulled it closed and cinched the strap when Austin just stood there looking at her. Her post-orgasmic brain was still in sex mode. Having a man so near gave her the tingles, but the 'he's my son' side of her brain was controlling her body language. After the robe was closed she crossed her arms. It had the unintended effect of boosting her cleavage, but Barbara didn't realize that. She looked more vulnerable, and younger, than Austin had ever seen her.
"A while?" she said, sounding confused. "Austin!"
"It's okay, Mom. Don't worry about it."
Barbara didn't know what to think. It seemed like every situation she found herself in, ever since meeting Kelsey, was a brain twister. "Well...I'msupposedto worry about it. Are you okay?"
"I'm okay," Austin said, with a gentle, loving smile. "Are you hungry? Is there any of that pasta left?"
"I'm starved," Barbara said. "And I'm dying for a glass of wine."
"That's what you get for dating guys who aren't old enough to drink."
"Oh my God," she said, shaking her head at her own behavior.
"I guess I know why you're in such good shape now," Austin smirked. "It's got nothin' to do with the gym."
"All right, smart aleck! Kitchen! Let's get something to eat."
They sat at the kitchen table, eating leftover pasta. Barbara's hair was a beautiful mess, and her naked body was barely concealed. Austin could smell the sex on her, and was surprised he was almost as turned on as he was when he was around Kay and Trinny. Now that he'd seen his mom and Richie together in the flesh, he made a mental note to have a look at the rest of the photographs the next time he was at Kelsey's. He was anxious to see them.