I have been going to the same salon to get waxed for years. Selina is an excellent esthetician, and I'd been loyal to her ever since I started seeing her. She worked in a small salon, and had a private room that was decorated in light pink and rose gold. She always kept her space tidy and sterile, and she did good work for a fair price. Selina was attractive and blonde, in her forties with a grown child, and had a petite build with surprisingly large breasts. We'd shared various details about ourselves and updates about our lives over the years.
When I started getting waxeddown there, I was a bit self-conscious. I think most people are--I mean, you have to let a stranger touch your privates. Only unlike most people, the prospect of spreading my legs didn't make me nervous. It was actually a little exciting. Having someone examine my privates fed right into my exhibitionist tendencies and I learned it was a slightly arousing experience, despite the pain that came with it.
The first time I went in for a waxing, I was curious and unsure how my body would react. When I undressed in the private room, I did a quick check of my pussy before she came in. I found my slit a little wet which was embarrassing, but I hoped it wasn't enough to be noticeable.
I had been given a sheet to drape over my lap while I waited, just like one would be given when getting a massage. Once Selina came in, she had me butterfly my legs while she pulled the privacy sheet up. I felt exposed in that position, but the air against my privates felt nice. Feeling my clit pulse, I looked down. It had grown slightly swollen. To me, I felt like a teenage boy popping an untimely boner in front of a doctor. Luckily, I knew this was much more subtle than that and she probably wouldn't even notice. The session turned out fine, and of course, Selina was professional the whole time.
Once I got the first time over with and knew what to expect from my body, I stopped being nervous. I always got a little aroused when I parted my legs, but never enough to be inappropriate or very obvious.
-
I had a Brazilian waxing scheduled for 11 AM on Saturday.
I masturbate most mornings while I take my shower, massaging myself to orgasm with the detachable showerhead, and that day was no different. I had been especially horny for no particular reason and it had only taken a minute or two for me to reach a sudden climax that didn't fully relieve my needs. It's not unusual for me to touch myself more than once a day, and a couple hours later I found myself needing another release. Since my first round had been so quick and hadn't fully satisfied me, I took my time during my second session, edging myself to build up the pleasure. I ended up masturbating for about 45 minutes before finally letting myself have an intense orgasm that left me cummy and out of breath. Distracted by my own need for pleasure, I'd lost track of time and realized shortly after I climaxed that I was going to be late for my appointment if I didn't leave immediately. I pulled my pants on and rushed out the door, thankful it was a short drive.
By the time I got to the salon, I realized I had a problem. I'd run out of the house without even wiping myself up in my hurry. I'd thrown on yoga pants and not even bothered with panties. I could feel that the whole crotch of my pants was wet from the juice that was still dripping from me.
After being led to Selina's room and left alone to undress from the waist down, I took my pants off quickly and got on the table. In the few seconds I had before Selina came in, I looked down at my crotch. To my horror, my vagina looked a little puffy and shiny with fluids. I could faintly smell my arousal and wondered just how much cum was still there, but I knew I didn't have time to examine myself closely.
Hearing her approach, I hurriedly covered myself with the modesty sheet and lay back on the table. We greeted each other normally, and then she told me to spread my legs. I held my breath as she pulled the sheet back and I parted my knees. The air felt cool on my pussy--an indication the skin was still moist.
I watched Selina pause as she looked at my vagina. Then with both gloved hands, she pushed my lips apart so she could see it all and even checked between where my labia transitioned to my butt cheeks. She raised her brows slightly.
She'd never made a comment in the past, but apparently this exceeded her ability to remain quietly professional. "There's a lot of clean up to do today before I can wax you." Though it was vague, the meaning was clear to me. Cum had gotten all over and had clearly made a sticky mess and had dripped from my pussy down to my ass.
"Sorry," I apologized briefly. I was mortified. It made my pussy contract involuntarily, which of course, Selina would see clearly. Even from where I was, my swollen clit was visible. I didn't know what to say. I certainly didn't want to tell her the truth; that I had been masturbating right before seeing her.
She started wiping down my labia which felt cool and made my pussy tingle. She used her gloved fingers to gently spread my lips while she cleaned me thoroughly. She put down the damp cloth and exchanged it for a clean one. When she looked back, she seemed slightly surprised. "It might be hard to wax since you're still leaking. More was coming out by the time I switched cloths."
Her words made my cunt throb. My pussy liked being the center of attention and hearing her observations was inconveniently arousing.
"I'm so sorry," I apologized again.
She explored my slick folds lightly with her fingers as she examined my womanhood. "I'll try to make it stop so I can work."
I was going to ask how, but before I had a chance, I got my answer as she pushed two fingers easily into my slippery slit. I gasped, staring at her as she curled her fingers inside me, absolutely stunned. Being bisexual, it definitely wasn't a turn off for me to have a woman between my legs, but it didn't make her actions any less shocking.
"I've seen your vagina enough times to recognize that it's engorged today. And as I expected, your channel is wet and feels a bit swollen. We can probably reduce the arousal with an orgasm which might help stop the cum leak."
"An orgasm?" If it wasn't for her fingers inside me, I would have thought I'd misheard.
"I'll take my tits out so you can look at them if you'd like."
Fuck yeah, I wanted to see Selina's big titties. She was wearing a spaghetti strap top and obviously no bra. She'd had a boob job a few years back and now her tits were large and perky even without a bra which she frequently took advantage of. She pulled the straps off her shoulders and peeled the shirt down, easily exposing herself.
I stared at her perfect jugs with their boldly protruding nipples. She finger fucked me with one hand and with the other hand she rolled her nipples between her fingers and then tugged on them one at a time. They looked very erect when she was done and fit proportionately with her tits. My pussy clenched and my nub bounced excitedly.
She lowered her head between my legs, lightly licking the tip of my twitching clitoris. Sensitive from my recent pleasure sessions, it was still significantly engorged. I couldn't hold back a moan at the contact. Sensing I needed a light touch, she continued to lick the hard point gently as she pumped her fingers steadily in me.
"Fuck," I groaned, thrusting a little as time went on and indicating I was ready for more intense stimulation. She gave it some heavy licks before placing her lips to it. Then she began to suck gently. I had to work to not cry out loudly, and instead, kept it down to moans. "Oh fuck," I whispered again. "That's exactly how I like it." Getting my nub sucked on was a sure way to get me to cum.
She increased the suction and then slowly moved her head back a little, pulling my clit with her. She somehow used her tongue to stimulate my clitoral hood while she did so. My eyes rolled at the unexpected pleasure. She let it go slowly, ending with a soft pop. My hood was puffy and my pleasure point was fully erect. Both were protruding, begging for more attention.
When she started sucking again, going back to the technique I'd praised before, I put my hands on her head, holding her down so she'd stay latched onto my button. It was hard to believe that my esthetician was giving me oral, but she was and I was loving it.
"You're going to make me cum soon," I told her. "Don't stop sucking me off until I'm done cumming."
She continued the same movement with dedication while my breathing grew heavy.
"Suck my clit, suck my clit," I panted, keeping her head in place with my hand.
All my muscles clenched and then the tension burst. "Ahhh!" I cried out softly, keeping my volume low so we wouldn't be heard outside her room. My cunt was pulsing intensely on her fingers and pleasure radiated through my body.
As I instructed, Selina suckled me all the way through my climax. It felt too good and I didn't let her move her head.
"Keep going. I'm not done cumming." It was a white lie. I'd had an incredible orgasm but my body was begging me to keep going and I knew I'd peak again with just a little more stimulation. "Suck it a little harder this time." I was three orgasms in for the day already, and I was ready to make it four.
My legs trembled with pleasure as she kept going. Harder, as I'd requested. It wouldn't take long to get what I needed.
"Yes, yes." I had started humping her hand a little and could hear how loud and wet it was down there. She kept my juicy nub locked firmly between her lips. "That's it!" I was swept with waves of pleasure. I noticed she was pumping little squirts out of me with her fingers while I climaxed.
"Okay, okay, stop," I said urgently, pushing her back suddenly so that she stopped stimulating me and withdrew her fingers.
I was still cumming hard, but was now too sensitive to touch. My attention was fixed on my spasming pussy, as was Selina's. My clit was bouncing up and down. Now that Selina wasn't fingering me, I was ejaculating upwards in a small steady stream. I rode out the last of my convulsions as I stared at the erotic sight. I liked how Selina's tits were framed in the background so I could also see them while I came.
I was panting, exhausted, and covered in my own sex juice by the time I had come down from my climax.
So much for cleaning up.
"Holy shit, you suck clit well," I said, still a little breathless.
"Juicy ones like yours are my favorite to suck on."
"You got a great boob job, by the way," I told her, staring at them boldly. They almost looked natural and I couldn't even see scars. The only thing that gave it away was that they were just slightly too perfect to be real.
"Thanks," she smiled, doing a little shimmy so they bounced around. "Going under the muscle is definitely worth the extra pain."
"Noted." I didn't think I wanted a boob job, but if I ever changed my mind, I would definitely be getting the name of her surgeon.
Selina wiped down my privates and thighs, cleaning up my mess once again. "I have to warn you, it might be a bit more painful than usual today. In my personal experience, immediately post-orgasm I'm more sensitive. Could you stand up for a moment so I can get a dry towel down?"
I stood up, seeing the massive wet spot that had completely saturated the towel. She pulled it off, revealing a wet table too, and wiped it down with disinfectant before laying a clean one down.
"How about we go with a bikini wax instead of a Brazilian today?" I suggested as I got back on the table. I liked to change up my pubic hair style sometimes anyway, and I knew a bikini wax would be much faster and would avoid some of my more sensitive parts.
She nodded and got to work. I took a few deep breaths, feeling physically relaxed even though my mind was still spinning from the shocking turn of events.
"Do you do that to other clients?" I couldn't help asking.
"I have some special... routines, or allowances, I make with some of my very trusted long-term clients."
"What sort of routines?"
"Well, one of my clients, for example--a nice man in his fifties who I've seen for about five years now--would always have a partial erection when he got on the table. Perfectly normal for me to see the occasional hard-on. It's just a natural reaction. But with him it was every single time. I never saw it exposed since I do body hair grooming for him and not genitals, but even through his pants, it was easy to see. After a year or so, I learned through a casual conversation that he likes tits. Loves them. Has a big tit fetish, in fact. So he couldn't help getting a boner when he was staring at my girls."
"Then what?" I was intrigued.
"I noticed after that conversation, he stared at my tits more boldly, and his dick would get even harder while he'd be on the table. Eventually, he was always coming in and leaving with a full erection. One day, when my back was turned, I was feeling daring and decided to pull my shirt down enough so my nipples were popping out and then acted like nothing happened, waiting for him to notice. Of course, he did immediately. Long story short, theroutineyou asked about is that now I do his sessions with my tits out. When I'm done, I let him jerk off and cum on them. Needless to say," she chuckled, "he's a very generous tipper."
"I imagine so!" I had an arousing mental image of a man pleasuring himself and blowing a huge load on her tits.
She finished up her work and I pulled my yoga pants back on. When she rung me up, I was a little surprised that it was her standard price and she hadn't charged more for her special service. Of course, I gave her a substantial tip. We scheduled my next appointment a few weeks out.
"Mm, perfect timing," she checked her watch. "Just long enough to rub one out before my next client." Seeing my surprised expression, she added, "I masturbate between clients more often than you'd think."
I was a little disappointed when I left, as I found myself wishing I could partake in her orgasm. I would have been more than happy to return the favor. Maybe next time.
I touched myself the second I got home, vividly recalling every detail from my encounter with Selina as I rubbed myself hard and fast. I brought myself to an orgasm that was powerful enough to make me scream within a few minutes.
When I had my final pleasure session as I lay in bed that night, I played with my nub while I imagined Selina masturbating herself at work, splayed out on her own table.
I wondered if I would ever experience a repeat of my unusual appointment that day. I sure hoped so.
Maybe if I went in fully aroused again...