Live Steam 9

"That was really a turning point for me," Sophie said to the camera. "I had crossed a line I never thought I would. Not only had I actually asked this amazing man to blackmail me, but I happily posted a picture online of my own face covered in cum and writing."
Sophie sniffled again, looking a little sad.
"Something had switched, and the fear of being caught was slowly going away and replaced with the desire to actually be caught."

Chapter 8 - In A Car Park

Sophie's latest photo revealing her face properly for the first time had more likes and comments than she ever expected. Hundreds. Hundreds of men, maybe women, liking and commenting on it.
"What a stupid bitch, showing herself like this!"
"Yep, she's definitely ruining her life - still hot though."
"I wonder how many men have covered that pretty face in cum."
Sophie loved every single one of those comments, and she wanted more.
The "SLUT" that was written on her forehead wasn't as permanent as the marker she used on her body. Actually, it washed off fairly easily, which Sophie was relieved about. She did not want Cara to see that on her forehead.
But as she sat on her bed, toying with the idea of making herself cum again, she had a message come through.
JaneBby:Look at you, posting a full face pic covered in cum! I'm proud! And horny!
Sophie smiled as she read the message and typed back.
Beth18:I know, fuck it, why not!
JaneBby:Exactly. What are you doing today? Want to meet up, I need that tongue back on my cunt.
Beth18:I'm supposed to be in a lecture in a few hours... but I can blow it off for you.
JaneBby:Perfect, I'll pick you up. Send me your address.
Sophie didn't hesitate and sent Jane where she lived. Jane said she would be over in an hour.
In that time Sophie just relaxed at home. Cara had gone to Uni, so she was all alone when a message from Jacob came.
JB:Send me your number.
Sophie immediately did, and he texted her straight away.
Jacob:I liked your photo online. Guess you want to expose yourself, slut. Not trying to take my blackmail power away, are you?
Sophie:Not at all. I told you, I want you to blackmail me. I just wanted everyone online to be able to see the real slut that I am.
Jacob:Good girl. For now, just keep wearing your slutty clothes. I'll let you know when I next have a task for you.
Sophie:Yes, sir.
Shortly after, Sophie received a message from Jane that she was outside.
She ran out, dressed in a short blue skirt and a tight blue t-shirt that, like always, showed her nipples poking through. She also wore those black, thigh high tights that Jacob got her. Something about wearing them and others knowing she only had thigh highs on really turned her on.
To her surprise, Jane was in a very expensive looking, very large car.
"Hey, nice car!" Sophie said as she jumped in.
"Oh yeah, thanks." Jane replied.
"What do you do for work to afford this?" Sophie asked as she put on her seatbelt.
"Oh, I do admin for a construction company. This cars my dad's." Jane said.
Sophie looked across the car. She almost forgot how beautiful Jane was with her smooth pale skin, long red hair, and tight, thin body.
Jane was dressed in a red skirt, nothing too fancy, but it stopped high up her thigh, leaving her bare legs on show.
Jane then started to drive.
"Well, Beth, what can I say?" Jane said. "You looked so fucking hot in that last photo!"
Oh shit, she still thinks my name is Beth.
"So, erm, my name's not actually Beth," Sophie told her. "It's Sophie."
Although Jane was watching where she was driving, she pulled a funny face.
"Wait, so who's Beth?" She asked.
"That's just the name I use online to try and keep my identity a secret." Sophie said.
"I get that," Jane told her. "I appreciate you telling me though."
"Well, we have had sex," Sophie laughed. "And I'm assuming I'm going to be between those legs again today... so I thought it was fair enough you knowing."
"Oh, you are definitely getting between my legs today." Jane told her.
I can't believe I never thought about being with another woman before Jane!
"So, tell me about the photo. How did that come about?" Jane asked.
Sophie blushed a little at the mention of it.
"Well, I, erm, I met a guy," Sophie said, "He was really rough with me, but in a good way. He properly treated me like a slut. He wrote on my head, and I guess he got the idea from my other video. So then when I saw the photo, I just had an urge to post it."
Jane let out a little chuckle.
"Oh yeah, I know that feeling," She said. "So now you've officially shown your face. I mean there was that other video, but with this one, there's no denying it's you."
Sophie blushed again. It was true, but she liked it.
"You know," Jane spoke again, "it's pretty hot. Maybe you should take your shirt off."
My shirt?
"I'm not wearing a bra if you hadn't noticed." Sophie joked.
A coy smile appeared on Jane's face.
"I know. I want your tits out while I drive." The red head told Sophie.
Sophie looked around. They were still very close to where she lived, and the streets weren't exactly quiet. Sure, they were higher up in this large car but anyone looking would easily see her tits.
Anyone could see my tits?
With a confident smile, Sophie grabbed her top and pulled it off over her head. Her big, soft, heavy tits bounced free as she threw the t-shirt onto the floor.
"Good girl," Jane whispered, "There's the slut I know."
Sophie felt free as she looked out the window and felt her tits move with her body. They drove past a lot of people, and anyone turning their head would get an eye full of a half-naked 18 year old, which excited Sophie more.
A hand then appeared on Sophie's right breast and grabbed it. Sophie turned in shock but moaned when Jane's fingers rubbed against her stiff nipple.
"Sorry, couldn't help myself." Jane said with a smile.
"I think you're a bad influence on me." Sophie joked.
"Please, you love it." Jane scoffed back, her left hand still playing with Sophie's nipple.
Sophie bit her bottom lip. Just having one of Jane's hands on her nipple made the space between her legs start to soak.
I'm actually doing this. Fuck, I love it!
Jane kept driving through the town, and Sophie met a few people's eyes and saw shocked looks on their faces when they saw that her tits were out, all of which just turned her on more.
Being so lost in her own desires, Sophie didn't realise that Jane was pulling her car up until she stopped.
"Where are we?" Sophie asked. She looked around and saw they were in the corner of a very large car park. "I thought we were going back to yours?"
"I've had a better idea," Jane said, undoing her seatbelt. "I want to fuck you here."
"What?!" Sophie shouted, looking around. The car park wasn't full, but it definitely wasn't empty.
Jane didn't say anything. Instead, she grabbed Sophie's head and shoved her tongue into her mouth.
Oooh god!Sophie moaned in shock.
Her seat belt was still on, which made it awkward, but Sophie very quickly melted into Jane's kiss, and within seconds, was passionately making out with the beautiful red head.
Jane pulled back a few inches and stared deep into Sophie's eyes.
"Only problem with fucking here is that I don't have my strap on." Jane told her.
Strap on?Sophie thought,Why didn't she use that last time!
"Come on, let's get in the back." Jane said.
Sophie undid her seatbelt and opened the door, but as soon as the warm air hit her, she remembered that her top was off. She had another look around before running to the back seat, her tits bouncing as she moved.
In the back, Jane was leaning forward, getting close to the front window.
Sophie could see up her short dress to a direct view of her smooth, delicious pussy.
When Jane moved back, Sophie saw that she had stuck something onto the front window that held her phone pointing directly at them both.
"This is going to be so hot." Jane said.
She's filming all this?Sophie thought, but once again, Jane lunged and planted their lips together.
Sophie was sitting back, and Jane was practically on top of her as their tongues pressed together. Sophie's hands reached around and held onto Jane's back.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned into her mouth.
I forgot how good it feels to kiss a girl.
Jane's hands were all over Sophie's big tits - grabbing them, squeezing them, and playing with her nipples. It didn't take long for Sophie to be a moaning mess beneath her.
As they made out, Jane unzipped the side of Sophie's skirt and grabbed hold of it. Sophie smiled at her, her lips wet from kissing, and she sat up. Jane pulled the skirt down, and Sophie kicked it away.
There she was, completely naked in the back of a car, in the middle of the day. She looked around again but couldn't see anyone too close.
Sophie then reached for Jane's dress. It was easy enough to lift off over her head, and finally, they were both naked.
From the look in Jane's eyes, it was clear she wasn't worried about being caught.
Suddenly Jane straddled on top of Sophie. Their hot, naked bodies pressed together, and their tits squished into each other as they made out again.
Jane's soft lips kept pressing against Sophie's thick lips, their tongues attacking each other.
Sophie reached around and grabbed onto Sophie's ass, and before she knew what she was doing, she was making Jane grind back and forth on her lap.
"I'm so fucking horny." Jane moaned into Sophie's mouth.
"Me too." Sophie whispered.
"Right then," Jane said and got off of Sophie. "Get up and turn around."
"What?" Sophie asked, but Jane took the lead and handled Sophie's small body.
The 18 year old turned around and got onto her knees, her face looking out the back window and her ass sticking in the air. When she turned around, she knew that the phone was aiming directly at her and would be able to see everything.
Jane spanked Sophie's thick ass and grabbed them, shaking them in her hands.
Sophie looked forward, although she could feel her pussy leaking down her thigh. In front of her, further away in the car park, people were walking around, getting in and out of cars.
They all have no idea that two naked girls are fucking so close to them!
"I couldn't believe it when I saw that video of you fucking yourself," Jane said as she kept playing with Sophie's ass cheeks. "You could've told me you like your asshole being played with."
"Whaaaaatttttt?!" Sophie moaned out in shock when a soft, wet tongue pressed against her tight, smooth asshole.
Jane was holding Sophie's cheeks open as her tongue flicked up and down her tight hole.
"Holy fuck... you're rimming me." Sophie panted.
She had never experienced that before.
"Mmm, yeah I am," Jane whispered between licks, "nearly as good as your pussy."
Jane then pressed the base of her tongue against Sophie's asshole, moving it up and down and licking it like an ice cream cone.
The feeling was surreal, so different to the pleasure of having her pussy licked, but equally as good.
"Oh god... fucking hell." Sophie moaned.
Jane's tongue was like magic, spreading spit around her tight asshole and making her body tingle all over.
"You like me eating your big ass?" Jane whispered between licks.
"Yeah... fuck yeah, it feels amazing." Sophie moaned.
She kept looking forward, watching people walking around the car park as she was getting rimmed for the first time in her life.
Jane's tongue pulled back, but Sophie felt her warm breath still near her asshole, her hands still pulling Sophie's cheeks apart.
Then one loud spit came, and it struck directly on Sophie's tight, little hole.
"Mmm fuck, that's hot." Jane whispered.
Her head moved, but her hands kept her ass cheeks spread. Sophie could only imagine the view from the phone.
That was when Jane's fingertip started to rub the spit around her asshole.
"Jane... what... what are you doing?" Sophie moaned.
"What do you think," Jane asked and then pushed her finger, knuckle deep, into Sophie's ass. "I'm fingering your asshole."
"Fuuuucckk meeeeee!" Sophie moaned as the rim of her ass clenched around Jane's finger.
I'm in the back of a fucking car getting my asshole fingered in the middle of the day! What the fuck!
"You like it, don't you?" Jane whispered, her finger moving slowly in and out.
"Yeah..." Sophie panted.
SPANK!
"Yeah, what?" Jane moaned.
"Yes, I like you fingering my asshole!" Sophie moaned in response. "Finger my fat ass like the fucking whore I am!"
"There she is." Jane said with a smile.
Jane's finger started to move in and out faster, hitting some spots inside of Sophie that made her legs twitch.
When Jane pulled Sophie's head to one side, Sophie just opened her mouth and accepted Jane's tongue.
They made out as Jane fingered Sophie's asshole faster and faster.
"Oh fuck... fucking hell! That feels so fucking good!" Sophie moaned.
"Yeah it does, you fucking slut." Jane growled back.
"I'm a slut! I'm your slut! Oh fuck, I love it!" Sophie moaned.
"You're my anal slut now as well, aren't you?" Jane asked.
"Yes! Fuck yes! Fuck my asshole!" Sophie moaned.
Jane's head disappeared, but then Sophie felt a second finger at the entrance of her asshole.
"Ooooh fuuuuccckk!" Sophie shouted out as her rim stretched open and accepted another finger inside.
Jane kept pushing until both were deep inside of her.
"You're so tight." Jane said.
"So good, oh god, finger this whore's asshole." Sophie panted.
Jane started to push and pull both fingers in and out of Sophie's asshole with ease. She had fully opened up to it and was enjoying every second.
Sophie had closed her eyes and was just enjoying the pleasure, but then she heard a car moving outside. She opened her eyes again and saw the car not too far away, driving into the car park.
What if they see? Fuck, I want them to see! I want them to see me getting my asshole fingered like a dirty slut!
Jane didn't notice since she was too busy finger fucking Sophie's asshole.
"Now, I need a taste of that." Jane then said.
That was when Sophie finally felt Jane's soft, wet tongue press against her soaked pussy.
"FUUCK YEEES!! EAT MY CUNT!" Sophie shouted as the car carried on driving past, and she looked directly at it.
Jane's tongue was doing wonders to Sophie's needy pussy as she carried on fingering Sophie's ass.
For a while, Sophie just stayed there, moaning like a whore. Sweat started to bead up on Sophie's back as the sun hit her face through the window.
"Right," Jane said and spanked Sophie's ass, "Turn around. I need a proper go at this pussy."
Her fingers left Sophie's stretched asshole that immediately clenched shut, and she spun around, wiping the sweat from her forehead before sitting with her legs spread directly at the phone.
"Here, clean these, slut." Jane said.
Before Sophie knew what was happening, the two fingers that were just fucking her ass were pressed into her mouth. It was horrifying and shocking! But fucking amazing.
"Mmm." Sophie moaned, surprised that she couldn't taste anything and kept licking and sucking her fingers.
"You really are nasty, aren't you." Jane laughed.
Sophie gave them one last suck and looked at Jane.
"I want to be the nastiest slut in the world." Sophie moaned back.
Jane kissed Sophie again before working her way down her fit body. Sophie was panting and sweating inside the car as she watched Jane's face go between her legs.
She looked up and saw the camera aiming directly at her, her naked body with Jane between her legs, her full face on show,fuck it.
"Ooooh fuuck yes!" Sophie moaned out. She was so focused on the phone that she didn't realise Jane's tongue moved to her pussy.
"Mmm, still delicious." Jane whispered between licks.
Sophie's eyes kept switching from looking at Jane to looking at the phone. She instinctively wanted to show herself off, and she grabbed her big tits and squeezed them as Jane's tongue moved up and down her slit.
"Oh fuck. God, you're so good at that." Sophie moaned.
Jane's tongue moved up and down, gently sucking in her lips and massaging them. Then she pressed the base of her tongue against Sophie's clit and pushed two fingers deep inside of her.
"Yeees! Finger me! Fuck me! Fuck this pathetic whore!" Sophie moaned.
Jane moved to the side, giving the camera a good view of Sophie with her legs spread open and Jane finger fucking her as hard as possible.
"Oh yeah, you like that, you dirty fucking slut?" Jane moaned.
"Yeeeeeaahhh!" Sophie moaned back.
Jane started to grab at her tits, playing with her nipples as she fingered Sophie.
Please slap me!Sophie thought, thinking of when Jacob did it.
But before she could say anything, Jane dove her mouth back down to Sophie's pussy.
"YYYESS! EAT ME! EAT THIS FUCKING WHORE!" Sophie moaned.
"Mmm!" Jane moaned back.
The fingering and the licking were too good, and Sophie felt her orgasm building more and more.
Her hands slammed down onto the car seats, and her chest heaved up and down as she panted.
"I'M GONNA CUM! MAKE ME FUCKING CUM! YES! FFUUUUCKK I'M FUCKING CUUUMMIIINNNGGG!!!" She screamed.
She had completely forgotten that they were in a car park as she screamed at the top of her lungs. Her pussy clenched around Jane's fingers as her entire body jerked over and over again to this amazing pleasure.
"Oh god, oh fuck! Fuck! Fuck me!" Sophie kept panting.
By the time she stopped cumming, her hair was stuck to her sweaty face, and she was struggling to breathe.
Jane gave one last lick and moved up.
"Good?" Jane asked with a cocky smile.
"So fucking good." Sophie panted.
The two girls carried on making out for a few minutes, but Sophie's lust wasn't going anywhere, even after her earth-shattering orgasm.
"Right, my turn." Jane said and smiled.
They swapped positions so that Jane was sitting with her legs open looking at the phone, and then Sophie got between her legs.
Sophie stared at the other woman's beautiful, wet pussy.
Without any doubt in her mind, she leant forward and pressed her tongue against it.
"Mmmm!" Sophie moaned, forgetting just how good her pussy actually tasted.
"That's it, my little slut, you enjoy." Jane whispered.
Sophie ran her wet tongue up and down, spreading her spit all over Jane's pussy and then gently sucking one of her lips into her mouth. She used her tongue to massage it and heard the other woman start to moan.
God, I love licking her pussy.
Sophie took her time, enjoying covering every inch of Jane's delicious pussy with her tongue.
"Finger me," Jane panted. "Finger my pussy, you slut."
Sophie's already wet pussy twitched again.
She pressed two fingers at the entrance of Jane's pussy and pushed them inside of her. It was a feeling she couldn't explain, having her fingers inside of a warm, tight, wet pussy, but Sophie loved it.
Curving her fingers up, Sophie found Jane's G-spot and massaged it as her tongue pressed against her clit.
"Fuuck yes, that's it," Jane moaned. "I love seeing your pretty face between my legs."
"Mmmm!" Sophie moaned back.
It didn't take long for Sophie to be properly fingering and licking Jane's cunt. Jane was moaning louder, gripping onto Sophie's hair.
"Wait!" Jane shouted.
She leant forward, and Sophie had to bend to the side. When Jane sat back, she had her phone in her hands.
"Better view." She said with a smile.
Sophie loved it and immediately went back to licking at her pussy. In fact, she stuck her tongue out so that her face was still free to see.
"You like licking my cunt, don't you?" Jane moaned.
"Yes." Sophie said between licks.
"Why is that?" Jane panted again.
Sophie did one long lick all up her pussy and looked directly at the phone.
"Because I'm a cunt licking, cock sucking, cum craving whore." She said and then went back to attacking Jane's pussy with her tongue.
"Oooh, you nasty fucking bitch!" Jane moaned.
The red head moaned louder and louder as Sophie pleasured her. It wasn't long until she was twitching against the younger woman.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna cum. Don't fucking stop!" Jane panted.
Sophie looked up as she licked and saw the phone aimed directly at her.
"That's it, ooh fuck, yes!" Jane moaned louder and gripped Sophie's hair, pulling her head deeper in. "I'm gonna cum, Sophie! Make me fucking cum!"
"Mmmmm!" Sophie moaned.
She fingered Jane faster, constantly flicking Jane's clit with her tongue.
"Oooooh fuuuucck I'm cumminngggg!!" Jane shouted.
Sophie felt Jane's pussy twitching around her fingers. Jane's legs started to tremble and shake as she moaned louder and louder.
"Fuuckk yeeeeaahh!" Jane moaned.
She was pulling Sophie's head deeper into her pussy as she twitched and moved, and her pussy juices were spreading all over the bottom half of Sophie's face, who fucking loved it!
By the time she was done, Sophie looked up. She felt how sticky her lips and chin were and smiled.
Jane then flicked off the phone and pulled Sophie up for another kiss.
With Sophie straddling Jane in the back of the car, the two women passionately made out for another 15 minutes. Both seemed to have completely forgotten that they were in public.
"Fucking hell, I needed that." Jane said.
"So did I," Sophie told her. "I love your pussy."
"And I love yours." Jane replied.
They both got dressed and moved back to the front seat of the car. The drive home was more relaxed, and they just chatted about day to day stuff.
When they got to Sophie's place, Sophie leant over and gave Jane another kiss.
"You don't mind me posting that video, do you?" Jane asked.
"Not as long as you tag me in it." Sophie said back, her pussy still wet and needing more attention.
Then she got out and went back into her place, feeling horny and needing more.

--

It was nearly 2am. Sophie was still too horny after Jane and needed to be fucked and treated like a slut. Annoyingly, Jacob was busy.
So there she was, bent over an arm chair, her tits bouncing and her face covered in spit as Harry fucked her from behind.
His hands gripped her hips, and his big, delicious cock was firing in and out of her young, tight, soaked pussy.
They had been going at it for nearly an hour. Sophie had cum 3 more times and was barely able to walk or speak. Just wild, unrecognisable moans were coming out of her mouth.
"I'm gonna cum!" Harry warned her.
Sophie managed to quickly pull back, got onto her knees, and grabbed his glistening cock.
Stroking him in front of her, Sophie closed her eyes and felt the first load of cum hit her face. Harry, like Jacob, produced a massive amount of cum, and by the time he was done, Sophie was covered in it.
I fucking love cum!
Sophie actually scooped most of it off with her fingers and ate it before washing her face and going home.
Back in her bed, Sophie went onto RealSluts to see if Jane had uploaded the video of them.
Yep, there it is.
It was strange, but since posting the picture of her face in it and having no repercussions, Sophie didn't actually have any worry about this video.
She clicked on it and watched, skipping through bits, but just wanting to see how it looked.
When she saw her ass cheeks being spread open, and her pussy and asshole on plain view in the middle of the day, she gasped, not believing what a slut she was.
She listened to her own moans as her asshole got fingered, and then she saw her clear face and entire body as Jane went down on her. The most revealing part was when Jane was sitting to the side, fingering Sophie.
There was Sophie in the pure daylight in a car park, completely naked, sweat glistening off her body, her legs spread wide open while Jane fingered her. Oh, and she moaned like a whore.
She then watched herself going down on Jane, again in full view of her face many, many times.
4,000 views already,Sophie thought,and they've all seen my face. They all know that really I'm just a slut, a dirty, fucking slut. They've seen me getting fucked, they've seen me going down on a woman, they've seen me covered in cum! Fuck, I hope they've all cum because of me!
She clicked on a few comments and read them. Men saying how hot they both were and such. But then Sophie's eyes shot wide open at a comment half way down.
"Who's Sophie?"
What?
Then two comments further than that.
"Yeah I heard her say Sophie! I thought her name was Beth?"
What the fuck is happening?!
The more Sophie scrolled the more she read her own name.
"I guess her real name is Sophie. So much for keeping it a secret. Stupid bitch."
Sophie clicked on the video and watched it from the start, needing to know what had happened.
And there it was, right as Jane was about to cum. In an up close shot of Sophie licking her pussy, Jane moaned it out so clearly.
"I'm gonna cum, Sophie! Make me fucking cum!"
Sophie froze as she heard it. It wasn't just her face they had seen now... they knew her real name.