In 1985, most universities and all Catholic universities were conservative. Eddie and Brenda were freshmen at a Catholic university where several dilapidated three and four story brick buildings housed the men. One large high-rise dormitory housed all first year women. The ground floor doors of the Mens' dormitories featured inoperable locks, and even when the locks worked, the doors were often propped open. In contrast, the women were carefully guarded. At least four locked doors separated every dorm room from the street. After 10:AM and before 9:00PM, gentlemen visitors could let themselves into the lobby of the women's building, but a student worker at the lobby reception desk had to buzz open the locked doors from the lobby the bank of elevators. On each floor, the elevators opened into short hallways with locked doors at the ends. A room key could open those doors and provide access to the long hallways lined with the doors into rooms and a communal bathroom. Finally, a unique key for each room granted entry to a semi-private sanctum.
At 8:55PM, Brenda had escorted Eddie through the obstacles to within sight of the goal, but a red scarf tied to the door handle stopped them. The prior year, Brenda and her roommate, Carol, attended different all girls high schools in different states. Neither had much experience with men. During the first-week floor meeting in the building, a Resident Assistant had suggested that roommates establish a signal for privacy. Brenda hadn't thought the red scarf would ever be necessary. Her roommate had never used the do-not-disturb signal before, and of course, it happened that night.
Brenda looked sheepish and disappointed. She and Eddie had been gradually escalating their intimacy for several weeks. That night, they had lingered too long in the dark exterior stairwell to the basement of the Physics building. For a couple of hours, Eddie's hands had roamed under her sweatshirt and into her jeans as they cuddled and kissed, but the cool night air threatened to become cold. In a fog of arousal, Brenda proposed to sneak Eddie into her room where he could spend the night. The fantasy of an entire night of cuddling and petting in bed seemed enticing. The red scarf poured ice water on her plans.
Brenda tugged on Eddie's arm. "Come on. I've got to escort you out before 9:00. You don't want to be caught in the hallways after hours."
"Isn't there someplace you can hide me until we can get in?"
Brenda looked around. Severals of her neighbors' doors were open. "I'll ask," she replied without conviction.
About seven doors down the hallway, a pair of girls who know both Eddie and Brenda consented to let Eddie hide in their room for a couple of hours. Then, Brenda would sneak him to her room.
With the details worked out, Eddie added, "There's another problem. I need to pee, and you can't get me down to the lobby and back in time."
"Just use the bathroom on our floor," one of his hosts suggested. "Send Brenda in first to check if the coast is clear. Get in. Get out. No problem."
"I'm game," Eddie smiled. The plan unfolded without a hitch. Someone was showering, but each shower cubicle featured walls from calf height to over head height. Brenda guided Eddie right past the showers into a toilet stall. Eddie needed an unusually long time because his erection wouldn't subside. "Don't forget to put the seat back down," Brenda whispered through the stall door with a hint of self congratulation for thinking of that detail. She didn't have any brothers, and her father was always courteous about putting the seat back down. It amazed her that the thought ever entered her mind.
The dash back to the temporary hiding place almost ended in catastrophe when the Resident Assistant's door opened right in front of them. But, the door closed again without any comments. Eddie counted his blessings, and Brenda remembered to breathe again.
--- ~ ---
After an hour or so, Eddie's temporary hosts started checking the time every thirty seconds. One of the girls studied while the other chatted softly with Brenda. Eddie sat on the floor with is back to the closed dorm room door and tried not to be in the way. He had sported a raging boner on and off for several hours by then, and the equipment was becoming both sore and chafed against the inseam of his tight jeans. He might have cooled off, but one of his hosts was wearing loose running shorts and a partially translucent pink t-shirt. Eddie couldn't really see much, but he had to force himself not to stare anyway. The enticing sway of barely concealed unfettered beasts made his penis throb with his pulse.
Brenda nudged Eddie aside so she could partially open the door and slip into the hallway. Eddie closed the door to just a crack while she was gone. When she returned, she brought good news.
"Did Carol have a guy in there," one of the hosts asked?
"Huh, no," Brenda answered. "That's the weird thing. The scarf was still on the door, but I knocked anyway. When Carol opened the door, there was nobody else inside."
"What did she say she was doing," Eddie wanted to know.
"She said she was cleaning the room and fell asleep."
Both of the hosts laughed. It was almost a giggle.
"What" Brenda asked?
"That's just a new word for it is all. I thought I'd heard them all."
"A new word for what?" Brenda turned from her blushing boyfriend to her hosts in bafflement.
"She was probably playing with herself. You know, 'cleaning her room'," the unbound loose shorts boner beguiler clarified in a dead pan a voice.
"No way," Brenda said without conviction. "You don't think. Really?"
"I bet the room isn't any cleaner than when you left this morning." Her hosts' voices remained as bland as if they were observing the room was warm or the rules too strict. They sported cheshire cat grins though.
"We can get in now," Brenda changed the subject. "Let me make sure there's nobody in the hall.
--- ~ ---
"Are you sure you don't mind," Brenda asked Carol?
"You can't sneak me out now anyway," Eddie assured.
Carol smiled with a "just-so" expression revealed above blankets pulled up to her chin. "Just keep it down so I can sleep," Carol commanded and resumed reading the paperback in her hands.
"I'm going to get ready for bed," Brenda announced.
After a pause in which Eddie showed no sign of averting his gaze, Brenda added, "Turn around for a minute."
Ever the gentleman, Eddie faced the wall as Brenda wiggled out of her jeans. They were so tight she almost pushed her damp Calvin Cline bikini panties to her ankles before arresting the drop at the slight cleavage where her cheeks met her thighs. Carol paid no attention.
Brenda turned toward Eddie and then toward Carol before assuming a position that didn't face either of them. She pulled her sweatshirt over her head with an awkward two arms gesture she'd seen in movies. She unclasped her bra and shrugged it off her shoulders onto her study desk. A large patch of goose flesh arose on her arms, and the hair of her neck tingled. As she rummaged in a drawer for a comfortable shirt, Brenda couldn't help noticing again that the room didn't seem any cleaner than she remembered. If anything, more of Carol's odds and ends were on the floor than usual. Carol even left out the telescope that Brenda had hardly seen outside the closet.
"OK, you can turn around now." Brenda smiled.
Eddie smiled too. Brenda was illuminated from behind by Carol's reading lamp in an otherwise dark room. Eddie could see her figure clearly in silhouette. The shirt didn't quite cover the moist patch on the cotton fabric between her legs. Eddie savored the sight as Brenda brushed her teeth in the room's sink. When she bent to spit, the back of the shirt pulled up enough to expose skin of her lower back above the elastic of her panties, and the pose revealed an enticing cleft made evident by the underwear glued to her engorged lips.
Brenda bounced to her bed and motioned for Eddie to stand so she could get under the covers. When Brenda settled into a pose laying with her head propped on her hand and her elbow in the pillow, she held up the comforter in an inviting gesture. Eddie slipped in with as much grace as possible considering the lack of flexibility in his groin.
"Take your jeans off," Brenda suggested. "They're scratchy".
Eddie unfastened his belt, popped open the button at the top of his fly, unzipped with a sound that seemed to echo off the four walls of the room, and wiggled to freedom. His underwear immediately ballooned in a somewhat spectacular fashion, but nobody saw the tent pole under the comforter. Eddie sighed relief.
Eddie and Brenda spooned. Both lay on their sides with bent knees, and the bare flesh of Brenda's legs made soft contact from Eddies ankles up. Brenda's bottom pressed against his penis. His breath tickled the shot hairs on the back of her neck. His arms encircled her with one under her shirt cupping a breast, and the other over her shirt where his fingers gently caressed her upper arm.
"Mmm, it tickles", Brenda sighed as a shiver ran up her spine.
"If you guys are going to have sex, just keep it quiet so I can sleep." Carol sounded serious.
"We're not going to have sex with you in the room," Brenda replied with a hint of indignation. "I'm not going to lose my virginity with an audience."
"I hope there's at least one other person there," Carol mumbled.
Brenda shut her eyes and enjoyed the cuddle and occasional twitch in the penis she pressed herself against. After a while, when Brenda was almost asleep, Carol said, "It's really OK. Just don't wake me up."
Eddie whispered. His words tickled, and his tongue almost slid into her ear canal as he said, "I think she wants us to. I think she wants to watch."
"Stop it," Brenda responded and gently elbowed Eddie in the ribs. "It's not funny."
"I agree," was all he said before Breda drifted to asleep.
--- ~ ---
Eddie lay awake watching every second blink the on the red LED of the alarm clock that read 2:10. His erection had subsided around 1:30, but he still couldn't sleep. Carol seemed to be sound asleep, and Brenda hadn't awoken when he levered his trapped arm out from under her. He watched the slight rise and fall of Carol's blankets as she breathed, and he felt the matching motion of Brenda's chest beside him.
At 2:30, Eddie slipped one hand under the elastic of his underwear. A moment later, he grasped the shaft of his penis which swelled into a familiar grip. He had been locked and loaded for so long that it wouldn't take more than a minute to achieve some relief. Nevertheless, he hesitated. Maybe it was stage freight. He had never masturbated with anyone else in the room - at least if you don't count the times he masturbated in a shower cubicle much like the ones in the women's dorm. The thought of having an orgasm with not one, but two women in the room was equally thrilling and freighting. He restricted himself to very slow short strokes along the most sensitive glans above his circumcision scar.
He was so absorbed in his own thoughts and actions that he almost didn't hear. When he did hear, he froze in disbelief until Carol repeated herself.
The whisper out of a dream said, "There's nice soft tissues with allow on my desk. Use those."
Eddie froze and pretended to sleep. His pulse pounded in his ears.
After a seemingly long time that probably lasted a minute, Carol said, "Suit yourself, but leaving a mess on her sheets is inconsiderate. I hope you offer to wash them."
--- ~ ---
The alarm clock blinked and ticked over to the demoralizing hour of 3:00. Carol hadn't said anything more. The erection had shrunk and grown a half dozen times in Eddie's motionless grip. As soon as it subsided, it sprang back to life in conspicuous revelation of erotic thoughts.
Eddie pulled his hand slowly out of his briefs and winced when the elastic band smacked pack into place against the uppermost tuft of his pubic hair. Neither woman seemed to notice, so he slipped out from under Brenda's blankets and tiptoed two steps to reach the tissues. He pulled out three tissues with one motion and almost leapt back under the covers. He panted.
Sleep promptly followed his orgasm.
--- ~ ---
When Eddie awoke, the crusty tissues remained wadded in his hand. Brenda had left for a morning class already, but Eddie had not even stirred. Brenda made several trips back and forth from the bathroom down the hall to her room without making any attempt to keep the noise down each time the room's door closed. Checking that Carol was still asleep too, Brenda even pulled the blankets off Eddie and poked his morning wood playfully a few times. When he still didn't stir, she covered him again and headed off to class.
By the time Eddie opened his eyes, Carol was gone as well. Eddie needed to pee, and he eyed the sink but decided against it. It was almost 10:00, so if he could find an escort, he'd be able to leave soon without repercussions. He pulled on his tight jeans and stuffed the soiled tissues into a front pocket. Then he cracked open the door and hoped to spot someone he knew in the hall. There was almost nobody around at that hour, so his prospects of quick escape seemed slight.
To take his mind off his bladder, Eddie explored Brenda and Carol's room. It was messy with clothes overflowing from hampers, drawers half open, books on the floor, damp towels hanging from hooks on the back of the door, and a full length mirror that had fallen from its hook on the wall and been propped against a corner at an awkward angle. Eddie inhaled the faint musk of confined nubile women.
After sitting on the edge of Brenda's bed for a few minutes in a half trance, the telescope on Carol's desk caught his eye. Carol's shirt from the night before was draped over the telescope almost concealing it. It wasn't that large - about the size of his forearm. It rested on a ten inch tall tripod which in turn rested on Carol's desk in front of the window. In the city's pervasive light pollution, it must be difficult so see any stars.
Alone in the room, Eddie masturbated to a somewhat more satisfying conclusion than the night before. A further reward, blessed absence of an erection, refocussed Eddie attention on his bladder.
--- ~ ---
By 11:00, Brenda returned from her morning classes. Eddie heard the key in the lock, and Brenda bounded into his awaiting arms. She cooed, "It was so nice having you spend the night. I wish it could be like that every night."
As soon at the pair reached the lobby, Eddie sealed himself into the single occupant Men's room. He relieved himself and then tossed the evidence of his nocturnal indiscretions into the trash. After a refreshing splash of cold water on his face from freshly washed hands, Eddie emerged to the lobby in a condition more like a run of the mill slob than someone who spent the night in a forbidden boudoir.
The couple ate lunch together, and then both of them skipped the afternoon class they shared to go back to Brenda's room.
"I assumed you were a virgin when I met you, but for some reason, it still surprised me when you said it last night."
"What? I didn't say that - did I," Brenda asked?
"Yah. You said something about not wanting to loose your virginity with Carol in the room."
Brenda blushed. "I don't think straight around you." She hugged Eddie to divert his attention from the topic.
"I'm really flattered," Eddie continued, "I mean, you were thinking of loosing you're virginity with me."
Brenda blushed even deeper. Heat radiated from her cheeks to her heaving breasts. "New topic," She punched him playfully!
"Ah, I'm a virgin too," Eddie admitted. "I mean, I've done stuff with girlfriends, but I've never gone all the way."
Brenda pretend not to hear, but she filed the new piece of information away for future consideration.
"I want to watch you undress again," Eddie announced.
"What do you mean, 'again'?"
"Last night. You got naked standing right there." He pointed at the floor across the room.
"I did not! I only changed shirts. Besides, you didn't see anything with your back to me."
"You're right," Eddie admitted, "but my eyes want to see what my hands have spent so much time caressing."
"Ok. Sit on the bed, and I'll put on a show." Brenda sounded surprised to hear her own words. She and a couple of her girlfriends had played strip tease during a sleepover when she was a pre-teen. It was just kids playing around with adult ideas that didn't mean anything to them. This time would be completely different. This was naughty in an entirely adult way.
Excited heat flushed Brenda cheeks and both sets of lips. She swayed to an imaginary beat and swiveled her hips and bent one knee like the salsa dancers she once watched at her much older cousin's wedding reception. She nudged her tight pants part way down her hips as she turned her back to him.
Still facing away from her audience, she unbuttoned her blouse from the collar down. Then she unclasped her bra while silently congratulating herself for wearing her only bra with a front clasp. She turned at the waist to reveal the bra cups hanging loose against her breasts. Then she dipped one shoulder and slipped her arm out of the bra strap. As soon as the strap fell away, she slid her arm back into the sleeve of her open blouse.
Brenda spun slowly while holding one edge of her open blouse in her teeth so that it draped over the otherwise uncovered breast. Then she turned away again and slid off the other bra strap. When she faced Eddie, she shrugged her shoulders to let the bra fall away from her chest. In a flash, her hands covered her nipples, and she pressed her breasts together to form cleavage.
Still swaying to the unheard beat, Brenda covered both of her breasts with one arm and used the other to wriggle her pants down to her knees.
Eddie inhaled Brenda's scent as he knelt down from the edge of the bed. On his knees, he shuffled the short distance to press is face into Brenda's exposed belly. His hands wrapped around her to grasp the elastic of her panties from behind.
Brenda continued to sway and she felt Eddie slowly lower her panties. Brenda was about to cross a new threshold of exposure. Nobody but her had ever seen her vulva since she entered puberty. Even she had hardly seen it besides a glance in the mirror after a bath or the very un-erotic necessities of hygiene. She closed her eyes.
The air felt cool against soaking wet curls on her outer lips. Then his breath felt warm as he inhaled with his face pressed into her thigh. Eddie slowly stood up kissing along her body past her belly button, and then to the exposed nipple that he licked with the flat of his tongue. It was only then that Brenda realized she has stopped swaying and forgotten to cover her breasts.
Eddie lifted Brenda into his arms and carried her to her bed. As soon as he released her, Brenda wrapped the edge of her comforter around herself.
"Are you cold," Eddie asked?
"Just shy."
"You're beautiful." Eddie sounded confident in his assessment.
Brenda smiled. "Now it's my turn. I want to see you!"
Eddie unbuttoned and unzipped the same jeans from the previous night and shoved them to his feet. Belatedly, he bent with his back to her to untie his shoes and kick them off. Brenda was able to savor the sway of Eddies balls in the loose briefs that were already half off from his haste to get out of the jeans. When Eddie turned to face her, his penis stood tall pointing straight to the ceiling while the briefs were completely removed.
"Come here, big boy," Brenda said in a hoarse voice she didn't recognize. His cock swayed like a metronome as he'd walked slowly towards her perch on the edge of her bed. In moments, Brenda felt his penis press against her chest between her breasts. The downy hair on his stomach tickled her nose.
"Are we going to make love," Eddie asked with only slightly more savoir faire than a child asking to open Christmas presents early?
The silence stretched to an eternity.
"It's OK if we don't," Eddie confessed.
At that moment, they heard a key in the door lock. Brenda dove under the covers at the same moment Eddie made a similar attempt. Unfortunately, Brenda's motion pulled the comforter so far that none remained for Eddie's modesty.
Carol stared from the threshold into the room. "Scarf! Use the scarf!" Carol backed out of the room, but she left the door open a crack large enough to peek in.
Eddie awkwardly retrieved his briefs from the floor and hopped on one foot trying to get a leg through the leg hole. Brenda couldn't help chuckling. It was a ridiculous performance punctuated by the bob and weave of Eddie's erection.
In truth, the entire scenario from key in the lock to Eddie standing sheepishly dressed only in prominently tented briefs took 20 seconds. Those seconds dilated to become seared into memory for eternity.
Carol let herself fully into the room and closed the door behind her. "I won't stay. I just need my Cell Biology book to study. I'll be out of your hair in a minute.
While Carol sifted through her mess to find the book half under her bed, Eddie somewhat gracefully finished dressing. Brenda remained nude under the comforter and held the hem in a white knuckled grasp at her neck.
Eddie, out of the blue, said, "Can you see anything with that telescope?"
"What do you mean," Carol wearily turned to face him?
"I mean, with all the light pollution, can you see any stars?"
"Only a few?" Somehow, Carol made that answer sound like a question. "What brought that up," she continued."
"Nothing", Eddie answered. "It just popped into my scattered mind as a way to make things less awkward. I guess that didn't work."
Carol put her telescope away in a closet. Then she shook her head and grabbed the red scarf off her bed post. "Here. I'll tie it on for you." She followed through with her promise in moments and closed the door as she fled.
Pregnant silence descended as the sound of the door closing echoed.
Eddie started snickering. It was cute. It was silly. In moments, Brenda and Eddied laughed out loud. They embraced when Eddie sat on the bed. Brenda let the comforter drop to expose her firm breasts. Eddie didn't even pretend not to stare.
"I don't want to ever forget you just this way," Eddie crooned.
"I will never forget what I saw," Brenda echoed.
Eddie said, "I'm going back to my dorm to take a cold shower," but it sounded like a question.
When Brenda didn't reply, he tilted her head back by gently placing a finger below her chin. He kissed her with a hint of tongue brushing her lips. He slowly backed away, but at the last moment, his hand darted out and squeezed one of Brenda's breasts. Brenda could almost hear the unvocalized "Honk" sound as he did it like an oaf stealing a forbidden grope.
"Do you have to go now?"
With surprising conviction, Eddie answered, "Yah. I'm dead tired, and I probably stink."
"OK, You do stink a little."
"Great." Eddie sounded somewhere between mortified and embarrassed. "Will you escort me out?"
--- ~ ---
Brenda waved to Eddie's back as he walked down the steps way from her dorm taking two steps at a time. When she got back to her room, the red scarf was still tied to the handle. She was about to untie it when she hesitated. Her head turned to glance both ways down the deserted hallway. Then she slipped into the room whispering to herself, "The room is a mess."
When Brenda finally remembered to remove the scarf, she felt much better. In fact, she felt better three times, and that was a record for her.
When Carol returned after dinner, the room looked the same as it had that morning. Brenda was napping topless with the comforter and blankets twisted and bunched around her. Carol had casually seen Brenda in various states of undress. It was unavoidable among roommates unless they accepted the inconvenience of always dressing a in a shower cubicle or something equally ridiculous. Nevertheless, Carol stared for a moment. Brenda displayed a healthy flush, and her shallow breathing seemed so content.
Carol took the opportunity to retrieve her telescope and take a quick glance. She murmured, "A lot of starts are out tonight."
A while later, Carol lay on her stomach on her bed. With one hand, she turned the page of a paperback. The other hand was trapped beneath her stroking slow circles inside her panties. She had masturbated fully clothed in that pose many times, and nobody ever knew what she was doing. She couldn't even remember the first time, but it was a long time ago. She had given herself orgasms with everyone around her assuming she was just an antisocial book worm.
Brenda studied across the room. All Brenda heard was a soft sight. It must be a good book.
--- ~ ---
Brenda and Eddie rode the bus a few dozen blocks into the city center for a special date night at Eddie's favorite authentic family Italian restaurant. They lingered for an hour after they finished eating to chat and look into each other's eyes like the young lovers they were. They underestimated the cost and had to dig for loose change in Brenda's hand bag. Eddie said he felt bad that he couldn't leave a better tip. He wanted to find an ATM that worked with his bank so he could get more money, but it was late, and the neighborhood was not completely safe after dark. Brenda talked him out of it by saying he should leave a double tip the next time.
In the month since the couple had come closest to gong all the way, they restricted themselves to petting. Eddie tried to give Brenda an orgasm by rubbing her with his hand down her pants. She let him try for a little while. She was curious herself, but his fingers were always too rough or in the wrong place or too fast. A couple of times, she closed her eyes and savored the sensations, but Eddie had an unfortunate tendency to try and slip a finger or two inside her vagina. For some reason, that always spoiled the mood for Brenda.
A more experienced or more mature couple might have talked about how to please each other openly. Brenda and Eddied fumbled around and mostly produced frustration. Eddie once asked Brenda to give him a blow job, but she said she wasn't ready for that. Eddie tried to go down on Brenda, but she felt uncomfortable with his face down there. She stopped him every time he started in that direction. Things were not as natural and spontaneous as they had been that night in her room.
Brenda chatted with some of the slightly more worldly women on her floor. She didn't get into specifics, but she hinted around the topic enough for them to guess what she wanted to know. One floor mate recounted, "Cosmo says all women are an enigma to men, and we have to show them exactly what we want. Even then, we have to remind them to keep doing exactly what feels right, or they'll forget and change at the wrong time and spoil everything."
"So, basically, Med are idiots." another one said.
"What if I don't know what feels right," yet another floor-mate asked to Brenda's surprise. Brenda had assumed the that girl was very experienced.
"Men are simple minded about sex."
"No, they just don't get much experience with the equipment, so of course they suck at it."
"It would be better if they did suck it."
Everyone laughed. The banter continued like that for a few more minutes until the group started speculating why guys think cars are such a big deal.
Brenda tried to imagine a discussion where she would tell Eddie what she needed, and she couldn't come up with the words.
Her fantasies drifted to elaborate scenarios with older men who did everything just right. She told herself she needed a more mature lover to guide her through her first intercourse. Of course, the fantasy also frightened her.
When Brenda and Eddie eventually returned to the Italian restaurant, they found they didn't have much to say to each other. Longing gazes had turned into surreptitious glances. The bus schedule for the return trip turned out to be the most engaging conversation that night. A few days later, Brenda and Eddie agreed to part as the best of friends. "We're both too young to be so serious," they agreed.
--- ~ ---
Meanwhile, Carol had worked herself into an erotic frenzy. Between the telescopic panorama of the men's showers, Brenda's not very discreet blossoming sexuality, and Carol's lack of a sexual partner, arousal dominated all thought. Her favorite masturbation fantasies relived the incidents with Eddie in her dorm room. She had watched a blurry VHS promo out of curiosity once. Apart from that, every adult penis she'd ever seen was through the antiseptic lens of her telescope - until Eddie's delightful exhibitions.
If he had known, Eddie would have appreciated the irony that his almost lover felt unable to show him what she desired, but Carol, a woman he hardly knew, secretly longed to teach him what gives her pleasure. Carol didn't exactly fixate on Eddie. Probably any of her secret stable of shower studs could satisfy her curiosity, but whenever she felt inclined to imagine a scenario, it was always Eddie she pictured. She rationalized that it was because he was the only guy she had ever seen naked in the same room with her - as opposed to through steamy windows fifty yards down the hill.
--- ~ ---
Carol was bored playing Dungeons and Dragons with her acquaintance, Ray, and his buddies. When Ray invited her, she convinced herself she should make efforts to be more social. She regretted the decision seconds after she arrived at Ray's dorm room full of sweaty guys rolling dice. She would have left immediately, but Brenda had come with her for moral support, and Brenda wanted to stay.
"Do you know those guys," Carol asked while craning her neck to see into the hallway?
Ray glanced out his open door. "Yah, they're some guys from my floor." he said before resuming, "As you approach the portal, a pair of High Elf guards in shining mail armor cross their halberds to bar you way."
"Why are they covered in mud?"
Ray paused. "They said something about flag football a while ago." He resumed, "The guards chant in unison, 'State your business in the realm of the Mystic King.'"
The men in the hall were laughing and roughhousing and infinitely more diverting than imaginary High Elves. Then, Carol spotted Eddie. She almost didn't recognize him with his hair caked in mud.
"Let me get my clothes out of your room so I can take a quick shower before dinner." Eddie was talking to someone out of Carol's view.
A response came. "Take the keys," and Eddie snatched a ring of thrown keys out of the air.
"Thanks for the loaner clothes," Eddie said over his shoulder.
"No problem man. Wash 'em before you return 'em. I've been waring them so long, I'm surprised they haven't walked to the laundry on their own."
"Gross," Eddie said with a comical grimace. Someone else out of view said, "It's too late to wash them. Burn them." Eddie said, "Only if they don't spontaneously combust first."
The ruckus moved further down the hallway, and Carol heard Eddie ask, "You got a towel I can borrow?"
"All I got is a hand towel."
Amidst the loud laughing and unrelated banter, Eddie replied, "Whatever. Thanks."
"I'll get something in a few minutes and toss it to you in the shower."
"Great."
When things quieted down in the hallway, Ray poked Carol in the shoulder with the long nail at the end of his index finger. "What do you want to do? Accept the challenge, back away, are attack right now?"
Before Carol could answer, Brenda announced, "I call them smelly elf dogs, say their mothers were goblins, and their balls are shriveled raisins."
"The guards immediately assume a battle stance each with one hand on a halberd and the other drawing a ceremonial dagger of soul destruction."
Carol said, "I've got to pee."
Ray replied, "What? Now when the guards are about to impale you?"
"No. I mean I don't want to leave a puddle on your floor. Will one of you check the bathroom to make sure the coast is clear."
"Right now?" Brenda complained.
"If you don't see anyone naked blocking the door, just go in. We'll assume you are playing dead so the guards will focus one the rest of your party who will be hard pressed to survive this encounter without your Magic Missiles."
Carol levered herself up from her uncomfortable patch of hard tile floor being careful not to flash too much skin under her short pleated skirt.
Carol knocked on the bathroom door and called, "Anybody there?" Without waiting for a response, she cracked open the door to see one man zipping up in front of a urinal. That guy scowled a her as he pushed past her out the door, but he didn't say anything. Carol inaudibly mumbled, "Eww. Wash your hands."
Nobody else was in view, but she could hear a shower running around the corner inside the bathroom. Carol slipped into a stall across from the occupied shower, but she didn't even consider actually peeing in there. She waited with her heart pounding and her breath shallow. She heard someone come it and say, "Here's the towel." When the footsteps receded and Carol heard the door to the hall close again, she peeked out of her stall.
The towel really did look like a hand towel. It was half thrown over the shower stall wall just above head height. Carol could see Eddie's bare feet through the gap in the barrier near the floor. How could he not wear flip-flops in this place?
On impulse, Carol pulled the towed off the wall. She looked both ways. Flush with the heat of the mist coming from the shower and her own emotions, Carol slid the shower curtain a bit to the side. She couldn't see any more of Eddie because the shower cubicle had two parts: A dressing area with a bench inside the first curtain. Then, another curtain was closed between the shower and the dressing area.
Disappointed by the view, Carol grabbed Eddie's clothes. She took both the borrowed pile of muddy athletic ware and the neatly folded fresh clothes that Eddie must have planned to wear back to his own dormitory. Thrilled by her mischief, Carol sprinted for the exit door and back to Ray's room where she tossed the clothes into a corner. "Need my missiles yet," she asked?
"You're too late," Ray announced. "The others barely survived dragging your inert body and the gnome's corps out of the palace. Roll one D-20 to see if your skull was crushed when they dragged you feet first down the stone steps."
As the party set out on the journey to find a resurrection potion for the gnome, or barring that, turn him into a zombie who can still fight, Carrol heard a sound that was music to her ears.
"Hey, guys. Give me back my clothes." Eddie called from the cracked open bathroom door.
When there was no answer, Carol shifted to peer around Ray's door frame and look down the hall.
Eddie only hesitated for a moment. He opened the door from the bathroom to the hallway and boldly stepped out. He was stark naked and dripping wet. "It's not funny guys."
Eddie had already completed several paces toward Carol when he noticed her peering at him. He immediately cupped his cock and balls in both hands in an awkward hunch and started backing away. "Ah, sorry. I didn't know there were any women on the floor." He blushed.
Carol scrambled up and walked toward hime slightly faster than he backed away. "It's not like I haven't see it all before," she claimed with a smirk.
'What?"
"It's me, Carol. Benda's roommate."
Brenda followed into the hallway and said, "What the hell Eddie?"
"Someone stole my clothes and towel," Eddie stammered.
"You're incorrigible," Brenda scolded. Neither Eddie nor Carol was sure who she scolded.
Carol ducked back into Ray's room, and a moment later, Carol tossed the hand towed to Eddie. Without thinking or maybe by reflex, Eddie used both hands to catch the towel out of the air. In spite of the effort and renewed exposure, the towel fell short. Eddie had to stumble forward and crouch to retrieve the scrap of cloth.
Brenda rolled her eyes and returned to the campaign saying, "Strap the gnome to the barbarians back so we can move faster."
"Thanks," Eddie said. He shook the towel to unfurl it in front of his groin like bull fighter waving a flag to taunt the animals.
"Don't thank me. I didn't give you the towel. I just enjoyed the view."
"Are my clothes in there too?" Eddie tilted his head toward Ray's door.
"Could be," Carol agreed, "but you'll have to get past me first. Will you flaunt you twig and berries to everyone in the room so you can cover your ass, or do I get to ogle your fine derrière again?"
Eddie stood with his mouth open. Carol could see conflicting emotions warring on his face. She thought he might be angry and about to yell at her, but instead, he walked right toward her holding the hand towel to obscure her view. As he passed almost brushing into her, he bent over. He mooned her. "My clothes in there" he called to nobody in particular?
"God damn dude," one of Ray's buddies exclaimed when Eddie crouched to collect the mess of clothes from the dusty corner behind Ray's door. "Get your ass out of my face."
"Don't pretend you don't love it," Ray retorted.
"Shut up, Ray"
Carol didn't hear the rest of the argument because Eddie closed Ray's door as he exited. He practically bowled Carol over when he passed. With his back to her, waved the tiny towel tauntingly over his shoulder. "Thanks again for the towel."
Carol waited outside Ray's door until Eddie reemerged from the bathroom fully clothed. She sheepishly looked at her feet as Eddie approached.
"You want to grab dinner with me?" Eddie asked.
"What? In the cafeteria," Carol asked?
"Not the one here. Let's eat at Webber Hall."
"Let's just grab some food from the canteen and take it up to my room."
"Are you sure," Eddie replied?
"Well. Only if you want to." Carol wondered where her wits had gone. She was gibbering like - well, like the infatuated sex obsessed woman she was.
"Let's make a deal," Eddie proposed. "You provide the quarters for the washing machine, and we'll use my meal ticket to buy the food." He held the muddy rags out for emphasis.
--- ~ ---
A week later, Brenda talked around her toothbrush and then spit into the sink. "So, are you and Eddie a thing now?"
"I don't think so," Carol admitted after some consideration. "Would you be mad if I went after him?"
"It is weird," Brenda observed. "What do boys call it? Eskimo Brothers - When they have both slept with the same woman? Would we be Eskimo Sisters?"
"You never actually slept with him unless there's something you're confessing now."
"You're right. I guess I don't mind if you have him around. I'm over him, and we've both been mature about it."
"It probably won't come up anyway," Carol assured. "I can't tell if he likes me?"
"If it comes up, he likes you." Brenda stuck out her tongue.
Carol shook her head in mock disgust.
--- ~ ---
A week later, while Carol conspired with some women down the hall to help sneak Eddie out, Eddie lingered behind and peered through the telescope. The image that appeared to be mere feet from his eyes made his jaw hang open. The telescope focussed on the head and shoulders of a naked man. He was a man Eddie knew. Carol's window provided the perfect vantage for peeping through the windows of the men's showers. The shower room windows were clear, but they were high above head height. From inside, nobody would realize the opportunity provided to someone up the hill with a telescope.
Eddie adjusted the telescope and noted that the view would be even more revealing into other floors. The angle from Carol's window to the ground floor of Eddies dorm was so steep that she could see the drain on the shower floor. Anybody in those showers would have no secrets. Eddie shivered. He lived on the ground floor.
He was still looking through the telescope when Carol returned. "You either need to go now down the back stairs, or spend the night," she said. "The RA will be back in ten minutes."
Without turning away from the window, Eddie said, "You're right. I should probably go home and take a shower."
Carol realized what Eddie was doing. "I can explain," she claimed.
"No you can't," Eddie said in a low voice.
"It's not what you think."
"Oh, what do I think?" Eddie's tone didn't reveal his emotion to Carol. Was he mad? Disappointed?
"You would do it too if the roles were reversed."
"That's your defense?"
"I don't know what to say."
"Neither do I," Eddie observed. "Since I don't have any secrets from you, there's a few things I want to know."
"Like what?" Carol hesitated seemingly about to say more, but she clamped her lips closed.
"Have you see all the men on my floor naked?"
"Probably. I don't know all your names. The ground floor is one of my favorites. I also like the guys on the fourth floor."
Eddie groaned. "I assume you've, ah, seen more, like do other guys, you know?""
"I can't believe you stand on those floors in your bare feet. You probably have a hundred guy's spunk between your toes."
"Ugh," Eddie frowned. "So you're an expert on men's orgasm faces."
"Faces. techniques. Some of you taste your own semen."
"Ok. Change of topic." Eddie interrupted before Carol could say more.
"So, do you, like, get off watching us?"
"What ever do you mean?" Carol smirked.
"It's too late to be coy, I think," Eddie said. "Do you get yourself off watching us get off."
"No."
"Yah, sure."
"If you already know the answer, why did you ask?"
"If you don't get off watching us, why do you do it?"
"Oh, it's the aesthetic ideal of the human form. It's art."
"Bullshit."
"It's too difficult and uncomfortable to get off while looking through the scope. If I sit, I can't angle down enough. If I stand, I can't get off."
"Why do it then?"
"I have a vivid memory. I wait until I can get comfortable and replay the scenes in my mind."
"Huh." Eddie seemed at a loss for words.
"You've even seen me do it," Carol continued.
"I have not! When?"
"I've had at least three orgasms while you were in the room. That night when you whacked off in Brenda's bed, I had a toe curler watching and listening. You grunt when you cum - even when you're trying to be silent."
"Damn it." Eddie sounded disappointed. "I never saw anything."
"At least once, You were looking right at me when I came."
"When?"
"I was reading my book while you and Brenda sat on her bed. You made eye contact with me right as a wave splashed over me. I though you caught me for sure. I figured you were either inhumanly discreet or completely oblivious."
"Oblivious."
"Yep." Carol nodded.
"I kind of feel violated." Eddie spoke slowly.
"Really?" Carol paused. "I'm sorry."
"I feel cheated."
"What do you mean?"
"Well, you know every intimate detail about me, and I've never even seen you naked. To make it worse, you are an expert on, ah, technique. It's so unfair. How's a guy supposed to live up to that. I've never even seen a woman orgasm - at least I didn't know. You've probably seen a hundred different guys blow their load. You've probably seen more guys do it than a porn star or a prostitute."
Carol looked at her hands, paused, and then at the floor. "I don't like you thinking of me that way," she murmured. "I mean, I guess it's kinky. Dirty. It's not like I'm a sex fiend or a prostitute or something."
"I want to watch you."
"Huh?" Carol looked blank.
"I want to watch you masturbate. It's only fair. You've watched me more than once."
"You put on that show all on your own. I had nothing to do with it. You just couldn't keep your hands off your pecker."
"That was one time, and I thought you were asleep. What about all the times in the shower?"
"I'm not glued to the telescope 24/7. It's not like I see you that often."
"More than once?"
"Yes."
"Then fair is fair. I want to watch."
"I'm not going to strip off and give you your own personal porn show."
"Why not? In fact, that's exactly what I want. I think I should invite all the guys from my floor to the show."
"No." Carol's face turned crimson. "No." She shuddered. Could he know the fantasies she barely acknowledged to herself? Of course not. Besides, probably all women fantasize about being the center of every man's attention. Who wouldn't want an army of adoring sex slaves?
"I want to watch."
"No."
"You better sneak me out then. I think we're done now."
"It's too late now. You're stuck for the night unless you want to be charged with criminal trespass or whatever they charge guys with."
Eddie sat on the floor at the foot of Carol's bed and leaned against the wall in silence.
Carol huffed. "That's it? We aren't going to talk about it?"
Eddie didn't reply. He didn't look mad. He didn't look anything except maybe resigned.
"I'm sorry," Carol tried.
Eddie looked right at her and said nothing.
Carol sat at her desk chair and watched Eddie stare in her direction. Her eyes watered, but she held back a sob that threatened to break her nerve. She looked guilty. She looked remorseful.
When Brenda got home, her first words were, "Lovers quarrel?"
Carol replied, "Hardly."
"I'll just go change in the restroom. Don't do anything I've seen you do before," Brenda advised with a smirk as she slipped back out to the hallway holding her nightgown and slippers.
"Does she watch all the guys too?"
Surprised after not hearing Eddies voice for so long, it took Carol a moment to collect her wits for a reply. "As far as I know, she still thinks I'm looking for the North Star."
When Brenda returned, she spouted the lines she had obviously rehearsed in her mind. "If you guys are going to have sex, just keep it quiet so I can sleep."
Brenda slumped in disappointment when nobody replied. She busied herself brushing her hair and teeth. She may have mumbled something neither Carol nor Eddie could hear from their neutral corners before asking, "Mind if I turn out the lights?"
Carol answered, "Give me a minute to get in bed. Do you need to be smuggled to the bathroom or are you good for the night?" She looked are Eddie.
"Yes," he admitted.
"I have to go too. Follow me," Carol suggested, and Eddie didn't debate her plan.
As they conducted necessary business in adjacent stalls, Carol said, "I'm sorry."
"You know how you can make it up to me. It'l probably take more than once too."
Carol groaned.
By the time they closed the door to Carl and Brenda's room again, Brenda was either asleep or pretending to be asleep.
"Don't sit on the floor all night. You can lay next to me. I won't bite."
Eddie silently accepted her offer and lay beside her on the edge away from the wall. The narrow bed forced Carol against the wall unless she was going to spoon with Eddie. He didn't seem in the mood.
The two of them lay side by side above the covers. Both wore their day clothes.
After some internal debate with herself, Carol reached out to comb her fingers through Eddie's hair. He didn't object, so she settled fractionally closer to him and put her other hand on his chest. After a while, Carol slid a hand under Eddie's t-shirt and combed her fingers through his downy chest hair. At about that time, Carol spotted a slight movement across the room.
It was a bright spring night with close to a full moon. There was also a street light not far away. Light through the window cast Brenda's faint shadow against the opposite wall.
Very softly in less than a whisper, Carol breathed into Eddie's ear. "I think Brenda's masturbating right now."
Eddie turned his head with a jolt, and Brenda's motion paused. She soon resumed though, and Eddie could hear Brenda's deep breaths. A rise in Brenda's blankets shifted back and forth.
Brenda's motions were slow and barely perceptible. Eddie began to doubt Carol's observation, but slowly, Brenda's pace quickened. Soon, Brenda's shadow moved vigorously but still only fractions of an inch back and forth. Then, suddenly, Brenda stopped. Eddie couldn't even hear her breathing for a time, but then Brenda inhaled quietly. She slowly withdrew her hand. Eddie might have heard a slick wet sound, or he imagined it.
All the while, Carol had been listening and caressing Eddie's chest and scalp. Still fully clothed and above the covers, Eddie felt Carol's hand slide out from under his shirt and onto the bulge in he pants. She rested her hand motionlessly above his penis for a while. Then, she began to rub gently up and down along his shaft through his pants. He didn't stop her.
Carol used her free hand to pull one of Eddie's hands toward her. She placed his hand on her tummy right above her pants. She inhaled sucking in her stomach and nudged his hand under her waistband. That hint was obvious enough for him, and soon, his hand disappeared entirely inside her pants.
Eddie tried to mimic the motions he thought Brenda used. He forced himself to move at a snail's pace the way Brenda had for so long.
Carol whispered in his ear, "A little lower." Silence reigned for a time, and she whispered, "Too far. A little higher. Stop. There."
Carol's hand squeezed the shaft of Eddie's penis in time to his slight motions over her clitoral hood. He might have blown his load already if not for the material between them and his bashfulness in front of Brenda who was probably only pretending to be asleep.
"Don't stop," Carol whispered louder than she intended. She arched her back to move under Eddie's finger tip and position herself even better.
"Do exactly that. Don't change. Don't stop. Don't speed up." Carol no longer even trying to keep her panting whisper inaudible across the room. She squeezed his penis hard but stopped moving her hand. After a couple of hours that actually lasted a couple of minutes, Carol realized she was holding her breath. Lost in her private fantasy and the thrill of sensual touch not her own, Carol's orgasm hit her hard in a rolling sensation from the top of her head down. It was never like that before. Until then, her best orgasms bloomed at her clitoris.
"I'm going to need another one of those real soon," she panted between heaving gasps to oxygenate her body. Carol subsided, relaxed into the bed, and resumed stroking Eddie's shaft.
Clapping from across the room startled Eddie and Carol. "Bravo," is all Brenda said to them that night.
Carol blushed, but the color was lost in the dim light and the receding flush of her orgasm. She thought she could see Eddie grinning.
Without further hesitation, Carol unbuckled Eddie's belt and unzipped his fly. She pulled his pants down as far as she could with him still laying down. It was awkward fishing out his boner from its position along a thigh until it was loose and pointing toward his belly button. She wrapped her hand around the pole and stroked up and down along his length.
The first pulse of ejaculation hurled globs of semen to Eddie's chin. A second rope covered Carol's hand, and a third dribbled across Eddies shirt.
--- ~ ---
Eddie awoke to the sound of the faucet running and water splashing in the sink. Brenda was washing her face and turned to meet his eyes.
"I'm a little jealous," she said.
"Jealous? Why? I thought you had enough of me."
"Yah, but you never got me off like that. Nobody ever got me off like that."
"I had no idea what to do. Carol whispered instructions to me the whole time." Eddie stopped before saying he would have been happy to follow Carol's directions.
"I never saw you cum before. It looked like you exploded," Brenda mused.
"Ah, um. What can I say to that?"
"Nothing. I'm just thinking aloud."
"I'm embarrassed." Eddie said the words to see if they were true.
Carol returned from the bathroom and bent over her bed to kiss Eddie's forehead. She mouthed, "My legs are still jelly." Then she stood back up and said, "I don't think we can send you home in that shirt." It crackled when she pressed her fingers against a dry semen stain.
"I'll just have to say in bed then." Eddie stretched.
"Let's keep him as a pet," Brenda said and then added, "Actually, I'm mad at both of you."
"Why" the others said in unison.
"I'm so horny - I'm ready to hump the next piece of man flesh I bump into."
"Even Ray," Eddie teased?
"I might have to close my eyes and think about baseball," Brenda joked.
"You know, there is a solution to your problem." Carol's face was serious.
"What's that?" Brenda asked before thinking.
"Give yourself an orgasm. Give yourself five. Diddle yourself until men are out of your mind."
Brenda giggled nervously in response to Carol's suggestion.
"Suit yourself," Carol added, "but I can't miss Lab today. I'll be back at about 1:00."
"Aww, I'm not ready to leave yet," Eddie stretched.
"Brenda can get you out when you're ready. Go back to sleep if you want."
Eddie smiled, and Carol rushed out the door with her backpack over one shoulder.
--- ~ ---
"Let me see you're dick again."
"What?"
"Iv'e see it before. let me see it."
"Why?"
"I'm just curious," Brenda lied.
Eddie surprised himself when he pushed is still unzipped pants down. "Happy?"
"Not yet. Make it bigger please."
"It doesn't work that way."
"It always did before. See, it's already getting bigger. I bet it'll pop right up if I do this." Brenda lifted her shirt in a smooth motion to expose her unconstrained breasts and then dropped the shirt again.
Breda sat in the bed next to Eddie's saluting penis. "I would have told you how to get me off if I knew the words myself."
"You know how to get yourself off." Eddie met her eyes.
"Yah, but I didn't - I don't have words to explain it."
"Show me."
"Maybe."
That was a better response than Carol had given him.
"Do it with me."
"What do you mean?"
"Come lay next to me on my bed," Carol explained. "We can do it together side by side."
"Will you take off your clothes?" His penis bounced as he spoke.
"I won't if you make me self-conscious."
"Come on, I've seen you before."
"Keep talking and the whole deal is off."
Eddie made a zipping motion over his pursed lips while he stepped out of the pants around his ankles. He peeled off his shirt before laying on Carol's bed close to the wall.
Brenda stood beside the bed and fidgeted with a lock of her hair. "I wanted to do this before."
Eddie smiled skeptically.
Brenda stripped off her shirt and pants quickly and lay beside Eddie wearing only her panties. "You start," she said.
Eddie stroked his shaft gently while straining to deposit the image of Brenda's nearly nude body into his spank bank.
Brenda slid a hand under her panties. Then she said, "Wrap one arm around me so I feel safe."
Eddie pulled her against him and turned slightly for a better view of her hand dancing between her legs.
"Don't stare."
Eddie lowered his head onto Brenda's shoulder. He watched Brenda's breasts jiggle and bounce in response to the motion of her arm.
After a long silence while Brenda held her eyes closed, she suddenly withdrew her hand in frustration.
"What's the matter?"
"It's not like I Thought it would be. It's not working?"
Eddie confided: "I understand stage fright. Believe me. Try again, and I'll whisper in your ear about all the things you did to make me pop erections. I'll tell you about the times I rushed home to jerk off after our dates."
"Brenda closed her eyes in response, but she didn't immediately resume masturbation.
"Your body haunts my dreams. The sight of the curve of you hip. The feeling of my hands kneading you bottom. The quite wet smacking sounds your lips made when I squeezed your but just right to part them."
Brenda's hand slipped under her panties.
"Sometimes, just looking into your eyes, I thought I might cum. You had a way of looking right into me and stoking my lust."
"Tell me about how you masturbated to me," Brenda whispered.
"I'm masturbating to you - for you - right now."
"Tell me anyway."
"I'd replay the time you stripped for me. I'd imagine my dick pressed against you. In my imagination, you'd squirm under my touch. I'd imagine giving you orgasms with my fingers and my tongue."
"Did you imagine putting your dick inside me?"
"I imagined it would be nirvana."
"What if I asked you to put your dick in me right now? I'm not asking. Just imagine I am. What would you do?"
"I'd slide your panties down your thighs. I'd part you legs just enough, and settled down between them. I'd slide my cock between your pussy lips without penetrating. I'd just separate them - slide along them. I'd rub my cock against your clitoris until your body demand that I penetrate you."
"That's good. Keep going."
"Only if you take off your panties so I can see."
"Fine," she replied in exasperation. She slid her panties down until she kicked them off. "Satisfied?"
"Not yet."
"Keep touching yourself. I'll keep going when you do."
Brenda placed her index finger and middle finger on opposite sides of her clitoral hood and rubbed back and forth. The hood pulled back just enough to reveal the engorged red teardrop of her tiny button.
"You'd feel my weight between your legs. You'd feel my cock at the entrance. I'd press it against you. It wouldn't go inside - not yet. I'd just thrust slowly like the next thrust would slide all the way, but I'd stop just short."
Brenda's breathing became labored.
"You'd arch your back straining to get me inside you. I'd tease, and your body would bend. Then, one time, when you lifted yourself in invitation, I'd slide in. It would be just like all the other teases, except I wouldn't stop. I'd go in all the way, and you'd feel me inside you. Your pussy is so tight, I'd feel like I couldn't pull back out because you gripped me so hard."
"Ah," she said. Two of her fingers pressed against each other to simultaneously stroke on both sides of the center of her pleasure.
"I'd suck your nipples as I tried to pull out of you, but you wouldn't let me. You'd feel me moving back and forth touching you everywhere inside, but you wouldn't release me."
"Cum in me," She pleaded as her fingers became a blur. They hardly moved very far, but Eddie started to understand why women supposedly like vibrators.
"I try to pull out, but I can't do it. You drive me so mad with lust that I explode inside you."
Eddie didn't even complete the last sentence before Brenda clenched her thighs together and squeezed in the most endearing whimper. Brenda shuddered in Eddie's arms for a few more seconds and then opened her eyes.
"You forgot to do yourself," she observed.
"I was so absorbed in your pleasure."
"Can I do it for you."
Eddie nodded and anticipated the sensation of her cool palms against his penis. Instead, he felt the warm wet sensation of her mouth descending over his knob.
"Not in my mouth", she said around his cock. "Squeeze my hand when you're about to finish".
Eddie squeezed Brenda's hand almost immediately, and she still ended up with semen on her chin. She giggled and wiped it off with the back of her hand. Then she rubbed the spunk into his chest hair.
--- ~ ---
A lot more happens - stay tuned.