Leather is heavy. It's an odd thing to notice, the weight of my clothes, but I do. The coat never had weight to it. Most of its presence was holes and gaps. But the cloak I am wearing, the mask crushing my nose, that is all so heavy and dense. The scent of my own breath keeps slipping behind my eyes. I don't know if I could do this in the desert proper. The canyon walls are already hell. There simply isn't a level beyond that where people, things, thoughts can survive. I almost went down with my simple cloth and glass. The collective Soren doesn't mind. I don't think they can mind.
"Stay in step," the one behind me hisses. I want to hiss back. It would establish the proper order, but I refrain. I am a Soren now, not a Jill. A Soren stays in step and does not hiss back when told to fall in line. A Soren just falls in line.
In my defense, everyone else here is taller than me. That makes it somewhat difficult to keep up with the long strides and the easy motions that all carry so effortlessly. I hate them. Or I hate me. We are all Soren, so hatred against the other is the hatred of the self. That's okay, really. I have enough hatred for them all, and the packs we are all supposed to carry.
They hung on to most of their gold. It was mostly iron and steel they traded at Fingertree Fort. And now the good people who do not have to wear thick leather masks will make tools and blades and all the great things and tools that a community needs. So many rusted things to mend and fix and make better. Sweat and blood pooling and pouring over the forge. I need to look into getting a blade. I don't need it, but it would look good. Something to go across my back. Or a hammer if I want to get medieval. Hammers are nice.
I am hot and thoughts cannot keep to a single rail. I am out of step, but I force it back down the avenue of march. I do not get a hissed word of frustration. I am proud. Too proud for something my age, but proud, nonetheless. I march and walk and keep time with my collective Soren posse. There is the urge to tug at the mask and let it fall from my face so I can breathe freely again, but that would be insane. I am a Soren and Sorens do not take off their masks.
The line's tempo slows as we all climb the canyon's wall. There is a path here, by some definition of the word. It is straight and narrow and steep as we ascend. And it is hot. I am sweating and gross and I feel the leather runoff stain my skin. I am finally tan. I hope Ike and Nia like it. I would like it if they turned pale. Mostly because I would find it hilarious.
Once we reach the final lip, the line stops and breathes. We all take a moment, a long moment to look at the world and how it is. Red, it is all red. The rock is red. The sky is red. My jacket is still red, although the sun has beaten out some of the color out of it. That's terrible. I need more red things to rub into it and then it will be alright. I take my hands to my knees and sigh. I still can't breathe. I should be able to breathe. But the mask is in the way. The collective Soren have taken their positions of rest against the evening sky and I am free to do the same.
Sweat pours down my forehead as I rip it off, gulping fresh air again. I wipe my brow, but it is all still there. It does not help. I am sticky and sweaty and I reek of old leather.
"Put your mask back on," says the same Soren that wants me to march in time. They get a finger, my favorite one, to be precise, in return.
"How do you guys even breathe in these things," I pant.
"Very easily. Now, back on it goes."
It's a she. I think it's a she. It's small enough to be a she, and the leather doesn't do her stature any favors. More than anything though, she just seems young. I can almost make out the pout and the glare through the leather. And the indignation does a very good job of convincing me to do as I'm told. But that would also defeat the purpose of being me. So, like a respectable adult, I stick out my tongue and let her carry on with whatever tasks the collective Soren decides should be done. She gets to clear the sight for the nightly fire, it seems. Good for her. It's an important task.
I look up to the red sky and let the heat of the dying day try to wash out of me. It won't. The stones have it too, and their immense weight takes precedent over my darting presence. I turn my attention to the mountains. So many of them, so jagged and sharp. They are the jaws of the world, top and bottom. There is another set on the other side, just as sharp, just as steep, just as impossibly looming. We are all in the jaws. We are all in the hungry mouth of the world and for once in my life, I seem small. I don't like it. I don't like feeling small. I instead turn and see if the Sorens need any help setting up tents. I am taller than some of the tents. And that's all I need to feel at the moment. Doesn't help that most of the other hulking things of beaten leather are giant. Too many tall things I the world. There needs to be less of them.
I don't know where they come up with fuel for their fire, but a small disc lies in the center of a clear ring of stones. A Soren looks to me and gestures. They all step back as I step up and snap breaks the air. In no time at all, the disc has grown and a wide blue flame has started lapping at the stars.
"Put your mask on," says the Soren that has appointed herself my nanny.
"Aren't we about to eat? I can take the mask off if I'm eating," I sigh.
She huffs and stares at me. But I relent. It's not worth the hassle and she is right. I am a Soren, however temporarily, and Sorens have rules about how Sorens act. I cannot be a Jill and a Soren at the same time. So, a Soren I am. Doesn't make the breath sting any less, though. It will burn just like the rest.
Every one of the Sorens has their little role to play and they all do it well. While the fire still grows and turns to orange red, others set the tent. Others look to start the meal. About a dozen, a baker's with me in tow, all arranged and stacked perfectly to do the job as it is needed to be done. I just sit and watch the flames. I am a Soren and a Jill and I still can't breathe properly.
Another Soren pulls the rations and I don't care what it is tonight. I am back to the mountains, always scanning, always looking. There is nothing, nothing at all in the stone face. No gaps, no spires, no grand tower to the heavens. It's all the mountains. They dominate and control every single thing that the skyline offers. Just jagged tooths of rock and ice and snow. I don't like them. My handler approaches and joins me as I sit at the canyon's lip and glare at the rock.
"You're really bad at being a Soren," she says.
"You're not wrong. I think it's because I'm not," I say.
"You have to let go. That's the main thing. You just let go. That little bit of your mind that says you're you is lying and then you are one. With everything. You're a finger."
"How old are you?"
"I have no age. I am a continuation of an organism older than time that will persist until infinity. A limb may die, but a new one will replace it. The whole is complete and unchanging."
"I'm guessing 14."
"15," she huffs. I smirk and lie back on the warmed stone.
"Relax," I say, "I'm not here to join you. For long anyway. I'm not going to be a Soren after you get to the holdout. I plan to do some bad things and I'm using your mask to do them. Just put up with a sinner for a while and you'll never have to think about me ever again."
She is not placated, but I don't mind. She can sit there and try to shame me and force me into the admittedly effective collective. It's not that I mind them, or even hate them. If anything, they're one of the better ways of living I've seen. But I'm not that. Besides, she now has a mission. I am a heathen that needs conversion, so she will sit there and tell me that I'm a bad person as much as she wants. My little shadow is right, anyway. I am a bad person.
"Why'd you join up?" I ask.
"I was always a part of the collective," she says.
"No more philosophy. I'm taking to reality now."
"No, really. I was always a Soren. I will always be a Soren. My mom was a Soren. My dad was a Soren."
"Did you ever want to be anything else?"
"I thought of being a Lethe for a while. Or a Lucia. But I like being a Soren. All the Sorens are nice. Except you."
"I think you might make a good Nephenee. You're right. I'm not nice. And I'm not a Soren. I'm a Jill."
"No, you're a Soren. If you travel with us, then you're a Soren."
"Was I a Soren after the reta-muha? Was Ike a Soren?"
"Sort of. You were always a Soren, anyway, even if you didn't know it. But you asked to be a Soren and all that, right? That's why you went and talked with the mouth. Its why anyone talks with the mouth."
"Sort of. I'm pretending to be a Soren to get near your next stop and then kill a guy and then rescue another guy. And then probably fuck the second guy until one of us passes out. My money's one him, to be honest."
"Ike?" she asks, a little bit of raw curiosity eking into her voice.
"No, the other guy I know. Of course, it's Ike. Why? Do I have some competition for him? I'm pretty sure I can take you."
"No. Of course not. I am a Soren. The body is self-contained. It will grow another limb and I shall help the body nourish. It must come from within."
She makes a pointed to effort to look into the canyon with each word. All of them have been committed to memory, the meaning set into the stone of her mind. She knows what they mean and what she wants them to mean. So, she says them and I hear them and I know what the meaning really is.
"Why are you doing all this for him?" she asks. She is trying, I will give her that. She is trying to tamp down everything that tells her to ask. But it is too great. There is a man she saw and she has to ask. It just so happens that a heathen knows the most about him, so here she sits and asks inane questions that I must answer so that the body knows what to expect.
"He tried," I sigh.
"That's a really low bar."
I raise an arm to the sky and let the sharp dance between my outstretched fingers.
"He tried to have some fun with me," I say, "And that's not a low bar. He looked to me and said that I can conquer that. That I can push that. He looked deep into the abyss of me and did not look away. He saw something to play with. And I want to play with him. That's about it."
"That's it?"
"That's it. It's simple really. Doesn't have to be anything more complicated than that. He didn't see a monster, or a threat, or a thing to crush under heel. He saw me as a disaster and thought that I was worth keeping around. I'm starting to think that no from before was a little lie."
"I just, y'know," she whispers, "thought that he might look good in the mask. Or something."
"He's pretty big if that helps give you a picture. Of him. In the mask. Just the mask."
I may not be able to see her face, but I certainly can feel the blush bleed through the worn leather. And I have so much more to tell her.
---
My Soren shadow takes my hand as I lift her over a set of rocks designed to be lifted over. She gets a taste of the current and she is very quick in letting it go. She doesn't like it. It tingles the wrong nerves and pores of the skin and all the things that should not tingle and spark and poke. It's terrible, simply terrible. Things should not tingle and I make them tingle too much. At least she has not asked to make sure that my steps are in time. She has not let up on the mask thing though. I don't blame her. Masks are important.
It's cold, I think. My baseline for such things has been completely shattered by the mere concept of a desert. Its honesty just past chilly, if that. It might even be tepid or warm. I have no clue. I am almost grateful for the mask at this point. Almost. More than anything though, I miss my jacket. It's right over there, in the communal pack of miscellaneous things gathered and left alone. But it would go against the collective to have something so incredibly red and vibrant and amazing on the personage with the name Soren.
They are all so quiet though, as the steps pound and meld into one another. I would think that at this point someone would start saying something, at least just to pass the time. But I guess when everyone is one person, there is nothing left to say. All things are known. All dreams are shared. There is only the subtle shift of facts that change day to day. Since they all witness the same, there is no need to point anything out. I would appreciate the heads-up though, if only for the principle of being included.
It's a building. Of course, it's a building. I don't know what else it could have been. But it's just a square lump of stone jutting from the slope of a mountain. There's a hole missing from the roof, sharpening the stone to a knife. I can see the metal spider web skeleton underneath, poking the sky.
The sharp starts to swell and shift within me now that it is so near. I was made to hurt and bleed and ache. It is only fair that I return the favor in kind. Then I will take Ike back and have him safe and have him inside of me. Then I don't know what. Maybe stay in Fingertree for a spell. Maybe go back across the endless desert. There has to be somewhere green and vibrant somewhere. It's been a while since I've seen that color. It's all reds and browns and tans soaking into the world. Maybe I'll finally muster up the strength to go over the mountains again. It might be green over there.
But there is a knife in the side of the world and a man of gales and gusts sitting on his throne looking down over all there is. I need to drag him down the abyss within me and make him see that there are no grand acts in the world anymore. The Sorens are moving to leave me behind again. I have dillied and dallied long enough. The great walk must continue. The packs must be lightened and then filled again. It is all as it should be once the weight is settled and the feet matching. I don't think I'll be a Soren for much longer. I hope not at least.
I help my Soren over another ridge and she shakes out her hand as the sharp fades from her mind.
"Is it always like that with you," she asks.
"More or less. Sometimes stronger. Sometimes weaker. It fades when I get hurt. But yeah. Do you like the tingle? Because Ike likes the tingle."
She huffs and turns away from me again and I smile. She's fun. I like this Soren. I hope she isn't one for much longer. But she can be. I'm not in the business of telling other people's business. So, a Soren she shall be. As one, we all march to the edge of the mountains, where the world turns steep and the knife in the side of the world looks gleaming and razor. I don't like it. I don't like the way it stands at the world. I should be in that place, ready to scrape and scour. The lump of poured stone does not have claim to my role. It simply fell into the shape that the world made for it. I will tear it down if time does not beat me to it.
It's in a set of ruins, much like the ones in the sand and grit. More structures of poured store, but deep lines in these ones. But not all of them. Bricks of red clay stacked with crumbling mortar and dust calling in the wind. Dead, it is a dead town with dead things crawling through the memories of the stone. I shoulder my cloak a little tighter. It is now finally cold. I almost forgot what it feels like outside my body. Don't know if I prefer it to the heat of the sand, really. I like the suggestion of it, but the excess heat above the world is starting to wear on me. I just feel like there should be some middle ground where everyone is happy and comfortable. But that's silly. There is no comfort here, not in the choking leather and unstable rocks and the cutting wind there tears through the cloak.
I can feel him, Ike. I think I can. I hope I can. Because if I can't, then I am actually losing my mind. There is something massive and heft at the summit of the knife and I will find everything I want there. I better find everything I want there.
For such a massive thing, the doors are positively tiny. They can fit people there just fine enough, but that's about it. They should be bigger. It just looks too off. Maybe we approach the side entrance or something, the one made for small things venturing way over their head. My steps are aligning with theirs, and I don't know if I made them that way or not.
A Soren, the one who carried the rifle, opens the door for the rest of the collective. I'm not sure why. There is no door, just the suggestion of one with a frame and a handle. It might have been made of glass or something. Odd thing to have a door of glass. There is something to be said of something heavy and dark and opaque to keep everything from the world. Glass just lets everything in, hiding nothing important. Kind of impotent, the door that can hide nothing at all. But I don't know what goes into building making. I'm the dumb one.
We all come to a massive room. The roof opens to the sky. I can see the tip of the knife from where I stand. Balconies and landings, stairs lining two pillars set into the far walls. Massive, there is massive and hollow and empty. Wind and gust and breeze dance through the open air.
The sharp responds in kind. It sparks and dances and lets the whole of my body know that I have played at being something sane and sapient for long enough. I know I have. I know that I should let It all out, let the veneer fall to the mask and the hope that I will be nothing at all. The wastes and the snow scoured hills, that is all I am. And that is just a thought.
A wind comes from the echoing ceiling and carries a woman down with the bouncing noise. Fair skin, dark hair and three circles in deep red over her left eye. It does go very well with the gold in her eyes.
"We are here to trade," says the Soren with the gun. As a single motion, we all nod.
"Wrong," says the woman with a voice like the shattering of metal, "You are here to pay tribute."
"We are here to trade," says the same Soren, "That is the terms of our dealings. Should you not return the act in kind, then you are not entitled to such a deal. I state once more. We have goods to trade. Not give. The collective shall deem whether or not the act has value."
She sighs and lets the noise bounce once more, turning the solo to a chorus. There is will from her, manifest and succinct, and the structure sings with her in creaks and groans that shake the earth. The skeleton of the behemoth bends and twists and shakes to encircle us all.
"I apologize for the misunderstanding," she says, "But there is no trade in this house. Merely tribute and worship. If you are not here to do either, then you are of no use to his splendor."
She approaches and the sharp keeps wanting to break the chain. I can't stop it. There is no stopping it. It leaps from my palms and tries to run her through. The metal cage takes the knife and makes it dull.
"And I figured that was what I felt," she sighs, "There is only one thing to do with something like you, my friends. Just stay here and be good. This will all be sorted out."
My hands go to the bars and more and more and more of the sharp pours out of me into the metal. And it takes it all. The cage starts to glow and I get some of the woman's attention. I can make this bend. I can make this break. The metal will bend and pool at my feet. Then her skin will char and bubble and blister as her eyes will grow dead and cold as she falls to the floor and never rises again.
A pipe comes to my temple and my vision sparks.
"I'm actually surprised we missed you," she whispers, "King Bryce feeling something else in Fingertree, but it was so weak. No matter. You are here now. As you should be."
"I'm here for Ike and then I'm going to tear this entire place to the ground," I say.
"Good plan. Good plan. How is that working out for you right now?"
"I'm just getting started."
The metal bends and it breaks, but not from my will. It follows the flex of this woman's fingers and binds my hands, my ankles. More and more of the metal takes the sharp.
"You may wish to try a bit harder. It won't help, but it might make you feel a bit better."
I do. I do try a bit harder. Do try a bit more, put more and more of the sharp down into the metal. But it keeps going, keeps going into the metal and making it glow against my pale skin. And it doesn't not break. There is still the metal. The pipe comes again and beats into my temple. The sharp fades as it goes to repair the damage. Another wave of the hands come and I feel a body press into me and take some of the sharp into it. My Soren yells in pain and I have to tamper it down.
The woman takes her will and moves the cage of ruin frame. I have no choice but to move with the cage.
---
The woman of metal will keeps me bound. That is terrible. I don't like being bound, but I have no choice. She keeps me with other bodies, other Sorens that come and draw the sharp away from the metal. My Soren holds onto me. I wish she didn't. It takes too much from the metal and I can't break free.
In her defense there is very few other places to hold onto other than me. The cells are small. The cells are cramped and I would hold onto something else if I had a choice.
The cell breaks us apart, some of us. I have my Soren and two others that I have no particular attachment to. But they are Sorens and that means they are friends. The sharp understands, despite all its rage. These are innocents, and while they may be annoying, they are only to get a slight current to keep their senses honed. My Soren seems to like it.
And the best part is that now I get to take my mask off and no one yells at me. My Soren should as well. But they are still masked. Their terrible choice, really. I'm not here to save anyone extra than Ike. My Soren can come along if she wants. She can watch if she wants, although Ike might have some reservations now that I think about it. Later, that is a problem for later. Get out of the cage and burn things and kill some people with gold chains and then the Soren can watch, if everyone's okay with that.
There are other cells scattered on our level. They all hang on the precipice of the center pillar of open air. The wind rattles the loose metal. Several stand empty and clean. Several others have a smattering of Sorens. Only one other stands full, way on the other side of our empty air. But it has a weight to it that I can't help but feel a bit better about.
So, we hang there in the suspended cages, our warden casting lazy glances out to the horizon. There is nothing there. Endless sand and curving horizons with more sand beyond. The warden knows that. She has to know that. She is alive and has lived and has gazed out into the endless wastes that we all must go through in order to come to this wonderful castle.
"Jill," whispers my Soren, "What are we going to do?"
"I don't know," I say, "That hasn't' changed since the last time you asked me."
"I thought that you would think of something."
"I'm kind of a one trick pony. I could melt through the bars if I give it enough juice, but then I'd fry you. If you make it through that, then you'd have a fall to deal with. Do you want me to do that?"
"Not really," said the Soren with his legs dangling through the mesh.
"I didn't ask you, Soren," I sigh, "How about you? Do you have any ideas?"
"Rope."
"That's not an idea. That's a thing. That's thing that would be in the packs, but we don't have those either."
"No. Take off your clothes."
"You're too young to tell me to do that."
"We can make a rope from your clothes. We just need to tear your clothes enough to make strands."
And that's a smart idea. I like my Soren. It's my favorite Soren. My Soren helps me undress from the simple cotton tunic the full metal bitch left me with to preserve her impression of my modesty. I take off the wrapping covering my chest as well. They seem more suited to rope making than anything else really.
My Soren gets to work rather quickly. For once she only has the leather mask to impede her. She is rather pale as well. The robes must have hidden her from the sun. But she doubles back, layering and relayering the thin fabric to make it strong. And in no time at all, she produces a length of rope easily long enough to dangle uselessly in the air.
"I might have gotten a little too into this idea," I say, "Because I have no idea what to do with this now."
It is a quality rope, given the circumstances, although I am now rather cold. I should not have let her do that. This might be some form of revenge for my bad faith acting in her collective. She sighs and points to the nearest cage.
"Toss it to that guy," she says, "And then we pull ourselves over."
Smart Soren. Good Soren. I would pat her on the head and say good girl if the angle was better. She gets nothing, but I get the rope. And I start swinging.
It takes a good long while to get some momentum going, but I eventually lay the ropey strand over the top. Unfortunately, the denizen of such a cage does not seem to notice or care that there is something happening in the world outside of his cage. I shake the rope and a stray knot dangles through the gaps and tickles his forehead.
He bats it away and I finally feel the weight of Ike come out in full force. Sad, it is sad. It wallows in the endless mire of despair, content to lie in his little cage and let the world go on without him. People got hurt because of him. They would continue to get hurt because of him. He was born to hurt people and he didn't want to hurt people anymore.
"Ike," I whisper, "Ike, grab the stupid rope and pull us over."
I don't think he gets the words and their meaning, but he gets the noise. And even in the deepest sadness, there is always a response to the name. His head turns and spies the thread. And it leads back to me.
The light in his eyes and the smile crossing his lips makes me melt. The eager need in the hands pulling me closer, let the sharp spike and spin. I can't hold it in, despite the extra pressure from my roommates to tone it down. I can't. There is no control. I don't want it to have control. The world does not want it to have control. Ike might. But he is not the wone with the sharp. He is the one with the weight and he is pulling me closer.
Wordlessly, he touches my hand once the rope has exhausted its length. The sharp crackles and pokes and I am touching him again. The smooth bore rifling of my core sings in the soft anticipation of the weight filling me once again. The jagged edges are worn down by the immense pressure. There are gaps to fill and spaces to hollow and heels to nip and we are together again. I want to kiss him. I can't kiss him. The metal is in the way. But I do get to see the white-blue light dance through his veins. There are not enough scars on his body to let the starlight dance in its connection. It will. There will be histories and stories and deeds to mar his flesh and I will be there for them all.
"Thank you," says the voice of the metal will. She rises on a bed of rust and rivet, bored and inattentive.
"You saved me the trouble of moving you two together. Come along now. We have work to do."
---
I'm in a cell with Ike. No Sorens. It's nice to not be around Sorens anymore. Fine company, but not quite what I want from a long-term relationship. Too serious, too restrictive, too many terrible things with lines and rules and boundaries as to what I can and can't be.
Being with Ike like this is terrible in its own way, however. It's just that now, the lines and the boundaries are real and tactile. And they are sharp. Bad sharp, the ones that actually make me bleed instead of just making me feel like I've been stuck. I like sharp things, but I like my sharp things. Not any of this. At least Ike doesn't seem to be that big of a fan either. He is a fan of soft and large things. Even now, he keeps looking to my chest now that it is open to breeze. I still miss my coat. Not my shirt. I am indifferent to that.
Our warden hums a song with absent thought as the cage follows her motions. I let more of the sharp out, but it still isn't enough for the metal to bend and break. At least Ike can take the extra current. He even seems to like it.
He is holding onto me, to make sure that I am not running away, to make sure that he has something solid to hang onto as the cage rattles. I hold onto him, mostly to feel the weight in my core slowly spread the pathways of the sharp. There is more, there is more pouring from me, through me.
The cage shakes as she turns and we come to a room, a spacious room lined with what might be considered something soft. It looks like it's trying to be a bed. A wall-to-wall bed. I like the idea, in theory. But the thin spots in the mattress, and what looks to be suspicious stains on the fabric, have me somewhat trepidations of the whole affair.
"Micaiah," Ike says, "Do I really have to do this?"
"You say that like it's a bad thing, handsome," she hums, "This one has good tits, but I'm not really appreciating the vibe she's giving off. Are you doing alright? Do you need some space before we start?"
"My name is Jill," I say, "And the vibe I'm giving off means I want to hurt you."
"That might be why you and I aren't going to get along. But you should be thanking me. Handsome here's one of Bryce's favorites. His mom tried to hide him from us, but we knew he'd come back. The offer was too good to refuse."
"You said you'd kill her if I didn't come back," Ike whispers.
"We had to take a hard line," Micaiah the terrible person says, "Omelets and eggs and that sort of thing."
"What even are you doing with us?" I ask. She's thinking. If she's thinking then she's not watching me and the sharp pour from me to cut the metal.
"Stop that," she says, "Just get on the bed. He'll walk you through it. I refuse to believe you have no experience."
The metal shifts and bends and shoves us to the stained seams. It smells weird. Not really that bad weird, but just old weird. Musty even.
I run back to the entrance, sharp running riot in my veins. The cage forms again with a wayward thought and shoves me back. A hand slips through the bones and I almost, almost get out far enough to draw a spire of the sharp current into the open air and nothing happens. The metal comes and wrings it away and I still want something to break.
"What I really don't like about is the refusal to deal with reality," Micaiah sighs, "Just let this happen. It'll be worth it. If you're any type of smart, you'll realize you're doing something really important soon enough."
The cage pushes me back and I keep fighting until a hand of dark skin and burn scars comes and takes away all the edge and the sharp into him. He is fine. The sharp likes him and runs through the veins. I am calm. I need to be calm. I will let everything flow out and surge and sear later. When there is open sky and no goddamn metal in the way.
"Take your time, by the way," Micaiah says, "I got nothing else to do all by my lonesome."
I turn back to Ike and see him take off his shirt. I like that. I like shirtless Ike. But I also don't like the woman up top watching him take off his shirt. I want that to be for me.
"Ike," I whisper, "What's going on?"
"I'm not sure. I just know that Bryce wants to breed us."
I tear my vision away from the dark skin and pale scars to look up again at the circling bed of rust and scrap. Micaiah waves to me and then shoves me back to the task. She waves a finger in the air and watches us with rapt attention.
"You act like I'm doing a bad thing," she says, "Are you saying that you don't want to sleep with him? Because we can find someone else. But Bryce said that this one gets to pick. And he finally chose you. Shame. Real shame."
"Jill," he whispers, "I'm trying to think of something. I don't know why he wants me. I don't know what he wants from this. But I knew you would come for me. Thank you."
Even through his complexion I see him blush and the sharp comes to rise once again. It missed him. It missed him terribly. I missed him terribly. I forgot that part of me could feel hollow. It was vacant for so long. The peeper circling overhead does diminish the clench in my core, just a bit.
But there is weight near mean and holding on to me and I see his bare skin and I can't stop the foiling sharp form beaching and touching and scorching.
"We'll do it later," I say, as I lean in to kiss his cheek, "Once you're out of here."
"No, Jill," he says, "We have to do it here. We're not getting out of here otherwise."
I don't like the fact that he's not fighting against everything metal and poured stone. Something to work on. I get it, I really do, but I do not want a caged bird to attend to me. There must be freedom and anarchy pouring from every ounce of his being. He is getting there, There is rebellion in him. And I will draw it out.
"I know I said I got time," Micaiah says, "But still, I'd prefer to get this over with soon rather than later."
"Shut up," I shout. The sharp spikes and spits and goes through Ike in a futile attempt to claw at the ceiling. A beam comes between me and the poured stone and takes it all away. It slams into my chest and bends over me, pinning my arms to my sides and my entirety to the floor.
"Ike," she says, "Get on with it. Or I'm putting you in the Maiden again."
The jump that travels through his spine makes me want to turn the world inside out. The look in his eyes makes me want to crawl in a cave with him and never leave. I pull against the rebar and there is no give. All the conflict in me leaves when he lays a hand on my shoulder and puts himself next to me and holds me close. He takes the sharp and the chill and turns it dull and warm. I struggle against the weight, trying to hold against the weight, but I crumple. I don't want to, but I do. I will break free. That is inevitable. I will break free and burn the rubble to ashes and dust. It will be grand. But not now. There has to be some amount of patience in me that holds and keeps the world from turning inside out.
"We'll get out of this, Jill," he whispers. I know we will. But I will play at being civilized, play at having a plan beyond endless destruction for a bit. There is a shirtless Ike to deal with at the moment. That has a way for making the world not matter outside my immediate sensations. He kisses me again and I wish the rebar bindings were gone so I could hold him and feel him in my arms. But I can't because the world decides that I should not. That's terrible. That's really terrible.
"I'm sorry," he whispers to me. I almost roll my eyes. This will be fine. Honestly, not the biggest fan of restraints, but they have their uses. Like keeping me from getting too worked up.
"You'll be fine," I say, "Part of me likes the audience."
Part of me doesn't, but the principle of the whole affair isn't the worst idea. Me strung up and open for the world to see. Would have like some more input into how this was supposed to happen, but I'm not one to take a gift like this and chuck it away. Ike is mine and he has been given to me. I will take him and hold him and use him to break through the block and the rebar and all the things that stand in my way.
I taste him again and he is full. His lips are smooth and warm. They take care of him here, at least. Probably better than I would have done. There are responsibilities that come with an entourage. I kiss him and let the sweet-sour sharp spike into him and flood him and take his veins for my own. So long, so very long since it was able to play and dance with another body. A week at most. It was alone so long before him, now any absence is a vacant abyss that cannot be filled. But he is here now, by my side on a soft bed by some stretch of the imagination. Micaiah yawns and I want to slam her to the earth.
It is good to feel his body on mine again. The sharp, the chill, whatever it is that is me and is not me, likes the way his circuits curve and turn. I like it when the shill or the sharp likes things. It's all a very simple process. The hunger isn't there though. That raw primal need. It is just the soft touch and reassurance that we are not alone. I am here. And he is there. The slight difference that little t makes is almost nonexistent. At least our audience remains quiet for the time being. She is watching or she is not. I do not care. Ike is watching mead n that is the only thing that matters.
To my surprise, he has not learned to tone down his aggressive streak. He moves on top, letting that weight form the space behind reality, flow through him and into me, just as the current does the same. It is ice. It is complete. It is whole. Even here, under the rust and the crumbling stone, under the bored watching eyes of a captor disinterested in pretending at humanity of others, it is whole.
He kisses me and he tastes of clean water laced with iron and sand. But he is strong. Still thin, still whip razor wind thin, but it is his thinness, the body taking the shape it should. It presses into me, cutting into me. I like it when he lies on top of me, like he has an idea of control. Again, I wish that the metal jacket was gone so I could hug him back.
"Can you take this thing off," I shout.
"Are you going to be good?" she shouts back.
"Probably not."
"Then it's going to stay."
"Micaiah," Ike butts in, "Take it off her. It'll make this process easier."
She sighs and lets the thoughts cross her head. She could just encase us both in metal and ram us together like a child playing with dolls. She probably has done that. But the work that goes into the play, all that terrible effort, that's just too much for her right now. She has the cages to deal with as well, hanging outside.
"Will she be good?" she asks.
"I'll make her be good," he says.
That is a terrible thing to say because that is a filthy, filthy lie. A promise so crystalline fragile, the mere mention of its precarious nature is something that tips it past the shattering point. I admire it. I really do. There is something to be said of straight on audacity so blatant and glaring, an actual slap to the face would be less shocking. Just for that, I pour a bit more of the sharp into him. He winces and takes a hand to my neck. I am getting ready to melt through the steel beam, but a kiss to the ear lobe and whispered sweet nothing stops me.
"Bear with me," he says, "I just want you out of this first. I'm working on her."
The weight comes off me a bit, and I feel it fill the room. I like the way it fills the room and tries to crush me. It's just more to struggle against. And if Ike says that there is a scheme behind the act, then there is a scheme behind the act. I will burst through if there isn't anyway. The hand is still at my neck and I wish that would move. The sharp sees to a nip and a scratch to get it to move. And it does, it slowly trails up my neck to my cheek and I have to press into it, just a bit. HE feels very nice. There are just enough callouses and rough patches to give him some texture. I stare into his eyes. Red, they are red and deep and focused on me. So incredibly red like burning fire frozen in a single moment. And I can't look away. I do not want to look away. Even as the other hand leaves to trail down my chest and pry away at the steel. I turn my head slightly and take his fingers to me mouth, letting the sharp between my teeth play with his fingers. The joint goes stiff, so stiff and rigid and I watch the flame flicker and falter with the addition of razor sharp cold.
He goes to my chest and the sharp goes with him. There is no escape. Even with the steel beam, there is enough bleeding out through the rest of the nerves to stun and overwhelm.
"You make it so easy to say yes Ike," Micaiah sighs, "Have it your way. If she gets out of hand, you're both going in the Maiden."
There is a flash of fear that dances across his face again and I do not appreciate that. There should be awe in the fear. This is just unsullied and raw fear. The sharp jumps to him and brings him back to the moment with me and my bare chest. He should focus on my bare chest. That is all he needs. Not a bed of metal and rust and stains. Not a hovering bitch with iron in her veins. Not a cage of bent rebar hovering over a mountain summit drop. Just me and the cold of my skin and the swell of my chest under his palm. The rebar pries off and slides away. It joins the throne above us and I am back to the red eyes of ruby flame and the chest of night sky star showers.
The weight joins the sharp in the tingle of his touch and I give it power. I give it the pulse it wants and they play once again. It touches the heels and all the area of skin on the immense heft of him. There is nothing but the crush of the night sky and the needles driving in to prop it back up.
He is hard. He is hard and thrusting down into my stomach, the hard lines guide him up. I missed the shape he can make with me, the suggestion of what he will do to me when he has full reign over my body. I move my hands to his shoulders and pull him back to my lips. The finger was nice, but I want him and his mouth and his tongue on mine, The weight is almost invisible with its presence. The temperature is nonexistent. The texture is the same. It is only the pressure he can pour into me, widen me, that is all it is. All it can be. I moan into his mouth a sweet song of open acceptance.
There is no fumbling with the clothes. They are easy to slide off now that the restraints are gone. I am open and free and he is the same. He is open to me and the soft pads and the too low ceiling. Even as it lets someone fly, it is too low. Sky should be high, so impossibly high that no one can scale even halfway up. I could probably jump and reach it if I tried hard enough. Ike might not even need to jump.
He moves like the world coming to an end down my body and I can't help but moan at the way his fingers trace the lines of my work and strength. I want more. That is a simple fact. I want more of his hands on me, touching me, stroking me, holding me and it is a travesty that he only has two. A legion of hands, all his, should come down from the sky just to worship and fondle and grope. His lips do not leave me and all I taste is wight.
A hand goes between my legs and the sharp snaps at him. This is not quite what I want. It is a pale imitation of the act. It is not the heated length probing and spreading. It is narrow cutting fingers, slicing and evisceration the walls and the lips. It's nice. Very nice. But it is not the destruction I crave. It brings me flashes of starlight and gust of cool breeze. Not the ell encompassing nova of white, the sheer winds of barbed hail. Still, good hands. Very good hands. And a very good tongue that plays with mine. The sharp jumps between the up and down, flowing into him and out, just as the weight spreads and opens. Terrible, simply terrible teasing of the event that is coming, but we wait. We simply wait for the next step. There is a show to put on where I am submissive and obedient. Everything will fall back into its pale sooner or later. The world is too orderly at the moment. That will change. That has to change.
He is still good, pooling his weight and his strength into me. And it is more than what was. He is finally strong again. Still at his peak, but well on his way to ascension. I am excited, so excited for that day when the mountain top comes. The thought alone sends shivers and jolts through me. At least they have been good to him here. Enough food and water, although exercise seems lacking. There is form to him now, clinging to his bones. And it is all collected and pooling in the digits and their dance. He takes his mouth to my chest and bits the tender skin. Greedy little thing he can be sometimes.
Through half lidded eyes, I glimpse the audience finally start to pay attention. She does not want to. This is work, the task to be done, the will and orders to be carried out. What are we but beasts coupling for a prized stock generations down the line? She should not show interest. That would be unbecoming. But the glances and the stares, the parted lips and the wide eyes, show that there is something bewitching through the bestial coupling. The dark and light intermingling, the pale tamed and leashed through lips and hands. It is a good show. I arch my back and stick out my chest. I hope, I pray that there is a flash of inadequacy through her, just for my petty will.
Ike brings me and I gaze to the night sky and let the pin pricks of starlight take me away. A million needles prickling at my skin, all cold and heated at the same time. So many little pokes and prods and all the things that make the feeling come alive. It's sublime, the dance of fingers and touches within and without. And I do nothing in return. Just as passive the rest of my audience, I have to wait for what I want to be given. Terrible, simply terrible. It is there, it's right there on the edge of the world and all I have to do is reach out over the lip and take it. But I can't. I have to be good because I was told to be good. It will be good. It has to be good, once all the restraints are lifted.
It is nice, this little submission to the world, if only for the novelty. It's been a long, long time since I've had to submit to the world. I wish to rage and rebel, but I settle for scratch and touch of the dark back. He winces, and I lavish with the slight will I can inflict back on him. He thinks he should be in charge and that is simply wrong.
He teases the starlight from me, letting the needles settle and spread the pores in my body. The sharp fills the gaps around the spread. The arc comes from the gaps, the gaps of life and the space of what is in me. The arcs and the lines and the volts pour from me into him. The mattress smokes around him, but he does not mind. It blends to his skin. There are dark clouds scattering thunder from the heavens to the era and the hands, the wonderful hands tease more and more and more from me. But the deluge never comes. The final damn burst of light and energy is too far away, too high up for me to grasp. There is just the feigned nonchalance of an audience member watching the animals mate. She is not above this. She is down in the blood and the dirt with the rest of us and the hands of sharp weight dig into me and bring me back to the constellations that do not form shapes.
Ike finally puts a bit more effort into the act, and it is welcome. The stars in my vision dance and sway and twinkle and spark their sharp dance of blades and needles and it finally feels good to end. IT final shows the light that there is an end goal in all of the action. There will be release and salvation through the terrible ecstasy. It is in his hands and the Armageddon but it is coming and it will be glorious.
It comes with trumpets and the dead wailing and a long tongue tracing down my stomach with a mischievous pair of eyes situated just above it. They promise play and dance and song of knife fire, but all it gives me is tentative licks and kisses. Which are very nice. I am, once again, not in the mood for nice, no matter how very it is.
"More," I moan, trying to put more emotion into the voice than is actually there. And he does give me more. There is more tongue and more lips and more fingers doing the act of slap and tickler. But it just makes the starlight colder. It does not join and unite the endless bright against me. It just makes the dance a little more than it once was. MY legs go over his shoulders and I hope that goads him a bit deeper than what I am currently getting. I hope so. I really hope he gets the message.
I am sure he does, but the audience does not want that. If anything, she wants the main event to hurry up and arrive, and I have to agree with her somewhat. This is a farce, a joke and fool's errand that is fun to run but has to come it an end. I will not summit from this, although I can. There is the edge sitting right over there and it just hovers out of grasp.
Ike does finally stop the charade. Putting on a show and all that, but certainly not worth waiting around for an encore. He rises up, back to my eyes with his and I glance down as he lays himself against me. I can't suppress the throaty chuff that comes from me. I don't want to. I want him to know that this is not enough and he knows it. He can't not know it. The show must go on, but I will burn down the stage if he does not get inside me and actually try.
He does get inside of me and that is very nice. Very, very nice. My opinions on very nice have been established. Really, anything with that classification is good as an opening move and nothing else. But we shall sit here with the slow spread and open and fill of my body while we settle into the think cushion. I take him easily. I take him so easily. The hollow is sated again and I am complete. The circuit runs its track between us and I finally pull a whimper and groan and a wonderful shudder from him. The current traces its favorite paths as the weight in him makes it all so easy for him to do. It's easy, so easy and conductive for the world to be this way. The sky is full and clear and open as the wastes stretch to the horizon and back and all the world is locked and keyed. It is as it should be,
Our bones meet and I close my eyes to savor the feeling. Full, so full. The wastes are clear and rolling dunes stretch and wave. It is what I want and therefore what I deserve. It is the world giving me my due and that cannot change. It should not change. Breaking that iron clad rule is sin and trespass. I am whole with the coupling and the union. It is right because it is mine.
He starts his motions and the world somehow becomes truer. The reality of the forgotten thoughts aligns with the reality of witness phenomena. It is right, simply right and whole. He leaves me with the hollow of his shape as he withdraws for that agonizing moment before slowly going back in.
I chance a gander at the audience and she has forgone all pretenses of inattention. There is something magical happening below her in the dirt and blood from the common folk. Her throne of pointed iron does not pleasure does not excite. It simply hovers in the end, obstinate and opulent. There is no excitement there. It is all down here in the bloody soil. Ike thrusts and I have to yelp. My fault and I will wear that loss on my sleeve. I should have been paying more attention really.
There is naked desire on her face, for me, for him, for the touch of another that can take the goddamn pace. I can't help but smirk up at her as she rubs her thighs together in some ineffective dance to still the turmoil sea within her. It is not working. Her mouth moves to take a lip under her teeth and I let out another moan as his hands go to help his length with its administrations.
Ike is focused on the starlight it seems. And I have to admit, the strategy is coming together. Many bombardments scattered and fragmented can do the same as an overwhelming strike. And if one is blocked, then the others can still do some damage. Admirable in its own tight, although not quite in line with the call of my body. All the same, the light starts tracing its paths once again as his pace is set. Slow, terribly slow, putting the weight to it, letting every inch gained feel like a mile, just from the endless pressure. He is good and he is novel. The pace is slow, but that does not make it soft. IT takes time for mountains to form, even more for them to rise and tetter over the edge.
But just a moment for it to come tumbling down.
The sharp snaps at the patient wait. It is done being patient. It is done with the show for the woman that does and does not care. It is done at the play of breeding and sowing. It just wants. It wants Ike to hurry the hell up and get fast again. He can go breakneck and gale-force, so there is no reason, no reason at all to be so sluggish. My legs move behind him again, locking him down and sending the circuit to new places between us.
He does expediate the whole process, although not to the best of his ability. There is still the leash, the shackle that he has settled in his soul. And I understand. That's the wort part. I understand that this is the way things have to be. There is some grand twist on the horizon, but I want him to unleash and break the bonds that keep him bound to reality. He can be more and he has chosen me to be more with him. The star lights dance and shine and brighten once more to blinding. Not searing but blinding.
Even still, even through all the disappointments and concessions, the light and the wastes sing their song of my release and it will be glorious. Maybe too strong of a word, but that is what they say. It will at the very least be very nice. And that's horrible. But nice.
It comes with the needles turned to razors, little pierces to cuts and it bleeds from me. Slowly at first, the cold seeping in as the warmth files away. More and more of the cuts come and the sharp cold comes quicker and quicker. I am left hollow as the starshine bleeds me dry. Hollow and cold and white end sweeping through me.
The surge of my current sharp sends the light to sear, just for a moment, just for brief beautiful second of annihilation. My fingers rack across that wonderful back of his, the lines, the spine, the muscles, the bones and it is all marked for me and me alone.
The end comes for me. I let it come. I do not fight it. It is too soon to be over, but it has to be this way. At least Ike is on the same moment I am. His eyes are narrowed and his brow is furrowed and I get one last sweet song from him as the pulse and throb and twitch and quiver collect into something desolating.
That warm rain comes within me and I sigh and laugh and giggle like a child at the endless torrent given to me. It's been a while. Too long. He should not be this way, pent up and frustrated and caged. But he is and there is wonderful release at hand. There is annihilation so close to him. The sharp finds my mind and his and fries everything. There is sweet release as the lights in the sky turn to jagged stars. I don't think of anything other than the blank collapse we both bring.
His ends before mine, partly because his hand teases more and more from me. That's very nice, actually. He can keep doing that. He can keep doing that forever, even when we're not quite in the act. But, like everything, it fades back into existence and makes itself known as a part of reality. I am still staring at a ceiling of rusted metal and poured stone. Ike is not there. He is sitting far away, flushed and panting. He gets his break. But there better be more coming.
There is not.
The urge and hunger have faded from me for the moment and I look to the poured stone walls reaching up to a poured stone ceiling. More bits of rusted metal and open pipes cross my vision like a grand spider web. Ike is on my chest under the web. He should be under me and I should be under an open sky.
Micaiah is distracted by the show and her fingers and the thoughts that come with all of them intermingling once more. Ike is tired and sore and thinking through all the permutations of what he can do.
I can do something. I can do something incredible and wonderful and absolutely idiotic. But I'll do it away.
I throw Ike off of me and send him rolling, once, twice, as his weight starts to well in him and pour through the open air. It hurts me and it hurts the sharp to do so, but I have to try. There is urge and will and there must be an attempt. The warden finally opens an eye to see the anvil crawler come to bear down on her entire being.
The sharp finally gets to play as it wishes in the world, taking the entirety of everything and turning it to crackling slag. It cuts into me and tears at my skin, alighting my veins with their blizzard light before jumping from its minuscule vessel.
Micaiah is hit. She is hit with the lashing tongue and scraping fingers of the end of all things. She brings the metal to her form, trying to draw it from her body. But it is in there. It has started its riot in her body. The muscles clench and twist and spasm and I am on her as the bed comes cascading down into a mangled pile of useless rust.
I clasp onto her arm and wrench it as hard and as deep as I can, pouring more and more and more and more of the sharp into her. Her will fights it. Her will cannot squash it. It tries to move the vein and path to something non vital. But it is all vital. It is all important and soft and the sharp just wants to burn it all down. Her other hand clenches and moves as the sharp still pours from me.
There are stars. I see stars. And I hear a dull ringing in my ears that does not seem to fade away. A piece of steel beam hangs over me, pushing me down. There is a spot of blood on it, and from the way my head feels, I believe it might be mine. I don't like that. My blood should be inside of me. That is where it belongs. That is its home.
An Ike comes to me, looking down as his ghostly double slots in beside him. Both their mouths move and I think they say something. I don't hear it. But another piece of metal comes and takes him down too. The metal crushes me and hoists the both of us to vertical hover before our terrible warden. The sharp jumps and snaps at her. It wants to play some more. But it can't. It has a pool of blood to deal with pouring from my temple. It can't play without its toys and now it all might be broken. Micaiah is saying some words, shouting them more likely, as she clutches at her arm. I don't hear any of it.
There is just the rebar from the flushed Micaiah taking me back and pining my arms to my side. There is still just rage, pure unyielding rage at trying to keep everything still and silent. It rampages and roars and does all the things it can to bring the sky falling. It does nothing, nothing at all, other than bring the steel cage so close, so tight, that I cannot breathe.