Yvette was finally used to the exercise of using the treadmill, she could go ten miles now without exhausting herself. She pressed a few buttons and stepped off the treadmill, the gym always got her hot. All the hard male bodies around her, she looked around at the weights section and drooled over the men pumping irons.
She afforded herself a few seconds more before moving off, she needed to head to the steam room then the shower before heading home. It was times like these she wished she had a boyfriend, she sighed quietly to herself as she moved into the locker room and took off her sweaty clothes and wrapped herself in a towel before pushing open the steam door.
Justin leaned back against the wall of the steam room letting the heat of the room loosen his tight aching muscles, he had put himself through a harsh training regime the last few weeks. He pulled the towel over his hips more securely as the door to the shower room opened.
A woman entered like a Nubian goddess then she purred as the door shut, "Just what I need right now, a hot sweaty man," he could just make out her licking her lips as all his blood rushed south.
She couldn't believe what she had just said! She was mortified, it must have been the combination of the heat and her hormones. But now that she had gotten close enough her hormones went into over drive as she regarded his golden tanned skin and his short curly blond hair. His dazzling blue eyes, she had made the introduction.
She could either melt into a ball of embarrassed mortification or go with it. She decided to go with it and damn the consequences. "I'm Yvette, what's your name Mr. Hunk?" she asked grinning.
Justin sat there in stunned silence as this black goddess had gotten him rock hard in no time flat as she approached him and sat down next to him. If he wasn't already flushed from the heat, he would certainly have a dark blush now from her complements. He couldn't let this woman see she'd been able to shake him up so he replied, "Justin, so midnight goddess what do you hope to achieve with all of this?"
"A hot sexy man for my bed, but here will do," she said her eyes flaming with lust as she watched the sweat on his chest run down through the thatch of damp golden hairs and through his muscular abs.
Her gaze burned across his skin as she took in the sight of his muscular chest. She licked her lips it wouldn't matter if her advances were fended off she'd go pick up one from a bar, she was so horny now she swore she could smell her arousal in the hot air around them.
He grinned sexily, two could play at that game he was willing to see how far she'd push it in here. "So, what are you waiting for? Prove it to me," he dared her as he watched the stray drops of sweat bead down from the tips of her shining ebony hair and down the curve of her neck.
Her gaze burned him as she grinned at his comment, giving him a moment to think that she was going to back off. She lunged at him pushing him down on the padded seat and yanked his towel away licking the sweat from his pecs her tongue brushing through his chest hair.
He shuddered as her tongue swept up some of his sweat, he growled then and shoved her off him pushing her down beneath him yanking her towel away and shoving his tongue down her throat as he pressed his hard body up against hers.
She grinned into the kiss wrapping her legs around his ankles and rolling them off onto the padded bench below. He grunted as he thudded against the padding, she pressed her hands against his wrists pressing him down as she dragged her body across his her tongue and teeth scraping his neck
He hissed and bucked her off throwing her onto the heated tile of the steam floor. He growled as he restrained her wrists, kissing her hard and growled, "You've more then proved it," as he rubbed his thick cock against her thigh.
Heat flushed her body, not from the steam but from the oppressive lust and desire swirling around them. She'd make sure not to lose track of this one, she was certainly going to take him home and fuck his brains out. She grasped his cock and stroked him and moaned, "Hurry up and fuck me big boy."
He grinned ferally and pressed her wrists down against the floor before pushing his cock inside of her. Moaning as he slid into her hot tight sheath, she groaned a shiver rippling down her body as she tensed against his restraint, she thought of all the devilish things she could do to his body to repay him for this experience.
"Fuck me harder Justin, I would to feel your cock pounding into me," she growled as she fought against his restraints trying to break his hold as he thrust into her.
He grunted as her hands squeezed his as he slammed into her, her legs wrapped around his. Her feet digging into his calves urging him on as he panted heavily. Large drops of sweat dripping from his face and chest, landing on her as she thrust up against him.
She dug her nails into his hands trying to get him to let go she desperately wanted to sink her nails into his back, but she had to make do with her heels digging into his rock solid calves as he pounded her.
He strained against her thrusting into her tight squeezing sheath, sucking at him every time he sank in or pulled out.
"Faster damn you!" she hissed digging her nails into his hands making him grunt. The pain in his hands kept him grounded if it wasn't for that he would have burst already.
He was struggling to contain his seed as it boiled in his groin, he let out another harsh grunt as he slid into her. Let her writhe under him he thought as she struggled against his hold again. The pleasure and pain was making so hard to contain himself as he ruthlessly drove himself inside of her.
The pressure of her building release squeezed her as she gasped holding in her scream, she bucked up against him and cried out as her orgasm rushed over her. He gasped biting back a shout as she tightened over him, he let out a harsh shout as his orgasm burst through him.
He panted as he pulsed into her. Before the fog had totally cleared the door swung open and a woman wrapped in a towel walked in. Then shrieked running out of the room as she saw them tangled together on the floor.
"Oh crap," Yvette cried as she heaved at the man above her. He chuckled and got off her stepping up on the bench and scooping up their towels handing her hers, wrapping his towel around his waist as they quickly left the room.
"Don't go anywhere, I'm not finished with you Justin. Meet me here after you're done with your shower," she said grinning hurrying off to the shower room.