Part 1
I met my girlfriend Marlyn in college. I admit, I've always been attracted to Asian women but there was something special about Marlyn. I'd dated two girls from Vietnam, one from Korea, one from Japan but she was the first Filipina. She had a huge smile that just drew you to her. I'll admit she had a very pretty face, golden brown soft skin, a cute little body and legs that were amazing (I'm a bit of a leg man). She was very petite and slim - 5'1" (although she'd always correct me and say 5'1 and HALF). I was lucky enough to meet her at a mutual friend's dorm room the week I graduated.
I can't explain what it was about her but we were immediately completely comfortable with each other. On our first date she quickly sat me down and plopped herself in my lap, held my hand and proceeded to chat away for over an hour. She had come from a small village near Pangpang (called maramba) to the US when she was 10. I'm extremely shy and feel a bit uncomfortable getting so personal with another person but for some reason she was different.
Marlyn told me about her previous boyfriend. She had one previous boyfriend so while she certainly wasn't a virgin, she hadn't had a lot of experience either as they only went out briefly and for some reason the idiot broke up with her because she was too emotional. Her strict father had prevented her from dating in high school as he wanted her to concentrate on school until she could find a nice Filipino boy. She had met her only boyfriend her sophomore year in college in a study group.
Marlyn seemed to worry too much about what her father thought. She loved him but for some reason she seemed unsure of his approval of her. She always seemed frustrated around him and trying to make him happy. Perhaps it had something to do with her outrageously Catholic upbringing -- I swear they went to church like 3 times a week. I don't see how she could think he wouldn't think the world of her as she was a truly special girl in many ways. I had never met anyone who was so open and affectionate.
We had sex on our fourth date and she was amazing! I hadn't slept with a lot of women but I never had any girl give herself to me so completely. She wanted to be as close to every bit of my body possible. She LOVED having her nipples kissed, licked, sucked on... She grabbed my head and forced me to her small breasts as hard as she could to encourage me to suck harder. The harder I sucked the wetter she got. She is the first girl I ever met that could come to orgasm just from having her breasts sucked on. I pushed her down hard on the bed and fucker her slowly but loved her soft moans. A few minutes after I came inside her beautiful pussy, she got up to get me a glass of water (and probably clean up as left quite a mess). She then proceeded to crawl over every bit of my body and proceeded to kiss my cock.
She made a sound like she was worried she had damaged my cock as we had fucked so hard so she kept kissing it as if to make it feel better. I told her she should suck on it if she wanted to make it feel better. She proceeded to suck on it sideways! I asked her to suck on the top of it so she looked at it as if studying it for a bit and then proceeded to suck on the top. I could feel her tongue swirling around the top cleaning off any residue from our fuck session. She finally looked up at me as if to make sure she was helping me. I loved looking into her deep brown eyes.
I went from stroking her hair to slowly guiding her head down, closer to the base of my cock. She just left as much of my cock in her mouth as she could without moving so I guided her back and forth. She took it out of her mouth for a moment and asked if that made it feel any better. I asked her to look at it and she said, "It's gotten big again!" "That's because you make me feel much better when you do that. Just be careful not to touch it with your teeth." Fortunately Marlyn had extremely full lips so she mastered that her first night with me.
Her cheeks swelled as a happy smile spread across her face. She immediately put it back in her mouth and proceeded to go down on it further and further. Half the time looking up into my eyes and the other half looking at my cock like it was a separate entity. She took it out and looked right at it and asked my cock (not me) "are you feeling any better?"
I looked down and told her if she kept sucking it for another minute she would know for sure. She went back to giving me a blowjob like she was on a mission! I warned her I was about to cum (as I actually cared for her already and didn't want to scare her). I could feel her body jump as I came in her mouth, I could tell she was startled. She snapped back and asked what she should do and I said just swallow it. She asked are you sure it is OK to do so and I said that the girls who cared about me seemed to like it so she immediately swallowed and went back kept sucking until it was completely clean. She looked up at me with a huge smile on her face and said "did you enjoy that?" "HELL, YES!" I said. Marlyn bounced about like a kid on Christmas morning. She was so happy she had made me cum that way.
I had never met anyone like her before in my life. She wasn't in the least bit shy about anything. She'd walk around the apartment naked as long as the shades were drawn. She could tell how much I liked her naked body so I think she did it partly to make me happy. She was so comfortable about being naked that just made her that much sexier as it wasn't a game.
Over the next week every time we finished having sex, she immediately gave me a blowjob. She learned to open her throat somehow so she could get my entire cock in her mouth. Every time she gave me a blowjob I would tell her how beautiful, sexy and naughty she was which only made her try harder to please me. Strangely she'd give me a big smile when I called her a good girl when she sucked my cock but I noticed she would almost immediately get wetter when I called her a naughty girl.
One night we were just watching TV and she rested her head on my chest and her hand was on my crotch. I'll admit just her gentle touch got me a little excited. She then looked at the TV and then at me then back at the TV and asked me if I thought the girl on TV was pretty while grabbing my cock through my pants like it was some sort of lie detector. "Sure, I suppose" I said without thinking that she was wondering if I'd rather be with the girl on TV. She let out a sound to let me know she was upset. I then tried to correct myself and say I'd rather be with you Marlyn but her mind was already racing as she is very quick with the emotions.
She said "then why is your friend getting excited" as she rubbed my crotch. This only made it harder and she again let out her frustration sound. She then ignored me as if I was lying and pulled down my exercise shorts and pulled out my cock and proceeded to study it and asked it why I liked that girl on the show so much. She soon kissed it and said she could make it happier than that slut on TV.
She then proceeded to give me one hell of a blowjob and kept asking if I was enjoying myself. I kept saying YES and she'd continue to suck me for a bit. She then asked if I thought she gave good blowjobs and I had to admit she had become phenomenal at giving head. She asked me what do I really want and I said I want to fuck your mouth some more and cum in your pretty little mouth right now. She asked if I was going to keep wanting other women and I told her as long as she kept giving me blowjobs like this I would never want any woman more. She asked again if I liked her blowjobs and I told her how proud I was that she was so good at giving head and I said she could star in porn videos with her amazing talent. That seemed to make her really happy as she said "REALLY?" She then sucked me as dry as I've ever been.
She then looked at my cock, gently tucked it back in my shorts and said to it that ought to hold you and quickly nodded her head and gave a happy "hmmp" sound.
She then seemed to want to give me even more blowjobs after that incident. I'd wake up and look down to see she'd be holding my cock and look up at me with her beautiful big brown eyes and great big smile and say "oh boy" like she had been waiting all morning just to give me head. It took me forever to cum first thing in the morning after I woke up but she had gotten so good at it, I could still cum in a matter of 5 minutes. She then would send me off to work and said she should come my office and give me a blowjob in front of my female employees so they knew I was off limits. I'm pretty sure she was kidding but she was a very different kind of girl so I just laughed and kissed her forehead as I headed off for work.
As she gave me a blowjob last night, I asked her if she liked being such a filthy cum sucking whore. She responded by sucking even harder. I sternly said "tell me." She took my cock out of her mouth long enough to meekly say "yes." I slapped her buns loudly and she loudly said "I love being your cum sucking whore! Won't you please cum in my mouth?"
"Very good" I said, "you are coming along nicely nicely as my little whore!" I slid my thumb into her pussy and it was swimming in her juices. I could hear it slipping in and out as she sucked furiously. I moved her body for a better position and finger fucked her to a nice orgasm quicker than ever before. I think she really liked being called a whore or actually talking dirty to me.
I told her how proud I was to have such a good girl for my girlfriend. Truth was, I was proud of her for many reasons, not just her skills in bed. She said she'd have to go to church and pay for forgiveness because she had been so naughty. I told her she shouldn't have to be forgiven for making someone so happy and that she should be proud of herself. She thought about it and decided I was right even though she said she still felt very very guilty.
Something changed in Marlyn though. She seemed to take so much pleasure in giving me head as if it were an addiction. It probably didn't help that I was usually was playing with her nipples or licking her pussy as she gave me a blowjob which reinforced her desire to give me blowjobs. She was impossible to resist and drove me crazy as I always wanted sex with her. She could just bend over to pick my clothes off the floor and I'd HAVE to have her.
Now almost EVERY time we were on the couch watching TV she almost immediately gave me a wonderful blowjob. I couldn't tell if it was because she just loved giving blowjobs, if she associated it with cumming herself, if it was some sort of need for control or she thought it would make the women on TV seem less appealing to me. I wasn't going to worry about it too much as I felt like the luckiest guy on earth.
End Part 1
Marlyn Loves Giving Head Part 2.txt
(MF, cons, exhib, oral, span, interr, Filipina, Asian)
Part 2
Just a quick recap if you haven't ready my first story. I met my girlfriend Marlyn in college. I admit, I've always been attracted to Asian women but there was something special about Marlyn who was a beautiful Filipina girl. Marlyn is a very petite 5.1 Pinay with a huge smile that just drew you to her. She has a wonderful pretty face, golden brown soft skin, a cute little body and amazing legs. She was originally born in a small village near Pangpang (called Maramba) and came to the US when she was 10.
She had only 1 previous boyfriend and their relationship didn't last long as he thought she was too emotional and hasty in her reactions. She seemed flustered around her parents, even though she loved them very much, she never felt like she was getting their approval, particularly from her father.
Marlyn and I had been dating about a month and she had already said she loved me. I'll admit I hadn't been in that many long term relationships and wasn't quite comfortable saying that back to her although I cared a great deal for her. Unfortunately for her, she was worried I was looking for something better which I wasn't doing, I just wasn't comfortable saying those words if I wasn't sure I felt that strongly yet. I think that may have made her act jealous at times but I couldn't tell if she was kidding me or stroking my ego by acting jealous.
We were coming back from a quick visit from the grocery store and stopped in the lobby of my apartment complex to get my mail. A few people we past quickly said hello, although we didn't really know each other. As we went to the elevator, the door opened and Mary said gave me a big hello, grabbed my arm to stop me and said, "Thanks for you help last night, I don't know what I'd do without you."
"Anytime," I replied as I was looking through my envelopes at a enveloped marked due from the state tax office so I was a bit distracted as we got on the elevator.
Marlyn stopped the elevator and demanded to know who that was and why I didn't introduce her as my girlfriend.
I looked up from the letter I'd opened and said "what are you talking about?"
Marlyn made her frustration sound (which I have no idea how to spell but kind of like an oooh?) and said "Who was that girl you were just talking to and what were you doing with her last night? Is THAT why you told me to come over later than usual after work last night?"
I chuckled because I thought it was cute but then released the elevator and said, "That's just Mary, my new neighbor."
"Your awfully FRIENDLY and pretty new neighbor."
We got off the elevator and walked down the long hall to my apartment. "Oh don't be silly, she's probably thirty years old so she wouldn't be interested in a younger guy. Besides, she just needed help setting up her TV and receiver" I said as I unlocked my door and scooted Marlyn in as I didn't want to continue one of these conversations in the hall. "She'd do it herself but her boyfriend hooked it up at her last apartment and they just broke up when she moved out here so she doesn't know anyone around here yet."
Marlyn gave a frustrated stomp of her feet as she started fidgeting and getting more anxious as I didn't seem to be calming her down. I put the groceries in the kitchen and my lack of focus on the conversation seemed to infuriate her. "SO," she said, "she just broke up with her long term boyfriend, she doesn't know anyone around here and she's at her sexual peak and she just happened to ask you for help her electronics!"
"Look," I said as this conversation was starting to annoy me as I felt like she was calling me a cheating bastard between the lines, "I just set up her TVs and stereo -- NOTHING MORE!"
Marlyn can be like a bull dog unwilling to let go of something. Instead of focusing on I only helped her with the electronics, Marlyn said "You said one TV and now you are saying TVs."
"So?" I said getting a little angry as I felt like I was getting the fifth degree and my integrity was being challenged.
"Was one of those TVs in her bedroom?" she asked.
"Yes, what is your point?" I said, raising my voice a bit. Then I heard my neighbor close their door loudly -- perhaps to let us know that others could hear them.
"Your SLUTTY neighbor is trying to hint you should take her to bed" Marlyn said, as her eyes started to tear up. I think she said SLUTTY a little louder for as a jab at my neighbor after hearing to door shut.
I picked up Marlyn who is very petite and carried her to my bedroom. She gave me a slight push but not really trying so she could let me know she was upset with me. I kissed her forehead and started gently taking her clothes off. "What are you doing", she asked without putting much effort into preventing me from stripping her.
"You want to know how attracted to you I am, don't you?" I said with a smirk on my face. I didn't give her time to reply as I kissed her hard and passionately. I stripped off my clothes and kissed every inch of her beautiful legs. She was now spreading them to give me access to her sweet little pussy as she urged my head forward to her sweet little pussy.
"Mmmm" she started to moan as she started to arch and bite her lip. She pulled my head up and asked me to close the windows.
"It's a pretty hot summer day, and my air conditioner is useless." I really didn't want to close them as it was a muggy summer day and I run very warm.
"I know" but I want to be able to make noise" she said.
"OK", I said. I carefully phrased my next sentence to lead her on "we certainly don't want my neighbor, to know how much you are satisfying me," as I couldn't help but smirk.
Marlyn took the bait immediately. She said "it's OK, I guess, you shouldn't get up." I goaded her further, "no, no, I'll take care of it, only a very naughty girl wouldn't care if the neighbor heard them making love."
Marlyn grabbed my head and forced it down to her hot pussy as I pretended to be getting up to go for the window. "Please lick my pussy" she begged loudly. I began my efforts to bring her to orgasm. She began moaning loudly so I stopped for a moment and said "my neighbor might think you are a naughty girl moaning like that."
To make sure there was no doubt, Marlyn then said, "I'm a such a naughty girl; put your tongue deep inside of me!" She started breathing faster and moaning pretty loud until she shouted "That's it honey, you are making me cum so hard!" She then contorted a bit and moaned so loudly that even with the windows closed; our neighbor could no doubt hear us through the thin walls separating our apartments. I couldn't believe how fast she came or how quickly she was dripping even before she orgasmed.
"Please fuck me!" Marlyn pleaded. "You know I'd do anything for you," she said. I slowly moved up her petite body and enjoyed licking and sucking on her petite breasts. Marlyn's tits weren't very big but I liked them more than any other girls as they were EXTREMELY sensitive. She cradled my head pushing it closer to her little bosom to encourage me to suck with all my might. "Unnnh, yes, FUCK me" she encouraged as I slid my cock back and forth over her dripping cunt. She knew I liked it when she talked dirty.
"Oh YES, Honey, that's IT!" she shouted as I finally stuck my throbbing cock all the way into her pussy. Her ego stroking was making me so horny, I couldn't hold back at all. I started thrusting immediately and she sensed my enthusiasm and urgency. "Fuck your naughty little Filipina! Yes! That's it, your little slut need you to cum deep inside me NOW! Fuck me, Fuck me hard!" All that talk was driving me crazy. The way she said it probably would have made me cum even if I wasn't fucking her beautiful little pussy.
I picked up the pace for about a minute as I slammed into her each time with all my might. I wanted her to really feel well fucked.
"Oh Honey! OH Honey, your little Filipina is cumming!" Soon I could feel even my balls getting very wet as she had drenched the sheet underneath her! That was it, I had been doing my best not to cum too soon but I lost it. I pushed in with all my strength as I felt my cock spasming deep inside her.
I must have lain exhausted on her chest for at least 30 minutes dripping sweat on her gorgeous little brown body. I asked her "did you like talking dirty to me?" Marlyn hesitated and I asked her again.
"yes, I did", she said meekly.
I then asked "what if my neighbor heard you, did you want them to hear you getting fucked?"
She smiled mischievously avoiding the question and said "you don't think they hear do you?"
I taunted her by saying "maybe we should close all the windows in the future."
She then quickly said, "Please don't, I want your neighbor to hear you fucking me!"
I finally rolled off of her and looked up at the ceiling. While I was exhausted, she seemed invigorated. She immediately sat up and examined me from head to toe. She then gently held my drained cock and let out a little sympathetic "oooh" for it. And then, she kissed it as if she had demanded too much from it.
She then said "your poor little friend is all messy and doesn't seem to have any energy left." She made the same sound she makes when I make a mess of the apartment of leave things she's just straightened up out of order. She has to fix things when they get that way. She looked up at me and then pronounced "he needs me to lick him." I tried to tell her she didn't need to as I was too tired.
She ignored me and began licking him clean. I was still tuckered out but that didn't seem to deter her. She then began to suck all of it into her mouth. I admit it felt really good although I wasn't sure I could have sex for at least 30 minutes. She then did something she had never done before and began to slide the tip of her tongue into the hole at the tip of my cock to get every bit of cum clean from my cock. It was getting the blood flowing again but I was still pretty soft.
Marlyn then said, "don't worry honey, I'll make him good as new!" with a big smile on her face. She proceeded to bob her beautiful little head up and down as she sucked me clean. I could feel myself getting a bit harder as her naked little body looked so hot and she made my cock feel so good.
"You are such a good little cock sucker" I said. She looked up and smiled broadly.
She said, "I'm sorry -- did you say something?" She grinned to let me know she wanted me to say it louder just the way I like her to be loud when she's naughty.
I said again loudly, "You are such a good little cock sucker!" I then said whispered "you're my little blowjob queen." She liked that phrase a lot and repeated it -- "I'm YOUR little blowjob queen" probably making sure my neighbor heard.
She slurped loudly for about five minutes and couldn't hold out anymore I announced, "Oh sweetie, I'm about to cum down your throat!" And with that I felt what little cum I had produced in the last 45 minutes shoot into her mouth. She sucked my cock dry and then gently placed him down and curled up next to me.
I must have immediately fallen asleep as I woke up around 6 and gently woke her up as well. I said, "I'm hungry, let's get dressed and go out for dinner." Things seemed great between us at that moment as she gazed at me lovingly.
We were in the hallway as Marlyn looked towards my neighbor's door and nodded her head and said Hmmp as if to say let that be a lesson to you. I chuckled a bit when a strong gust of wind slammed my door as I was reaching for my keys. I then realized I forgot my wallet and went back inside. She stood patiently in the hallway as I grabbed my wallet from the nightstand and came back out. My neighbor's door then opened -- probably to find out about the really loud slamming of the door.
He stepped out enough to look Marlyn up and down and then looked at me and gave me a big smile as if to say to give me a visual high five and then stepped back into his apartment. Marlyn looked at me and said, "See, her father could have hooked up that stereo and TV."
"Whose father?"
Marlyn then said "Mary's of course! That older guy who stepped out was probably her father."
I looked at her for a moment and then had to tell her the truth. "That is my neighbor Gerald. Mary lives down the hall where it makes a right hand turn."
Marlyn just stood there with a blank look in her face for what seemed like an eternity. Then she said, "so HE heard us and not Mary!?!"
I looked at her and said, "I wouldn't be surprised if half the apartment complex heard you, my little blowjob queen. I'm stoked that you are so happy to be MY naughty little girl like that! I'm VERY proud of you!" I then kissed her gently on the forehead.
Marlyn seemed to think about the situation but then said "Honey, are you really? You are proud of me?"
"Of course" I said. "You take care of me, you are gorgeous, sweet, loving and AMAZING in bed and now all my neighbors know that to! I wouldn't be surprised if half of them jerked off while listening to you!" I said as I patted her behind. She paused to take in what I said then blushed and skipped a little on the way to the elevator.
End of Part 2.
Marlyn loves giving head 3.txt Part 3
(MF, cons, exhib, oral, span, interr, asian)
Part 3
Just a quick recap if you haven't ready my first story. I met my girlfriend Marlyn in college. Marlyn is a very petite 5.1" Pinay with a huge smile that just drew you to her. She has a wonderful pretty face, golden brown soft skin, a cute little body and amazing legs. She was originally born in a small village near Pangpang (called Maramba) and came to the US when she was 10.
She had only 1 previous boyfriend and their relationship didn't last long as he thought she was too emotional and hasty in her reactions. She seemed flustered around her parents, even though she loved them very much, she never felt like she was getting their approval, particularly from her Filipino father.
Things were going great between my petite Filipina girlfriend and me. We had been going out a few months and I was already falling in love with her although she had already confessed to loving me at the end of our first month together as she was far more open with her feelings than I.
Things were looking up for me financially as well as I just got an offer for a job about an hour south of where I was living and working now. This was probably a good thing as things were getting a little awkward where I lived now. Marlyn had insisted on leaving the windows open when we made love to try and make sure one of my neighbors was clear that I was well taken care of and she should back off. Unfortunately, many of my male neighbors had heard her activities over the past couple of weeks and were getting a little to open about their appreciation for her. I think Marlyn was enjoying being a bit of a celebrity and liked being a naughty girl for a change as she had been raised in a very very strict Catholic upbringing.
The day before I was to move out Marlyn (still only my girlfriend at this point) and I stopped in the leasing office to get the checkout paperwork. Marlyn was wearing one of my favorite outfits -- a very thin white summer dress with the light blue pattern. Most of Marlyn's clothes were pretty simple and very feminine. I don't think I ever saw her wear pants our entire time together. It was the end of the summer so it was hot and muggy. Marlyn wasn't wearing a bra as she had relatively small breasts and she wasn't wearing this thing she normally wears under the bottom half as the material was so thin you could kind of see through it in a strong light.
As we left the leasing office Marlyn passed by the main lobby door where the sunlight streamed through the window and through her dress. You could easily make out her tiny panties under the dress. A few guys, coming in from the basketball court, whistled at her and high fived me as they passed. I was sure by the grins on their faces they not only saw her panties but knew she was the very vocal neighbor making love with me nearly every night.
"What was that all about?" Marlyn asked probably knowing at least part of the answer.
"They were whistling at you because you are so hot and probably high fiving me because they know what an amazing sex maniac you can be in the sack from all of your naughty sex talk," I said.
"Honey," she said, "You don't really think all of them have heard us having sex do you?"
I kissed her little forehead and said, " I bet each and every one of them has jerked off while listening to you attacking me in bed."
Marlyn tried to hide her huge smile as she turned away but I could still see the blush on her great big cheeks.
We went upstairs to begin boxing up my stuff for the move in two days. I got into an old T-shirt and shorts. Marlyn had already brought any things she had left over home other than her toothbrush as she knew about the move last week. She stripped off everything and put on one of my old T-shirts which she was swimming in as she is so wonderfully petite.
After about an hour of her trying to organize things for my boxes, she got frustrated about the big ol' T-shirt and just took it off and folded it neatly saying -- much better. I loved the fact she was so comfortable running around my apartment naked. I had already closed the blinds as I was trying to keep the sun from beating into my apartment anyways. The AC in that apartment was useless. I had a lot to do but enjoyed the distraction of her little brown neked body hopping from box to box making sure everything was carefully packed and organized.
It was getting close to 6PM and she had to be home by 7PM to prepare for Church. I admit I was feeling filthy and sweaty so I crawled into the shower. I turned on the water, holding my finger under the fountain till it was warm enough before lifting the lever for the shower. I turned around to grab a cloth from the sink and standing naked before me was Marlyn. "Hun" she said, "you weren't thinking about taking a shower without me were you?"
I chuckled as we got in the shower together. I began to shampoo her thick head of dark hair as she took the soap from my hands and immediately gave me a wonderful scrub down with the soapy cloth. I felt wonderful as she caringly cleaned ever bit of my body. She squatted down and began to soap of my cock, running her hands up and down the shaft and over my balls. It was getting rock hard as she continued to clean it. She inspected every inch of it carefully as she lovingly rubbed the soap off. "Oooooh," she said feeling frustrated he wasn't relaxed too. She then kissed it and looked at as if to see if that would calm it down. She then grinned up at me and began to suck on it.
I reached down for her arms and lifted her up. "I would love too of course but we have to meet your family for evening services at the church and we are running late," I said.
"Honey! I don't care if we are late, we can't leave him worked up like that; that can't be good for him" she said. "I thought you liked me to be your little blowjob queen?"
I knew Marlyn wouldn't let it go and I really needed some relief so I didn't say a word. I just turned her towards the wall and bent her over. I slid my slippery cock into her HOT wet pussy and fucked her hard. She had a hard time holding onto the hot and cold water knobs as I slammed into her but I didn't care. I needed to cum and she was going to be my little sex puppet. She moaned as she loved it when I was forceful. Her whole little body was lunging forward as I did my best to steady her by holding onto her hips.
"Honey, I'm about to cum!" she yelled and that was just the last bit of encouragement I needed. I came hard deep inside her pussy.
I then turned her around, kissed her and then turned off the water.
"Hun," she said. "I need to clean up some more. You didn't give me a chance to clean up my little you know what."
I said "Nope, we're late. I'll help dry you off but we have to go now!"
"But HUNnn," she said protesting but smiling. "I can't go to church like that!"
I finished drying her little body off and dragged her into the bedroom so I could throw her dress on. "You'll be the best little naughty girl in church" I said. When the priest is droning on during the sermon, you can think about what a filthy naughty girl you are and that you pussy if filled with my semen.
Her mouth just dropped as I finished putting on my belt and grabbed her by the hand and scooted her to the door. She just stood their staring at me like she was stunned beyond words at what I had said. I kissed her little head as I locked the door.
We got stuck in traffic on the way to her house so we missed her parents probably only by seconds. She ran upstairs with me and stripped off her dress so she could and put on a bra and that thing she puts on under the bottom half of her dress while I did everything I could not to attack her again. My cock was already daydreaming about fucking her again -- she had that effect on me.
We had only 25 minutes to drive to church. When she got in the car she looked at the tent in my pants and mad her little frustration sound "Oohh, he needs me and we can't have him in church like that!" She immediately undid her seat belt and took my cock out and inspected him. "I love to suck your big cock, my Honey" she said sweetly.
She then sucked him as I drove. She is so good at giving head I wasn't going to last long. I was about to warn her I was going to cum. "Marlyn" I panted out.
Marlyn looked up and said "yes Honey?" but it was too late. I had already started shooting my load. It hit her neck and chin and even her cheeks. She reached into the glove compartment for a Kleenex and wiped off my cum. She wasn't upset, rather she seemed very pleased with herself as she sucked the cum off the tip of my cock then gently tucked him back into my underwear and zipped me up.
I quickly did my belt after parking the car. We ran through the parking lot and up the stairs just before the service bells rang. We managed to spot the rest of her family and I sat next to them and Marlyn on the end of the pew. I looked over to only to notice in the light from the pillar near us that she still had a little cum in her hair and neck as well as a little stain on the collar of her dress. I whispered in her ear "my little cumslut, still has some on her."
Marlyn looked back in me with horror in her eyes and reached into her purse for her mirror and a Kleenex. She wiped it well but got very disapproving looks from her strict parents as you shouldn't touch up your makeup in church. If only they knew the truth I thought as I tried not to laugh.
The priest was going on and on during the sermon about the wicked and as I looked around I noticed Marlyn was smiling. I asked her what she smiling about and she said "my little you know is full of your cum and I can still taste it in my mouth" she said with a big ol' grin. "I'm a very naughty girl and I think you should punish me tomorrow." Marlyn was stunned the first time I spanked her but for some reason she really liked it now.
After mass, I dropped their lovely daughter off at home with her parents. They were very nice people although a tad strict. I actually really liked them but I think they have a conniption if they know what I've been doing with their sweet little Filipina daughter.
End of Part 3
Training my girlfriend Marlyn to be a cumslut 4.txt Part 4
(MF, cons, exhib, oral, interr, Asian, Marlyn)
Part 4
Just a quick recap if you haven't ready my first story. I met my girlfriend Marlyn in college. Marlyn is a very petite 5.1 pinay with a huge smile that just drew you to her. She has a wonderful pretty face, golden brown soft skin, a cute little body, ultrasensitive little tatas, amazing legs and the roundest little buns that would make Brazilian girls jealous. She was originally born in a small village near Pangpang (called maramba)and came to the US when she was 10.
She had only 1 previous boyfriend and their relationship didn't last long as he thought she was too emotional and hasty in her reactions. She seemed flustered around her parents, even though she loved them very much, she never felt like she was getting their approval, particularly from her Filipino father.
Things were going great between my petite Filipina girlfriend and me. We had been going out a few months and I was already falling in love with her although she had already confessed to loving me at the end of our first month together as she was far more open with her feelings than I. This tended to make her want to prove herself to me a bit and to sometimes make her jealous of other girls.
Things were looking up for me financially as well as I just got an offer for a job about an hour south of where I was living and working now. This was probably a good thing as things were getting a little awkward where I lived now.
Marlyn had insisted on leaving the windows open when we made love to try and make sure one of my neighbors was clear that I was well taken care of and she should back off. Unfortunately, many of my male neighbors had heard her activities over the past couple of weeks and were getting a little to open about their appreciation for her. I think Marlyn was enjoying being a bit of a celebrity and liked being a naughty girl for a change as she had been raised in a very very strict Catholic upbringing.
I had just picked up Marlyn from her parents place. She was dressed in another summer dress similar to the one she war yesterday but with a vivid blue floral pattern. As soon as we got on the highway, she took off her bra as she said "her little breasts are fine without it." She then slid off the thing she put under the bottom half of her dress as she said it was too hot to be dressed like that - she just wore them because her parents raised her to be very very modest but she knew I liked it when she was a little easier to strip when we got back.
We stopped to get the last of my mail as I was moving tomorrow and already had forwarded my mail to my new apartment. A couple of guys gave Marlyn a serious once over and big smile at me as they left the apartment. I'm sure they must have noticed Marlyn's undergarments in her delicate little hands.
We went to the elevator and I said "I bet your fans will miss you."
"What do you mean," Marlyn said half serious but I think she knew what I meant.
"I bet just like the others they've jerked off during your vocal concerts when we make love." She really liked it when I said made love because I hadn't yet admitted I had fallen for her.
Marlyn again tried to hide her smile and blush as we got off the elevator. As soon as we got in the apartment Marlyn closed all the blinds and pulled off her dress and put her panties and purse gently on the table by the door. "Much better," she said with a huge grin. She had taken off her clothes yesterday so they wouldn't get dirty but today her nipples were at attention even though it was very hot.
I had to go over and kiss them. She pulled my head hard to her chest to encourage me to suck harder as she loves when I suck on her lovely little titties. I slid my hands over her wonderfully round firm little buns. I then slid my hand gently over the gap between her legs - she was already very very wet even though I had just begun to play with her.
I said "what has got you so horny today?"
"Nothing," she said shyly while looking downward at me as I continued to kiss her soft body.
"Tell me now or I stop" I said teasingly as I got closer to her hips.
"OK, I was thinking about what you said about the men as we were getting in the elevator. Do you really think they like to hear me when you make love to me? You don't really think they jerk off when we are having sex do you?"
Marlyn was getting wetter still and I hadn't even touched the inside of her pussy yet. "I think my naughty little girlfriend likes the fact so many guys knows how naughty she can be!" I then guided her to the floor as I slid my shorts down. Marlyn never resisted when we were going to have sex no matter where I needed it.
Marlyn loving looked down at me and gently guided me down towards her sopping wet pussy. "Please lick my pussy" she said pretty loudly - no doubt for the benefit of my neighbors. She then began to moan as I licked her lovely little pussy. In no time at all she was wiggling about as I licked her clit. She pushed my head forward which meant she wanted me to stick my tongue in as far as it goes. "OOHH HONEY, I'm CUMMING!" she announced loudly! My face was practically dripping now as she gets very wet when she cums.
I crawled up and sucked her super sensitive titties a bit more before I plunged my cock into her steaming hot slippery pussy. She immediately pulled down on my lower back as she spread her legs nice and wide. Marlyn was wonderfully flexible.
I looked down at her as she seemed to be off in another world. I said "Are you thinking about all those other guys jerking off right now?" Marlyn looked up wide eyed and moaned loudly.
"I'm cumming again!" she announced as she arched up to get my cock in nice and deep. Marlyn had cum more than once before but this was amazing. I continued to fuck her hard as she her tiny body kept moving across the carpet. Marlyn looked me in the eyes and said, "Please cum for me, my Honey." I didn't want to hold back any more and pulled my cock out of her and squirted all over her tiny tummy and petite breasts. A tiny drop even hit her chin.
Marlyn surveyed the cum all over her body and said "Boy! Someone really has a lot of cum for me today!" Marlyn wiped the cum off her chin with her finger it, examined it and then sucked it off her fingers. Marlyn didn't seem to be in any rush to clean it off the rest of her though as she lay there dabbing her hands in the puddles of it on her little body. Strangely, she began to scoop it with her hands and slide it over her nipples as if applying moisturizer. She seemed very content and proud of herself at making me come so hard.
I smiled at her and said "You are such a naughty little cumslut."
"You called me that the other night at church," she said. "What do you mean by that?" She pretended to be offended by the term but really wanted to know what it meant before deciding.
"I mean, you really like to make me happy," I said thinking about how to phrase it. "You liked having me leave a load of cum in your pussy when went to church, didn't you" Marlyn looked a little guilty as she tried to hide her smile that makes her cheeks swell. "You liked the fact that I came on your face in the car. I could tell and you even sucked the last of it off my cock before you cleaned up and we went inside the church so you had it in your pussy, on your collar and in your mouth." Marlyn didn't want me to see her guilty smile as I continued but her blushing said almost as much as her smile.
"And now," I said, "you are rubbing my cum all over your titties!" Marlyn's hands froze as if it suddenly would hide the fact she was lying on my carpet, naked, with my cum all over her chest.
"Why do you try to hide it? Don't you like being MY little cumslut?" I emphasized the 'my' as Marlyn liked belonging to me.
Marlyn thought about it and said "Yes, I am YOUR little Filipina cum slut!" Marlyn was proud of being from the Philippines. She'd always point out if an actress was even remotely tied to the Philippines.
With that I lay down next to her as she put her head on my chest. She had a knack of making me so relaxed that I fell asleep quickly in the hot summer morning. Marlyn had also drifted off to sleep spackled in my cum. I woke up about 30 minutes and couldn't help but be proud of my work as I saw her torso covered with my dried cum.
We got up and took a cool shower as we still had much boxing to finish before the move. The day was long but we accomplished a lot after our lovely siesta. We took yet another shower and I insisted I'll wash my own little friend today as I was STARVING and didn't want to get distracted as she was impossible to resist. She kept on reaching for him but I promised I'd take her out for a nice dinner and we can make love after dinner if she could be good.
"OK," she said acting very dejected as if I was telling her she had to wait another day before opening her Christmas gifts. She really liked to please me, which I understand as I loved to please her too.
I wanted to do something special for all of her hard work helping me pack so I took her to a much fancier restaurant than I'd normally go to. Frankly I don't care for fancy places as the servings are very small and everything has some nasty sauce to hide the fact it wasn't that tasty to begin with but I wanted to do something for Marlyn.
I ordered a bottle of expensive wine which to me tasted the same as every other wine I've ever tasted as I don't like wine so I just ordered an overpriced beer. She drank nearly the entire bottle which is great as I really hoped she'd enjoy it. I probably only had about one shot of it that the waiter gave for me to taste it. I even gave her the glass he had poured for me afterward. I paid the bill thinking I was still not full even though I had two beers and an extremely expensive meal.
As I walked Marlyn to the car, she meandered even more than usual. She ran her hands over every plant in the parking lot on the way to the car. I could tell she was pretty drunk which is fine with me. She's so darn funny when she gets like this and who could blame her, the bottle of wine would have gone to waste as I wasn't drinking it and she knew I had ordered it to say thanks. So we headed back to my apartment to pick up her purse which she was always forgetting at my apartment.
We walked to the elevator and by now Marlyn was using her loud drunk voice. "I'm s-sorry, honey, I think I had too much wine -- are you mad at me?"
"Of course not sweetie," I said. "You are just having a little fun. You deserve it!"
"Ohh, thanks-s Honey!" she said as she kissed my hand which was locked in her own. She was quiet for a moment and then said again "I'm sssorry." We got off the elevator and one of my neighbors looked at us as Marlyn attempted to navigate the hallway. He hadn't gotten more than a few feet past us and asked "Do you think HE jerks off too when we have sex?"
I scooted her in the door and saw him looking back from the elevator door with a big toothy smile.
It had been a very long day. I grabbed her purse and asked "Do you want me to just take you home now?" "Everything is packed up, so there is nothing to do." Fortunately at least the apartment had cooled down a bit since this afternoon and a nice light breeze was making the blinds clatter.
"Nonsense" Marlyn said as she began to unbutton the front of her dress. "I need you to FUCK me, Honey" Marlyn didn't usually start sex by using such dirty words but I think the wine had a strong effect on her. "Now come right over here, I need your BIG OL' COCK right in my little CUNT right NOW!" It was hard not to laugh as she was slurring a bit and talking so loudly but it was still an ego boost. I think that was the first time she had ever referred to her sweet little pussy as her cunt.
Marlyn then fumbled about as she undressed me in front of the couch. Having a bit of trouble with the buttons but I was enjoying the sight of my petite Filipina girlfriend taking my clothes off. She then pushed me down on my leather couch and kissed my cock which was already at attention.
I said "are you sure you want this, Sweetie? Didn't you get enough of my cum this morning" Knowing the answer but I liked to tease her.
"OH Honey, did you forget I'm a CUM SLUT?" she said as she smiled wickedly. "I need more cum! I want cum in my pussy, I want cum in my mouth, I want cum on my face, I want to be covered in cum!" Thank goodness I was moving out tomorrow as I didn't want my neighbors getting offering their services.
Marlyn crawled up and straddled my cock. She looked down towards it as she guided it into her nice wet pussy. "Ungh" she said as she impaled herself on me. "OH Honey, I love your big cock! My pussy misses it when you aren't there!" She was soon gyrating and slamming up and down on me. "Please cum inside me! I want to go home with my pussy full of your cum! Now, Honey, I'm about to CUM! Oh, Honey -- I'm cumming!" She was so freaking hot I just let loose and came hard. I could feel my cock jerking a number of times as I tried to fill her with every drop of sperm I could.
Marlyn leaned forward and smiled at me and then put her head on my chest. She and I started to drift off with my cock still inside her pussy. I woke up around midnight and dragged her to the car as she still had a curfew and her parents could be a bit strict. She really wanted to stay the night but I wasn't about to have THAT discussion with her parents. I didn't want her to get in trouble because of me.
She seemed sobered up for the most part as I kissed her goodnight on her parent's steps, returning their sweet lovely daughter with a pussy full of my cum.
End of Part 4