It was a change in the background hum that woke Cliff Stone.
He woke with a start, jerked and fell out of bed. As he hit the cold, hard floor, he was momentarily confused. Where was his carpet? Why was his bed so narrow?
It took him a second to remember where he was: the Pisspot, Professor Wot's incredible craft that travelled in time and space. He was in the bare little cell where he slept. After their previous adventure on Starko, the planet of the Purveks, they had all decided to get some much-needed rest while the Pisspot travelled on to their next destination. But something had changed. The happy hum the Pisspot made while in flight had given way to some altogether stranger noises and then an eerie silence.
Cliff sat up and reached for his clothes, but he couldn't find them. Now he remembered that the Professor had taken them away to another room where (apparently) they would be cleaned and dried, leaving them ready to wear the following morning. This was rather necessary, as neither Cliff nor his colleague Lola McGovern had a change of clothes between them, having been dragged into their adventures somewhat unexpectedly. Unfortunately, that now meant he was naked.
Cliff picked up a small towel and wrapped it around his midriff. Then he headed off to find out what was happening.
In the control room was the Professor himself, dressed rather quaintly in a long, white night shirt. He was fussing over his instruments and looking perplexed, but looked up when Cliff entered. "Ah, Mr Rock."
"Stone," said Cliff, automatically. "What's going on?"
"I don't know. We've stopped. We may be stranded." The old man turned on a monitor screen, but it just showed stars. "We appear to be in space."
At that moment, the other two members of the crew entered, Lola McGovern and the Professor's grand-daughter, Suzanne. Cliff gave them both a double-take, as their nightwear was rather striking.
Suzanne was dressed in a tiny, sheer babydoll, which hung from thin, pink straps over her shoulders, and went down to just below her crotch. Underneath it, she had on a pair of frilly white panties, which clung tightly to her midriff, showing obvious camel-toe at the front. But that was it. The rest of her body was displayed rather than hidden by the thin material, showing off her tiny waist, and pert, triangular breasts. She seemed unfazed by the fact that her nipples were completely visible.
Lola was more modestly dressed, but in a way which still fascinated Cliff. She had borrowed one of Suzanne's nightdresses, which meant that she had picked one that showed as little skin as possible, but was still probably more revealing than she would have bought for herself. It was a long, flowing dress in soft cotton which on Suzanne probably draped on the floor, but for Lola hovered somewhere around her ankles. It was sleeveless, but a fairly plain, white design with a relatively small 'V' at the neck.
It was a simple but pretty garment. Lola's problem was that she was a different shape to Suzanne, and so it clung tightly to all her curves. It pressed and bunched at her hips, while the arm holes were stretched to their maximum extent. In particular, Lola's huge breasts seemed totally squeezed, practically begging to burst out of the front. Cliff stared at them, fascinated. Before today, he had only ever seen Lola wearing one of her sturdy bras. Now, where her tits strained at the thin material he could almost make out the edges of her large, dark areolae. Even more exciting were her nipples, which poked through forming obvious lumps. But beyond that, finally unfettered, her breasts were bouncing and jiggling as she moved, shifting back and forth in fascinating circular motions.
Cliff got an immediate boner, which he concealed as best he could behind the control column. Glancing down at his little towel, he noted that it was all too obvious.
"Hello," said Lola, ignoring his stare. "Are we home?"
The professor went over and stroked her arm solicitously. At least, Cliff assumed it was solicitous. The old git was constantly finding excuses to touch her. "I'm afraid not, my dear. I attempted to reprogram the coordinates, but as you know, I am unable to steer the ship."
"What happened?" asked Suzanne, herself examining the instruments. She bent down to look at one of them, and the babydoll's hem rose up to show off her shapely arse. Cliff remembered her adopting a similar position right in front of him when he was her teacher. Aged 18, she had been one of the more striking students at Fail Hill School where he worked. On that occasion, he had admired the little oval shape of her kitty appearing between her legs covered just by some thin, white panties. Well, these ones were even thinner, and he could clearly make out her pussy lips.
Typically, when she stood back up, she turned around, looked straight at him and smirked.
"I think we hit a cosmic string," said Suzanne.
"Aha, interesting." The professor pretended to check some readouts. "And what's that, hm?"
Suzanne frowned prettily. "Honestly Gramps, you need to keep up with science theory. It's a 1-dimensional topological defect in space-time that formed early in the history of the universe."
"Oh, that," he harrumphed. "Covered it in kindergarten."
"Care to explain for the rest of us?" asked Lola, exchanging a glance with Cliff.
The professor nodded. "A simple collision. Unfortunately, it's thrown us out of the higher dimensions we travel through, and may also have done some damage. I need to check the systems."
"Anything we can do?" asked Cliff.
"Yes, actually," said the Professor. "Suzanne and myself will analyse things here, but if you and Miss McGovern can indulge me, I do have a task for you... This way."
He led them back through the ship, down a long corridor and then into another huge room. Inside was a vast piece of machinery, so huge that Cliff could not quite make it out. It was all pipes and columns and vast turbines, all suspended over a large pool of oily water. The Professor pointed to a gantry up the top. "This is the hyperstabiliser," he explained. "It hasn't shut down properly since we dropped out of Voidspace. I need you to get up there and trip the master-switch."
"Great," said Lola, "can we have some clothes?"
"I'm afraid they won't be ready until the morning," said the old man, "but I have a greatest faith in you." He nodded and smiled, and then walked out. Seconds later, he popped his head around the door. "Try not to fall in the water," he said.
Cliff eyed it nervously. "Why?"
"It's quite dirty." The Professor grinned, then waved and left.
Cliff turned to look at Lola, marvelling again at how much of her body was visible in the tight nightdress. "Shall we?"
***
The Professor returned to the control room, to find Suzanne already lying on the floor under and access panel. Her top half disappeared in the hole, as she lay on her back with her bare legs slightly spread. It gave him a very direct view of the thin gusset of her panties. Her pussy mound was highly visible.
He looked away, quickly, and got on with his own work.
They got one with things in silence, until Suzanne said, "so, are we going to talk about it?"
"Talk about what, my dear?"
"Oooh, let's see. About when you jizzed on my tits, perhaps."
The old man winced, remembering their time in captivity with the Purveks. "No, I don't think so."
Suzanne stood up and dusted herself down, before walking around the control column to glare at him. "Really? You jacked off over your own grand-daughter, and you don't think that's worth discussing?"
"Well," he blustered, "I was forced to see your sex face, too. That's something I'll have to live with."
"I told you not to look!"
"You didn't exactly give me much warning!"
"Well I definitely didn't expect you to enjoy it so much!"
She stared him down, and the Professor glancing to the floor and moved away. He muttered to himself and fiddled with the ship's controls unconvincingly. Suzanne crossed her arms, waiting for what he would say. It took some time, but eventually he said, "look, for what happened in the heat of the moment... I am truly sorry. You are my grand-daughter. I love you, and I have no desire to hurt you." He glanced over, and saw that she was still waiting for more. "I suppose that in recent times, I have also begun to notice that... you have become a woman. And since we started this voyage I prepared myself for the possibility..." his voice trailed off.
Suzanne stared at him. "The possibility of what?"
"The possibility that in extreme circumstances, we might have to..." He coughed. "Anyway, we have your teachers here now, so we won't have to worry about that."
"God," said Suzanne, "we really are a fucked-up family, aren't we?"
"Believe me," said the old man, "such an eventuality would fill me with horror. Miss McGovern on the other hand..." he smiled.
"You like her? It's the tits, isn't it?"
"No. Well. In part. But she is a sharp, clever, attractive woman."
Suzanne smiled, finally. "Blimey Gramps, you kept that to yourself. You know that Cliff..."
"Well obviously," agreed the professor. "He's more appropriate in age, and... well, I won't get in his way."
Suzanne let the silence hang for a moment. "...But if he fucks up?"
He grinned. "Let's just say that I have moves."
***
Cliff and Lola had found some metal steps which led onto a series of bare, metal landings winding up the side of the enormous machine. Lola hiked up her skirts and led the way for part of it, leaving Cliff transfixed by the sight of her shapely arse, clearly delineated through the white cloth. He stared, hypnotised by the alternate motion of each buttock moving past the other one, right up until he realised she was glaring over her shoulder at him.
She allowed him to go in front after that, which given that he only had on a small towel wrapped around his waist, left him feeling curiously vulnerable. For all he knew, his testicles were hanging right out of the bottom. He glanced back at Lola, who gave him a knowing smile.
"Enjoying yourself back there?" he asked. It broke the ice, at least.
"I know you're constantly horny, but some of us have other things on our minds," she snapped.
"Well you're in a good mood."
"Should I be? I may have just made the dumbest mistake of my life, just because I wanted to get back to my little flat in Camden. And instead I'm stuck in this... ridiculous situation."
"I see," said Cliff. He stopped and rubbed his foot. The metal gantries were harsh on his bare toes. He felt his towel slipping, and discretely adjusted it. "It's Gaytus, isn't it? You miss her."
Lola looked into the distance. "I could have stayed. She offered me a life with her."
"Maybe we'll see her again."
She shook her head. "I doubt it. Come on."
They climbed up some more steps and arrived at a section where the walkway was simply missing.There was a ten-foot gap where it crossed between two pipes. Cliff walked to the edge and looked down to where some gantry sections stuck out of the water, some 30 feet below them. "That old bastard," he muttered. "He could have mentioned that the walkway was out."
"How do we get across?" asked Lola.
"We'll have to climb across the handrail," said Cliff, pointing.
Lola looked at it. It was not an appealing prospect. With the walkway gone, what was left was a single metal bar across the gap with another bar about 4 foot above it. The two bars were held together with the occasional vertical metal strut. Anyone attempting to cross would be hanging over a 30 foot drop into oily water. "Do we have to?"
"I don't see that we have much choice." Cliff adjusted his towel. "I'll go first."
He edged himself out onto the rail, hanging tightly onto the top bar and gingerly sliding his toes along the bottom one. Without shoes, this was a necessarily slow and painful activity, and as he reached the centre of the gap, he felt his legs starting to wobble. The water looked a long way below him. A fall from this height into water probably wouldn't be fatal, he reflected, but depending how deep it was, he might do himself some injury.
By the time he reached the other side, his arms and legs were aching and tired. It was a relief to step onto the next section of walkway. He turned to look back at Lola. "Your turn."
She gave him a doubtful look, and then stepped bravely out onto the bar. She shuffled gingerly along, and Cliff could not help watching her breasts as she progressed. They swung gently as she climbed, waves of movement visible across the flesh. From the side, her prominent nipples were particularly obvious. He felt his towel beginning to tent, and looked elsewhere.
Just over halfway across, she began to wobble. "I can't do this."
"Keep going. You're nearly there."
"I can't, I-" Then she slipped.
As Lola approached him, her right foot slid off the bar in front of her. She screamed and dropped, losing her grip on the upper bar. It happened almost too fast for Cliff to see, but somehow her right knee hooked over the lower bar, which her scrabbling hands managed to grab on the way down.
She was now suspended in space, hanging below the lower bar by her hands and her right knee. Her left leg dangled below her. What was most arresting about the sight, however, was that her nightie had billowed up to where it was tight across her breasts, leaving her lower half completely exposed. Cliff found himself staring directly at her plump, hairy pussy, which was now just a few feet away, and directly presented towards him.
"Oh my god," he said.
All those years he had spent speculating what his colleague's cunt might look like, and there it was. It was very pretty. With her legs hanging wide apart, he could clearly see her puffy labia lips, and even her clitoris. He drank in the sight.
"I can't get back up," said Lola. "Help me."
"All right, all right, I'm coming," said Cliff, and edged back out onto the bar. He felt his towel starting to slip.
"Quick!" shouted Lola, "I can't hold on!"
"Yes, nearly there." He passed her knee, and stopped near her head, ready to pull her up. As he began to squat cautiously downwards, the towel gave up and fluttered away. Cliff watched it drop all the way into the water. "Fuck."
"Cliff?"
He realised that he was squatting over Lola's face while completely naked. She looked a little shell-shocked. "All right," he said, "grab hold."
She eyed his cock nervously. "What?"
"Of my hand! Here!" While holding on with one hand, Cliff reached the other one down to her. Lola stared at it for a moment, building her courage, then swung up one hand and grasped onto him. Cliff heaved her up until she could reach the upper bar and was able to pull herself into a kind of sitting position. She refused to attempt to stand, but with his help somehow pulled herself towards the end.
Finally, they reached the walkway. Cliff helped Lola onto it, and then then both flopped back onto the harsh metal. It pressed into Cliff's naked buttocks. "Well," he said, "we've gotten to know each other a little better."
"Don't do that," she said.
He sat up. "What?"
"Don't... flirt. I've just come out of an intense relationship. What I need right now is a friend. Just a friend."
Cliff looked down at her. She looked so lovely, lying there in just a thin nightdress, her dark hair pooled around her head. "Sorry," he said. "I... if there's a chance-"
"There's no chance!" she snapped.
No one spoke for several moments. Cliff could feel his heart thumping in his chest, but took care not to show what he was feeling. Eventually, he said, "understood."
He stood up and held out his hand. She took it gratefully.
"Friends," he said.
"Yeah." Lola smiled hesitantly.
Cliff smiled back and they continued to where the trip switch sat at the top of the machine. It was a large lever, slightly rusted and heavy. With both of them pulling it, it moved fairly easily into the 'off' position.
The machine, which had been gently thrumming underneath them fell still. They waited a few moments, and then switched it on again.
"Well," said Cliff, "I suppose we head back."
Lola nodded.
They made it back over the gap without further incident and then followed the gantries back down to the floor. Cliff looked out at the pool of water, but didn't fancy wading through it to find his soggy towel. Clamping his hands over his junk, he followed Lola back through the corridors to the main control room.
The Professor and Suzanne looked up as they walked in. Suzanne clocked Cliff's state of undress and raised one eyebrow.
"Ah, there you are," said the Professor. "Well done."
"How are you doing?' asked Cliff.
"Yes, we've checked our systems, everything is working."
"Okay. So we're good?"
"Not quite. You two need to have sex. Right now."