My thanks to MormonJack for edits and crits.
Chapter 6
The young woman who answered the door was new to me. "Hi! Welcome! It's so good to finally meet you." She wore a robe and sandals. Her hair was cut in a bob, very light brown, almost blonde.
"You must be Girl," I replied, shaking her hand. "Let me introduce Avery."
The two young women embraced.
Avery oohed at the art photographs on the wall as Girl led us back.
"Cindy Sherman!" Avery exclaimed. "I love Cindy. Those are, like, real?"
"Mistress Greta insists on originals," Girl answered. She took Avery by the hand. "But first you need to meet your hostess. And see the greenhouse."
"Oh my God, so cool," Avery exclaimed when Girl slid the glass door open and we stepped inside. I saw that they'd done some rearranging. Greta's glass desk was in a corner and a space had been opened among the plants, with a soft carpet in the middle and comfortable looking couches and divans surrounding it. At one side was a long table holding dishes and bowls at which Boy was working. He came over when he saw us, in his usual whitey-tighties and nothing else. Avery looked him up and down.
"You must be Avery," he said. "I've been so wanting to meet you." They hugged like old friends. "Please call me Boy."
"She's really cute, isn't she?" added Girl, and to Avery: "I love your look."
Avery looked down at herself as if she'd forgotten what she'd put on, which was her usual when she visited me, this time multi-colored shorts and a bikini top— the top covering, I figured, because she didn't know what was going to happen at this party. At the same time she took in Girl, who nonchalantly took off her robe to reveal pink panties and a bra that at first looked pre-teen, but was larger to hold her adult breasts, a bit more than a handful. It had to be a bespoke parody of pre-teen. Avery spent a few seconds comparing looks, then replied, "This is what I wear for Smith."
Greta's invitation had arrived by dead-tree mail, a single card in an envelope that said only,We would love to have both of you join us to celebrate our new family member,with a date and time.
"Greta is a long-time professional colleague," I'd told Avery when it arrived. "She helped me find you. And get my start in the field. I helped her in return, as you'll see."
"To find her own soulmate?"
I hadn't thought of Avery in those terms. Not that I was against it, just that I thought in different particulars. But I was pleased and flattered that Avery felt that way. I hugged her. Which surprised her. For her it was just a statement of fact. It occurred to me then that perhaps she was smarter than me in ways other than technical.
"Can I take your pack?" Boy asked. When he hefted it he said, "Oh my, what have you got in this thing?"
"I, um, make toys. Smith said you might enjoy seeing some of them."
"Toys?" Girl asked. "We love toys. Would you show them to us later?"
"They're really not that . . ." She turned to me. I let her work through the awkwardness. "Of course. They're still a work in progress, most of them. And they're, um, sex toys."
"We'd love to see them," Boy replied. "Let me put the pack over here." He placed it at the end of a nearby couch. "I've been cooking. Can I get you something to drink?"
Greta chose that moment to enter the area. I only knew a small part of her house, what I'd been admitted to. She might have been in a connected room or up two floors or in the adjoining Victorian, which she'd turned into an addition. "Cuervo Gold," she said. She put her hand out to Avery. "I'm Greta. And you must be the fabled Avery. Welcome to our home. I'm so happy to meet you."
"Your place is awesome already and I've only seen, maybe, 8% of it."
Greta laughed. "You really have met your match, haven't you?" she said to me. Then to Avery, "Let me give you a tour of the place later. Not everything. Would 85% satisfy you?"
Avery laughed along with everybody. "I'm sorry, I'm just . . ." she made a circular motion at her temple, the crazy gesture.
"And that's why we all love you instantly," Greta replied.
She led us to the central area. Boy served Avery a flight of shots. I got what Greta got, another red. "Same estate, different vintner, but still Super Tuscan." Girl and Boy had cocktails. Boy put small bites out for us to munch on.
"Our project is going well," Greta began as she took a vegetable mini-tart. "How is Corp. C doing? I assume, by the way, that you've told Avery about it? Or should we move on?"
"There's no way I could hide something like that, or anything at all, from her."
"My friend," Avery added, "worked at C. She's really happy now, up in BC or somewhere. Running IT for a park."
"I'm glad to hear that," Greta replied.
"And you . . ." I waved toward Girl.
Greta pulled Girl to her and kissed her cheek. "We love Girl."
Boy moved to the other side of Girl. "She's the best." He kissed her other cheek.
There was a bit more business to discuss. A small percentage of Corp. C targets were reporting emotional problems, some because their new relationships, though intense, hadn't worked out. Some because the engine had not been able to find a quality match and they were left behind at a Corp. C even more depressing and dysfunctional than before, holding options now underwater.
"We should run another generative model," Greta said. "I hate to see those loose ends. Too sad. I can allocate a certain amount of cluster nodes that I think should be adequate. You agree?" I nodded. Then she stretched her limbs. "Avery, would you mind if we indulged in some fun? I know Smith won't mind. But this is your first visit."
I hadn't told Avery very much about Greta and her household. But I had warned her that they were unconventional, especially in sexual matters. And I didn't know what would happen with the addition of Girl. "Sure," was Avery's immediate reply, with a shrug of her shoulders.
"Boy," Greta said, "Position 3 on my left."
"Yes, Mistress." He unwound himself from Girl and went to Greta's left where he stood, almost at attention. Greta kept her eyes on Avery. "Girl, pull down Boy's underwear."
Girl knelt by Boy, put her fingers in his waistband, and pulled his underpants down. Out popped his cock, half hard. Greta took it in one hand and began to fellate him. Boy hissed and tensed, rising onto his toes briefly. Girl braced him at the waist to help him keep his balance.
Greta showed no mercy, sucking him hard and fast. Girl put her shoulder into Boy's gluteus to support his weight as his hips moved on their own with Greta's rhythmic sucking.
Greta abruptly stopped and stared straight at Avery and me, as if instantly forgetting what she'd just been doing and the body she'd been doing it to. Boy collapsed into Girl's arms, a Pieta almost religious in its emotional content. Except for Boy's raging hard-on.
Avery had been gripping my thigh, hard, during that little performance. She took a shot of the tequila, her first one.
Girl slid out from under Boy, lowering him gently down onto the carpet, and crawled to Greta, where she moved between the older woman's legs and put her head into Greta's crotch. Greta leaned back as her legs rose and opened. "Ah," she sighed as if in the thralls of a beautiful piece of music. In a minute Girl pulled away and Boy replaced her. He gave Greta a more energetic and equally enthralling experience.
As Greta recovered, Girl said, "Show us your toys."
"They're really just, you know, toys," Avery apologized as she took out a few objects and put them on the central table. Boy cleared some dishes to give her room. "This was my first prototype." She held a pink dildo in her hand. When she reached under the bottom and pressed a switch, bulges appeared on its side. They disappeared and reappeared in a progression that moved an expanded volume slowly up and down its short length. It resembled one of those old cartoon scenes in which something, a bolus of hot sauce, or maybe the cartoon's unfortunate protagonist, is forced down the middle of a hose, or sometimes a snake. "This was fun to try but it's too slow. And too short." She glanced my way and smiled. Greta laughed out loud.
"Number two was a little better." She showed that one, similar to the first. Then a third. "This one's interesting." It was translucent and seemed to undulate in a helical pattern. "I call it the DNA."
"May I?" Girl asked. "I bet that feels incredible," she said. She lightly wrapped her hand around it as its swells moved under the flexible skin. "Would you mind?" She motioned the vibrator at herself. When Avery shrugged assent she said, "Mistress?"
"Of course. It would be rude not to."
"I've cleaned it. All of them," Avery mentioned.
Girl got on the divan and lay back. Seeing her in profile I couldn't tell exactly what was happening, but as she worked the vibrator into her sex she hummed in pleasure. She moved her hips at first, but then just held her pelvic area in one spot and groaned. "Ooh. This is incredible." She moved her hips up and down. "Mistress, please," she said to the ceiling, "I need to—"
"Don't you dare. Come back to Earth."
Girl reluctantly removed the vibrator and sat up. "You are so cruel."
"That's why you love me. I can't help noticing, Avery, that your bag is still half full."
Avery looked back at me, then shyly took out a larger object and a cellphone. "I call this the Transporter." She put it carefully down on the table and did another shot.
As soon as the long translucent mechanism touched the table Greta picked it up and rotated it in her hand as if testing the weight of a small sword. "How do I turn it on? Or do I?
"It's designed for two people to use."
"Explain."
Avery opened the phone to an app and handed it to Boy. She gave him a few instructions in a low voice I couldn't parse. With a slightly mischievous grin, about as evil as I imagined Boy could ever force himself, he slid a finger across the phone. The Transporter writhed in Greta's hands. Startled, she almost dropped it. With it securely moved to both her hands on the base she held it like some strange animatronic bonsai and studied it as it slowly rippled. Boy tried another gesture. It danced back and forth.
"And why could I not control this myself?"
Avery's answer was pure Avery: "Why would you want to do that?"
Greta just smiled and shook her head in disbelief. She stared at the Transporter as it contorted into different shapes from Boy's experimentation. "It could be a kinetic sculpture."
"Mistress," Boy said. He made a tiny gesture toward her lower region. Greta didn't respond. "You don't want to be rude, Mistress."
Another smile, this time with a sigh. She lifted her robes. Boy paused the device's movements while she slowly put it inside her. Then he tried something. "Oh yes," Greta announced. "Yes. Very nice. This is very pleasant." Boy moved a finger across the phone's display. "Oh my God, oh, oh."
Girl joined Boy and together they played with the controls while Greta writhed like the device inside her, her legs now squeezed together and her back arched. "Boy, you better not—"
"I'm so sorry, Mistress. I didn't hear. Do you need me to increase the tempo?" He tapped the phone.
"Oh you bad—," Greta's body jerked. "I'm going to—"
"Are you going to come, Mistress? Would you like us to help?" Boy and Girl laughed together. Girl moved next to Greta on the couch and put a hand into her robe at her cleavage.
"You two— don't you dare— don't—"
"Don't stop?" Boy said. He grinned widely. "Of course not. If Mistress wishes to us to make her come then that is exactly what we'll do to her."
Greta's mouth opened to speak again but instead made a big O. She stared right at us, really right at Avery, as her body shuddered. Boy clearly knew what to do to his mistress and also clearly had taken to the device's interface. Greta gasped and shuddered and gasped again. She waved a hand weakly and Boy gradually let her come down from the orgasm.
When she caught her breath, she said, "You are both going to be punished severely for that." Girl and Boy laughed again and Greta joined them haltingly between breaths. "Let's have some music."
Girl went to the side table where she did something on what I'd thought was perhaps a hot plate but turned out to be a DJ setup. Techno filled the greenhouse from hidden speakers. Avery went to Girl. An animated conversation began between them with fingers pointing at various spots on the setup. Boy danced, by himself and unselfconsciously.
Greta motioned for me to join her on her side. I brought my wine. "Very tasty," I commented as I took a sip.
"You mean your girlfriend?" She leaned back, not looking at me. "That thing is incredible. She designed it?"
"And built it. And wrote the software. She's been working on it full time since the layoff."
"That rocket startup or whatever it is doesn't know what it lost. And you are a very lucky man."
"I like to think it's skill rather than luck, but . . . yes, I'm a lucky man."
"You are definitely skilled. We are very happy with Girl. She's perfect. There she was at C, a hidden gem. You've outdone yourself."
"Thank you. None of it could have happened without you."
Avery was dancing with Boy. I noticed that all the shot glasses were now empty. Girl joined them. Greta took my hand and pulled me into the circle. I'm not much of a dancer but I did my best and no one seemed to mind.
After several songs Greta drew me away while the others continued dancing. "Would you mind if I had a private chat with Avery?"
"Of course not."
"Avery, would you like a quick tour?" Greta said after the three had sat from their dancing. Girl was setting out more small bites while Boy refilled their drinks.
"Oh yes! Please." She did another shot and the two of them went off. I felt a strong mixture of pride and jealousy. Avery was about to see what very few people were allowed to see. Including me. When they returned a while later Avery was bouncing up and down with excitement. I expected her to tell me about Greta's art or a private playroom, or maybe the view. But she said, "Greta has the most amazing toy collection! Did you know they had vibrators over a hundred years ago?"
"I never thought about it, but I'm not surprised."
"One is steam powered. Can you believe that? It's all rusted and doesn't work anymore but it's totally real. I offered to get it working again. And . . ." She moved close and put her lips to my ear, "They gave me some ideas." She gently chewed on that ear. "This is all making me very horny. I love these guys but I can't wait to go home."
I kissed her. It pleased me more than I'd expected to hear her use that word: home. She was now spending every night with me and I'd turned one of the guest rooms into her office and software dev center. But she kept her old place as a workshop and spent most of every day there. She'd bought a small CNC machining center with some of her severance package and installed it and several 3D printers in her bedroom. I could hardly imagine what it must look like now.
We began necking but were distracted by the scene that had begun in the middle of the carpet. Both the women were pawing Boy, whose one piece of clothing, that ridiculous underwear, was gone. Girl had just tossed it away and was playing with his quite ample member.
"I'm doing an experiment," Greta said as she stroked Boy's muscular torso. Boy, in spite of his name, had a man's body. "I want to see how horny I can make Boy." She mussed his hair. "Boy, how long has it been since I allowed you to have an orgasm?"
"About— about—" Girl was doing something with her hand behind his butt. "Twenty-seven days. And— and— n-nine hours."
"I've got him very, very horny, as you can tell. I'm going to see now if I can do even more." She licked a nipple.
"Oh, Mistress, I don't think it's possible for me to be hornier than I am."
"That's an interesting hypothesis. Let's test it. Girl, do the honors."
"Yes, Mistress." Girl knelt before Boy and began to fellate him.
It was obvious that Girl enjoyed torturing Boy as much as her mistress. She'd only been part of the household for about two months but she clearly knew how to push Boy's buttons. I couldn't tell quite what she was doing with her lips on Boy's cock, but whatever it was it got him on his toes and shivering. 27 days of that? I was amazed he could hold out.
"Don't you dare come!" Greta ordered. "See, you're getting even hornier, aren't you? Now, Boy, lie down. Girl, cowgirl."
Girl regarded her mistress for more than a few seconds, still doing Boy, before reluctantly releasing him from her lips, like an MMA fighter who has to release her defeated opponent from the excruciating lock she has on him because the referee orders it. But soon she was on him and had taken him inside. Her equally talented cunt was renewing the torture.
"Girl, you may come on Boy's cock provided you do not let him come."
Girl grinned. "No problem." She looked at Avery. "His cock is so perfect."
"Well, then," Greta said, and knelt down next to the coupling pair, "Let me increase the challenge." She reached behind and under Girl's ass, which was also between Boy's legs. It was not clear what she was doing down there, or in there.
But then Boy cried out, "Miss, Miss, please, please!" And she withdrew her hand. So now we knew at least who she was doing it to. Girl lifted her eyes to the ceiling, exposing a very nice neck which Greta took a mouthful of and bit, holding Girl's head in place.
Girl came with a breathy grunt and jerking hips.
"Again," Greta commanded, moving her biting to Girl's shoulders, arms, and then nipples. Girl did as commanded, yelling, rubbing her cunt vigorously on Boy again. And maybe a third time, it was hard to tell.
"Very good, Girl, you may rest."
Girl slid off onto the floor, exposing Boy's glistening and still very stiff organ. Greta took it in her hand. "Very good, Boy, you've done well. I command you now to resist with all your might." She then bent down and took his cock in her mouth.
Boy writhed. It was evident what he'd been commanded to resist. Greta showed him no mercy. He arched his back, which vibrated as if he were getting a shock treatment.
"Very good, Boy," she said after several minutes of torture beyond what any man should be able to take. "Girl."
Girl tortured him in the same way. Whereas Greta had been taking him in and out in luxurious sucks, Girl bobbed on him rapidly. I could make out her tongue peaking out also on her upstrokes. I had to hold tight onto Avery to avoid playing with myself. Greta repeated, "I command younotto come.Do not come!"
Amazingly, Boy complied. "Girl," Greta said after more torture, pulling Girl's head up by her hair, "You will continue to give Boy the command."
"Yes, Mistress," she answered while Greta took Boy's cock back and, if anything, sucked him even harder and deeper. "Boy, you heard what Mistress told you. Keep going, you can do it. No orgasm." She stroked his body, which didn't calm him at all because she also tweaked his nipples and tickled his sides.
This tableau went on longer than I thought possible. Girl's hands moved over his chest and her fingers explored in his mouth and over his face, while Greta worked below Her hair covered exactly what was going on. It was almost like watching EMTs treat a patient.
Except that no EMT would repeatedly tell her patient to resist coming from what the emergency physician was doing to him. No nurse would tell a patient how great it felt to come on his cock. Nor would the "patient" groan and cry in the throes of a clearly ecstatic experience equal to any religious one.
When Boy finally gave himself up— which of course was what Greta had intended— it was as if the EMTs had failed and the patient had succumbed to some kind of seizure. From the way his hips flew about it was more gonad attack than heart attack. His orgasm also went on longer than you'd think and to her credit Greta continued until his hips stopped jerking and his last spasm had wracked him.
When Greta sat up, Girl took her place, continuing to pull the last dregs of pleasure and semen out of him. Greta looked our way with nothing but pride and satisfaction.
** ** ** ** ** ** ** ** **
"I'm really happy for you. I'm happy you finally got to have your orgasm," Avery said to Boy when we were at the door and about to leave.
"Thank you, Mistress Avery. I'm not sure it would have happened without your invention. I believe that inspired our Mistress because she was shooting for thirty days."
She laughed. "Nobody calls me 'Mistress'."
"Then I am pleased to be unique in your acquaintance."
She hugged him. "Well, I hope you get to have another orgasm soon."
"Oh," he began, but stopped himself. He looked a little stricken.
"What? I'm sorry. Was that rude? You already know I'm not good at the social stuff."
"No, Mistress Avery, you were not rude. It's just— you see— they have a plan."
"Greta and Girl?"
His nod carried multiple emotions. He was the long-suffering servant, but also something else. He straightened and faced forward, almost like a soldier reporting. "They have decided that, as my reward for lasting 27 days, I will now be given an orgasm every day for the same length of time."
"Great. Congratulations."
"I get the feeling, though," I couldn't help inserting, "that there's a 'but' lurking somewhere."
"But—" He drew in a breath, nodding to me in acknowledgement— "Each one, they have decided, must be different."
Avery tilted her head in a question. "And that's a problem because . . .?"
"How many ways do you like to come?"
"Uh, well, a few."
"So three or four. I'm sure you enjoy a wider variety, but does it come to more than, say, five or ten?"
She shrugged.
"If you were forced to have an orgasm in 17 more and different ways, none of which were part of your favorite ten, how would you feel?"
"Just doing it 27 times in a row, daily, will be a challenge," I offered.
Boy only smiled at that, perhaps condescendingly.
"Is any of this negotiable?" Avery asked.
"It may be."
"You can slice and dice the categories. I noticed you like BJs, for example. I mean, what guy doesn't? So road head is different, right? Public. Mile High Club. The list goes on. And you have a multiplier. Girl does them, then your mistress does them, then once more through the list as doubleheaders. Easy-peasy."
Boy laughed heartily. He had to wipe his eyes. He hugged her again.
"And you should insist on a regular business schedule," I tried. "Monday through Friday, reasonable hours, and you get the weekend off."
That earned a chuckle.
"And time and a half," I added. "They do you twice in one day, it counts as three."
He just shook his head. "I will definitely tell them. I don't think they'll agree but they'll get a good laugh."
"Most important," Avery pointed out, "The ideas will be in their minds."
They hugged again and pulled me into it. "You are right, Master Smith," Boy said. "Mistress Avery is a unique and beautiful being."
"So are you," she replied. She put her head on my chest. "So are you both."