Ali slowed as he drove along the tree lined road, Wayne had told us we would find the spot to park about here and he was right. Ali grunted as he noticed a gap between two trees, it was the only possible place to pull off the road. It was not a track or any kind of official parking place it was simply a gap. Ali turned us off the road between the two trees, turned right and immediately stopped. It was as we had expected the car could go no further because of trees and bushes. This was an ideal spot that Wayne had sent us to, we could hear cars passing along the small country road but we were shielded from view by the bushes.
It was a warm sunny morning though in the shade of the trees it was cooler as the leaves cast shade, the sun only illuminating the clearing in a mellow green. It was a year since Ali and I had first met Janice and Wayne. We had become lovers almost as soon as we had met them and we had formed an amazing connection with the two of them. Over the past year I had met Janice three times each time ending in us having passionate sex. All of us had met twice for a foursome and I had met Wayne once for an afternoon of sex.
Ali and I were from strict Muslim families and we used these breaks with Janice and Wayne as an opportunity to break from how our families expected us to dress and behave. When we first met Janice was experimenting and enjoying been an exhibitionist, I had taken the chance to wear more revealing clothing and today I was feeling nervous as I was taking a big chance.
"OK Irim?" asked Ali, I nodded my head in reply.
Wayne had suggested the four of us should go skinny dipping at a secluded spot that he knew of and that we should make it a nudist day.
I stepped out of the car kicked my shoes off feeling the soft green grass against my bare feet. I was wearing a coat which I slipped off my shoulders and folded on to the back seat of the car. I looked down at my naked body despite my nervousness I was excited as well. The spot we had chosen for us all to meet up was about two hundred meters from where we were parked, and our clothes were staying in the car. If anyone discovered us there would be no chance of covering up.
A gentle breeze caressed the skin of my body making me even more aware of my nudity the same breeze created the sound of the leaves rustling. Ali had undressed as well and picked up a bag that contained a picnic and he led the way through the woods, there was no footpath. We pushed through the undergrowth my bare feet feeling grass and stales leaves underneath them it made a soft springy carpet to walk on. The woods were very quiet other than for the sound of the two of us and the occasional bird. I was now feeling very calm, the woods had a soothing effect on me. Soon I could hear the sound of water running, we were nearing our destination. This is far more than two hundred meters I thought, a long dash back to the car if we needed our clothes.
I was watching Ali's naked buttocks moving as he walked slowly through the undergrowth in front of me.
We stepped out into a clearing, to point where two small streams met, at their joining point a pool had formed. Where we were stood there was no vegetation other than a wide clear grass platform, on the other bank of the pool was lush vegetation. I for a moment found myself resting at the side of a large oak tree, admiring the beauty of the woods that surrounded me and the attractive pool setting. The grass platform was in the sun and felt warm to my feet as I walked onto it. I knelt beside the stream and trailed my hand in the water it was cold to the touch.
A noise behind me announced the arrival of Wayne and Janice, like us they were both naked. My eyes went straight to Janice's body, it was full but not fat, her eyes met mine and we smiled at each other.
"Hello," she said, "Isn't this exciting!" she exclaimed indicating our naked bodies.
"I think so," I replied cautiously. she smiled again. I stepped up to her and kissed her soft lips,
"Hello lover!" I greeted her.
Wayne smiled a greeting, I looked down, his dick was soft hanging down, I thought of how it would be shortly, hard and inside me, knowing Wayne enjoyed having his dick sucked I imagined that as well, I was starting to feel turned on already.
We sat beside the stream talking and catching up on what we had been up to since we had last seen each other. Wayne was Janice's lover and I wondered what her husband was like.
I gave up thinking and laid back enjoying the sun on my bare skin. Janice laid beside me while the two men talked.
Janice rolled on to her stomach and after a few minutes Ali sat beside her and started to massage her back, buttocks and the back of her legs.
Wayne laid beside me resting his head on my stomach his fingers stroking my pubic hair and the tops of my legs. I opened my legs and his fingers went to the wet spot between them
He laughed, there was such a joy in the way his lips found out mine out, we kissed.
"So perfect," he said, cupping both my breasts and tasting my skin with his mouth. He picked up the pace, his mouth kissing and licking in my neck, then he went down my body. He wedged his shoulders between my legs to hold them open, and dove right in. I felt his tongue swirling around my clit, licking, lapping, tasting.
"More," I begged. "More, Wayne, please!" I cried.
He teased me by pulling the folds back and flicking the nub of my clit that was exposed with his tongue, then by nibbling lightly on it with his teeth. I wanted more. He slipped a finger into my wet cunt, then two and then three, and started pumping into me, hard. I wanted more. Even as I came the first time, I wanted more. The orgasm rolled through me like a wave that had broken before it hit the sand, just a gentle swell.
"You taste so sweet," he said and pressed his lips against mine, slipping his tongue inside my mouth so I could taste myself. I didn't mind the taste of my own cum.
I leaned forward to lick the drop of pre-cum from his cock. It was slightly salty, and I wanted more. I pressed him so that he was lying down on his back. I was aware that Janice was knelt on all fours with Ali knelt behide her driving his dick into her cunt, her breast were hanging down, swinging with each of his thrusts.
I started on Wayne's dick he was big and thick and that was good enough for me. I licked around the head a few times before slipping my mouth over him and sucking him, I held him steady with my hand and started bobbing my head as I jerked him, my other hand cupping his balls and shaking them like a pair of dice. He moaned.
"Oh yeah, that's it, suck my cock!"
I obliged, taking him deeper into my mouth. I felt his hands on my hips and then he shifted me so that I straddled his face. He brought my hips down and started eating me out again while I sucked him expertly. We stayed like that for a while, pleasuring each other. He pushed a stiff tongue inside my cunt, and I took him in for some deep throat action; he opened his mouth wide, held it over my opening and suck hard, and I let my throat muscles work him as I swallowed his cock.
Finally he said, 'I'm getting really close, I want to cum in your pussy."
I swung my leg over and turned around. I was still straddling him, but I was looking at his face. I held his cock steady with one hand and lowered myself onto him, impaling myself on that thick pole. We both moaned at the sensations. He held my hands as I started to move torturously slow, just shifting forward and back, getting used to the feel of him inside me. I picked up the pace a little, moving up and down his body, until I was bouncing on his cock. It slipped out of me a few times and he hurried to put it back in every time. I slowed down again, gripping him tight with my inner muscles and just moving my hips in a slightly circular way, grinding down on him hard. He moaned and pulled me down for a kiss, one hand sneaking down to play with my clit.
He held me close and flipped us over unexpectedly, landing me on my back.
"You've had your fun," he said, "but I'm going to have you now."
And fuck me he did, pumping in and out of me so fast I could barely keep up. With every thrust his balls slapped against me, and I soon got the rhythm, pushing up when he came down. He slowed the pace after a while to give us both time to catch our breath. Our bodies were slick with sweat, and my cum had dripped between my butt cheeks. He ground his hips on mine, just holding it there while we took a few deep breaths. And then he pulled out almost all the way, before pumping in again, going deep and sure and fast. He did this over and over, every thrust taking him deeper inside me. He quickened the pace again, and I could tell he was close to an orgasm.
"Oh yeah," moaned, helping him with my hips as his movements became slightly erratic. He yanked my legs up over his shoulder, the new angle deepening the penetration. It was so good it was almost painful.
I felt his finger playing around my ass.
He gave a few last strokes and the he trembled and lunged deep inside me, crying out as pleasure induced its unique seizure. I felt his cum coating my walls warmly, and his finger in my ass, and his pelvis against my clit, and it brought my moment I could feel the walls of my pussy clenching him rhythmically, milking his cock with hot, liquid tugs as we came together. My muscles were quivering around him, and he was so deep, the tip of his cock just nudging my cervix, and I loved it so much.
We collapsed momentarily spent.
I looked across Janice was laid on her back with Ali resting his head on her breasts, they looked as breathless as Wayne and me.
I crawled across the warm grass and gave Janice a kiss on her soft lips. I slid my hand up Janice's thigh and asked if I could eat her pussy. She nodded and away I went! I started to lick her outer lips making small passes by her clit. I could feel how wet she was and drank up ever ounce of her body I could. I glanced to my side and saw Wayne and Ali watching us.
I continued to make small passes at Janice's clit and finally started making slow direct circles. I kept the speed at a constant while sliding one finger in her beautiful pussy.
Wayne moved across and began to suck on Janice's nipples while I concentrated on her clit.
I climbed completely over Janice, into a female 69 position, and lowered my pussy onto her face. Soon we both began to eat each other out trying to make each other cum. After a while, I could tell Janice was close to orgasm as her breathing quickened and her body went tight. She let out a delighted squeal as she came. I was close, Janice's tongue doing its job on my clit and then I came wave after wave rocked through my body as well.
Afterwards we all decided on a dip in the pond. The water was icy cold, talking our breath away and the pond bottom covered in gravel and pebbles. Standing up, the water came to just under my breasts. Ali came up behind me and wrapped his arms around me giving me a big hug, I turned and kissed him. I knew that I was lucky having such a wonderful husband.
The cold water soon drove the four us back on to the warm grass platform and we started to consume the picnic.
Afterwards Janice and I lay on our backs side by side.
Laying in the sunshine I could hear the water from the streams trickling into the pond and then draining out the other side: a gentle breeze was rustling through the leaves of the trees, it was a perfect setting.
After a few minutes Wayne leaned over me and we kissed and Ali started to suck on my nipples it was very erotic feeling with the two men touching my body. Wayne laid on top of me and I spread my legs to accommodate him. We kissed and Wayne very slowly slipped his erection in to me. Ali moved over to Janice and they started to kiss.
Wayne and I laid kissing for several minutes our tongues exploring each others mouth, his erection was hard inside me. Then we started to move our hips working together in unison. Our rhythm increased, I was panting, my juices were flowing and I came in a muscle trembling orgasm. Wayne pulled out of me his dick still hard. I rolled on my side and watched.
Ali got between Janice's legs and rubbed her pussy with the head of his dick. She let out a low moan as he slid his head a little further in. Ali looked over at me and gave me a big smile as he slowly thrust every bit of his rock hard dick into her. She let out a load moan as he bottomed out in her. She was taking his entire dick inside her. He began to slowly thrust as she moaned louder. I could see her pussy making his dick gleam in the light as his balls slapped against her. They fucked in missionary for a long while before Janice had another whole body orgasm.
Ali then grabbed her hips and turned her over, so she was knelt on all fours, in a doggy style position. Ali then thrust his entire dick back into Janice's pussy. Her brown eyes rolled back in her head from pure joy and she let out a guttural moan.
The sight must have turned Wayne on as he knelt in front of Janice and offered his dick to her mouth, she opened her lips and let Wayne push his dick into her mouth. Both men were fucking her at the same time.
Ali began to pound her pussy like there would be no tomorrow. He place a hand right on her throat. He used that to pull himself even deeper into her love hole. She looked as if she was in heaven. Ali looked up at me as I watched him bury every last inch of his dick into her cunt. Ali and Janice groaned loudly, I watched as his raw bare dick pulsed filling her pussy with his hot cum. After spewing all his seeds inside her, He pulled it out and thick white cum dripped from his dick as it let out of her pussy onto the floor.
Wayne took hold of Janice's head with both hands and started working it backwards and forwards so that the full length of his dick disappeared into her mouth then back out and back in. Janice's breasts were swinging with each movement, I found it a turn on watching. After several minutes of pounding into her mouth Wayne came filling Janice's mouth with his cum gasping as he did so.
Janice swallowed several times and collapsed on to her stomach.
We lay in sun for awhile arranging to meet up again and then managed to navigate our way through the undergrowth to the cars without anyone observing our nudity. I was relieved to have my coat back on but pleased to have had the experience.