I was walking home late one evening. Truth to tell it was more the middle of the night than late evening. I was just strolling along, minding my own business. Have you ever noticed when you're out in the dark how your eyes tend to seek out any lights that are around? You don't go peering into the dark places (probably because you're afraid of what might be there) but places that are lit up are fair game.
The houses along the street that I lived in didn't follow any particular plan. Most streets the houses tend to all be about the same distance from the road, due to rules and regulations. My street was very old, established before all those rules and regulations and as a result the houses were situated on their blocks where they best suited the original owners. Some were way up the back of the block leaving a very large front yard and some way up the front with a tiny front yard and a very large backyard. Most, of course, were situated in the middle.
The house I was currently passing was owned by the Marcels, a young married couple who'd recently moved in. Carly was in her early twenties, a redhead with green eyes and creamy skin. Scottish ancestry for sure. A very pretty young thing. Neil was a couple of years older than her and okay I guess. I had nothing in common with him and tended to ignore him. He worked nights, I believe.
The reason I mention the Marcels' house was because it was one that was very close to the road. It also had a light on and I'd just naturally glanced towards it. Then I stopped and watched for a while. I wasn't being a peeping tom, sneaking around and looking at things I shouldn't. I was standing on the footpath in plain sight of anyone who glanced in my direction. There was a street-light not too far from where I was so I wasn't even hidden by the dark.
The reason I'm explaining this is Carly. The light I'd glanced at was the bedroom light shining through the window. No curtains or blinds to obstruct the view and I was only a few feet away from that window. On the other side of that window Carly was casually undressing. Perhaps she'd just forgotten to pull the blind. Perhaps she assumed that no-one would be passing this late at night. (The road wasn't exactly a hive of activity at the busiest times.)
Whatever the reason Carly casually stripped and I had an excellent view of the proceedings. How well could I see? Well enough to see that the carpet matched the drapes, as they say, although in this case the carpet was a nicely trimmed little landing strip. As I watched she pulled on a pair of panties and a nightie, walked over to the door, and the light went out. Presumably she then climbed into bed.
I'd been moving on the instant the light went out so if Carly looked out the window she'd have seen me passing by. Would she stop and wonder if I'd been watching or would the thought never cross her mind? It wasn't as though I'd talk about it.
Subsequent nights when I'd had occasion to be out late I noticed that the bedroom blind was always down. I idly wondered why but didn't bother putting any real thought into it. It was just one of those pleasant little incidents that happen and now it was over.
I was doing some gardening on the weekend, trimming my bushes, when Carly came past. Well, she was going to go past, but she stopped when she saw me and gave me a killer look. There was so much ice in her look I almost expected the bush I was trimming to expire from frostbite.
"It was you, wasn't it!" she snapped. Not a question but a statement.
"Excuse me but what was me?"
"You were peeping at me the other night when I got changed. Don't deny it. I saw you. And you were limping so I know it was you."
(I'd been limping because I'd injured my knee and was having to do specific exercise to help build it up again, walking being one of those exercises.)
I thought about flatly denying it, claiming I had no idea what she was talking about. Second thoughts said what the hell, you did nothing wrong. Not my fault if she was an idiot.
"If you mean it was me who happened to be passing by when you stripped off with the blinds up and the lights on then I have to admit it was. Might I say that I stopped and watched the entire show and you have a marvellous body?"
"You have the gall to admit it?" It seemed to me that she wanted to shriek at me but was controlling herself with grim determination.
"Um, yes. I loved the furry little landing strip. Exactly matches the colour of your hair which is a bit unusual. Normally one's somewhat lighter than the other."
She just stood there, spluttering for a few moments, wanting to let me have it with both barrels but not finding the right words to say.
"You had no right," she finally managed to get out, still glaring at me.
"I had every right," I protested. "You were putting on a public performance and it would have been rude for me not to watch and applaud. As a matter of fact I'd pay good money for a repeat performance. Ah, in a slightly more private setting, of course."
She blushed at that, turned on her heel and stalked off in high dudgeon. I returned to my gardening, smiling.
I was just finishing up the gardening an hour or so later when I saw Carly returning. She started walking slower as she neared me and she had a thoughtful look on her face. She stopped when she reached me.
"How much?" she asked.
What? I blinked and then I caught on. I'd said I'd pay good money for a repeat and she was curious. I told her what I though was something reasonable, assuming that she wouldn't have a bar of it. It turned out that she would, with reservations.
She gave me a figure that was double what I'd stated. If she'd been decisive when she said that it'd have been a case of take it or leave it but she sounded distinctly nervous. I bargained, splitting the difference. She twitched a bit, blushed, and nodded.
"Monday night," she mumbled, and then headed off in a hurry.
Monday night I strolled down to her house. The car wasn't in the carport, I noted, meaning Neil was at work. I rang the bell and the door opened. There was no light in the hallway, Carly just one more shadow in a shadowy gloom.
"Come in, quickly," she snapped, sounding nervous. I guess she didn't want any witnesses.
She took me into the front room and turned on the light. Both the blind and curtains had been closed. Once bitten, twice shy, I guess. I slipped an envelope out of my pocket and put it on the coffee table and she relaxed a bit. The amount agreed was there. I wasn't going to cheat her.
She offered me a drink and I declined. She started a little nervous chatter to which I responded. Finally I took the bull by the horns.
"Carly, all you have to do is get undressed. It's something that you've done thousands of times. This is no different, really. Pretend I'm not here."
"A bit hard to do," she said with a sigh. "I mean, you're a very big man."
"Maybe, but I'll be sitting nice and small in this chair," I pointed out. "I won't be touching you or doing anything. Just sitting and looking at your lovely figure."
I settled right back into the armchair, putting myself into a position where it would be hard for me to get up out of it. I gave her an expectant smile.
Blushing she started to undo her blouse, not looking directly at me but definitely keeping one eye on me to make sure I was watching. Checking out the clothes she was wearing it occurred to me that she wasn't wearing things that were hard to take off, like jeans. Rather, she had on clothes that were easy on and easy off. Also, in the case of the blouse, something more sensual to take off than a t-shirt.
With her blouse and skirt off and folded neatly to one side she dithered for a moment, apparently not sure what to take off next. I was willing to bet panties and I congratulated myself when she turned a little more away from me and slipped her panties down. I'm not sure why but women seem to prefer to take their bra off last -- perhaps because once their bra is off their breasts are rather blatantly on display.
It seemed to me that her embarrassed blush had changed and was now more of an excited flush. When her bra dropped away I was even more sure of it. Her nipples had peaked, happy to show her excitement. She turned to face me, face flushed, hands behind her, looking expectantly at me to gauge my reaction.
"You are truly beautiful," I said softly and sincerely. "Come closer."
"Why?" she asked. "Watch only we agreed."
"I know," I said. "Touching with my eyes is all. Come closer anyway."
She moved closer, watching me rather nervously. When she was within easy reached I reached and lightly touched her nipple with one finger. She gasped a little, pulling back so the contact was broken.
"You said," she began, but I interrupted.
"Hush," I murmured. I reached into my pocket and withdrew a second envelope. "The same again and I can touch you lightly."
She didn't say anything, just stood there looking nervous. I waited a moment and then tossed the envelope onto the coffee table next to the first one. She turned her head to watch it go and that was all she did.
She was still within reach and I reached, gently stroking her breasts, and then cupping them. She was breathing slightly harder, her breasts lifting under my touch. My hands moved from her breasts down her sides, sliding around and cupping her bottom. A slight tightening of my hold and she moved a little closed.
My hands left her bottom, moving around to brush her little patch of fur, tangling my fingers in it. One hand dropped a little, sliding between her legs, rubbing against her vulva, testing to see what her reaction had been to what was happening.
Illuminating, to say the least. Her lips were wet and pressing against me, kissing me. My fingers slipped up into her passage and she gasped.
"You said touching," she said, her voice sounding a little hoarse.
"And that's what I'm doing," I pointed out. "Do you know what I'm going to do now?"
She shook her head, looking nervous but excited.
I'd noticed when I'd come in that the two arm chairs both had that little lever on the side that let the chair tilt right back. I reached for Carly, an arm going around her waist, while my other arm dropped over the side of the chair and pulled the lever. With the footrest pressing against her ankles and my arm pulling her forward Carl found herself falling forward and lying on top of me.
"I'm going to let you do your own touching," I said. I'd already unzipped and it didn't take much to push my trousers out of the way. Carla could now feel my erection pressing against her. Her face was flaming but she wasn't trying to get off me. She just lay there for a moment and then her hand slipped between our bodies and closed around me.
My hands were now cupping her bottom once more. A little pressure and she moved higher up my body. This didn't deter her from her investigation of the interesting item she'd found. For my part a hand now moved between her legs, stroking her vulva and teasing her lips. I was rubbing her lips, my fingers moving them apart and rubbing her inner lips, feeling their moistness and slipping between them.
Rubbing along her vulva I could feel her knuckles just below my hand. Reaching down my hand closed over hers, lifting it slightly. This meant that my erection also lifted slightly, as she wasn't letting go. My cock was now pressing lightly against her lips and when she moved my cock it was moving against her lips. She was, it seemed, interested in moving my cock up and down, resulting in it brushing back and forth against her lips.
She finally stopped moving it about, holding it steady, and pressing herself against it. My erection slid smoothly into her, while she gave a little cry of excitement. For my part I simply gave an upward thrust, driving me fully inside her with a minimum of fuss. In theory, anyway.
"Oh my god, you're fucking me," she protested, apparently having nothing to do with the current situation. "I didn't agree to fucking. You know I didn't. Just some touching you said."
We were now moving together in that old rhythmic motion, my hands cupping her buttocks and helping her move, my cock plunging deep with every stroke. Her responses did not seem to be at all reluctant, no matter what she might say.
"I know," I said in what I hoped was a soothing voice. "It's just that accidents happen sometimes. I didn't intend this any more than you did. It just sort of happened. Now that it has we might as well just continue and let things go as they will."
"It's your fault," she insisted, panting out the words. "You should never have touched me in the first place."
"True, true," I agreed, "but there's nothing we can do now."
She was certainly making the best of this unfortunate accident, moving against me eagerly, groaning as I plunged deep inside her. Still finding time to complain about this unfortunate state of affairs. All my girlfriends should be so reluctant. (Not that I have a whole host of them.)
I shifted my hands until they covered her breasts, then I lifted, pushing her up.
"Maybe if you were to sit up it won't upset you so much," I said, encouraging her to do just that. It didn't take long and she was sitting up, straddling me, happily bouncing on me while I played with those lovely breasts.
"You see. If I'd been sitting like this in the first place you'd never have been able to start this," she pointed out, feeling that this justified everything that had happened.
"When you're right, you're right," I agreed, still happily thrusting up into her as she continued bouncing.
Her complaints and my reassurances continued for a few more minutes and then her voice faded away as she seemed to totally lose track of what she was trying to say. Her voice returned but now as eager little squeals of excitement as her climax started to make known its intentions. She finally gave a scream as she climaxed, while I made like a fountain deep inside her.
She continued to sit there, straddling me, looking slightly shocked and rather smug. The she seemed realise the position she was in and the smugness vanished and the shock became more pronounced.
I reached over and pulled the chair lever, returning it to a more normal position. This, apparently, was the signal for Carly to jump ship and scramble away from me.
"How could you do that to me? No. No excuses. Your behaviour was reprehensible. I think you'd better leave."
I rose to my feet, straightening my clothes as I did so.
"What can I say?" I asked rhetorically. "Nothing really except to apologise and assure you that what happened was not my intentions. I came here purely to admire you and nothing else. I won't say I regret it, because you were absolutely marvellous. I will not embarrass you by lingering."
A couple of interesting things I noticed as I edged toward the door, taking all responsibility for what happened. Carly made no move towards getting dressed or covering up. She did, however, find time to grab the envelopes and peek inside with a happy smile.
Next time we talk I might suggest that she deserved a spanking for her behaviour and see how she reacts. It could be interesting.