Part 6 of the series, as always completely fictional story with fictional characters. Proofing and editing were done with software so all mistakes are hard to detect. Comments on the storyline are always appreciated.
________________________________
I figured it was about time, and I let my neighbor Bev know about the hidden cams, and how John and I used them the keep our marriage strong when he was gone a lot. As I predicted, she was more than fine with it, she wanted to know when she could join me and give John a good show. I guess it is a good thing that she and I are both just as excited about sex with the other's husband, we just need to get Rick onboard.
We had a video visit set up for later that night so I had Bev come over for it and we had some drinks, waiting for my husband John to join our Zoom-type cam sex over his private network. The waiting and drinking gave me an idea I shared with Bev and she loved it. We decided to dress like schoolgirls and role-play for John. I still had the clothes me and my sister Sam used with John before, and he got off on it.
John signed on and my sexy husband was in his boxers, and shirt while sitting on his bed and we soon had him under our control. I went into character to tell him we just got home from school and were ready to play. If he wanted to join us and see our school girl titties or pussies, he was going to have to lose his shirt, and then his shorts, so we could see his big penis and muscles. Then maybe we would lift our skirts for him to show him what we have to bring to the game.
We lifted our blouses, to show him our titties, just to get him started. He pretended to be a little shy in front of Bev, he is a good actor, even though he had not done a cam, or much with Bev yet at all, he was just responding to our actions. He was just with her one time in person, they did not even know each other when they fucked that night. It was a crazy night when he walked into the house from the garage naked to surprise me.
It was our turn, and since the two of them are new, I had told her she would be the subject of our sexual performance at the start. I told him if he took his boxers off for us, I would finish undressing her. He slowly pulled off his boxers and revealed his treasure that I can not get enough of and Bev was anxious to see again. He was partially erect even though he had not touched it or gave him much to watch yet.
I moved closer to Bev, we gave him a long girl-to-girl kiss to watch as I caressed her big breast and then moved to her nipples for a nibble. He, well mostly his penis seemed to be responding to this, so I told him if I pull her skirt off and show him her bald excited pussy, he would have to work on that penis of his, we want to see it in full display.
I pulled her skirt off and helped her spread her legs open so he could zoom in with the cam he had focused on us.
John, "That's just beautiful Bev, you are so fucking hot, both of you, what would you like from me in return."
Bev, "Rick shows me everything he has, but he like so many, is one of those men that does not want to be seen masturbating, even though I let him watch me. Joan has told me that you have put on a show, and played with yourself for her like a man learns to at puberty, and not as you would see in porn like you just discovered it and what it will do if you rub it too long."
John, "That's a tall order but I will do my best.
He started by just lifting the head of his penis and rubbing the knob like he had just discovered how it feels. I guess the answer to how good he was at this was how it slowly responded as he increased his play. Most guys do not know how to do it unassuming and seem so comfortable doing it. John seems to be able to do it like I am not, and in this case, Bev and I are not even there, it is much sexier seeing it as a true voyeur. I think the cam thing after you have done it a while makes you forget someone is there, I know I do, we both were turned on watching this natural act.
Bev got into the role-playing right away, "Oh John, I love that big cock of yours but I want to see your ass, and big balls too. Can you be a cute doggie, and then milk that big cock for us daddy, so we can see it from behind? We will do something sexy for you then."
He did, I took the opportunity to fuck with him too, "Oh John, you ass and balls look so smooth, did you get one of your many girlfriends to do that for you."
He broke partly out of character but continued to milk his cock, "Funny you should ask, I have had a young girl at this job flirt with me all week on this job. She wanted some of this daddy too I figured. I took her to dinner last night, after some drinks we got into a pretty open discussion, and I told her about my video sex with you, and that we watch each other fuck other people. One thing led to another and we were back at her place, her roommate was gone, so we fucked everywhere but in her bed. We both had red cheeks from each other's stubble down below, and she suggested that she got out her wax and we touched each other in case we had a chance to do this again before I leave. I was saving the story for tonight, but then when I signed in, I had these two innocent school girls on the other end that I was afraid to tell such a dirty story to."
"Well, you better turn around now, before you milk a cumshot out of yourself. We will give you a little more show, I knew you would not be expecting two of us so we dressed up."
He was now back against his headboard and had the camera zoomed in close as he just continued to edge what was now a full-blown hardon.
I pulled my skirt off, he is an ass man too I know, ass and pussy together are his favorite. I whispered instructions in her ear. She turned around and put her butt up in the air, and I place some pillows under her to hold it up as she opened up her legs. I crawled up from below and started licking her pussy slit as I spread my legs to give him a pussy ass view of me too.
John, "Oh God that is hot, but you two can't see what you are doing to me so I will tell you. My cock is so hard and purple at the tip that it is throbbing. It is mostly that way from me imagining I am there and have your two wonderful ass's lined up on the bed and sticking up like Bev's. You two are kissing each other as I take turns pounding your pussies until my balls start to hurt from hitting you world-class ass's."
I could feel Bev releasing juices on my tongue as she listened to John's dialogue. In my case it just made me go deeper into her sweet pussy and fuck her with my tongue like it was John's cock.
John, "Oh Fuck Girls you did it, I can't hold back."
We both disengaged as I knew what he meant. There he was legs spread with his left hand on his balls, and his right pumping his cock as it shot cum to the laptop cam, I hoped he would save it and make of clip of it cumming out of his cock and flying toward us in slow motion, that would be so hot.
I was not going to pass on another chance to fuck with him. "So you lost your load from thinking about fucking Bev again? Could not even wait to see the two of us 69 and eat each other out. Some poor maid is going to have to change your crusty sheet in the morning. What do you say we take a break already, its early. We can wait until you are sure you can get it up and enjoy letting another load loose again, it is early, and we are younger than you big boy, and we can go all night. If you are a good boy, later Bev and I can use the strap-on and you can watch us fuck each other. Meet you back here in about 30 minutes or so if you are man enough to play some more with us."
Us two naked sluts paraded to the kitchen for some snacks and more drinks. It was a shame that there was no one home next door to watch us. We had a drink as I confessed to her about me and her husband Rick. It seemed like a good time, and I had to do it, the longer I waited the harder it would be. She was a bit drunk and so horny for my husband, so I used it to my advantage.
I gave her the abbreviated version to save time and to make it sound more like it was Rick's fault. I told her I wanted him as bad as she wants John, and how little effort it took me to get him to fuck me. I could tell she was a little pissed, but more at him for being so stubborn about opening up their marriage, but yet so willing to cheat. I told her I had a plan to get us all what we want, but first, we need to fuck each other for John and our pleasure and go over it sometime later.
I keep my toys in a basket and picked them up to carry to my room. I walked in first and froze in my tracks. Although John and I both fuck with each other, it's me that usually gets the upper hand, and has done the wildest and most surprising things to the other, but he got me, he surprised me good.
He was on his bed, pretending like he was too into what he was doing to hear us come back in and join, but maybe he was. He had two hot young girls with him, well, working on him. They were both naked looked to be in their late teens, and a lot alike. He spotted us and got them one on each side of him to introduce to us. Harper, and Hayden I was really worried right away, they did not look like they could even be legal, but he would never do that, he is not a perv, and being an IT guy he knows how to check to make sure.
I was both surprised and happy for him, sometimes I think I am a bigger slut than he is a stud, I fuck a lot more strangers than he does, but he has to make time for work, I have all that extra time. After introductions, I played the responsible wife card anyway, and ask him if he got them from the local high school, many are legal in High School but it was a way to confirm it. I think Harper took it wrong, I don't blame her, but Hayden was fine with what I said, "I have worn out wallets getting carded at clubs, I am 22, but my sister is younger, she was in no hurry then like she often is now and is a whole 9 minutes older, she still is always the last to leave parties."
My God, John had himself, twin sisters, if he has always been honest, this is the only time he has even had even siblings, other than when he had me and my sister Samantha in a threesome.
OK, John, you got me, well you got us, fill us in. You two look just smoking hot, John has always had good taste and is a charmer, that means don't believe just everything he tells you, he is an old guy well into his 30's you know."
John, "Well, OK, I am older, and just a lucky guy sometimes. I called Harper on her cell when you two old ladies were taking your naps or whatever, she was out with her roommate at a club just a few minutes walk from my motel, and ask if they could come over, well yeah!
As I told you she, and I only met yesterday where I am working this week, and had that one night together, she never thought to tell me her roommate was her twin, I about had a heart attack when I opened the door and was seeing double. Being a weeknight, they were not happy with the selection of hot men in the small crowd, so I was completely honest with her about the cam thing and she said it sounded hot being watched, and I guess I passed her audition the night before. They got here about 10 minutes ago so we started without you."
"Well, you better buy a lottery ticket, because you, well I guess all of us hit the jackpot, what do you say we get this long-distance party going."
The two of them almost in unison, until Harper won out, told us they do not have sex with each other but have shared men before, saying, "He is pretty lucky though, hooking up with two young twin sluts that is, I hope he can keep up with us at his age. Don't worry too much though, sis is a nurse, and has had to give a daddy we partied with CPR before."
I loved this Harper already, I don't get this kind of opportunity with John's hookups like he has some of mine. I don't think Bev knew what to think, this whole scene had to blow her mind.
I decided that it was best for John and the twins to get on with their sex that had already started, and we could just lay back and enjoy watching for a while, I did not want to miss it all.
Without clothes, it was going to be hard to keep track of who is who as I tell this story. "She, or they," will be used to describe both of them a lot I guess. "They," had his cock under their control right away. One was on each side of him, but that did not stop us from having a good view of their asses and bald pussy's. I guess close up you could use their piercings to tell them apart, but we could only see them close enough to know they had different ones. I whispered to Bev, which pussy would you choose if we had them here? We decided we would probably want to sample them both. I think we would have been just as excited as John.
John got to it, taking one on his face as the other rode him, and then switching. Harper was the dominant one, she seemed to direct things, and rode him reverse so she could look right at us as she did. Seeing their breast going up and down, and his cock going in and out of their young snatch was enough to get Bev's head down to and her tongue in my pussy. I think she loves it, well loves pussy at least. I wanted hers too, so we ended up 69ing, I just love going down on her too. But using the strap-on was still on my mind, I wanted to fuck her.
When they spotted me putting on the strap, they stopped with John, they wanted to see it, it was something new for them to see other than online. I told them it is not the same feeling a man gets, or a woman gets from him, but it's fucking just the same. I put on the holster, and Bev got doggie on the bed giving them a side view if they wanted it. They were on at least a break unless they had enough of my man. It was clear they were interested in seeing this.
I slid the dildo in her slowly making sure it was lubed enough and started stroking her. I liked the feeling of dominance I was getting taking her, but physically there was nothing in it for me. She was desperate for a cock so she was at least pleased, and wanted it harder. It was a soft dildo, but it was still hard knowing how hard and deep to go, I figured she would let me know. She reached back and was stimulating herself and got off eventually. I got my turn then, and we ended up laying on our backs and spent.
The twins seemed to enjoy it and were even hornier, and I worried they might be too much for him. Taking on twins for the first time after a long workday was a lot.
Harper made a cute remark about them not wanting to hurt the old guy in front of his younger wife, I just loved her! They said they might have to rethink the whole thing about not doing each other. I told them about my sister and me and how it made us closer, with no regrets but have not yet repeated it.
As I was busy undoing the strap on, I looked up to see the two of them kissing in front of John, he got as hard as I have ever seen him. It was something to see two identicals making out. It was not long before they had fingers in each other as they kissed. They were soon ready for cock, and they had the real one. They took turns, one on his cock the other on his face and it was wild. Bev got so turned on, she pushed me back on the bed and started eating me out.
Orgasms were happening in both places, and it was not long until John was ready to blow again. They got on their knees in front of him and hat their mouths ready. It was so hot seeing my man shoot his load on their young faces. They cleaned up each other, I think they had a breakthrough on doing things together.
We agreed to sign off, I think they had some more they wanted from John, but I am fine with him just telling me about it tomorrow, it could spark a whole new session for John and I. Bev spent the night, we both wanted to spoon like we were two lovers, I guess we are because it was so nice.
My friendship, well relationship we can call it, has been getting tighter. I have had girlfriends before, but she is the first one I have had benefits with. But we still maintain a normal relationship as well, I guess it is still similar to me and Mark, we were buddies as well as sexual partners. I will say though it is more like my relationship with Sam or John, as we now fuck with each other, dare each other, etc.
Unfortunately, Bev's relationship with Rick had become difficult, I would not say in trouble, at least I hope not, but they are having their struggles as any young couple does. John and I had them, our marriage got much better when we opened it up sexually. Bev thinks that is the answer for theirs, at least worth a try, but Rick keeps dragging his feet.
To put things in simple terms as I read it, Bev wants a different cock, for one, like maybe an occasional swap with John and me, and see where it goes from there. That is where it gets complicated, Rick thinks it might strain his friendship with John. On the other hand, John will not hook up with Bev again, because he is upset with Bev for not telling Rick about what she did with him, and just dealing with it. Not sure who is right, maybe no one, but I am getting a lot of good Bi sex because of it. Bev is not getting any cock, as her revenge is not fucking Rick, and who knows he may be getting some on the road. A good reason for them to open things up but they are stubborn, and that puts the extra load on me. I enjoy the oral, but I am getting tired of carrying the extra load of the strap on fucking.
She has talked me into naked yoga regularly, I can't call it a schedule because of her traveling. We do try to do it twice a week, and we seldom get much yoga in. Mostly drinking, and girl sex, I worry about the drinking, and tire of some of the sex, I never would get tired of her eating me though. If they don't get things straightened out soon, she is going to find another cock, I may even help her, I owe Rick nothing. He was damn lucky to catch me as horny as I was the day he and I fucked.
One day when we were drinking she was questioning why I get such a thrill running nearly naked through the woods. It is hard to explain to her, she has run home naked from our place before and was carried home by a naked John that way once, but she had not had the daring experiences that I have had, and the high that comes with them. I did not want to tell her yet that I was experimenting with going naked for short distances in the woods, I want her to do it with me sometime, I know she would get off on it if she did.
I talked her into a trial run, we are different sizes but I found a pair of thin shorts that would work. Being into Yoga most of her stuff was skin tight. We went through her closet and found a top that was a little tight, but that also made it show above-average cleavage. She looked hot and we had a plan to run early that next morning.
We headed out to the trail we were early, too early for even Homer to be out. It was a good idea because the cool air made me feel like I had even fewer clothes on, and had to have the same effect on her. She got a little behind, I had to slow up a couple of times, and even stopped a couple of extra times. I even got her to do one bench-to-bench run topless. She looked so hot and had me so worked up, it was all I could do not to pull off her shorts too, and eat her out right there on the bench.
We did see Homer on the way back, stopped for just a couple of minutes. He told me he hoped she would become my running buddy so he did not have to worry about me falling again, and more than that he liked looking forward to seeing two hot young girls' breasts bounce.
After the run, I asked Bev if she would like to try running with me for a while, and she was all for it, she too thought the aerobic exercise of running would do her good since she could not keep up with us during our threesome. She wanted to know where to get the sexy clothes as I have, and I wanted her to have the full experience of having a male with her in the dressing room as I have had. I fucked my husband there, I made a much bigger score though, when I recently talked a hot 19-year-old male clerk into helping me change in
the room, and ended up with his young cock in my mouth, then in my pussy, I still masturbate to that memory.
My sister Sam had her brother-in-law, (my husband) John with her, they did not fuck there, but got so turned on they ended up fucking in my Tesla after they left from all the tension they had built up, and that was done in the charging station in broad daylight. I wanted her to have an experience like that, with preferably a stranger like I did. I had an idea that I thought might be fun for both her and Homer, as his relationship with his girlfriend was now rocky, and I told her how cool it would be to have people see her go in with someone of his age, that would appear to be her sugar daddy. I would love to be there to catch their reactions. It would not matter if they did anything sexual in there, but I would not put it past Bev., but thought that Homer might be reluctant unless she gets naked for him, no man would walk away from that.
It all sounds crazy, even to me who thought it all up, but I am a crazy slut after all, who has not only fucked a teen but Homer as well recently, old enough to be my dad.
I sent them on their own, I had to fight my urge to go along to observe, but that would blow the whole thing. I figured between the two of them I would get a pretty good story.
I seen them leave, she let Homer drive her Mercedes, with the top down her long blond hair streaming in the wind, she saw me watching and put her head on his shoulder as they left the driveway. It was funny, and I was looking forward to hearing the details of this adventure.
I did not get to talk to her that night, they got home kind of late, and she decided to fuck with me. I seen her in her house later, she waved. She had quite a few bags of shopping booty on the couch and was trying things on just to fuck with me. I know that because she did not call or invite me over, she wanted to keep me in suspense. I wasn't going to give in and contact her either.
I did my run in the morning, I did not call her since she did not call me, and I wanted to talk to Homer and get the story. I tried to get something from Homer, but he was closed-lipped about it too. She must have sworn him to secrecy, but then I was pretty sure she at least sucked him off because he had a shit-eating grin on his face from ear to ear. He used the old excuse a gentleman never kisses and tells. She had me, I knew she would tell me the details soon, but the payback to her was still going to be harsh for fucking with me, and after all the planning I made for her. I was just going to have to wait for the right opportunity.
Having a girlfriend was so much fun! It was not until our next yoga session, that I got it out of her. It was a hot afternoon, and I had the chilled bottle of wine ready to help pry it out of her, but probably did not need it, as she was so fucking anxious to tell somebody by then, it was killing her. So you don't get confused, the next several paragraphs are marked by quotation marks, as they are mostly from Bev's telling of the story to me.
She started with the sporting goods store, she needed some running shoes. "I was dressed for the occasion, I had one of my shortest pairs of shorts on, and my thinnest top. The top was not real revealing skin-wise, I did not want to take away from the bra-less look, that way you could see my hard nipples through the white partly translucent material. Instead of trying to snag a young male clerk, since you already had a male companion, I got a mature woman. I was hanging onto Homer like I was a teen hanging on my first boyfriend. Using language that sounded like it came out of a sitcom portraying a sugar daddy, and his young girlfriend. He did great, I think he got off on it too."
"She was almost snotty, making it even more fun for me. I found a pair of shoes I liked, and they were almost two hundred dollars, not sure why, but I liked them. I made a big deal about it, I ask Homer if I could have them. He knew what I was doing, and questioned the price like he was buying my stuff. I gave him the, but am I not worth it speech? and used my puppy dog eyes on him. He pretended to give in, so I ask her if they came in other colors. She said, in two other colors, so I told her to give a pair in each color just to get her reaction, I do not need all of them, but it was worth the money just to fuck with such a judgmental bitch, and it was a good chance to piss Rick off since I have him in the dog house. I donate all my extra stuff once a year anyway. I think it got her goat when I gave her my credit card, she asks to see my ID, so I got snotty right back. I gave Homer the bag to carry and made him kiss me, then walked out on his arm."
"We laughed our asses off when we got out of there. Parked at the boutique, and walked over to the Fridays in the lot first. Had some apps, and margaritas. Well, Homer had one margarita, I ended up having three, we were there for over an hour, he is a lot of fun for his age, great sense of humor. We had no one to fuck with, so we just goofed around, and probably just came off as a father-daughter on a shopping trip."
"I had no idea how much alcohol I consumed until I hit the hot air outside. My head was spinning. The buzz I had just made me look forward to the excitement of being naked for Homer in a dressing room, and having people watch us enter and leave it. I had a woman help me pick out a heap of clothes to try on. Then as I led him to the dressing room, I called him my fiance, when I ask her if it was OK if he went in with me, I know she had to have heard me call him daddy too, I guess I really fucked with her. When we got in the room, I could not stop giggling, and that is not usually my style, I was just so fucked up, and excited. I thought she might say something about me not having underwear on to try on the clothes, it was so apparent, but she just walked away shaking her head."
"Here is where the story gets hot. I hung the new clothes on the rack, then I just stripped off my clothes, I tried to turn so he could not see me, except in the mirrors. I had my hair down, and over my breast with my hard nipples poking out when I turned toward him. I just told him, "we can waste time with me trying on these clothes, or you can just get naked too, and fuck this sex-starved young girl. I will just buy them all and try them on at home, donate the ones that I don't want to charity." I am glad you told me about the floors in there, they were a little disgusting, but I had the for sight to pick up a robe, about 3 sizes too big, on purpose."
"Homer did not argue at that point, I could see he was already stiff. Even though you described Homer to me as fit for his age, I could not believe how wet it made me when he stripped off his clothes, and his thick, and rock-hard cock stood out in front of him like a teen. I still can't believe I was even naked with a guy older than my dad, let alone about to suck his cock, and then fuck him."
"I put the robe down, and got on my knees and got to work, he is as big as Rick in diameter, maybe even bigger. I did not care how big he was, he was so hard even before I started, and I was so horny, I had not fucked Rick in over two weeks, and you made your husband cut me off, I am as tired of that strap on as you are of using it on me. Homer may be more than twice my age, but he can use that cock of his. I was glad we did not waste time trying on clothes.
There I was fucked up on margaritas on a dressing room floor looking up at Homer, and I just loved it. His age did not matter when he held his hard cock in his hand so proudly. I pulled my legs back in my favorite yoga pose, as he pushed his knob against my hole. He pushed it all in, and then I was watching his thick cock go in and out of my pussy, as I fondled my breast. Then I moved one hand down to my clit, and I know I was pretty loud when I came. I was so fucked up I wanted to make sure if anyone heard me, it was something that got their attention, "Fuck Me, Daddy, make me Cum again," I wondered what the clerk thought hearing that. He pulled out, and I was looking at that thick cock pointed at me, and just pulled him closer, and told him to aim it at my open mouth. Then it was him that could not help but to make a noise as he came in my mouth, on my face, and in my hair. I had no idea an older guy could produce so much cum."
"When I was done swallowing the cum I was able to catch, and mouthing his knob he just went back on his loins, with his dripping cock laying on his open hand, looking, and probably feeling like a stud, and it was just as hard as it was when he was fucking me. He said, "Again, do you want daddy to fuck you again?" We had a quick laugh, but then we nailed me again, I was amazed he was able to go again. He lasted even longer and had cum left to give me, I swear Rick can not fuck that long, recover that quick, or is he that tender with me."
"We did our best to get presentable, we were in there a long time, so it was good I took a lot of clothes in, we were there long enough to have tried everything on, and then some. I had to look awful when we got to the checkout, I know I had some cum in my hair from the facial. The clerk looked a little shocked, but was nice, she did not ask me for an ID when I gave her my gold card. I think she had a bead on Homer's bulge though, as she bagged things up, she was closer to his age than me. I am pretty sure she encountered the wet spot on the robe we used with her hand, as she folded it up and bagged it."
"I was not faking it when I was hanging onto Homer when we left the store, I was, well I still am in love with him as a lover and friend. He is a sweet old guy, we had a lot of laughs and fun, and he gave me the best fuck I have had in a long time. I was worn out, and let him drive again. I made a comment in jest about how you and I should be his pimp, he could make some money. He laughed,
and said, he would if all the girls were as hot as us two, because the headache he often gets when his blue pill wears off, can be brutal. He admitted to taking one for insurance, he said you told him how horny I was, and he wanted to be sure he was ready for young and horny, so that explained the quick recovery part.
We laughed some more, and we stopped in an empty lot to put the top up and turn the air on. He said he was in pain, but it was not his head, it was his cock still throbbing hard. I was worried we would end up in the E.R. if it did not relax, would that not have been its own story? We laughed, but I pulled out his cock, to see, and it was turning purple. I started to jerk him off, but then looked around to see if it was clear and put my head down there. I sucked his cock for what seemed like forever, it was to be his third shot in about an hour. I like sucking cock though, and took another load from the old guy, and ended up changing places and finishing the drive home. His erection finally subsided. What a hoot that was hanging with him, I love him, you are so lucky to have both John and Homer."
What a story she told, just too fucking crazy to make up, I did not straighten her out about me not having any claims to Homer, he was just a good friend, that I fucked once, and would again if I thought it was appropriate. I made her lube up the strap on and fuck me, she had me so fucking horny, and John was not going to be back until the end of the week. She wore me out, and maybe even hurt me a little, not enough lube I guess, sometimes I think drinking and sex can be almost as dangerous as driving.
We got together later in the day, and she modeled some of her new running clothes. I am not sure she understood what she needed, some were more like material that is used for sexy nightclothes. But the good thing was, she gave me the stuff that was too big on her, and fit me. I was kind of looking forward to having a running companion, I just hoped it worked out.
We started the next day, she must not have done any running, as graceful as she was at yoga, she was a little awkward at it. We had to be a sight to see for the neighbors as we were getting to the trailhead. Two slutty runners, showing a lot of skin. Homer did not see us on our way to the trail, I guess he does not spend all his time looking out his windows, he has a life. He will be fine, but I know he is still lonely.
She hit every bench on the way back, so it was a good thing Homer was not aware, he would have been worried about both his adopted slut girls. She stuck with it and did not complain, it is a whole different thing running than contorting and stretching in Yoga. They both are good for us though. We stopped to see Homer, and he invited us in, we needed hydration, we were in the heat of summer, and do not carry anything.
We talked a while, I told Homer that she told me what a good job he did at the stores, and on her. I told him I am making her a slut in my image, and turning him into a man whore, I think he took that as a badge of honor. How many guys his age get to fuck a couple of young women he has as friends. Bev was still throwing her charm, well her charm and body at him. Not sure if it all was to fuck with me, or if she is still that fucking horny, despite his age, I can attest he is a good fuck.
She was just so flirtatious, I did get the impression that she wanted more of him, and right then. I detected a wanton look in his eyes as well, and ended up leaving her there, they were just talking when I left, but I did not see her in her house until late. She was walking around naked, and when she saw me, she made a motion like a girl sucking a cock, and then put fingers in herself like one getting fucked. Her gestures were weak, so she texted me, and said, "he is a good fuck in the shower too, the hell with Rick, later girlfriend." I created a monster, maybe two, and possibly ruined a marriage in the process.
We continued our running, she was getting better at it, and it was fun having a companion. We would stop take a break at one of the benches, a few more people were using the path now, mostly men, and yes some hot ones one in tight running shorts we both liked seeing, we struck poses for him of course. We still stopped to talk to Homer, she never repeated the staying there with him stunt she pulled on me, but I got the impression she was still fucking him, they were just keeping it to themselves. I hoped she was not just using him, and that it does not end poorly, but he is a grown-up man and is going to take it when it is offered to him. I grew up hearing my mom tell my dad, "There is no fool like an old fool," and I could not help hearing that in my head, and hoping that was not going to be the case.
John had a short weekend, not getting in until Friday afternoon, and left again Sunday, by mid-week I was horny for cock again, but not the strap-on, I am just not that into it as a substitute.
Bev pointed out Tuesday that Thursday was Homer's 60th Birthday, and that we should stop and give him a cake, and maybe something special. She did not need to explain, I told her I was in and would follow her lead. I touched up my wax job that night so I would be ready.
We did not have a plan, not one we discussed, but I did not figure we would run after our stop there, not after we gave him a gift. I found a little locket that said Happy Birthday, I had bought and wore in my belly button for one of John's. I had to assume we would end up in an FFM with Homer and was looking forward to it, I love both of them and am a bit horny for a real cock.
We walked down to his house with a small cake and made him blow out the candle. Bev, kind of took over as planned, saying, "Well Homer, it is awful early for cake, maybe you would prefer us."
Following her lead, we both dropped our shorts, and pulled off our tops, standing there naked before him. It was the biggest smile I have ever seen on him. We let him soak in the view, and then took him by the hands and led him to his bedroom. Stripped him down, and climbed on his King Bed.
We told him it was his birthday and he could decide if he wanted to watch us a little first, and he was all for it. We kissed a little for him as he laid back on stacked pillows to watch. Then we gave him a short 69 session before laying back to see what he wanted next. She had got me off on a level I had not felt from her in a while, I think it was more intense having Homer watch us. He did not say, but took over, crawled up between my legs, and started licking my pussy as he fingered Bev. I had not seen his cock that much, and it was delightful seeing it hang down below him as he feasted on us, taking turns.
We did very little talking, we just kind of followed our instincts. We had us a 60 yo stud, and he was up to it. We took turns riding his thick cock, and then ended the first round with him proudly looking down at us, laying there with our mouths open and tongues out, as he jerked off on our faces. Then he watched us clean each other's faces off.
He was still pretty stiff and made it a point to tell us he was blue pill-free, but if we were into it, he would try to fuck us each individually as the other watched. This was a new side to him I was seeing. We made about a half-day out of it, taking a break for cake and coffee, doing all that while naked with him. He was sure proud of his boner every time it came back to life.
Once we had enough, we just spooned him, he was in the middle, we all needed a nap, and I woke up an hour or so later. She and I put on what little clothes we had worn there. He said it was the best Birthday he has had since his late wife treated him to her and her BFF. He told us this as he stood naked, right outside of the slider door, on the semi-private back deck telling us goodbye, it was a much bolder Homer than I had seen to that point.
I told Bev about his confession of having an open relationship with his wife, trying to use it as a pep talk. I had to take a shot at fixing things with Bev and Rick and had a rough idea on how to handle it. My sister was planning on coming to stay a few days, we did not have a date yet, and I thought maybe enlisting her in a plan to give Rick a reason to open things up.
We pretty much were on schedule now with our running, subject to her work. It was the same time in the morning. I felt even more daring that morning and told Bev we should just stash our shorts and tops and run naked. She just looked at me, I knew what her answer was by the look.
I came up with an alternate plan, and that was to just do it from the last bench and back, that was less than a quarter of the trail part of the run. She bought it, and we stripped naked when we reached it and got started. This was a big step for me, and for her, it was a giant leap to borrow from a famous phrase. I was thrilled, and we giggled most of the way, we got away with it, but I guess that was a little disappointing in its own way. We upped the ante next time, extended it to a bench, and ran by our target male right after we got dressed. It made it harder for me to talk her into extending it more, but I eventually did.
The first time we did it from the first bench and back it was exceptionally thrilling, we were so excited when we got back we started kissing before putting even our shorts on. We were sitting there still naked, making out pretty heavy when we heard footsteps and just sat up on the bench, no time to get cover before our male runner got there. He was shirtless, but we were, well, we were totally naked.
Bev turned red, It was him, he looked more than a little shocked but stopped to talk and take in the view I guess. I guess I have a lot more slut in me than her, experience I guess. She had her knees together, I had mine spread, and slowly move my hand down to put one finger over my clit as we talked, and I focused below his waist. I wanted to make sure he knew we were not just lesbians he caught messing around, and that we were willing to play.
"Well, you two have me beat, I wish I had looser shorts on, I am quickly running out of room down there, I was starting to feel some action down there from just seeing the two of you as I closed the distance between us."
Bev recovered, and I could see she was turned on and took this one, "You don't have to wear them for our account, we love men, especially fit ones."
"Touche! But now that I am close, I do see wedding rings on both of you."
Bev took that one too, "Yes, but we are both in open marriages, as we all travel a lot on business."
"I might try to work that out with my wife, I use to feel awful guilty every time I cheated on her until I found out she was fucking around too. Does it take the fun out of it?"
I took a turn, "No, it's fucking someone new that is the fun, even sucking a new cock is a pleasure. Then you double the fun when you tell your spouse as the two of you are fucking. Well, that's a lot of talk, lets see what you have available to cheat with my friend. She is my girlfriend in many ways as you have seen, and if I don't like what I see, I will just please her instead."
He may have been a cheater, but he looked a little nervous in this environment, I guess we were too, just too turned on to turn down a hot guy. He looked both ways like we are taught when we cross a street, then pulled down his tight shorts and stepped out of them to straighten them out. He was fit and reasonably endowed. I ask him to bring that big cock closer, and he did. I was not that horny but was not going to pass on the thrill of being naked, and sucking a naked man's cock in public. I figured if I started something, my constantly horny friend would finish it.
Well, there we were, me with a hot guy's sweaty cock in my mouth, and Bev watching. He tasted salty, so I guess I was replenishing my sodium with his. My slut friend soon had the heels of her running shoes up on the bench, legs spread, being sure to show him her open hole, as she fingered herself, she was finger fucking herself with all four fingers. I was enjoying holding his ass cheeks and working his knob with my mouth as she watched. I like things when they escalate without many or even any words, and that was the case.
Bev knows her ass is irresistible, even I get turned on every time I see it even in her yoga clothes, it looked even better naked. She turned around, leaned on the bench, stuck her hand through her legs to keep masturbating. I was busy and not sure I wanted to give up his cock, thinking maybe I might want to lean over and let him take turns on us. I had a good grip on his muscular ass and felt guilty hogging the cock, when I had John, but Bev and Rick were still in a stand-off. I stopped sucking him long enough to point my head over to her world-class ass. I gave his cock a goodbye kiss right on the tip, tasting his precum, and took my hand to urge him to take her. He was the voice of reason for us, and ask what if someone else comes by?
I promised to be the lookout and hand them their clothes if danger was imminent. That was all it took and soon had his knob up against her now swollen opening. He slowly pushed it in, but wasted no time in fucking her. It was such a beautiful scene, not something you expect to see in the woods in your neighborhood. All the beautiful trees and fern-covered ground. Add to that two hot naked 20 somethings, fucking over a bench centered right in the middle. I don't expect to ever see something that hot and erotic, and scenic at the same time again. Here we were, all of us naked, I figured I would have time after I handed them their clothes to dress. The side view of them fucking was just fabulous, seeing her perfect breasts hanging down, and his hard cock going in and out of her.
They were into it, he was not as big as either of our husbands, I had no trouble swallowing his cock when I fluffed him to get him ready for her. She dealt with it, she grabbed the back of the bench tight and put one leg up on the seat, so he could go deeper in her. We were pretty deep in the woods, and they did not seem to mind getting loud in front of me. I was getting quite a show.
She told him, "Oh God, that feels good, Fuck Me Hard, my husband has been neglecting me."
They were so into what they were doing, they did not see a middle-aged couple walking toward us, still in a distance, they were where the trail takes a big turn, and I could see them, but not clearly through the trees and brush. They had stopped, I immediately thought this was my chance to get back at Bev, by me not being a good look-out and warning them. I even reached over and got a hold of Bev and his clothes so I could tease them if they spotted them watching and tried to abort. Not much chance of that, they so into their fucking, they were both soaking wet from sweating, and the sunbeams that were making it through the trees just made them stand out and glisten.
Bev was still being loud and now had her head resting on one arm on the back of the bench, and her other hand on her clit. I could have helped her with that but was having too much fun watching this whole thing develop.
Bev again got loud when she said, "Oh God, I am cumming, don't stop, Oh My Fucking God I Needed Fucked!"
That was when my eyes and the couple's met through the woods. They were not upset or they would have at least turned and went. He was standing partly behind her, with his arms around her, and in fact, he had her breast uncovered as he lifted her blouse with his hands, feeling her breast as they watched the three naked younger people, two that were fucking. I gave them a motion trying to let them know it was OK to come closer, I could tell they were open-minded, him showing her breast, and her letting him was a big clue. I wanted to get Bev, and this was a once-in-a-lifetime chance. I did not put my clothes on either at this point so I could be more convincing that I did not see them, by acting surprised too.
I expected them to just come a little closer, but they continued to walk slowly toward us, getting about 6 ft away. I could not believe it, but there they were, he was again pulling her blouse up, they were gigantic tits, and I for sure did not mind seeing them. What a scene it was two people fucking, oblivious to the fact they now had two more additions to their audience. But the show was Bev, bent over and they were right behind them, it was pretty clear they were watching his balls hit her ass, as his cock as it went in and out of her. The old guy did look my way, I had fingers in myself, and he was more than welcome to watch, I released some moisture just from being naked for them.
She was a little heavy, but he was a fit old guy, she was as proud of his cock as he was of her big tits. She pulled down his shorts almost to his knees, she wanted to show off his cock like he did her tits. She had her arms around him and was waving it up and down for us to see before he put it away. I might have sucked his cock, or even more, I was so worked up at that point.
Bev? Well, she just kept fucking the runner, but it was only a matter of time till one of them looked their way and realized we had company.
It all seemed to happen at the same time, both of them becoming aware of the voyeurs, right as the naked runner pulled out, grabbed his cock, and finished shooting his cum all over Bev's big beautiful ass. I think he spotted them before he was done but he stayed with it, jerking every last rope he had on her, it only takes seconds to finish. He then stepped back and gasp but was still holding his hard dripping cock out, he did not look totally freaked out and did not even try to reach for his shorts at that point. Just said in a matter-of-fact way, "I am sorry guys, our lookout failed us!"
Bev had nothing for a change, nor did I right away they were just standing there now part of our crowd. Now things got silent a moment. Bev turned to me as if to get cover, and I held her clothes tightly and stuck my tongue out at her. She knew I had got her good and came up with something for me, "You are a vindictive bitch, sorry folks for the show, I have a lousy lookout for a friend."
The biggest surprise was the couple, they looked right at him, and addressed him by his name, the man said, "Hi Tony, it looks like you found a really good way to start such a beautiful day. The two of us have watched some fucking in the woods videos together, but being here up close in person is much better, it may have sparked something in us, if you run across an old couple on this trail that look like they are fornicating in the future, I would stay at a distance, we have mirrors at home, and can tell you, this couple does not look as hot close up naked as you three are looking to us right now. You gave us a shock, but it turned out to be a real treat. We need to get home now, with this big tent in my shorts showing, I am sure you can guess why."
Then they did the motion for zipping of their lips, I assumed letting him know they were not going to bust him with his wife. They were a lot more composed than Bev and Tony, or even me for that matter. It's pretty funny now looking back at the whole scene.
About all Tony could say was "Sorry Guys" to them during all this, and he was still holding his cock kind of in a daze. The woman sure gave his dripping cock a good looking over, it was not as big as her old man's, but it was new I guess. I thought she was reaching for it, but it was only to give one of his naked ass cheeks a good squeeze before they left to continue down the trail.
Bev told him, who we now knew as Tony, "I hope you don't get in trouble, my lookout here is either not very good at it, or this was a payback to me, I am going with the latter."
I told them, "I am not sorry guys, it was too fucking hot and exciting for me to stop you. I could see them when they first stopped, and decided to watch, and could tell they were into it when he lifted her blouse to squeeze those large breasts of hers to show them off, at that point why ruin the thrill for any of us. She was not going to be outdone and pulled down his shorts just far enough for his quite large cock to pop out, it was a treat for me, You guys had me so worked up I would have fucked him if she offered him to me. So Tony, are they going to keep their promise?"
"I hope so, they are neighbors who I talk to a lot, but I would not call them close. I don't think they like my wife, she can be caustic, I hope that saves me. But it was well worth it, you two are hot, and Bev, your ass is just so perfect, no man could resist it, I hope my cock I was not a disappointment, it sure felt good in your tight pussy. Maybe someday I return the favor and treat you both to some real lovemaking."
Something a slut like us always wants to hear, she took that as a compliment as she stood there with his cum running down her ass and legs, the whole scene was just unbelievably awesome, not likely to happen on our runs again, but if it did, I would fuck if I was as in need as she was, or maybe just for a strange fuck in the woods. It was another good story to tell John during video sex. I wish I had my phone, and at least got a still shot of it. We dressed and left, Homer was waiting up ahead, and I could not wait to tell him.
Homer said I was worried about you girls, I did not know you had an escort, I started walking down the trail, and then heard Bev yelling, "I am cumming," and though she meant coming, as in coming my way, and was confused. Yes, I did get there in time to see what was going on, the end of it at least. Then I knew what kind of cumming Bev was referring to. I got to see you take that young guy's shot, it was hot, you guys continue to blow my mind. Who was the other couple who seemed to be mesmerized with what they saw, they did not look too shocked they looked familiar? I thought my wife and I were wild at your age, you guys are fucking crazy, but a lot of fun. I guess you know what I am going to be doing to myself when you go on your way."
"Me too, when I get home, the other couple said they had the same notion, they are from the neighborhood, you have probably seen them before. It was strange, he had his wife's big tits out playing with them when I first spotted them. I waved for them to come closer, then after Bev took the cumshot he stood there and watched his wife squeeze the guy's ass and was OK with it, they are neighbors. Maybe they swing, her tits are big enough to please two guys Homer, and they are about your age. I just have a feeling she would feel real good with two big older dicks in her at once, I know I would."
A spontaneous decision was made by me then, and I asked Bev if she minded me visiting with Homer a little more before I go home, she smiled, she knew Homer and I were turned on beyond description, and she was too blown away from the excitement to care and went on home with a smile of sexual contentment on her face, so did I, but not till later in the day, old Homer wore me out again.
That Ole Homer is a real stud!