There is a soft rain falling tonight and all I can think about is what I would love to do to you, with you, if you were here with me. I would start the evening by bringing you several Wild Turkey shots, not enough to get you drunk, just blissfully relaxed. Then I would pull you up, full length against me, to kiss your lips softly until your hands were in my hair, showing me how you want it.
I would take both your hands in mine and pull you out onto the steps and into the rain. Gently, I would push you down to kneel before you. I would massage and kiss the back of your neck sensuously, taking the time to inhale you with all of my senses. Slowly, I would kiss your neck and shoulders, from back to front, listening to your breathing so I would know everywhere and every way that you like to be kissed.
Once I had taken in the feel and scent of you, I would pull the shirt from your hard chest, suckle your tiny nipples, and kiss you down the length of your abdomen. Lightly, I would run my nails up and down your crotch and zipper until I must strip them from you. I would tear the buttons to your jeans open with my teeth.
I would move to brush your lips with mine and then briefly pull you up to strip your boxers off. Then I would move away slightly, to admire your muscled physique in the moonlight, wanting to memorize every inch of you. I have always believed that a woman should know her man intimately, with her whole being, sparing not one tiny detail about him.
After drinking you in with my eyes for a long moment, I would drop to my knees to kiss and nip the insides of your firm your thighs; starting on one side and working my way up, meaning to mark you, but just a little bit. I would take my time, lightly bruising the tender flesh there, which would elicit soft, expectant groans from you. Then I would pause, just a fraction of an inch from the apex of your desire, to breathe heavily against your hard, thick cock, and let you hope for more. I would smile devilishly in the darkness, knowing that I have only just begun; that I intend to torture you for as long we both can stand it.
You would pull my long hair down across your strong thighs to wrap it around your hardness, in that gentle, provocative way you have about you, titillating your cock and balls as I take you between my lips and nothing more, just holding you there with my lips wrapped tightly around you.
As I would breathe hotly against your pulsing need, I know you would be torn between the need to fuck my mouth hard, and the desire to obey my unspoken command. Finally, you would opt to be still and wait for me to make the next move.
Making love is, at times, a power struggle between us that we both delight in. I would make no sudden movements, just slow, deliberate actions that would lead you to the impossible heights of your longing need and darkest desires.
I would feel, squeeze, and knead your full, firm balls with my fingers and palms, massaging all of your most sensitive places, until I am compelled to taste you. I'd run the tip of my hot, moist tongue up and down the entire length of you, making you wait, forcing you to slow to my pace.
Then I'd claim the long, thick girth of you with my whole mouth, pushing you down my clutching throat as deeply as far as I can take you, and always pulling back to the very tip of your throbbing cock; so ready, so strong against my tongue and filling my mouth. However, I would be in no hurry this night.
I would continue my pace for hours, for tonight, forever, sucking you more deeply into me, in an agonizingly slow rhythm, tightly forcing my ravenous lips down over your steel-hard shaft to pull back even more slowly, over and again, until you could barely stand to wait. I would pleasure you just that way, repeatedly, until you would be moaning my name, with your guttural groans filling the night sky and still I would show you no mercy.
I would be pushing and pulling my lips up and down the steel-hard strength of you, always to pull back with unbearable suction, and then force my tight lips down over you, all the way down, until you are balls deep in my mouth. I would set a pace that would drive you mad, fill you with lust, and make you beg for release.
Just when you were sure that you could stand no more, I would release you from the sweet prison of my mouth to stroke you, softly at first, with my hands, fingers, and palms. Lightly, I would trail my fingertips up and down the thick, hard length of you, even as a fiery, torturous, ache begins between my own thighs.
Finally, I would trap you with my lips, sucking both of your exquisitely tight balls into my desirous mouth, laving them with my whole tongue wrapped around you. I would be lost in the rapture that we create and share together, while you groan, squirm, and buck.
We would be so lost in each other, in the beauty of us that is our all-consuming love, lust, and passion, so lost that we would not care who might spy us from the nearby street and homes. I would only care that I mean to have my way with you for the entire night.
I would envelope you wholly, to please and tease, pleasure and titillate torture and tantalize you, starting, and stopping, over and again, to take you to the ultimate edge of orgasm and force you wait. My only desire this night, would be to please you more deeply than ever before, and to make you cum harder and longer than you ever knew you could.
When you do hear voices close by, you would gently try to squirm away, to voice your objections, still trying to make yourself heard, but your half-hearted complaints would be ignored. I would cover your mouth with my own, kissing you deeply, intensely and passionately, to make you forget yourself.
Soon, the voices would fade as others take shelter from the rain, so I would return my lips to your delicious, granite erection that seems made for me. I would begin sucking you up and down the sides of your luscious cock, kissing and laving your balls in frenzied, white-hot need. Again, I would mouth fuck you fiercely, knowing that I would be frenzied with want of you. Eventually, both of us would be lost to the wild abandon of our animalistic desire for each other. I would be lost in showing you all of the emotions I have, that I could not voice.
Finally, I would lavish suckling kisses there as you close your eyes and growl softly into the night sky. The scents and sounds of your exquisite pleasure would urge me on, so I would lower myself to kiss you between your legs, and down over your thighs while I stroke your hardening cock. I would alternate between hard and fast, to soft, sensual slowness, doing anything to keep you off balance so that you could not guess my next move.
I would leave small hickeys on your thighs and capture your balls in my mouth, to suck them hard as I stroked your throbbing cock, until I could feel your pre-cum begin. Then I would move to lick, taste, and kiss the head of your hard, aching cock, sucking you into my mouth deeper and listening to your breathing. I love that your moans and growls always tell me what I need to know.
When your breathing becomes fast and shallow, I would tip my head back and swallow your granite cock down my throat, moving my head to push and pull you into and out of my throat as it clutches around you.
You would hold my head in your hands, and slam your balls against my lips while I stroke you with my tongue and wrap it around your turgid length, forcing you to push and pull your hardness through my moist, velvet tongue.
As I could feel how close you are getting, I would suck you even harder until you finally explode, with your steel-hard length deep inside of me. Your throbbing girth against the walls of my throat would shove me over the precipice, and my soaking wet pussy would contract around you, violently.
Then I would suckle you softly, ever so lightly, until you were entirely satiated and completely spent. I would not move to release you from my hot, moist mouth until you were completely and utterly satisfied.
At last, I would pull you up, to crush you to me and kiss you lovingly, letting the rain soak both of us, and I know I would already be thinking of how much fun we would have drying each other off.