This is a work of fiction. Unless otherwise indicated, all the names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents in this book are either the product of the author's imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.
This is Part 3 of a story of a wife who thought she was happy and a husband who thought he wasn't. A husband who learned that what he said to his wife may not be the same as she heard. Hopefully, it may help some husbands to appreciate what they have and some wives to be better women.
Friday
When I woke up, Sean was already in the bathroom. As I was laying there thinking about last night and slowly massaging my clit, Sean came out and said, "We are running behind again. I'll get us coffee and bagels while you get ready. Remember the dress code and I'll meet you at the car."
I got out of bed, showered and put on my skirt and polo shirt. After doing my makeup, I rushed out to meet Sean. When I was at the car, Sean asked for a panty and bra check so I pulled up my shirt and skirt to show for my first exposure of what seemed a very long day in class.
After training back at the room and naked, Sean fixed drinks for us and asked me to close my eyes saying he had a surprise for me. I did and when he told me to open them, I looked on the bed and saw a pair of black sheer nude to the waist leggings, black lace leggings, sheer white leggings, my white silk button up blouse and a "Knowing" perfume and body cream.
Sean rubbed some body cream on my pussy and my breasts. As always, his magic hands started the heat spreading from my pussy to the rest of my body. I bit his lower lip and whispered that I needed him now. He slid down my body and started to nibble of my clit. As my hips started bucking, he stopped and said that the night was still young and we should get dressed. I tried on each of the leggings. I liked the white one which had what looked a like a belt and a seam that ran from the front of the belt to the back of the belt. It was very tight and created a major camel toe. As wet as I was, they were fast becoming shear so that my pussy was readily visible. I tried the black lace leggings next and as much as I liked them, they made me look like I was wearing lace leggings. Lastly, I tried on the sheer black leggings. They looked and felt great. If someone looked hard enough, they could see my pussy and my ass were quite apparent, but unlike the other two, I felt I could go in public and not be arrested. I put on the white blouse and looked at myself in the mirror. I liked what I saw and how I felt. The blouse went to just above my pussy but was thin enough that my erect nipples were clearly visible and my areolas appeared as shadows.
When we left the room and I felt the cool air on my bald pussy and I felt like I was walking down the hall nude. Sean's arm around me and hand on my belly felt so much better through sheer leggings than street clothes. When we walked hand in hand out of the elevator and through the lobby, I thought all eyes would be on this nude lady. When I looked around, it was like every other time we walked through the lobby.
Out on the sidewalk, it was a little different. Several men, women and couples did a double take. I suspect they were wondering 'what is she wearing' or thinking they didn't see what they thought they saw. I was beginning to feel a little self-conscious but at the same time starting to enjoy the attention and, needless to say, getting even more aroused. We walked around for a while and away from the main drag. We found a Mexican restaurant and went into the wait desk. The hostess asked if we wanted a table upstairs or downstairs. Sean asked what the difference is. The hostess explained that downstairs is more of a family-oriented restaurant while upstairs is more of an adult restaurant with a bar, dance floor and more intimate environment. Of course, we chose upstairs and the hostess took us to a booth. We found the lighting on this floor was much more subdued than the main floor.
Sean knows that I like margaritas, so we went in and sat at a corner booth. When we sat down, Sean put his hand on my thigh and started to rub my pussy through my leggings. By this time, I was starting to get very wet again. I needed to feel him, so I put my hand on his thigh and stared to rub his cock.
A cute little Latina server approached our table to take our orders. She was wearing a short spandex tube dress that had about 6 in gaps on each side so that the front and back portions of the dress were held together by thin spandex bands about 6 inches apart, making it clear she had nothing on under the dress. I pulled my hand away from Sean's leg but I am sure that she saw me do it. However, Sean kept his hand against my pussy. She looked directly at his hand and then me in the eyes. She smiled and asked, "Hi, my mane is Karina and I will be your server tonight. Can I get you something to drink?"
Sean ordered two frozen margaritas with salt.
When the server came back with our drinks, I did not take my hand away but kept rubbing Sean's cock. To my surprise, I wanted her to see me and spread my legs further apart. She made a point of staring at our hands and again smiled at us.
About 10 minutes later, she came back and sat next to Sean. She put her hand on his leg, brushing against my hand and explained that there was a table open on the more secluded loft above the bar if we were interested. Sean told her that would be great. We took our drinks and followed her to the loft. To get there, we had to walk up a spiral staircase with lights along the outer edge. I was behind Karina and Sean was behind me. After the first turn, Sean said to wait a second and look up. When I did, I not only confirmed that Karina was nude under her dress but also that her pussy was as bald as mine.
The loft area had even more subdues lighting from sconces on the walls and ambient lighting from the area below and two curved booths in the corners and three tables. One of each was occupied by other couples. When we were settled at the new booth, Karina asked if we were ready for another drink or to order food. We ordered two more margaritas and taco salads.
When she brought the drinks back this time, her hard nipples were clearly visible through her dress. She set the drinks on the table and said she would bring our salads up shortly.
After we ate and the table was cleared, Karina returned with three shots of tequila, salt and lime. She sat down next to me, said the shots were on her. She tried hard to maintain eye contact while she talked to us but her focus kept drifting to our mutual touching. She put her hand on my thigh and started a conversation. She did not go near my pussy but rubbed my thigh and said, "When I first saw you downstairs, I thought you were wearing shear panty hose. Then when you got up, I saw there are no feet so it could not be pantyhose. It looks so hot, what are you wearing?"
Sean said, "Bailey is wearing sheer leggings and what would you say, if I told you that the leggings and blouse is all she is wearing?"
Karina said, "I would have to see it to believe it."
Sean took her hand put it on my pussy. He kept his hand on hers and started to rub my pussy with her hand. I am not sure who was more surprised; me because I was enjoying having my pussy rubbed by Sean and another female in public or Karina because he took her hand and put it on my pussy.
Karina said, "You ARE only wearing leggings and you are soaking wet. This is unbelievable."
I said, "You have not seen unbelievable yet", and opened Sean's belt and jeans.
Sean nodded to the couple at the closest table and said, "Just so you know we have an audience."
I looked up and saw the female half of the couple watching us.
I looked at Karina and said, "We can stop if you want but I think you would really enjoy this."
Karina said, "Don't stop but wait until I change sides."
Karina got up and sat next to Sean. As she slid into the booth, her dress rode up so that her pussy was on display but she did not adjust her dress.
Since Sean was not wearing underwear, the base of his cock was visible but because he was fully hard, there was no way that I could take his cock out of his jeans without pulling them down beyond his knees. So, I took Karina's hand and put it on his cock, and said, "Run your hand down his full length."
She started to run her hand down his cock and said, "This can't be real."
I said. "Oh, it's real alright and he can work magic with it."
Karina said, "I am going to have to get back to work before I lose control here."
Sean said, "We can stop if this is too much. I just sensed that you were interested in one or both of us and were open to a little excitement."
Karina said, "Not at all. I AM interested in the both of you and more than open to a little excitement. Right now, I am so turned that if I don't stop. I won't be able to stop."
Sean said he understood.
I said I wanted to dance and asked if we could make requests with DJ.
Karina said she would take my requests down to the DJ by the bar and make sure they were played. I gave her a couple of Mark Anthony's songs and my favorite, Cher singing "Dove L'Amore" and Sean gave her $30.
When the DJ played the first song, Sean and I went downstairs to the dance floor. There were quite a few couples on the dance floor. We started dancing and as I started to feel the rhythm, I put my hands on Sean's shoulders and we danced with my hands on his shoulders and his hands on my waist. When the second song started, Sean pulled me close and started to grind his body against mine. He turned me around so my back was against him and started to grind his cock on my ass. He took my hands and put them over my shoulders and around his neck. He started to run his hands up and down my body. He kissed my neck, tweaked my nipple and ran his finger over my soaking pussy.
As usual, he had me on fire and I didn't care that we were in public. I opened my eyes and saw the female partner of the couple at the table on the loft watching us. As I was looking her in the eyes, Sean whispered in my ear, "What would you do if I opened you blouse?"
I turned around to face him and as I was opening the buttons on blouse, I said, "Do you mean like this?"
About that time the song ended and he pulled me into his arms. When Dove L'Amore started, we started to dance again, with my blouse occasionally opening exposing my tits. I saw Karina come up and start dancing behind Sean. She put her arms around Sean but then began running her hands over his chest, down his stomach to his cock and then down his leg. After getting a good feel, she came over and got behind me and did the same thing and Sean turned me around so I was facing Karina.
She put her hands on my shoulders and started to dance with us. She looked me in the eyes and smiled and then she looked closely at my tits that would appear every time my blouse gapped open and then at my pussy. Karina moved her hands from my shoulders and put them around my waist and then started to grind her body against mine.
Sean pulled my blouse aside so that the entire front was open and put his arms around both of us pulling us tightly together. He must have slipped the top of Karina's dress down over her breasts because I felt bare skin and ours breasts making contact.
I had never had a man much less a woman do this to me in public. Instead of being embarrassed, I was again experiencing a level of arousal greater than I had ever experienced before. I hardly noticed her start to slide my leggings down so that if anyone could see between us, they would see my ass and pussy. I felt her slide her hand down to my pussy and start to rub my clit. I felt like my head was starting to spin and all I could do was lean against Sean as Karina stoked my pussy. I could feel my arousal running down my legs.
Before I had an orgasm, the song ended. We stayed together long enough for Karina to pull up my leggings and Sean to pull up her dress. As this was going on, she kissed me and said, "I needed that."
When we parted and I started to button my blouse, the couple from the booth upstairs were next to us and both of them were looking at me. Again, I should have been embarrassed or in a hurry to get off the floor but I wasn't. I was enjoying how turned on I was and their looking at my body.
When were situated in the booth, I wanted to fuck Sean right there, but I knew we had already pushed the envelope and better try to relax. The female half of the couple that had been watching us came over to the booth and introduced herself as Kirsty. She was a cute, fairly tall, blue eyed blond with large breasts and a great figure. She was wearing a short sun shirt dress that buttoned up the front.
She said, "I apologize for interrupting, but I was hoping that you would settle a bet between me and my husband."
I looked at Sean, and he said, "It depends on the bet and what you need to know."
Kirsty said, "We noticed you here in the booth and on the dance floor. You are the most daring and exciting couple; I have ever seen and don't usually notice other women until I saw you. I said to my husband that it looked like you only had on some kind of see-through bottoms and nothing underneath. He said that it only looked like that and you had to have a thong on."
I asked, "What did each of you bet?"
Kirsty said, "If I win, he has to be a male dancer and stripper at my best friend's bachelorette party next week. If he wins, I have to do whatever he tells me to do from noon until midnight on Sunday."
I told Kirsty to tell her husband to get his stripper's costume ready because all I had on was the sheer leggings and the blouse.
She went back to her table and talked to her husband. After talking to him a few minutes, she came back to our table and said that her husband said because she didn't check she was in forfeit. She asked if she could confirm that I was not wearing panties.
Sean started to get angry because he felt Kirsty's husband was questioning our integrity and that of Kirsty, who seemed like a very pleasant lady. The husband looked like the typical big man on campus jock.
Sean told Kirsty, "Your husband looks like the kind of spoiled boy who is used to getting his way so a panty check is certainly possible but you will have to pay to play."
Kirsty asked what he meant. Sean got up from the booth and asked Kirsty to sit next to me. When she did, Sean sat next to her and said, "If you want to check Bailey for panties, we have to check you for panties. Do you still want to know what Bailey is wearing?"
Kirsty said, "Yes because I need to win this bet."
Sean reached down and took Kirsty's hand and put it between my legs. Kirsty started to pull her hand away, but Sean pressed it more firmly on my pussy and took her other hand and put it on his cock. At the same time Sean said, "Bailey, could you help me out here and open some of the buttons on Kirsty's dress?"
Since Sean was holding both of Kirsty's hands, there wasn't much she could do to stop me as I unbuttoned here dress to her waist. Sean started to move her hand up and down the length of his cock and I started to move her hand up and down my slit. When she started moving both her hands on herself, Sean started to rub her pussy through her panties.
Kirsty closed her eyes and leaned her head on the back of the booth, seeming to be totally enjoying the moment. Sean said to Kirsty, "I don't like your husband or jerks like him. Why don't you go back and tell him that you confirmed that Bailey is not wearing anything under her leggings but if he is man enough for a challenge and willing to bet you double or nothing, he might be able to check himself. Tell him that we challenge him to a dick measuring contest. The winning couple gets to strip the losing couple and the losing couple has to then go to all the couples on the loft and introduce themselves. If he is not man enough for the challenge and would just rather strip at the bachelorette party, he should not have questioned what we said in the first place."
Never bothering to button her dress, Kirsty went back to her table and started to talk to her husband. He must have thought penis size was proportional to his ego because he gave us a smirk, took her hand and walked over to our booth. He said, "We accept your challenge. How do you want to settle it?"
Karina arrived as he was accepting the challenge and Sean said, "Karina, Bailey and I have a bet with Kirsty and her husband and wonder if you could help us settle it."
Karina said she would if she could.
Sean slid over in the booth until he and I were sitting on the end of one side. He asked her to sit next to him and then Kirsty's husband to sit next to her with Kirsty on his left. Sean explained that he and Kirsty's husband were going to have a dick measuring contest and she would be the impartial judge. Sean said, "I propose that, we each pull down our pants and give our respective partners 3 minutes to make us as competitive as possible and then Karina determine the winner. Will that work for you?"
Kirsty and her husband agreed. Both men pulled down their pants and exposed their cocks. I have to admit that when I was younger, Kirsty's husband was the kind of man that caught my interest and even without Kirsty's attention, he looked bigger than Wes. I was so turned on, that rather than start sucking Sean's cock as Kirsty was doing to her husband, I pulled the back of my leggings down until my pussy was exposed. I straddled Sean reverse cowboy. When I felt Sean guiding the head of his cock into me, I slowly lowered myself on it. By now, I had no problem accommodating the girth of his cock, but the deep penetration was still an exquisite new feeling. The heat and desire quickly spread from my groin to the rest of my body. I felt Sean harden even more inside of me. It felt so rigid that it was hard to comprehend that it was actually flesh. As the need to be breed started to take over, I heard Karina, say, "One minute left."
This brought me back to reality and what I was doing. I gripped Sean's cock with all the muscles associated with my vagina and slowly started to slide up Sean's cock, then release and slide down. I repeated this until Karina called, "Time is up."
Sean said, "Go ahead measure him first, I can wait."
Karina put one hand around Jeremy's (Kirsty's husband) cock and then other hand on top of it. She took the first hand away and was able to put three fingers of that hand on top of the second hand. She said, "The official measurement is two hands and three fingers."
Karina turned to Sean and started the measurement again. When she was done, she said, "The official measurement is three hands and four fingers. Bailey and Sean are the winners."
Sean said, "Are you going to live up to your bet or sniffle out of it?"
Kirsty looked at Jeremy and nodded. Jeremy stood up and said, "We will live up to our bet."
After Sean and I were dressed I got up to undress Jeremy while Sean got up to undress Kirsty. Sean stopped me and told me to make sure that I gave Jeremy his wallet and phone when I took his trousers. As I was pulling Jeremy polo shirt up his chest and over his head, I got very close to him and trapped his erection between my legs. I pulled his shirt all the way and threw it on the bench of the booth and said, "You should be able to feel my very wet pussy against your cock. I hope that convinces you of what I am not wearing." While taking of his trouser, I brushed my cheek across his cock several times. After getting him naked, I gave him his phone and wallet and threw his trouser and underwear in the booth.
I turned around and looked at Kirsty and Sean. Sean had taken her dress off and she was standing in only her panties, which had a major wet spot between her legs. Sean ran his hands up Kirsty's leg until he got to her panties. He ran his thumbs under the elastic and although we could not see what he was doing, I knew that he had both thumbs in her pussy. When Kirsty started to hump his hand, Sean grabbed her panties and took them off.
I said, "Great start, now all you have to do is introduce yourselves to everyone, if you are still going to fulfill your bet."
When at the far table with their backs to us, Sean handed Karina money, grabbed Kirsty and Jeremy's clothes and said to me, "Let's go."
We quickly and quietly got up and went down the stairs. At the hostess station, Sean handed the clothes to the hostess and said, "We found these in the loft above the second floor, could you hold on to them in case someone starts looking for them?"