"You sure you're up for this?" my wife Carla asked as we looked at the sign stating to our left was the "textile beach" and to the right the clothing optional one.
"Up for it," I answered. "Is what worries me."
"If it happens, it happens," Carla replied, as she put her fists to her hips in a super hero pose. "I'll protect you. No one's going to make fun of my man for getting a boner."
We went right.
We made it about ten steps before Carla stopped.
"I don't know if we're supposed to wait until we get to our spot or not," she said, pulling down the bottoms of her bathing suit. "But I want to get naked now."
Her top quickly followed the bottoms into her shoulder bag.
"Oh that feels much better," she said as she ran her hands over her big boobs. "Are you going to join me?"
Relying on the "I'll never see any of these people again" concept for life, I shrugged my shoulders, reached down and dropped my shorts.
I figured if I got hard, I had the ice chest to cover me and I'd deal with hiding it once we found a spot.....
Up until then, Carla and I had been practicing "home nudist" for about a year and a half.
"We're nudists now," Carla told me after I came home to find her on our living room couch, completely nude reading a book. "So be a good husband, go get undressed and bring me a glass of wine when you come back."
Being the dutiful husband I am, I quickly complied.
By the time I hung up my suit, made a side trip to the kitchen for wine and beer and had time to think about it my cock had begun to swell.
"You're hard," Carla teased as I handed the wine glass to her.
"Of course I am," I told her. "You're naked."
"It's weird when your man has a thing tummy rolls and droopy boobs," she replied, running her hands over her stomach and boobs. "But it does make me feel better about myself."
"So why are we nudists now?"
"I read an article online today," Carla started. "A woman was telling about how she and her husband became nudists and how much it helped her with her body image and how much it improved their sex life."
"I didn't think we needed improvement," I lied.
"Really?" she replied. "I thought about it a lot today and I realize, I've been unhappy with my body and I've pulled away from you. I'm sorry for that and I think things are going to change. It was scary at first, but once I started getting used to the idea wandering around the house naked, for the first time in a long time I felt kind of sexy again."
"I think you look great," I told her.
"Would you like to hear what else I did today?" she asked.
I nodded.
"Like I said, once I got used to the idea of being naked," she started. "I started getting turned on and...well, I started playing with myself."
The thought made my cock swell even more.
"Oh you like that," Carla commented as she watched my erection twitch. "I was making the bed and as I put the sheet on I bumped my pussy against the corner of the mattress. It felt nice and sent tingles all through my body. So I pressed up against it again. God! It felt good. I rocked my hips and it felt even better..."
My cock was rock hard!
"I started pulling on my nipples, like this," she continued, demonstrating by pulling and twisting them. "Grinding my clit against the soft material had me so close to cumming...Then the thought of "You're fucking a mattress, you dizzy slut!" crossed my mind. I got embarrassed and stopped."
"What a crime," I interjected.
"Oh, so it would have been alright with you if I made myself climax, humping our bed?"
"Good God. Yes!"
"Duly noted," she smiled. "Start helping with laundry and maybe I'll put on a show for you some day. So anyway, I forced myself to stop and finish making the bed. I ended up taking a few breaks to play with my pussy, but eventually I got it done. After I finished in there, I went back to the laundry room, gathered up the wet clothes and hung them to dry..."
"You went outside naked?"
"Of course, I'm a nudist now," she answered with a grin and a shake of her boobs. "I loved it. It was thrilling to be completely naked out there. Nothing to cover up with had someone looked over their fence, I loved it so much I decided to water the plants....mmmm... walking around the back yard, playing with my pussy as I filled each pot. I felt so sexy. When I came back inside and started on the kitchen I noticed the breakfast counter was almost the perfect height."
"Perfect height for what?" I asked, having an idea what the answer would be.
"I thought, if I got up on my tip toes a little," she answered. "I could grind my pussy on the corner."
"Did you?"
"Of course, I had to know," she told me. "The cold, hard tile felt really good on my soft...wet...pussy. I wanted to cum so bad...."
"Did you?"
Yeah I was getting in a rut with my end of the conversation.
"Of course not!" she answered sharply. "How do you think that would have made the mattress feel not going all the way with it but then going out and fucking the counter? What kind of person do you think I am? But no I didn't. I easily could have, but my original plan was to get all horned up and save it for when you got home. But that didn't work out..."
"What happened?"
"After deciding not to consummate my affair with the counter," she continued. "I buckled down and got the kitchen clean and vacuumed. By the time I was done I was sweaty and more than a little ripe, so I went to take a shower. I figured with the new me, I'd start getting better with my girl grooming. I shaved my legs. Not just to my knees, but all the way up. I figured while I was there, I'd tame the jungle between my legs a bit. At first I just shaved the edges, pretty much what I do for a bathing suit. Then I decided to go a little more bare and ended up with about an inch wide...what do you guys call it?...A landing strip. When I got out of the shower and looked at my pussy in the mirror, I hated it...So I got back in the shower and shaved it all off...Surprise!"
She turned her body towards me and spread her legs, revealing her completely smooth vagina.
I'd asked her to shave, from time to time over the years and the request had always been met with a staunch; "No!" But there she was, totally bald, running her fingers over her very obviously wet slit.
Seeing she'd shaved was a huge turn on alone, but it was amplified watching her touching herself. Something else she'd never done in front of me before.
She never denied masturbating, but she'd never talk about it or let me watch her. In her mind it was a "personal thing".
"When I was done shaving," she told me as she rubbed her fingers over her clit. "and washing away the soap, I couldn't stop myself. I turned the showerhead to massage and let the water pound away at between my legs until I climaxed...twice."
"So the showerhead is your new boyfriend?"
"Oh it's always been my side piece," she laughed. "I hope the mattress and counter aren't jealous."
I watched as she continued rubbing her fingers up and down her slit.
"Have you ever been with a girl who shaved?" she asked.
"No," I answered. "Other than pictures, I've never actually seen one."
"Why don't you come over and see one up close?"
I knelt down between her legs.
Her pussy was so wet it glistened. Her lips were turning the dark purple shade they did when she was really aroused.
But most noticeable was how plump and fat her clit looked, swollen and peeking from under its hood, without the pubic hair hiding it.
"Your clit looks huge," I said in amazement.
"I know. I was even surprised how big it looks without all the hair, it looks like the head of a little penis," she agreed as she rubbed it between her thumb and index finger.
"It looks so hot," I commented.
"I'm glad it turns you on," she told me. "It makes me feel like less of a freak."
I leaned in and planted an exaggerated kiss on her raisin sized nub. The vibrations make her shiver.
"That felt nice," she purred. "Want to suck my little dick?"
Who was this woman? Clothed Carla had always been timid about asking for oral sex and had never referred to her clit as a "little dick"....I was liking Naked Carla a lot!
I was more than happy to oblige!
I began licking her smooth little pussy from the bottom, dipping my tongue inside of her, then slowly working my way to her clit.
"No..." she cried out. "Suck it!"
With one hand on the back of my head, she directed my mouth straight to her swollen clit. I wrapped my lips around it and gently sucked as I teased the tip with my tongue.
"Oh yes!...That's it!" she cried out as she pushed and pulled my face into her crotch.
She started moaning as her body began twitching.
"Suck harder!" she moaned as her hips rocked against my mouth.
With a low, deep moan her body began shaking.
"Make me cum....Make me cum!" she panted.
Her body writhed as my tongue ground against her clit as she climaxed.
Instinctively, I reached up to wipe my mouth before leaning in and kissing her. Clothed Carla did not like tasting her pussy on my lips when we kissed.
"Don't" she said. "I want to taste me."
Naked Carla actually seemed to like licking her juices off my mouth and face.
"I want your cock in me, now." she said between kisses.
Now I'd love to say, we fucked for an hour with Carla cumming on my cock the whole time, but yeah...I'd be lying. I wasn't exactly a "two pump, chump" but do to the build up and excitement of the evening, I didn't last much longer.
Much to my surprise, Carla found it empowering, that she could make me cum that quickly.
Carla's new found hobby did wonders for our sex lives. Put plainly, we were fucking like teenagers.
One morning, while we were having coffee together, Carla added another fun twist to our home nudity.
"You know what I like about hanging out naked?" Carla asked, out of the blue.
"What's that?"
"What I like about us being naked all the time is; you're cock is always hard around me," she answered. "I like the way it makes me feel. But what I love most of all is, I can do this...."
She got off the couch and stood in front of me. Bending down, she grabbed my rod and took it in her mouth. Once she had me sufficiently slippery, she straddled me and eased her wet pussy down on it.
"Love being able to fuck you anytime I'm feeling horny," she said as my cock filled her.
Her body rose and fell over mine. She ground her clit against me every time our bodies met.
"Your cock is going to make me cum," she panted.
My hands grasped her big boobs. My tongue teased and flicked at one nipple then the other.
"Suck them," she demanded.
Pressing her boobs together, I began sucking both nipples at the same time.
"That's it!" she exclaimed, grinding her pussy against me more urgently.
I began gently raking my teeth over them.
"Harder, baby....Please...." she moaned.
I cringed as I bit down harder...But hey! It was what she liked.
"You're making me cum," she groaned.
Her pussy gushed as it clamped tighter around my cock. I kept biting and sucking her nipples until she pulled away.
"Oh yeah," she sighed, lifting her body from mine and standing up. "I needed that."
"Uh," I said, pointing to my gooey and still rigid penis.
"My, my," she smiled, kneeling down between my legs. "We can't have that."
She ran her tongue from my balls, up my shaft and took the swollen head in her mouth. I moaned as half of my cock disappeared in her mouth. Her head bobbed up and down on my pole a few times taking more of me in her mouth each time, before letting it slip from between her lips.
"All cleaned up," she said, running the back of her hand over her mouth. "Is that better?"
"No," I pouted, waving my erection at her.
"Oh you didn't cum?"
"No."
"I guess you're going to have to take care of it when you find a chance," she said with an evil grin. "Now if you're finished whining, we have gardening to do."
After two hours or so of raking and weeding, I found my chance when I saw Carla, on her hands and knees weeding one of the flower beds.
Clad only in a pair of gardening gloves, her skin was flushed, she was sweaty and a bit dirty from crawling around for weeds. I smiled watching her, head down and ass up, exposed to the world.
I thought for a moment what the old Carla would have thought if you told her she would be in our backyard, digging around in the dirt with her asshole and pussy blatantly on display for anyone to see...or touch...or....?
I dropped my rake and stepped over to her. While watching her, my cock had gone from slightly aroused "plump" to full blow, rock hard erection.
I gripped her sweaty hips and drove myself inside of her.
"Davis, I hope that's you," she moaned as my cock began plunging in and out of her wet pussy. "Oh that feels good. I don't care who you are....just fuck me."
Her ass bounced and wriggled as my cock continued pounding her pussy.
I took a chance as anal play had always been an emphatic "no" with Carla and started teasing her asshole with my thumb.
"Oh fuck!" she cried out and pushed back harder against me. "You're gonna make me cum!"
I pressed harder with my thumb until it was inside of her. I could feel my cock driving in and out of her pussy...I didn't think I going to last much longer.
"I'm cumming!" Carla announced as I hammered into her.
She grunted and moaned as he ass clamped around my thumb and her pussy around my cock.
I moaned as she reached back and started caressing and squeezing my balls.
I moaned again when she reached back further and teased my ass with her finger tip.
I erupted when she plunged her finger in and finger fucked my ass in time with my cock fucking her pussy.
Once I finished filling her pussy with cum, I pulled out and went back to my raking, while she stayed on her hands and knees weeding, with my cum dripping from her pussy.
"That was downright primal," Carla told me when we finished up and took a break, twenty minutes later. "I loved it."
"I have to admit, I was a little nervous about it," I told her.
"About coming over and mounting me like an animal or shoving your thumb in my butthole?"
"Both."
"Don't be," she assured. "I want more surprise sex like that. As to my butt, I was a little shocked you did it and even more surprised how much I liked it. Have you ever had anal sex before?"
"Giving or getting?" I joked.
"I was thinking giving," she laughed. "But the way you came when I touched your butt, you have me wondering now."
"No I have never had anal sex, giving or receiving."
"You know we're going to be trying it soon," she warned. "Both ways."
The surprise sex continued to be a part of our sex life. Everything from Carla coming over and riding my cock until she got herself off, to me taking her from behind until I did, to her randomly dropping to her knees and sucking my cock, sometimes to completion sometimes not.....
Carla found us a spot on the beach, fairly close to the water and far enough from other people that we could have some semi alone time.
"You look happy to be here," she said as I set the cooler down and revealed my half hard cock.
"I'm glad there aren't many people around."
"If there were a few less," she said as she laid out the blanket. "I'd help you out with it. Maybe by getting on my knees and sucking you off. Or oil up my boobs and have you slide your big hard cock between them before you shoot off on my face....Or I could lay back, spread my legs and let you fill my pussy...Or I could take some of the same oil you were going to use on my tits, oil up my back side and let you buttf..."
"You're not helping," I said pointing out that her list of options had the exact desired effect she'd wanted.
I was now rock hard.
"Or we could go take a dip in the ocean," she suggested.
"Can we wait until it goes down a little?"
"Not a chance," she said as she got up, grabbed my hand and started walking towards the water.
The people to the right of us were fairly far away, far enough that I didn't think it would be totally obvious I was trudging along the beach with my boner leading the way.
I was paying too much attention to my right side and didn't see the man and woman walking down the beach to our left until they were almost beside us.
"Hi," I said as our paths crossed.
When caught in an embarrassing situation, own it.
"Hello," they replied, thankfully, with a smile.
They looked a little older than us, both of them were very fit and very tan. The woman had small boobs and barbell nipple piercings and a matching belly button ring. The, I assume, husband was fairly muscular, hairless and was sporting a cock ring.
"Forgive him," Carla said. "He's really excited to be here. It's his first time at a nude beach. I'm taking him down to the water so he can cool off."
"Probably a good idea," the man commented.
"This is your first time at a nude beach?" the wife asked. "You're both so tan."
"We're nude at home all the time," Carla explained. "He's usually hard there too."
My mind reeled a little when what Carla had just said sank in. It really went on tilt when she reached over, pressed my erection down and let it spring back up.
"Well, there's always the dunes, if the ocean doesn't work," the husband said.
"Get your mind out of the gutter, Jim," the woman chastised her husband. "Not everyone is like that."
She turned back to us.
"Well we'll leave you to getting your man cooled off," she said. "It was nice meeting you."
"That was so fucking hot," Carla exclaimed when we got to the water. "Standing there talking to them all boned up. Watching both of them checking you out... I think he was staring at your cock more than she was....Fuck that was hot."
Thankfully, the water was a little chilly and it did take most of the starch out of my erection.
We decided to go get out and go back to our stuff.
"What did you think about his cock ring?" Carla asked as we settled down on our blanket.
"I thought it looked pretty interesting," I told her.
"Good, because we're getting one for you as soon as possible," she informed me. "And I want you to wear it all the time."
"Yes ma'am," I told her.
Each of us armed with a book, we settled in and baked our bodies in the sun.
"Carla bored!" she announced after an hour or so.
"And what does Carla want to do?" I asked.
"Carla wants to check out the dunes," she told me. "Maybe do something I'm going to be ashamed or later...."
"Beware the dunes," Sandi, the resort manager told us over breakfast.
"What? Are there werewolves out there?"
"That's very good," she laughed. "Not many guests get the Werewolf in London reference anymore. No there are no werewolves."
"So why the warning?" Carla asked, obviously intrigued.
"Let's just say, some guests get a little...umm...wound up with all the naked bodies around and they'll go back into the dunes to...blow off a little steam. So if you go back there, you might see someone alone, couples or entire groups doing things they might be ashamed of later."
"I know we're new to this whole nude beach thing," I told her. "But from what I gather, I would think that would be against some rules."
"Officially it is," she told us. "But unofficially, we turn a blind eye to it. The way management sees it, if that's what you want to do, it's better to be semi private than to do it right out there on the beach. That's why I wanted to warn you guys about it. The bottom line is, if you come back this afternoon and complain, I've got to put on a concerned face, assure you that measures will be taken so it doesn't happen again, then I'll feel bad because I'm not going to do anything about it. However, if you see someone there against their will, please do something or notify us."
"Fair enough," Carla said, with a gleam in her eye that told me we'd be visiting the dunes at some point.
Hand in hand, we made the trek towards the dunes. Once there, I saw why it was used the way we'd heard.
The rolls in the landscape combined with enough vegetation to give the bare minimum of privacy made it the perfect place for outdoor fun.
The only issue that day, other than us, there didn't seem to be anyone else around.
"Over there by the tree," Carla said pointing to her right.
Looking in that direction, we could only see the top half of a man. The way he was standing and the motion of the arm we could see, it looked like he was slowly masturbating or he was on the receiving end of a blow job.
"Want to go check it out?" I asked her.
"Should we?"
"The way I see it," I explained. "If they're doing something out here, on some level they want to or don't mind being seen and if we just happened to walk by...."
"Let's do it," Carla agreed.
Quietly, but without sneaking, we walked in that direction.
"Oh wow," Carla muttered when we got closer. "That's so fucking hot."
As we came around the bushes and got the whole view, we saw a nude man, about our age, with a beard and as I suspected, he was getting a blow job.
What I hadn't expected, the blonde on their knees in front of him was also a man.
"So hot," Carla whispered again as she grabbed my wrist and pressed my hand against her pussy.
We were behind and off to the side of them, judging by the way the bearded guy's hips were thrusting, we were catching the end of this little show.
Carla bit my shoulder to keep from moaning out loud when the bearded guy gave the blonde, what I guess was a warning, before placing his hands on either side of his friends head and gave one final thrust with his hips.
Carla's legs began to tremble as the blonde stood. His thick cock pointing almost straight up and kissed the bearded guy.
My own cock was fairly hard from watching them, but seeing the blonde's erection pressing against his friends softening cock, really turned me on and in no time I was as hard as he was.
Carla started pinching and pulling on her nipple and her breathing got faster as the bearded man, knelt in front of the blonde.
The bearded man extended his tongue and licked his friends cock from the base to the head, swirling his tongue over it, three times before taking him deep in his mouth.
"Uhgghh," Carla cried out as she climaxed, causing both...well all three of us to jump.
"Hi," I waved, with my left hand of course as my right was still trapped between Carla's legs.
For a few seconds they stared at us in "assessing a threat mode".
"Hello," the blonde said, sounding friendly.
I guess a post orgasmic, naked woman and an equally naked guy with an erection wasn't threatening.
"If you want to watch," the blonde continued. "You're welcome to come closer."
The guy with the beard knelt down and took his friends cock back in his mouth.
Carla accepted the invitation by wrapping her hand around my cock, leading us over to them and positioning me shoulder to shoulder with the blonde guy. She dropped to her knees in front of me.
"Let's do this," she said turning towards the bearded man.
She planted a kiss on the tip of my dick, he planted one on his friends.
She swirled her tongue over the head, he did the same.
He took his friends cock deep, Carla mirrored it.
Carla rubbed and slapped her face with my cock, he did the same with the blondes.
They both settled into a steady rhythm, hands sliding and twisting as out cocks slid in and out of their mouths.
I gasped, in a good way, when the blondes hand grazed my ass.
I liked it and I could tell he was waiting to see what my reaction was going to be. Figuring that actions speak louder than words, I reached over with my left hand and ran my fingers over his muscular butt.
Our light touches became heavier as Carla brought me and his bearded friend brought him closer to cumming.
I got dangerously close to going off when his fingers slipped between my cheeks and teased my asshole. Not wanting to be outdone, I let my fingers wander towards his.
I figured/hoped that my fingers had picked up enough of the suntan oil coating his body would made them slick enough, I gently pressed against his hole.
He moaned and grasped his friends head as my finger slipped right in.
"I'm cumming," he announced as he pumped his cock in his friends mouth.
His finger pressing harder against my ass while his clamped around mine, combined with Carla's hand and mouth sliding up and down my cock....
"Me too," I groaned.
Carla wrapped her soft lips around my shaft as I filled her mouth with cum.
She gave the head of my penis a kiss, stood up and pressed her lips against mine, her tongue pushing more than a little of my cum into my own mouth.
Glancing over, I saw the blonde and the beard were in a similar embrace.
"Well that was different," Carla announced as our mouths parted.
"But a lot of fun," the beard added.
Introductions were made; the beards name was Ron and the blonde was Taylor. I extended an invitation to join us at our spot.
"We have a cooler full of beer," I told them.
We told them where we were on the beach and they left to retrieve their stuff.
Carla and I took that opportunity to have a swim.
"I can't believe we did that," I told her once we were in the ocean.
"Me either," Carla admitted. "That, by far is the wildest thing we've ever done."
"I agree."
"Can I make a confession?" Carla asked. "There were a few times I thought about switching. Taylors cock looked so yummy."
"You did catch that they were gay," I told her. "As in they like guys...as in you're a girl."
"Yeah, but when it comes down to it, a mouth is a mouth, right?" she replied. "And, I wasn't testing you or anything, but when I said I wanted to switch, you didn't even balk at the idea of Ron sucking you."
I gave her a "what can I say?" shrug.
"You would have let Ron suck your cock?"
I nodded.
"Wow," she sighed as her hand went between her legs. "If...would you have...?"
"Would I have sucked Ron?" I asked.
Carla nodded.
"There and then, probably."
"Pinch my nipples," she said, pulling me close as her fingers worked her pussy.
I began pinching, pulling and twisting.
"Harder," she demanded. "I need to cum."
I pinched and held as hard as I could.
"Cumming," she squeaked.
She moaned into my mouth as we kissed.
We dunked ourselves one last time and headed out of the water just as Ron and Taylor set their stuff down by ours.
"Someone had some fun in the water," Ron said, pointing to my half hard erection.
"My fault," Carla said. "We were talking, I got a little worked up and had to get myself off."
"You masturbated out there?" Taylor asked.
"Yeppers," Carla answered.
"You're out of control girl," Ron said.
Cracking into the beers, the four of us talked and got to know each other.
Ron and Taylor had been together for four years. Prior to that he'd been married and divorced. After his divorce, he and Taylor were hanging out one evening, one thing led to another and they became a couple.
"So technically, I'm bi," Ron explained. "But if you count the last couple of years in my marriage, I haven't been with a woman in about six years. Taylor is a Gold Star."
"What's a Gold Star?" Carla asked.
"He's never been with a woman."
"I guess you were right," Carla said to me.
"Right about what?" Taylor asked.
"I told Davis that while we were all having our...thing," Carla explained. "I really wanted to switch. Davis reminded me that you and Taylor were gay and might not have been into something like that."
They both chuckled.
"Ron said the same thing, but he was worried Davis might freak out," Taylor said.
"Are either of you bi?" Ron asked. "Or had any experiences on the bi side of life?"
"One time in college for me," Carla answered. "A friend and I were in her dorm room drinking and hanging out. We were laughing and having a good time. Out of the blue, she asked if she could eat my pussy. I thought she was joking. I laid back, spread my legs and pulled my panties aside...I used to wear them then...Sure enough, as soon as I did she dove in and started licking. She was good! It was the first time I'd ever had someone really eat my pussy before. I loved it...The way she pulled at my lips with her mouth...She was the first person who sucked on my clit... She made me cum twice."
"Did you return the favor?"
"I tried to. When she finally came up for air, I asked her to take off her panties and she freaked out. She started in on how I forced and took advantage of her. It was just short of her claiming I raped her tongue with my pussy....Lesson learned, never rub your clit on crazy."
"What about you?" he asked me.
"I fingered a guys ass once," I answered. "While he played with mine."
"You never told me about it." Carla said, surprised at this new information about me. "When was that?"
"About a half hour ago," I told her, throwing a glance at Taylor.
"Fucking what?!" Carla blurted out as what I said dawned on her.
I knew she was putting on a mock anger show. I could tell that Taylor and Ron didn't know she was playing.
"You mean to tell me," she started. "Ron and I were down on our knees, doing our best to satisfy our men while you two were up there grabbing and fingering each others butts? I can't speak for Ron, but I know I would have liked my butt played with...."
"I would have too," Ron said, catching on that Carla was just playing around.
"We need to even things up a bit, Ron, would you like to put some sunscreen on my butt?"
Ron took the bottle and looked over at me as Carla quickly turned around, got on her knees with her face on the beach towel.
"If you want to, go ahead."
After taking a quick look around to confirm no other sunbathers were near us, Ron poured a generous dollop of sunscreen on to Carla's plump cheeks and slowly rubbed it in.
"Mmmm," Carla purred as his hands caressed her round bottom. "That feels nice."
"Yes it does," Ron agreed.
I have to say, watching Ron massaging my wife's round ass, made my cock begin to swell.
Ron massaging my wife's butt was having a similar effect on him.
Taylor was already rock hard his hand slowly moving up and down his shaft.
Carla was right, Taylor did have a nice cock. It was seven and a half inches, we found out later when Carla asked him, a little on the thin side and topped off with a big, bulbous head.
"It's okay to touch me there," Carla told Ron. "Do you want me to beg?....Oh please Ron...Pretty please...Shove your finger in my as...Whoa! That's a thick finger you have."
Looking over I saw Ron with half of his middle finger inside my wife's bum. Carla moaned as she backed herself up until he was completely inside her.
She rocked back and forth on his finger a few times before pulling away.
"My turn," she said as she got up and handed him a wet wipe from her beach bag.
Ron quickly got on all fours as Carla poured the lotion on her hands.
"You have a really nice butt," she told him as she ran her hands over his cheeks.
Carla rubbed and massaged his butt for a little while, with each stroke she got closer and closer to his crack.
"You'll know better than I would," Carla said looking at Taylor. "Since my fingers are small, should I use one or two?"
"One," Ron answered.
"I wasn't asking you," she said, giving his butt a light slap.
"Oh at least two," Taylor said, still slowly stroking his cock.
"Two it is," Carla smiled as she poured sunscreen on her middle and index finger.
Ron groaned as Carla gently eased her fingers inside of him.
Ron began to rock back on her hand for a few minutes before he pulled away.
"Now we're all even," Carla said, wiping her hand. "Let's go down to the water and cool off."
The four of us played around in the water for a while. Yes there was quite a bit of touching and grabbing.
After cooling and for three of us softening up, we got out and decided to call it a day.
We made plans to meet up for dinner, packed up and headed back to the resort.
"Well that was an interesting day," Carla said as we got into the elevator. "I can't believe all that happened."
"You okay about it?"
"I'm surprised, but yes I am. What about you?"
"It was incredible," I told her.
"Would you really have done more with them? Or were you just telling me that to get me off?"
"I probably would have."
We got back to our room, quickly showered and dressed for dinner. I went with a pair of grey pants and a button down shirt, Carla opted for a light blue spaghetti strapped sundress and sandals.
Ron and Taylor were already seated by the time we got to the restaurant. We sat down and the waitress took our drink orders.
Dinner was fun and the conversation flowed nicely. After dinner we went to the bar for drinks.
"I don't know how to ask this," Taylor started. "So I'm just going to ask and please don't be offended."
"What's the question?" I asked.
"Well, we had a lot of fun with you two," Taylor said. "And you seem really open. This is our last night here and we want to...cut loose...We were wondering if you'd be interested in....um...Going back to our room tonight?"
"That depends," Carla answered. "Are we talking about going back to your room and hanging out or are we talking getting naked and playing?"
"Playing, if you guys are into that," Ron told her.
"We've never done anything like that," Carla said. "Or anything like we did this afternoon. Davis and I talked about it while we were getting ready and both of us wished things had gone at least a little further."
"We did too," Taylor said.
"As long as we talking everybody plays with everyone," she started. "and you're not thinking this is going to be a gang bang, I'd love to."
"As much fun as gang banging Davis would be," Ron said, putting his hand on my shoulder. "I guess we'll let you play too."
"What about you Taylor? Are you going to give up your 'gold status' and play with me too?"
"If you let me," Taylor answered.
"What are we waiting for?" She asked, downing the rest of her drink. "Let's go."
The elevator was a little crowded when we got on. The four of us were in the back, Ron, Taylor and I were standing with our backs against the wall and Carla situated herself in front of Taylor. By the fifth floor, the rest of the people had cleared out leaving just the four of us.
"Taylor has a boner," Carla whispered, with a wiggle of her hips, once we were alone.
"Sorry, I..." he said as he tried to hold it away from Carla's butt.
"Relax," she told him, rubbing her butt a little harder against him. "Besides, I have some pretty serious chick wood going right now too. Want to feel?"
Grabbing his wrist, she moved his hand under her dress.
"You're so wet," Taylor exclaimed as he ground his hips harder into Carla.
I could tell by the bulge in his pants that Ron was as turned on as I was, watching his boyfriend and my wife grinding against each other.
I was about to reach out for him when the bell for the twelfth floor rang.
Carla gave Taylor his hand back, the four of us got off the elevator and headed towards their room.
Carla and I walked, hand in hand a few paces behind the boys.
"What room are you in?" Carla asked.
Ron told her.
"Davis and I need to talk," she explained. "We'll be there in a second."
There was a seating area at the end of the hall. We walked over and sat down.
"Are you okay?" Carla asked.
"Excited, nervous and a little scared," I told her.
"I am too. I mean we've talked about playing with other people, but I never pictured it actually happening...let alone with two guys...Are you sure you're okay with seeing me with another man?"
"Yes I am," I answered. "I don't think I'd ever be down with being one of those guys who beats off watching another guy make love to his wife but like you said, if everyone is playing together, I'm totally into it."
"For the record, the only person I 'make love' with is going to be you. If I do end up doing it with Ron or Taylor, it would just be fucking."
In an odd way, that made sense.
"So now I have to ask, are you going to be okay with seeing me with them?"
"Touch my pussy," she said, raising the hem of her dress.
She moaned as my finger easily slid between the wet folds.
"Feel how wet I am?" she asked. "It's from thinking about you with Ron and Taylor. Are you going to let them suck your cock?"
She moaned as grazed her clit with my thumb as I nodded.
"Are you going to suck them?"
"Yes," I answered, rubbing my thumb against her hard nub.
"Will you suck them with me?" she panted.
"Yes I will," I said as I rubbed harder.
"Stop!" she cried out, pulling her pussy away from me. "You're going to make me cum and I am going to be loud...I want to save it."
Carla raised my finger to her mouth and licked it clean.
"Next time is going to be with another girl," she promised as we walked towards their room.
The door was propped open by the security bar, so we took it as an invitation to just walk in.
"Is everything alright?" a very nude and semi hard Taylor greeted us.
"Everything is wonderful," Carla told him. "Davis and I just needed to go over some ground rules...we're all good."
"Ground rules are good," an equally naked but completely erect Ron said. "Any that we should go over?"
"I think the usual no means no and at least for me, nothing bigger than a finger goes up my butt without some warning would do," Carla answered.
"I think we can all live with that," Ron agreed.
I got the first two buttons on my shirt undone when Ron stepped in front of me and took over. A few feet away, Carla raised her arms as Taylor pulled her dress over her head. Once freed, Carla pulled their mouths together and pressed her naked body against his.
"I'm sorry for rushing things," Carla told Taylor as she knelt in front of him. "But I've wanted to do this all day."
I reached over and took Ron's hard cock in my hand as we watched Taylor's cock disappear between Carla's lips.
Ron quickly unbuttoned and unzipped my pants and was stroking me as they hit the floor.
Taylor's hips began to thrust in time with Carla's mouth and hand sliding up and down his shaft.
I turned my body a little bit until the head of Ron's cock was brushing against mine.
"I want to lick you," Taylor told Carla after a few minutes.
Taylor pulled her mouth to his and kissed her as she stood up. I only got to see them kiss for a split second before Ron pulled my face towards his and kissed me.
Even that far into the evening, I'd still been feeling some trepidation about the whole "going bi" thing, wondering if I could go through with it or not. But at that moment, making out with a guy, our cocks pressed together rubbing each other, five feet from my wife making out with his boyfriend any doubts I had as to what I wanted to do, were gone.
Parting from Ron, I saw Carla lying on the bed with Taylor's head between her splayed legs licking her pussy. Carla's hands were holding his head as she guided and coached him on where and how she liked to be licked.
I was proud of the guy for trying new things.
Grasping Ron's cock, I led him to the other side of the bed, next to Carla and got between his legs.
Carla watched as my hand moved up and down Ron's thick shaft.
"Lick it," she whispered.
The way she jumped told me Taylor thought she was talking to him.
Sticking my tongue out, I ran it over the head of Ron's cock, catching a drip of precum as I did.
"Ohhh," she moaned.
I continued swirling my tongue over the head of his cock as I stroked him, partially to tease him but mostly to tease Carla.
Okay I have to admit, I liked the feeling of his cock under my tongue.
"Suck it," she demanded.
Both she and Ron moaned as his shaft filled my mouth.
I loved the hard but spongy feel of his cock on my tongue, the way it felt as I worked it in and out of my mouth, stroking him with one hand and holding his balls with my other, taking it out and licking up and down the shaft....God I wished I'd done it sooner.
"Harder!" Carla cried out.
Looking over I saw Ron was kissing Carla as he pinched and pulled on her nipple.
"You're making me cum," she moaned to Taylor. "I'm...cumming..."
Her hands gripped the sides of his head and she ground her wet, bald pussy against his mouth. Her body writhed and shook until she pushed Taylor way.
Ron pulled his cock away from me at the same time.
"I was getting too close," he explained. "I didn't want to cum just yet."
"God that was good!" she told Taylor. "Come here."
She extended her arms as Taylor crawled up her body.
Carla pulled him close and they kissed.
"You taste good," she told him as she licked his wet chin. "Did you like licking your first pussy?"
"I loved it," he told her.
"Would you like to feel your big, hard cock in that pussy?"
"Yes," Taylor answered.
Carla wrapped her legs around Taylor's body and pulled him towards her.
Taylor moaned as the length of his cock filled my wife's pussy.
Carla moaned as she rocked her hips and ground her clit against his body.
"Fuck me...Fuck me hard," she panted. "Make me cum on your cock."
Taylor started out slowly easing his hard cock in and out of Carla. At her urging he began picking up the pace, driving his shaft harder and faster into her wet hole.
I jumped a little as Ron took my cock in his hand and started stroking me.
"I'm gonna cum," Taylor warned.
"Shoot it in me," Carla urged. "I want to feel you cum inside me."
Taylor turned his head, grabbed mine and pulled our mouths together. Our tongues twisted against each others as he thrust into Carla.
He moaned into my mouth as he slammed his cock in her pussy one last time and filled my wife with his cum.
I pulled away from Taylor intent on eating Carla's pussy and found Ron beat me to it.
Carla moaned as Ron alternated teasing her clit and scooping his boyfriends cum as it oozed out of her.
Going with my second choice, I wrapped my lips around Taylor's softening cock, the combination of his cum and her pussy cream had me rock hard as I sucked and licked the gooey mess off of him.
"Right there....Right there," Carla moaned as his tongue worked her clit. "I....Cumming!"
Her hips bucked against his mouth as she writhed on the bed.
"We need to get you off," Carla said stroking my cock as she caught her breath.
Not being sure when or even if I'd ever get another opportunity like this, I wanted to experience everything I could.
"Ron, I want you to fuck me," I said.
I moved to the center of the bed and got on my hands and knees.
"I can't believe you're doing this," Carla said in an excited tone as she spread lube over and in my hole.
I felt the head of his cock, gently rubbing circles around my ass. Ron's hands were holding my hips, so it had to be Carla guiding him in.
"Push back against him when you're ready," Carla instructed. "You know how."
"You've done this before?" Taylor asked as he slowly stroked his cock next to me.
"We have a strap on," Carla explained. "I have to fuck him at least once a week or he gets cranky."
I willed myself to relax and pushed back, gasping as the head and a couple of inches of Ron slid in. It felt familiar. Ron was about the same size as our dildo and Carla had pegged me with that more times than I could count. It was also very different, in an erotic way. This was a real cock pressing into my ass.
"Give him a second," Carla coached.
I pushed back until he was all the way inside me.
It felt good.
"Go ahead," I told him.
He gripped my hips a little harder and started thrusting his thick cock in and out of me.
It felt great.
Carla plopped down in front of me, her legs spread, pinching and pulling her clit.
"Where's Ron's cock, baby?" she asked, furiously fingering her pussy.
"It's in my ass," I replied.
She moaned as I said it.
It was a dirty talk thing Carla and I had when it came to anal sex.
The first time we tried anal, Carla had a vibrator between her legs as we did it. As she got close to climaxing, she started saying; "Your cock is in my ass" she even moaned it as she came. Two days later we were at it again and she was saying it again.
The third time, I beat her to the punch and asked; "Where's my cock?" she answered; "It's in my ass!" and started to climax.
It became a regular thing. The question didn't always make her cum, but more often than not, it triggered an orgasm.
"Where's Taylor's cock, baby?"
I turned my head to the right and found Taylor kneeling beside me, the big mushroom head of his cock pointing at me a drop of precum formed at the tip. I moaned around his cock as he slid it into my mouth.
"I can't see," Carla spoke in a half moan, half pout tone.
Taylor moved in front of me and started gently fucking my mouth as Ron continued fucking my ass.
"That's so hot," she moaned. "It's making me cum....I'm cumming!"
I could only see out of the corner of my eye, but I watched her fingers feverishly strumming her clit, her boobs shaking and stomach wriggling as she climaxed.
Ron's hands gripped my hips tighter as his cock plunged in and out of me faster and harder. I felt his body stiffen and cock throb as he shot off deep in my ass. He continued to grind into me for a few minutes as his cock began to soften.
"I'll be right back," Ron stated as we uncoupled.
I rolled onto my back and stroked Taylor's rock hard cock.
"That was incredible," Carla said after giving me a kiss.
I pulled Taylor's cock closer to our faces. Together we licked the bulbous head and took turns taking him in our mouths.
"Did you like it enough to do it again?" Carla asked.
"God yes," I told her.
Carla picked up the bottle of lube from the nightstand and began slathering it on Taylor's cock.
Silly me, I thought she asking if I'd be willing to get fucked again, sometime in the future.
"Taylor, if you would," Carla said in a very formal manner.
"Yes Ma'am," Taylor replied.
Taylor got between my legs and teased my hole with the head of his cock a few times before gently easing himself inside.
After the pounding that Ron gave me, I was a little sore at first, but it passed as Taylor slowly slid his cock in and out of me.
"That feels good," I told him.
Carla reached down and slowly stroked my impossibly hard cock in time with Taylor's thrusts.
"That feels good too," I told her.
"I bet I know what will feel even better," she whispered as she moved down and took my cock in her mouth.
She was right! Between her wet lips circling my cock and Taylor's cock pumping in and out of my ass, I was beyond ready to cum.
My legs propped on his shoulders, Taylor reached down and wrapped his hand around my cock.
The feeling of him jacking my cock into my wife's mouth while his cock teased and prodded my prostate was more than I could take.
"I'm gonna cum soon," I announced, so Carla had the option of me shooting in her mouth or on her face...it was a fifty/fifty shot...she loved both.
She made her decision know by wrapping her lips tightly around my shaft while teasing the underside of the head with her tongue.
"I'm cumming!"
With Taylor's help, my cock pumped shot after shot into Carla's eager mouth.
As soon as I finished cumming, Carla rose, cum oozing out of the corners of her mouth and gave Taylor a big, open mouth kiss.
It proved to be more than Taylor could handle and with three rapid and hard thrusts, I felt his cock swell unleash his seed deep in my ass.
Carla then turned to a freshly showered Ron who'd been watching and kissed him.
"Let's get cleaned up," Taylor said, extending a hand to help me off the bed.
With clenched cheeks, I followed Taylor into the bathroom.
As I sat on the toilet to...uh...drain. Taylor started the shower and got in.
Once I was done, I watched Taylor as I waited my turn in the shower.
"You going to join me, or what?" he asked.
I didn't need to be asked twice. I got in with him and soon our soapy bodies were pressed against each others as we washed both ourselves and each other.
I loved feeling our sudsy cocks rubbing together as we soaped each other.
With a final frot and rinse, we dried off and went back out to see what Ron and Carla were up to.
It was quite a sight. Carla was on her back with her legs on Ron's shoulders as he...There's no other term to use...was absolutely plowing her pussy.
When I left the bathroom, my cock had been half hard from playing with Taylor in the shower. A few minutes, standing behind them watching Ron's hard cock driving in and out of Carla's pussy...The way his ass flexed on each thrust...Her juices oozing out from around his cock and trickled down to her butthole...The way his balls slapped against her as they fucked....I was hard and stroking.
"You have to do it," Taylor told me as he stroked his equally hard cock.
His erection bobbed up and down as he walked over to the nightstand and grabbed the bottle of lube. Ron slowed his pace as Taylor stopped beside them, his cock close enough to Carla's face for her to take him in her mouth and start sucking.
"Davis needs to fuck you," Taylor told Ron before kissing him.
"Uhhh," Carla uttered in a pouty tone when Taylor pulled his cock away from her mouth.
"Don't worry, I'll bring it right back," Taylor said in a soothing tone as he waved his dick at her. "Now give it a kiss."
"You better," Carla said before planting a kiss on the tip.
Ron stopped thrusting in and out of Carla as Taylor reached between his cheeks and spread the lube around his ass. Turning towards me he coated my cock with lube and positioned me behind Ron, pressing against his hole.
"Let him do the work," Taylor instructed.
Ron moaned as he backed himself towards me, the head and first couple of inches of my cock sliding into him. He stopped for a few seconds before thrusting forward into Carla. He backed up again and half of my cock was now inside him.
"Looks like you two are doing great," Taylor joked. "I need to get back to Carla...she's so impatient."
Looking down I saw Carla's hand gripping his cock, stroking and pulling him towards her.
It took a few minutes to find our rhythm, finally settling on me pushing Ron into Carla, while they took turns trading Taylor's hard cock back and forth.
The way Carla was rocking her hips, I knew she was grinding her clit against Ron's body. From the moans she was making around Taylor's shaft, I also knew she was very close to cumming.
"Harder," Ron groaned. "I'm gonna cum."
I picked up the pace, pounding my cock into him, hard and fast, the same way he'd done to me.
"Yeah...That's it...."
His ass clamped tight around my cock as he buried his deep into Carla's pussy.
His throbbing cock, filling her pussy with cum, triggered Carla's climax.
The whole scene was more than I could take and in a few short strokes, I was pumping my load in Ron's ass
.
"Put it between my boobs," Carla told Taylor.
Taylor straddled Carla's body as she squeezed his cock between her breasts.
"Oh wow," Taylor muttered as he slid his cock back and forth between them. "That feels good."
"Davis loves fucking my tits," she told him as she licked the head of his cock when it popped out between them. "We'll fuck and after I've cum a couple of times he'll finish off between them...mmmm....I love tasting my pussy on his cock...I love it at the end when he cums all over my face...."
"That's so hot!" he exclaimed as he continued pumping his rod back and forth through the soft tunnel of her boobs.
"Where's your cock, Taylor," she asked him as his breathing began getting eratic.
"Between your boobs." He panted.
"What's it doing?" she asked, giving the head another lick.
"It's fucking your boobs," he answered. "I'm fucking your boobs...I'm...."
The first shot splattered against Carla's chin, the rest ended up between and on her tits and nipples.
"Wanna help me clean up?" Carla asked as she cupped her left boob and licked Taylor's cum from her nipple.
Ron and I headed to the bathroom for a quick clean up. Our shower was uneventful. Both of us were too spent do fool around.
"It's two o'clock," Carla said when we exited the bathroom. "We should go. The boys have an early flight tomorrow."
I agreed and started looking for my pants and shirt as Carla slipped back into her dress.
After hugs and promises to stay in touch, Carla and I headed to the elevators.
"That was an interesting night," Carla said once we were on the elevator and the doors closed.