Waffle house really was some place that you ended up, never some place that you planned to go to. If you were planning on going somewhere to eat breakfast food iHop was far better, and the town had finally gotten its own location of the chain last year. Even Perkins would have been better, but this particular night, after this particular shitty concert, after this particular incident of her shitty friends ditching her, Sam was at waffle house.
This was the absolute last time that she was going to do this. Stuck in Plattsburg, MO for her whole life she'd been following around the same girl for the last 7 years; through most of high school and all of college. She'd become friends with Jessica when she was in high school because she'd been a closeted bisexual teenager and she replaced romantic relationships with intense codependent friendships. As luck would have it Jes was also bi, but she'd dated literally everyone else BUT Sam and it was time for this all to end.
She'd gone to a concert she hadn't been interested in, dressed up cute and slutty, and been subtly excluded from the pictures and ditched at waffle house. All for nothing since a year before finishing her degree Jes had gotten pregnant then married then divorced and now was in an on again off again relationship with a local tattoo artist. Literally Jessica's high school dream, one she'd shared with Sam during one of their many adventures in body modification in their time since turning 18. Now Sam was truly starting to realize that Jes was kind of a townie loser who only cared about herself, demanding to be the center of attention even as Sam got her nipples pierced (though to be fair, Sam had just been trying to get Jes's attention with that stunt herself and had taken the barbells out within a year). Seven years wasted on a girl who honestly had probably only ever dated girls as an attempt at getting attention. In all those years Jes had also stolen all the boys that Sam had ever had an interest in or a chance with.
She sighed, staring down at her waffle and sausage, following girls like Jes around is how you ended up stuck in your home town, single, horny and at waffle house at 1:30am on a Saturday night. It was time to cut the cord on that friendship. Sam was finally at the point in her life that she liked her job and her little apartment, so maybe she wouldn't leave town, but it was time to start getting laid and make some friends with hobbies, skills, and interests.
Matt had ended up at waffle house. Again. He really needed something to change in his life because this was not working. In high school he'd shown a lot of promise. He'd been a star athlete, had gotten a scholarship to play basketball in college, he'd left town for long enough to get a mostly useless degree, win some championships for his school, experience college town life and then come back when his father was dying. He'd turned down a chance at playing on a professional team to help nurse his father back to health and he'd failed at that. Now he was hanging out with his high school friends and going to waffle house, just like he was 17 years old again. Except he was in his 20's, and before he knew it, he'd be in his 30's and he couldn't still be doing this at that age.
His friends were nice enough guys, Matt had been very popular in high school and he'd set an example of kindness which they'd been forced to follow if they wanted to keep being part of the in crowd. A decade later and the lesson had stuck; he should be receiving thank you cards from their girlfriends and wives to be completely honest. He'd made a big stink about respecting women and he'd taken an active oral interest in all his high school girlfriends that he'd bragged about to his friends (he wasn't completely wholesome, sometimes you wanted to tell everybody in the locker room how you were the first one to make a cheerleader cum) and he'd started a trend of it.
The problem was they didn't really get him; and they kept people who did get him away. He'd dated cheerleaders and played sports and gone to house parties, but really he would have enjoyed being on the debate team and fucking the nerd girls with glasses, the ones who had big tits because they were kind of chunky, fat asses to jiggle around, the ones that read books in the back of the classroom and got excited to go to philosophy club meetings. Something about a huge ass and a librarian vibe really got his dick hard. But historically, it hadn't gotten his dick WET.
He remembered asking Brittany Newell to go out and being harshly and immediately rejected, told he was an asshole for playing a prank on her as she glanced around to see if any of his friends were around waiting to jump out and mock her. She'd wiggled her fat ass and frizzy hair out of his life, dragging her golf bag behind her. He felt like nothing had changed in the time since. Except now he wasn't getting consolation cheerleader sex now. All the cheerleaders had either gotten pregnant or gotten out of town, moving to Kansas City to start careers as real estate agents.
He worked as a personal trainer/manager at the local rec center, volunteered to coach youth basketball and lived in the same house he grew up in, that he now also owned since his father's death. He enjoyed it, but it was essentially high school 2.0 and he needed a change.
As he stepped into the waffle house, trying hard to ignore the filthy open kitchen and abject misery on the faces of the employees he glanced around to find a booth to sit in and saw the change he needed. She looked familiar and with a little searching he realized they'd gone to high school together, though he'd never paid her much attention, she had looked a little different then, a little blander maybe. She was certainly his type now. A type that even in college he'd never managed to score with. She'd put on weight since high school, he'd have to wait until she stood up but he was pretty sure she was sitting on a round ass. The dress she was wearing made it clear she had some world class tits. She had on a ton of eyeliner and lipstick, which was smeared at this point in the night. She looked like a bit of a mess, she also looked like a lot of fun. Her arms were scattered with tattoos running down both, when he glanced down further he saw her legs were fairly well covered in ink also. Her dark brown hair was long, wavy and frizzy and she wore huge glasses; seventies nerd glasses, like something from a teen movie.
He was charmed to notice that she wasn't wearing heels, at 6'5 he was used to his dates wearing them, toddling everywhere like baby deer and complaining about their foot pain. As an athlete he wasn't really a fan of footwear that basically crippled the wearer, he also liked that she looked close to him in height. He didn't really remember how tall she was in high school, but clearly she'd had a growth spurt in several directions since then. If he was remembering right, her name was Samantha.
He picked the booth next to her, and his friends all fell into step with him. He wasn't really sure what the best game plan would be here, he suspected that he might need to gently rid himself of his friends if he wanted to make a move on her. Since he hadn't noticed her around, he assumed he'd have to make a move tonight, here and now, or risk losing his chance. They ordered their food from the only waitress in the waffle house, the only waitress he had even seen working here in all his time coming, and he set about trying to come up with a plan ignoring his friends' typical chatter.
Well, well, well, Sam thought to herself, the answer to all my questions just walked in. Matt Powell had been a big fucking deal in high school. She'd personally never been in to him back then, her confliction about her attraction to both men and women had really put her on the side of femme men attraction wise. However as an adult she found men that could physically beat her the most attractive. She didn't want to be beaten, but she preferred the idea of men who decided not to hurt her much sexier than men who were simply unable to hurt her. Matt definitely fell into the category of men that could physically overpower her. At 6 feet tall and a fair amount of pounds, much of which was muscle, that was kind of a tall order.
Plus she was feeling loose and risky. They'd been smoking weed and drinking at the concert before they'd ditched her. Now her inhibitions were lowered and she had something to prove. She thought back to Jes in college telling her going without sex was easier for Sam because she hadn't experienced it, whereas it was so so hard for Jes because she'd had sex before and needed it. She'd claimed Sam simply couldn't understand before insisting yet again that her crush on the new guy took precedence over Sam's interest in him. Sam remembered Jes talking about Matt a few times, theorizing about how big his dick was mostly. Popular preppy athletes weren't really in the realm of interest of the kind of goth, kind of punk weird queer girls, but Matt had been noticed by everyone, including men and teachers.
He'd be an excellent starter, Sam thought. Fuck the most popular boy from your high school to get high school out of your system, half a decade too late, and then move on to other trophies. He probably did have a big dick. Honestly at that height and build and level of confidence he probably had a huge fucking cock. The kind you didn't really need skill to make sex good with, you could just put it inside you and work around it until it gave your pussy something to spasm against.
"Fuck it. Get some."
Matt was lost in thought, suddenly unsure of how one even made a move on a girl who looked that defensive and prickly when he thought he heard someone say "Fuck it. Get some." Immediately after being pulled from his zoned out state he realized the focus of his thoughts had gotten up and started stomping over to him. Each irritated stomp made her huge tits bounce and jiggle which took some of the sting out of the aggressive look on her face. Was she mad that he'd been staring at her?
"Hi. My name is Sam. We went to high school together." Oh, Sam, short for Samantha. The boy's name made her even cuter as far as he was concerned. He'd always liked girls with names like Charlie or Alex. "Would you like to go to your car and fuck me?"
That certainly shocked him out of his thoughts about her cute boy's name. Was this a prank? She'd been here alone and had no way of knowing he'd be here though. Plus this kind of prank wouldn't really make her look good. If anything it kind of made her look like a trashy slut. He hoped the impression she was giving off was correct because a tall fat angry trashy slut was exactly what he'd been looking for.
"Yes?"
"Is that a question or a statement, Mattie?" She leaned forward and put her palms down on the table, dangling her tits in the face of everyone at the table. One eyebrow was arched perfectly; she pulled her face into a mean sneer. His dick got a little hard.
"Are you trying to turn a yes into a no?" He shot back. He'd never been able to arch just one eyebrow himself. He'd practiced in the mirror a lot in high school but it had never worked. Instead he gave her a half smile and cocked his head to the side to accompany the question. He wasn't really sure what the game they were playing was, but if she was offering sex then he was definitely accepting.
"Lead the way to your car, basketball boy." He wondered if she was going to keep being this mean all night. Being mocked didn't really do it for him sexually, but he was enjoying the banter. It was like a movie, but finally one that was different than the high school sports movie that he was used to being in all the time. He took a deep breath, willed his semi away and stood up. As she turned to allow him to get in front of her he caught a peak of her ass. He had been right. It was a really round, really fat ass. The semi was back.
Part of him couldn't believe he was ditching his friends like this but they'd known each other long enough that he was certain they'd be okay with these circumstances. He sauntered out of the waffle house, trailing a mean looking frizzy haired goth librarian looking slut, it was a strange fantasy to have, and an even stranger one to come true, but here they were.
They walked through the door into the muggy heat of a Missouri summer night. Stars glittered overhead, nothing interesting or bright enough nearby to obscure them. His truck was on the other side of the parking lot; they walked to it in silence, both of them contemplating the situation and what they'd gotten themselves into as they walked. Once they reached it she looked unsure and hesitant. She reached out and let her hand hover over the tailgate, almost as if she was going to open it and climb in.
"Do you really want to fuck in the bed of my truck?" His dick gave a nice tingle at the words. He definitely wanted to fuck in the bed of his truck. She didn't look so certain though and that made him a little worried, uncomfortable even.
"Yes! I asked you to, didn't I? Maybe you're the one who doesn't one to." She drew herself up to her full height, still shorter than him but impressive nonetheless, she laid one hand down onto the tailgate, clearly having made her decision and looked into his eyes, challenging him. He laid his hand over hers and lazily slid it up just enough so he could wrap his fingers around her wrist; he leaned in close, staring back into her brown eyes which were almost black in the dark.
"Oh, I want to. I just think that maybe we want to drive somewhere else, where all the customers of a waffle house won't be watching me fucking rail on you." He smirked. She'd taken a sharp intake of breath when he'd wrapped his fingers around her wrist, he marked that in his mind for later, he assumed she would enjoy being held down. He was getting very close to fully hard at this point. With the hand not wrapped around her wrist he palmed her breast gently. Her eyes went wide. He couldn't be sure because it was so dark but he thought her pupils had dilated.
"I think they've seen worse things at the waffle house." She said it in a husky voice; it made it come across like a threat almost. She moved forward slightly to press her breast more firmly into his palm, the nipple hardening. Well two could play this game; he moved his hand slightly to one strap of her halter dress and then under it. Sliding from the top slope of her bare breast, then over the nipple and then hefting the weight of the bottom curve into his hand, gently squeezing and using his thumb to flick back and forth over her hard nipple.
"I think it's more likely that they've never seen anything as good at the waffle house. I'll fuck you in this parking lot if you want, we can pull under the street light so they get a real good view of that world class ass if you want, but I feel like you might be a little more comfortable somewhere else." He had stepped forward as he was speaking and put his hand on her hip, gently beginning to bunch the fabric up in his hand lifting the skirt to reveal more of her fleshy tattooed thighs.
"Wow, you really think a lot of your own ass," he laughed but pinched her nipple warningly at the same time. He enjoyed the banter, suspected that she would be really funny if he talked to her more, but deflecting the compliment would only make it take longer to get her comfortable. "But you're right; I think I would prefer to go someplace else. Did you have a spot in mind, and maybe something soft to lie on?" That was more like it.
"You're the something soft to lie on, but I have some blankets in the cab of the truck, too. As for a place to go I have some ideas, Park Ridge would be nice this time of night," it was where everyone had gone to have sex in high school, "but we could also just go back to my house, I keep it clean and don't have roommates."
"No, I definitely want to have sex in your truck," her reply was completely sincere and his cock gave a pleased throb. "Park ridge sounds perfect. I never got a shot at that in high school, could be fun to try it now."
Matt was ridiculously hard at this point. He'd bunched her skirt up to past her underwear and she hadn't protested, simply squeezed her thighs tight together. In the dim light the flush on her cheeks and tits was still visible and he thought he could see a damp spot on her panties as well when he glanced down. It was fucking incredible luck that all this was coming together. She looked at him to gauge his response and he yanked her body to his, wrapping the hand that had been pulling her dress up around to her ass mostly bare under her dress in a thong, and kissed her, sliding his tongue between her surprise parted lips. He made it gentle but insistent and after a second she kissed back, hesitantly teasing his tongue with hers.
He pulled back, grinning widely at her taking his hand out of the top of her dress and used his hand still on her ass to direct her to the passenger side of his truck. He unlocked and opened the door for her and helped her in. She made a big show of adjusting her dress, lifting her skirt and flashing her panties, which were visibly damp under the dome light, and adjusting the straps of the dress, giving him some sweet peeks of her nipples and heavy breasts.
"Wait, I thought I was driving." That startled a laugh out of him as he focused back on the task at hand, which was getting her someplace semi-private and fucking her as hard as possible. Tonight was shaping up to be an awful lot of fun.
As Matt shut the door Sam was starting to question what she'd just gotten herself into. She was pretty sure it was a good thing but she didn't know this fucker from Adam and he was so big and strong. And she was going to a second location with him. I mean, on one hand she was soaking wet, she could feel the slide of her clit against her labia with every movement. One kiss and some nipple teasing had that effect, what would more have on her?
She could hardly believe that she'd let him bare her panties and her ass to the waffle house parking lot like that, but she was glad as fuck she had, that was a fantasy she hadn't realized she'd had. She honestly had paused to consider letting him fuck her in the bed of the truck right there, right in front of his friends, who had never paid her any mind in high school; in front of the indifferent eternal waffle house waitress. Potentially in front of her friends if they ever followed through on their promise to meet her here tonight. The idea had been really appealing. Had she always been into the idea of public sex? When she was younger she'd come across an amateur porno that was a middle aged woman cumming on a sybian while a group of other middle aged party goers watched and adjusted the speed of the vibrations while she squealed. Sam had cum hard and fast and had never been able to find the video again no matter how hard she looked.
Maybe she'd always had this desire. She was so excited to explore it tonight that she was risking being murdered practically; though Matt was a good catholic boy who had gone to the same church as her family, had attended the same catholic preschool as her as well. She doubted this was going in a bad direction, but it amazed her how easy it was to throw caution to the wind when you were super horny. And fuck was she horny. So much so that absentmindedly she had pressed her hand to her crotch, giving her clit some of the pressure it desired as she thought about when she had bashfully broken eye contact with Matt and glanced down. She'd noticed the thick long bulge in his jeans. He definitely had as big of a cock as she had been imagining. She had slipped a finger between her pussy lips through her panties as she thought, feeling the incredibly slick wetness there, feeling how swollen and puffy her clit and pussy had gotten.
"Fuuuuuck," she was shocked out of her thoughts by Matt speaking, he was alternating between staring between her legs where her hand had migrated and the road; spending much more time looking between her thighs than at the road. That was it, all caution finally thrown to the wind. If he was going to murder her then it was worth it. Other people died to get fucking selfies, she was willing risk death to get herself fucked.
"Eyes on the fucking road big boy, get us where we're going safe and you'll get a view of it up close and personal," she set her hand high on his thigh and squeezed. There was a whole lot of muscle there and it was all rigidly tight. "Relax," she cooed at him, trying her hardest to be sexy, "We have plenty of time." She moved her hand higher up and pet the thick hard ridge in his jeans, gentle and then firmer when he grunted. He leaned back to give her more access and she used it to unbutton and unzip his pants. Being gentle she released as much of his cock as she could from his boxers and jeans. He was completely hard and throbbing, even bigger and thicker than she had fully expected. She wanted it in her mouth but she gave it a few experimental strokes first. His breath was hard and fast, she imagined his heart was pounding. She felt a hot wet gush between her legs as her clit throbbed in response. She reached behind her neck and untied the straps of her dress and released her breasts to the air, evening them up exposure wise and then dropped her head to his lap taking just the tip of his cock between her lips.
He gasped at the touch her tongue. She eased more of him into her mouth, trying both not to be greedy and not to be sloppy this early and he started to curse. She wrapped both hands around the shaft and sucked gently on the tip, sliding her mouth up and down as she drew circles on the soft skin of his dick with her thumbs. She was incredibly wet at this point, which she was grateful for because she thought it was going to be a real stretch to get this monster inside of her cunt which was very tight.
"Slow down, baby," Sam was surprised and pleased at the endearment, "We've still got a couple of minutes before we're there and this isn't how I want to cum and you're getting me really close." His voice was so husky as he said this that she wriggled in her seat in the wave of arousal that came over her.
"How do you want to cum?" She briefly removed his cock from her mouth to look up at him sweetly and ask the question. He glanced away from the road down at her and groaned.
"I want to cum in your tight pink cunt, obviously."
Matt was going to wreck his fucking truck if she didn't ease up. It had been a while since he'd had his cock sucked, not absurdly long but long enough that he couldn't fully remember if it had previously felt this fucking good. He was using his right hand to gently stroke and scrape her back with his finger nails, the scrapes turning into scratches occasionally when she flicked her tongue over his tip and around his foreskin. After what had felt like years he finally pulled up to the lookout point in their town, which was mostly empty except for a few other cars all respectfully scattered far apart from each other.
It looked out over an industrial area of town, that he assumed had been pretty once, but wasn't anymore. You certainly didn't come up here to look at the 3 chemical plants and the pork processing plant. It was at best kind of nice to be able to look out at the grid of the city and see all the activity from high up. This late at night there was nothing to be seen except the waffle house they had just left. It didn't matter in the slightest because there was only one thing he wanted to look at right now.
He gently tugged her hair to get her mouth off his cock while he set the parking brake and turned the engine off. He took several deep breaths, he had been right on the edge of shooting into her mouth and what a fucking waste that would have been. She had clearly wanted to tease him right at the edge and he had let her because he was essentially powerless to stop her. He pressed his forehead against the steering wheel, still practicing some deep breathing.
"Grab the blankets and get into the bed of the truck. Take your fucking clothes off. Get ready, I'll meet you back there in a second," he said without lifting his head from the steering wheel. He couldn't look at her with her tits hanging out of her dress and her lipstick smeared from kissing him and sucking on his dick if he wanted to get himself under control and back from the brink. She got out and he assumed did as he asked.
He gave his dick a squeeze and considered if it was possible to get it back into his jeans for the walk to the bed of the truck. He came to the conclusion that it wasn't possible and opened the door, dropped to the ground and circled around to the tailgate. She had laid out the blankets in the middle of the bed of the truck and was naked now, on all fours smoothing the blanket flat. He sighed, this wasn't going to last nearly as long as he had hoped it would. He climbed into the bed of the truck and pulled the tailgate shut behind him. As the truck moved under his weight she looked back at him over her shoulder and grinned a big goofy grin at him. His dick throbbed and twitched in response to the open look on her face, drastically different from what she had looked like when she had approached him and asked him to fuck her.
He knee walked over to her and pushed her flat to her belly and then flipped her over. She yelped but looked like the display of his strength had turned her on. Pressing her hips down to keep them from bucking he shoved his face into her pussy, licking first around the lips in an oval before laying his tongue flat against her clit; sliding it downward against her clit and then inside of her hot sweet cunt. She gasped and her hips struggled against his hands but he was stronger and won that contest. He pulled his tongue back from inside her and began to trace hearts around her clit with the tips of his tongue. She was moaning and cursing but he could barely hear her over the blood rushing in his ears. He had wanted to tease her, play with her for a while but his erection pressed between his belly and the blankets felt close to blowing as he sucked and licked at her. He privately hoped this wouldn't be a onetime thing. He had a feeling that he would really like this girl if he got to know her, and he hadn't even begun to explore all the options with her, and certainly wouldn't be able to this night.
He grasped his shirt behind the collar and yanked it over his head flinging it aside, he kicked his shoes off and then followed suit with his pants and underwear. He pressed his face back to her cunt, fully naked now. Her hands moved into his hair mussing it up and gripping it as he lapped at her pussy.
Giving her swollen adorable little clit one final kiss he rose up onto his knees and wiped at his face with the back of his hand, she was dripping wet, smeared all over her own thighs and his face. He moved up between her thighs and rounded down, kissing both nipples, briefly sucking them into his mouth and giving them gentle bites as he jiggled her tits in his hands. He could spend several hours just playing with those, he needed more time. Then he kissed her again, a sweet and happy thankful kiss. If this did only happen once it was still going to remain one of his hottest memories and he was grateful to her for throwing the opportunity in his face. Bracing himself with one hand he used the other to stroke against her face and deepen the kiss and then he reached down, lined his cock up and slammed into her while maintaining the kiss. She was tight as fuck despite how wet she was and he slid in about half way. He held himself there while kissing her, slipping his tongue into her mouth to mirror his cock.
He thrust his hips gently, taking her moans and gasps and whimpers into his mouth as they kissed. After a while he had finally slid in up to the hilt. His pubes rubbing against her clit. He began to thrust in earnest at this point. Regardless of how much more he wanted to do to her he was too close to cumming and his cock wasn't willing to tolerate much more teasing. She placed her hands on his shoulders as he sped up and stalled him, though. He gave her a questioning look, he hoped he hadn't misinterpreted her reaction.
"I want to be on top." He let out a relieved laugh at the adorable way of alerting him to what she wanted. He'd prefer to be in control, doggy style was his typical preference during sex but he suspected he would enjoy this more if he let her take the lead. She'd been right about everything else so far. He quickly tensed his core and flipped them without pulling out of her. She giggled at the flip, "I wasn't expecting that to be how we coordinated that."
While he was willing to follow her lead he wanted to watch her ass as she bounced on his cock. It was a hard decision between watching her face and her tits bounce but he made it and pulled at one hip while pushing at the other to indicate what he wanted from her. She made the turn, keeping him mostly inside of her, laughing at her own awkwardness while his dick throbbed out a reaction to how sexy he found her. Finally situated, she wiggled her ass and hips down meeting him pelvis to pelvis. She took a second to get her feet under her but once she did she started riding him with ease and skill while he observed her ass, kneading it between his hands as it bounced and jiggled. She was moaning, clearly close, bracing herself with one hand between his slightly spread legs she moved one hand between her legs and rubbed her own clit, rubbing the underside of his cock at the same time.
He groaned, he was so close; suddenly her rhythm changed, she fell out of rhythm altogether as her cunt constricted on his dick, spasming around it so tightly. She let out several whispery little gasps, unexpectedly sweet sounds for her orgasm, and he went over the edge, pulling her down fully so she was seated on her knees. He came inside her as she whimpered, he couldn't hear her fully because she was so quiet and his ears were practically ringing but he thought she was praising him for cumming inside her.
Suddenly a bright light was flashed into his eyes. He blocked it with his hand to be able to see past it to the cop holding the flashlight. Sam wriggled her hips down onto him and he squeezed her ass in response.
"I thought I smelled bacon," she murmured in a husky fucked out voice and then she laughed. Matt was pretty sure he was going to marry this crazy slut.