'I told you that shade would look beautiful on you,' she said, looking over my shoulder at my reflection in the bedroom mirror.
The blue of the lace knickers and bra matched the colour of the sky outside. Beginning to cool as the sun dipped towards the waves out at sea. My cheeks were still red from the salt flavoured breeze that surfed in on them. It whipped more than our coat tails when we had dashed back to our boutique hotel. After a day exploring the nooks and crannies of the seaside city on the East Sussex coast. And exploring each other.
I'd be lying if my cheeks were flushed just because of the wind. Their rosiness wasn't purely down to her stripping off not only her coat as soon as we returned either. I discovered, after daydreaming about it all day, that she was wearing a pretty matching set, which complemented her pale skin. And her body. Knickers cut high showing the best of her hips atop long, shapely legs. Their sheer surface revealing a dark triangle in the centre. Boobs straining against the coverings on top. Large nipples on wide areolas looking like they were about to slice right through. Nor could I totally blame the predicament of standing in today's undies in front of her.
The smile that formed on her soft lips told me I chose well that morning. She was a lady while I slipped out of them. Turning away to unwrap the new set we had brought earlier. I stood there proud. Naked. My body leaner than hers but it still stopped her in her tracks momentarily. I think what topped off the blush on my face was simply her. Her warm breath on my neck. Her bare skin close to mine. Her delicate touch as she took great care dressing me.
'I'm glad I listened to you. You've got great taste in lingerie.'
'Not just lingerie,' she quipped.
I watched her in the mirror. Enjoying her eyes explore my body like how we had explored The Lanes before ending up at our suite for the night. Our nest handpicked by her for the occasion. I always stay here when I come, she had told me earlier. Her hands made minute adjustments to the fit of my knickers and bra. An excuse to touch me close there, I wished she'd move them closer, but she stayed carefully away. Very ladylike. Or a massive tease. Either way the tentative trespassing was certainly not prohibited. While I could've flashed the green light I thought this hidden shyness cute.
'I guess our men will be wondering what's taking so long.'
'I guess they will,' she replied, making no move to move her hands from my body
'I didn't choose that set you're wearing simply for the men to enjoy,' she revealed. 'I've been dying to see you strutting about in it all day.'
Strut, I did, as I walked the length of the bedroom. It was narrow but long. Long enough for a king sized bed in each end and ample room in between. Although there was only one bed with the dresser and bathroom at the opposite end. I felt as if I was on a catwalk. Walking to the end of the room up next to the head of the bed. Hips swinging. Neck burning from her stare. I held my head high, shoulders back, turning around to return. She was leaning up against the edge of the dresser. Her gaze firmly below my chin like the gaze of all the men whose heads I turned that day. It took a great deal of effort not to run.
'That's far enough.'
I stopped at her command. Halfway back right next to the floor to ceiling window. It's width covering the middle third of the wall.
'Turn to the side. Your profile is divine in that set.'
The sky outside was dark now. The sun had sunk without a trace. No flotsam or debris to mark its watery grave. Our room at the top of the hotel sat like a lighthouse. Its illumination a warning to the ships out there. A warning to the cars and people passing on the promenade below. One she made me choose to ignore. I couldn't flee against the current even if I wanted to. If they looked up at this beacon they'd see. I stole a glance down to check.
'The sea would say its view is beautiful too.'
She had crept up behind me. I wasn't the only one in silent heels. Her hand brushed away the hair from my neck. She was as quick as one of the waves below. Her mouth nuzzling my neck shocking me better than the coldness of the sea in March. Her arm circled my waist. Skimming across the smooth satin of the panties. Pulling me back into an embrace. I gripped her hand on my hip. With the other I reached around and clawed at the flash left uncovered by her thong. Clawing the way the waves clawed at the pebbles littering the beach below. Trying to pull them into its undertow from which they'd never escape.
She slipped her free hand between my legs. Applying a circular touch that felt mesmerising through the satin. She was as rhythmic as the beat of the sea. Each heartbeat sending showers of spray into the sky. Still they came on. The waves relentless. I threw my hand against the window. Steadying myself. The pebbles on the beach were slick. Glistening in the moonlight. They were soaked time and time again. I began to hear their crashing in my ears. The roaring increasing with each slap of sea against shore. Slap, slap, slap. Making my legs feel weak. Soon it drowned out my moans.
I saw a shape form ominously on the horizon. On the edge of the moonlight. It grew as it drew nearer. Larger than all the waves that had come before. I gawped at its size. Clenching my muscles for the hit. Waiting. Knowing it's arrival was imminent. Holding it all in. Even for the last few seconds. Before the one almighty wave smashed into the beach. Erupting a scream sprayed high into the sky of the room. It hung there frozen in time. Fading slowly as if blown away by the soft sea breeze. Until it was just a memory.
'We are now approaching Brighton station where this train terminates,' said the recorded woman on the tannoy, bringing me back from the memory to the present. I grabbed my holdall. Surprisingly heavy considering the little dainty things filling its belly. The smallest of small unmentionables were all I needed for the weekend. They guided my way better than any map. Our black magic conjured on that first night had cast a permanent spell on them. And me. Guiding my way back to the lighthouse overlooking the shore.