A/N: Starting to realise that a storyboard might be in order, but hopefully you'll understand why this isn't written like a well-planned series, and more of a loose connection of scenarios I find hot. I promise to work up to an actual sex scene.
Also, I got really stuck on trying to write a female orgasm scene, feel free to hum with suggestions.
********
Madelyn walked along with a spring in her step, and my eyes bounced up and down with her as we left the pool. There was no denying her beauty and appeal, my eyes were practically glued to the state of her clothes. Our little antics at the swimming pool had left her in an absolute state, and she was proudly showing off the aftermath to any unfortunate passers-by. Her hair was slowly drying, but with clumps and strands sticking out from the cum in her hair. Her clothes were not much better, her unzipped hoodie still showed off her swimming top, splattered all over with cum, little pale dots and streaks slowly forming as it dried out. I could only imagine the same was happening to her swimming trunks under her skirt.
"Hey, quick, take out your phone and record this." Madelyn tugged at my hand like an excited little child, before turning round to face me. Once my phone was recording, Madelyn flipped her hoodie jacket so that it was resting on her elbows, her cum-streaked top on full display. She brought both hands up to her breasts and started fondling them through the top, the tight fabric holding them in place, jiggling in her hands as she massaged them. She then slid one hand down her stomach, the other down her side, and pushed down on the waistband of her skirt, just low enough so that the top of her bush was showing.
I was wrong about her keeping on the swimming trunks. She was walking with breeze.
Madelyn let out a cheeky giggle before turning back round and taking my hand, though not before leaning over to make sure I had taken the video properly. "Oh yeah, that's hot." She slithered her arm around mine as we continued to the station.
"I have to say, Madelyn, I'm starting to think that you're a lot dirtier than you normally let on."
"I mean, obviously, can't really go around the office like a raging whore, dummy."
"I was thinking more of how you're normally quite prudish in the office."
"Well, now you know I'm not. I like it rough, and you'd better live up to my expectations..."
"Try me."
"Tell you what, let's take a detour, I know a toy store nearby, let's grab a few things there to help us along."
"Sure, or maybe we'll find yours." To be honest with myself, I was a bit taken aback, I had never done much more with a woman other than with a vibrator, everything else had been mostly vanilla, if not a bit rough.
The two of us headed off towards a nearby adult store. The building itself was quite old looking, probably about 50 years old, and the store itself was four flights of stairs up, which graced me with a wonderful view of Madelyn's skirt and lack of undergarments. I opened the door to the store, where a freezing blast of air conditioning greeted both of us. We walked through the shelves of lube, toys, and kinky outfits. "First things first." I muttered, picking up a pack of condoms. "I guess I should've packed some today, but I thought otherwise.
"Well, some might consider it presumptuous if you bring condoms just to go swimming with a lady, but you would've gotten a pass since I've been touching myself silly thinking about you anyways." Madelyn led me towards the dildo section and teased. "You sure you aren't going to be intimidated by a bigger one?"
"Go ahead, just don't blame me when I use it to run you ragged later."
"Thanks. Why don't you take a look at some other toys we might use. I'd feel more comfortable choosing one when talking with another girl."
"Um, sure." I didn't really understand why talking to a stranger, even another girl, would be easier than discussing the choice with a close friend turned lover, but if she felt that was the case, I had no need to intrude. I walked off to the couples toys section, filled with gags and handcuffs, whilst Madelyn approached the young lady behind the counter. I looked at all the toys on display, most of which I had only ever seen in pornos. There were themed handcuffs with police department logos, and fluffy white mink ones as well. Some more extreme tools such as sex swings, latex bodysuits, riding crops, and "romantic hot wax candles"? I was getting a bit lost. I figured I might as well stay with the basics, and picked out some fabric handcuffs and ropes I recognised from... well you know. As I was eyeing some roleplaying outfits, Madelyn walked up next to me, holding something behind her back. "I got my little surprises, is there anything you're interested in?"
"Honestly, I haven't really done much of anything with toys before. I mean, there's rough sex and then there's the kink-based stuff. Not judging, just... I've never done any of it."
"Fair enough, I've never tried the stuff I just got either, just thought that they'd be hot. Just pick one, if it doesn't work for us, it doesn't work, no hard feelings."
"Alright then." I picked out the fluffy handcuffs and a rope harness. "Let's see what we can do with these."
"That's the spirit! Ooooh let's get an outfit! What'd you think, me as a sexy little schoolgirl?."
It was oddly appealing as an idea, thinking of Madelyn as a secondary school student, but it also felt so very very wrong. "Maybe this instead, I think it suits you well." I picked out a beautiful red qipao style outfit, complete with the tight waistline and old fashioned Chinese buttons, made perfect for the occasion by way of high slits that ran up all the way from her legs to just under the side of the chest.
"Ooh, I love that one! Traditional and sexy, perfect! Lemme see..." She rifled through the rack. "The sizes are pretty standard so... This one! Hiya, can I get one in my size?"
******
Madelyn and I stood on the subway towards a nice hotel a few stops away. "I'm not saying I regret doing so, but wearing the swimsuit for this long is starting to get a bit uncomfortable." Remarked Madelyn, a bit louder than expected. "Also I'm starting to smell the cum on me."
I held in a chuckle and pointed out to her, "I think someone might have overheard." A group of teenagers standing together down the train were now shooting furtive glances over towards us, well, towards Madelyn's frizzy hair and streaky top. The boys had eyes as big as dinnerplates, and the girls switched between looks of disgust and shock.
"Awww" chuckled Madelyn, how adorable of them. She picked at her swimsuit top, letting it snap back, sticking to the curve of her breasts, and pinching around her chest to make her nipples poke through. "I bet they won't forget this in a hurry."
"You dirty dirty girl, in front of a bunch of teens? Are you sure I shouldn't just call the cops?" I teased, before taking her in for a kiss. Slowly, she slid one hand down her skirt as she pressed the other one against my chest, slowly sliding down, and cupping my rapidly hardening dick through my pants. "Jesus, Madelyn, really?" She flashed a smile, and continued to rub up against me.
The sudden jolt of the subway car shocked us back to attention as we arrived at our station. We quickly hopped off, chuckling at the sight of the teenagers, their eyes still fixated on us, well, Madelyn.
***
When I entered the bathroom, I was greeted by an extremely erotic Madelyn, standing under the water, leaning backwards with her hair down, using her right hand to play with her pussy. Her left hand was behind her, holding onto the side of the shower. She closed her eyes and bit her lips as she continued to rub herself.
"I thought you wanted to wash your hair first." I joked, taking the shampoo and gently lathering her scalp. Madelyn backed up closer to me, pressing her back into my chest, and her ass against my crotch.
"Mmmmmm... I mean, you're here helping me right? Let me enjoy this." She murmured, continuing to finger herself. I began to shampoo her hair, massaging her scalp and running my fingers through her hair as she slowly grinded against me.
My cock had grown painfully hard, and was straining against her ass. I gave her another spritz of shampoo and leaned down to her ear, whispering, "Oh don't worry, I'll have you in ecstacy soon." I kissed her neck and trailed kisses downwards, brushing my tongue against her earlobe.
Madelyn moaned and shuddered. She turned around and wrapped her arms around my neck, pressing her body against mine. My cock was trapped between us, rubbing against her stomach, so tantalizingly close to bliss.
I lowered one hand to finger her folds, my fingers dancing deftly around her sex. My fingers flicked up and down until they found a bump, causing Madelyn to let out another moan. I hunched over a little to give myself a bit more leverage, and started pushing up against her clit as I massaged her. Madelyn was panting and gasping as I continued to finger her, and continued as I straightened up and turned her around.
Pulling her into me, I wrapped one arm tightly around her, and continued playing with her using the other. Madelyn couldn't do much more than squirm, trying to arch her back as I slowly sped up my touch. I continued on, adjusting my fingers in accordance with the pace of Madelyn's breathing, getting her closer and closer. "ngghhh... fuck, don't stop, don't stop." Madelyn gripped the sides of my thighs, her fingers clawing into me as she shuddered and moaned.
I slowed down my rhythm and put a touch more pressure on her clit, less of a frenzied rubbing and more of a deep massage. Madelyn's panting stopped, shifting to a more resigned set of whimpers and moans, but her body tensed up more, straining against my hold.
"Oh yes, yes, FUCK YES!" burst out Madelyn, snapping forward and keeling over. I went down with her, trying to hold her steady and safe from all the knobs and faucets, All the while not stopping, just slowing down to a gentle tease as she buckled and curled up in my arms.
I waited until she had stopped spasming before bringing both arms around to hug her. "How was that? Its not often I get a girl off with just my fingers."
Madelyn sat up against me, looking up directly at me. "That's not a brag, dummy. But that did feel great."
"Shall we continue this to the bedroom then?" I asked. I was itching to just bury my cock all the way inside her.
"Yes please." she replied, "But let's get you off first so I can dry my hair. Don't want these puppies feeling blue." She gave me a light fondle.
"As tempting as that is... I'd rather get us to the comfort of that queen size mattress before we start this." I nibbled at her ear, whispering. "I'd like you to be comfortable when I mess you up."
"Alright then, I'll show you just how much I can take." She shot back. "Now get out of here so I can dry my hair, I'll never get around to it if you're in here. Fuck, even this is making me wet all over again." She practically pushed me out of the bathroom, without even so much as a towel. "Oh, and pass me that outfit you liked so much, yea?"
******
I played around with the toys we bought as I waited on Madelyn, trying to figure out the fluffy handcuffs and the rope harness. I took out the dildo she chose, and was taken aback. With it in front of me and in my hands, it looked massive, by my guess about 10 inches long, and the thickest part like a coke can. Despite learning to be happy with what I've got, seeing it made some of the juvenile size jealousy resurface. Well, as long as I get to use Madelyn as I wanted, I guess it shouldn't matter if she uses what she wants.
Hearing the hairdryer switch off, I placed the dildo down, and Madelyn came out into the bedroom, the crimson red qipao clinging to her delicate form. The narrow outfit hugged her skinny shoulders, and its tight chest pushed her breasts up and together towards the opening in the middle, showing off her lovely cleavage. The qipao ran all the way down her legs, with a slit on each side that went up to the sides of her chest, revealing a little sideboob and leaving the sides of her hips exposed, the front of the outfit just wide enough to cover her crotch. It fit like a second skin.
"So what do you think?" Madelyn gave a swift twirl.
"Beautiful," I told her, "frankly speechless."
"Oh, come of it, you." She blushed, "Now, are you ready to show me a nice time?"
"What would you like to start with? Maybe this massive friend we just got?" I nodded to the dildo as I walked my fingers along her collarbone, approaching her chest.
"Well, actually..." Madelyn stood at the edge of the bed, and looked up at me with a devilish smile. "I was hoping you'd show me just how much you want me. I'm yours to do with however you want. However. You. Wish."
I moved to stand beside her, and she reached out and grabbed my hand. With our hands interlocked, she placed mine on her stomach, just above her pubic area. I started to rub her soft skin, feeling the gentle curves of her hip and the curve of her waist. She leaned forward, resting her hands on my shoulders, and pulled me into a kiss.
Our lips met, and I felt myself grow hard. My tongue found hers and I kissed her harder. Our tongues danced together, savouring the connection. Madelyn moaned softly into my mouth as we continued kissing, her hands sliding along my back. She broke away from me, and pressed herself against me again, grinding her body into mine. We were both breathing heavily now, and our kisses were becoming more urgent. She pulled away again, and this time wrapped her arms around my neck, pulling my head down as she kissed me. My hands slid under her qipao and around her back, cupping her tiny ass in them, pulling her hips towards me as I continued grinding my erection against her.
She moaned again, then opened my robe and grabbed my cock. I gasped as she stroked me, gently but firmly. Her other hand left my shoulder, and she hooked it around to the back of my neck, pulling me closer as she sucked my tongue into her mouth. I broke the kiss and pulled her up so she could wrap her arms around my neck. She pulled her head back again, looking up at me, smiling.
"Let's start with you, big boy." she whispered, smiling up at me.
Her words sent an electric jolt through me, and I bit my lip hard as she kissed me again. She broke the kiss again, and I felt her hands leave my neck. She slipped her right hand between us, and grasped my cock. She pumped me slowly, and I groaned, starting to feel the rush of pleasure that always came whenever I was touched by her. She slowed down, and I could feel the moisture dripping down the shaft of my dick. She lowered herself so that she was kneeling once more, and I felt the warm welcome of her mouth engulf my tip, but this time in a sloppy, slurpy mess, as if she could barely contain it.
The feeling made me moan louder, and she moaned too, her mouth sucking harder. Then she pulled back and looked at me. She smiled and licked her lips, then took my cock in her mouth again. This time, she sucked with much more vigour, bobbing her head up and down quickly, making me groan. I watched her eyes roll back in her head, and her cheeks hollow as she sucked me deep. She was moaning loudly now, and I felt her throat contract rhythmically around my cock.
She pulled off again, and I cried out as the pressure on my cock subsided. "Your turn," she panted, grinning at me.
I pulled her onto the bed, where I laid down and guided her so that she was on her stomach in between my legs. I placed my hands behind her head, and positioned her over my hard member."Feel free to tap out." I reminded her.
"Don't worry, I know my lim-MMRRRPPHHH."
I pulled her down without warning, forcing as much of my cock down her throat. I couldn't even get half in when I felt her throat resisting, so I started thrusting slowly into her, keeping her head in place as I ramped up my hips.
She gagged slightly, but managed to keep quiet as I pushed deeper and deeper into her throat. I reached down and grabbed a handful of her hair, guiding her to pull her head back as I slammed myself into her. I felt her throat tighten around me, and I was in pure bliss. I started fucking her faster, and she tried to lift her head up, her hands grappling at my thighs as her wails were muffled by my cock.
I thrust into her harder still, and held her in place for a few seconds, trying to get her to take even more, before letting her go. She raised her head and heaved for air, her face a mess of saliva. "You alright there?" I grinned.
"So that's how you like it, huh." She shot back. "I can take a lot more than that, you know."
"I'm happy to oblige. Keep your mouth open this time." I pulled her back down and continued pounding away at her head, this time not going as deep, but instead faster. With Madelyn's mouth open, her muffled wails turned into a helpless rhythm of her sloppy gagging.
"Oh fuck yeah," I groaned as I felt the head of my cock hit the back of her throat. I closed my eyes and let my mind wander, imagining what it would be like if she swallowed all of me, my balls resting against her chin.
I kept pushing forward, until finally, I felt the head of my cock pop past her gag reflex, and I thrust into her throat again. I moaned as I started fucking her throat, and soon I could feel my orgasm building.
I didn't want to shoot my load too soon, though, so I slowed down my pace. My cock slid along her throat, feeling the walls of her throat constrict around it. She moaned quietly as I fucked her throat, and I felt myself getting closer.
I felt her throat close up, and I thrust harder into her, my cock hitting the back of her throat hard. Her throat convulsed around me, and I moaned, shooting my load into her. The first jet went straight up, hitting the roof of her mouth, and I knew that I had just filled her throat with cum. The second jet splashed across her tongue, and the third jet landed in her throat, and I felt her swallowing it down.
Her eyes rolled back in her head, and she collapsed onto the bed as I pulled out of her throat. As soon as I did, I saw her throat spasm, and I knew that she had swallowed every last drop. I smiled as I looked down at her beautiful face, the cum dripping from her chin.
"Fuck that was amazing." I let out in between breaths. "You alright."
"oooughhh. You know, you really are a sick fuck, aren't you?" Madelyn teased back. "How'd you come that much from my throat?"
"What can I say, I'm a sucker for having you gagging on me. The mess on you helps too."
Madelyn raised an eyebrow. "So you like messy girls, huh? Well how'd do you like this?" She used a hand to wipe the cum on her face, spreading it all over her eyes and lips in the process. She licked her lips and made a smacking noise. "You know, I'm down for that, you don't taste half bad anyways. She then lifted the front of her qipao, exposing her crotch and stomach, "Well, I'll oblige you in your throatfucking kink even more later, but first" She used the remaining cum to draw an arrow on herself, pointing to wards her pussy. "I want you to make me scream from down there again."