One Saturday evening I told my wife Karen I had something special planned and she should take a shower. I set her clothes on the bed: a g-string, a lacy bra, miniskirt and a tight-knit top. She was curious, but I told her nothing as we got into the car. When I pulled into the parking lot of a strip club, she looked at me with a mischievous smile.
We've had some wild times together and she's an avid exhibitionist. Although we enjoy finding ways for her to show off her body, for some reason we'd never been to a strip club together until now.
"Are we here as customers?" she asked.
"Sure, although there is an amateur night coming up," I replied and gave her a look.
"Is that why we're here?" she asked with a grin.
"Just consider this a bit of reconnaissance," I said. "No obligations."
The customers were nearly all men and Karen received plenty of looks, even though there was a partially nude dancer on stage. We grabbed a table a row back from the stage.
"You can dance better than she can," I told Karen as I nodded to the stripper.
"I'm not so sure about the pole," Karen replied.
She was obviously considering this, and she wasn't even drunk. The woman on stage was now completely naked and spinning around the stripper pole.
"I hear you have an amateur's night" I said to the waitress as she arrived.
The waitress looked Karen up and down.
"You thinking of performing?" the waitress asked Karen.
"I'm trying to convince her," I replied.
The waitress motioned with her hand and Karen stood up. The waitress looked her up and down, taking her time.
"You've got the body for it, honey, though it's harder than you think," the waitress said.
Karen asked if she had any advice. She really was considering this.
"I can let you talk to some of the dancers if you like," the waitress said.
The waitress took our drink orders and our attention turned to the stage where a gorgeous blonde woman was beginning a striptease. She peeled off a long dress and kicked it to the side.
"That could be you up there," I said to Karen as I leaned over. "Look at their reactions."
The men cheered, hooted and hollered as the woman danced around before undoing her bra. The men cheered some more as she bared her breasts and shook them for the crowd.
"I don't know, honey," Karen replied, shaking her head.
When the woman finished a table opened up near the stage, so we took our drinks closer. Karen received a few appreciative looks as we sat down.
"You dancin' tonight?" a drunk guy next to us asked.
"We're just here to watch," I replied.
He looked Karen over and let out a sigh.
"A stage full of naked women and his eyes are on you," I whispered to Karen.
The next stripper wore a schoolgirl costume, with her long hair in pigtails. The crowd went wild. I signaled the waitress for another round as Karen guzzled down her drink like water.
Karen whistled as the schoolgirl removed her top, followed by her skirt.
"That could be you," I told Karen. She ignored me, for her eyes were on the stripper.
When the stripper removed her last stitch of clothing, she crawled on all fours down the stage. She paused and knelt in front of Karen, shook her breasts and spread her legs to give us a good look at her pussy.
"Like what you see?" I asked Karen as the stripper turned away.
Karen looked at me with an enormous grin. I could tell she was getting really turned on.
After a few more drinks, and a few more performers, I asked the waitress about getting a lap dance.
"The schoolgirl," Karen said as she turned around.
We were taken to a small room and sat on a couch. Our stripper arrived, her schoolgirl costume back in place. She introduced herself as Angel. I asked if she often performed for couples.
"Sometimes," Angel replied. "It's better money, especially since some of the girls don't."
Angel peeled way her clothing as she danced for us, occasionally grinding her ass against my crotch as I groped her body through the clothing. She turned her attention to Karen, who pulled Angel down to her face as their lips locked. Karen reached for Angel's pussy.
"I'm sorry," Angel. "That's not allowed."
I pulled some bills out of my wallet and handed them to her. Angel looked at the closed door.
"We won't tell," I said.
"We're not cops," Karen insisted.
Angel thought this over and took the money from me. Karen buried her face between Angel's breasts and feasted upon them as Angel sighed. I've seen Karen with other women before, though I was surprised to see her go this far with a stranger. Clearly, being in a strip club was a major turn on for my wife.
Angel removed Karen's clothes and they both took turns sucking on each other's breasts. Angel turned and ground her bare ass against Karen's crotch as Karen's hands ran all over the stripper's body.
I moved in close. Angel wouldn't take it any further so I bent Karen over and entered her from behind while Angel fingered herself. Karen and I were so worked up, it didn't take too long before we both came.
After catching our breath, Karen and I got dressed. I staggered out to the main room as Angel took Karen to the back room to meet some of the other dancers.
Several minutes later Karen came out, took me by the hand and we went outside.
"The manager gave me the okay," Karen said excitedly. "I showed him my tits and that was it."
"You're really going to do this, aren't you?" I asked with a grin.
"Just try and stop me," Karen said with a smile. "The winner gets 500 bucks."
We didn't need the money, but I didn't argue with that.