Bill felt all alone in the big city as he moved into a new apartment. He had taken a job at the company's head office. The small apartment on the top floor of a five story block was perfect for him.
The first night he sat on the balcony, drinking coffee, watching distant apartment lights going out one by one. He enjoyed the warm Summer night.
In the silence of midnight something stirred. A faint but distinctly erotic sound filtered through the still air. It was a woman. Bill thought a couple were making love in one of the apartments.
The sound of sex continued but there were no male tones. Bill became curious and stood up to look over the partition separating the adjoining apartment. This was the only apartment he could possibly see into. Both were located on the top floor. The closest other apartments he could observe were far away over the street.
With eyes poking over the partition, to his surprise he discovered a good looking woman only wearing a bra was lying on a deck chair at the far end of her balcony. In the moonlight Bill could see her merrily toying her pussy.
Legs spread, hips rocking in a medium pace fuck rhythm the lady was enjoying herself. She was a slim, shoulder length blonde with delicious smooth skin. She appeared instantly attractive to Bill while using her body for the pursuit of pleasure.
Bill knew she hadn't seen him as she rode along gazing up to the stars. Soon her muffled sighing and panting increased. Her body rocked harder, then shuddered to a delicious climax. She laid motionless for about a minute then scampered into her apartment.
He thought, 'What a good neighbour!' Will have to meet her.' The following afternoon just before dark in lobby mailroom, there she was. She was a private type of woman. The well dressed secretarial type. Bill knew his secret admirer identity was safe.
Bill wondered if she would perform again that night? Then right on midnight she was sensational. She appeared naked and laid on the deck chair and spontaneously began squirting like a fountain over her lovely boobs and face. Her golden shower went on and on. She was directing the flow into her mouth and savouring the salty taste upon her extended tongue. Saturated in warm body fluids she started fingering with abandon. Quickly circling a finger around her clit then plunging two or three fingers in and out of her wide open pussy.
He was so turned on he removed his shirt, took out his cock and stroked at the same tempo as her sloppy hand fuck. The conservative lady he had seen in the lobby, a few hours before, was now furiously fist fucking herself. Bill dared not to move, as she once again laid motionless, trying to catch her breath before scampering into her apartment.
Every night for a week Bill enjoyed secretly perving on her. Then in the lobby they met. Her name was Marion. When Bill announced he had just moved into flat number 15, she said she lived next door. With an inviting smile, she told him it was good to have a man living next door. Bill smiled with joy and excitement.
Bill could not wait to see Marion Masturbate in action again. Bill found himself cumming with ease every time his neighbour was in the throes of orgasm, under his secret gaze. Bill thought how convenient it was that other apartments could not see into theirs. She must have realized this and was taking full advantage of her outdoor setting.
In the midnight Marion Masturbate was living up to the name Bill had given her. She was toying once again. Gripped by the sight and sounds of a masturbating woman, Bill suddenly slipped on the stool he stood on. Like a cat she saw him. He was stabbed with a feeling of being a dirty old pervert invading the lady's privacy.
The peeping Tom kept looking with lumps in his throat. Bill thought she would scamper inside. The lady was looking straight at Bill and continued to masturbate with a knowing smile on her face.
He acknowledged her with a boyish 'wooh!' and she giggled then sighed louder than usual. For a while nothing was said as the lady rode on to a rocking orgasm, without delay, as Bill watched. Not hanging around to relax, she scampered into her apartment.
Bill thought, 'Oh dear what will happen in the lobby next time I see her?' Bill hoped she was an exhibitionist and liked being watched. He became filled with curiosity.
Next midnight Bill was astonished. In the dark his raunchy neighbour was jilling again. This time was a thriller for Bill. She had moved the deck chair almost to the end of her balcony, about a metre from the partition.
She toyed and fingered boldly for her admirer. She whispered to him, 'I like doing this. Helps me sleep better. Hope you don't mind?'
Bill was speechless for a moment before he quipped, Don't mind at all. I love it. You make me masturbate.'
She smiled at him constantly then orgasmed like the goddess of sex, rolling her head from side to side to Bill's enchantment.
Recuperating she asked, 'Did you get off?' 'Yes you made me cum. Thank you sexy lady.'
She quickly returned, 'Mmm! My kind of man!'
The man was captivated with the lady who had fucked herself under his close inspection. She whispered, 'Take the partition down tomorrow. We won't need it. She smiled then scampered into her apartment.
Their relationship got better and better. Midnight desire became their thing. When Bill removed the partition, he was thrilled to notice the deck chair was now right up against the one metre high wall.
Midnight arrived. She was not there. She has lost her nerve. Bill was consumed with disappointment.
Ten minutes later, she appeared in a lacy bra, tiny panties, suspender belt with stockings. Like a model she strutted up to the deck chair in high heels. She whispered in the dark, 'I'm an exhibitionist. Don't tell anyone, she giggled. Thought I'd dress up for you to celebrate the partition coming down.'
Bill was thrilled when she carefully stood on the deck chair and put a leg on top of the wall with a high heel in Bill's balcony. He kissed her nylon ankle and shoe before dropping his shorts to the ground to reveal his cock for the first time.
The lingerie woman held it in her femme fingers with bright red nail colour then masturbated him until he was full size. The moon and starlight were bright enough for him to view her sexy lingerie and pale soft skin. The lady slowly laid down on the deck chair within arms reach of her naked neighbour.
She posed daringly without moving. Her legs spread wide with two fingers holding open her pussy lips. Bill standing at the wall, slowly stroked his rock hard cock to Marion's delight. She positioned her pussy as close as possible to the low wall between their balconies. Her legs spread like doing the splits along the wall. 'I don't care if my stockings ladder. I can buy new ones. You can cum on them if you want to.
Bill replied, 'Oh I'd love to!'
Not just my nylons she quipped. 'Cum all over me. My last boyfriend did that and I loved it.'
Together they reached the pleasure zone and escaped upon erotic wings in the night.
Bill adored Marion's carefree self indulgence. He unleashed ropes of cum upon the lady just as she wanted him to. Sex cream spurted over her shoe, up her nylons, over her belly and lacy lingerie. She smiled and whispered, 'Ooh! Sexy man, sex is better with you!' But you didn't reach my face. Tomorrow night you can give me a facial. Might even invite you over the wall. She kissed him on the lips and scampered into her apartment.
Every night he experienced the eroticism of sperming over or inside his beautiful neighbour. Some times after cock sucking in the still of night, she would let him into her apartment and they would talk until dawn.
'I'm an exhibitionist' she smiled with sperm running down her face and neck. 'I love sex! When I moved in here with my boyfriend, the neighbours complained about the noise while we fucked. No one would live in your apartment. They quickly moved out. Brenda, the landlady doesn't mind. Whenever she desires, she comes to my apartment and I seduce her. She has more toys than me. She regards me as her best tenant. Always a smile and a wink from her.'
'Brenda did object to the cum stains on the carpet. So I promised her all sex would be on the balcony. The tiles are easy to clean. Brenda says as long as I wash the balcony more than once a week, I can get off and piss over it all I like.'
'Some mornings I find pools of piss on the tiles to clean up before I go to work. The balcony is my masturbation den. You are welcome to leap over the wall, golden shower and cum over me and my balcony.'
'Brenda is a sensual lady with a good body. We started the sport of masturbating and pissing over each other on the balcony at night. She now has another tenant as her boyfriend. We had a threesome for a while but he didn't fancy pissing on the faces to two ladies. He just wanted Brenda.'
'I've been without a boyfriend for a year. When he left me I made a vow to make myself cum every day. I've been faithful to myself and not missed one.'
Bill adored the lady's open style. The way she spoke about sex was just as exciting as seeing her sex herself. This well presented, well spoken and well fucked woman was the perfect neighbour for Bill.
He confessed he was a lifelong masturbator and he too aims to ejaculate daily. He said he adores internet porn, especially the ladies getting themselves off. She smiled, 'Your cum loads are what I adore, sexy man!'
She put her finger in the sperm on her neck. Placed some upon his lips. They kissed.