Chapter 03 The Tantric Spiritual Retreat
Preface
Arriving at The Tantric Spiritual Retreat
Your Right to be You
Love & Tantric Sex
Cuddling and Hugging
Soraya and the Truth about Gender Fluidity
We Finally Get to Tantric Sex Techniques
Tantric Massage
Doing Some Late-Night Swotting with Mark
Sadomasochism
Consumed and Devoured by Shakti.
Reflections and Enlightenment 2
The Morning After (Shakti)
The Tantric Spiritual Retreat Last Night party
Preface
Hi, I'm Rachel and this is another instalment in my story about my sex life.
This is Chapter 3 of four and in order to best enjoy it and make sense of it you are strongly recommended to read Chapters 01 and 02 first if you have not already done so. This chapter covers what went on and my experiences at the Tantric Spiritual Retreat that I went to.
Please do not let the title put you off. The theme has nothing to do with spirits and the paranormal; it is about the convergence of sexual energy, with spiritual energy which I have discovered to be a dramatic, intoxicating, and compelling combination which takes sexual pleasure to a whole new level. When I began to take an interest in exploring a spiritual path it seemed to me that spiritual energy and sexual energy are both forms of passion and being alive. Rather than being opposites, they are in fact complementary, or perhaps even the same life force. I have discovered that practicing spiritual sex can elevate sexual pleasure to a truly whole mind and body experience. In fact, I will make some bold claims that spiritual sex can enable sexual energy to go beyond the physical sensations of pleasure and orgasm, to a state of heightened awareness and expanded consciousness. We feel everything more deeply, and you can no longer distinguish between elation, euphoria, ecstasy, bliss and orgasm. I do not expect you to be convinced yet, but I invite you to walk with me through my recent experiences and discoveries of this whole new dimension to sex.
I have been writing about my sex life on Literotica for quite a few years now. In order to best enjoy this latest one, you would be better to read some of my earlier stories first. This latest story will then make more sense if you know more about me and what has gone before.
You can find my five previous instalments under my name of Rachel6. They are best read in chronological order i.e.:
1. Rachel's life As an Exhibitionist
2. Rachel Is Shared
3. Rachel's Exhibitionism Nemesis
4. Rachel Reveals More
5. Rachel Reveals All
The last one 'Rachel Reveals All' combines all of the first four stories into a single novel. Thus in 'Rachel Reveals All' I related most of the interesting sensual and sexual experiences of my life up until my mid-forties.
Arriving at The Tantric Spiritual Retreat
The day had finally arrived! I thought it never would. I drove down with Amy in her car. It was nice seeing her again. It was also nice knowing there would be a few others at this retreat that were at the first one. I was particularly looking forward to seeing Joshua and Mark again. I could not have travelled with Joshua anyway as he was apparently missing the first day and arriving on the Monday evening. I only found that out because he text me to say he could not give me a lift this time. Very unromantic I thought.
Before dinner Sylvia introduced the retreat just like before. She emphasised the importance of the other participants just as she had before. She said that we will get to know the other guests on this retreat very well, and inevitably intimately. Some of them will become new important friends to us. She said she hoped we would find spiritual connection with them and want to keep in touch for ongoing support and affirmation of the spiritual path that we are on. She reminded us that it was like what Buddhists describe as returning to the refuge of the 'Sangha' i.e. the other people you are travelling this journey with. She once again encouraged us to build our own sangha of kindred spirits this week. You do not fully understand what she is on about at the beginning of the week, but you do by the end.
On the Monday morning the day began with a meditation in the temple just like the first retreat. Everyone had been to the first retreat (naturist meditation) before at some time or other so knew what to expect and everyone embraced the naturist format without question. I looked around at all these potential new friends all lying naked on their yoga mats mouthing the words of the meditation and affirmations and felt that I was home again, and this was sure to be another amazing week.
Monday was entirely taken up with sessions to prepare us for understanding tantric sex. There were three sessions in total.
Your Right to be You
After breakfast the first session called 'Your Right to be You' was to be led by Soraya and I knew from the first retreat that she never disappoints, and it was likely to be something very interesting again. I made my way to the temple with a lot of enthusiasm and anticipation.
Soraya was dressed in the same sari that she wore a lot at the first retreat. The rest of us were in our robes as normal. Soraya welcomed us and actually went around the temple kissing and hugging everybody individually and by name. 'Wow!' I thought, 'what a memory!'
She was clearly a very caring spiritual woman. I was always in awe of her. Soraya asked us to all sit down on a yoga mat around the edge leaning against the glass.
When we settled, she began, "This as you know is a spiritual tantric retreat. This first session is to set the scene and help you adjust, if you need to, to a mindset that loves and accepts yourselves as you are, and without any guilt, regret, or repression."
She looked around the room at us, and we all looked suitably sheepish and avoided her gaze and looked at the floor.
"You already have heard at the Naturist Meditation Retreat that you should not think of nudity, and naturism as sexual. It is the most natural thing in the world. It is just our modern cultures that teach us to see it otherwise. It has not always been so. The Romans and the Greeks for example had a healthy view of nudity. You did not find Romans swimming in costumes. If you look at photographs of Victorian bath houses and Turkish hammams the women are always naked. No- naturism is as the word implies natural.
Now before we get going on this tantric retreat and start to play with some tantric methods and practices it will help greatly if you all allow yourselves to be yourselves. You will only get the most out of this retreat if you let yourselves off the leash and behave with confidence and sexual freedom.
So, for a start exhibitionism is fun and you should not feel guilty or weird. I myself am an exhibitionist and I am completely OK with that."
I swear she looked at me in particular at first and smiled. She must have remembered what I had said at my grounding. What a memory!
"Go with what feels fun and enjoyable to you. And if you do raise a few eye brows and give some pleasure and entertainment to others in an otherwise bland world and repressed society -so what!"
'Yes, I thought. Here here'. Soraya was starting to make me feel empowered again.
"We all have equal rights to be who we want to be. And that applies to females, males and any other gender type. I will be talking more about gender fluidity and more varied gender types at a later session. Women who are sexually active, adventurous and curious are no more right or wrong than men doing the same thing. Why is it one rule for guys and one for women? Let's be clear. There are no such women as slags, sluts, whores or tramps and such terms should be banned. Such words used to describe females are extremely cruel, unfair, abusive and bullying. They are the most outrageous sort of discrimination against woman when men who are the same are described glamorously as lads, lotharios or players. Let's be clear that women should be free to enjoy and exhibit their sexuality without judgement from others."
'Oh God! I loved Soraya,' I thought.
Soraya continued, "Similarly whatever is your appetite for sex that is OK. No level of desire is either right or wrong. It is traditionally believed that men have a bigger appetite than women for sex. I think that is probably true especially in later life. In fact, many guys have said to me that it is frustrating being a male because you always seem to want more sex than your partner or wife. That nature has been very contrary in setting it up this way. That guys often are in the situation that they love their partners or wives and do not want to stray but at the same time do not want to come across as too demanding or obsessed with sex."
I thought, 'That is exactly how I feel. I should have been a bloke! Nowadays, I seem to want more sex than my partners. I always seem to have a higher sex drive and harder to satisfy'.
"Finally, we should accept that some women want to be in the role of sexual object. There is nothing wrong or right with this. They want to be played with, objectified, to be the centre of attention maybe of a group. Some women have a deep desire to be made love to in public and watched. This does not make them bad people, and who are we to deny them their desires and cravings."
Every word that Soraya says always made me feel more comfortable about myself and empowered. I noted that she was sophisticated, and cultured and never used crude language herself. Certainly, she never used the word 'fuck'.
"Some women have an appetite for sexual encounters with multiple partners. They are not being coerced or abused. They seek it out for themselves and enjoy it. It takes all sorts and let us really acknowledge that and believe it especially this week on this retreat. And of course, this all applies equally to men as well as women. You are all free to fully be yourselves without fear or judgement from anyone."
Soraya continued, "Right it is now time to introduce yourselves to the others in this group this week. But we are going to play a little game. Put you on the spot a bit but in a fun way. You are all going to introduce yourselves naked and tell us the name you wish to be known by here this week. I also want each of you to tell us one thing about yourself that once you felt ashamed and embarrassed about, but now you feel confident to admit about yourself with pride. You have to say the thing about yourself and follow it by saying and I am proud of it. Finally, you have to tell us one part of your body about which you are particularly positive and like."
Immediately my mind went into overdrive about what I would say about myself, but I soon settled on what it would be.
I looked around the temple and there were 9 women and 7 guys on this retreat. Of these 7 had been on the same naturist spiritual retreat that I had attended. These were me, Shakti, Amy, Carol, Andrew, Victor and Mark.
Soraya asked,"
Who is going to start? "
Nobody volunteered and Soraya said, "Well I will get us going then,"
Just like she did at the first retreat Soraya dropped her sari to the floor, under which she was naked. She looked as stunning and perfect as ever. A veritable goddess. She said, "Hi I am Soraya, and I am an exhibitionist and bisexual and proud of it. I love my flat stomach and abdomen. OK that's all there is to it. Who's going next? Shakti maybe?"
Shakti was very happy to pick up the baton. Shakti slipped her robe off her shoulders, and let it drop to the floor. She was also naked underneath and looked as ravishing as the last time I had seen her. Her vagina was meticulously shaved and hair free. She introduced herself, "Hi I'm Shakti. This is my adopted spiritual name that means the personification of divine feminine creative power. I have a high sex drive and am bisexual, but predominantly lesbian and proud of it. What I particularly love about my body is my long frizzy blond hair."
Good old plucky good sport Victor then stood up. He said, "I'm happy to go next." He carefully removed his robe and folded it and placed it on the floor. He continued, "Hi I'm Victor and seventy years old. I like to masturbate a lot and look at pornography and am proud of it. I particularly like my long slim legs." Everybody laughed.
I thought I may as well get it over with and stood up next. I dropped my robe to the floor exposing my naked body and said, "Hi I'm Rachel and I am an exhibitionist. I like to have sex in public and be watched and am proud of it. I particularly like my perfectly sized and pert breasts which I think are pretty good for a woman my age." Soraya thanked me.
I will not go through what all the others said as it as there is no need. But you get the idea and actually as an ice breaker it worked, and also it set the tone for being your own person with pride.
Oh yes, I nearly forgot! Big news! During this session Amy actually came out and announced she was bisexual can you believe. 'Bisexual and proud' she boldly said. She had never said that before that is for sure. I had had my suspicions. In fact, if you ask me this is just a transitional step to announcing she is a fully fledged lesbian.
One thing I noticed though was that since the previous retreat Mark had shaved his genitals and how much better he looked. I must congratulate him. In fact, of all the seven guys here all but one of them -Victor- had shaved off or at least trimmed his pubes. I so approve of this trend and fashion. I so prefer men's genitals to be shaved. Shaved genitals on blokes are so much cleaner and more hygienic. I increasingly like and expect men to take care of themselves down there just like they expect women to. Nowadays I would hate to encounter an unkempt bush on a man anymore than a man would like that on a woman. It was also noticeable that none of the women was sporting any more than a whisper of pubic hair. Obviously, everyone had had their razors out in preparation for this retreat!
Oh yes again! One other piece of good news was that Andrew told us with some glee and satisfaction that he and Simone who had met at the first naturist retreat you recall were still together and it was still working out. He was though here on his own because apparently Simone had been coming but had to drop out at the last minute due to work. Shame.
Love & Tantric Sex
After a brief coffee break, we carried on with Soraya who was still trying to help us adjust to a mindset that would enable us to get the most out of the retreat. We had all put our robes on again for this session.
We all gathered around the temple again and Soraya dived in. She began,"Now before we get into tantric sex, we need to prepare you with some discussion about the relationship between tantric sex and romantic loving relationships.
"I am particularly talking to the women amongst you, but it will be educational and enlightening to you guys. You must learn not to be fast to want to 'fall in love' and temper the urge to 'fall in love with a man'. Try not to be needy, or in a rush to love or be loved again. Much of how we see a person we have recently met, and do not know well, i.e. a new suitor, is how we want them to be and not who they really are. We tend to idealise them and convince ourselves they do not have the same faults as previous (or current) partners had or have. But actually, e.g. men often ultimately behave quite similarly. They may seem different in the romancing stages, but they are often making a special effort. In reality they may not be that different and remember neither are you. You are still the same person and half of the relationship that was or is unsatisfactory. Tantric sex teaches us to instead be in a hurry to fall in love with yourself. Loving yourself is the foundation to all happiness. Self-love -the love you find in yourself is the greatest love of all.
"I would also remind you that men are programmed to want to 'win' women over, to seduce them, and to 'conquer' them if you like. As a woman do not play this game. Why should it be only men who 'get the girl'. No instead stay open and conscious, and do not suspend critical thinking. Try to prolong romantic tension, flirting, and not be rushing to try to bring it to some sort of conclusion or result.
"The whole business of flirting and seduction is evolving and being affected by wider social change of what behaviour is and is not acceptable between the genders. It is for example becoming increasingly difficult for guys to make the first move in the way that has been traditional in the past. Until a few years ago the majority of couples met at work and before that at dances and discos but all of this is becoming very tricky nowadays for guys. They run the risk of being reported to Human Resources and sacked for sexual harassment if they misjudge a situation at work, and dances where females parade themselves hoping to be asked to dance are now seen as degrading 'cattle markets'. What then can a guy do to bag a woman in this increasingly politically correct world? This is one of the reasons guys now prefer the safety and anonymity of selecting potential mates on line using phone apps. You know then that you are choosing from a pool of partners who are available and there is no embarrassment or potential offence when you are rejected anonymously online.
You need to understand that the results of all these changes is a power transfer to women. It is actually women who now mainly control the start of new relationships forming. Women can still legitimately give off signals that an approach from a man would be favourably received but nowadays these signals would need to be pretty clear and unambiguous. Guys cannot take the risk of being ostracised for harassing or inappropriately propositioning a woman. It is in reality women who now make the running and pick their partners. So, enjoy this new world girls-you now hold all the cards.
"Men have been disfranchised and their role in society greatly reduced such that they no longer automatically have authority over women. Women are now much more powerful in society. They are confidently able to manage their own lives without the help of a man. Men are becoming increasingly redundant in society compared with their traditional roles."
I thought, 'Wow! Strong stuff but all true. It was certainly how I felt. I do find many men are prats to be honest. Not all obviously but a lot of them. I also think that many men are much more comfortable with other blokes doing blokey things-you know football, golf, darts, boozing, etc than they are with women. Increasingly more and more blokes are incapable of looking a woman in the eye when they talk to them. Men often behave macho with a lot of bravado with their mates about their sex lives but in reality, are very uneasy and lacking confidence with real women.'
Soraya continued, "And on another subject no means no. It does not mean maybe, or after a few more drinks, or later. And force is never acceptable unless it is clear that both partners want to play those sorts of games. So, we all have the absolute right to turn down an advance or invitation to partake in any sexual act for any reason that is personal to you. You should never feel guilty about that or go along with something that you do not wish to because you are worried about hurting someone's feelings. This rule applies absolutely this week.
"Equally rejection is not something to be feared or get angry or resentful about. You have no idea what the other person is thinking and their reasons for rejecting you and it should not wound your pride, or hurt your ego."
Soraya continued, "The biggest lesson of tantric sex is learning to become free of grasping for more, rushing to reach a conclusion, and learning to let go of the outcome. The outcome is the outcome. Let go of trying to force it or control the pace at which your play progresses. Do not judge whether a sexual experience has been successful by whether it has resulted in orgasm; instead start to appreciate the pleasure of all sexual interactions regardless of how far they progress, or how rapidly, and where they get to. This is about mindfulness and being in the moment and appreciating the moment without obsessing that you have got to get to a particular outcome or conclusion and quickly! Try to see the pleasure in every moment-even for example when you are just holding your partner's hand."
I found this a very rewarding and thought-provoking session and it continued in this vein.
Cuddling and Hugging
Soraya then moved the session on into talking about cuddling and hugging. Soraya asked us to each choose a partner. She told us, as she was fond of doing, not to agonise over our choice as 'you'll not be marrying them!'
She said we will be rotating anyway. Soraya invited us to now get our kit off again if we felt comfortable. I chose Mark and thankfully he also seemed happy to be with me. We knew each other of course from the first retreat. I had always liked him but somehow at the first retreat we never spent much time together until the party on the last night. Soraya invited us to cuddle and hug our partners either standing up or sitting or lying on the yoga mats-whatever we felt most drawn to do. The important thing was that we had to concentrate on enjoying just the hug and enjoy it and savour it for what it is. Not for how it might develop. I want you to feel absolute pleasure and contentment from just the hug and dismiss any thoughts of going further.
Mark and I sat down on a yoga mat and enthusiastically put our arms around each other tightly. We were glad to have the chance. I imagined our energy flowing through our fingers into each other. I then asked him to lie on his side and I did the same facing him. We were both then able to put our arms around each other and hold each other's buttocks tight. We held our groins tightly together. We picked up where we had left off at the last night party at the naturist retreat. We were permitted to rock backwards and forwards a little but not to try to progress any further. The idea was to concentrate on how agreeable just doing this felt. And it certainly did. However, I did notice to Mark's annoyance that he had a semi-erection. I laughed and said, "I am not sure that is allowed. Better not let Soraya see!"
We were rudely interrupted. Soraya then asked us to find a different partner. Amy and I chose each other. Mark wondered off with his semi-erection and may have had some difficulty finding someone else to hug him in that state! Amy and I chose to remain standing and cuddle up tight. We were also carrying on from where we had got to at the naturist retreat last night party. So, I had cheated and not actually cuddled anyone new. But it was a cuddle of genuine love, unconditional approval, friendship and affection which was the point of the exercise. We just showed each other that true human to human deep connection that is possible especially when you come together naked.
Soraya reminded us, "So only gentle rocking is allowed, but no wriggling or grinding or exploring with your hands. I want you to mindfully just concentrate on the pleasure and bliss from what is now, and not keep trying to develop or advance your engagement. Pay attention to all your five senses. Let it be a magic moment."
We just looked into each other's eyes staring intently and smiling. We held each other as tightly and closely as we could. I felt sure that one day we would take this further. I believe we really did enjoy the static pleasure of this intense holding and touching experience. The ongoing skin to skin sensations and the mutual warmth of each other's bodies. For a while our living bodies were fused together.
I genuinely did get the point of this exercise; that is to enjoy the moment and not be grasping for more, and I understood why this was important to preparing us to understand tantric techniques.
Soraya then called a halt to this and said that we were a little bit early to break for lunch so would finish off the morning with half an hour's yoga. We all remained naked for this. We were all old hands. Veterans of the naturist retreat!
Soraya and the Truth about Gender Fluidity
After lunch we all gathered back in the temple wondering what was coming next especially when Soraya is involved. This session did not disappoint.
Soraya began the session by asking,"OK so how many genders are there? Two maybe?"
No one was going to be caught out by that. Everybody knows that is a minefield nowadays.
Soraya went on, "I want to say a little about trying to focus less on gender. We can all be too wrapped up in gender. We need to look for connection, love and kindred spirits wherever we find them. People are just people and their gender is just a label. It does not change them as a person. And in any case, we are all somewhere on a scale of gender and not always in the same position. None of us are always 100% male or 100% female. Nearly all of us is somewhere between the two and most of us can be to some degree fluid.
Soraya continued, "Ok we are now going to conduct a little experiment to try to convince you that it makes no difference, who is touching you. For this exercise we will be blindfolded."
You could always rely on Soraya for something exotic to happen. She was never boring or predictable.
Soraya went on, "I am now coming around with eye shades again. Have them ready to put on."
"Now I want you to pair off with someone of your own gender. This is only a short exercise so again do not agonise over who you choose. You will not be marrying them as I say."
Amy and me quickly chose each other again with some glee and girlish giggles. I think Soraya may have seen this and said, "Find someone new please. Not someone who you worked with before lunch."
Suitably admonished we separated, and I ended up with Carol who was a little older than me who had been on my first naturist retreat. Carol was slim and looked elegant and well preserved. She looked like she was a regular at the Pilates and yoga classes. In her introduction she had said she was bisexual but lived alone.
"Then I want you find a free yoga mat and lie down with them and cuddle up with your partner."
Soraya turned the lights off in the temple and started some background spa type music.
"I know that some of you will feel uncomfortable with this exercise. But that is the point really. If any of you feel just too uncomfortable then you can sit it out and just watch. Otherwise now please put on your eye shades."
We all did as we were instructed. No one would go against the goddess that was Soraya. But there was a fair bit of nervous giggling. Even from the blokes! In fact, especially from the blokes!
Soraya nipped that in the bud. She instructed, "OK from now onwards you are not allowed to speak or comment in any way. What I want you to do is gently caress and massage your partner. If you like you can slowly creep under their robe with your hands but above all concentrate on them and just respond to how they feel."
"I also want you to just enjoy the touches of your partner."
"OK now I want you to each choose one of you to go first and the other to go second. You are going to be either givers or receivers and those who are receiving must be totally passive and just concentrate on the act of receiving pleasure. Even that is a skill. Everything in tantric sex is a skill. And those of you who are giving must just concentrate on that with no thought of what you will get back."
Carol who had always claimed to be the shy demure type, suggested assertively, "I will go first if you like. You just lie back and receive."
I thought it was funny that Carol had used Soraya's word-receive.What an obedient model student she was I thought. Anyway, I was both surprised and pleased by her proactivity and delighted to accept.
I got myself comfortable lying on my front. I felt Carol's soft gentle female hands gently sliding up the backs of my legs. It felt surprisingly nice. What is not to like I thought. This was in my memory the first slightly erotic touch I had ever received from a woman.
Soraya continued, "Those of you who are giving at the moment -this phase is going to last for about 10 minutes. You may find that a long time. So, try to settle in and just concentrate on the responses and signs from your partner to guide you."
"Now for those of you who are receiving I want you to concentrate only on the feeling of the touch. Please do not start trying to predict what will happen next. Where they will touch you next. No thoughts of what you want to happen next. Just see how the touch from another feels so gorgeous regardless of whether it is from a male or a female. See how it makes absolutely no difference whether the giver is the same gender as you. A touch can always feel loving and beautiful. It is only our minds that delude us that it cannot come from someone of the same gender. When we are blindfolded then our minds cease trying to interfere with the experience by alerting us that it is coming from someone of the same gender. Just be in the moment, be aware, be alive, live in and enjoy the moment. Do not judge or evaluate the moment. Just let the sensations and pleasure flow through you. Trust what feels right."
Carol did not seem to need any of this guidance. She was a natural. She had though told us she was bisexual. She seemed to be far too good at this. No barriers for her to overcome. She had done this before with other women many times that was for sure. Carol tried to turn me over onto my back. I willingly helped her. Immediately Carol was parting my robe and stroking me all over my tummy and pussy. She was going for it. She parted my legs to give her better access. I was loving it and fully encouraging her all the way.
Soraya added," Again you givers-go as far or be as reserved as the signs from your receiver guide you. You will know what is welcome and what is not. Your receiver will show you the limits. Feel your way. Excuse the pun!"
Carol did not need any encouragement from Soraya I thought. Anyway, the point of this exercise was 100% made on me. I loved the feel of Carol caressing me and although I was not supposed to, I could not help but want more and did not want it to end. She certainly had my nipples standing pert and erect. I was so moist. When she slid her delicate fingers up and down the lips of my eager pussy, I certainly did not care who was doing this to me. It was as equally irresistible as ever. I could see for myself that attention from another woman could feel every bit as nice as attention from a man. Why had I always been so fixed and unquestioning in my attitudes and prejudices? I felt sure that I would continue this with another woman one day-maybe Amy perhaps. Or even Carol?
All too soon the 10 minutes were up. It was brutal when Soraya instructed us that it was time to swop places and roles. Carol had been making pretty rapid progress. I shudder to think where she would have got to with me given another 10 minutes!
I temporarily lifted my eye shades onto my forehead so I could get organised. I clambered up onto my feet and smiled in a knowing connected way at Carol. She smiled back. We had a new bond already. A new level of connection. Funny how intimacy does that.
Then not so innocent and demure Carol surprised me again by immediately whipping off her robe and lying on her back naked from the outset on the yoga mat. I saw her in a new light. Never trust a banana! She could clearly teach me a thing or two.
I felt under pressure. Could I give to Carol as much pleasure as she had given me with such natural ease? It seemed right that I should also slip off my own robe. Two naked girls together. I had completely forgotten by now that we were still in the temple full of everybody. But it did not matter. We were all in our own bubble.
I knelt down on the mat and separated her legs like she had mine. I could feel her pushing her tummy up at me. Lifting her bum up off the mat. Kneeling between her legs I slid my hands under the delicious soft cheeks of her bum. It felt so petite and neat. Much smaller than mine. I was enjoying just sliding my hands up and down her lower back and over her bum from underneath. I squeezed both cheeks in my hands. Carol wriggled with delight. I had never enjoyed feeling the body of another woman quite so purely before. Not that I could remember anyway. I gingerly and tentatively stroked my hands over her breasts, tummy and vagina. I loved the softness and smooth ness of her feminine skin.
I laid down on her, our bare breasts squashed together. Delightful. I kissed her on the mouth lovingly. It just felt right at that moment. She signalled her approval with a tongue that darted between my own lips. I could get into all this girl on girl stuff I am sure. I wondered why I had always been so preoccupied with blokes.
Soraya asked us all to break up now and gather our thoughts. We were all a bit disoriented obviously from all this same sex experimenting. Thankfully it was time for some tea and reflection. It was unusually quiet over tea especially the guys. They really did not know how to react or what they felt about being asked to experiment sexually with other guys. Maybe most guys have much bigger prejudices to overcome, and are more rigid in their thinking where this is concerned than women? I don't know.
After tea Soraya spoke about the now bewildering subject of gender definition. She went into the almost unlimited permutations that can now be separated. These apparently arise from whether someone is gay, heterosexual or bisexual. And then there is pre and post op trans gender. There are those who are just curious to explore. Those who do not know. Those who are fluid and have multiple genders. Those who object to even being asked. There are some people who are just asexual and have no interest, those who seek only romantic relationships but without sex, those who seek only sexual relationships but without romance etc. There are if you tabulated it literally hundreds of possible permutations. The important thing is to accept the right of everyone to be what or whoever they want to be and to be open minded in your own desires, attitudes and assumptions.
We Finally Get to Tantric Sex Techniques
The Tuesday morning started with the usual meditation in the temple and then after breakfast we eagerly gathered again in the temple. Having prepared us mentally for a whole day it was finally time to begin to reveal their version of tantric sex to us. That was the reason we all came here, and we were all keen to get started by now but would not disagree that the previous day's conditioning and preparation had been useful. The only person who could possibly do that was of course the irrepressible Soraya. She asked us how we were all feeling and whether anyone had any questions from the previous day. Nobody did. We were all anxious to finally get going on the real meat of the retreat.
Soraya was dressed again in a beautiful sari but today it was a navy blue one with a gold sash. I wondered if that would be coming off this morning. I pictured her demonstrating some advanced coupling position in front of the group with one of the guys! I would not have put that past her.
At the start of this session in some ways I was apprehensive about exactly what tantric techniques were going to be covered and how we were going to be asked to try them. In particular I was worried about her bringing up fellatio. You may not have noticed that I have never mentioned sucking anyone's dick in my stories and this is because on the one or two occasions that I have tried it early on I hated it. It is just not for me I am afraid. Sorry guys! I need not have worried. It was never covered at this retreat.
Soraya brought an end to my day dreaming by beginning, "Some people believe that sexual arousal and desire are at odds with being spiritual and mindful. But here we believe the opposite is true. In fact, you can harness sexual arousal to elevate you to a higher state of consciousness and bliss. An orgasm is arguably an out of body experience that connects you with the universe."
I was not sure I believed in this stuff yet, but it was going to be fun putting it to the test I thought.
She continued, "Being spiritual and mindful starts as you know with the cultivation of living in the moment, feeling love for others, and that means everybody-all other human beings, and developing inner peace and contentment. Now living in the moment means celebrating and savouring the physical experiences during sexual play as they occur and to forget about pushing for a conclusion or goal for example usually an orgasm. I know you have heard this before but we cannot repeat it enough. It is the foundation of tantric sex. Just concentrate on what is happening now. Using tantric practice, sex can be made to last much longer and higher states of arousal can be maintained sometimes for hours. Another important aspect of tantric sex is to concentrate completely on your partner, and your love for them and your wish to connect with them. Tantric sex is magical due to the intense states of spiritual connection that are achieved with your partner through physical touch. A meeting of souls."
"You will all have experienced that situation whereby whenever you have an amazing sexual experience and reach the heights of pleasure, your mind immediately starts fretting about if and when that experience is likely to be repeated. Any of you recognise that?"
A few of us grunted agreement.
"What a tragedy it is that the mind is never truly satisfied. Even when your body is satiated and exhausted your mind is already saying, 'Don't get too excited or complacent. How long is it going to be before that experience with that person is going to happen again? Will it be a one-off?
"Tantric sex teaches us to take control of our minds and that great sexual experiences can live on in our minds and be enjoyed over and over again in our minds like the treasured memories of a good holiday. You do not necessarily have to be sure of repeating it to still enjoy it."
"Now I am going to ask a question just to the girls. What is the most important erogenous zone for a woman?"
Various suggestions were offered up by the group of different parts of the female anatomy.
"No, I am afraid you are all wrong. It is your mind."
I realised that I have heard this before.
"A woman has to be in the right place with her fantasies and imagination else orgasm is never going to happen. Am I right?"
We all nodded. No one was going to question Soraya.
"How many of you girls can remember your first time?"
We all shuffled around and looked at the floor. None of us wanted to get picked on.
Soraya went on to tell us, "For most young girls the first time they have penetrative sex it is usually disappointing. No fireworks. They wonder what all the fuss is about after all the anticipation and build up."
She was right about this.
Soraya carried on saying, "Sex gets better with practice. But the biggest difference is that you learn how to relax and not worry about it and embrace it without guilt. Some fucks are better than others. That is life."
Soraya had finally used the word 'fuck' I thought.
Soraya then asserted that less than 30% of women can reach orgasm with penetrative sex alone. Mere thrusting of a penis in us is just that. Many women do not like to acknowledge this and fear there may be something wrong with them. The wild extreme orgasms frequently enjoyed by females just through penetration in films is a Hollywood myth. Most women need foreplay and some other external stimulation in order to have an orgasm. I thought that I must be part of the 30% because I do sometimes have an orgasm just through penetrative sex, but I certainly need to feel mentally aroused first. I am lucky because I can and do get sexually aroused easily just by thinking about sex. Soraya said that for you chaps it is different. Thrusting your penis inside a vagina is usually guaranteed to result in orgasm. It is a reliable mechanical process. But for us girls it is a lot subtler.
She said, "Our heads have got to be in the right place. Yes? Most women need whatever is being done to them to be regular and steadily maintained for them to build up to a climax. There is a point of no return beyond which orgasm is going to happen as long as your partner does not change what they are doing. This is why you hear women so often crying variations of, 'Don't stop what you are doing. Don't change what you are doing. Don't stop!' "
I thought this was the longest session I have ever had with Soraya where I have kept my clothes on! Usually long before now she has us doing something erotic that involves nudity! We broke for coffee.
Tantric Massage
After coffee the next session was about tantric massage. A massage table had appeared at the front of the temple
Soraya began, "This is one of my favourite sessions. The ancient art of erotic massage is one of life's delights. It is a simple basic pleasure that has been around for as long as mankind. And best of all it is free, and available to all.
"During this session we are going to practice sensual massages techniques using tantric methods."
Soraya asked for a volunteer. For a few seconds nobody responded. I would have loved to be the subject but felt I should not be too eager. Eventually one of the guys, good old Mark, said he did not mind.
Mark came forward and Soraya asked him to sit on the massage table with his legs in front of him in a v. Thankfully Mark had lost his semi- erection from our hugging exercise together yesterday! Soraya began by teaching tantra breathing techniques. These did not seem much different to Buddhist meditation breathing techniques to me, but I suppose there are only so many ways you can breathe!
Soraya then invited us all to stand up and come closer for a better view and gather around the massage table making sure everyone could see.
Then Soraya whipped off her sari with her usual aplomb and said, "Usually tantra masseurs practice naked themselves as the belief is that it relaxes the patient by being on an equal footing."
She then asked Mark to strip off his robe and lay face down on the table. Mark wriggled around and got comfortable on his front. Soraya began to pour oil that had a strong fragrance of lavender onto Mark's left leg. I was surprised how much oil she used. She said it was important with tantra not to keep stopping to add more oil and to maintain contact with the subject for as long as possible, so it was best to put the oil on in large quantities in each application. She was quickly travelling up his leg and over his butt cheek. She then oiled up the other leg and his butt. The she was using both her arms to travel up both legs at a time and over his butt.
Soraya said, "I am doing an accelerated version in this demonstration as we have limited time and I want to get onto you guys massaging each other."
Soraya then tipped oil over Mark's back and spread it out so that he was now well lubricated all over. She then started to demonstrate long flowing strokes using both hands that travelled all the way from his toes to his neck.
She said, "For the best results and the most exquisite and sensual massage these long unbroken strokes work best. Some of you may know that this system of massage is often called Hawaiian massage." I recognised this from how Joshua massages me.
Soraya then apologised that this was very rushed and accelerated to give us an idea of the techniques. She asked Mark to turn over onto his back. Soraya then gently separated Mark's legs and began to travel up his inner thighs in her long movements up his body. Soon she was travelling over his genitals on her forays up and down his body. Mark could not resist beginning to thrust a little begging for more.
Soraya said, "Try to relax Mark. Try not to engage me. Don't thrust. This is what we have been talking about regarding enjoying the sensations for what they are without pushing for more."
Mark had been suitably chastised. Poor bloke I thought. I know if I were on that table right now, I would be thrusting!
Soraya then began sometimes using her forearms to travel up and down Mark's surrendered body. She also from time to time used her gorgeous breasts to travel up and down his body. When she reverted to using her hands, she made a point of fondling Mark briefly as she traversed his prostate body. Poor Mark was fully erect and that was plain for all to see. I wondered if that was what Soraya intended to happen. But Soraya cleared up any doubt by saying, "From this point in a tantric massage you should try to ensure that a man retains more or less a full erection but without causing him to cum."
With that she applied buckets of oil over the entire front of his body. Mark was now as slippery as a dolphin. Mark sort of grimaced to us as if to say someone help me here, someone rescue me. This is beyond endurance!
She was rushing but quickly massaged Mark over his thighs and stomach and chest with the same long continuous flowing strokes. Very soon these strokes were including Marks's genitals. She then started with one hand to grip and stroke his erect prick and give it her special attention.
She said, "Using the traditional tantra Indian terms we refer to his penis as his lingam".
Poor old Mark was thrusting again. What a failure he was! He was desperate to cum. It was all too much for him. Actually, I think Soraya's touch would be too much for anyone.
She said, "The important thing with tantra is to watch your patient closely and when you think they are getting close to orgasm, to back off and let it subside a little. What we are trying to achieve is to keep our subject at a peak of arousal for as long as possible whilst we move on and make a spiritual connection with them by looking into their eyes and whispering messages of affirmation". The look of sheer desperation on Mark's face was comical. I could not help but chuckle.
Soraya continued, "It is normal in a tantric massage for the masseur to encourage some mutual respectful touching. If you have limits, then just politely ask your patient to respect them. Mark it is OK for you to touch my breasts if you wish."
Mark did not need to be invited twice! As Soraya travelled up and down his body, and wanked his lingam, Mark was trying as best he could to caress Soraya's illustrious soft perfect goddess breasts. He also ran his hands over Soraya's equally perfect hips.
Soraya said, "It is shocking to think that throughout history the genitals were always a standard part of any massage around the world, and it is only since the Victorians frowned on it that in our modern repressed culture it has come to be seen as inappropriate".
Eventually Soraya said, "OK you get the idea. Shall we now be nice to Mark who is looking pretty desperate? We can't leave him like that!"
Everybody chuckled.
Poor old Mark was unable to speak and immediately thrust his bum up off the table to offer his desperate prick up to his tormentor.
"OK! Here goes. Give us your sacred juices Mark."
And when Soraya decides you are allowed to cum-you cum! Astonishingly she had him squirting like there was no tomorrow in no more than four strokes. As he came Mark moaned loudly and uncontrollably in front of us all. All dignity was lost. I would never look at Mark the same way again. There was cum all over the floor and Soraya's breasts. She did not look concerned.
We all gave Mark a little clap and he mustered a bewildered smile.
It is normal in tantra to finish with a long mutual hug and if you wish a kiss on the lips. Mark sat up and put his legs over the side of the table and duly hugged with Soraya. She said, "Namastay. It is the customary way to conclude a tantric massage by mutually thanking each other for the experience and spiritual connection."
She then said," My turn!"
I thought Oh My God! What is coming next? What is Soraya going to do next? She never failed to shock with her hard-core high-octane antics.
Soraya then jumped up on the table herself, laid down on her back, and asked Joshua to massage her. It looked like they had prearranged this. This is obviously a regular part of the retreat. This is why they had Joshua here I thought. She has some neck I thought. We all stayed gathered around the massage table goggle eyed for a grand stand view.
Joshua removed his robe and bending over the table naked he poured oil onto his hands and began by massaging Soraya's feet especially the soles. He told us that there are thousands of nerve endings in the soles of the feet. So many nerves run through the body and end at the soles of your feet. He then proceeded to work his way up her legs and thighs and over Soraya's abdomen pouring more oil as he went. I had been through the same routine with him many times and knew how expert he was and wished it was me on that table. He began to do the same whole-body continuous strokes from neck to toes that Soraya had demonstrated. As he progressed, he began to adjust his route, using both hands, to travel via her inner thighs right up to her crutch and then over her mound. Soraya was very careful not to join in or thrust as Joshua gently separated her legs to allow access to her vagina when the time was right. You could have heard a pin drop in that room. It was worth coming on this retreat just to watch this on its own! We were all riveted to the scene. The atmosphere was electric.
Joshua began to very briefly stroke the lips of her vagina on his way up and down her body. Soraya's vagina glistened with moisture. This progressed to running his fingers down the crack and then he changed to continuing to massage her chest and breasts with one hand and gently inserting a finger into Soraya with the other.
Joshua said, "Using the Indian terms in tantra we refer to the vagina as the yoni and in tantra we talk about a yoni massage."
As Joshua progressed to two fingers, I could have sworn it caught Soraya out and I heard a sound of pleasure from her.
Again, this was an accelerated rushed version just as a demonstration. Joshua then spent a few moments sucking her nipples and caressing her breasts and tummy. Soraya purred a little and then apologised chuckling, "Sorry I forgot you were all here!"
Joshua then resumed using two of his skilled magic fingers and carefully inserted them into Soraya and rotated them from side to side, and in and out. Soraya changed to holding her legs apart up in the air like a yoga position while Joshua attended to her. Her red triangle was as neatly trimmed as ever. Very soon Joshua had most of his hand deep inside her in front of all of us. Nothing would embarrass Soraya. As ever I was in awe of her and wanted to be her!
Joshua ordered Soraya that she was not permitted to cum. He told her she would be punished if she came! Soraya protested but it was just role play of course. Soraya put her own hands down and spread her lips revealing her cunt to Joshua and the rest of us as much as she could. We could clearly see her pink sweet labia and her clitoris nestling at the top of her open cunt, thick and pink and standing to attention.
His attentions became ever more frantic alternating between plunging into her vagina, and back up to her clitoris. Soraya began to breathe more heavily and could hold her legs in the air no longer. Then she was bucking her hips, and panting, and starting to cry out loudly as she was enveloped in a mind-blowing orgasm. She then collapsed back on the table briefly exhausted. She laughed and said, "Well that is not how to do it! You are supposed to maintain a state of arousal for longer than that! Even we can't always get it right."
'Hmmmm', I thought to myself. 'No different to the rest of us then'. I wondered how long she could resist Joshua's attentions and it turned out not long!
Joshua and Soraya finished with the obligatory hug.
Soraya said, "Right it is now your turn. There are eighteen of you this week. I want you organise yourselves into three groups of six. Luckily this retreat we have nearly the same numbers of girls as boys so it should work out fairly evenly in organising yourselves into groups. But please form a group that does not contain any of the people you have worked with already during this retreat."
We all became like school children in the playground trying to form teams. It was comical. This sort of thing is very embarrassing really. I wish they had just done it for us. There were groups of twos and threes trying to arrange mergers and then suddenly there is a group that is too big and needs to be broken up and no one wants to leave and so it went on! I was not supposed to work with Mark, Amy or Carol again. Anyway, to cut a long story short I finished up in a group of six with Daniella and Amy and three guys-Victor, Ralph and Jacob. Yes, we sneaked Amy in, and Soraya did not notice that I had worked with her before this time. But I really wished I could have had Shakti, Mark and Joshua in my group but that was not to be. I told you this breaking up into groups brings out the 10-year-old in you!
They set up two extra massage tables around the temple. Soraya said she will be coming around and see how we are getting on.
In my group Ralph went first and jumped up on the massage table. Ralph was extremely good looking, in his early forties and a bit podgy with a beard. But all the guys here seem to have beards of some description or other. Ralph's was the well-trimmed designer style- not the unkempt hippie sleeping rough variety. I actually hate beards really and cannot understand why they have become so popular. The longer they are the worse it is. I cannot abide kissing facial hair, but it is increasingly harder to avoid.
Ralph undressed himself without any hesitation and laid face down anticipating the attentions of our group. I was somewhat sceptical about the value of this session as given there were five of us massaging him simultaneously it was guaranteed to be pretty amazing without any real effort. We could hardly fail to please. It would be a different story when you are giving a tantric massage on your own, I thought. I think the exercise was of more value regarding how the receiver takes their pleasure; how they develop a way of accepting and mindfully savouring the pleasure, and generally feeling love and connection and not pushing for an ending.
Ralph became highly stimulated and aroused almost immediately lifting his arse up hoping for one of us to fondle his tackle. Eventually we turned Ralph over so we could all concentrate on his front.
Soraya said, "Remember we are aiming at delayed gratification. We are trying to prolong the pleasure. Maintain lots and lots of eye contact, squeezing hands, placing your palms on your patient's forehead, and heart, and frequently whispering your love for them in their ear. This is all so that whilst they are in this prolonged state of bliss, you are connecting with them deeply and spiritually. When you finally get to a point of release, then if successful, the extended orgasm becomes a whole-body experience".
Anyway, rest assured Ralph had a jolly nice time and enjoyed himself and was fully satisfied. He reckoned that the orgasm he experienced was something special and out of the ordinary.
I went second in our group. What would ordinarily have been one of the most outstanding tactile erotic experiences of your life was becoming routine and a daily event at this retreat. And so, it was. I had these five people all concentrating just on me. Was I in heaven? Of course, I was. Think of the fuss they make about promoting four hands massages and how much they charge. Well this was ten hands! Well actually eleven because I could not keep one of mine from rubbing my special place.
When Soraya came around, I was fully revved up and thrusting wildly at my servants. Soraya told us that as the subject, I was the receiver of their spiritual love and connection and that I should try not to think of this as a physical experience at all.
She said, "Try to think of it Rachel as a wholly emotional, and spiritual, and mindful experience and not physical. Just concentrate on feeling love for the members of your group. Try to leave your body behind and simply allow it to do what comes naturally to it. Your body is perfectly capable of looking after itself. We worry far too much about the physical sensations and logistics during sex. Instead we should just forget out physical bodies and concentrate on our emotional feelings and maintain an ever-deepening connection with our partner or partners. This really works!"
She had come at an opportune time. I really did try and do what she had said.
It was Ralph who was the main person responsible for frigging me and he was very good. And although not covered in this session by Soraya young Jacob, who looked far too young to be here at all, had his hand under my bum and a finger in my arse. Victor was like a pig in muck demonstrating how much he adored my breasts and nipples with his hands. Meanwhile Daniella was proving to be an extremely competent French kisser. I will be following that up with her I thought. Amy was left massaging my feet when she was able to grab one while I waved them around in the air. Far from being duff my group had turned out to be surprisingly good. I really did try and just concentrate on feeling love and connection with my group of five and ignore what was being done to my body. By the end though I was still moaning incoherently and thrusting manically, so the outcome was the same whether I was trying to leave my body behind or not!
Copying Joshua, Ralph also instructed me sternly not to cum. For the finale he changed from using his hands to his mouth. The period between stopping pleasuring me with his hands and inserting his tongue into my vagina seemed like an age although was probably about 2 seconds. It just seemed so brutal when he withdrew his fingers before I had reached oblivion. Ralph was equally amazing with his mouth and tongue. I knew I was close, and well past the point of no return where orgasm is a certainty and so did he. All he had to do now was to bring me in to land.
The rest of my group, also sensing that the sacred ending was imminent, redoubled their stroking, kissing, and words of love and unconditional approval. Ralph was sucking my swollen labia intensely and slurping up my sweetness. His tongue grew ever more frantic. When he quickly oscillated his tongue over my clitoris again it was too much to bear and I gripped his head with both hands and came violently. The sacred nectar flowed freely from my vagina. I came and came with my whole body shuddering wildly while my beloved group tried to restrain me to prevent me rolling off the massage table. Was it a whole-body experience though? I don't know but it felt pretty bloody awesome.
There is not enough space here to tell you about what happened when each of the other four members of my group took their turn on the massage table. But rest assured this was probably the standout session of the week and a memorable time was had by all. Everybody in my group had an orgasm that afternoon and probably everybody at the retreat. Every so often the peace of the temple was interrupted by someone at another table breaking out into moans and cries of ecstasy as they surrendered. Amy, in particular, surprised me yet again by how intensely she embraced the experience. I have to say that when I occasionally looked around the temple at the sight of the three massage tables each with a group of five gathered around working intensely on their patient or victim it was a sight to behold. A truly unforgettable image.
Doing Some Late-Night Swotting with Mark
By the evening I was feeling so horny I could have burst. The sessions that day had been very arousing and left me wanting more. At dinner I sat with Mark who of course I knew anyway from the first retreat. I am only reminding you of this dear reader because of what followed. We had also, of course, had that intimate naked cuddle the previous afternoon during the session on not always wanting more sexually. I thought it a bit ironic that maybe I had managed to settle for just the cuddle at the time but that did not stop me wanting more from Mark now. A delayed reaction I thought. You cannot fight attraction and desire! I walked to the evening meditation with him and laid next to him. We held hands when we could during the meditation. Afterwards we walked back to the main building and it felt right to continue to hold hands.
I said to Mark, "I've got to tell you I absolutely love this place. I am having so much fun. This is my spiritual home, I think. I want to live here! Maybe work here. I never want this week to end."
Mark replied, "I know. I can see how much you love it and fit in. I love it too to be honest. I'm having a great time."
In this PC world it has become very difficult if not impossible for guys to make the first move, but thankfully us girls still can. In the relative privacy of the garden near the hot tubs I leaned in towards Mark and whispered in his ear, "Do you think we should do some homework and practice some of those tantric techniques?"
Mark looked a little surprised and replied, "Well she did say that we needed to put them into practice, and the more practice the better! I am up for some swotting if you are."
So, with our pact agreed we sneaked away into my bedroom like a couple of naughty school children. I shut the door and smirking said, "You do know I am a married woman?"
Mark replied, "Well that makes two of us! Well the married part anyway."
I said, "You have already had one orgasm today. I saw it happen. We all did. You were attended to by the sacred goddess Soraya!"
But I know I was making fun of it all. I was only trying to be amusing because really, I was and am a disciple-a believer, a convert. I had become one of their followers.
To be honest when we went back to my bedroom, I thought we would be shagging within five minutes of going in. But actually, what happened was, we both realised how physically and emotionally shattered we both were! This week was such a roller coaster that the first two days had seemed like two weeks. I could not believe we had only arrived on Sunday evening. At first, we collapsed into the two easy chairs in my bedroom. I found that I liked just chatting to Mark and vice versa apparently. I asked Mark what he was doing on this retreat and what had led him here.
He said that, the same as me really, he found the idea of a spiritual tantric retreat intriguing and fun. He reminded me that he had been on the first retreat (the naturist meditation retreat) twice and now he felt ready to try this one. Originally the first retreat, ( i.e. the naturist meditation retreat) had been recommended to him by someone at a naturist sun club local to him that he went to occasionally. He was on his own spiritual journey of course. Everybody here was on one journey of exploration or another.
Mark told me his story. Although he did not say so it was obvious that rather than shagging, what he actually needed was someone to talk to intimately. Someone who would just listen. I was more than happy to oblige. Flattered actually.
Late in the evening and tired Mark now looked a little sad and like he had lost his mojo. Mark began by apologising that although he had said he was married, in fact he was a widower. Mark was no longer married as he was bereaved three years ago. His wife of thirty years had been the love of his life. I felt awful because I felt I should have known all this and remembered it from the first retreat. I felt sure he must have told us something as important as this during the first retreat where we met but I just had not remembered. I apologised profusely if I should have already known this. He let me off though and reminded me that I was not there when he did his grounding because he had done the first retreat twice and he did not repeat his grounding when I had first met him on his second go at it. He did not think he had ever told me he was bereaved.
Mark wanted to talk about what had happened to him. He had originally got into naturism with his wife and they used to go to the local naturist sun club together and swim and socialise there. After his wife had passed away, he had become depressed and began asking what was the point in it all? He retreated within himself and got into a dark place. Then a friend at work had given him a self-help book on spiritual intelligence that had inspired him to explore such things further. I knew this particular book and had read it myself and also liked it. This book had also had a big influence on me in the early days of my journey. He also had attended a Buddhist meditation group. It was clear that we were kindred spirits and were on similar journeys.
Mark then grinned and declared that he had smuggled in some bottles of wine that were stored in his bedroom. He asked me whether he should go and get one. I replied that that sounded like a brilliant idea and so he slipped out and came back with one concealed under his robe.
I got the two glasses from the en-suite and Mark poured some white wine into them.
"Chardonnay OK?"
I said that that was absolutely great. That I was glad he had brought anything. So as ever the wine oiled the wheels and our tongues and we relaxed and enjoyed chatting to each other at first about spiritual intelligence stuff and what had helped us, and what we believed. Before we knew it we had demolished the bottle in about 15 minutes! So, Mark disappeared again and was quickly back with a second.
I laughed and asked, "How many more bloody bottles have you got stashed in your room Mark?"
Mark said that was all he had. He had no more. That was probably a very good thing.
Half way through the second bottle the conversation was getting very deep and meaningful and intimate about life, the universe and everything. You know the sort of thing. I remember Mark getting tearful trying to articulate stuff about how life can be both wonderful but cruel and hard. He said that you never know what is coming and perhaps that was a good thing. I responded that I did realise how lucky I had been in my life (so far) to avoid such tragedy and grief. I assured him that I did not take it for granted and sympathised with how tough it had been for him. I did however bring up again my emotional baggage-my big demon of what had happened to me on that island in Greece that night. How that has always made me feel cheap since then. How I feel disgusted with myself that I allowed that to happen. How that changed me. I became tearful myself, but it was that sort of night. Mark remembered this about me from my grounding session at the first retreat. He asked me to remind him when this had happened, and I told him that it was nearly ten years ago now. He told me that what happened was not my fault and I should stop beating myself up about it. That it was practically rape and that I am not cheap. He told me that the time had come to let it go now.
He then said, "You have got to ask yourself Rachel what was the point of going through the ordeal of that traumatic grounding process at the first retreat if you still keep harbouring this guilt. You were supposed to let it all go. That was the whole point. To free yourself from these negative self-critical beliefs that have a hold over you."
I thought, 'Hmmm! He has a point. The grounding process was never going to work unless I chose to let it. I vowed at that moment to really try to never bring the episode up again with anybody especially as it had happened so long ago.'
It was getting ridiculously late. I glanced at my watch and realised that two hours had flown by. I reflected with some pleasure that we were getting on so well and that I was making and cementing a new friendship that would be important to me in the future. But we had now done enough talking. I reached out and put my hand on his knee. It seemed appropriate. I then slid it up onto his upper thigh and squeezed it. His robe began to fall open. Mark reciprocated and put a hand on my thigh. I smiled at him and stood up and slipped off my robe.
I stood naked before him and said, "Right, I think it is now time for that practice session."
Mark smiled at me and said, "You look so beautiful like that. You are so sexy."
I believed at that moment that Mark was being truthful and really felt that. That he was not just saying it. It was a nice moment. I reached over to his belt, undid it, and slid his robe off his shoulders. I was glad to find he was not wearing any pants under his robe. Some of the other guys keep donning pants under their robes this week. I have absolutely no idea why.
Mark then said, "I have to tell you something. More of a confession actually."
I told him to go for it.
"Well the truth is, I have not had sex for three years. Not since my wife died. I have never had sex with anyone else."
I immediately wanted to mother him. Once he had told me that, even though I wanted to fuck him anyway, I felt honour bound to give him a sympathy fuck! I liked him a lot and was sure that we were kindred spirits who were going to be good friends, hopefully with benefits.
I gave him a cuddle and slid my hands over his back and arse. He did the same to me. Things were warming up nicely. I then reached down and held his already semi-erect cock. It jumped to attention.
I said, "I am surprised you are still interested after Soraya was finished with you. How can I follow the goddess Soraya? We all saw how she had you under her spell. Have you got any of your sacred juices left for me Mark or did you squirt them all over Soraya?"
Mark laughed and replied, " It is worse than that because you did not see that when we broke into groups, I was supposed to take my turn again on the massage table for my group to practice on me. But I couldn't! I was spent. Sucked dry by Soraya. So, they let me off. I was with Carol, and Gabriella in my group with Andrew and Brian. They all had a nice time though. No complaints that I heard."
I said, "I had forgotten that after the demonstration with Soraya you still had to take part in the group exercise. That must have been a bit much. How funny. I like Carol actually. She is nice. OK then Mark let's see what you have learned. Let's see you put your new skills into practice."
I laid down on my bed with my legs apart, lifted my knees up, and closed my eyes. After what seemed an age but was probably no more than half a minute, Mark was kneeled between my knees gearing up. He began with a long kiss on the lips of my pussy. His tongue was probing me. I was so up for this and started purring immediately. I put a hand behind his head to hold him close. He pulled back and began work with his fingers. I started to writhe around and might have had an orgasm that way, but it was so late, and we were tired. I also felt lazy myself and wanted to get some sleep.
I just said to him quietly and matter of factly, "I am so tired Mark, would you like to just come in?"
He needed no persuasion. He just replied, "Well I'm not going to refuse an invitation like that."
I was very wet and within seconds he was sliding in to me in the missionary position with no further ado.
He started to thrust and grunt a little quietly whilst smiling at me and looking apologetic for some reason. Within less than a minute he was coming. I suppose after three years that was inevitable even though he had had an orgasm earlier that day in the hands of Soraya. That is not the same as having your cock buried deep in a nice warm wet welcoming uncomplicated vagina. I never got to cum that night.
We cuddled up and were asleep in seconds.
The next day, Wednesday, began as ever with the meditation in the temple. One cosmetic difference was that suddenly we were all walking to the temple dressed in new fluffy dark maroon robes instead of the white ones. Apparently, they have introduced a new policy in the interests of hygiene that the robes get changed mid-week. You do everything in these robes; live in them really and usually you are wearing nothing else. And given what goes on in these retreats you now get a new one delivered to your bedroom for the Wednesday onwards. They can easily spot someone who has not changed their robe as they would be in a white one! Also, I had got into the habit of showering three times per day including after lunch. You just never know what is coming next at these retreats and how up close and personal other people may get. Of course, Mark had to sneak back to his room in his white one to retrieve the replacement maroon one left hanging in his bedroom.
Sadomasochism
After the morning meditation and breakfast, the first session was to cover Sadomasochism. I had really looked forward to this session. I have never been much into this stuff and was all agog.
Soraya began, "Sadomasochism or 'S & M' is simply the giving or receiving of pleasure from acts involving the receipt or infliction of pain or humiliation. Practitioners of sadomasochism may seek sexual gratification from their acts. S & M is any interactions, especially sexual activity, in which one person enjoys inflicting physical or mental suffering on another person, who derives pleasure from experiencing that pain. S & M is sometimes more completely referred to as BDSM to include bondage and discipline.
"TheFifty Shades of Greyseries of books and films have taken S&M mainstream. A few years ago, we couldn't have spoken freely about such things as nipple clamps, bondage and spanking. Now, however, it seems like for example a little light bondage is commonplace. Now I should warn you that this session only aims to give you an introduction. It will only cover light playing at it. It will not cover anything hard core or controversial."
I could see they could not go too far with this. I remember drifting away a bit and day dreaming. I was tired after my late night with Mark. I began to resurrect my childhood fascination with being tied down and restrained. I saw it in the westerns of those days several times. You know where the Red Indians used to tie down someone they had captured by staking them out spread eagled in the desert heat. Well I always fantasised about having that done to me, but I did not know why. When I grew up, I realised this was a sexual thing. I expect when the Red Indians did it, in reality, a female victim was stripped naked first, and in all probability gang raped. I have carried that fantasy forward through my life and always fantasised about being tied down and powerless at the mercy of men but never actually been tied up at all. Of course, in reality I would have hated being taken by strangers, but fantasies are often something we would not really like in reality, aren't they? Come to think of it, I would also not have been that keen on being left out to fry to death in the desert!
I resurfaced back into this session from my day dream. Soraya said that S & M was not strictly part of tantra, but they give an introduction to it anyway as they felt arguably it should be. Their argument was that even experiencing pain, and restraint, were all aspects of being awake, living in the moment and accepting the moment. I thought, 'Hmmm. Not sure about that one'.
Soraya went on, "Practitioners of S & M find it fun because they find it sexually arousing to be submissive and dominated. It means allowing a loving person to tell you exactly what to do and letting them take responsibility and choice away from you. People new to it find great delight in finally being allowed to reveal their secret desires from within the safety of a secure relationship. It strengthens relationships and the bond between a couple when our lover responds with approval and encouragement when we reveal our secret desires".
Anyway S & M looked fun to me and a novelty and Soraya wanted a couple of volunteers for some demonstrations. About four us coyly said that we were willing. As luck would have it, she picked Ralph and me.
Soon I was lying on my front on the massage table with the whole class gathered around me. I took no persuasion to remove my robe before being asked. I suspect it was no accident that Soraya chose me. She had my measure by now. She knew this would be right up my street. Soraya tipped out a box of goodies onto a yoga mat. It was all there. Blindfolds, ear muffs, ropes, chains, a riding crop whip, what looked like they might be nipple clamps, gags plus a ton of other stuff that could have been used for anything.
Soraya then proceeded to put one of the blindfolds on me.
She said, "Being blind folded is frequently part of S & M play. As is being tied up and restrained of course. Are you OK if we restrain you a little Rachel?"
The group emitted a little snigger. I just said, "I suppose so, go for it."
"Right Mark you have Rachel's permission to restrain her. Here's some rope. What are you going to do?" Soraya tossed some coils of rope at Ralph.
"Obviously getting permission at each step of the way from your victim is important unless as part of the game they tell you that they do want to give permission. They just want to be dominated and that again is common S & M practice."
Anyway, to jump a head a little Ralph tied my wrists together behind my back and tied a rope between my ankles under the massage table such that it held my legs as wide apart as the massage table permitted. Soraya was happy with the job he did making sure he had not tied me so tight that it was stopping the blood flowing. It had only been the previous day that Ralph had been bringing me off on one of these tables when we were working as a group of six. I imagine Ralph thought by now he knew his way around my body pretty well and was familiar with all my charms. Maybe Soraya thought we worked well together yesterday and so would be a good combination for this S & M demo. It is so bizarre just how all this weird stuff had become so normal in such a short time.
Would you believe she then asked me, "So Rachel have you ever been whipped before?"
I laughed, "Of course. All the time. Daily!" Everyone else chuckled as well.
"Oh well them Ralph. Go for it!"
Ralph must have taken the riding crop from the pile of aids and I felt the first stroke across my bare bottom. It was pretty gentle actually. Barely stung at all.
Ralph asked if that was OK or whether it was too hard.
I assured him it was not, so he duly did it a bit harder. As he got more confident the strokes really did start to hurt and I was lifting my poor defenceless soft fleshy white bottom up to receive them. I do not know why but it is a sort of instinctive reaction. The worst part was the anticipation and hearing the whistle of the whip through the air. After a lash that really was a bit over the top, I let out a genuine cry of pain.
Soraya asked him to stop for a moment.
Soraya then said, "Right now in S & M play you have a choice. You can either make it all pretend play and never really hurt each other at all and that is fine if that is your mutual choice. Or you can decide that within limits you actually do want to experience some pain and discomfort. The reason is that firstly the pain is offset by and counteracted by the simultaneous pleasure you get from the sexual arousal of S & M play. It is the fine balance between pain and pleasure, and how they cancel each other out, that makes the experience so interesting. The second reason is that you need to see pain and discomfort as yet another opportunity to be in the moment, and actually experience and feel the pain as part of being alive and mindful in exactly the same way as you embrace pleasure. Rachel could in her mind make the choice to welcome the controlled level of pain because of the way it makes her feel alive and present for it. She my also find it arousing. It is like everything else a question of how you think about it."
So, having been told I should actually be mindfully embracing the pain I duly knuckled down to receive my punishment without complaint. I did wince and cry out once or twice more but quickly followed that by a smile. Soraya was right; experiencing controlled pain voluntarily whilst sexually aroused did enhance and intensify the feelings of being alive.
Soraya then said, "Aren't you forgetting something Rachel?"
I had no idea what she was talking about. I just said, "I dunno. Am I?"
"Well it is customary in S & M play to thank the person who is administering the punishment at each step. It is part of being dominated and showing respect to your master. Most people find it adds to the fun to thank them after each stroke." She then said in a stern voice, "So where are your manners Rachel?" Of course, Soraya was playing along herself.
Soraya added, "I think five more lashes would be an appropriate punishment but this time with some pleases and thankyous?"
So, I took my last five strokes, which I have to say were getting pretty intense, without complaint, and my bum was now very sore. After each lash I winced and shouted out ,"Thank you Sir."
Ralph joined in and said, "Louder. I can't hear you Rachel."
Ralph finished with a final particularly vicious whack across my bum cheeks and I acknowledged it with an especially loud shout of, "Thank you sir!"
That was the end of my session. When Ralph had untied me and helped me down from the massage table, he asked me if I was OK. He was keen to make sure he had not overstepped the mark by being overzealous with the beating. I told him I would get my own back!
After that Daniella and Andrew were chosen to demonstrate some more bondage techniques but it was more of the same really and you get the idea. This was only intended to be an introduction to S & M- a taster.
Consumed and Devoured by Shakti.
The next day, Thursday, was a day that I will never forget that is for sure. It began fairly normally, for this place at least, but ended in a game changing conclusion. Anyway, more about that in a moment. We awoke to some very wild and windy weather. There was a gale raging and the rain was coming down horizontal. I had to walk to the temple which is not far across the garden but far enough in that weather. I did not want to break my rule of wearing nothing other than my robe but went with a three-quarter length kagool on top that was hanging up in the wardrobe provided for just such a day. It was quite funny actually as I met some of the others all fighting the wind and rain with the same determination and bull dog spirit. I still got absolutely soaked but I was soon naked for the meditation like everybody else with our robes hanging up to dry!
Thursday was a day of naked yoga, and more practical sessions on tantric skills and techniques.
On the Thursday evening after the evening meditation I decided to jump in one of the hot tubs on the way back. Thankfully the deluge had stopped. I was organised and took a towel with me to save going back up to my bedroom. I was nearing the end of my second week at this centre. I felt like I knew my way around. There were two guys in it already; Matt and Victor. They must have missed the evening meditation. It looked really inviting with the steam rising into the night air. I asked them if they had room for a little one and carefully climbed the steps and stepped over into it. These wooden barrel designs are not as easy to get into as a modern one with proper steps for entering. By the end of the day at these retreats you were always knackered and settling down in the hot water was bliss. I had a bit of a chat with the guys, but they said they had already been in for an hour so before long they were climbing out.
After the guys left almost immediately Shakti appeared. I was pleased to see her. She stood by the tub, removed her robe and sandals and climbed in. Shakti was the kind of person whose energy introduces her. You could always feel something very spiritual in her presence. Just like Soraya actually. It felt cosy being with Shakti at that moment. I so hoped no one else would come and join us. She had a fantastic figure I thought. The ring in her belly button glistened in the garden lights as she climbed in. Her pussy was completely and perfectly shaved. And she was always so confident with her sexuality and spirituality. I wished I could be more like her. Shakti was a similar age to me, maybe a couple of years older. I had noticed her looking at me quizzically on a couple of occasions this week, like she was checking me out in some way. I would have been flattered to have Shakti as a spiritual friend so welcomed the opportunity for a chat with just the two of us. I felt I could learn a lot from her. She settled down on the seat and began some meditative routine stretching her arms out forward and then above her head humming. Then she was twisting her head from side to side and reciting something to herself. She is one on her own I thought. I wondered how long this was going to last. Thankfully not long as I felt embarrassed being in there with her whilst she was doing this. When this routine had come to an end, she looked intensely at me right into my eyes smiling and approvingly like she has spotted something she wanted to eat. It turned out that was not far from the truth! Shakti was the very embodiment of that merger of spiritual and sexual energy that I was seeking and knew existed if I could find it.
Shakti said, "Sorry about that. I was just thanking the universe for my beautiful day."
"Oh! OK." I replied like an idiot. Of course you were I thought. I've just finished doing that myself!
Shakti asked, "How are you finding it this week? Are you glad you came?"
You will recall maybe that Shakti was at the first retreat as well, so I was starting to know her quite well and she had cuddled me at the early session on cuddling at the first retreat. But I always felt in awe of her. She just seemed so worldly wise and confident and made me feel like a complete rookie. Her American accent was part of it I think and the general confidence that Americans seem to have compared with the diffidence and timidity that is so typical of us Brits. But sitting in the hot tub next to her; just her and me, I felt I so wanted to be able to sound interesting to her and be able to relate to her. I felt she was just such a grand master and I was an immature fresher.
I heard myself saying ,"I have loved this week. Loved everything about it. Learnt so much."
I squirmed because I just knew that sounded so predictable and banal. You could always rely on Shakti for the unpredictable. She could read me like a book. Like she could see right through me into my soul.
Shakti smiled knowingly and just placed her palm on my forehead and said," Relax Rachel. Let us both feel the rhythm of the moment. Let us feel our spiritual energy flow between us."
Like I told you she was in a different league to me. I cannot believe she would ever have any hang ups or insecurities.
I leaned back and placed my hand in hers and said, "OK then. That sounds very ..." And then I could not think of any word to fit this moment at all.
But I did not need to. It was a perfect moment anyway without conversation. I swear I did feel her powerful presence and energy and time did stop. I was truly able to just be in the moment and feel perfect bliss and peace with Shakti in the comfy bubbling hot water and with the stars above, and Shakti's ever increasing subtle attention and massaging of my body under the water.
In the hot tub, with Shakti. I was a sitting duck. I was an easy conquest. The atmosphere of the moment, her American accent, everything about her, overwhelmed me. I was a lamb to the slaughter. I began sobbing and crying. I did not really know why; I was just completely overcome. I felt so inexperienced and unworldly wise in the company of Shakti. Shakti held me close and cuddled me without speaking. There was no need for words.
Later we climbed out of the hot tub and Shakti took my hand and kissed it and escorted me back to my room. It seemed so natural for her to come into my room and close the door behind us. She opened my robe and ran her hands up both sides of my eager body. She gently slipped the robe off my shoulders and it fell to the floor around my feet. I stood for a moment naked before her. She told me I was beautiful. I did not believe her-Shakti was the beautiful one.
Shakti then slid her own robe off and it fell on the floor by our feet and we stood facing each other naked. She smiled at me and stretched out her hands towards me. I did the same and we held each other's hands.
Shakti looked into my eyes and asked, "Is this your first time?"
I was in such a daze that stupidly at first, I wondered what she was talking about. Then I realised and meekly and nervously replied that it was. God I can be dim.
I was so nervous. I knew then what was about to happen. I felt like a school girl who had been summoned to the head master's study. I was too nervous to speak. All I managed to do was emit a sort of high pitched squeaky 'Ummmm' followed by rapid breathing. Shakti chuckled at my nervousness.
She said, "Just relax Rachel and do what your body tells you to do. Don't worry. Nothing bad is going to happen. We can stop at any time. We are not going to do anything you do not want to do."
Shakti seemed so much more self-assured than me. So her own person. I thought she should be a teacher on this retreat rather than a student.
Until then throughout my entire life I cannot remember having any lesbian desires. I had never even thought about having sex with a woman before this week. I had considered myself 100% heterosexual. But this week the innocent exploratory cuddles and kisses with Carol and Amy and Daniella had broken the ice and made me more open minded towards the idea. I had been influenced by that gender fluidity session with Soraya who I revered. And now here I was desperate for Shakti to do her worst. To pleasure me. I had never wanted any man any more than how much I wanted this to happen now. I was desperate for Shakti to take control and lead me into this new world.
After that it all happened very quickly. My memory of it all is a blur.
I was swallowed whole by Shakti. I was like a child completely spellbound and mesmerised by her. In awe of her. I could hardly string two words together. I had no will power. I could not resist her in any way. I was entranced and delirious with pleasure. She took possession of my body. This was one of the biggest shocks and surprises in my life. I learned that the assumption that we are straight and could never be bisexual is laughable in its naivety. And that lesbian sex can be off the scale magnificent and fun. I don't know whether this is different for women than guys. Most guys seem so categoric and dogmatic that they could never engage in a homosexual encounter and it is a matter of honour that they proclaim themselves 100% straight and macho. But is that really the case? I must ask some guys from the retreats. Maybe they just need to be tested and tempted in the right circumstances. But all I can say is that in that magical time with Shakti all of my life long held prejudices and inhibitions about girl on girl fun were swept away in a tsunami of pleasure and lust.
I have one memory of opening my eyes and glimpsing us both naked on my bed. I remember how beautiful and perfect Shakti looked in the soft light. I remember feeling such an intense love for Shakti during this experience. My initiation. I remember her long frizzy blonde hair dangling over me. She had two long bronze looking chains dangling around her neck.
I would like to tell you more about exactly what happened with Shakti but I cannot. I was too out of it. Too much in a dream like state of ecstasy to relate in much detail what happened. It was like I was drugged. I was completely obedient and compliant to her loving magical touch. I remember only glimpses as I drifted in and out of my dream like state of euphoria. In the early stages I remember her placing her palms on my forehead and later my abdomen and looking into my eyes and whispering loving and calming assurances that this was all OK. I remember her whispering again that nothing would happen that I did not want, and we could stop at any time.
Shakti was gently massaging me and stroking me with her fingers as she began to venture around my upper inner thighs and groin and over my tummy. I was just so desperate for her to touch me in that special sacred place.
Soon I could bear it no more and I grabbed her hand and held it firmly over my desperate hungry pussy. I remember her doing some soft chanting of various spiritual affirmations. I remember feeling so much connection with her, it was like we merged into the same person. I was taken over by the spirit and soul of Shakti. She alternated between kissing me on the lips and licking my clitty. I felt intense love for Shakti. For that moment I was hers totally. She knew that she had such power over women. I wondered afterwards if she had the same degree of power over men. Probably I thought. Eventually she entered me with her fingers, and I melted away. She was just majestic in her skill. I don't know how many orgasms I had but I know it was several. God knows what Carol and Jennifer must have thought in the next rooms if they were in.
I remember laughing a little in amazement at how out of control I was at first but later doing a lot of crying and desperate hugging. At some point I passed out deeply asleep and when I awoke in the night Shakti had gone. It was brutal to find myself on my own in a state of shock wondering what had happened to me.
Reflections and Enlightenment 2
Having woken up early on the Friday morning and found Shakti gone I could not get back to sleep. So, after tossing and turning for a while, thinking about everything that had happened over the week I grabbed my pen and pad to scribble down my thoughts. I had done the same at the end of the first retreat. This is what I wrote:
1. I have absolutely fucking loved this week and do not want it to end tomorrow. It is going to be such a let-down. And it has successfully convinced me that this so-called spiritual sex enables us to reach our own higher consciousness.
2. Here there is no stigma attached to female sexuality. Here there are no such cruel labels as slut or whore or slag. There is not one rule for men and one rule for women at this retreat. I am done with feeling guilty about being sexually active and adventurous. Here sexually adventurous and open-minded women are celebrated, and women are encouraged to exhibit and act out their sexuality without judgement. I have been on a quest for sexual liberation and sexual identity and I believe I have found it. I was resolved to take this enlightenment home with me and really try to never feel guilty again about being who I am.
3. I have not really missed or thought about 'my two husbands' Andy or Tony. What does that tell me? Worrying. Hmmm! Although now that I have thought about them, I am looking forward to seeing them.
4. Obviously the experience with Shakti had been both amazing but disturbing. This retreat had shown me new ways of seeing these things and had had a big influence on me. But am I a secret bisexual? After all these years? This cannot be true. But I had sure loved it. I made a note to explore such feelings and experiences further before I leapt to a conclusion. I wrote down 'In a state of shock!'
5. I feel that I have out grown my previous self. I have moved on from my former life. But is this new way of life what I really want? But what is this 'new way of life'?
While I have been at this retreat, I have always known that the life here is not real and does not really exist on the outside but nevertheless it has made me feel that there may be something different for me. I know that my spiritual journey of discovery and search for spiritual intelligence and enlightenment would be at the centre of it. I realise that the community here, and at the previous retreat were going to be crucial in developing this way of life outside. I am now my own person and feel confident to be who I am and follow my own path.
6. I increasingly realise that what we are all searching for is not orgasm and sexual satisfaction but intimacy and connection. After the sexual act it is the connection and feelings of union with the other person that endure and contribute to our happiness and contentment. We are all basically lonely and islands trying to reach out to others through sex and trying to really feel something to combat feelings of isolation and to feel alive.
7. I have come to realise this week that it is somewhat naive to think in life you can find the ideal sexual partner. We are all so unique and such a mix of tastes, fetishes, appetite, and potentially diverse sexual interests that it would be impossible to find a perfectly compatible sexual partner who completely satisfies you. In fact, the truth is that no one person could ever satisfy all your sexual tastes and desires.
8. On the other hand, I still feel the urge to keep searching for that special monogamous devoted relationship. I had it once with Andy; maybe I could have it in the future with Tony or Mark? But would I really want that? I am at the same time searching for a group of different like-minded kindred spirits who I can explore and play with sexually and express my new-found confidence with people who will understand. I have probably lost the right to have a devoted relationship with Andy or any other man for that matter. They all know what I am like and accept me for what I am but that comes with a cost. I am now seen as a popular but occasional friend with benefits by most men including Andy and Tony probably. But maybe that fits with the life I am carving out for myself. In any case I do not have any choice about it. It is inevitable that guys (and now girls) will now see me this way-including Andy.
9. At this retreat I have embraced my exhibitionism and allowed it to flourish without guilt. I have admitted to myself that I love being sexually active with an audience. I love to have sex in public. At this retreat they have not seen it as appropriate for us to actually have full sex in front of the group, but I have nevertheless seriously enjoyed the exercises that we have been encouraged to perform that have been pretty hard core anyway. And I have enjoyed performing with an audience on occasions at the spa in Bristol and elsewhere. I know I am kinky but no longer have to feel guilty about it and look forward to doing it again. I have heard some interesting rumours about what happens at the last night party at this tantric retreat, so you never know. It could happen again sooner that I think. The last night party at the first naturist retreat had been pretty wild.
10. How many partners have I had now? I was losing count! I need to make a list:
Andy and then Steve at uni. (2)
Barry, Mike, Tony on the Greek island (3)
Tony and shortly followed by Chris (2) at the spa
ANother1 and ANother2 at the spa. These were two absolute dicks at the spa that I let have me and which I regretted and have never written about. Two complete arses. It was a mistake. (2)
Joshua at the first naturist meditation retreat (1)
Mark my latest scalp this week (1)
That adds up to 11. Not that many for a lifetime.
Wonder if I should count Shakti? Yes, I think I should. That was an intimate as any encounter with a man.
Shakti (1). That makes 12.
11. New friends: I now know that kindred spirits from this spiritual community were going to be very important and how much I would love to have a special really close friend from this retreat who really understands the journey I am on and the yearnings I will experience when it is over. God knows I certainly could never talk about this secret life with any of my normal friends.
12. Mark: After the first retreat I had written down the question of whether there was a relationship with Joshua and where would it lead? Well since the first retreat it had not led anywhere. I have been disappointed that he has not been in touch. This time I was writing the same thing but not about Joshua but about Mark! I felt like a mixed-up teenager.
13. Joshua : I am disappointed that Joshua did not follow up after we slept together at the first retreat. And obviously I have not contacted him for a massage in his professional capacity. I thought we might have had something going. I am puzzled by why he has not sought me out for a repeat performance. You have to wonder sometimes with blokes whether they actually enjoyed it, and like you, and what makes them tick. It is bound to threaten my confidence and make me needy. Maybe I will take the initiative and reach out to him. He probably just does not know how to take me, and know me well enough. Yet! I have NOT given up on Joshua...
14. Girls! Yum yum! Also of course there may or may not be Shakti (very likely) and I am optimistic about Amy and even Carol. I so so want to keep in touch with Shakti and repeat what happened last night.
Conclusion-a very illuminating and inciteful week that has caused me to do a lot of radical revaluation. I have a new direction to go in and explore but I am still a mixed-up mess-but a different mess to the one that arrived a week ago!
The Morning After (Shakti)
When I went along to the morning meditation in the temple luckily I bumped into Shakti on the way in the garden. Thankfully we were alone. She immediately kissed me and gave me a reassuring hug. She asked me if I was OK about what had happened. Whether I was alright.
I told her that I was in shock and bewildered but had enjoyed it more than I ever thought possible. That I had been truly touched in ways I would not have believed possible. I meant of course emotionally and spiritually as well as the obvious. Shakti laughed and said that I did not need to go overboard. That she was sure it had not been that good. But it had and I meant it.
"I was sorry that you left. That when I woke up you were gone. I would have loved it if you had stayed all night."
Shakti replied, "Well maybe we can sleep together next time."
That sounds promising I thought. Something to really look forward to. There is going to be a next time I thought. My spiritual community is growing.
I added, "I also feel guilty that you did all the work. That I had all the pleasure. I just laid there. I was completely selfish. I did nothing for your you."
Shakti replied, "Trust me I had a lovely time. I also really enjoyed myself. It's not true to say that you did nothing at all. And next time you can be more adventurous with me."
That confirms it then; not only am I now bi but I have a female partner! My cup runneth over!
Shakti then suggested, "Why don't you lie next to me at the meditation?"
I replied, "That is a lovely idea."
We held hands walking to the temple. We did not care what anyone saw or thought. That was a perfectly normal thing to do here anyway. Shiva was already sat in the lotus position in front of the shrine. He was welcoming us to the Sunrise meditation Service as he did every day. We put two yoga mats and towels out for us side by side. We took off our robes as everyone did by now and laid down holding hands with Shakti to my left. Shortly afterwards Amy joined us to my right and I held her hand on the other side. I was now connected to these two beautiful special women ready for the meditation to commence. Life felt perfect at that moment and indeed perfectly set up and poised for the future. Shiva was ready to commence and turned on the usual soft music. I felt so at home I really did not want this retreat to ever end. I would be back as soon as I could.
The Tantric Spiritual Retreat Last Night party
On the last evening there was the inevitable buzz of excitement around the place as the retreat built towards its finale. We had our last meditation in the temple and then we all went back to our rooms to dress for the last group dinner and 'party'. I say 'party' because obviously there were not that many of us and you sort of dread that it could be a bit like one of those stilted awkward office Christmas parties where a small group of you suddenly have to switch from working to standing around with a silly hat pretending you are having a great time. But I would have to admit that the party at the end of the first retreat had been surprisingly good and there had been rumours that the one at the end of the Tantric Spiritual Retreat had in the past turned out pretty wild. And knowing this place of course anything could happen.
When I say dress for the party of course being here it was more like undress for the party. Given that this was a naturist centre and event and that we had all been naked or nearly naked for most of the week there would seem little point in protecting our modesty now. Of course, there was a need to make an effort and wear something a bit glam if only to make this 'party' a bit special. And I knew I had tough competition and would be up against the likes of Soraya and Shakti for starters who I could guarantee would be looking drop dead gorgeous. But going by everything else that has happened here I suspected (and hoped) that whatever I wore would not be on for long! After the first retreat I had foreseen the need to pack something for just this occasion and after a long shower donned my battle dress. I had chosen a shear see through chiffon kaftan kimono type dress in exotic vibrant colours of the rainbow. It was a loose flowing fit with loose sleeves and finished just above the knee. Imagine a sort of throw on beach robe that ties up round the middle with a matching sash and you have it. I tried it with a bra but in the end decided that I looked absolutely delicious without one. The question was whether to wear any panties? As it was just so revealing I went for a soft cotton red thong! I stood and looked in the mirror and felt satisfied with my choice. I looked sexy, and very little was left to the imagination. But at the same time, I had struck a chilled alternative casual vibe. Us girls have to think about such things! To complete the look, inspired by Shakti I slung on the longest silver spiritual looking chain I had, around my neck, and vowed to buy some much longer and exotic ones when I got home.
I sat next to Mark and Amy at dinner. Unusually they had wine available tonight. It was the first time I had seen alcohol at this retreat this week (except what Mark had smuggled it in). It was just a choice of red or white but as we had not officially had a drink all week most of us were embracing it with some enthusiasm! They just kept coming round and topping us up which is always a dangerous arrangement! Impossible to keep track! Very quickly I was feeling pretty happy and enjoying the buzz of the excited demob happy group.
Mark told me that unfortunately for some family reason that he was not staying for the party but heading off home early after dinner. He was not drinking of course. I say early because by the time he was home it would have been far too late to see anyone that evening. So, I never really knew what his reasons were, and I was disappointed.
After dinner we all migrated to the temple. Whilst we had been eating it had been furnished with what looked like enormous bean bags around the edge. The lights were dimmed down to the minimum and there were many candles burning. Shiva was playing music, but it was not dance music -more sort of Indian meditation music again. We chatted in groups standing around wondering if this was all going to be a bit awkward and a bit of a damp squib just like we had at the first naturist retreat. Thankfully two of the young waitresses appeared carrying several more bottles of wine. I noticed then that there were glasses here already on the tables.
It did not take long for all of us to have a glass in our hands and things loosened up again very quickly. I was sorry that Mark was not here as we had had a nice time together earlier in the week and spent a night together and it was a shame that we were not able to relax together here this evening. Anyway, I was having a discussion with Daniella and Gabriella when Joshua appeared in the temple and came over to join our group. Joshua was looking fit and trim and was wearing something similar to me actually that is a colourful Hawaiian looking kimono. It was easy for Joshua as he was a regular and knew to pack something to wear for this evening, but we congratulated him anyway on looking the part. I could not tell if he was wearing anything underneath this time! We must have chatted for about ten minutes when Daniella and Gabriella went off to the loo. There were no loos near the temple and you always had to walk back to the main building,
So, Joshua and I were left alone. Joshua then joked, "You are a bit over dressed by your standards Rachel. You are usually one of the first to get into the altogether! Shakti and Soraya are already as nature intended. What is wrong with you tonight?" With that he deftly opened up my kimono to reveal my thong. He carefully surveyed my body with an unusual amount of lascivious satisfaction and a cheeky grin.
I chuckled and said, "Well you had better do something about it then."
I was very happy to let Joshua take the initiative. And so he did. He slipped my kimono off my shoulders and it fell to the floor. The he bent down to pull my thong down my legs and over my feet one at a time. Joshua stood back up and admired his handiwork and then was suddenly shocked when he saw my bottom. I had forgotten all about it.
He said. "Jesus I cannot believe how red your bottom still is. Your bum and thighs have purple weals across them. I laughed and said it looks worse than it is. It does not hurt much, I am quite proud of my battle scars actually." I meant it-I really was proud of my wounds from the beating I had been given during the S & M session.
I had unfinished business with Joshua and needed to find out where I stood and how he felt. I bit the bullet and was very open and honest with him; I knew it made me vulnerable, but I had to know. I said, "I have to be honest that I had hoped you might call me after that night at the first retreat. I thought maybe we had something. I can't pretend I have not been disappointed."
Joshua cast a glance around and then suggested that we sit down for a bit on one of the bean bags. I hoped this was because he wanted some privacy and to talk to me alone before anyone else joined us. Actually, you cannot just sit down in a bean bag. You have to sort of squat down, then kneel, and then manoeuvre your butt over into the bag. We both did that making lots of suitable grunts and wondered if we would ever be able to get up again.
Joshua looked awkward for a moment, and then devastated that he had hurt me. He said, "Really? I am so sorry Rachel. I wanted to call; I thought about it so many times but was not sure how you regarded what happened."
I reached out and held his hand and squeezed it.
He continued, "I did not want to be presumptuous and take you for granted. I was worried you might just tell me not to be silly and that it did not mean anything special to you. I also did not want to abuse my role as a bit of a spiritual mentor to you. In fact, I felt I already had by sleeping with you."
I smiled and after a pause said, "Joshua you do not have to worry. I see you as a dear friend nowadays and someone who understands me and is on my wavelength. I just want us to be friends, and hopefully intimate friends and see where it leads. I thought we had sorted all this out at the party on the last night at the first retreat to be honest."
Joshua replied, "Well I can go with that. It's a deal. Shake."
I said, "Good that is that settled."
We were both silent for a moment and surveyed what was going on in the temple. Some others had followed our lead and collapsed into bean bags. Joshua realised we had left our glasses of wine on a table near us. He got himself to his feet with some difficulty and went and retrieved them. When he was back sharing the bean bag with me, I asked him, "Joshua-you do not have to answer this. You can tell me to mind my own business. I have never known. But do you have a special other?"
Joshua chuckled and replied, "That is fine. I don't mind you asking at all. But no, I do not. But I am lucky enough to have a group of a few special likeminded friends who I meet up with at their place or mine and enjoy spending time with. Sometimes they might stay for a few nights. So, no I am definitely not monogamous and could never be. But for now, I am lucky enough to have these friends who I love and enjoy having intimate times with."
I Thought, 'Hmmm. That is where I now want to be. How does Joshua handle this with such confidence? He was his own man that was for sure.'
I have always wondered about Joshua's sexuality to be honest. I thought now we were being honest with each other was as good a time as any to ask.
"Joshua. Last question. Do you also mind me asking...are you gay?"
Joshua laughed again." Well yes and no! I am bisexual. I thought you knew".
I felt stupid. I certainly should have known. Of course, he was. A thoroughly modern spiritual free-thinking free spirit embracing his sexuality. A man very comfortable in his own skin. I wondered if I would be identifying myself as bi sexual any time soon. Maybe. It certainly sounded like the enlightened free-thinking unconstrained path I was now resolving to pursue for myself.
"So, do you have a preference?" I chuckled. I felt I could get away with anything at that moment.
Joshua's reply was typically wise and not the predictable.
He said, "Well it is much more about the person. I am seeking kindred spirits who I find connection with and can play with occasionally. It is the exchange of energy and loving connection that is important. The gender of the person I am bonding with is immaterial."
Hmmm I thought again. The perfect answer, I have so much to learn before all this come naturally.
After a while they did put on some dancing music, but nobody seemed much in the mood. They were demob happy and excited -yes but were enjoying chatting too much. The buzz in the temple was very noisy. It was very interesting as various new prospective pairings and couples started to reveal themselves. For example, the good-looking Ralph and Gabriella -I would not have predicted that one.
Shiva changed to playing more spa relaxing like music and what developed was more of a ceremony of sharing love and connection. The new couple Ralph and Gabriella were soon canoodling and embracing on a bean bag. Anything goes here and nothing should surprise. Joshua and I eventually got back on our feet and became part of a larger circle that included Amy, Shakti, Daniella and Carol. All my favourite lovely people all briefly together. I thought how strange that in just a few hours we will all be apart back in our own worlds. We were all doing lots of laughing, hugging and cuddling in this fest of sharing the love. The others were all gradually undressing and more and more nudity was on display. This was after all a naturist retreat. The lights were turned off completely to leave just a soft dim candle light.
Later I collapsed back onto a bean bag again with Joshua. We quickly proceeded to a passionate full on and much overdue embrace, and tongues down the throat kissing. He still had his kimono on! I removed it quite forcefully telling him off for being a prude. He protested that he worked here. Was working tonight. That he was part of the management. I said that was just an excuse. That he was shy!
I spent the next forty-five minutes or so just with Joshua lying on that bean bag. I had had hopes and fantasies that this evening might be an opportunity for me to actually have sex in front of the group even if it was in a corner in dim light! At first when we started intimate canoodling I even contemplated the idea that Joshua might be up for that this evening. I had heard rumours that this party often did degenerate into a bit of an orgy. But if that was true it did not happen this week. Most people were naked by the end and there was certainly a lot of intimate fondling and cuddling but that was as far as it went. In reality people do not have sex in public very often do they? Maybe on some naturist beaches and of course in some sex clubs and naturist spas but not at a proper professional retreat in the UK. Although everything else had occurred there had not actually been any public full sex at either of the retreats. I was being a bit hopeful I concluded. Tonight, was not going to the night. But Joshua did have his hand between my legs, and I had my hand around his erect penis, so we were still having some fun. But before much longer Sylvia appeared walking round fully dressed and asked Joshua if he would mind going with her to deal with some problem or other. I never knew whether there really was a problem, because I could not imagine what that could have possibly been at that time of night that needed Joshua but there you go. I wondered if she disapproved of what Joshua was up to being naked and clearly in a state of arousal and in a full-on heavy-duty sexual embrace with a client. He was in trouble with the head mistress! We were jinxed I decided.
This evening was not as much fun as the last night at the first retreat. It did not get going as much. But it was OK. Rather like the first retreat very near the end Amy came up to me and flung her arms around me giggling and held me close. She whispered, "I am reserving you tonight. You are coming back to my room to keep me warm. Deal?"
How could I refuse? Amy who always surprises you. Amy who looks and pretends to be demure and shy but when she wants to be is the exact opposite. I replied, "Deal!"
When we left the temple, I did not want Shakti to see me going into Amy's bedroom so that was a bit awkward. I told Amy I had to go to my room quickly and I would see her in a moment. I waited until the corridor was empty and Shakti was not around before I gently tapped on Amy's door.
Amy did not know that I had spent a night with Shakti so I wondered how she knew that I might be open and curious to lesbian encounters. I suppose we had kissed and cuddled each other naked on a few occasions at the two retreats. When I furtively tapped on her door, she opened it immediately and I was giggling like a naughty school child. She thanked me for coming.
I said to her, "You have not wasted any time. You only came out on Monday when you introduced yourself as bisexual!"
Amy replied, "I know. What a roller coaster week. But I don't want to give you the wrong idea. I don't know what I want yet. I only know that I really like you and want to be close to you. And I just thought it would be so cosy and lovely to cuddle up with you tonight. It was a spur of the moment thing. Just seemed like a good idea at the time."
I understood. This week had been a whirlwind for me what with Shakti and Mark. I had only ever had the one girl on girl encounter with Shakti the previous night. It was all becoming a blur.
I replied, "I would love to just curl up with you Amy. Perfect. Just perfect,"
We chatted for a few minutes but were both tired out. We were both already so used to being naked together that we just naturally and easily slipped out of our kimonos and climbed into Amy's bed. Amy turned the light out and we kissed passionately. I laid on top of Amy pressing my breasts down onto hers and it was gorgeous. But that was enough for tonight and for now, and we drifted off to sleep very quickly curled up as two spoons with me behind Amy and my arms around her. It felt sweet, and innocent like two school girls.
On Saturday morning we were all nursing hangovers of one degree or another and spent ages in the car park hugging and kissing and exchanging contact information. Amy and I drove back to my home. We were feeling very comfy and were left with a warm glow about what we had done the previous night. I think it was the right thing and was a lot easier to deal with than if we had dived in and been a lot more intimate straight away. I knew that more would come when she was ready.
Back in My New Life
In the last chapter in my story-Chapter 04 I relate what has happened to me since the tantric retreat and some of my experiences in meeting up with my new friends.
Thanks for listening. Have fun. Love from Rachel x