Everybody in the office knew Petra. It was a fairly large office, but we were on the same team and often ended up working on the same projects. Petra was easy going, very friendly, had great communications skills, great social skills, great technical skills, and she was easy on the eyes.
Physically she was medium height, shoulder length brunette hair. She was in her early 30s, the same as me. She had one attribute that made her stand out from the crowd. Well, I guess that would be two attributes. She was capable of being very modest and at the same time, sexy as hell. Dolly Parton always came to mind when you saw Petra, and Petra was really good at stealing Dolly's boob jokes. She was very self-aware. Any time she came up in conversation it would immediately start with "Petra? You mean the top heavy one? Yeah, she's amazing to work with, so easy to get along with and so capable!"
And so we came to the events of this story. Sandy, our boss, called Petra and I into her office. That wasn't unusual, neither of us thought much about it, expecting a new assignment.
Sandy started: "our sales team has been dealing with a new potential client in Stanfield. They've got to the point where they want to talk to some people who know the technical side of things. I'd like to send the two of you on Friday for a meeting, would that work with you?"
Stanfield was a two hour drive away, not a big deal for a day trip.
"I can handle that, what about you Petra?"
"I have no plans, Friday would work fine with me as well." Added Petra.
Later that day I went to talk to Petra. "I've reserved a company car for the day. Want me to pick you up?"
"Sure", answered Petra "What part of the city do you live in? Just wondering if we should meet somewhere central?"
"I'm in Bluefield area, what about you?" I asked.
"Oh wow, we're neighbors! I'm at 47 Woodside." Petra added.
"I'm at 302 Burns, that's just a couple blocks apart! I'll pick you up at 9:00?"
"Sounds good!" Petra added. "That's a pricey area, how do you afford it?"
It was a valid question, but it went two ways. I figured I'd be honest with her. "My grandfather passed away a couple years ago. He owned the condo. It went to my father, who was an only child. It was an obvious place for me to live as long as I paid taxes and condo fees as my parents live out of town. How do you afford to live there?"
It was her turn for a story. "I live with my mother. She bought the rowhouse 30 years ago when it was affordable. We get along really well so there isn't much reason for me to leave."
And so, on a frigid Friday morning, I stopped by her place right on time, and she came right out the door. On time and making things easy as normal.
The drive went by in a flash. We talked about families, hobbies, interests, and of course work. We were both comfortable in our knowledge and weren't worried about being put on the spot.
As expected, the meeting went well. As expected, Petra drew the attention of everyone in the room. As expected, once she started talking to people, they were immediately at ease and her very large boobs became quite secondary. The meeting room was the first time I'd seen her without her winter coat on, and she was dressed both incredibly seriously, and incredibly sexy. Her white blouse was tailored so that each of her well-supported boobs was wrapped in a single layer of fabric with her smooth bra underneath doing all the heavy lifting. She wore a light grey sweater over it, unbuttoned so that it really only covered her arms and back. She wore black stockings, suitable for winter, and a skirt which was more to detract from the very tops of the stockings. By itself it would have been scandalously short, but with the leggings, it just made it all look classy.
It felt like a long meeting with a break for a catered lunch, but questions were answered, and everyone seemed satisfied. By mid afternoon it was time for us to head back home.
We were a little surprised to come outside after the day in the windowless conference room to find that the clear, frigid day had warmed up substantially, right around freezing with threatening grey clouds in the sky.
"Well, I guess we have to get going." I started. "We'll see if we can get home before dinner time."
Petra was a tiny bit nervous with an incoming storm but was happy to be heading in the right direction.
We got on the highway when the storm reached us. As it was just below freezing, it started as a mix of rain and freezing rain. The road had been super-chilled for some days and when rain hit it, it immediately froze, quickly creating a skating rink over the entire surface. The car was getting covered by ice, and traffic slowed to a crawl. Cars were off the road everywhere we looked. A look down at the traffic map on the dash showed that it was totally stopped ahead.
Just then we came to an exit. "Are you ready to consider getting hotel rooms for the night?" I asked Petra.
"This road is terrible, and I don't have anything going on tonight or tomorrow. Do you think Sandy would mind if we put it on the company card?"
"I've known Sandy for 5 years" I answered. "She would be 100% supportive of that."
And with that, we finally reached the exit and pulled off. There was one hotel in the area and we pulled into the full parking lot. I dropped Petra at the door with her coat and the small bag she had with her. "See if you can get a couple of rooms before anyone else comes along. I suggested.
I found a spot at the far end of the lot, grabbed my backpack with a few essentials in it, and headed into the hotel. By the time I got there, Petra was just done talking to the front desk. "They have one room left, and I just got it for us. Lucky we got here just in time!"
She said that so casually. I wasn't sure if I should be thrilled or horrified. "Are you sure you are OK sharing a room?" I stuttered, not quite sure I could believe my luck.
"We are both adults. We can handle it. It can't be too hard, can it?" There was just a momentary dip of her eyes towards my crotch, and with perfect timing added, "or perhaps it can!" with a wink.
And thus the real adventure began.
We went straight to the room to find that there was only one bed. It didn't seem to phase Petra at all. "My back is killing me; can you help me get my bra off?" What an opening line!
She took off her sweater and I realized that her blouse was buttoned all the way up her back, leaving the front completely smooth. "That is an amazing, tailored blouse. It fits you perfectly! But how do you get it on?"
"Well, I can reach the buttons by myself if I work on it, but it is much easier to get someone else to help. Mom buttoned it for me this morning. She's the seamstress by the way, another reason why I'm not in a rush to leave home!"
I undid the 20 buttons and she let the blouse fall to the bed. "Can you unsnap the bra while you are there?"
I'd seen a few bras in my day, and this was by far the largest I'd ever seen. It had 8 hooks holding it around her petite frame, and broad shoulder straps. I released them all and she let it drop in front of her. I was astounded to see just how large and natural looking her boobs were -- and more than a little excited. Standing behind her, seeing her drop her bra, my first reaction was to start massaging her shoulders. "That feels so good! Keep going!" Then she dropped face down onto the bed, allowing me to give her a full back massage.
After about 5 minutes of her sounding like she was in ecstasy, she rolled over, giving me my first full look. "Can you massage this side now?" She asked.
It is safe to say that I was more than willing. Her mounds were huge, with large areolas and thimble sized nipples that got hard to the touch. I thought I was going to cum in my pants as I massaged. Of course, I could only handle one at a time, but I tried to give them equal attention.
She snapped me out of my reverie. "I think we need to have some dinner and we can continue this later!"
Well, she was right. "I guess I'll need your help to put my blouse back on." I finished.
She put the blouse on again without her bra. She lifted her breast individually into the sculpted pockets that were made just for then. I redid the 20 buttons then she turned around. "How do I look braless?" she asked.
The real answer was "Spectacular!" The fitted pockets for her boobs highlighted their size and shape. The thin material, unencumbered by a bra, clearly showed her dark areolas and her nipples were standing at attention. I at least tried to answer diplomatically: "you'll have the attention of every man in the restaurant, if that is what you are going for." I suggested.
"We don't know anyone here; I think I'll go for it! In fact, I'm going to lose the leggings too."
She sat on the bed and pulled the leggings down under the tiny skirt. I was concerned that the skirt had no chance of hiding anything without the leggings. She was not concerned. In fact, it turned out that leggings were the only thing under her skirt. I was in shock. "No panties?" I asked.
Petra laughed. "I'm not quite as conservative as you might think I am!" and bent over, facing away from me, clearly showing a large jewel between her bum cheeks.
"You've been wearing a butt plug all day?" I blurted out, surprised.
"It keeps me on my toes!" She replied. "We'll take it out later and perhaps put something else in there?" She suggested.
Now, I'm no shrinking violet, but I'm not exactly used to a woman teasingly suggesting that anal might be on the menu for later on in the evening. I was too shocked to say anything, but as normal she took the lead. Petra arranged herself as best she could, making sure her boobs were even in the top and the skirt had some reasonable chance of hiding her private parts in normal movement.
And so we headed down the corridor to the restaurant. As expected, it was busy. We had to wait by the entrance for 10 minutes for a table to free up. It was sort of funny to see the different people within sight trying to avert their gaze while at the same time wanting to stare at the attractive woman with very large, natural boobs very much on show, and a skirt that might lift to reveal even more if a slight breeze were to come by. Finally, the waitress came to fetch us. Petra became her normal charming self as we were walking to the table. Even as every eye in the restaurant was focused on Petra, Petra was talking to the waitress. "Thanks for being here tonight! It must be tough knowing you'll have to go home in this weather later."
"Not an issue" responded Sarah, our waitress. "I wasn't even scheduled to work, but I live two minutes' walk away and thought they could use some help and I could use a little extra money. The boss was more than happy to have my help!"
We enjoyed the meal. Petra and I chatted more about life, making a few allusions to what had happened in the room, but not wanting to be overheard. It was enough that Petra looked like a high-class hooker. I guess that would make me a rich businessman, something I wasn't really comfortable with. We talked work, making sure that it was clear that we were equals. A glass of wine had gone well with the meal.
After paying the bill and leaving a healthy tip for Sarah, we got up to leave. As we walked into brighter light I looked over at Petra and noticed that her blouse was wet around her nipples. I was confused for a second. "Petra, you're leaking!" I whispered, slightly horrified.
"Oh, dear," she giggled. "That happens sometimes. We'll have to deal with it later. That wine was good, would you like to stop at the bar and have another drink?"
I was really struggling to keep up with reality, so another drink sounded like a good idea. As we stepped out of the restaurant Petra dropped her purse and immediately bent over at the waist to pick it up. My jaw hit the floor again as I realized that half the restaurant, which was already watching her commanding presence, saw her bare backside under her skirt with the jeweled butt plug in the center of it all. "That was fun", she giggled, "let's go get that drink."
A bottle of wine later, we relaxed. The wet spots on Petra's chest had expanded, making the thin material almost invisible. Honestly, it looked like the classiest wet t-shirt I'd ever seen. As much as I was enjoying her exhibitionist tendencies, I couldn't help but think of what might happen back in the room. "I think I'm ready for the next step," Petra said. "Shall we explore the hotel then go back to the room?"
I felt like a dog on a leash as she headed out. I was almost drooling at her sexy confidence and her showing everything that she had. There wasn't much of the hotel to see, but there was lots of her to be seen by the few other people we ran across. The swimming pool would have been very tempting if we'd had anything remotely appropriate to wear.
"I think we've seen everything there is to be seen," I started. "Are you ready to head back to the room?"
"It is time." She concluded. "I'm getting uncomfortable and really need to express some milk. Do you want to help me?"
My dick got even harder, though I didn't know that was possible. "I have so many questions, but not one of them related to my desire to help you! Exactly why are you lactating?" is the best I could come up with.
As we headed back along the corridor she explained. "A couple years ago I was on a medication that had a weird side effect of starting milk to be produced. It was a huge turn on to me, and I started expressing milk, even getting a pump, and it has been happening ever since. Occasionally, if I haven't emptied them for a while, like today, they'll start to leak. Are you sure you aren't turned off by lactation?"
"If you want me to suck you dry, I'd be the happiest man alive tonight."
"I think that would make us both happy then." she concluded as she opened the room door.
Things happened very quickly. I unbuttoned her blouse again, still mesmerized by her massive tits, which now had droplets of milk around her nipples.
"Strip!" she commanded as she hung up her damp top. I didn't need to be told twice. She laid down on her side and I laid next to her, my mouth eagerly seeking her nipple. I was trying to be gentle, but slight sucking caused a stream of warm delicious milk into my mouth. Her other boob was on my cheek, dripping away. When the milk ran low, we changed sides, and I emptied her other breast.
It was an amazing experience, so natural and gentle yet so unusual!
"Would you like me to suck something else?" I asked as I shifted position.
"YES!" was her emphatic response.
I flipped around, lifted the tiny skirt, and started gently licking and sucking her labia and clit. It didn't take long at all until she was shaking from an orgasm. As it faded she gave me the next instructions: "I don't have condoms, but I do have lube. If you want to remove the butt plug, I'm sure you'll fit in there nicely!"
And there it was. The direct invitation to do anal.
Petra reached for her bag and pulled out a container of lube, then stuck her bum in the air and said, "pull it out gently!"
I was surprised how hard it was to get it out. I had to add a little lube and rub it around with my finger before the plug gently came out. "You had that in all day?" I exclaimed.
"I did" was her quick reply. "But you'd better put something else in there soon!"
I slid my newly lubed dick in her ass and we both gasped. "This feels sooo good!" I exclaimed. "I just wish I could feel your boobs at the same time!"
"That can be arranged," she said.
After a bit of gymnastics, I was on my back and she was squatting over me, her ass impaled on my dick, my hands trying to hold up her massive tits, one at a time.
To be honest, we didn't last that long. I shot my load into her ass just after she started convulsing with a second orgasm. I pulled out, and she laid next to me, pulling me into her chest. It was yet another wonderful feeling.
We were both spent. It was time to wash up, brush our teeth and cuddle under the covers. It was an early bedtime as the sleet skittered across the window.
We woke up after the sun came up. Petra was behind me, her breasts pushing into my back. I very quickly became rock hard. She sleepily reached in front of me and verified my condition.
"Are you up to doing it again?" She asked.
"Only if I can go down on you first! Your pussy tastes delicious."
After one orgasm from my licking her, she grabbed the lube and handed it to me. "Take it slow, there's no plug in there this time!".
She was obviously used to things being inserted in her bum, as it opened up quite easily with some gentle massage of my finger. My dick followed shortly and once again we both orgasmed quickly.
After cuddling and petting for a few minutes, she finally spoke. "I can't imagine a nicer way to spend a Saturday morning. Unless you want to take me out to breakfast!"
We showered together, cleaning each other carefully, making sure to get everything clean. Petra dried her hair as I picked up the few things we had scattered around the room. I helped her into her blouse, again braless, and we headed for breakfast.
The drive home was beautiful. The sun was shining on all the icy trees, but the road was fully clear. We talked and held hands the entire way. It was over far too soon.
"I'd love you to come in and meet my mother." Said Petra.
"Wouldn't that be a bit awkward after last night?" I asked. "Exactly how much did you tell her?"
"She knows all of it, well at least the one room with one bed. She winked at me and said 'You go girl!' We are very open about sex, so my only concern is her hitting on you."
That was a new one to me. My family treated sex as a hush-hush thing. Nothing against it, just very private.
We walked into the nice little townhouse. I was a little apprehensive, for obvious reasons. I'd just fucked her daughter in the ass.
"This is Amy, my mom."
Amy was sitting behind a table, reading a book. She stood up with a big smile on her face. It was easy to see where Petra got her body and her personality. She was wearing beige leggings that were intended to be worn under something else. Her lack of panties was immediately obvious as she was showing a very clear cameltoe. Her top was much the same, very thin, very stretchy, and very revealing. She wasn't quite as large as Petra, but her nipples were very prominent through the thin material.
"I'm so glad you came! I was hoping I'd get to meet you!"
Amy came over and hugged me. I had no ability to control myself and her close hug revealed to her that my body found her very sexy. "Oooh, nice!" she said as she verified my condition with her hand.
"Mom", Petra laughed, "Don't get too forward! I've not had a chance to fully experience him yet!"
"Can you unbutton me, I'd like to get into something more comfortable." She said to me.
In the middle of the living room, in front of her mother I undid the back buttons on her blouse. I gave her shoulders a quick massage as she pulled it off. "Don't stop!" She said. "It feels too good."
After a minute working her shoulders and back as she told her mother about the trip, she grabbed my hands and moved them to her breasts. I couldn't believe how open she was!
"Let me go get dressed, perhaps you could give Mom one of your magic massages in the meantime."
Amy surrendered herself to me immediately, sitting backwards on a kitchen chair in front of me, facing away. I worked her shoulders and down her back through the thin material. A couple times she halfheartedly held my hands and tried to move them to her front, but I decided that it really wasn't a good idea!
"Oh that feels good!" said Amy. "It would be even better skin on skin." She reached down to grab the hem of her top just as Petra reappeared.
Petra came out of the bedroom wearing a similar, incredibly thin stretchy top that hid nothing, and a different short skit from before.
"Have you got any condoms Mom? We weren't able to make love properly in the hotel because we didn't have any."
"Top drawer on the right, under my vibrators. I think you might need size XL from the feel of things!"
"Thanks Mom!" replied Petra, with a slight bit of a sarcastic tone.
Again, Amy reached for the hem of her top as Petra called: "Found them! Come on in and fuck me properly."
Petra's room was pretty nondescript. Usable, well laid out with a queen bed in it. She wasted no time. "Strip!" she commanded.
I complied, and as my underwear came off, she had opened the condom and had it ready to go.
"You are going to fuck me without me taking off any clothes. How's that sound?"
From Petra, anything sounded just fine. "But you are leaking again, do you want to deal with that?"
"Nope, I like being a bit messy, we can deal with it after!"
Both of us were so horny that we didn't need any warmup. I went straight in, she gasped "You feel big there too! Take it slow!"
I did take it slow, but not for long. I was banging her, she was bouncing wildly, the bed was squeaking, Petra was moaning. Amy was within easy earshot and the door was wide open.
I came first. My interaction with Amy had really worked me up and I had a screaming orgasm as I filled the condom. I deflated so quickly I was useless to her, and didn't want to risk the condom coming off my quickly lessening member.
"I guess you'll have to do with my mouth. Are you OK with that?"
"I would love that: NOW" was her response.
There was no hesitation, I was licking and sucking as she produced copious amounts of lubrication. I sucked it all up, loving every second of it. It didn't take long until she had her loud groaning orgasm, and I was once again reminded that Amy was hearing it all.
After cuddling for a few minutes Petra said: "We really need to talk to mom, she'll be getting all worked up out there by herself!"
I wasn't quite sure how to take that. I was reaching for my underwear when she said "Wait, you don't want to get those all messy, let me give you some." and she grabbed a pair of baby blue full-coverage panties from her drawer.
Not wanting to question her, I pulled them on. They were comfortable and fit well but were thin and quickly showed a stain in the front as they got wet. "Oh, let's just go out like this" she said as she pulled me out in just the panties. Of course she wasn't much better. She now had big wet spots around her nipples, and her skirt had plenty of secretions on it.
"I think you had fun!" said Amy. It was very clear what she thought of it as there was a big wet spot on her leggings between her thighs. "Petra, you are leaking badly, do you want your pump?"
"No mom, I've found a much better way to deal with it." With that she pulled up her top and pulled me over to her lap. I drank that intoxicating milk for what seemed forever as Amy and Petra had a normal conversation. When she was dried up, I sat up, milk over my face, and Petra pulled her top down as if nothing had happened.
"Well, we'll have to get you cleaned up and on your way, sorry for delaying you!" Said Amy.
"Are you kidding? I think this has been the best day of my life, and it isn't even lunch time!"
"We'll have to do it again soon then." Said Amy. "Though you might have to come over some time that Petra is out."
"And why would that be?" I asked, curious how far I could push things.
"Because you seem to be uncomfortable getting too close to me with her around!" She said, as she winked at Petra.
Petra giggled. "I think he might have enough stamina for both of us, look at him!"
I considered my situation. I was sitting on a sofa, wearing a pair of baby blue panties. Next to me was a woman my age with a very large chest, milk-stained thin top, tiny skirt that was covered in pussy juice and being extremely nonchalant about my situation. Across from me was a woman 20 years older than me, also wearing clothing that was inappropriate for the occasion of a man visiting her daughter -- and having a big wet spot in her leggings between her thighs.
"I'm afraid that I think I should head home before I do something that I, or we, regret." I said gently. "So far I've been thrilled beyond anything you could imagine, but I think I need to slow down and think about things for a bit!"
The demeanor in the room changed. Petra's hand moved from my crotch to my hand, and Amy closed her legs, somewhat hiding the wet spot.
"I fully understand," said Petra, "but I really, really hope we can see each other again. And I hope this doesn't affect our work at all -- I really like working with you."
"Don't worry, I don't think any less of either of you, you've both been incredibly fun and welcoming, I just feel like I've jumped into the deep end and I'm not quite sure how to swim. You'll have to teach me!"
Petra hopped up, popped into her room and brought me my pants and shirt. "Just wear those panties, you can bring them back later."
"I think you are just making sure I have a reason to come back -- don't you worry about that! Just give me a few days.... But can I take you out for dinner tomorrow after we've had a chance to settle in a bit?"
"I'd be thrilled! Or, I've heard at work that you are a good cook. Do you want me to come over?" asked Petra.
"I didn't want to be that forward for a 'first date', but I would love that. Red or white wine with your lasagna?" I responded.
"Red please" responded Petra.
"Sorry to leave you out Amy, but I'd like to get to know Petra more without it being too confusing."
"Oh, I understand," said Amy graciously. "We do a lot more around here than sex, but the two of you's exploits last night got me really turned on. I'll remember that for next time you are over and try to be a normal mom rather than a full-on MILF, if you know what I mean."
"Well, yes, it has been a bit confusing to deal with two incredibly sexy ladies at the same time and I don't want to cause any issues between the two of you."
"I don't think you have to worry too much about that" responded Petra. "We're pretty open here and able to work things out. I do think mom has been too long without a man though."
With that I put on my jacket and shoes and headed home. Petra's last words were "remember to buy some condoms!" This was a situation I'd never even imagined. Petra was a dream come true -- beyond my wildest dreams. Continuing a relationship with her would be incredibly satisfying in so many ways. Amy made things confusing. My body wanted to fuck her so badly, and Petra didn't seem to have any qualms about it, but at this point I wanted a friendship and a relationship, not a triangle. It might be a minefield; it might be a delight. We will see.
Sunday night at 5:00 Petra buzzed downstairs at my condo. I met her at the door and helped her take her long coat off. I gasped as she turned around. She was absolutely stunning. I'd only ever seen her in work clothes or, well, sex clothes. She was wearing an ankle length green satin dress with a slit to her waist. I didn't know that bras existed that could do what they did for her cleavage. "Are you going to the Oscars afterwards? You look dressed to make an impression!"
"I just want to impress you, silly! I'm not sure if you've noticed before, but I like dressing up for the occasion, and this is the occasion of our first date."
"Wow, I'm falling for you hook line and sinker. I suppose I shouldn't ask you this, but how come you don't have a boyfriend? I'd think with your beauty and personality that you'd have guys lining up." I suggested.
"I'll admit I've had a few guys -- and shared a few of them with Mom, to be honest. Most really just wanted sex, as did I. It lost its attraction pretty fast. I know you enough to know that you are a lot deeper than that, and the way you treated me at the hotel really made me fall in love, I think."
"Wow, that's humbling, I guess. As much as I'm obsessed with your incredible sex appeal, it is your personality that makes me really enjoy your company. Talking while driving really gave me a feel for the real you, and I really hope we can go deeper."
Dinner was a success. The movie after was very enjoyable with company. The sex after that was once again mind-blowing. For the first time we were alone in a familiar environment.
It was getting late. "We both have to work tomorrow, what do you want to do?" I asked her.
"I don't want to leave you. Can I stay over, and you can drop me home for a few minutes to get ready in the morning?"
And so we spent another night together, blissfully sleeping in each other's arms.
Arriving at work together the next morning in the company car caused a few people to question things. As we got into routine and getting projects rolling, it was even easier to work with Petra. We found ourselves being a little too close in the office, not only physically, but thinking for each other and finishing each other's thoughts. We left at the same time and caught the same train home.
As the week went on we spent more and more of our spare time together. On Friday Sandy called us both into her office and closed the door. That made us a little nervous.
"It's pretty obvious that something happened between the two of you on your trip last week. You are both great workers, but workplace romances can be challenging. Sometimes seeing too much of someone is a bad thing. I want you to know that there are some options, and I'd want the best for both of you. Do you feel that you can continue to work together for now?"
I looked at Petra, she was feeling the same as me, I could tell. "Thank you for being considerate," I started. "You are right, Petra and I are seeing each other. That has actually made it easier for us to work together, but I understand that too much time together could eventually lead to problems, so I think it is good for us to think about." I looked at Petra who just nodded agreement.
"I'm glad to hear that." replied Sandy. "If it becomes a strain and either of you feel that a little more distance is required, there are similar teams in this location where one of you could transfer to. While I'd like to handle it as adults, like we have here, if I see problems developing, either between the two of you, or the two of you excluding others from the team, I'll be really quick to pull the trigger and send one of you to a different team, you understand?"
Petra spoke up: "This is what makes you a good manager Sandy, you deal with things before they become a problem. We'll be mindful of what you've said. Hopefully we can all act like adults as this develops."
"Excellent!" said Sandy. "Now that that's over with, what actually did happen on your trip back from Stanfield?"
We all laughed. Petra explained the road situation and getting the only room in the hotel -- and one bed. Sandy seemed in a bit of a dreamland. "I really don't want details," she laughed, "I think you've explained enough!"
I had a suspicion that she would have liked to be in my situation and have shared a bed with Petra.
Chapter 2: Amy
The next month was a blur. Petra and I both got large bonuses for the new customers as a result of our initial visit. We spent lots of time at my place but made sure to see Amy regularly. Amy's vivacious, sexy edge seemed to have faded, and when we took her out for a meal, she could almost have been seen as frumpy. She was super nice and friendly, but the fire inside her seemed to have died.
Petra and I talked about it and the reason was pretty clear.
"She really likes you and likes us being together. I think it is a combination of not wanting to get between us, and a bit of rejection. It's hard for me to watch." Said Petra.
"What can we do to help her?" I asked.
"Well... any time you are ready, you can turn her back into the tiger that you saw the first day."
"Are you sure you are OK with that? I'm super comfortable with you, but I don't want anything to come between us!" I added.
"I'm fine with it if you are. Treat her like a Friend with Benefits if you'd like. It doesn't have to be romantic; you just show your acceptance of her and make her feel desirable and sexy." continued Petra.
"Hmm," I started. "Does she have any fantasies that we can act out?"
Petra through for a minute. "I recall her mentioning before how she'd like to be tied to a bed and ravished by a stranger. Would you like to act that out?"
"If she'd like, I'd be happy to oblige! How do we go about it?" I asked.
"Tomorrow, 7pm, show up at my place unannounced. I'll have her ready! -- but I will be hidden, it will just be the two of you as far as she's concerned -- and though she'll suspect, she won't know for sure."
The next night I showed up on time. I knocked on the door -- no answer. I opened it, saying nothing. I heard some sounds from Amy's bedroom, a bit of moaning. As I entered, I understood what was going on. Amy was laying there, wearing the thin leggings from the first day, already soaked at the crotch. Both hands and legs were tied to the corners of the bed, and she was wearing a blindfold and a ball gag. Petra was nowhere to be seen, though I knew she wasn't too far away. There was a pair of scissors on the night table, obviously placed there for my use. I roughly rubbed her wet pussy, staying silent. I grabbed the seam and ripped the leggings apart at the crotch. I took the scissors and cut her top and her bra straight up the front, fully exposing her front. She struggled gently, but it was obvious that she was playing along.
I went down on her, licking her until she moaned in pleasure. I turned around and went deep inside her, banging her hard as she laid there exposed and helpless. She came again, screaming into the ball gag. I don't know how I hadn't come yet, but I was going to make the most of this. Grabbing the convenient lube, I lubed my finger and started working her asshole. She gradually loosened up, and I knew she was ready. I lubed my dick and found a position where I could enter her ass while she was tied to the bed. When she orgasmed the third time, I came as well, filling her ass with creamy semen.
Silently, I did a quick clean-up and left the house. Petra was in her car outside, waiting for me.
"How was it?" She asked excitedly.
"I think she'll be in a better mood! You might want to go release her now though. Want me to return in a few minutes?"
"I think that would be a good ending to the fantasy!" replied Petra.
Ten minutes later I went back into the house. Amy was sitting on the couch, still wearing the torn leggings and cut top.
"I hear you just had a fantasy fulfilled." I opened.
"I did, and it was amazing!" responded Amy, making no attempt to cover up.
And with that, the Amy I met the first day was back.
Life went on. Petra and I grew closer and enjoyed springtime together. Amy was busy sewing Prom and Bridesmaid dresses, but she had a special project for a local gala and was invited to the ceremony. Petra and I were asked to join her. I'd not really been to a fancy dress event before, but Amy and Petra were excited about it and being able to dress up and be a bit showy. Petra was always showy, even when she tried to cover up, but this would let her show off her best assets! Amy measured me up and converted a tux to fit me perfectly. Petra made a gown of super-thin material with a slit above her waist. It was a halter top and the thin material covering her breasts revealed an incredible amount. Side-boob, cleavage and nipples all readily visible. Amy's was similar, though blue instead of green.
It was fun mixing with different people and being seen with the sexiest two women at the show. In the cab on the way home, we were quite drunk and laughing about it all. I had to suck Petra's milk dry in the back seat as Amy encouraged me, then use one hand between each of their legs to get them nice and wet.
When we got to their place, I was invited in, as normal, and they were too horny to wait their turns. With their gowns still on, I was sucking Amy and fucking Petra, only to reverse positions so they both got some dick time. It was the first night the three of us had spent in one bed, and it was amazing.
I was spending plenty of time at their place, but I retreated to my condo often to get a break and have some alone time. It always seemed that I was relieved for five minutes to be alone, then I missed the joy and fun of being around Petra and Amy.
A couple weeks later I was at the house and got a call from my father.
"Hey dad, what's up?"
"We've got a little problem and I needed to talk to you. Our business has been struggling lately, and the only way that we can grow is to invest a significant amount of money in new equipment. I'm afraid we are going to have to sell the Condo. You've been there a few years, and we know you've been putting money aside, do you think you want to buy it?" Dad asked.
"I hate to say it, but it is way out of my price range! I love it, but I knew this time would come eventually. Give me a bit of time to figure out my options."
After a few minutes of chatter, we said goodbye, and I started to worry.
"Petra, Amy, I'm not sure what to do! I'll have to move, but there is no way I can afford to get something in this part of town, but I don't want to be away from you guys!"
Amy looked at Petra. Petra looked at Amy. "Isn't it obvious?" Started Amy. "You are more than welcome to move in with us! You and Petra are bonking every day, and I'd be happy to have you around. Would you like to try it?"
"That's a really generous offer, Amy. I know you worked hard for this place, and I don't want to crowd you, but you are right, I do enjoy your company a whole lot. I'm willing to try it."
After discussing with my parents, I decided to move in the next month. July 1st was moving day, not that I had a whole lot. My parents came into town and met Petra and Amy.
"But it's only a two-bedroom house." Said my mother. "Where will you sleep?..." and she realized that she really didn't need an answer. Petra and I just smiled, and mom blushed. "I guess I should know by now not to ask questions that I don't want an answer to -- but I'm so glad for you two! And Amy is OK with it?"
Amy was behind her. "I'm more than ok with it." she spoke out. "Your son is a great guy, a good friend, and does his share around the house. He helps both of us as we need it." She said, giving me a sideways wink.
And so, a new chapter in my life started. Keeping two women happy could be a challenge, but I was committed to Petra, and Amy was a friend I helped out as needed — all with Petra's encouragement.