Two university students sat on the bench on a hot summer's day. "There's this rumour I heard where if you go to Lovers Lane at night you can see some freaky shit." Said Lance, he was studying to be a physiotherapist.
"Yeah or get stabbed, do you know the crime rates in that place, no thank you." Replied Jonna.
"You're studying chemistry Jonna I can tell you that you're going to see your chemistry go down there." Lance winked at his best friend.
"No you perv I have to work on this science project anyway it's due next week."
"Alright I'll cut you a deal if you come to Lovers Lane on Friday night then I'll help you out with your assignment on saturday." said Lance
Jonna hated to admit it but Lance had always been weirdly good at chemistry and he did need some help. "Ugghh fine, but hey no blowing things up this time."
"No promises, I'll see you at 8 for a burger" The two split for lunch
It was night time on Lovers Lane the place was dimming lit in pink lighting rows of food trucks facing one another before opening out into a stage and a dance floor. A dozen Cherry blossoms had been planted here, their bloom now finished, the paths were no carpeted in pink leaves. Once upon a time it had been the talk of the town and almost as popular as the annual book fair but now it was quite even on weekends it could only pull a modest crowd and this weekend it seemed even less.
Bella slumped at the counter of her Hot Dog food truck. Bored. She couldn't remember when she last served a customer. A couple looked at the menu of the food truck in front of her, Nelly's burgers. The blonde, blue eyed Nelly greeted them with a smile but after a quick perusal of the menu the customers left. Bella directed her a smirk which was noticed by Nelly there had been a rivalry between the two vans for quite some time. Nelly's smile vanished and she slipped behind the curtains hiding the interior of her food truck. "Any customers?" Dave said half heartedly peeking out from the yellow curtains behind Bella. "No Dave, another quiet night." He returned to the kitchen, and his phone. He was around average height with an athletic build and a trimmed beard. Bella fanned herself in the hot night, she wore all black an oversized shirt with a slit just above her breasts, where beads of sweat could be seen trickling down into her cleavage. A skirt and stockings completed her outfit.
As the night went on she stared daggers at Nelly who was dressed in a white blouse, black corset and a blue knee length dress hidden from view behind the curtains. Her hair was braided while Bella liked to let her brown hair flow freely. Nelly was staring back at her blue eyes pierced by brown but Nelly did not share the same sinister expression, she seemed flushed. Bella's rival looked to check no customers were around and then parted the curtains to reveal a man behind her with his face obscured under her dress. Nelly mouthed a moan, the game had begun.
Dave was watching a video on his phone, a girl shouted in surprise at someone from her shower. When the curtains in front of him were parted by a butt backing up on him. Bella moved up and down on his crotch he dropped his phone, video forgotten. Dave felt around Bella's amazing ass and down into her thighs, abruptly she retreated and spun around her hands pulled on the fly of his jeans. "We'll beat them tonight, hun" she said. She pulled Dave's hard dick from his jeans and licked down it's length. "Wow, you're harder than normal."
"It's that outfit you're wearing babe it's.. It's working for me."
"Oh you mean this?" Bella gestured to the slit where, from his perspective he had a clear view of her boobs, and then she pulled down on it and released them further.
Dave sent a prayer to the designer that made that shirt. Bella grinned at him, locking their brown eyes then began sucking.
Dave let out a moan, it felt amazing. He put a hand through her hair to control her speed, gently. He wouldn't last long with this. The slurping continued, Bella let out a moan now as Dave reached down to feel her boobs. Bella pushed back and took a deep breath. "One second." Bella put her girls away and peaked back out of the curtains to check on her rival. Nelly now glistening with sweat her boobs bounced back and forth, she flicked the curtain. To reveal her man, Ned hard at work, they had already started fucking. "Shit, quick babe we're behind." Bella went back to the counter and stuck her rear through the curtains, and dave happily parted her panties and thrust into her. She let out a moan in response and he started pumping her, knowing that time was short.
Across from them Nelly was growing more and more flushed. Ned reached a hand around and stuck a finger in her mouth. She sucked on it victoriously. "Shit, shit shit" thought Bella. The game was interrupted and two students walked up to Nelly's stand. Bella used her foot to kick Dave, the agreed sign, that meant customers and he paused still inside her. Nelly, to her credit did her best to act composed but Bella realised, although it was subtle, even while she was taking their order her man was still fucking her, slowly. Nelly was trying to play it off as dancing and being over energetic but Bella wasn't fooled, she was stunned this had never happened before.
She shook her head, fine if Nelly can break the rules so can Bella. Bella gripped the counter in front of her and pushed back into Dave's dick still hard inside her and began fucking him. She pushed back hard and fast, feeling her own pleasure grow and having to muffle her moans to not alert the two students now with their burgers leaving. It wasn't long before the pinch on her bottom came and she spun around. Grabbing a premade hotdog on the cooktop. She began sucking Dave again, hands free, one hand playing with herself and the other hand holding the hotdog.
Dave grabbed her hair this time roughly and started fucking her mouth quick enough Bella struggled to breath, her back arched as an orgasm arched through her, Dave pulled her free and shot thick globs of cum on her face and the hotdog held in her hands. Bella collapsed on his leg for a moment catching her breath. Dave stroked her face. "You're amazing, we've won this for sure."
Snapping back to reality Bella composed herself and walked out in a triumphant stride. Nelly across from her was rolling her eyes in pleasure, Ned had increased his speed now the customers had been served. But it was too late she saw Bella take a bite of the hotdog and scowled. Bella had won again.
"I am telling you that chick was getting railed from behind" Lance said to his friend, having recently finished his burger. "It's a hot night she was just sweaty and moving around because she was bored."
"She moaned when she squirted mayonnaise on your burger." Said Lance.
"The girl just really liked her job I think."
"Yeah her job of having sex."
"They weren't having sex, all the other vendors were doing the same thing, lots of moving and sweating it must just be normal here" Joanna replied innocently.
"My friend, my friend, you need to get yourself a girlfriend" Lance wrapped his friend up in an armlock and ruffled his hair. Then ran off.
"Hey you still need to help me with my assignment" Shouted Jonna chasing after him.