Note:This is a work of fictionAll characters depicted in sexual activities are all 18-years-old or older at the time they are engaging in those activities. Any similarities to actual persons, living or dead, or events, past or present, are strictly coincidental.
~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~
I really disliked school. It wasn't so bad at first, when I was attending a small private school where I managed to distinguish myself by passing both the second and third grades in one year. This was due to the small classes sharing one large classroom and it was easy for me to finish the work for the second grade quickly enough to do the work for the third.
My mother was overjoyed to see my picture in the newspaper showing me receiving my 'Double Promotion'. The school was happy with the award they received for recognizing and encouraging talented young students to excel. But things changed when I entered seventh grade and had to change to a public school. I was two years younger than the rest of my classmates owing to the promotion combined with the fact that an allowance had been made for me to start first grade at the age of five instead of having to wait until six like other kids. My attitude was that it would mean two less years in school but as I progressed through the grades into high school, the age difference became an issue.
Being smaller than other kids removed sports as an option for me. Other clubs and activities bored me since I was two years behind in age but two years ahead in intellect. Most of my time was spent concentrating on my studies, which resulted in straight As in all my subjects. In the tenth grade an IQ test verified I was a genius.
In my senior year the age difference really hit home. My hormones had awakened and I discovered girls. One girl in particular: The captain of the cheerleaders, Marsha Willis. It didn't help that we were both in four of the six classes I was taking. She perpetually distracted me by her presence even sitting on the other side of the room. I had the worse case of unrequited puppy love in the history of the world. The situation was hopeless. I was obsessed with her and she was oblivious to my existence.
Mom was disappointed with my refusal to attend the senior prom because I didn't want to spend the evening transfixed by Marsha's beauty while feeling like I had to pay attention to some girl who would appear desperate enough to go to prom with her kid brother. The sad thing was that I was actually a good dancer because my mother had insisted on my taking dancing lessons for years. She forced me to choose between dancing and piano and having my hands on a girl was more appealing than having them on a keyboard.
One day stands out in my memory of the sweet torture I endured while sitting in History class daydreaming of Marsha. We were both in the front row, I was on one end and Marsha sat three desks over to my right. The teacher made one student come up to the front of the room every Friday and look through several newspapers from all over the world to find stories that appeared to have historical significance and compare the subject to other periods in history. Today was my turn to be the chronicler. I stood nervously behind the desk where the papers were spread and quickly scanned the pages to choose a topic.
Directly across from the desk sat Marsha in her cheerleader uniform. My eyes kept darting up from the papers to look at her. I expected her to ignore my glances but she looked back at me with a very pleasant smile on her face. I couldn't tell if she enjoyed making me flustered or if she was just playing with me but it was difficult to stay focused on what I was supposed to be doing.
Thankfully the teacher called out to me, "Jeff, we only have half an hour for this." What the hell did I care about the historical significance of some stupid act in a country I'd never been to? I wanted to stare at Marsha for the rest of the day. Nevertheless, I managed to find a couple of stories and force my eyes away from Marsha long enough to get the job done.
However, Marsha wasn't through with me yet. When class ended I deliberately took my time putting my books and materials into my backpack until everybody else had left the room. Everybody but Marsha that is. She slowly turned sideways in her desk then stood up and walked over to stand in front of my desk.
She didn't say anything, just stood there looking at me. The look on her face was actually wistful rather than displeased. I didn't know if I should say anything or simply wait for her to speak but after what seemed to be a long time, but was probably less than a minute, she turned and sauntered to the door. I had no idea why she did it. Maybe she knew how I felt about her and was just silently telling me that she didn't mind. Nothing like that ever happened again. Well, not with her anyway.
Graduation finally arrived and my parents were proud and pleased with my being an honor graduate. I saw Marsha in her cap and gown and smiled at her while we waited in line to receive our diplomas. It would be the last time I saw her.
My mother had already decided where I would go to college. There was no way in hell she was going to let me go to a school far away from home. I grudgingly saw her point. I was used to having things done for me like laundry, grocery shopping, fixing meals and all the other chores that I was completely unprepared to undertake for myself. I still put up a fight but she pulled a dirty trick on me to persuade me to attend the local college five miles down the road. She told me if I would go there for at least the first two years, she would let me pick out any car I wanted and buy it for me. I knew I was being bribed but was still very displeased about going to the local school. Unbelievably she actually kept her word and after I was accepted, bought me a Porsche.
The thing that bothered me most about going to the local college was its reputation as a party school. It was a place where the children of rich, mostly New England families sent their kids to get a degree with very little actual education taking place. I felt like I would be out of place since I was so young. I couldn't party and drink with this crowd and manage to actually show up for classes. What I didn't know until I got there was that the school had been threatened with loss of accreditation if they didn't increase their emphasis on academics. The parties would still continue but no longer could students coast through their classes while the professors handed out passing grades like candy.
Despite having a great car and girls that would at least talk to me, the first two years of college were uninspiring. I went on dates occasionally but never really had a girlfriend. I wasn't even motivated to study and ended up at the end of my sophomore year with a 2.5 GPA. I received a letter in the mail informing me that if I didn't improve my grades to 3.0 in the first semester of my junior year I would be kicked out of school. This got my attention. It got my mom's attention too.
Getting kicked out meant bye-bye to the car and to being able to get in another school so I'd have to find a job. I was trapped. Instead of transferring to a big university, I was going to have to knuckle down and spend two more years at the local school. The only good news was that now I was eighteen. I knew what to do with girls and was finally old enough to do it.
I had changed my major twice and now the only degree I could graduate with was in Mathematics. This also meant being required to take other science classes as electives. My biggest challenge was Organic Chemistry. For the first time in my life I was intimidated by a subject and had a hard time with it the first two weeks. The professor came to my rescue and told me he would have a twenty one year old Senior Chemistry major tutor me. He neglected to mention that my tutor was female. This turned out to be a major milestone in my life.
When I showed up at the Science Center for my first tutoring session I was as shocked by my first encounter with my tutor as I had been that day in History class with Marsha. The meeting was to take place in one of the labs. The door to the lab was locked so I knocked on it. When the door opened I saw a young woman that could stop time. She had long blonde hair, a gorgeous face and tits that I'd only seen on women walking the red carpet at the Oscars. Her world-class ass was showcased in bright yellow short shorts that revealed a considerable amount of her cheeks below the bottom of the tight garment. What really completed the picture were the large, expensive, very dark sunglasses she had on.
She looked at me and said, "Jeff?"
I stammered out, "Y...Y..Yes."
"Come on in." She locked the door after I entered the lab. "Hi, I'm Carol, Carol Green. Professor Barnes said you were having a little trouble with Organic Chemistry. Is that right?"
"Yes it is. I don't know why but I seem to have some kind of block about this subject. I can't stay focused on the textbook and the lectures and I'm intimidated by the lab experiments. I did great in my freshman chemistry class but I feel lost now."
"Well, this can be a difficult course but I'm told that you're a very intelligent young man and I'm sure we can clear up your confusion pretty quickly."
"I hope so because I'm at a very pivotal point in my life right now and I need to get my studies under control. This is the first time I've ever had this type of problem and it really bothers me."
"Jeff, can I be really candid with you?"
"What do you mean?"
"I want to ask you some questions that don't necessarily have a direct bearing on Organic Chemistry. Is that OK with you?"
"What kind of questions?"
"Questions that will help me find out what is really going on in your life. Where are you on your path. What are you looking for. What is the source of your present confusion. I've been where I think you are and I know how to move beyond that place. Will you be open to my helping you with more than just Organic Chemistry?"
I looked at her and didn't answer right away. She removed her sunglasses and I saw the most beautiful blue eyes I'd ever seen. They seemed to look directly into my very soul as they stared fixedly into mine, yet they were not menacing but rather calming. "I guess so. Nobody has ever wanted to know about me on that level before. I'm not even sure what any of this means but I get a good feeling about you and I'll try to answer you as honestly as I can."
"That's good Jeff. I can't help you with anything unless you trust me completely. Nobody can. They can give you some answers but they will be borrowed and not authentic and that won't lead to understanding. I don't have time anymore for bullshit. I've had unbelievable opportunities to learn from all sorts of people and occasionally I meet somebody that I feel like I can help by passing along what I've learned. I don't do this to show off or impress people. I do it because I feel a connection with somebody and an obligation to share what I consider to be true knowledge."
"Do you feel a connection with me?"
"Yes, I do."
"Then ask whatever you want."
"Remember Jeff, there are no right or wrong answers to these questions. They must be your answers not something you think I want to hear. I'm not going to judge you or reprimand you for what you say. I only want to find out who and where you are."
"OK"
"Before we get started I'm going to tell you about myself. I believe this will help you to see where I'm coming from and that I truly want to help you."
"Sure. I'd like to know more about you."
"I was born with not just a silver but a golden spoon in my mouth. My father owns the largest ranch in the state of Texas and is a billionaire. I didn't want for anything when I was growing up but both my parents were incredibly real and spiritual people. They raised me to see what money could do to help both my own personal growth and the well being of the entire planet. A week after my eighteenth birthday my father told me to accompany my grandfather on a trip. We drove down to Mexico, crossed the border and met a man named Hernando. We then proceeded to a small town on the edge of the Chihuahuan Desert. We rested until the sun began to set."
"We then drove out into the desert for about two hours to a place that had several little huts and a ring of stones in the center that formed a fire pit. There was a woman that appeared to be Native American and another older man with long gray hair. I was taken into one of the little huts where the older man took some little round buttons out of a suede pouch and gave two of them to me and told me to chew them up and swallow them. The buttons were Peyote. When I had eaten the buttons I was given an earthen cup with a drink that tasted like strong tea with herbs in it. We then went outside and sat in front of the stones that formed the fire pit. My grandfather and the woman had built a fire while I was in the hut and the warmth felt good as the night began to chill."
"It's difficult to describe what transpired for the remainder of the night. After about an hour I began to have visions. Some things that happened in my past seemed to be happening again, only now I was just an observer. Then things that I had never seen before began to appear. The others began to chant and sing in a language I was unfamiliar with. Then I felt like I was disintegrating. I didn't know if I could remain in my body. I was taken back into one of the huts and my clothes were removed."
"There was a lantern hanging in the center of the round hut. The woman removed her clothes and sat cross-legged facing me. When I first saw her I thought she was rather non-descript, a little overweight and about thirty years old but now I saw her as a vibrant and beautiful young woman in her early twenties. We spent quite a while just looking at each other. Then she wrapped me in a multi-colored blanket and put her arms around me and sang a song. I had no idea what she was saying but I felt calm and peaceful and loved. When her song ended I had more visions and was able to see myself for the first time. I realized what my life had been preparing me for and what I needed to do to proceed from this point forward. The next thing I remember was waking up in the morning."
"I spent the rest of that summer before coming here to this school exploring my inner being. I returned to the desert a couple of times and took Peyote and psilocybin mushrooms and became more familiar with my true self. I had tremendous insights about my life and was able to center myself on an almost permanent basis. I was able to drop a lot of nonsense that I had believed to be important and I met people that I would never have known if I had not gone there."
"My mother was very adept at yoga and she taught me since I was a little girl. When I returned from Mexico she took me to a private beach resort and we spent a week doing yoga naked every morning and afternoon while we were high on LSD. The experience was truly life changing. It completely redefined our relationship."
"By the time I got here I was solidly committed to my studies and I've been able to stay focused on my academics and make time to enjoy myself without it distracting me. That's really the key to education Jeff; you can have a good time when you know how to make learning fun. I love learning and feeling myself grow as I achieve things."
"Wow Carol, that's certainly not the preparation I had for coming here. The only drug I've ever tried was weed. It was fun but it didn't change my life."
"Well, let's see how you respond to my tutoring and maybe we can change your life."
"Why do you think you have been a mediocre student since you have been going to school here? You certainly have the intelligence and the ability to do much better."
"I suspect it's because I didn't want to attend this college. My parents insisted I come here and so far I've just done enough to get by."
"So your poor performance is due to your resentment of being forced to go to this school?"
"I guess so."
"Jeff you can't just guess about this, you have to be sure. Zen master Dogen Zendi has said, 'If you cannot find the truth right here and right now, where and when do you expect to find it?' Is there something else that is keeping you from making good grades?"
"No. It's my feeling that I was coerced into being here."
"Now I want you to think very carefully about this next question. Who do you think is going to be hurt the most by your childish protest against being here?"
I was silent for a moment before I answered her. "Me."
"The greatest sin is wasting time Jeff. Don't you think you've wasted enough? You do know you'll never get those two years back don't you?"
"Yes, I see that now. I'm my own worst enemy. I'm also taking up a place that somebody else would feel extremely happy and fortunate to have. Thank you for making me aware of that."
What about sex Jeff?"
"W...w...what about it?"
"Do you like sex Jeff? Do you have sex often?"
"I like sex. I'd like it more if I had somebody to do it with."
"Do you have a girlfriend?"
"Not really. I go on dates occasionally but nothing steady."
"When was the last time you got laid?"
My silence was answer enough for her.
"Jeff, are you a virgin?"
"Yes."
"You do like girls don't you?"
"Very much."
"Then why haven't you had sex with one?"
"It's my age. I only turned eighteen six months ago just before the end of my sophomore year and I haven't met a girl that really seemed to want to do it with me."
"No wonder you can't concentrate on your studies. There must be a raging storm of hormones inside your body. Let me assure you that you have just met a girl that would be extremely happy to have sex with you."
Before I could say anything she walked over to me and kissed me. She completely overwhelmed me with a mixture of tenderness and eroticism. I didn't know it could feel this good to kiss somebody. She held me like we were lovers and kissing me was the best thing she had ever done. While I was still dazed from her kiss she pulled back and smiled at me.
"We don't have time for a proper fuck but we do have time for me to show you that I am truly committed to helping you."
She dropped to her knees and her hands reached for the button on my jeans. She deftly undid it and slid the zipper down then grabbed the waistband and pulled my pants and underwear down to my ankles. My freshly exposed dick immediately began to swell in anticipation of what I hoped was about to happen.
"Oooohhh Jeff, I can see you're eager for your first lesson. I guarantee you're going to be pleased with it."
The fingers of her right hand gently encircled my shaft while her left hand cradled my balls. Both hands conspired in soft squeezes that sent warm rushes from my genitals to my brain. I watched in rapt fascination as her full lips opened and slid around the head of my dick. Her soft, wet tongue traced slow circles around my glans making me lightheaded as my shaft stiffened in response to her mouth's attention. I was having a difficult time believing that someone so beautiful, so skillful, so intelligent and experienced was giving me my first real blowjob.
She was right about my being pleased with it. I'd never felt anything so good in my life. The way she orchestrated the actions of her mouth and hands had me rock hard in less than a minute. She pulled back and released me from her mouth but continued to stroke my shaft and caress my balls.
"That's it baby, enjoy this." A little spurt of precum oozed out of my tip and she slid the tip of her tongue over my hole to ensnare it. "Ooohhh yes you taste so sweet. Give me some more Jeff." I was delighted to do as she asked and soon she had an almost constant stream of my shiny slick juice flowing onto her tongue. Her left hand gently squeezed my balls then her right hand stroked up and down the length of my shaft to coax the slippery fluid out of the tip. She kept this up for a couple of minutes then looked up and said, "I can tell you're starting to get close. Put your hands on my head and fuck my mouth. Do it the way it feels good to you. Take your time and when you're ready pull back so only the head is in my mouth and then cum all over my tongue."
Slowly raising my hands, I placed them on either side of her head. Her soft blonde hair felt like strands of silk to my fingers. I looked down at her and saw her looking directly at me. Her eyes sparkled and smiled at me. I pushed forward and watched the tip of my dick part her pouting lips then slide gently into her warm mouth. The sensation of the underside of my shaft slipping gently over her tongue was incredible. When I was half way in I pulled back until only the head remained inside. As I repeated this movement I inserted a little more with each stroke until I was buried in her to the hilt with the head sliding into her throat.
Thoughts flashed through my brain. At last somebody wanted to do something like this with me. I was no longer the too young kid that nobody found desirable. She wanted me and it didn't matter how old I was. She cared about me enough to give me this incredibly intimate gift. I never wanted this to end and at the same time I couldn't wait to spray cum into her mouth until I filled it completely. Finally, biology exerted its irresistible mandate and I pulled back as she had directed me and began to spurt strong jets of my cream over her tongue and watched her swallow each one in succession until I was drained and almost unable to remain standing.
She pulled back and released my dick with an audible pop. "Now that we have that out of the way, what do you say to doing a little chemistry?" She stood up and walked over to sit on a stool in front of a long table. "Pull your pants up and come over and sit beside me."
For the next hour she explained what I was supposed to learn in this course and how I was to learn it. She showed me the important parts of each of the first five chapters of the textbook and explained how to do the experiments in the lab then told me to examine her notebooks that were required documentation of the experiments.
"Jeff, you are fully capable of doing this. It just takes some effort and anything you have trouble with you can ask me about in our sessions. I'll meet with you at least once a week and I'll do the first couple of experiments with you so you get familiar with the equipment and how to use the various apparatus and chemicals."
When she had finished, I felt much more comfortable about being able to do a good job in this class. "Carol I don't know how to thank you for what you're doing for me. Nobody else has ever treated me like a true friend and been genuinely concerned about me like you do. You're truly remarkable."
"I told you I loved learning and I also love sharing that love of learning with others. You're a very intelligent and capable young man and I'm very sure I can help you achieve your goals. I'm also going to give you an incentive plan. Dr. Barnes gives six tests in a semester including a mid-term and a final. For each test that you make a B or better you will receive a night of pleasure with me in my bed. So take advantage of what I'm offering and we'll both get something wonderful out of this. Hopefully it will improve your attitude toward going to school here if you have a girlfriend."
Today was Monday. The first test would be given next Friday. I was going to make a B on that test if I had to study every waking hour from now until I walked into the classroom to take the test. We exchanged cell phone numbers so I could call her whenever I needed help as she spent a lot of time in the science center working on her own classes. Before I left she put her arms around me and kissed me again. I felt ten feet tall when I walked out of the science center and got in my car.
Driving home, thoughts about what had just happened to me were buzzing around in my brain. I had really learned something very important because somebody had treated me like I mattered. And they had done it in such a friendly and caring manner. Carol had shown me how to become motivated to achieve something valuable to my life. That in itself would have made the session worthwhile but she had seen where I was blocked inside and done something to remove those blocks. I was beginning to get an idea that there were actually two parallel types of education. The first was the formal classroom environment where teachers use books to cram knowledge into your head. This primary education had been the only form I had known up until now.
Carol had given me a glimpse of another form. This was the education you got one on one from somebody who genuinely possessed this type of knowledge. It couldn't be written down; at least not in a way that you could absorb it. This was secondary education. I suddenly understood that my life would never be all that it could be without both forms.
Over the next few days I threw myself into studying the first five chapters of the Chemistry textbook with a fanatical zeal. I went to the library and spent hours reading other books that discussed the lessons and even found copies of previous tests that Dr. Barnes had given in the past. Suddenly the lights had come on in my head and I was soaking up the material like a thirsty sponge. I spent fifteen minutes with Carol on Thursday, the day before the test, and she quizzed me to see how ready I was. I answered every one of her questions and she was delighted with how well prepared I was. She gave me another one of those toe-curling kisses and told me to get a good night's sleep and stop thinking about Chemistry until I walked into the classroom the next day. All the way home I could feel her hands on my butt where she had squeezed me when she kissed me.
I took her advice and did homework for my other classes until dinner was ready. After eating I headed for the living room and put on a movie. My mother walked by and saw me sitting there. "Don't you have a test to study for?"
"I've already studied for my test. I'm just letting it all ramble around in my brain for a while."
"Don't you have homework in your other subjects?"
"That's all done too."
"OK, but you know you've got to improve your grades this semester."
"I'm well aware of that mom. I'm prepared for the test."
When the movie ended I went to my room and got ready for bed. I slept better than I had in days and awoke at seven thirty. I had a leisurely breakfast and spent a few minutes going over the material I expected to be on the test. I felt confident that I was prepared to do well. This is what I had been lacking the entire time I had been going to school here. I was never truly engaged with learning. Most of what I was being taught seemed unnecessary and uninteresting. Now I realized what an opportunity I had to become something more than just a bright kid. I needed to become an informed bright kid. Knowledge was important in today's world and I had been resisting it.
The drive to school was routine and I found a place to park in the lot at the science center. When class began, Dr. Barnes announced that since this was the first test he would spend a few minutes going over the important concepts he hoped we had all digested well enough to make a good grade on the test. A lot of the students seemed a little nervous and anxious but I felt very comfortable that I had a firm grasp of the content. We were allowed fifty-five minutes to complete the test but I was finished in forty. I rechecked my answers and turned in my test then walked out of the classroom.
I didn't have another class until two so I walked over to a little park next to a small lake and read some material for it. This class was Differential Equations and my newfound interest in learning had already affected my ability to absorb these lessons better as well as my Chemistry lessons. It felt good to know that I was finally in synch with what I was doing at this school. I had made a decision. Either quit or get to work. Carol had inspired and challenged me to do the latter and I would be eternally grateful to her for what she had already taught me.
The next day was Saturday and although I didn't have a class, I could go to the chemistry lab and do an experiment since the science center was open from eight in the morning until eight at night. I got there around eleven and spent an hour doing one of the assigned experiments for the next week. I was so engrossed in what I was doing that I didn't even notice Carol had walked up behind me.
"Very good Jeff. You really seem to be getting the knack for this stuff."
I turned around at the sound of her voice and saw her beautiful smiling face. "What brings you here?"
"Two things actually. I have an experiment of my own to run and I wanted to talk to Dr. Barnes' assistant. He's the one who grades the tests. I was just about to send you a text to inform you of your grade when I saw you in here."
"So, are you going to keep me in suspense until I get the test back next week or are you going to share the result with me now?"
"Oh I'm going to share al lot more than just the result with you. Do you have any plans for tonight?"
"No I don't."
"Then how would you like to get your reward that I promised you in my incentive plan? You aced the test smarty pants." She stepped forward and gave me another scorching kiss. Her soft breasts pressed against my chest unrestrained by a bra and I almost stopped breathing as her hands molded themselves to my butt cheeks. She finally pulled back and let me up for air. "I've been looking forward to this as much as I hope you have. I'm tempted to take you into one of the offices and lean over a desk so you can fuck me doggy style. But, since this will be your first time I'll resist that temptation and we can go back to my place as soon as we're finished here. I think I can promise you a very pleasurable introduction to the joy of sex."
"Can I have a rain check on fucking you in the office?"
"Count on it."
Despite the anticipation of what was going to happen later I was able to stay focused on my experiment and with Carol's help got it successfully completed and documented. She then let me do her experiment with her and taught me some things about Physical Chemistry, the course she was currently taking. There was a lot more math involved but being a math major, I was able to understand it. The joy she exhibited in learning was infectious and I actually had fun working with her. Even when a problem came up she approached the solution in a way that was both scientific and childlike at the same time.
When we had finished documenting our results and cleaning up the lab we walked out to the parking lot. She told me to follow her to where she lived and in less than fifteen minutes we were pulling into the driveway of a beautiful home in a very upscale part of town. She pulled in the garage and I parked in the driveway.
"Wow Carol, this place is fabulous. Do you rent a room here or live with friends?"
"Neither actually, I own this house."
"I guess that's one of the perks of having rich parents."
"My father is very savvy about investments. He knew this town was growing and if I was going to spend four years here going to school he wanted me to be comfortable. This place is already worth more than he paid for it. Plus he remodeled it and made some improvements. He told me to hold onto it for a while until I thought it was time to sell it. I'm rather fond of it and intend to keep it for a hideaway. Come on in and I'll show you around."
The architecture in this part of town was Old Spanish. Most of the homes had peach colored stucco walls and orange barrel tiled roofs. Vines grew up the walls and old oaks stood tall in the yards to provide shade. I had been in one before when my parents once dreamed of living here.
The house was larger than it looked from the street because the lot was deep. We walked in the massive wooden front door to a great room that towered twenty feet high with a balcony all around the second story where the bedrooms were. On the other side of the great room four sets of double ornamental iron gates provided access to a courtyard outside that was partially enclosed by ten foot walls. Beyond the courtyard was a pool.
The kitchen and dining rooms had been enlarged from the original floor plan and were elaborate and functional. There was a study in one corner of the house that was full of books and expensive furniture. Two large master bedrooms and two smaller ones took up most of the second story. Luxurious bathrooms accompanied them. Small balconies off each of the bedrooms afforded a place to sit and have a morning coffee in peace while listening to the sounds of the breeze blowing through the oak trees and the birds happily chirping.
"Carol this place is incredible. You really know how to live. Thank you for sharing it with me."
"Jeff I have learned that joy cannot exist unless it is shared. This house and the expensive furnishings only have value when they are shared with others. Having you here increases my happiness because it also makes you happy. This is crucial to understand, it is your attitude that makes all the difference. All of this will be gone some day Jeff so there's no point in trying to possess it exclusively. Have you ever read Shakespeare's play the Tempest? In that play Prospero says"
Our revels now are ended. These our actors,
As I foretold you, were all spirits, and
Are melted into air, into thin air:
And like the baseless fabric of this vision,
The cloud-capp'd tow'rs, the gorgeous palaces,
The solemn temples, the great globe itself,
Yea, all which it inherit, shall dissolve,
And, like this insubstantial pageant faded,
Leave not a rack behind. We are such stuff
As dreams are made on; and our little life
Is rounded with a sleep.
She led me out to the courtyard and told me to sit in one of the lounge chairs.
"You make yourself comfortable and I'll go make us some tea."
Who couldn't be comfortable in a home that came close to being as fabulous as the Alhambra in Spain. I spent a few minutes wondering what I had done to deserve the attention of somebody like Carol. I was already in awe of her and I suspected I had only glimpsed a small part of her. The thought crossed my mind as to what a wonderful world this would be if everybody were like her. Her honesty, enthusiasm, concern and compassion surrounded her like an aura and made you feel good just to be in her presence. How do you get to a place where you drop all the drama, the lying and bullshit in your life? And when you do, what makes you want to share it with others without preaching or proselytizing?
Lost in contemplating these questions, she startled me when she returned with a tray that had two cups on it. She sat the tray on a table beside the chair I was sitting in and then knelt beside me. "What are you thinking so hard about?"
"You. Do you have any idea how amazing you are? I've not only never met anybody like you before I wouldn't even believe anybody who told me there was somebody like you. You have an atmosphere around you that makes me feel at peace for the first time in my life. Not just on the surface but deep inside."
"To answer your question, I do realize how amazing I am. I don't say that to brag or inflate my ego but to celebrate my existence. I also realize that everybody else has the potential to be amazing. Some more than others and when I meet a person that I feel can be receptive to growing and learning from me then I grow and learn by sharing who I am with them. I've been fortunate to have been with people who have nurtured my own growth and spiritual development and I have an obligation to do the same for others. I was admonished not to be a missionary but to be an example. Nobody needs to be told about the light if they will only open their eyes and see it for themselves."
I looked at her and saw the light. "That's what you're doing for me, you're teaching me how to open my eyes. Ohhhh Carol, I...I..." I couldn't finish that sentence because the tears began to stream down my cheeks and it felt like a dam had burst inside me. My crying turned to sobbing and she moved forward to hold me in her arms.
"Ohhh my sweet, wonderful friend, cry your tears. Let them flow and wash away the boulders inside you that have been blocking you. It's not your fault Jeff. Nobody has helped you to see before. That's what I'm here for. Give them to me and I will make them disappear just as Prospero foretold."
I don't know how long this catharsis lasted but she stroked my head and kissed my face until I finally settled down.
"You could give a girl a complex Jeff. I brought you here to have sex with you and you're acting like I'm going to torture you."
"Please don't take this the wrong way but after all you've already done for me I think having sex might be anti-climatic. It scares me to even imagine how wonderful making love with you could be."
"It's a good thing for you that you're not going to have to imagine it. We're going to spend the rest of the day and night doing it. Now you sit up and drink this lovely tea I've made just for you. I must tell you that it contains Ecstasy and Viagra as well as some herbs that will make you feel invigorated and horny. If you don't want to drink it I can fix you some without the drugs. I don't give a drug to somebody without telling them what it is first."
"I've heard about Ecstasy and I've always wanted to try it but I'm pretty sure the Viagra won't be necessary. Just the sight of your naked body will be all the erection inducing stimulation I'll need."
"That's very sweet of you to say but you need to trust me; I'm a chemistry major remember and I've had quite a bit of experience with drugs. I don't use them casually to do silly things or as an escape. I want that lovely cock of yours to have the best time of its life tonight."
"What about you? What's in your tea?"
"Everything but the Viagra. Ecstasy isn't called the love drug for nothing. For me, it turns sex into a religious encounter where not just genitals meet but souls touch. But you have to control the conditions. Freak-outs and interruptions can make for a very disappointing experience. I'll see to it that we are not disturbed tonight. It takes about thirty to forty minutes for the effects to be felt so while we're waiting I'll put on a little show for you. Drink up."
I finished my tea then leaned back in the lounge chair. Carol drank hers then took the cups and the tray and went back in the house. She was gone for about fifteen minutes and when she returned she was dressed like a stripper in a high-class gentlemen's club.
Music began to play from camouflaged speakers hidden away in the courtyard. The music was electronic and had a beat that did a lot more than just suggest sex. Besides the overdone make-up, she wore a diaphanous gauzy scarf around her boobs that did very little to cover them but left a touch of mystery. A tiny black lace thong struggled to contain the full outer lips of her pussy with limited success. Bald beavers had not become the fashion that they are today so seeing that she couldn't possibly conceal even a single pubic hair in that little garment was a real turn-on.
Thigh-high black stockings and four-inch patent leather heels completed the outfit. She danced like she was a professional that had been doing this for a living since she was old enough to be in a club. Up until now I had mostly seen her in regular clothes and lab coats. The little shorts were the most risqué thing I had seen her wear but they were still acceptable for school.
She danced around the courtyard striking classically sexy poses that showed off her attributes to maximum advantage. She held the poses long enough for me to fully appreciate just how sexy and gorgeous she was. I couldn't find a single flaw.
She moved to the chair I was reclining in and swung her leg over my chest straddling me with her back to me. Very slowly she bent over and gave me a view of her magnificent ass, all but naked save for the little string of the thong that ran up her crack to a similar one around her waist.
"Touch me Jeff. Put your hands on my ass and slowly run them down my legs."
Having never had the opportunity to do this to a real live woman before I was a little surprised that my hands didn't shake as I placed them on those perfect cheeks. My palms immediately began to buzz with an electric tingle. I'd never touched anybody that had produced this effect on me and wondered if things got better from here, would I survive the night?
Quickly deciding there were worse ways to die my hands began to slide over her ass and down her thighs to her knees. Then I slid them back up only this time my hands were on the inside of her thighs and didn't stop until my fingers eased into her crack. She pushed her hips down a little to make sure my fingers got a warm introduction to her pussy. I took that gesture as an invitation and moved my index fingers over the part of her outer lips exposed by the tiny thong.
"Oooohhh Yessss Jeff. I love the way you touch me. Your hands tell me you not only desire me but also admire me and value me without wanting to possess me. You are a true innocent Jeff. There can be no secrets between us, no hidden agendas, no expectations, no unconscious judgments. Only truth. I will teach you how to be with me in a way that few people will ever know. We will go beyond sex for a while into a realm of pure ecstasy."
Having never had sexual intercourse before I wasn't too sure what lay beyond sex but I trusted her and if she could take me there then I was all in. I raised my chest up until my head was inches from her ass and took a deep breath. If the tea didn't make me intoxicated then the fragrance that suffused my nostrils would have been enough. My olfactory nerves were overwhelmed with an aroma that no language has a word to express. The mixture of scents that included her own personal pheromones was so exotic and dizzying that I had to close my eyes and try hard to keep from fainting.
I leaned forward and placed my lips on her right cheek and kissed her as tenderly as you would kiss a newborn baby. She pressed back ever so slightly to encourage me to continue. My lips then took a tour of her ass, pausing occasionally to softly lick a spot or gently nibble the immaculate flesh with my front teeth.
She moved forward abruptly and swung her leg over me to stand beside my chair.
"That feels incredible Jeff but this is not the right time or the right music for that."
She then continued her dancing until the tune ended. "How are you feeling Jeff?"
"Very good. Better than I can ever remember feeling. You're really a good dancer. Where did you learn to do that?"
"Here and there. I love to dance. It's great exercise and has a spiritual component that appeals to me. I once saw a movie with Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers where they danced everywhere they went instead of walking. I did the same thing for a week and it was great fun."
"Didn't people think you were crazy?"
"People who dance are often thought to be crazy by those who cannot hear the music."
"I hadn't thought about it like that. So what's next on our agenda?"
"I'm just starting to feel the Ecstasy and I need to take this make-up off so how would you like to join me in a bath?"
"Wow! I'd love to. Nobody has ever asked me to bathe with them before. It sounds like fun."
"Oh it is. It's one of my favorite activities and an indulgence I allow myself at least once a week. I've got a big tub so we won't be crowded even though we'll be close together most of the time. I get turned on running my hands over somebody while I bathe them. It's very sensual."
She led me upstairs and into her bedroom where she quickly removed what little clothing she had on. I was so entranced watching her undress that I forgot to remove my own clothes.
"You need to get naked to bathe with me. Now take those clothes off and I'll go get the bath started."
When I walked into the spacious bathroom the bath was running and she was sitting in a little chair removing her make-up. I didn't feel the least bit embarrassed to be naked with her. Maybe because she had already seen me naked from the waist down when she gave me that fabulous blowjob in the lab. But it could also be the effects of the tea she had given me. I was feeling a warmth spreading through my body that made me feel relaxed and comfortable. I sat on the edge of the tub and watched her until she scooted the chair back and started walking over to the tub.
She moved with the effortless grace of a leopard. I could sit and watch her walk for hours. Hell, I could sit and watch her do anything for hours. She was the most beautiful female I had ever been this close to in my life. She reached for the tap and turned off the water then stuck her hand in to feel the temperature.
"That's perfect. Get in and sit in the middle of the tub."
Following her directions, she got in and sat behind me.
"I'll start by washing you and then you can wash me. I'm going to wash your hair because when you have taken Ecstasy you want to be as clean as you can."
She picked up the spray and began to wet my head. The warm water felt great raining down over my body. She then put the spray down and poured some shampoo in her hand and began to lather up my hair. She did this so precisely and slowly that it felt more like a massage than a shampoo. The sensations were heavenly. Her delicate fingers gently caressed my head and neck until she was satisfied that my hair was clean enough. She rinsed my head with the spray then spread her legs around mine and pulled me back until I was lying on her.
"The Ecstasy is kicking in now. Just lie back and relax. Feel my body pressed against yours and breathe with me. What we're doing now is becoming comfortable with each other, getting to know that we want to be close and not just to use each other for sex as though we needed to get it over with as quickly as possible. Men benefit from this too but for women it's an absolute necessity. This tells us that you value us."
The warm flush of the Ecstasy was all over my body now. I felt incredibly peaceful and my breathing slowed to match hers. This wasn't sex. It was intimacy. I had never experienced this with another person and now I was being given a graduate level class in it. Why didn't people do this with each other all the time? Are we all so preoccupied with our phones and jobs that we skip this? Are we that crazy, that busy? Have the ten thousand things so completely absorbed us that we forget to live? She kissed the back of
my neck and massaged my shoulders with her hands. Waves of pleasure coursed through me with each heartbeat. Why don't they teach this in college?
"OK your turn." She pushed me up and retracted her legs and turned around. I turned too so I could begin to shampoo her hair. Repeating her technique, it only took a few seconds of lathering her hair until my hands felt like they were actually experiencing something akin to an orgasm just from the touch of her hair. I slowed my movements and moved my fingers through her hair as though I had never done this before and never would again. The pure sensuality of this mundane act assaulted my senses. It was all I could do to finish washing her so I could rinse her and lay her back on me like she had done.
The lather had run down over her face so I washed that too. Touching her was indescribably sensuous. She gave herself to me completely and seemed to almost purr when I slid my hands slowly over her face. I resisted the urge to kiss her, knowing what we were engaged in needed to proceed slowly. I rinsed her and wrapped my legs around her. She leaned back on me and put her wet head on my shoulder. Our breathing synchronized.
It was at this moment that I began to realize just what an astute chemist she was. The combination of compounds she had put in my tea were nothing short of miraculous. The brew was altering my body, mind and consciousness simultaneously. My sexuality was increasing rapidly. My mind was racing with thoughts that were attempting to make connections with my past and present in new and startling insights. My consciousness was heightened and moving from that little voice in my head to other unexplored realms. She was more than a chemist; she was an alchemist, a magical conjurer, a sorceress.
I could easily have been pulled in different directions to explore the effects individually but I knew deep down she was inviting me, challenging me to take the full ride and absorb all that was happening without being overwhelmed. So I did the one thing that seemed to make me better able to cope with this chaos... I cupped my hands and brought the water up her stomach until I reached her fabulous breasts. I poured the warm liquid over them and refilled my hands with her soft mounds. The impact was explosive, for both of us. I had never felt anything more wonderful than her breasts. My arms became high voltage lines carrying the sensations to my brain where they spread through my synapses at the speed of light.
I had felt a girl's breasts before while making out with her but I had done it perfunctorily. It seemed to be a logical and hopefully welcome escalation of what she expected me to do. It was a pleasant experience but I realized now that it was done as prelude to something else, not as an activity to be enjoyed for itself. After the initial shock of feeling them in my hands, Carol's breasts put me into a spell; they mesmerized me. Their warmth, texture, shape and suppleness all combined to drive my brain to the red line as it tried to keep up with the pleasurable messages it was receiving.
I was aware not only of the external characteristics of these delectable appendages but also of the inside of them. I could sense their contents and could feel the blood flowing through them, the same blood that had only recently been in her beautiful heart. I began to caress them reverentially. Handling them as if they were fragile Faberge Eggs. She began to sigh softly as I tenderly massaged her. Nothing I had ever done had given me this much enjoyment. It was truly rapturous. My fingers lightly brushed across her nipples as though I was blind and trying to read Braille. I actually trembled as I felt them enlarge and harden.
I thought about how these incredible organs gave an entire grouping of living beings their name: mammals. They were my first contact with the world; the source of my nourishment. They literally convey life from one person to another. Suddenly, I got an almost irresistible urge to suck them. I forced myself not to yield to this urge because I knew we had more to do in the bath so I filed this desire away for later.
"Jeff I feel everything you're feeling while you do that. Your hands are telling me that we are in the same place. We've gone past words for a while to a place of pure sensory experience. I'm going to turn over now and face you."
She lifted up and rolled over then moved to a sitting position in front of me with her legs spread over mine. She scooted forward until her pussy was close to my stomach then laid back. "Wash me. Play with me like you did with my tits. Explore me and discover me. Be as amazed as you were before. Touch me any way you want to. Tell me without speaking of the wonders you perceive."
It's almost impossible to describe the way I felt at that moment. There she was spread open and displayed for my inspection as unselfconsciously as a two-year-old child. The few women I had seen naked before always seemed to be a little shy and reluctant to expose themselves this completely. Not Carol. There wasn't a trace of embarrassment or inadequacy in her. She was who she was and she was totally comfortable with that. So was I. I 'd never seen anything as beautiful in my life. Certainly no one had ever shared herself with me this completely. It was an extreme expression of trust that exceeded anything I'd ever been granted before.
I put my hands on her hips and pushed her away from me a little so I could pick up her right leg to begin washing it. I used a washcloth and poured some body wash on it then began to wash her foot as slowly and carefully as I would if I were washing a baby. My fingers slid over her foot and her toes in the slippery suds of the wash. I continued up her calf with the cloth and studied her leg as I bathed it. I could feel the muscles as my hand slid up and down.
When I reached her knee I started down her thigh since her leg was bent. When I reached her crotch she used her hand to pull her leg back toward her so I could get to her butt and lower hip. I switched to the left leg and repeated the actions that I had just performed on her right one.
Once her legs had been washed she scooted up to give me access to her stomach. In order to reach her chest I had to bend forward. I hadn't even noticed my dick was fully erect until it pressed against her bald slit. It slid around on her as I used my hands to wash her lower chest and stomach. I paused when I reached her pubic mound. She had pushed forward so that my hard dick was still pressed against her pussy. I looked at it lying contentedly against her with the head protruding above her clit.
Putting my hands under her hips I raised her up so I could cross my legs to elevate her completely out of the water. Now the head of my dick was lying directly on her clit. I poured some body wash on my hands and began to wash her mound. My thumbs reached down on either side of my erection to slide over her outer lips all the way to her crack to I wash the juncture of her lips and thighs then used my left hand to pull my dick back so I could wash her slit. My hand tingled from touching her. Her pink labia were a work of art. Her clit sat proudly in its wrinkled hood at the top.
Then pouring some of the body wash directly on my dick, I used it to rub her slit, sliding back a little so the head was aimed at her clit and rubbed it against the glorious pink nub. She raised her hips a little so I could slide the tip up and down her slit parting her labia until reaching her opening. I held it there and slid my hand up and down my shaft before pushing just the tip into her. She moved her arm to replace my hand on my cock with her own. Her eyes sparkled as she began to slowly stroke my shaft while letting the head slip in and out of her vagina with each stroke.
Despite the erotic nature of what we were doing it didn't really feel like this was a sexual act. In fact, it surprised me that I wasn't on the verge of having an orgasm and spraying cum all over her beautiful pussy. Instead, this felt more like play. We had become childlike. This was innocent foreplay allowing us to become familiar with each other before turning our passion loose. She was teaching me how to be patient, how to delay gratification in order to maximize it. This was secret knowledge that could only be transmitted one on one by those whose trust was absolute.
She let out a moan and slid back. She didn't have to tell me that it was now my turn. She washed me as lovingly as I had done for her. When she reached my genitals I placed my hips on her crossed legs as she had done before. My dick was still impossibly hard and only got harder when she began washing my balls. Her delicate hands gently played with my testicles for several minutes. In between caressing them and tenderly squeezing them, one of her hands slid into my crack where a finger teased my puckered asshole before the tip slid slowly into my ass.
Finally she turned her attention to my dick. What would probably have appeared as a hand job to anybody watching was actually more of a therapeutic massage that kept me at the very limit of arousal without making me feel like cumming. She had already demonstrated her ability to make me cum when she gave me that incredible blowjob in the lab at school so I knew she could induce my ejaculation in a matter of seconds if that were her intention. Thankfully it wasn't. She took the time to give me moments of pleasure that I would remember for the rest of my life.
She moved back and uncrossed her legs then stood up. "It's time to make love Jeff. We can come back later and take another bath but I want to feel you inside me now." She stepped out of the tub and I followed her. We dried off with two big fluffy towels then I spent time drying her hair and brushing it. When it was dry, she took my hand and led me out of the bathroom. We stopped at a small closet where she retrieved a large comforter before continuing downstairs and out into the courtyard past the pool to a spot on the manicured lawn under a huge oak tree. She spread the comforter out on the grass and lay down.
"Lie down beside me and hold me."
My arms wrapped around her as she rolled on her side to face me. Her radiant smile was beautiful and erotic. When our lips met I felt waves of warmth rush though my entire body. We were passionate but gentle as we kissed like the lovers we would soon be. My hands slid up and down her back feeling her warm skin. Sunlight played peekaboo with the leaves of the tree as it twinkled on us. I was surprised that I felt no fear or anxiety about what to do. I was confident that she would show me everything I needed to know.
"Oh Jeff, isn't this a wonderful day. I can't think of anybody I'd rather share it with than you. We're going to have so much fun. Where would you like to begin?"
"I'd really like to suck your tits. When I held them in the bath they affected me in a very powerful way and I want to experience them again."
"Oh yes, what a fabulous idea. I love to have my tits caressed and sucked. Go ahead, get started. Feast on them as much as you like."
Kissing my way down her neck and across her chest my lips found the nipple of her left breast. I cupped my hand under the warm soft mound and began to flick my tongue over her nipple, and then switched to licking it with long forceful passes of my tongue over the hardening bud as it increased in size. When it was fully extended I pursed my lips around it and sucked it slowly into my mouth. The feeling and the taste seemed to reawaken long ago buried memories of doing this to my mother and made me pull my legs up into a fetal position.
The more I sucked on her the more I wanted. I opened my mouth and tried to envelop as much of her tit as I could get in my mouth. My tongue lashed her nipple and my cheeks dimpled I was sucking so hard. My other hand moved to her right breast and fondled it; my fingertips exploring the little bumps and contours of her large areola while I continued to nurse her left one like a baby. My cock was so hard it began to throb as I suckled her. Finally I moved over to suck her right breast and moved my left hand down between her legs. She was wet and my finger slid easily through her slit. She moaned as I kept nursing her and playing with her pussy.
"Oh Jeff, baby that feels so good. It actually feels like I'm nursing you. Ohhhh, ohhhh, yes, suck me Jeff, suck all you want."
I could have kept nursing her for hours but decided I could always come back for seconds so I reluctantly abandoned her tits and began kissing my way down her chest until I reached her navel where I spent some time licking her before continuing on to her bald pubes. I was somewhat familiar with this activity from my first encounter with sex despite the less than satisfactory results.
Without even asking her to, she spread her legs and laid flat on her back then drew her knees up to invite what we both knew was coming next. "Oh Jeff, yes baby, eat me. Lick me, suck me and play with me to your heart's content. I'm just going to lay here on this glorious day and listen to the breeze rustle the leaves and feel the dappled sunshine on me while you make love to my pussy."
I spent a few moments just looking at her. The very sight of her made my heart beat faster and my cock throb. Her pussy was a masterpiece in shades of pink. Every part perfectly arranged without a single blemish. I leaned my face close and inhaled the indescribable aroma of her womanhood. The exotic scent made me dizzy. Her labia glistened with her juice as the sunlight flashed on them through the leaves of the tree above us.
"Oh Jeff, you are the sweetest lover I've ever had. I can actually feel you adoring me with your eyes and it's making me so hot I think I might explode when your mouth touches me. The anticipation is excruciatingly arousing."
I moved forward and softly peppered her clit with little kisses, each one eliciting a small twitch of her stomach. Then, as slowly as I could, I pursed my lips and sucked her hood into my mouth exposing the swollen pink nub to my tongue. My gentle licking of her beautiful pearl brought forth an almost mournful moan as she endured the loving torture of my tongue; a torture that transformed into pleasure like the chemical reactions we had produced in the lab.
I suppose it was the tea she had given me that caused a curious thing to begin happening to me. I could actually feel what she was feeling as I continued to lick her. When I had done this before I had to rely on feedback from the young woman but Carol and I were now so connected that I knew directly what the effects were. It was as if she was a musical instrument and I could hear the melody of her sexual response as I played.
I decided to give her clit a rest and moved my head down so I could drag my tongue from her crack, across her vaginal opening and up through her labia, spreading them open like the petals of a flower. Each time I did this I paused at her opening to receive the nectar that was flowing from her before resuming lapping her slit. Every repetition added a drop to her slowly filling reservoir of arousal. Her pussy was soon a hot sodden mess that felt and tasted divine. My face was covered in her sweet juice.
It was becoming clear to me that she had the ability to somehow get beyond her orgasmic reflex. I had been orally stimulating her for what seemed like a long time and she had not cum. I decided to try something else. I inserted two fingers into her vagina and curled them toward the top and began tickling the wet pink wall searching for her g-spot. Her sharp intake of breath told me when I had found it. I then went back to sucking on her engorged clit. The combination had a definite impact on her level of arousal but she still managed to keep her climax at bay even after at least fifteen minutes of this intense stimulation.
It was time for drastic measures. I removed my fingers and pulled my head back, quickly moving to my knees between her widespread legs. I grabbed my cock and as soon as the tip found her wet opening I let go, leaned forward and pushed into her until she had it all inside the warm wet confines of her pink channel. She breathed deeply then let out a loud moan as her arms wrapped around me and her legs encircled my lower back to pull me against her in an inescapable embrace.
"Ohhhhh, Ohhhhhh." Was all she had time for before her climax hit her. Her orgasm had been like a giant tsunami rising unrestrained and racing across an almost limitless ocean in search of a shore on which it could finally peak and crash in a powerful release of sexual energy. My cock was that shore. Her orgasm was so intense that it pulled me into it and the rhythmic squeezing and releasing of her vagina on my cock triggered my own causing cum to erupt from the tip like a geyser. Her pulsating vagina kept milking cum from me until I thought I might faint.
I had had orgasms before. At least I thought I had. They were puny little tremors compared to the nine point six earthquake that was shattering my insides now. So many sensory impressions were exploding inside me that I couldn't even identify them. It was as if every cell of her body was in communication with every one of mine. The way she felt in my arms, the way her fragrance blew through my nostrils like a warm tropical wind, her warmth, her breasts mashed against my chest, her lips glued to mine in a kiss that by itself could stop your heart. All of these things were activating brain cells I didn't even know I had. I was delirious with joy, overwhelmed with pleasure. Nothing could have prepared me for an experience like this.
It took almost as long to recover from this train wreck as it had to get there in the first place. But even the aftermath was as pleasant as our bath had been. When we finally got back to normal and she released me from her death grip I said, "I'm going to take a wild guess that what we just did is not typical for the first time a person has sex."
"Jeff what we just did is not typical of any sexual experience I've ever had or even heard about and I've had my share of sex in the last few years. That orgasm was deeper and more intense than anything I've ever felt before. I still feel like I'm cumming. I knew there was something different about you the first time I saw you. And where did you learn to eat pussy like that? You're as good as any girl at doing that."
"I like pussy. Yours is magnificent. The way it looks, the way it smells, the way it tastes is incomparable. And the way it felt wrapped around my cock was indescribable. I had intended to spend a little more time inside it but it didn't work out that way."
"Oh don't worry, you're going to spend a lot more time inside it. We're just getting warmed up."
"You mean it gets better?"
"We'll make it better together."
"I'd like that a lot. You're really incredible Carol."
"So are you Jeff, so are you. Let's go jump in the pool for a while".
Swimming was something I enjoyed and the cool water felt good. We played around in the water for a while then she told me to get on a large inflatable mattress. I lay on my back with my butt close to the end of the mattress and my legs spread. She stood in the water between them and began licking and kissing my balls. I don't think I had ever completely lost my erection from our previous encounter so it didn't take long to get me back to rock hard. She then began to lick up the underside of my shaft to the head then interspersed little licks with kisses all around the head of my cock before enclosing it in her warm wet mouth.
Her hands caressed my balls as she pressed her mouth down to take more of my cock into her mouth. Her talented tongue licked and tickled half my cock before she raised her head up to slide her mouth up and then down again. I watched her do this with rapt fascination and wondered what I had done to deserve her. The look of sheer delight on her face told me she obviously really enjoyed doing this. Her attitude made a remarkable difference in the quality of the act.
She continued this wonderful oral loving for a few minutes making sure to keep me below the threshold of cumming then pulled off and said, "My turn. Let's switch places." When she was in position with her legs spread wide and her calves dangling off the mattress in the water, I moved my head close to her pussy, which looked even more delectable in the full sunlight than it had in the shade. As soon as my lips made contact with hers my mind went quiet. Eating pussy is not an activity that benefits from thinking and to think of anything else while doing it is inexcusable so my mind took a little rest while my mouth gave her pleasure.
Her beautiful slit was licked and sucked until it was once again soaking wet and hot enough to emit steam. She began to moan and her hips were rising and falling as she fucked my mouth. My hands slid under her ass cheeks and massaged each one. I could feel the muscles tighten and relax as her pussy pushed up over my lips then slid back down again.
"Ohhh Jeff! Ohhh. I don't want to...Ohhhh Ohhhh Jeff, please..."
I wasn't sure what she meant but I didn't stop. On the contrary, my efforts increased and when she pushed up with her hips, my tongue invaded her vagina as far as it would reach and sucked the delicious juice flowing from her as hard as I could.
"Ohhhhhhh Jeff, baby, I'm going to cum. Oh, Oh, Oh Yesssss I'm cumming for you."
My wide-open mouth covered her opening as she pressed hard against my face and let her orgasm have full expression. I loved the things her body did while she was in the throes of her climax. My hard cock would probably have joined her if it hadn't been bobbing around in the cool water of the pool.
When she finally calmed down I asked her, "What did you mean you didn't want to?"
"Whenever I take Ecstasy my orgasmic response seems to shut down for the first four or five hours. I really enjoy sex without cumming so I can stay right on the edge. But I've cum twice now with you and I'm still as horny as a bitch wolf. I'm not complaining mind you, it's just very unusual for me."
"Then you want to continue?"
"Of course I do. I was concerned I'd wear you out but it seems I underestimated your stamina. Let's take a break and get something to drink then we can find another place to make love."
She made me a tall glass of fresh lemonade and when we had finished it we went upstairs to her bedroom where we made love in the bed. This time she lay on her stomach while I fucked her from behind. I used a gentle deliberate pace that made it much more like what I had expected sex to be: soft, squishy, passionate and loving.
I would remember this day for many reasons. Sleeping with a lover for the first time would be near the top but discovering that having an orgasm was a completely different phenomenon than ejaculating was really an eye opener. When I returned home the next day I felt different; fundamentally different.
She never stopped teaching me things and we continued to be lovers even though we both dated others. When the semester came to a close she invited me to come to her home in Texas to spend Christmas with her family. They were incredible people and I could see where Carol got her love of life and learning.
My grades that semester were good enough to get me on the dean's list. The next semester, Carol's last, I made the president's list with a 4.0 GPA. I would stay on this list for the remainder of my time at this school. The last semester of my senior year the college hired a new professor and I was privileged to get to be in his advanced mathematical analysis class. He became a substitute for Carol by inviting me to come to his office and study things related to the course but not officially a part of it. His enthusiasm and love of math made me glad that I had majored in it.
For a variety of reasons I asked the dean if it were possible to continue being enrolled at the college for an additional senior year. What I really wanted was to spend more time learning from the new professor so I would be better prepared for graduate school. I was allowed to do this by declaring another major for which I would receive an additional Bachelor's degree. The dean suggested I make my new major in Education so I could teach if I wanted to instead of going to grad school. This turned out to be a fortuitous choice.
During Christmas break of my second senior year there was a teacher's strike at the nearby high school and until the dispute was settled the high school needed substitute teachers to fill in so the students accreditation and plans for college wouldn't be jeopardized. Since I had a degree and was half way though my second one in education I applied for the job. I was accepted and told that I could teach courses that did not interfere with my own classes and they desperately needed math teachers. I would be paid fifty dollars per class and would teach three classes per day for five days a week.
I started January third and taught algebra and geometry. It was easy work and I enjoyed doing it. I used a lot of the techniques Carol had used on me when she was my tutor. Since I was younger than the other subs, the kids seemed to like me and paid attention to the lessons better than they would with the older substitutes. The classes were broken up into six-week segments and there would be a total of three segments. Everything went smoothly until the end of the second segment.
As I was leaving my last class for the day, the principal stopped by my classroom and asked me if I could take on an additional class for the last six-week segment. I told him I could since the high school was only a mile down the road from the college. Then he told me it wasn't a math course but an AP History class. The person that had been teaching it had a health problem and could not continue to do it. I wasn't concerned about the subject matter because I had become comfortable with teaching and if this was an AP class I would be teaching smart kids that wanted to learn. I told him I would be glad to do it.
This class had been squeezed in to accommodate the seniors that were taking it so it started at two forty five and lasted an hour. There were only six students, three boys and three girls. I was already in the classroom when the kids started coming in the door. Unlike the other classrooms that had individual desks, this room had three long tables that could seat three people.
When all six students had arrived, one of the females walked around to all the males and said something to them. When she had spoken to all of them, the boys moved to the third table all the way in the back and the girls took their seats at the first table in the front. The table between them was used as a place to put coats, purses, books and other personal items. Apparently my input regarding the seating arrangement was not needed. As long as the students were happy with the situation, it was OK with me.
I took my seat behind a small desk that faced the tables with a couple of white boards behind me. The first thing I noticed was the total exposure of the lower half of the young ladies sitting at the table. I had an unobstructed, up close and personal view of them from the stomach down. I quickly returned my gaze to their faces and began to introduce myself.
"Good afternoon students. My name is Jeff Pierce. I'm twenty-one years old and a student at the college up the road. I'll be taking over for Mrs. Williams for the remainder of the year. We will stay with the lesson plan she was using and finish the assignments in the syllabus. I will introduce a few new wrinkles in order to give you a sample of what the classes in college will be like since I assume you are all going on with your academic careers. Now I would like each of you to stand up one at a time and tell me your name and anything else you might want to share with me about your expectations for this course. We'll begin in the back of the room."
I pointed to the young man on my left and he stood up and said his name was Richard Newman, eighteen years old. He then told about some of the things he had been involved in at the high school and that he had already been accepted to a university. The next young man was Paul Bryant, also eighteen years old who wanted to be an economics major in college. The third was James Dunn, again eighteen years old who was president of two clubs at the school. This brought us to the young ladies.
The first one slid her chair back and stood. "Good afternoon Mr. Pierce. My name is Cassidy Martin but you can call me Cassie. I'm eighteen years old and I look forward to anything you would be willing to teach me as I get the impression you're going to be a lot more interesting than Mrs. Williams was. Frankly, the topics we've covered so far have been a little boring so I hope you can bring some deeper insights into historical events."
Cassie didn't say anything about what extracurricular activities she had been involved in but I got the feeling they were numerous and some of them probably shouldn't be discussed in a classroom. She sat down and scooted her chair forward as the next girl rose to her feet. While Cassie was pretty with long golden hair and a mischievous smile the next young lady was classically beautiful. Long chestnut hair and a centerfold's body were just the beginning of this girl's charms. She seemed a little familiar to me as she began to speak.
"Hello Mr. Pierce, it's a pleasure to meet you. Like Cassie I'm also eighteen and I'm really looking forward to what I'm sure you'll bring to this subject. I'm already thinking of making history my major in college so I'm very eager to learn from you." She sat down and slid her chair forward.
"And your name is?"
"Marsha. Marsha Douglas."
Holy shit, of course her name would be Marsha. Here I was again in a history class with a girl that I could fall in lust with. It was déjà vu all over again. The third young woman stood up. She was Chinese by ethnicity with short hair as black as tar and had a body you wouldn't expect on an Asian girl. She was as tall as the other two and just as pretty, maybe more so if your tastes ran to Orientals. Her beautiful almond shaped eyes practically smoldered with mysterious Asian sexuality and her flirtatious smile was intriguing.
"Hello Mr. Pierce, my name is Lee Anne Chung but you can call me Lee. I too have recently turned eighteen years old. My parents are from Taiwan and moved here twenty-three years ago. I was born here and have been raised to be as American as any of my classmates although I do speak Chinese as well as English. What I hope you will do for the remainder of this course is to focus a little more on Asian history. So far, this important aspect has been neglected in order to cover topics that relate to European and American events. I look forward to learning from you."
"Well Lee, I'll see if we can't spend some time studying the important events in Asia. I agree that they had a pronounced effect on what happened in the world and deserve to be part of our course. Thank you for bringing that to my attention. I want us all to have a good time for the remainder of the year and I'll try my best not to be boring. Learning can be fun and I believe all of you to be intelligent or you wouldn't be in an AP class. Since you are all seniors over the age of eighteen and will be attending college soon I will treat you as adults and expect you to get as much as you can out of this course."
We spent the rest of the hour discussing the beginning of the eighteenth century. The emphasis was clearly on politics and militaristic actions. I wanted to include cultural, religious and technological issues in the mix to give a grander perspective to how and why things happened as they did.
Everything went well for the remainder of the week until Friday. There was a basketball game that night and the three young women showed up for class dressed in their rather revealing cheerleader outfits. They had worn jeans and sweaters on the previous days due to the cool weather we'd been having but now they sat in front of me in extremely short skirts which did very little to conceal their hips and butts. I knew this was going to be trouble as they each took their seats and slid their chairs forward to the table.
I really tried not to look but it was impossible not to when their legs opened briefly to sit down. Marsha, of course, could tell where my eyes were directed and the satisfied little smirk on her face told me she didn't mind at all. Considering the moves they performed at the game, exposing their crotches was not something that bothered any of them in the least. The tight t-shirts with the school logo on the front showcased their breasts to maximum advantage. They had all been blessed with stunning tits. All six of these mounds of flesh were perfectly suited to their owner. It was difficult to tell if they wore bras because of the dark blue color of their shirts but the way they moved led me to believe their tits were not encumbered by brassieres.
With great effort I managed to get though the class without losing concentration but it was not easy. Marsha occasionally tested me by crossing her legs in a deliberate attempt to distract me and succeeded a few times. She very carefully pushed the boundaries of her little shows each time she did it. When class was over she asked me if I was going to the game tonight and I said I hadn't planned on it. "Oh please come, it really helps to have a lot of fans in the seats to support the team. We try to do as much as we can to keep them motivated but a big crowd is important to help them play well."
The game started at seven and would be over by nine so I went home and had dinner with the folks then drove back to the high school and went to the gym. It only cost two dollars to attend the game and students and teachers could come for free but I paid the two bucks because it helped the kids. Watching the cheerleaders go through their routines at half time gave me a newfound appreciation of both their beauty and their athletic abilities. Cassie, Marsha and Lee were all excellent gymnasts and acrobats. When the game ended I walked over to where they were packing up their equipment and told them I thought they did an excellent job of cheering the team to victory. They seemed to be excited to see me and were glad I had made it to the game.
The next Monday when they came to class they all wore skirts with hems just above the knee. Each of them made a deliberate effort to ensure that I saw what was between their legs as they slowly slid first one leg then the other onto their chairs. Their pussies were all clad in rather conventional panties but each wore a different pastel color. During the class, frequent flashes by each of them made for a very interesting afternoon. When class ended they made the same slow exit from their seats to be sure and let me know that this was indeed a deliberate conspiracy to display their crotches.
Each day that followed got wilder. Tuesday the skirts were a little shorter and the panties a little smaller. The number of flashes increased and Cassie sat with her legs spread and her ankles crossed for at least fifteen minutes. Wednesday raised the ante yet again: shorter skirts and even smaller panties. These were white and very tight and did not seem to reach up high enough to cover all their pubic hair. I guessed that like Carol, their pubic hair had been removed. At least I couldn't see any evidence of it. As black as Lee's hair was it would have shown under the sheer white cotton panties.
Thursday was an all out assault. Skirts as short as their cheerleader outfits and very sheer lace panties that left almost nothing to the imagination. I had guessed correctly, their crotches were completely devoid of pubic hair. By the time class ended, I could detect a thin line of moisture running the length of their slits.
Friday was a real shocker: Thongs. Their outer lips peeked enticingly around either side of the tiny patch that did a miserable job of covering their slits. Amazingly, they could put on this striptease and still pay attention to the lesson. It was as if they had a separate nervous system that controlled their bodies while their minds kept focused on the material. I was at a disadvantage here because my cock took control of my mind and it used up a lot of my CPU cycles reacting to the sight of these gorgeous young women.
When class ended I asked Marsha to stay for a moment because I wanted to talk to her. She played coy and gave me a look that said she couldn't imagine why.
"Marsha let's get something straight." Now she gave me a look that said she'd like to get something straight. I couldn't tell if she could see that something was already straight but I continued. "I'm enjoying what you and the other girls are doing. You're all very pretty and this is a fun little game, so as long as you can do the lessons and we don't get caught you can keep it up." She raised an eyebrow at that last remark as if she did indeed know that it was already up and she'd be happy to keep it that way.
"Mr. Pierce, I won't beat around the bush. I like you and so do the other girls. Any one of us would be thrilled to date you so you can take your pick. Or you can rotate through all of us if you'd like. There are seven more cheerleaders on the squad and we all think you're really hot."
"As appealing as that prospect is, I cannot accept your offer because I'm your teacher."
"Are you really? You're not on the permanent staff and you don't have a contract that precludes dating a student and we're all over eighteen so what's to stop you?"
"I wouldn't want to test the legality of what you just said in front of a disciplinary hearing and even if it was technically as you say, I have to adhere to the same ethical standards that full time staff do. It would set a bad example that could get all of us in a lot of trouble. We just can't risk it. However, having said that, you'll all be graduating in a few weeks so after that, I'm all yours if you still want me."
"You can count on it Mr. Pierce. I'm going to spend a lot of my summer just hanging out at the pool at my parent's house. You can join me if you'd like. The other girls will be there too and I'm sure they'd be delighted to entertain you. I'm glad you're OK with our little flash show. We'll try to keep it interesting for you." As she walked to the door to leave she pulled the back of her short skirt up and revealed her incredible naked ass to me. She didn't even turn around to see my reaction as she opened the door and left. I wondered if I could survive this much stimulation for the next few weeks.
The next Monday was going to be busy with the assignments that all of the students had been given. Each person had been tasked with finding something they thought was interesting and pertinent to the period from 1750 to 1800. I had set up a private network so their papers could all be available to us on our laptops in class as each person presented the assignment. They were all exemplary. They had spent a lot of time researching things that most history texts never even mention. One of the young men wrote of how disease influenced the outcome of battles and another presented a work on the weather and how it affected the history of these times.
When it came time for Lee to present her paper she really floored me. The first thing she did was set up a couple of Bluetooth speakers and began to play one of Mozart's piano sonatas. As the incredibly beautiful music played she juxtaposed the wars, epidemics, political intrigues and the struggle between the ruling class and the peasants. Then she pointed out that in those days of no indoor plumbing, electricity, telephones or automobiles a genius like Mozart could create something so wonderful that it has lasted to this day. I was really blown away by her insights and told her it was one of the best papers I had ever read. These kids were fantastic.
We didn't get much time to play our little game but on Tuesday they took it to the limit. They were very careful to sit down without revealing anything at first. A few minutes went by and then Marsha asked me a question. While I was answering her she very slowly spread her legs to reveal that she had no panties on beneath her obscenely short skirt. My heart rate jumped and my palms got sweaty and I could barely finish my answer. When I did, Cassie slowly parted her legs to reveal that she too had gone commando. I turned my gaze to Lee as her legs opened wide to reveal her hairless pussy to me.
The little minxes gave no indication, not even a smile, that this wasn't just another day in class. I had no idea if the young men in the back knew about the girls' little game but they sure didn't show it if they were aware of it. I spent the rest of the time with a raging hard-on. I was really glad that I had set up our own private network so we could all collaborate on documents instead of my having to stand and write on the whiteboards. I never did like doing that anyway.
I let the students discuss the events in the chapter of the textbook that we were currently studying while I enjoyed the spectacular sight of three gorgeous young females displaying their bare crotches for my enjoyment. My thoughts drifted back to that day in my high school history class with the other Marsha. I pondered whether she had been sending me a message that she may have wished she could be my Marsha but knew it just wasn't in our stars. Maybe what she did was to let me know that someday my Marsha would come into my life and all that I felt for her could at last be realized. Silly, I know, but how else to explain what I was looking at.
That Friday while two of the boys were having a spirited debate about the causes of World War I, Lee looked at me and gave me a wink. Damn she was pretty. She'd be enough to distract you even if she wasn't sitting there flashing her naked pussy at me but the more I looked at her the more enraptured I became. I licked my lips and quickly stuck the tip of my tongue out. My cell phone was lying on my desk in silent mode so I reached over and turned on the video recorder and aimed it at her just as her hand slid slowly off the table then crept stealthily toward her crotch.
The tip of her finger reached the hood of her clit and pulled it back to reveal her pink nub. She began to rub it in slow circles using her middle finger to stimulate her love button. As the debate heated up in the rear of the classroom, Lee's pussy heated up only a few feet away from me. Finally her parted legs tensed and the movement of her finger became frenetic as her eyes fluttered closed. I watched spellbound as she climaxed and almost came in my pants when I saw the little trickle of juice that leaked out of her vagina. The look on her face was unforgettable. I had never seen beauty and sexual fulfillment so perfectly in harmony.
What she had just done completely disconnected me from what I was supposed to be doing. My consciousness was completely absorbed in looking at the most erotic sight I had ever seen. This wasn't the least bit pornographic. It was sublimely human, pure, feminine, authentic and totally without shame or embarrassment. I had never experienced anything like this even with Carol. It touched my very soul. My respect and admiration for Lee increased immeasurably. I knew in that moment that I was in the presence of much much more than a teenage girl masturbating. I had been blessed with the rare privilege of a goddess showing me something extraordinary.
I heard someone call my name and snapped out of my trance to answer a question from one of the young men in the back of the room. With a great deal of effort I managed to tear my eyes away from Lee and get back into the discussion of today's topic. The knowing looks I got from Cassie and Marsha told me they were aware of where my mind had been and were undoubtedly planning their own masturbatory exhibitions for my delight. I didn't know if I could survive the few weeks left until graduation when I would finally be able to actually be with them the way we all wanted.
The girls stayed behind when class ended and informed me that the prom was this Saturday and asked me if I had plans to attend. "Jeff, we already have dates but any of us would gladly break them if you would go with one of us."
"Marsha, you know I can't do that and even if I could I wouldn't mess up some young man's chance to be with one of the hottest girls in the school. I will however volunteer to be a chaperone for the prom as is customary for teachers and I promise each of you at least one dance."
"You're a really good guy Mr. Pierce. You will definitely be rewarded for your standards and your integrity after graduation. In the meantime we'll keep your interest up in class and give you previews of what's in store for you."
It wasn't only my interest they kept up. I couldn't wait to get back to my house so I could connect my phone to my HD TV and watch the video I had made of Lee while I stroked my hard cock. This time when she came I came with her as my hot pearly cum spurted out of my cock like a series of lava eruptions from a volcano. I couldn't resist repeating this activity three more times before I went to bed, exhausted but happy.
The next day, after slowly sliding into their chairs so I could renew my acquaintance with their bald beavers, each one in succession took something out of her purse. It appeared to be a silver cylinder about two inches long and a little thicker than a thumb. There was a thin wire attached to one end. The other end of the wire led to a small plastic case with a dial on it. Cassie was first to lick her fingers and rub the little cylinder to get it wet. Then she reached down under her skirt and made a show of rubbing it against the entrance of her vagina before finally pushing it inside so only the wire remained visible. Her hand moved to the small plastic case and her fingers turned the dial until I saw her legs twitch and her eyes open wide.
By now I had figured out that the little cylinder was a vibrator. She had turned it on so that I could barely detect a soft buzzing sound. Marsha repeated this procedure followed by Lee until all three of them were soon merrily vibrating their way to an orgasm. I wouldn't have been surprised if they could coordinate their climaxes but they reached orgasm independently so I could concentrate on watching each one silently cum for me. I thought my cock would rip right through my pants it was so hard.
On Friday they showed up for class five minutes early and I got to watch them insert butt plugs up their asses before the guys arrived. Seeing the little pink plastic ends of the plugs snuggling close to their stretched assholes as they sat with their legs spread was really getting to me. Before they left Marsha said, "Today's demonstration was just to let you know that after graduation all our holes will be available to you. We hope you like ass play because we have some very lifelike dildos and we're all adept at using them for anal sex. We're looking forward to seeing you tomorrow night at prom. Sweet dreams Mr. Pierce."
On Saturday my mom took me shopping for a tuxedo. Since I had not gone to my own senior prom in high school she insisted that I have a high quality tux instead of a rental. The prom started at seven and ended at eleven. It was not held in the gym as many of them are but in the ballroom of a five star hotel. This venue was normally used as a meeting room for businesses but also hosted wedding receptions and other functions. Tonight it had been decorated beautifully and instead of a DJ playing records there was a twelve-piece orchestra to provide the music. Obviously this was one of the many advantages of going to a school in a very upscale neighborhood where all the students had rich parents.
I showed up precisely at six forty-five and got a nice gold name badge instead of a stick-on that had my name illegibly scribbled on it. I was very impressed by the attire of the students as I watched them arrive. Most of the young men wore tuxedos and a few had white dinner jackets on. One very handsome young man had on a chocolate brown velvet tux with a stand-up collar that was very classy. There were none of the brightly colored suits that you see in movies of kids at proms. These kids knew how to dress and act for a formal occasion.
The young women wore expensive haute couture gowns that any woman would be proud to be seen in. Big-skirted taffeta dresses were nowhere to be seen. Cassie, Marsha and Lee all arrived together with their dates. I was dazzled by the way they looked.
Cassie wore a metallic silver floor length gown that fit her perfectly. I had expected her to have those gorgeous breasts of hers on display but the dress covered her entire chest and fastened around her neck with a wide collar. It wasn't until she turned around that I discovered that the dress had no back and the skirt began just above her butt. As I watched her move it was apparent that her tits were unrestrained by a bra under the shiny dress as they shimmied enticingly and her hard nipples made noticeable bumps in the shimmering material.
Marsha was dressed in a black stretchy velvet dress with a wide diagonal strap that came across her chest and over one shoulder to wrap around her back down to her other hip where it attached to the skirt part, which was split on her left leg all the way up to her crotch. When she walked, you could see a tiny black thong perched atop the intricately patterned black stockings held up by black velvet garters. She even wore a black velvet hat that had a sheer veil hanging down to cover her eyes. The impression was of an Argentinian tango dancer and she looked so hot that I wouldn't have been surprised to see smoke arise from her.
Then there was Lee. She wore a grey silk Chinese cheongsam dress that had gold threads woven throughout the fabric and was split up the left side almost to her hip. She had a long black wig on so her hair hung down her back. Her makeup was very sexy and overdone with smoky grey eye shadow and black eyeliner to elongate the natural slant of her eyes. Fake fingernails that were at least an inch long were painted the same color as her dress with gold symbols. Four-inch high heels made her a very imposing figure indeed.
I had never seen more beautiful women than they were and their attitude left no doubt that they knew it. Before taking their seats at one of the tables where all of the cheerleaders and their dates were to sit, they walked over to where I was standing. "You look very handsome this evening Mr. Pierce, you clean up quite well. You must save a dance for each of us tonight. I don't believe we'd be breaking any rules if you dance with us would we?"
"Wild horses couldn't keep me from dancing with you Marsha. It will be my first opportunity to hold you in my arms. I've been looking forward to that for a long time now. You all look gorgeous and I hope you all have a good time tonight."
"Don't worry about that Mr. Pierce. It's just a shame you can't join us for our after prom party in one of the suites in this hotel. That's when the real fun starts."
"As much as I'd like to be there with you I have a feeling that it wouldn't be the optimum place or time for us to get together. You need to celebrate this night in a way that is more appropriate to the occasion. When you and I finally consummate our relationship it will be in a place with no distractions so we can share our beings with each other. It will be a continuation of my teaching you things you need to know. There can be no diversions or superficiality. Enjoy this night for what it is and look forward to our meeting in a place that few are aware of."
"You're giving me goose bumps Jeff. I can't wait to be with you. I've bared the most intimate parts of my body to you for weeks now and each time it makes me delirious with joy to do so. Your eyes on my pussy make me cum in a way that I could not imagine before. Right now my heart is beating faster and I'm getting wet just thinking about being with you."
"I too have my reasons for wanting us to be together. The anticipation is both torture and the sweetest longing I've ever known."
I walked around and greeted some of my other students. Many of the young ladies wanted me to dance with them and I had a good time finally getting to experience what I had missed when I was in high school. About nine o'clock the band took a break and I saw Marsha walk up to one of the musicians and talk to him. When they returned he announced that he had been requested to play a particular piece of music for a beautiful young lady and was very happy to do so. Marsha walked up to me and said, "I believe this is our dance Mr. Pierce."
As soon as the music began I knew why she was dressed the way she was. The orchestra was playing an Argentine tango. The sultry, sexy music was the perfect accompaniment to our first dance together. God I was glad I had taken those dance lessons for so long. Marsha was no amateur dancer either. She followed my lead like we had been doing this for years. What I hadn't counted on was that everybody else just watched us as we put on a demonstration of how sexual a dance could be. It has been said that the tango is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire. The two of us illustrated the truth of that statement beyond any doubt.
When I pulled her close to me her breasts pressed into my chest and our hearts beat as one. The split in her dress revealed her stockings and the little thong when she wrapped her leg around mine as we turned sharply, snapping our heads as if in the throes of an orgasm. Sliding my hands down her half bare back to her ass as I leaned her back was as exhilarating as making love to her, which in a way I was. The quick steps that culminated in a slow sliding of her leg up mine was almost pornographic in its intention and execution.
The orchestra played longer than normal, probably because they too were enthralled by our performance. Talk about dirty dancing, everybody in the room must have been sweating by the time we finally stopped. We were both almost out of breath by the time the music ended and when it did, the whole room erupted in applause.
After I got something to drink and had a little rest it was time to dance with Cassie. The band played a song named 'The Very Thought of You' and not surprisingly, Cassie was as good a dancer as Marsha. This was a song that my parents loved. Dancing with Cassie made me see why. A female vocalist sang the lyrics and it was very easy to see why dancing with a beautiful young lady like Cassie could make you fall in love.
When my arm wrapped around her, she laid her head on my chest just below my shoulder and put her hand in my other one as she melted into my embrace. She was showing me a completely different side of her compared to the little sex kitten that had been flashing me for weeks in the classroom. She was still sexy but this tender, soft, vulnerable behavior exposed aspects of her I had never been aware of before and made me appreciate that she was much more mature than I had given her credit for. I could have spent the rest of the night dancing with her like this.
When the song ended we looked at each other and expressed the same sentiment with our eyes. Neither of us wanted to stop holding each other. Lee walked up and said, "OK Cassie, let him go. It's my turn now." The band began to play another of my parent's favorites; a song called 'Isn't it Romantic'. Nothing could have been more appropriate. Seeing Lee in that Chinese dress from afar was disconcerting enough but holding her in my arms while the vocalist sang one of the most romantic songs ever written was an unforgettable experience. Unlike most things in life her beauty did not diminish as you got closer to it. On the contrary, it increased exponentially. She was a wet dream rendered in flesh and blood.
Her perfume literally intoxicated me. I'd never inhaled anything so exotic and erotic in my life. The sensation was not unlike the effect of opium. Once I put my arms around her I don't remember anything besides the incredible feeling of her warm body next to mine. She radiated sex. But she did it in a way that was so loving that it didn't even seem like sex. It was an invitation that Asian women have a unique talent for extending. Her American upbringing had not diluted her ability to do this in any way.
I whispered in her ear, "There is a brothel in Macao named 'The Gates of Heaven'. It has been said that the most beautiful women in the world provide the fortunate few who get to visit this establishment with pleasures beyond the imagination of most mortals. None of these women, as talented in the erotic arts as they may be, could hold a candle to what you are capable of. You are a genuine enchantress and I am completely under your spell tonight."
"Jeff, I want to kiss you so bad I can taste it. But if I do, I'm not going to stop and we'll both get thrown out of school. Now be a good boy and hold that thought and very soon you can see for yourself if it's true. God, you really know how to turn a girl on."
I took a chance that nobody was looking at us on the dark crowded dance floor and slipped my hand into the slit of her dress to cup her left ass cheek as we continued to dance close together. Her warm bare flesh made my cock stiffen and she moaned when she felt it press insistently against her stomach.
The remainder of the night more than made up for missing my own prom. I danced with so many young women I lost count. I had become a 'must do' after the tango I had danced with Marsha and there was a different girl waiting to ask me for a dance each time the music changed. When the prom was over and I arrived home my mom asked me if I had a good time.
"I had a fabulous time mom. I had no idea how much fun dancing could be."
"Oh darling I'm so glad to hear you say that. I have always regretted your decision not to attend your own prom."
The final two weeks seemed to crawl by and I knew I would miss teaching. I had developed genuine friendships with the other staff and with a lot of students. The prospect of spending time with my girls this summer took away some of the sadness of having to say goodbye to my new friends. I got through graduation and had countless pictures taken with students, teachers and parents. I would have a lot of memories of this episode in my life. When my graduation ceremony was held two days later, Marsha, Cassie and Lee insisted on coming. I had already done this the year before but it was still exciting to go through the ritual and get another diploma.
Marsha informed me that my first graduation gift would be dinner tonight at her parents' posh restaurant. "My first gift?"
"Tomorrow you will receive your next gifts at my house. My parents both leave for the restaurant at nine forty-five to get ready for lunch and don't come home until everything is cleaned up after dinner. Usually that's way after midnight so you'll have plenty of time to unwrap your gifts and play with them."
"My gifts are toys?"
"No, but you'll have a lot of fun playing with them. If you want to play with toys, I've got plenty you can choose from and your gifts are quite fond of them. Now, you go home and put on that tuxedo you wore to the prom and be at my house at six forty-five, our reservation is at seven o'clock."
"I didn't realize your parents' restaurant was formal."
"It's not required but if you're going to take a beautiful young high-school graduate to dinner you need to dress up. Besides, you look so fucking hot in that tux that it will be all I can do to keep my hands off you long enough to eat dinner."
When my mother saw me dressed in my tux she, of course, wanted to know where I was going. "I've got a date with one of my best former students. Her parents own an upscale restaurant and she's taking me there for my graduation present."
"Jeff I want to tell you how proud I am of you for doing all that you've done. I always knew you were special but it took you a little longer to realize what to do with it. You are a fine young man and your father and I have a nice present for you but it can wait until tomorrow. You go have fun."
I arrived at Marsha's house at quarter to seven and rang the doorbell. It didn't take long for the door to open and when it did I was greeted to the breathtaking sight of Marsha dressed in the most beautiful long dress I had ever seen. It was a combination of a very sheer, lace body stocking that by itself would be virtually invisible but the lace was covered with a tight fitting transparent dress replete with strategically placed gold ornamentation that kept her modesty intact... almost. The effect was not unlike a beautifully decorated Christmas tree. She literally sparkled. Her long chestnut hair was up and had something done to it to make it look very full and shiny. Her makeup was as sophisticated as any Vogue model ever wore.
"Good evening Jeff. I see you're right on time."
"Good evening Marsha. You have no idea how gorgeous you look to me. I've been waiting for this evening for much longer than you could imagine. Thank you so much for inviting me. I'd love to kiss you but my mother taught me never to mess up a woman's makeup or hair unless she tells you to."
"You've been taught well grasshopper. It took a lot of time and effort to get ready for this evening and I did it all for you. I'm very glad you appreciate it."
"More than you know Marsha. Shall we go?"
"Yes, you'll have plenty of opportunity to see the house when we come back here."
It took about twenty minutes to arrive at the restaurant. I pulled up to the entrance and the valets opened both doors for us and handed me the claim check. A doorman opened the front door and we walked in to a very posh foyer where a maître d' greeted us. "Good evening miss Douglas, please follow me." He led us through the main dining room to a smaller, cozier room with plush high-back benches rather than chairs to sit on. The lighting was low and candles had been placed on the tables. He pulled the table out to seat us then moved it back and placed our napkins in our laps.
I was sitting on one end of the bench and Marsha was sitting in the middle. She looked at me and said, "Don't you want to sit next to me?"
"I can't wait to be close to you, but right now, I want to sit where I can just look at you. Even though I've been looking at you almost every day for the past six weeks I've never really had the chance to simply admire how beautiful you are."
"Why Mr. Pierce, what a nice thing to say. You could turn a girl's head with sweet talk like that. If I didn't know you so well I'd think you were trying to seduce me."
"Please don't think I'm not. We both know what's coming tonight and it's long overdue. Let's not rush things though. I want to enjoy every moment of this evening. This is when anticipation draws a fine line between ecstasy and agony. I can't wait to kiss those soft luscious lips and hold you in my arms but I also want to savor the happiness I feel by just being here with you. This is a lifetime memory for me and I hope it will be for you too." I reached over and put my hand on top of hers. She looked into my eyes and I could see tears beginning to form in hers.
"Oh Jeff, if I live to be one hundred I will never forget this night. I ache to have you hold me and kiss me and I want you so badly I can already taste you. I'm so glad it makes you happy to be here with me because it makes me giddy with joy to be here with you."
Just as I thought we'd both start crying a man and a woman walked up to our table. I recognized Marsha's parents from her graduation. Mr. Douglas was carrying an ice bucket with two small bottles of Champagne, which he sat on the table. They were both dressed in chef uniforms. Marsha looked at them and said, "Hi mom, hi dad, what's this?"
Mrs. Douglas said, "This is a special night for both of you and we wanted to make it as memorable as possible so we've taken the liberty of having your entire meal prepared for you. You can have a toast with the wine and then every course will be brought to you without you having to order."
I stood up and said, "It's very nice to see you again Mr. and Mrs. Douglas. This is a very pleasant surprise and I'm sure we will enjoy everything you serve us tonight. Thank you so much for your thoughtfulness."
"Marsha, you didn't tell me he was so well mannered in addition to being so handsome. Please enjoy your meal and let us know if there is anything else you need."
Marsha's dad had been opening the wine and pouring it into two glasses. He put one in front of each of us. "Have fun you two."
I sat back down and picked up my glass. "To a memorable night with the most beautiful girl in the world."
"I'll be that girl because you think I am. Thank you for all you've done for me since we first met. And for what we will do together tonight."
We drank our wine and as soon as we had finished, the first course arrived. It was a complete service of Beluga caviar complete with toast points, boiled egg whites, chives, lemon wedges and sour cream. This dish alone must have cost over a hundred dollars. It was delicious and we took our time eating it. Marsha insisted on meticulously fixing each toast point for me and placing it on my plate. Her smile lit up the room as she served me.
The next course was something I'd only had once before in New York. It was coquillesSt.-Jacques, the classic French preparation of scallops in a creamy sauce, under a crust of breadcrumbs and cheese, served in a white porcelain dish held up by silver cherubs. This version had bits of truffles in it and was superb. This was followed by a classic Caesar salad made at the table. The entrée was a two-pound Maine lobster removed from the shell by our waiter and served simply with drawn butter and lemon wedges accompanied by Lyonnaise potatoes as a side dish.
Dessert was another French specialty: Grande Marnier Soufflé. It literally dissolved in your mouth. I thought it would be nice if I spent some of the money I made teaching to bring my parents here for dinner one night.
We finished our meal and left the table to walk to the front door. There was no bill to pay for the most incredible meal I'd ever eaten. When we were outside and the valet brought the car around I tipped him twenty dollars. Marsha found us some very romantic music on the Porsche's sound system to listen to while I hurriedly drove to her house. Once we arrived and walked inside I had only one thing to say. Where?"
She took my hand and led me to her bedroom. It was in a separate wing of the house and was very private. The room was large with several closets and a wonderful spa like bathroom. She started to remove her dress but I stopped her. "I want to do that." She helped me take off my tux then carefully hung it on hangers and put it in one of the closets. When I was completely naked she looked at me appraisingly. "Now I know what you've been feeling all this time in the classroom as you looked at us. It's very exciting and seeing you naked is making me incredibly horny."
She turned around and said, "It's not easy to see but there is a zipper in the back of this dress. You can start there." I located the zipper on the back of her neck and slowly slid it down to her waist. The gold, glittery ornamentation sparkled in the light as she tugged on the sleeve to remove her left arm. She did the same thing to her right arm and then turned to face me as she pulled the body stocking down off her shoulders and pushed it down to her waist after pulling it off her arms. She was now naked from the waist up."
"It seems strange to finally see your tits as many times as I've seen your delectable pussy. They're really very pretty. I like everything about them." I wasn't just flattering her, her breasts were as close to perfect as you can get. My cock began to twitch while I studied them.
She put her hands on the sides of her hips to pull the dress down so she could step out of it. Then she held up her left foot and asked, "Will you be so kind as to remove my shoe?" I happily obliged and then took off her right shoe. Lastly she peeled the body stocking off her hips and legs and when she did, the only thing she had on were her gold earrings. She turned and walked to the closet to hang up the dress.
Watching her walk made my heartbeat rise. Her body was everything you could possibly wish it to be, sculpted by years of cheerleading and acrobatic practice; there was not a flaw to be seen. After hanging up the dress she started walking toward her bathroom. "I'll just be a minute."
I got up and walked after her and told her, "No you won't. We're going to take a bath first."
"Oh Jeff! What a wonderful suggestion. I've never had a lover that wanted to bathe with me. Where did you learn this fabulous idea?"
"I had a tutor in college that taught me many wonderful things. Taking a bath together was one of them."
"Your tutor took baths with you? She must have been a very unusual tutor."
"She certainly was. Bathing together was only one of the many things she taught me."
"Will you share them with me?"
"If you are receptive to them it would be my pleasure."
She walked to the large tub and turned on the water then walked to the little toilet room to pee. When she returned I was already in the tub waiting for her. She stopped at her vanity and put her earrings into a box before getting in the tub.
"Do you want to keep your hair up? Because if you do I'll avoid touching it but I would very much like to wash it for you."
She reached up and pulled out the pins that were keeping it in place and let her hair fall around her shoulders. "I'm all yours Jeff. Do what you will with me."
Sliding toward her I put my arms around her and pulled her tightly against me. "Let's make this the most special night of our lives." The kiss that followed was incredibly intense and passionate. It was the beginning of the culmination of a long and simmering seduction that had been going on for weeks and showed our readiness to complete.
Moving back I told her to turn around and while she was doing that I picked up the spray and turned on the water. When it was nice and warm I directed it to her hair and began to get it wet. She picked up a bottle of shampoo from a caddy that contained soaps, body wash and other bath necessities and handed it to me. I poured some of the shampoo into my hand and began to rub it into her hair. As the lather formed I turned off the water and put down the spray so I could use both hands to wash her beautiful locks. Remembering how good this felt when Carol first did it to me I washed her hair as sensuously as I could. The feelings I had then returned and a peaceful calm came over me as my hands slid languorously through her hair and massaged her head.
"Oh God Jeff, this feels divine. The way you're touching me makes me feel so happy and wanted and cared for. I see I have something to thank your tutor for. She must have been very special."
"She is... unique. She taught me more than you could ever imagine and did it without expecting anything in return except that I learn her lessons. She will always have a special place in my heart. The Japanese have a saying that a boy learns how to be a boy from other boys but he learns how to be a man from a woman. Carol showed me the truth of that saying."
"Oh Jeff, I can tell by the way you talk about her how much you think of her. Will you be that person for me? Will you be my teacher, my mentor, my lover that will always have a special place in my heart?"
"Her greatest gift to me was teaching me to share knowledge unselfishly and with no expectations. It will be my honor to do for you what she did for me."
"I thought I was the one giving you a gift but you're giving me the greatest gift of all. Thank you Jeff for what you've done and what you will do for me. I'll never be able to repay you for this."
"The only repayment necessary is to allow me to share this with you. What we are doing means more to me than you can ever know. I feel as privileged to be here with you tonight as you do. You never stop learning and helping others is always a way to learn something new yourself."
"What are you teaching me now?"
"The difference between sensuality and sexuality and how to be aware of your desires, how to watch your energy transform from lust to love and how to express that love with caring and kindness. Foreplay is important for more reasons than just getting a person biologically receptive to sex. It's also important to get you spiritually ready. Making love goes to a whole new level when your being is in touch with the other person's. Washing you and caressing you and admiring your body are as enjoyable as intercourse if you do it with love. Close your eyes and just let your body absorb what I'm doing to you. Watch your breathing and be still."
As the lather began to dissipate, I used the spray to rinse her hair then picked up a bottle of body wash and poured some in my hand. Spreading it over her shoulders my hands slid down and across her back. She softly moaned as the washing turned to massaging her healthy, toned body. She was warm and her heat made my palms tingle. Leaning forward I placed little kisses on her neck then slid up close behind her and moved my hands around to cup her soft breasts. They felt as good as they looked and her head tilted back against my shoulder as I caressed them with my soapy hands.
"Jeff did you fall in love with your tutor?"
"Yes. Why do you ask?"
"Because I think I'm in love with you."
"Carol once had me read eight books that tried to answer the question 'How do you know you're in love?' They were difficult to read; full of esoteric psychological and philosophical treatises that tried to explain biological attraction, philanthropy, altruism, dependence, pain avoidance and existentialism. I read them in ten days and then when I saw her again she asked me: 'How do you know you're in love?' I simply smiled, walked up to her and put my arms around her and kissed her. Then she said, 'How long did it take you to discover that everything in those books was pure bullshit?' I told her it was after the fourth book but I kept on reading to see if any of the authors had a clue. You can't know you're in love by thinking about it. Love is a feeling. Only your heart can inform you that you're in love. It can't be done with thoughts and words."
We finished our bath in silence letting our hands and bodies do the communicating. After we rinsed off and got out of the tub we dried each other then I used her dryer to dry her hair. Brushing her long, shiny, healthy hair was a meditation. Our breathing slowed with each long stroke of the brush and for those few minutes, we could have been the only two people on the earth.
Then we walked back to her bedroom. She lit candles before turning off the lights so the room had a soft warm glow to match what we were feeling. I asked her to lie on her back and spread her legs then knelt between them. I paused to study her and savor the moment. My long time fantasy was about to be realized.
As I looked down at her wondrous body I couldn't help but think of my other Marsha, the one that had been forbidden to me. Why was I not allowed to be with her? Why did it take five years for life to finally grant my wish? Was it as Carol had once told me that she was convinced that life would eventually grant everybody's every wish, even it took lifetimes for it to happen. And enlightenment is when you finally realize that you've gotten everything you wished for and at last you just stop wishing.
Perhaps I was not ready for it at the time. Maybe my lack of sexual experience would have resulted in an unsatisfactory experience at best and an absolute disaster that could have caused me a lifetime of shame and embarrassment at worst. Or maybe I needed to feel what longing is really all about. It's true that nothing obtained easily is ever highly regarded. Waiting and wanting is what gives the object of your desire its value. It's how you come to realize that the simplest things are more precious than rubies because you've invested your energy and your dreams in getting them.
The words of what I think is the most beautiful song ever written came into my mind. Something else I'm indebted to Carol for. Don Mclean's Crossroads.
'You know I've heard about people like me.
But I never made the connection.
They walk one road to set them free.
And find they've gone the wrong direction.
But there's no need for turning back.
For all roads lead to where I stand.
And I believe I'll walk them all.
No matter what I may have planned.'
When she first played it for me she told me that when you find your true road in life it would have no direction. It would take me ten years before I finally understood what she meant and discover the truth of that assertion for myself.
Marsha's words shook me out of my solitary contemplation. "I can't believe I took so long to get made up for tonight and you want to see me straight out of the bath."
"You need nothing to enhance your beauty Marsha. I can't find a single thing that isn't perfect. I've studied your pussy for weeks and now I'm finally going to get to taste it."
"Oh God yes Jeff. I love having my pussy licked. Cassie is very good at it. She can make me cum multiple times when she eats me and Lee's pussy is the sweetest thing you've ever put in your mouth."
"I suspected you three were a lot more than just friends."
"We share everything but tonight I wanted to be selfish and have you all to myself. I mean I am the captain of the cheerleaders and rank has its privileges. You'll get to have fun with Cassie and Lee starting tomorrow."
Leaning over to place my face an inch from her slit, my cheeks felt the warmth of her upper thighs. Her pulse was strong and fast as the anticipation of what was about to happen inflamed her arousal. Her aroma was indescribable. The clean floral fragrance of the body wash mixed with her natural scent had an almost narcotic effect. It was all I could do not to tremble as my tongue took its first long lick up the center of her slit parting her perfect pink labia as it traversed her folds and sought her clit, perched provocatively at the top.
Her sharp, extended inhalation followed by a long, low moan told me all I needed to know. She slowly bent her knees and spread her legs even wider giving me unspoken permission to continue my oral exploration. I was enraptured by doing this to her. I licked her like she was an ice cream cone and absorbed the sensations of her smooth bare skin on my wet tongue. My hands moved under her ass cheeks and gently squeezed the warm soft flesh as I continued to drag my tongue over every inch of her pussy.
"Oh Jeff, this is wonderful. It's even better than I imagined. You don't know how long I've been dying to be with you like this and let you have complete access to what I've been teasing you with these past weeks. Oh God yes, love my pussy Jeff. Show me how much you want it. Taste me, feel me, inhale my fragrance, drink my juice. Oh God do it Jeff, take as much as you want."
We were of one mind about this. Both of us wanted to give more than we were receiving knowing that this was what made it more than sex. The subtle sounds and moves she made guided my actions as I continued to lick and suck her until her pussy was a hot, sodden mess; and still I kept going pausing only to enjoy her orgasm with her as she came all over my face. After her third one she finally spoke.
"I'd let you do this all night long but I want you inside me now. Put your cock in me Jeff. Put your hot hard cock as deeply inside me as you can and make love to me."
She knew I was hard without even seeing my cock. She knew she had made me hard almost everyday for the past six weeks just looking at her beautiful bald twat. She knew I was as anxious as she was to finally feel her warm pink vagina stretched lovingly around my throbbing shaft. Slowly I crawled up her body, kissing her breasts and nibbling her nipples as I got into position to enter her. I looked into her sparkling eyes as my head hovered over hers and felt her fingers encircle my shaft as she guided the head to her opening. "Now Jeff, do it slowly. Let me feel every inch of you as my wet pussy stretches around you. Oh Jeff, fill me with your cock."
I was surprisingly calm and relaxed as I pushed forward and very gently slid my full length inside her. I felt her mound pressing against me to tell me I was in her all the way. "There is one kiss we want so much we are willing to wait for it our whole lives." I lowered my head down and pressed my lips to hers. Her arms and legs enfolded me in a tender embrace and she sighed heavily and contentedly. We lay there not moving as our breathing synchronized and the heat of our bodies merged together in a sweet, ecstatic flush that swept through us. I had only felt this once before, the day I was first at Carol's house and we made love.
Then just as with Carol, my heart opened and love seemed to flow between us as if our very blood were being shared. Marsha made a sound that told me she was feeling everything that I was. Her hands tenderly caressed my back and her legs gently squeezed me as her body surrendered to our joining.
When you are making love to a woman and you feel her open up and reveal her very being to you then lovemaking is no longer sex. When you connect at that level it becomes a form of spiritual communion. You no longer have to say anything or think anything. Your bodies obey the intrinsic, innate knowledge that is ordinarily obscured by your mind. It may seem paradoxical but you can only reach this state if YOU are not there. You have to merge into the other and exist as a union for a while. There is no I. There is no Thou. Only love. Time stops. Boundaries disappear.
We were continuing our dance that we had begun at the prom only this time it was done the way a tango really wants to be danced. It would be more accurate to say that the tango danced us. There was no conscious choreography on our part. Every move came from deep within us, from a place where thoughts are replaced by our spirits guiding us to interpret a celestial music. This was a place where the Yin and Yang constantly disappear into each other and reappear like waves on an infinite ocean.
Having an orgasm is not the purpose of this type of sex. Becoming an orgasm is what this is all about. The physical sensations of orgasm come and go but the orgasmic feeling that spreads through your body like warm honey continues uninterrupted until at last your body needs rest and you slowly descend back to the physical plane. The afterglow of the experience can last for days. You feel a closeness to the other that is unlike anything you've ever felt. It's something you will remember for the rest of your life.
"Jeff I really want you to stay with me tonight but my parents have asked me not to let my boyfriends sleep over. But you need to be back here at ten in the morning so you can receive your other gifts."
We took a quick shower and I got dressed. At the front door I took her delicious naked body in my arms and kissed her. "Thank you for the most wonderful night of my life. It was worth waiting for and exceeded my every expectation. I can't wait until I'm back here in the morning."
"Oh Jeff it was a wonderful night and I'll remember it all my life. I don't know if I'll be able to sleep tonight thinking about what we did. Please don't be late tomorrow. Cassie and Lee are as excited about being with you as I was. Don't disappoint them."
The next morning at breakfast I told my parents how incredible the meal at the restaurant was and what a great time I had. They were eager to hear about it and were glad that I had a good time. It was a warm day and I put on a pair of shorts and a short sleeved shirt and grabbed my swim trunks just in case but I didn't expect I'd need them. When I got to Marsha's house I parked in the driveway and walked to the front door. I rang the bell and within seconds it was flung open to reveal all three of my former students standing there naked. All I could think of to say was, "Trick or treat."
Marsha replied, "Oh it's definitely going to be a treat Jeff, as much as you can handle."
She grabbed my hand and pulled me inside where they led me to the large patio at the back of the house. The pool was surrounded by a high fence, which provided complete privacy. They stripped my clothes off so fast I barely had time to realize it was happening.
"If you want something to eat or drink just ask for it. We've got just about anything you could want."
"You've got everything I could possibly want. You can be sure of that."
"I'm glad you think so because we can't wait to give it to you. Would you rather go one on one or have us all at the same time?"
"Gangbang me. I couldn't decide which one to start with anyway."
They led me to an inflated air mattress by the side of the pool and told me to lie down on my back. Just the sight of them already had my cock beginning to swell. Cassie and Lee both had tits that were as perfect as Marsha's but the size and shape were a little different. Cassie had the largest but Lee's perfectly proportioned breasts were teardrop shaped and had dark pink areolas topped with nipples that begged to be sucked.
"We discussed this before you got here and we decided that one of us would lie face down between your legs and suck your balls while another would lie beside you with her head on your tummy so she can suck your cock. The third girl will straddle your face so you can eat her pussy. Any questions?"
"When do we start?"
I no sooner got those words out before they all took their places. Lee got between my legs and Cassie lay beside me. Marsha gave me a little time to enjoy the sight of Lee and Cassie before swinging her leg over my chest and lowering herself down to her knees with her bare pussy inches above my mouth. I felt Lee's fingers wrap around my shaft to hold it straight up.
"Oh God Jeff you have such a beautiful cock. I just love it."
Cassie said, "Lee have you ever met a cock you didn't love?"
"Well, no but I haven't met THAT many. I think it's because I had a really bad case of penis envy when I was younger. I was pissed that guys had all this neat equipment between their legs that they could play with and all girls have is another hole and a little nub of a clitoris. Cocks and balls are so fascinating. They swell up and bounce around and get bigger as you play with them. And the best part is when they spurt out all that hot goo. God it just makes me tingle every time I see a cock do that."
"When was the first time you saw a guy cum?"
"The day after my eighteenth birthday I waited until my two older brothers went upstairs to their rooms. I snuck up to the door of Tim's room and very slowly opened it just a little so I could see in. He was watching porn on his computer and stroking his cock. He didn't even notice when I crept into his room and slowly walked up behind him. I was fascinated watching him and started rubbing my clit through my panties. I got so turned on I finally just blurted it out and asked him if he would let me jerk him off. He was so surprised he practically fell out of the chair."
"He couldn't believe I wanted to do it but he sat back in his chair and I took my t-shirt and panties off then knelt in front of him. There was a bottle of lube on his desk so I poured some in my hand and began to stroke his dick. He gave me directions and I did exactly what he told me. He had almost lost his erection when I startled him and I loved seeing that what I was doing was making it swell up in my hand until it was really hard and hot.
"I kept on stroking him while he moved his head back and forth from his computer screen to looking at me. I wondered which image was making him more aroused. He finally answered that question by staring at me while my hand slid up and down his hard cock. He smiled and told me he was going to cum. I could feel my heartbeat racing as my hand jerked his beautiful cock until his cum spurted out all over my tits.
God it was so exciting.
He handed me a tissue and I used it to wipe his sticky cum off my chest. I couldn't resist the temptation to taste it and was thrilled to discover how much I liked it."
I picked up my t-shirt and panties and but didn't put them on. Walking back to my room I heard sounds coming from my other brother's room. I decided to peek in and see what he was doing. Just as I suspected he was sitting at his computer jerking off to porn. I just barged in and told him to sit back and let me do it for him. He didn't seem the least bit reluctant to avail himself of my offer to assist him. A few minutes later my chest was covered in cum again."
"It wasn't long before I was doing it to both of them all the time. I loved it. The hand jobs soon turned into blowjobs and I was swallowing loads of their cum every day while perfecting my deep throat technique. They both told me I had become the best cocksucker they had ever met. I took that as a compliment."
"So your brothers made you into a cum slut. Have you gotten over your penis envy?"
"Yeah, after the second time I had sex I realized that it was stupid to want to have my own cock when I could have as many as I wanted. And they come in all shapes, sizes and colors. Why should I settle for having to carry around my own when every boy in the world will do it for me?"
"You'll get no argument from me. Now why don't you show me how good you are at making a cock hard."
Lee's skillful fingers slowly stroked my cock as it continued to stiffen. Then I felt her tongue begin to lick one of my balls. After licking it a while she pursed her lips and carefully sucked it between them so her tongue could work on it just inside her hot wet mouth. She was good. She was very good. I never doubted she would be but her skill and enthusiasm refined by all the practice she had with her brothers put her into a rarified league of ball suckers. She very quickly had me at full erection.
That's when she took her hand off my cock and began to work on my balls without distraction. No sooner had her hand left my shaft than Cassie's lips replaced it. Her mouth enclosed the head of my stiff cock and her tongue began to torment it while she gently sucked it. My left ball was now completely inside Lee's mouth where she chased it around with her talented tongue. The two of them were making me feel really good. I closed my eyes to savor what was happening in my groin and felt Marsha's delicious pussy make contact with my mouth.
"Get me wet then I'll take over."
My mouth opened and my tongue began to drag the length of her slit. After several repetitions I concentrated on her puffy outer lips and licked them forcefully before drawing them between my lips to gently nibble on them and pull them. My hands moved to cup her ass cheeks so I could squeeze the firm flesh while licking her. My tongue found her opening and slid inside her vagina as far as it would go. Her body jerked as the tip of my tongue explored her pink cavity.
"Jeff you just hold still now and let me do everything."
Keeping my mouth open I relaxed and stopped moving. She began to fuck my face with slow hula like movements of her hips, sliding her pussy up and down over my mouth. The beautiful sight of her tits swaying as she moved greeted my eyes when they opened to see what she looked like while she slid her slippery twat over my face. She was magnificent, lost in the throes of lust with her eyes half closed and her hips gyrating to build her arousal.
Trying unsuccessfully to process all the sensations of what the three of them were doing to me I finally gave up and allowed all the erotic input to roam freely through my brain. I was floating in a sea of sex. It was difficult to understand why I hadn't cum yet. Usually I blew my load with much less stimulation than what I was being subjected to now. Then it dawned on me just how talented these three were at prolonging my sexual pleasure while keeping me below the orgasmic threshold. They possessed an uncanny ability to sense when I was getting close and slowed their actions to let me briefly recuperate. My admiration of them increased immeasurably.
By now Lee had both my balls in her mouth and was tenderly pleasuring them with her soft tongue in a way that is impossible to describe. She was introducing me to a form of sexual stimulation I didn't know existed. I had always been very sensitive to having my balls touched since there is a very fine line between what feels good and what is at best uncomfortable and at worst excruciatingly painful. She however was a master at testicular manipulation that induced extreme pleasure and sexual joy. My entire scrotum was drenched in her saliva as she swished my sensitive orbs around like a washing machine on the highest delicate setting.
Cassie was getting the indirect benefit of Lee's actions because her ball sucking was taking my cock to a heretofore-unknown level of hardness. This caused Cassie to produce copious amounts of saliva, which was overflowing her mouth and running down my upright shaft like a waterfall. In concert with Lee, she would occasionally push her head down to take more of my dick into her mouth until she had the entire length enclosed. Then just as slowly as she engulfed it she rose back up and released all but the head, which she continued to lick and suck like it was a lollipop.
Meanwhile, back at the other end of my body, Marsha blissfully continued using my mouth and face as a sex toy to achieve her own orgasms. I don't know how many she had since the spacing between them was sometimes non-existent but every time she came I was treated to a healthy dose of her delicious juices and the most delightful moans and sounds of a woman lost in ecstasy.
How I had lasted this long was a mystery to me but my release was unavoidable and all of this stimulation produced the inevitable result. I could feel my orgasm begin like seeing a tornado drop out of a dark cloud and touch the ground. I made no attempt to avoid it as it built up in intensity until finally it overwhelmed me. Cum spewed out of my cock like the Old Faithful geyser in a series of spurts, each of which could have filled Cassie's mouth but her own skill at cocksucking was evident by the way she swallowed each massive load as it erupted into her mouth. Lee gently pressed my balls against the roof of her mouth with her tongue each time I ejaculated to urge me to keep doing it. The word orgasm seemed woefully inadequate to express what this felt like as I just surrendered to whatever my body wanted to do.
I have heard that 1968 was known as the summer of love but the summer I spent with Marsha, Cassie and Lee was our summer of love. I spent virtually every day with them making love and having sex in as many ways as we could think of. There was never any discontent or jealousy and even when we were exhausted from the sex I continued to teach them things that would help them when they started college in the fall. It would turn out to be the most glorious time of our lives. Even when it ended and we all went our separate ways, the memories were sweet and everlasting.