I usually know when he is up to something even if I don't know exactly what at the time. The week before last he was all over the place & this week is not much better.
"Um ..... Tim & Jeanette have asked if we want to go out with them this weekend & I was wondering if you would like to come?"
I now know why!
"Where?"
"It's a house party at friends of theirs."
"Will there be other couples there?"
"Yes."
"Do you want to go?"
"I wouldn't mind."
"Will you be swapping me again?"
He blushed instantly.
"No, no, of course not. It's not like that."
"Brett!"
He looked shame faced.
"No more surprises."
He was looking at his feet.
"Only if you want to. Tim said you don't have to, there's no pressure, just go with who you like, when you like."
"What about you? Will you be going with the other wives?"
He shrugged.
"Well?"
"Suppose so."
"So I will have to. They will expect me to?"
"Maybe. If you want to?"
"It's not like that & you know it."
He kept his head low.
Despite of what seemed to be disappointment with the events of the previous experience, it doesn't seem to have put him off pursuing this new direction in our marriage.
"It's not until Saturday so there is plenty of time to decide."
"He wants me to let him know in the morning. If we don't go they will find another couple to make up the numbers."
"How many will there be?"
"I'm not sure, 6 I think."
"Including us?"
"Yes."
"6 couples?"
"That's what he said."
"Is this how it is going to be from now on, you trading me so you can have sex with other women."
"No, no. You can have sex with other men too, as many as you like & you get to choose."
"I don't remember being asked. I wasn't last time. What if I'm happy with you & don't need anyone else."
He was in a dither. He obviously believed I had been converted last time, in line with what he wants for us.
"You didn't mind with Tim did you?"
"No, but then I like getting fucked. You of all people should know that, I never turn you down."
He was trying to think of something to say, something to convince me to go with it again.
"You said you would consider it."
"Yes, but not a fortnight later. When we discussed it I expected it to be every now & then with a like minded couple who we had known for a while."
He was quiet, sulking. I was busy so carried on.
An hour later he was back.
"This is how it is. There are parties everywhere every weekend."
"We don't have to go to all of them, surely?"
"No."
"What then?"
"I just though that as we have only just started it might be an idea to just go along with it for a while, see if we like it."
"See if you like it, or like the wives."
He looked guilty.
"So you want to go out every weekend?"
"For a while."
He thought & decided to it sounded a bit much.
"Not every, maybe, just see how it goes. We have only been with Jeanette & Tim so far."
"And that didn't work for you. Is it because you & Jeanette didn't get it on so you want to try some more & you are using my vagina to get you in the door?"
It was exactly what he thought, his face twisting up as if he had been caught red handed.
"No, no, .......... I'm not."
"Aren't you?"
He went quiet.
"I'm sorry."
He got that Hang Dog look he gets when he wants his own way. He knows he can always get round me one way or another, I'm a sucker for the pathetic, sympathetic approach.
Seeing me getting it from Tim hadn't seem to upset him too much. Since he seems determined to get us involved in this sort of thing I decided to go along with it. Maybe he will get tired of it eventually & we can go back the way we were. At least that way he won't see me as the baddie who stopped him. There are bound to be some duds along the way, but then some of the ones I picked before I met him turned out to be hopeless, only after number one. My only fear was that it might break us up & that is the last thing I wanted. I decided that if I could see us starting to go off the rails I would put my foot down & pull us out. Who knows, I might end up enjoying it too. 6 couples? I had no idea what to expect, but must admit to being curious. Does that mean I get to have sex with 6 different men in one night?
"I suppose we could."
His face lit up.
"Tim said they will pick us up."
He couldn't disguise his delight. He had got his way, as he always does.
"No Brett, I want to go under our own steam, so we can come away when we are ready."
He frowned at me, but when he got home the next evening all was well & they would call by so we can follow them. In a funny way I was both scared & looking forward to it at the same time.
"As we are going out on Saturday night I might get my hair done. You want me to look at my best don't you?"
He did, of course he did, but I had an ulterior motive.
"You go right ahead."
I liked the way Jeanette looked without pubes. Unfortunately my Salon doesn't do waxing but Jill at work was always talking about going to get hers done.
"Who does your waxing?"
"Getting a Brazilian?"
"Thinking about it."
"I've had one for years, could stand letting it growing back again."
I knew, she had told me, told all of us, men folk included. I managed to get appointments for both on Thursday. I would have liked to surprise Brett on Saturday, but thought I might be a bit tender if I had only had it done that morning.
Heather did my hair first then I had to go with Lisa to be waxed. She was exactly what I expected her to be, late 30's & quite striking looking.
"First time?"
"Yes."
"Let me know if it gets too much & I will use smaller strips."
So! The sign had said there would be little discomfort & I wondered how they could guarantee that given that they would be tearing my hair out by the roots. As it turned out it did sting for a moment or 2 but I actually found it quite pleasant. After the first few strips she paused.
"Okay?"
"Yes."
"Not too much?"
"No, not at all."
She got on with it again.
"Do you want the back done?"
"I don't know. What do you think?"
"You are not too bad but I would recommend it just the same, it means you will be soft & smooth all the way through."
The conversation was interesting. Yes, she is done & no, she can't do it herself so her husband comes in. He is done too.
"Do you get many males?"
"Never used to be but now it is a big part of the business."
"Do you like doing them?"
"I don't mind. It goes with the job. Girls are pretty easy, down each side, but males are a lot more challenging to get it all."
"Do you?"
She smiled.
"Always. I say if you are not going to do it properly don't do it at all."
"Fair enough. Do they get aroused?"
"Usually, but it's not their fault, they can't help it. I don't mind because it makes it easier when they are sticking up."
"You have seen a few?"
"A lot!"
We exchanged smiles.
"Do you like them waxed?"
"Yes I much prefer it. Have you seen one?"
I hadn't, it only just occurred to me.
"No."
"I have some photos if you are interested."
She had said it quietly as if to not be forcing it on me.
"Yes I would."
"When we are done."
I was already very sensitive with all the attention I was getting but when she applied the soothing oils at the end & took a long time massaging them in I was fit to explode.
"How was that?"
"Great."
She found & mirror so I could see. I had looked at myself in a mirror a few times but I had never looked like this. I really like it, liked how I looked & was glad I went through with it.
"You can have a feel if you like, all my new clients do. I won't tell, promise."
She gave me a naughty grin. I did, a really good feel & it was amazing, so soft & smooth, like nothing I had experienced before.
"It will take some time getting used to the new you, won't be able to keep your hand off it for a while, trust me."
I carried on while she got the photos out. I expected them to be on her phone or iPad but instead it was a large folder with big beautiful images.
"That's my husband, Paul."
There were some full length photos & some close ups both flaccid & with full erections. They were breath taking, about 20 taking from ever angle, even through his legs from behind.
"What do you think?"
"He looks gorgeous. Sorry I did mean .... "
"That's okay. I will tell him. He will like hearing that."
She smiled.
"He had to look at his best if I'm going to convince others to try it. There are more of my regulars if you are interested. They have given me permission to show them. Just take your time my next isn't due for a while, a male as it happens."
I had never thought much about penises & what they look like but I certainly was now. Like seeing Brett inside Jeanette's vagina, I just never tried to imagine it, but now? WOW! There were some beautiful penises, nothing crude or rude about them, just natural & at their best, with erection & otherwise. I was completely captivated.
"You must get to know your customers very well?"
"Intimately some would say."
We laughed.
"It can be a real challenge getting them perfectly hairless & smooth but I love working with them."
"I don't blame you for that, I would too."
"Your husband doesn't mind."
"He understands."
I felt envious of her. As I made my way out he was sitting waiting, I recognised him from the photos & couldn't stop my eyes going straight to his crotch. He smiled as if he knew, I knew, exactly what his penis looked like, with & without an erection.
"Guess what I did today?"
"What?"
I'm not sure how I managed to contain myself but waited until after dinner so there would be plenty of time. I had taken my panties off when I got in without him seeing so lifted my skirt just enough for him to see. He let out a gasp.
"Do you like it?"
"I love it!"
"I thought you might. I know you thought Jeanette's looked nice so I did too."
"Did you?"
"That's why I had it done."
"Did it hurt?"
"Not much. Not enough to stop me. Do you want to feel? I am very smooth & soft at present."
I knelt beside him, one knee on the arm of the chair & let him feel me up.
"Nice?"
"YEAH!"
"Do you prefer me like this?"
"YEAH! Are you going to keep it?"
"I don't know yet. I will see if it causes me any problems."
I reached down & unzipped his pants, pulling his cock out & fondled his balls. It wasn't long before he was nice & hard. Climbing aboard, I guided him up inside me.
We slept with him cuddled up behind me, hand wedged in the top of my legs! He could leave me alone. Friday morning he fucked me again, he felt me before & after I had my shower & just as he was leaving for work, again as soon as we got in & it seemed like every time I stood still after that. It was nice, fun & I certainly enjoyed the attention. She was right I was every bit as bad myself engineering places at work to have a feel, apart from the Toilet & nearly got caught a few times. I hadn't expected it to affect me this way. Feels turned to frigs in the Ladies. I had on occasions before, but not every time I went. He fucked me again Friday night. Saturday morning started with a dawn breaker, one of our better ones. I don't know how I got through the housework getting interfered with so many times. Not that I wanted him to stop.
As the day progressed he started to get more & more restless, was I happy, looking forward to going out & I assured him I was.
"What are you going to wear?"
"My short white dress."
It wasn't too revealing but very flattering for my figure.
"Are you going to wear a bra?"
He had to ask. If he had his way I would never wear one.
"No, I'm not going to wear a bra & may not bother with panties either."
He smiled until realising I meant it, then look horrified.
"What if you have an accident?"
"A lot of people will get to see that I am waxed, why?"
I think I upset him being so open but I didn't care, he was the one with the problem, not me. As the day wore on he asked me a number of times if I was sure & did I still want to go because it wasn't too late. I told him we had to because they wouldn't have time to make up the numbers now, firing it back at him, not that he seemed aware what I was doing. He was very quiet over dinner & I wondered if he was the one who wanted to pull out, but no, nothing was said when they turned up.
They were right on time & we were ready. It felt weird kissing Jeanette, properly while holding hands with Brett & she with Tim, but thrilling as well. He asked me if I was okay a couple of times while we were heading there & I assured him I was, why? He said I was singing to myself & I realised I was. Even though I was very nervous & a little bit scared, I was looking forward to it too so by the time we arrived I was in a very heightened state, ready for what ever lay in store for me. He asked me again when we stopped if I was sure & I got the feeling if I had said no he would have turned round & taken me home without question. There seemed to be a lot of cars parked in the street, more than 6. The house was set a long way back from the road & surrounded by trees so was very secluded which made me feel a bit better.
Jerry & Pearl were the hosts & Tim & Jeanette were greeted like long lost friends before I was thoroughly inspected & kissed by both, placed back in their care & allowed to proceed. We could hear a gathering of people talking as we were directed to a small room, an office with a desk & filing cabinet. There were lots of piles of clothing everywhere & a stack of towels by the door. We had left anything of value locked in our car as instructed & proceed to undress, which only took me a single movement. My new appearance was welcomed by long feels from both, inside & out while Brett looked on rather bemused by the attention I was receiving. Jeanette explained what the towels were for, to wrap round & sitting on so we didn't leave any of our "juices" on the furniture & in the state I was in already, that was a distinct possibility. She explained I was to wear mine tucked under my armpits, Brett's around his waist. She insisted on kissing me again for some time to get in first I suspect, before we went through. It was really surreal again but exciting too, holding hands with my husband while being kissed by a woman & felt up by another man. Far from it bothering me, I decided I could get used to this.
As explained, we sat together on the chairs spread round their Lounge, 'The Social Area'. I had been told what to expect so I was ready, but when it did happen I got quite a shock. The etiquette was to have a 'get to know you' hour or so, the women staying put while the men moved around visiting & introducing themselves to those they were interested in. I was told to keep covered the whole time but was allowed to 'adjust' my towel from time to time. When it happened I got quite a surprise. The women started getting up, one at a time, walking into the centre of the room, undo their towels & opening them to show what they have before tucking it away. While everyone got to see what was inside, some men were singled out for special attention, Brett being the main one & got good shows from all of the women. Jeanette kept nodding in my direction, encouraging me to stand up. I felt really shy, embarrassed in a way, not that I have anything to be ashamed of, just the idea of flashing my body to a room full of complete strangers. The room stopped & went quiet when I stood, making me feel even more nervous, but was thrilled by the reception I got. Even the women were craning to see my body, but then I had a very good look at their bodies too when I had the chance. I didn't single anyone out, too soon. I felt my vagina muscles contracting, pulsing & was sure I could feel my juices escaping.
The males arrived, all I'm sure, more than 6 that was for sure. They wanted to know everything about me but there was a bit of a line up so got hurried along. Jeanette had explained that the men don't 'adjust' instead if you look down into their laps & they expose themselves giving a private viewing. I made a point of seeing them all, each with an erection, all shapes sizes & colours. 2 were waxed which I thought beautiful & decided then Brett would be accompanying me next time. When the women 'adjusted' in front of the one I was with, they always asked me what I thought of her, her tits & vagina. Some told me they had fucked her before & went on to tell me what she had been like. Where I come from you don't discuss things like that with complete strangers & I must confessed to being quite shocked at first, but then decided it was part & parcel of these groups, they were all there for sex, nothing more so I shouldn't be too surprised. My only disappointment was their age, all about Jeanette & Tim's, none close to ours. I guessed that was why we were in such demand.
I'm not sure what the trigger was, but the men suddenly swarmed, jostling to take me away. I had seen all of the penises but couldn't put a face to them. At last I recognised 1, one of the waxed ones. I was curious so I went with him. I was in the mood & raring to go, try anything that was going. I was taken to a room where there was nothing but wall to wall mattresses & cushions with just a gap to close the door. We were the first & I was directed into the corner. So this was it? His smooth hairless cock & balls did make a difference & I had no hesitation going down on him. The room filled with couples & I loved looking round at them all in many & various stages of foreplay. Brett was towed in & proceeded to receive similar treatment. He looked over at me & smiled & I smiled back before descending into the mass of bodies. He was hungry for me, I could tell, eager to get inside & I didn't delay him, feeling proud to be desired so much. I wondered what would happen, so many women to choose from. Would it be just one a night? He was getting close. We had been together for about ½ an hour & he slowed before withdrawing, kissing me.
"I had better get you back so someone else can have a go at you. Thanks, you were great. Nice cunt. I might catch up with you later if there is time, if you don't mind that is?"
"No, no, not at all. I enjoyed it. ..... enjoyed you."
I thought I had better add that. I had to wrap up in my towel again & we walked through hand in hand.
"Great fuck."
"You're welcome."
We kissed again.
I had enjoyed it. While I hadn't relaxed quite enough to climax, the stirring were definitely there & I was sure there would be an orgasm, maybe orgasms for me before the night was over. 2 of the women had climaxed, at least they told everyone so. I wasn't quite that obvious, I thought, more interesting in what was happening between my legs rather than what was coming out of my mouth. His bottom had just wobbled away when there were 3 waiting to pounce. I realise it didn't matter which one I chose, having decided to see if I could make it with them all, did an 'eeny meeny' in my head & let the winner take my hand. He was older but a lot gentler, taking over the foreplay, not expecting anything from me, penetrating earlier & soon had me on my way. It built up & built up & then it was there, overwhelming me with its power. I'm not sure what noises I made but as it passed everyone was watching & added there support.
"Way to go Rose!"
It was thrilling to share it with a room full of people & I cuddled into Rob's neck, thanking him.
"It was an honour to serve you."
I think he meant it giving me goosepimples. Another was begging so I kept him close determined not to give him back until he got me there. He did & there was a round of encouragement from those along side. As we made our way through the bodies towards the door my bum was slapped, cheering me on.
He got a very deep kiss of appreciation for his efforts & as he made his way, one of those in expectation asked. I suspected they were friends who had done this sort thing together many times before as they talked as if I wasn't there.
"Good tits."
"Yeah, nice handful, but the nips are small, probably haven't feed a sprog. They will get better once they have been round a bit."
"How's the cunt?"
"Excellent. Still tight & easy to get into. She really needs it. You'll love her."
It probably sounds strange but I loved hearing their talk, not just because they were saying nice things about my body, but being treated as just an object, something to fuck. I thought I would be indignant, outraged to be spoken about like that, but I wasn't, I loved it, realising it was something I had hoped to be.
Tim turned up crouching down while I was being fucked, kissing me & feeling my tits while someone else was inside me.
"How's it going?"
"Okay."
"Not too much for you?"
"A bit, but I'm getting used to it."
"Enjoying it?"
"Yes."
"You don't have to go with everyone, did Jeanette tell you."
"Yes."
She hadn't, Brett had, of course. Anyway, I had pretty much worked that much out for myself.
"If you want some time out, it's up to you. Nobody expects you to do them all. 2 couples couldn't make it at the last minute so there are only 11."
Only 11! I knew there was more than 6, not sure if I had been conned again, not that the numbers frightened me.
"Can't wait to get into that little cunt of yours again."
What a thing to say! Still, I didn't mind too much because I knew he wanted me & that was all that mattered.
"You will fit me in, won't you?"
"Yes."
I didn't know what else to say, but I did want him again too. He had been good last time & I was hoping he would be again. We kissed & he drifted away
6! I was over half way & still on track to get the job done, climaxing with 2 so far. They were all different, felt different. This is what it was all about, variety & I found that curiosity I had felt before settling with Brett returning, looking at them all & wondering. Everything was fine I just wanted a time out so I let myself onto the deck & closed the door hoping no one would find me until I wanted them to. There was on open widow & I could hear them talking & recognised the voices, Tim & Rob. I heard every word.
"Where did you get her from?"
"A guy at work."
"She's a good little fuck, tight cunt, will go far."
"Yes. He wanted to get into the scene & bought some nude shot of her along that he had got without her knowing. I knew straight away it was a great little body, good tits & a nice cunt now she has got rid on the minge."
"How long have you had her?"
"Couple of weeks. Showed Jeanette the pictures & she was right into her, you know what she is like."
"She certainly has brought us her fair share of fresh cunt juice."
They laughed.
"Brett set her up, that's him over there about to fuck your Sherrie."
"She'll be loving it, a bit of young cock."
"He said he thought she might be up for it so we sent her in & she hooked her the very first night. Seems she is into cunt herself so was a push over. Fucks like crazy, even pisses herself!"
"I love it when they do that!"
"Me too! Jeanette's a regular."
"I know. She has pissed on my cock many a time."
"Well it is a lovely bit of snatch, I certainly enjoyed it. Thank Jeanette for me & tell her she has hit the jackpot again. Enjoy fucking that cunt again."
"Never fear, I will."
Seems the kind & considerate Tim of Saturday night was just a ploy to get into my pants. Well if that is how it is, I'm going to make the very most of it!
I was ready to get back into it again, but first there was something to deal with. Nature was calling.
"Where's the Toilet?"
I was asking Allison when Bill butted in.
"Don't worry, we'll show you."
As I followed him down the passage I realised we were being followed.
"In here."
He reached round & turned on the light. I pushed passed him but when I turned round there were 4 of them.
"Don't mind if we watch?"
I was flummoxed & didn't know what to think.
"I suppose."
"Good. Hang on a minute I'll just get Joe."
He arrived back with him & they turned towards me.
"Okay. Let it out."
I sat there stunned & much to my surprise it started.
"Can you open your legs so we can get a descent look at your cunt?"
I never close the door at home & Brett is free to wander in & out if he wants to so I am used to going with him there, but doesn't look at me going, not like this. I did as I was told.
"That's better."
It went on & on as they watched & smiled. I saw their erections growing under their towels, tent poles & jerking so gave myself a very good wipe at the end to make it last for them.
"Thanks for that. You are good girl."
They leaned over kissing & thanking me while I was still sitting on the seat. It was weird, but not all that unpleasant.
"Did you let them watch?"
"How did you know?"
"Just an educated guess."
She gave her a knowing smile.
"I couldn't stop them, they just turned up."
Allison laughed.
"You'll get used to it. There's no privacy here. You can't even enjoy a good frig without spectators either! It's a wonder Jeanette didn't warn you. If it is any comfort to you we all get watched. We need to pamper to their curiosities, after all they are just over grown Schoolboys after all."
That made me feel better.
"Are you with someone?"
"In between."
"Do you want to come in here?"
"If you like."
I wasn't sure why but went along with her. She took my hand & I got towed into a bedroom. No sooner was I in the door when I was all but pushed up against the wall, our lips met & that was it. One tit was being felt & a hand was trying to prise my legs apart but I saved it the trouble & opened , 2 fingers finding their mark & were driven home. I had my eyes pressed closed wanting to focus on all that was happening when I heard whispers,
"Allison's got her, Allison's got her."
Me! More hands arrived.
"This is Sandy."
We kissed. There were 4 hands now, one found my other tit, another my bottom, sliding down over my tight hole, 2 fingers slipping into my vagina from behind to join the others already ensconced. It was a strange, but wonderful feeling, especially when a thumb entered my arsehole while another rubbed my clit. Brett has done it to me a few times & I really liked it, but we have never explored it any further. She knew what she was up to because I could feel her rubbing my thin membrane between her thumb & fingers. They were taking turns kissing me, rolling my head from one mouth to the other, tongue ready to shove down my throat. I was in ecstasy every part of my femininity was being caressed.
There was a crowd gathering, those who had just watched me peeing. They were stroking themselves, not wanking as such, something I had only seen on odd occasions when my prospective lovers did it to ensure that extra little bit of firmness. Brett has seldom done it during our time together so I was curious to see five at it & not just for a few moments. My eye strayed in their direction from time to time & observed for several moments. For all that I was completely engaged, quire literally in the hands of 2 very obviously experienced operators. 2 more joined in, Rhonda & Jean, both introducing themselves with a kiss, to the delight of the stroking males it was turning into a bit of a floorshow for their benefit, I imagined, but I was enjoying it to the full as well. My hands were taken & pressed against 2 different vaginas as the intensity increased. Fumbling amongst the labia I found openings & couldn't believe it. Not only did I have the fingers of 2 different women in my vagina, I had 2 fingers in 2 others. It wasn't wasted on the audience.
"Look at her, she's into both cunts!"
By the reaction I guessed this was something special to them.
I hadn't ever imagined what it would be like but somehow expected them to feel much the same as mine, but I was wrong. Allison was big, slack the boys would call her, with quite big lips to be negotiated, while Sandy's was smaller, quite compact, a bit like my own & much firmer inside. Looking at them, Sandy was definitely the older, unless Allison had a face lift & I decided I wanted to be more like her. I had felt Jeanette up, but this was better, much better. They were down on me, taking turns, eager to drink from my 'Ladies Cup'. They returned for kisses & I could taste myself which only made me more aroused. I'm not sure which one, but she had me right there, just a tongue flick or 2 away. I let go & she buried her face. The others became quite excited at my climaxing & seemed to be lining up to take over. I had 4, one to each, which they seemed to take as a badge of honour.
It became a free for all. If a face appeared, I kissed it, a nipple, I sucked it & a vagina, I licked it. One ground hers into my face & in moments I had sent her over the top, they all gathering round cheering me on with tongue kisses after, as if I had just been initiated into some exclusive Club. There were orgasms for them all before I was done, being lifted & passed around like a Rag Doll. They were squirting, not badly but enough for me to taste & recognise it. It was torrid, far more so with the males who seemed to only want to please me. For all that I had loved it & would have been content to carry on, but one by one they wrapped in their towels, kissed & thanked me before drifting off. It was over! I lay there for several moment just soaking it up. The strokers had wandered away too, 'Huntin' Honey' one said as he left. Sitting up & found my towel. It had been under all of the activity & reeked of pee but somehow it only added to the atmosphere as I wrapped it round me again & headed down the passage to the Social Area still a little weak at the knees.
I felt fingers digging in my ribs.
"Is your little cunt ready for me now?"
"As ready as it ever will be."
"Mind if I fuck it?"
"I will be disappointed if you don't!"
We headed toward one of the mattress rooms arm over my shoulder, stopping to kiss along the way. It felt good to be with him again & I was looking forward to obliging his every whim. We found a clearing among the bodies & he ritually untied my towel so it dropped to the floor. Stepping back, he looked me up & down, a wonderful smile on his face.
"When did you get your cunt done."
"On Thursday."
"For tonight?"
"Yes, I thought you would like it. Jeanette has hers done so I thought I would too. I'm just like her now."
"And just as good in the sack."
I don't think Brett would agree, but now was not the time to say so. He felt me up so I parted my legs for him.
"You are great, just great. I knew you were going to be a good fuck the first time I saw your body."
The illicit pictures?
"Why thank you Sir!"
I pushed his hand against my vagina kissing him at the same time.
He took his time getting around to it again & seemed to be revelling in my body. Every chance I got I kissed him, whispering encouragement, inviting his complete occupation of my body.
"Are you going to open your legs for me?"
"Try & stop me."
I was ready, as ready as I ever have been to be penetrated. Feeling him gliding in was wonderful & the first echoes of an orgasm were there. I was going to climax & it wouldn't be long. He felt just as good as I remembered so & wrapped my arms round him, holding on while he moved in & out of my vagina.
"I'm coming."
"Good girl."
I was aware of being observed as I climaxed, hold him in me as hard as I could.
"Okay?"
"Wonderful thank you."
He began again & I realised all the talk was just bravado, he really was a very good lover, well as far as I am concerned.
"I'm close."
"Good girl. Don't hold back."
"I won't."
This time I did wet & he knew.
"You pissed yourself?"
"Couldn't help it. Your fault!"
I buried my face in his neck.
He withdrew & looked down at the damp patch. It was much bigger than I expected.
"I should get a sponge?"
"Are you kidding? By the end of the night you will struggle to find a dry spot."
I smiled. He was probably right if the others are like me. I had a little tinkle with nearly all of them so far, he is number 9, 1 to go! Not counting Brett, of course, but he was going to get his when we get home.
I wasn't sure who was next but fortunately he did! Wayne. He was the second of the waxed, at last I had caught up with him & I took my time enjoying him, having a good play while he lay back & watched me, before going down on him. He was lovely, smooth a soft to handle. He didn't return the favour, just climbed on & I opened ready to take his all. He was the biggest tonight, or at least he felt like it & I loved it. I was ready in no time, whether it was his smooth appearance, size or what, I didn't know & didn't care.
"Nearly there."
"Are you?"
He sound genuinely surprised.
"Yes. You are a good fucker."
I had to add that, feeling 'Cocky' so to speak but it did give him a boost & her made a spurt which sailed me over the top into nirvana. I let him see what he had done. His self satisfied smirk was enough for me to know I had pleased him too. A second arrived to an equally delighted reception.
"You right?"
"Yes."
"Um ....."
"If you like."
"Do I need ....."
"No, just shoot in me. I like it like that!"
I lifted as high as & could & locked my legs behind his bum as he built up, pounding me.
"Yes! Yes! Oh God! Fuck me, just fuck me."
We were being observed as he drove it home, deeper than I had been tonight & I loved it.
"Close?"
"Yes."
"Shoot."
"Yes."
I felt his spasm as he filled me with his seed.
"Yes! Yes!"
It was as if I had save the best for last. There had only been a couple of duds, the rest showing their experience & expertise very well & Wayne was right up there with them. He collapsed in a heap on top of me, his 'Big Boy' quickly softening & leaving my body along with the flood. I held him as tight as I could, squeezing to show my appreciation.
"You okay?"
"Never better. That is the best cunt I have fucked for months & that is saying something."
So I am just a cunt? I didn't care, he had been a good cock too.
I wrapped up & headed down to the Social Area. It was late & they had started settling as if having done their nights work & were waiting to go home. I had to wipe Wayne's cum from the inside of my legs a couple of times & got understanding smiles. I was about to sit when he arrived.
"You okay?"
"Yes, if you want to."
I was on to seconds.
"Do you mind if I ....."
"No."
"Do I?"
"No, you're right."
We got into the room & there was no ceremony, no foreplay, none of the niceties of the first time, I spread, he climbed on, or in to be precise. It was all over in a couple on minutes. More to wipe away on my walk back. I didn't make it, steered into another bedroom for more of the same.
This time I didn't get the chance to stand up after.
"Mind?"
"No."
He lasted a bit longer, grunting & groaning before depositing his seed.
"Great cunt."
"I'm glad you liked it."
"You were great, great to fuck. I hope I get a crack at you again sometime."
I was getting a bit punch drunk now & their comments rolled off my back. I didn't make it up again.
"Ready?"
"I suppose."
"Good. Loved your cunt last time."
That was it! He was in & over in no time, so smug, even giving me a smack on the bum when I stood up.
"Great fuck."
I did bother replying. I did get back this time & had quite a lot to deal with before another appeared.
"Oh good, you are free at last."
I was all but dragged down & inseminated, the only way to descried it. It was as if I was a Sex Doll with a hole.
I sat in the Social Area, couldn't believe how much had been left inside me. The towel was definitely showing the signs of my recent encounters. The room had thinned out as they seemed to be drifting away. The Bedrooms hadn't been as busy as I made my way back & we had been the only ones in ours.
"That little cunt ready for a bit of cum?"
"Its already had some thank you."
It was Tim & I took it as a bit of fun.
"Is there room for one more?"
"Just one so you are in luck!"
We kissed & cuddle our way through. I was bent over, supporting myself on my hands as he penetrated from behind. He was in deep & while not the biggest I'd had tonight, the position gave him a distance advantage. He was holding my waist pulling me onto him. Suddenly I felt it.
"Please Tim."
He built up & I was hammered, my orgasm spreading out from my cervix deep inside. Somehow I managed to stay on my feet even though my knees had abandoned all responsibility for the rest of my body.
"Okay?"
"Yes."
His grip was hurting as he forced himself as far up me as our bodies would allow & then some. I'm certain it was transferred direct into my uterus. Done with me I was propelled forward into a heap.
"YES! Now that's what I call a fuck!"
He was like a warrior standing over his vanquished prey before offer a hand to drag me back up again, kissing me greedily.
"WHEW! You are one great fuck woman!"
His cum was running down the inside of my legs.
No one approached me when he got back. The gathering had certainly wound down by then. As I was let go to my chair my bum was smack.
"This has been a good night."
From out of nowhere Jeanette was at his side looking up adoringly. Brett was waiting for me.
"You okay?"
"Yes."
That was it, I was done. Luckily no one approached because they would have been sent packing. He held my hand smiling at me as if I had met or exceeded he expectations. I had to keep wiping away the escaping trickles, much to his delight.
"You coming."
Where? It was just the invitation to get dressed. The room was quiet another couple also dressing for home. Jeanette was humming smugly as if to take the credit for our attendance & seeming success amongst her friends. It had been a last minute thought, but I did grab a pair of panties just as we were about to walk out the door & had a leftover panty liner from my last period, both of which were definitely required. Tim look on smiling as if to take responsibility for them being required, although he could not assume that it was entirely his own.
"Ready?"
"Yes."
Jeanette & Tim were finished before & had made their way out to give us more room. We joined them by the front door where Pearl & Jerry were waiting.
"Thank for coming, you brightened up the evening."
"That's okay."
"Did you enjoy it, your first ever Party?"
"Mm!"
"First of many more we hope?"
"We'll have to see."
She kissed me deeply.
"I didn't get to know you better but Allison said you are great with girls."
My tits got felt up.
"I will have to make a point of it next time."
"Yes."
He put his hand up my dress for one last feel but fortunately the panty liner put him off so he satisfied himself with squeezing my bum.
"I must say you had a tidy little body & are great to fuck. I certainly enjoyed myself with you."
He was one of the also-rans. He was lucky to have got seconds & come in me, but then I was stuck there on the mattress & could really escape without making a scene. He'd had his chances as far as I was concerned & would get another go at me next time. If there is going to be a 'next time'.
It was after 2am & I just wanted Brett to take me home, but Jeanette had other ideas. We kissed for several minutes on the road side, other couples walked passed us saying goodnight as they were heading off while we were still locked in, Brett holding my hand the whole way through. She felt up my vagina, my liner not being a barrier for her but was too tired to respond. At last it was over.
"Goodnight."
"Goodnight."
We speed away.
"You alright?"
"Fine."
"How was you night?"
"Okay."
"I thought you must be, you didn't ask me to take you home."
I squeezed the top of his thigh.
"So how many did you get with?"
"All of them."
"ALL OF THEM?"
"And Rhonda, Jean, Sandy & Allison. I thought I might be a target, new face, or should I say vagina."
We laughed.
"There were 11 with us."
"That many?"
He knew.
"You said 6."
"That's what Tim said yesterday."
I let it go, it didn't really matter now, especially as I had faced the challenge & survived.
"Were you satisfied?"
"Yeah, pretty much. I climaxed with most of them, twice with Tim & very nearly with 3 more."
"Most of them?"
"I couldn't help it."
We laughed again.
"How about you? Better than your last Saturday night?"
He grinned confirming that I had worked it out that he & Jeanette hadn't exactly hit it off.
"It was better, yes."
"How many times did you climax?"
"Twice."
"That was good. But you had more?"
"7."
"Not Jeanette?"
"No, not Jeanette."
"She might take a bit of getting used to, that's all. Did you use a condom?"
"They said I didn't have to."
"I didn't insist with mine."
"How many?"
"6. I cleaned up a couple of times but will have a shower once we get in?"
"Bit of a mess?"
"No, I'm not too bad. I don't really like condoms even though I should insist, we don't know who they have been with, but I much prefer the feeling of them coming inside me then letting it run out again. I had 3 in a row, didn't even get off the mattress."
He looked shocked.
"Did you?"
"I didn't ask for this, remember, you got me into it, but now I am I intend to make the most of it. The only thing I ask is any trouble between us & we get out straight away. Promise?"
"Yes!"
It was a strong positive response which is a relief.
"Do you know what they did?"
"What?"
"Watched me going to the Toilet."
"They what?"
"I asked where it was & Bill said he would show me. No sooner had I got in there than 5 turned up."
"What happened?"
"They asked if they could watch & if would I open my legs for them to see."
"What did you do?"
"What do you think."
"Did you open your legs?"
"Course. And wiped myself in front of them too. Allison said they watch all of the women."
"Including Jeanette?"
"I suppose so, she didn't say."
I think he was more upset at missing out rather than what I had done.
"So you are still interested in her then?"
He look embarrassed as if I had caught him out, not that it worried me. Tim was good in bed so I didn't mind if he was keen on her.
It was too good an opportunity to miss.
"They like watching us masturbating too."
"Do they?"
It seems to take several seconds for what I had said to sink in.
"Do you?"
"Yes, of course I do. Not as much as I used to. And you do too so don't deny it."
He looked shame faced. We had never discussed masturbation before, but I was certain he did.
"Will you let them watch?"
He was fishing.
"If they want to."
"You have never let me."
Fishing again.
"You have never asked. Anyway, you have never let me either. Are you a regular?"
"Only occasionally."
"I don't mind you know."
"Don't you?"
"No. You can do it as often as you like. I might even join you. It would be nice doing it together, don't you think?"
He wasn't sure how to answer so that ended the conversation.
I opened wide for him while I was peeing. There was still a little from my party which he seemed fascinated as it dropped out. He kissed me & said he would wait in bed for me. When I got there he was asleep, probably just as well because my head had only just hit the pillow & I was out like a light. My bladder woke me up & I though I had better so shook him & dragged him along. Once we got back he was at attention & we has a wonderful dawn breaker in spite of feeling a bit still & sore. We had come together again & Jeanette was right, it was more exciting & fulfilling, my fears of there being something between us were unfounded.
Another shower & I joined him in the buff for breakfast.
"I overheard Tim talking to Rob last night."
A look of concern came over his face & he certainly seemed worried.
"Seems you have some pictures of me, naked?"
His mind was racing, I could see it, trying to think something up, a denial or maybe a long winded explanation & then a calm came over him. He picked up his phone & passed it over. His phone? He had let me go through it hundreds of times looking for various things but I had never seen any nude pictures of me but there they were, 2 files, "R" & "T J", right under my nose but I hadn't taken any notice of them before.
"What's the password?"
"Rose."
"You could have come up with something better than that!"
There were dozens going right back to when we first met & I had no idea any had been taken but recognised where many were. There were lots of the wedding & Honeymoon behind the scene, how he got them I will never know. There were lots of me going to the Toilet, getting in & out of the shower & drying myself that I never knew. There were more getting dressed & undressed. Then there were the ones of me sleeping. I often sleep in the buff when it is warm & can remember waking with no sheet over me but thought nothing of it. These were the ones that had the close ups between my legs. But what surprised me most of all were the ones looking down my front when I was braless. He seems to be obsessed with me without a bra & every one showed at least one of my nipples.
I clicked on the other file.
"T J?"
"Same."
They were obviously the pick as far as he was concerned, the most revealing ones & some video, a long one of me sleeping, zooming in between my legs focusing on my vagina, getting in & out of the shower & one of me masturbating. So much for never having seen me! I remembered it, one Sunday afternoon not long after we got married, he had gone to visit his Mum & I had the flat to myself, so I thought. There were 2 angles so 2 cameras & had been edited to show the best views I imagined. I left the sound turn up knowing he could hear me climaxing.
"I thought you said you have never seen me masturbating."
He blushed.
"Did you enjoy watching?"
"Mm!"
"Do you watch it very often?"
"Yes."
"Are there any more videos?"
"Some."
"But these are the best, the most explicit ones?"
"Yes."
"Tim & Jeanette have seen these?"
"Yes."
"Who else?"
He looked terrible, so guilty.
"Jack & Sam?"
His knockabouts, Best Man & Bride Groom.
"Yes."
"Any more?"
"One or 2 but you don't know them & I haven't seen them for ages."
Other prospects no doubt.
"I want them taken off you phone straight away & given a much safer password."
"I don't have to delete them?"
"That is up to you."
There was a brief flash of a smile before looking solemn again.
"You have had this idea about swapping me for other women for quite a while, have you?"
He didn't respond.
"What started it?"
He stared into space for a long time. I wasn't going to rush him or nag, he had to come out with it in his on way & his own time.
"It was before I met you."
"So you have known this ever since you have known me, married me without letting on what you had in mind for me, to be exchanged."
"No!"
"Then how was it?"
He was squirming but I wasn't going to let him get away. Finally he realised that & decided to come clean.
"We went away for the weekend."
He had often done that with Jack & Sam since we had been together, Boytime & I had encouraged it.
"We were at the pub & there were these 3 girls & I don't know, one thing led to another & we ended up in their flat & it was a free for all."
"You fucked them?"
"Yes."
"All 3 of them?"
"Yes."
"In front of each other?"
"Together, yes."
"Side by side like Jeanette & me?"
There was a long pause.
"Yes."
"And you never thought to discuss it with me, let me know what I was getting myself into?"
He let out a huge sigh.
"You have been trying to get something going with other couples, haven't you?"
"Yes."
"Jack & Anne?"
"Yes."
"And?"
"She won't have a bar of it."
"Have seen her naked?"
"Yes."
"Does she know?"
"No."
"What about Sam & Maxine?"
"He won't. He wants to be faithful to her."
"What about her?"
"She might."
"Have you seen her naked?"
"Yes?"
"Masturbating?"
"No, only Anne. Jack has a few of her."
"And they have both seen me?"
Another huge sign.
"What makes you think Maxine might?"
"Well she lets others feel her, even since she has been with Jack."
"Including you."
That look! I had been fishing & caught him out. He was silent.
"It's alright, you can tell me the truth, I will get to it out of you sooner or later."
Another sigh.
"Yes."
"While we have been married?"
He didn't have to reply.
"You felt up Jeanette before they came to Dinner, didn't you?"
He was defeated.
"You had a feel of her at the Office Party, didn't you?"
His head dropped.
"While Tim had me bailed up?"
No answer.
"There were other times too, weren't there?"
"Tim said ........."
"He was their while you were feeling her, watching, wasn't he, while you had your fingers buried in her vagina?"
I was having a huge amount of success, pure supposition, but spot on. A pattern was forming in my mind of the kind of man my husband is.
"There has been others since we have been married too, all in aid of getting me into your sex games."
He had nothing to add.
"Have you had sex with other women while we have been married?"
"No!"
He came back very firmly & decisively.
"It's alright, I believe you."
Somehow it didn't surprise me he had play around a bit, taken opportunities for a fumble, but would have taken the risk to go all the way. That's why he is so keen to get me directly involved, than he can play to his hearts delight without having to look over his shoulder.
"Tim said you told him you thought I was up for it. What made you think that?"
"Well I was right!"
An opportunity to retaliate not missed!
"So who started all of this?"
"Me."
"Not me?"
"No."
"Did I ever talk about it?"
"No."
"Did I ever give you any hint I wanted to have sex with other men?"
"No."
He was getting resigned again.
"So what made you say that to him?"
He shrugged.
"I don't know. What you were like before I met you."
"You thought I would be easy."
"No, not easy exactly. Willing for anything that came along maybe."
"Up for it?"
He didn't have to reply.
"Is that why you married me?"
"Partly."
That put me on the back foot. I had expected a vehement denial but my past was catching up with me. It took a while to regain my composure.
"Is that important to you, that I have been with a number of different men?"
"Yes."
That floored me completely.
"Did you expected me to be unfaithful to you after we were married?"
"Not expect, but it wouldn't have surprised me."
"What if I had only been playing the field, getting it out of my system so when I married I would remain true to you?"
"But you love sex & are so good at it."
"Or just willing?"
"Both."
"Do you like seeing me getting fucked by other men."
He was looking down.
"Well?"
"I don't mind."
"But do you like it? Do you get a thrill seeing me."
There was a long pause.
"Yes or no?"
I wasn't about to let him get away with it.
"Yes."
"Do you want to see me again?"
"Yes."
"More than once?"
Another pause.
"Yes."
He was quiet for several moments.
"You don't mind, do you?"
"I just want to know where I stand with you, that's all."
"I'm sorry I took photos of you behind your back."
He was trying to find some way of appeasing me.
"That's alright. I still can't work out how you managed it, I never suspected a thing."
"I use spy cameras."
"Do you?"
"Yes. They are so small you would never know what they are."
"But the pictures are so clear & sharp."
"I only use the good ones."
"Expensive?"
"They're not cheap. I use my own money."
I knew he got bonuses regularly but we are not hard up so I never enquired what he spent them on.
"Have you got many?"
"A few."
"Lend them to Jack & Sam?"
He was quiet.
"You are not angry with me for showing them round are you?"
"So long as it was only the ones you have told me about?"
"Yes."
"No one else has any copies, just seen them?"
"Yes."
"Promise."
"Promise. I have only ever shown them."
He was quiet.
"I guess I can understand you showing Tim & Jeanette."
"She loved you."
I bet she did.
"I'm not happy about Jack & Sam seeing me, but at least you have seen Maxine & Anne?"
"Yes."
"You have seen everything they have got?"
"Yes, everything."
"In between their legs, like the ones of me?"
"Yes."
"Okay then."
"What about the videos, have they seen the videos?"
"Yes."
"The one of me masturbating?"
"Yes."
"And you have seen the ones of Anne, right?"
"Yes."
"Do they know the have been filmed?"
"No."
"Who were the others?"
"Just a couple of people I got to know."
"Who you were intending to swap me with?"
"Yes."
"How many?"
"4."
"You have been looking, haven't you?"
He had the good grace to look shamefaced.
"How come they didn't want to swap? Wasn't I good enough for them?"
"Yes you were. They loved you & couldn't wait."
"So?"
"I just had to ask you but Chickened out & couldn't go through with it."
"Is that all?"
"I have posted them on a couple of sites."
"The Internet?"
"Yes. Pictures of your Wife."
"I see."
"The video of you masturbating ............ "
"You posted that too?"
"Yes."
"I see."
"It has had over a million hits & regularly comes up in the "Most Downloaded" category."
"Has it?"
"Yes."
"Me?"
"Yes."
"So I'm famous?"
"Yes."
I thought for a long time.
"In future, if you want photos of me just ask & I will pose for you. Those ones look as though they were taken without my permission."
His mouth had dropped open.
"The ones you have of me showering & masturbating are not very good either."
I gave him a cheeky grin & got one back.
"I want to know who sees what in the future, before hand & where it all ends up. Agreed?"
"Agreed."
"Is there anything else you need to tell me?"
"Um."
"Yes?"
"Now that you have mentioned it, can I watch you on the Toilet?"
"You have always been able to watch me, I have never closed the door. Or my legs if it comes to that."
"I know. I didn't want you to think I was weird."
"Watching me peeing? Why should I think you are weird?"
"I don't know. I just thought."
"Only peeing. I would like privacy the rest of the time. Agreed?"
"Agreed. How will I know?"
"When the door is open."
He wanted something else.
"Would it be alright while you are having your Period?"
"Yes, that's fine. I might even change my Tampon for you."
"Would you?"
"If you want me to?"
That bought a big smile to his face.
"I need to pee now if you would like to come & watch?"
"Can I?"
"Yes."
As soon as we got in the door he was there, right behind me as I walked down to the bathroom. I was looking forward to it already. I took my time getting ready, sitting in a way that he would get the best view. It seemed funny that the simplest, most basic, but private thing I do could give so much enjoyment. The smile on his face made it all worth while. After watching me wiping thoroughly, he thanked me over & over & I got a great big loving kiss while I was sitting there. I wanted to please, let him know I was not holding any malice for what had gone on & that he was forgiven. He held my hand as we walked back to the dining room like a little boy. It was really sweet! I love when he is like this, it gives me stirrings in my vagina. I'm not sure if it is the maternal instinct coming out. I let him lift me up onto the table where he fucked me again.