In the last chapter I mentioned Mary discovered gang-bangs. She enjoyed it a great deal. I thought it was fun, but I wasn't interested in a repeat. Mary pointed out we weren't counting pricks and pussies, and what counted was both of us being sexually satisfied. After we discussed it Mary arranged to have a couple of her friends fuck my brains out while we watched Mary get trained. That worked well for me so Mary did get to be the guest of honor at several more gang-bangs.
A fun event which happened a few months after Mary's first gang-bang was that I found a couple with a bisexual woman who was interested in giving Mary a massage as a surprise gift. It was arranged to probably include sex between us all, even though they only saw Mary in pictures.
I took Mary to a hotel, and the couple arrived. Anna and Mark. I called it a birthday present for Mary. They were going to give Mary a four hands massage. We stripped Mary naked and laid her on the massage table. The couple started off on Mary's back. They did a great job on the massage. I think they must have had training.
As they worked their way, in concert, up her legs they didn't hesitate to slide their fingers between her legs and up the cleft of her butt. Mary spread her legs. Anna slid an oily fingertip into Mary's anus.
Mary doesn't like anal sex. I've fucked her up the butt a few times so we know what it's like, and Mary doesn't like it. But Mary didn't complain about the finger stroking in and out of her butthole.
Mark was stroking a finger in and out of Mary's wet little vagina. Then they moved on and were massaging her ass cheeks and her back. Up and onward. One was on one side, the other on the other side of Mary. They wore skimpy leotard type things and leaned against Mary as they massaged her.
Before long they asked Mary to turn over. They helped Mary as she rolled over and shifted on the narrow table. There was a hand in Mary's crotch and one on Mary's tit. Mary settled down and the massage continued. They worked downward from the top.
Mary was watching Anna as the massage progressed. Then Mary reached up and began massaging Anna's tits. Anna leaned down into Mary's hands. Mary reached up and worked on sliding the leotard off Anna's shoulders. With some help from Anna Mary soon had Anna naked. Mary went back to massaging Anna's tits.
Anna stepped up and leaned down farther. Mary began sucking on Anna's nipple. Anna was squeezing Mary's tiny titties. Mark was massaging Mary's pussy. He soon had one finger sliding into Mary's vagina while his other hand was massaging Mary's clitoris.
Anna was alternating which breast she was offering to Mary. I undressed and stepped up behind Anna. I began massaging her bottom and then reached around her to massage her clitty. Mary had Anna's tits covered.
Mary's legs were spread, and her legs were hanging off the table, as her pussy was being massaged. I could hear the squelching of her pussy as Mark slipped his fingers in and out of Mary.
Anna leaned down farther and kissed Mary. They kissed for a long time. When they broke the kiss Anna suggested they move to the bed. Mary moaned and nodded her head. Anna and Mark helped Mary off the table and over to the bed, with their hands rubbing her in sexy places as she stumbled the few feet to the bed.
As Mary collapsed on the bed Anna laid down next to her with her crotch just inches from Mary's head. Mary turned and grabbed Anna's butt. Mary pulled her head into Anna's pussy and began sucking hard on Anna's clitty.
Mark got between Mary's legs and began eating Mary out. Mary lurched and moaned loudly as she convulsed. Then Mary jerked again and again as Mark continued to suck hard on Mary's little clitoris. As soon as she relaxed a few seconds she dove back into Anna's pussy.
I decided I wanted to be more involved. I pulled Anna's butt away from Mary. Anna looked back at me and smiled. She slid her knees to the floor and spread her legs. I got on my knees on the floor and slid my hard cock into Anna.
Mark climbed up over Mary and slid his hard prick into Mary just after I started fucking Anna. Anna was kissing Mary, and playing with Mary's tits.
Mary writhed and moaned, and I could see her toes curling and flexing. Her body was undulating as she gasped loudly, "Fuck me! Oh God! Fuck me!" She pushed up hard and keened loudly again. "Oh God! Oh God! Oh God!" I erupted into Anna.
Then Mary began to relax. Anna climbed up on the bed and straddled Mary's head. My come and Anna's juices dripped down onto Mary's face. Mary stretched up and began sucking on Anna's pussy.
Mark came in Mary and slid off to the side while Mary continued to eat Anna. Soon though Mary let her head fall back down. She said her neck was tired.
Anna got up and took Mary by the hand and they went off to the bathroom. They spent several minutes in the bathroom, and when they came back they got on the bed in a sixty-nine on their sides and they both ate each other to some really rocking orgasms.
Later Mary told me when the girls had gone to the bathroom the girls peed, and then Anna washed Mary's pussy. Mary told me that Anna thought it was sexy that Mary wanted to suck come out of a girl, but Anna didn't want to do that.
We were not successful in finding a bisexual woman who wanted to participate in a gang-bang with Mary. Finding bisexual women was difficult in those days. Homosexual acts were still illegal and considered a sickness in the early seventies. We found several bisexual women, but none who seemed to be as wild as Mary. Or willing to come out of the closet at that time.
We stopped swinging soon after the AIDS scare came around. Mary kept track of what porn stars died of AIDS. She would have loved to have fucked and sucked them all, except for the diseases. We felt we had already taken too many risks, so we stopped playing except with friends. I am still surprised we did not pick up any diseases along the way.
These 6 chapters were written when Mary wanted to let a friend know in a new and creative way she is bisexual. Mary's friend hasn't told us we are too weird and to get away from her, so there is still hope she may jump into bed with us.
Now Mary often says why bother with reality. She'll stick to fantasies because reality never lives up to the fantasies anyway.
At one point some years after we stopped swinging Mary mentioned that in an ideal world, where there were no disease or jealousy or legal issues or such to worry about, she would have a job where strangers would fuck her and she would suck pricks and pussies for a living.
She teases me about it, asking if I would be jealous of my little petite wife being a whore, fucking and sucking every day at work for hours, moaning and groaning in ecstasy as she writhed in orgasm after orgasm. She promised it would make her a better fuck toy at home! Mary said she would never get tired of sex.
It's a fantasy she gets off on often.
Mary has a lot of fantasies. Since we stopped swinging I have taken up writing up her fantasies for her.
My petite little whore is a great fuck toy.