Friday came and like most people at my office I opted to work from home rather than brave the traffic jams created by weekend vacationers. I put together my camera equipment and bought extra memory cards and charged up extra batteries. I had never shot with a model before and looked up a few tips and tricks to help us out. I showed up just after four. Scott and Jo welcomed me into the house. Maggie had to sniff all of the bags I'd brought in with me. We sat and chatted for a bit going over what Jo and I would try to capture over the evening as Scott waited for one of his poker buddies to pick him up.
"Do you need a ride?" I hadn't thought if he was able to drive or not these days. I remembered him tossing me the keys on Wednesday.
"Nah, Alan lives further out and he said he'd stop and pick me up."
"I was thinking something light to eat then off to the studio." Jo said with a grin. She turned to Scott. "You take it easy on the spicy stuff, remember what happened last time you went crazy with the hot wings." She reached over and brushed his cheek with her thumb.
"Yes dear." He sighed and looked at me. "She can't even let me enjoy my last few months."
"I'd rather not have to deal to the fall out all night long." She added quickly waving her hand in the air. We all laughed and Scott nodded in agreement. A soft tone rang out and I recognized the driveway alarm.
"I'll go meet him at the door if you want to stay in here. Fewer questions that way." He stood and patted his pockets to make sure he had his stash. He took his phone off its charger and kissed Jo. She followed him to the door. I overheard her state that if they started drinking they were to stay put or call her to come get them. Her tone brooked no argument from either of them. Scott told her that he'd call her to let her know either way. The noise subsided but Jo hadn't returned to the kitchen yet. I went to the foyer to see her standing at the sidelight window staring at the tail lights of the car as it braked at the end of the driveway. She flipped the lock but didn't turn around right away.
"I understand if you don't want to do this tonight." I said softly. She turned and gave me a smile leaning back against the door, her hands behind her back.
"Getting cold feet Bobby? You've already seen me naked, it's not as if I have anything left to hide."
I smiled. "That's not it and you know it. If you still want to go through with this then upstairs and get naked, put on something loose like a robe or an over-sized shirt then come back down and we'll have something to eat."
"You want me to get naked now but don't want to watch?" Her smile widened.
"I don't want any red marks from elastics and such. They can take thirty minutes or more to disappear. Your skin is too fine and I want to get it right."
She nodded at the reasoning and grinned like an imp. "Are you sure you don't want to watch?"
I busted out laughing. "I'm going to be watching you in various states of naked for the rest of the evening. The least I can do is make it through dinner before my mouth is left hanging open for the rest of the night."
"You say the sweetest things." She took a step away from the door and started disrobing in the foyer. "I've never met a photographer that didn't like to watch. They are the ultimate voyeurs." The first shirt was off and tossed onto the stairs, the tank top beneath it was coming off quickly as did the bra. I watched her strip and noticed she wasn't trying to be overtly seductive about it but it was still having that effect on me. She pushed the yoga pants off, her panties dropping with them, she stepped out of them and stood up smiling and naked. "There. Your wish is my command."
I sighed and shook my head, unable to wipe the smile off my face. "I didn't realize how hard this was going to be."
"Luckily for you, I like it hard. Would you be a dear and fill that pot on the stove half way with water and set it to boil and I'll be right back."
She got to the banister and I stopped her. "Do me a favor and raise your foot up and show me the sole." They were a little dirty but not bad. I attributed that to Maggie messing up the floors with her dirty paws. "Wash the soles please and put on slippers or thick socks before you come down. One of my pet peeves, on some of the sites I reviewed, was models photographed with dirty feet. How the photographers didn't notice that in their final shots I don't know."
"They were looking at the model's tits and ass, that's why." She said with a laugh as she gathered her clothes and went upstairs. I did as she asked and got the water started and saw what she had planned.
She came back down in a long soft robe and began gathering the dinner ingredients. I insisted on helping her when I saw her pushing up the sleeves of her robe repeatedly to keep them away from the burners on the stove. "Photographer and chef, this is too much to hope for." She sat at the table with a smile. The robe slipped open showing off a long smooth leg.
"Don't distract me, I'm likely to lop off my shutter finger."
"Be careful." She stood. "How's this for an outfit?" She opened the robe and put her hands on her hips giving them a little tilt. She was stunning.
I stood there with my mouth hanging open just a moment too long and the water boiled over making a hissing noise as it hit the burner. I turned to the pot and lifted the lid to release the steam. "Steaming hot, I couldn't agree more." I heard a giggle as she retied the robe and sat down. We ate and discussed what she wanted to do for the pictures. She wanted to keep it classy. "Top shelf, like Playboy not something you'd have to hide under the counter." Her laugh was adorable and infectious and soon she had me laughing too. She seemed more at ease about this than I felt and I hoped that it would translate to the final images.
She leaned back and patted her stomach. "Maybe I should have skipped dinner." She puffed out her cheeks causing me to laugh.
"Yeah, I'm sure that a little pesto is going to blow you up like a balloon." I gathered the plates and gave them a rinse before we headed upstairs.
"Come down to my room, I want to see what you like for starters."
"Said the spider to the fly." I added, which made her laugh. She had several different lingerie sets laid out on their king sized bed.
"Take a look, choose something and I'll try it on. Let me go freshen up the face and cover the damage."
"Damage?"
She slipped off the robe and tossed it across the end of the bed. "Freckles, shiny spots and such. I haven't had to blend for a naked shoot in a long time. I'll have to be careful my face isn't a different color than the rest of me." She winked and went into the bath leaving the door open. "My shoes are in the closet on the left if you see something you think will work better with heels.
I looked over the choices she'd made and began to picture how she would look in each. There were a few very bright colors, and many dark, one of which caught my eye, a bra and panty set in navy blue lace.
"What do you think?" She padded back into the bedroom in only her slippers and smile.
"You have a mind boggling amount of lingerie."
"You have no idea, that's just the nice stuff. I haven't dug into the naughty drawer yet."
I reached for the blue set. "This caught my eye."
"Nice selection." She grinned as she took the bra and wrapped it around her torso. "Shoes?"
"I hadn't even gotten that far." I cleared my throat as I watched her put the bra on, sliding the straps over her shoulders. Her smile brightened.
"You're supposed to get horny watching me take it off."
"Soon enough." I said with a little laugh and we can skip shoes since you're going to be on the bed. I watched her slip the panties up her thighs and nestle them between her legs. She gave them a tug and adjusted them front and back. She turned on her heel.
"How does my ass look? Be honest."
I looked at it for a moment and looked up at her face. She had an anxious look as she waited for an answer.
I thought and a smile spread across my face as I responded. "Like dessert." Her concern faded and her expression changed to a fetching smile
"If I pull the sheers across the windows that should keep you from getting any reflections from the lights. I'd like a few standing in front of the window seat, maybe a few on the seat too." She walked into the closet and came back wearing a pair of blue velvet pumps and stopped just outside the door and struck a pose. "Do I clean up okay?"
"How long would it take an ambulance to get out here, in case I faint."
Her smile widened and she walked up to me and kissed me lightly on the lips. "Flattery will get you everywhere." She whispered into my ear as she walked out of the bedroom and down the hall, beckoning me with a single finger curl. I followed like a puppy as we entered the guest bedroom. She unplugged her laptop and rolled the cart into the hallway.
"These work great for video but I'm not sure how they'll work for stills. When I'm on camera I usually have one above my eyes and on full power the other just below on the other side on half to kill the shadows." I flipped the switch and both of the bedside lamps came on as well giving a golden hue to the lighting. I set my bag on the end of the bed and started pulling out my gear and putting the lens on the body. I inserted a card and checked the batteries. She pulled the other light over and kept it low before stepping towards the window bay. "I'm all yours." I looked up as she held her hands out to show off her body and placed them gently on her hips.
"I should be so lucky." A mix of guilt and excitement ran through me as I realized that she very well could end up mine. I brought the camera up to my face and framed her, I would need to back out a bit to get her entire figure in the shot. I swapped lenses and walked up closer to her to meter and backed up and got a full body shot. She was surprised by the first click of the shutter and immediately went into work mode after hearing it. She posed and turned, giving me multiple looks and expressions. She shrugged the strap of her bra onto her arm, then the other and slipped them off and wrapped her wrists with them as if her hands were bound to her sides. She looked to the side, her mouth opened slightly as her eyes closed. At first I reviewed every single shot and she smiled and told me to just keep shooting and not to worry, we could edit out the bloopers later. She untangled her wrists and reached behind her with both hands. I could see the tension on the bra increase then loosen. She held it in place with her hands and gave me the wickedest smile then bit her lip and held it out just to the side dangling from a finger tip. I kept clicking away as she then pulled it like a sling shot aimed right at the camera and actually flung it at me.
There was a leather easy chair in the bedroom just off to the side and I held up a finger and dragged it closer to the window. She stood and leaned against the wing, her arm across the back of it, her breasts were fantastic and the natural tilt of her hips was gorgeous. She mounted the chair and bent over the back of it and pulled one of the window sheers to the side as if she were looking out the window. Her rear pointing straight at me and I nearly fainted at the sight of her. I walked up to her and straightened the fabric of her panties and she whipped around to look.
"Sorry. The seam was crooked." I said swallowing hard. She looked down and gave them a tug here and there to straighten them out and smiled at me.
"Don't be sorry. I don't mind." As if to prove herself she reached out and took my free hand and placed it on her ass. "Does it feel like dessert?"
"Tease." I said giving her a squeeze and gentle slap. Her grin was proof enough that it was her intent from the moment we were alone.
"Toss me that dark red throw pillow from the bed." She propped it into the corner of the chair and spun around and sat back, both legs over the arm of the chair as she cupped her breasts. She gave me a few side long looks and I caught them as she reached beneath her ass and wrestled the panties free in the confines of the chair. She had them half way up her thighs and she pointed one toe straight up as she pushed them up to her knees. A look to see if I was watching and then she wrangled one leg out and hung them off the tip of her shoe and dangled it over the arm of the chair. She reached down after a few shots and with a huge smile flung the panties at me too.
"So that's what it feels like to be a rock star."
"Damn I was hoping for a ringer." She added with a laugh.
"Huh?"
She just pointed at the crotch of my jeans. I looked down and realized the evidence was very clear that I was enjoying every minute of this shoot too. "Sorry, it never happens when I take pictures of monuments and scenery." I laughed. She turned and fluffed up the pillow. She looked up at me with both feet on the floor and spread her stance giving me a clear view between her thighs. She tilted her head back and combed her fingers through her hair for a minute then leaned forward placing her elbows on her knees and chin on her fists. She then leaned back and crossed her legs and set an elbow on the arm of the chair. I stepped forward and flipped her shoe off her heel so it dangled from her toes and she smiled. I snapped a few final photos and she stood up and kicked off her other shoe and picked them and her lingerie up. She walked right up to me, reached out and rubbed my cock through my jeans.
"I was thinking of maybe the pink, on the bed next." Her voice was rough and sexy as she whispered.
"You too?" I gasped as she didn't hesitate to show her appreciation for the vote of confidence in my pants. She giggled, reached out and ran her hand up the front of my jeans again before she went down the hall.
"If you need space you can download those to my laptop here in the hall."
"I will when we're done. I have plenty of room yet." I called out as I turned the lights towards the bed and rearranged the cables to not trip over them.
"Bobby? Would you come in here a minute?" I set my camera down and walked down the hall. The sight that welcomed me stopped me in my tracks. Jo was laying across the end of the bed knees up and her hand buried between her legs moving a mile a minute. "Come here and get those pants off."
I stood there mouth open for a long moment before my feet walked their way over to her. She reached out dragging at my belt giving me a shake. "If I got that horny being in front of the camera and you got this horny behind it." She rubbed her thumb up the front of my jeans then reached beneath and stroked my balls through the denim. "Then you need some relief too."
"What about."
"I want you to paint my throat like you did the other day at the airport." She smiled then licked her lips. That was all I needed to hear as I removed her hand and undid the buckle and dropped my jeans, my cock reaching out for her as she grasped for it and pulled me towards her mouth. The angle was bad but she licked and mouthed at the tip of my cock as she rubbed herself, her hips rising off the bed. "I saw you lick your lips when I spread my legs Bobby. I nearly came right then."
"I'm not going to lie. I wanted to lick your lips and not mine."
She released her grip on my cock. "I was hoping you'd say that." She pushed at my leg to move me around to the side of the bed where her legs were spread wide. I looked down at her pouting lips, wet and pink. "Aww don't tease me now. Get down there." She reached out towards me and I knelt between her legs. They shot out and wrapped around my head drawing me into her and I went willingly. The feel of her soft skin on my cheek, the gasp as my tongue delved into her only fueled my craving for her. I tried to go slowly savoring her but she wasn't having it and she began raising her hips and directing me firmly with both hands in my hair. She began bucking her hips fucking herself with my tongue until she moaned loudly, her whole body went rigid as I lapped at her clit. She eventually relaxed, collapsing in a breathless heap. After she caught her breath she relaxed her grip on my hair and pulled me up her body, I took my time and kissed her the entire way. She dove into my mouth tasting herself on my tongue.
I woke when the phone on the nightstand rang. I had a momentary panic at the unfamiliar surroundings and came to my senses on the third ring. The naked body slithering over me to get to the phone assisted with the recognition.
"Hello?"
I reached out and ran my hand up her firm ass and stopped in a cold sweat.
"Hi hon. Yea, we just finished with one outfit in the window and I'm changing into that little pink number you like and we're going to get in bed."
I could feel myself getting dizzy from holding my breath as she spoke.
"You said you didn't want to hear about it." She paused.
"This is how I'm going to die." I thought. Scott was going to come home and shoot me dead for fucking Jo.
"No we didn't, but we... I got a little worked up." She added in a coy voice. Jo turned to face me with a huge grin. "He's pretty talented for a guy that doesn't get any regularly. He said my ass looked like dessert, so I may hold him to that." She added with a laugh.
I looked at her in horror and she rolled her eyes.
"He looks scared as hell right now like you're outside with a gun or something." I just nodded. "Hang on." She pressed a button and set the phone on my chest and scrambled around putting her head just below it on my stomach. "You're on speaker."
"Listen champ. I told you she makes the rules. Don't hurt her or you'll be in the plot next to me, that's my only rule. She told you it was her limitation and if she wants to keep it in the agreement then fine, if she changes her mind, that's fine too." Jo's mouth was on my cock, and amazingly enough it was coming back to life. She moaned out loud and made a wet sucking noise as she let it drop from her mouth. "Sounds like she's enjoying it. Listen I haven't got long here since George is about to let us gang bang his finest bottle of scotch. He assured me that it's over eighteen years old." He laughed. "The truth is that Jo hasn't gotten good and properly fucked in months thanks to my medications. She does like that glass knobby number in the top drawer of the nightstand though. I can make her hum Yankee Doodle with it if I work her up right. Enjoy each other, respect her and I'm probably not going to make it back tonight since that bottle looks full and it won't be when we're done with it."
"I don't know what to say." I gasped as she took me into her mouth again.
"Well the least you could say is thank you." Scott let out a little laugh, Jo giggled as well and I felt it. "Enjoy her for me since I can't any more. I need to get back in there and lie to them about how my wife was nagging me on the phone. Love you guys."
Jo lifted her head. "Goodnight sweetheart, I love you."
I felt my head fall back on the pillow. "Thank you. I love you man." The phone went dead and Jo returned it to the cradle. She reached into the drawer and pulled out a velvet pouch, slipped a knobby glass dildo out of the sleeve and laid it on the velvet.
"I'm not sure I'm going to survive this arrangement." I gasped.
"Oh I hope you do. I like this." She grasped my cock giving it a few slow strokes. "I can't wait until I give you the go-ahead to throw me down and fuck me with it. I know I'm only revving the engine right now. When that day comes, you'd best be ready to go." She laughed. "That said if I don't get off of you and clean up we're not going to get the pink outfit shot tonight." She got up and stopped part of the way to the bathroom and lifted a leg sideways. "Damn that's sticky." She looked over her shoulder and smiled. "It's all over your face too." I followed her into the bathroom.
She washed up quickly and tossed me a washcloth and sat at a wide vanity. "Brute, look what you did to my hair and my face." She couldn't wipe the smile off her face as she said it.
"Glad to be of service."
She brushed her hair back with her fingers and took up a wipe and began removing her makeup. "Smokey eye went well with the darker outfit but I think I need something a little lighter for the pink." She wiped and rubbed to get it all off. She looked up at me and turned back to the table and began applying makeup. She went very lightly this time unlike before where her statement had been bold, this time it was going to be light and nearly invisible and I watched with fascination. She looked up and smiled at me and went back to her task. What she ended up with was nearly invisible to her natural look. She chose a pink satin lip gloss to finish it off.
"This one should be easy to get off your cock later." She blew me a kiss in the mirror. My cock jerked in response and she laughed. She turned on her chair and pet it. "Don't worry as soon as your rested I'll take you out to play again." She leaned forward and gave it a little kiss and shooed me out of the room. "At least put your jeans on so I can concentrate." She slapped my ass with a loud crack and turned down the hallway with the pink outfit dangling from her fingers. I followed along after pulling on my jeans and nothing else.
We did a full shoot on the bed, she pulled back the comforter and played peak-a-boo naked under the sheets for a few shots. She posed as if sleeping with the sheets in various states of disarray around her. She rolled over on her stomach and lifted her ass up a bit and I nearly busted the zipper on my jeans. I got down low and she began crawling towards me on all fours with a huge grin on her face, her hair swept over one shoulder. I moved the camera aside and watched her since she was too close to focus on properly.
"You know, it's supposed to be nice tomorrow. Maybe we could go out to the pool and do some bikini shots, and some out of bikini shots." She lingered inches from my face. I swallowed and opened my mouth to respond and she leaned forward and slipped her tongue into my mouth. If I were any less human, and more flammable, immolation would have happened and I'd soon be a pile of ashes on the floor. That was the level of heat she poured into it. A high pitched whine from the doorway broke our kiss. Jo laughed.
"Sorry Maggie. I need to let her out real quick." She gave me a quick peck and rolled out of the bed and padded down the hall. I buried my head in the comforter and tried to calm my breathing. I crawled up onto the bed and laid back, my mind racing about everything that had happened. I could hear the jingling of Maggie's dog tags way upstairs as they came back into the house. Jo padded back into the room with a bowl in her hand, Maggie following behind her, intent on the bowl.
"You just got a treat, this one is for Bobby and I." She sat on the edge of the bed and crossed her legs. The robe slid away showing off her legs. I sighed as I reached out and traced my finger gently up the inside of her thigh. She turned and set the bowl on my stomach causing me to gasp from the cold. She retrieved the bowl and served up a spoonful to me. The tang of orange and sweet vanilla melted on my tongue. "I meant to ask you when we're leaving for Montreal and where we're staying."
"There's a flight from Nashville that's going to touchdown here Wednesday before going the rest of the way to Montreal. It's being ferried for a maintenance overhaul but the pilot's stopping over here to pick us up on his way. It was originally going to Dallas but they're backed up because Wichita is close down for a facility retool."
She looked surprised. "They're stopping just for us?"
I laughed. "This plane is owned by a Nashville record company and is going for a regular check up. I'm sure there have been a few small but potent parties on board. It's scheduled for a refit while it's there too. New upholstery, carpet, that sort of thing. Don't worry they can afford it."
"No I mean they're going out of their way to pick us up?"
"It's not uncommon for them to post empty seats online through a service on positioning flights." Confusion showed as she licked the back of the spoon. "If a plane has to be moved from one airport to another, usually empty, so that it can be used for a different trip it's called positioning." I gestured in the air above me, mimicking the movement of planes between airports. "If the seats are available they will often list them with a service. It's how a lot of executives move around without having to book commercial flights. People have to be more flexible and sometimes they end up with an entirely empty private jet to themselves. Just like it's not uncommon for large companies with mid-sized or large corporate jets to make spare seats available for flights. If they can charge a few hundred bucks for a seat to where ever when they were going anyway and getting nothing for the empty seat then they cut their costs. The average Joe then gets a nice business class seat, usually with free drinks and a meal." She had interspersed my explanation with spoonfuls of ice cream. "When the plant returns the plane that will be called ferrying it back to its home airport. The company I work for doesn't just sell planes, we also manage them for the buyers as well. Kind of like a lease car we keep track of maintenance, mileage and general condition. We broker resales as well."
She licked the last of the ice cream off the spoon and set the bowl aside. She had to scold Maggie for sniffing around the edge.
"Will we be staying at the airport?"
"That's where the factory is located, right at Pierre Trudeau airport. I booked rooms at the Dorval Suites there. It's the best and since I'm not paying for it I like the best."
Her eyebrows rose. "Rooms? How many do we need?"
"Well at the time I thought." I paused unsure what to say and looked aside.
"Well you know better now. Call them in the morning and change the two rooms to one. Get one of those executive suites with an office desk if you can. I have an idea for some pictures." She gave me a wink and stood up and took the bowl. "You want anything from downstairs before I close up shop?"
"Just some water please."
I washed up before padding back out to the bedroom to find the lights had been moved back to the wall and turned off, the only light from the lamp on the nightstand. I laid down and stared at the ceiling as I heard Jo puttering around before coming back upstairs. She came back into the room and set the glass of water on a coaster for me, then leaned down, gave me a kiss and slipped off her robe. Her skin glowed in the dim golden light as she slipped into bed beside me.
I put my hands together, "and lead me not into temptation, and deliver me from evil. Amen."
A slow laugh erupted from Jo as she rolled to face me. "So I'm evil now?"
"No, you are pure temptation." I kissed her on the tip of the nose and she smiled.
"Well He didn't lead you to me Scott made that happen, now turn off the light." When the room was dark I heard the soft sigh of Maggie laying down in the room somewhere.
Jo spoke softly. "Bobby. I do love you, understand that it's not just some infatuation or me grasping for something, someone, as I lose Scott. I've wondered sometimes if you and I had met first how things would have gone and I could easily see myself in that little house of yours making dinner, kicking back for a football game on a Sunday and being happy with you. I love you for who you are, not because you're a consolation." I heard her sniffle and I reached out slowly finding her face and thumbed the tears from her cheek. "Please don't ever think of me like that."
"I don't. I couldn't." I gathered her closer and listened to the sound of her crying, the tears ran down my shoulder. "It's going to be okay." I whispered into her hair and kissed her. "We're going to be okay." I reinforced my statement as doubt entered my mind as to how this was going to all turn out fine and dandy. I awoke in the dark, the sound of Maggie letting out a sigh as she rolled over had probably roused me. Jo was nestled against me my hand held to her chest our fingers intertwined. I kissed her shoulder softly and closed my eyes. We were going to be okay.
I stirred the next morning and reached forward and found myself alone in bed. I rolled over and saw the bedroom door was closed as well. I pulled my pants on and opened the door. The smell of coffee sharpened my senses. I heard voices downstairs and went back into the bedroom and got fully dressed.
"There's, sleeping beauty." Scott cracked as I walked into the kitchen.
"Hey sweetheart. Did you sleep okay?"
I nodded. "Yea, I slept great." I ran my fingers through my hair and let out a deep sigh. Jo stood and smiled as she went to the counter and poured a cup of coffee for me.
"I'm glad." She rolled up onto her toes and gave me a kiss. "I would have come back after letting Maggie out but I caught this one trying hard to quietly make us breakfast and put a stop to it."
I looked at Scott again and he looked like he'd been run over by a truck, and the driver backed up to make sure the job was done right. "Let me guess, can't handle an eighteen year old by yourself any more?"
"She was a feisty one. Smooth as glass and sneaky as a thief." He rubbed his forehead.
"I set his ass down and now I'm forcing liquids into him." There was a large glass of water, small glass of juice and a cup of coffee lined up in front of him, and what looked like an aspirin bottle.
"A couch beer is probably out of the question then." I laughed.
Scott smiled as much as he could before wincing in pain. Jo asked what in the hell a couch beer was. I explained that back in college it was a spare beer, the hair of the dog, usually hidden under the couch or cushions if the supply was getting low. We usually found a six pack in the morning by searching the house for them.
"Ugh, warm beers for breakfast?" She said making a disgusted face.
"We were younger back then." Scott said with a laugh. The smile on his face lingered as he thought about it. It was nice to see after all of the crap he'd been through. "Cold pizza and warm beers. The breakfast of champions."
"I can do better than that. I'll just put on something on and make you boys some breakfast."
"You don't need to do that."
"Which one, put something on or make breakfast?" Jo asked as she walked past me and reached out to pat my stomach. "I never cook bacon while naked."
I sat across from Scott at the table and he heaved a deep sigh and reached for his coffee. He lifted it to his mouth and put it back down without drinking and reached for the water instead. He picked up the bottle of aspirin and spun it back and forth and set it down unopened. "I have stronger painkillers than this, problem is they usually knock me out. Which may not be a bad idea. I just woke up a couple hours ago and I'm ready to go back to bed."
"Drink some juice, have something to eat and lay down. You're allowed to relax. There's nothing that needs doing that we can't handle for you." I reached across the table and took his hand and he held mine, the grip weak but firm. He just nodded and reached for the juice taking a sip.
"Jo says you're going to do some pictures by the pool today."
"Yea she said she had an orange bikini she wanted to do some shots in."
Scott huffed a breath, the smile came back. "Are you on blood pressure meds because you might need them when you see her in that one. I've got handkerchiefs with more material in them." He was quiet for a moment. "She bought it last year when we were supposed to go to Cancun." There was more but he had stopped there, staring off into the distance, seeing only the past.
Jo walked back into the kitchen, she'd brushed her hair and put on shorts and a baggy tee which I figured was Scott's by the size of it. She went to the refrigerator and started rooting around piling things on the counter. When she turned and saw Scott still holding onto my hand she stopped. A tear rolled down her cheek. She sniffled and looked down.
Scott looked over at her and she looked down at the counter and reached for the eggs. He gave my hand a squeeze and let it go and stood. "I'll be right back."
As soon as he was in the hallway Jo sucked in a deep breath and let it out slowly. She started cracking the eggs into a bowl, more tears ran down her face and she brushed them aside. She picked up a knife and started cutting up ingredients and pulled a pan down from the hook over the counter. Scott walked back in with a prescription bottle and set it on the table as he sat heavily into the chair. He shook out the dose and swallowed it with the rest of the water. I refilled the water for him without even thinking and went to help Jo. She took a deep breath and gripped my arm leaving marks where she held on.
"Need a hand?"
She nodded. "Sure can you grab the bread and make some toast." She started the pan and poured in the eggs and began stirring and looked up at Scott. I looked over at him too and his head was hanging. It was then I realized something. He was failing faster than he'd told me and I wondered if the estimate was off. The look on Jo's face made me think it was the case. I took out plates and set them next to her and grabbed silverware and brought it to the table.
Scott looked up at me and smiled. "Could the two of you lighten the fuck up? You're getting me depressed."
I laughed and took his shoulder giving it a squeeze. "Sorry. I know it's not easy for you, but it's not easy for us either."
Scott let out a deep sigh.
"You know when I was oh, nine or ten, we had a dog, sweet old mutt, darker color than Maggie there, flat coat and floppy ears. His name was Buddy. The winter I started the fifth grade he took sick. He laid around, would barely eat. The vet said he wouldn't get any better and told my Dad we should consider putting him down. I'd have none of that. I knew he'd get better. Dad brought him home rather than put him down and about a week or so later he died in his sleep. He was on the floor at the foot of my bed. I didn't want to let him go. So I know how you feel." Scott looked up at me and over at Jo who was weeping openly at this point. "I do know how you feel, but more importantly, I think I now might know how Buddy felt. He didn't want to go either but he knew it was his time."
Jo sobbed out loud and ran out of the kitchen. I went over to make sure she hadn't left the stove on and looked towards the doorway.
"I'll get her. Don't burn the eggs." He got up and followed her. A few minutes had gone by and I'd set the table and plated the eggs, buttered the toast and refilled the coffee cups. They both came back into the kitchen and Jo looked around a little bewildered and saw the table all set. She sighed and gave me a little smile.
"Thank you." She gave me a hug and kissed me. We sat and ate. I was glad to see Scott digging in with gusto which made Jo happier. She looked up at me. "I'm sorry Bobby but I'm not going to be able to go on that Montreal trip." I knew why she was changing her mind but Scott, surprised, asked her anyway.
She turned to him. "I'm not leaving you alone for five days." She was exasperated but remained calm.
"We've made arrangements, there's a nurse that's going to come and keep an eye on me."
"I don't feel right about it, that's all."
"I want you to go. Furthermore I want you to enjoy it. I wish I could go myself but that would be counter to the purpose of you two getting better acquainted with one another."
She shook her head and picked up her coffee.
"Do you really want to play that card?" Scott asked her.
"What are you talking about?" She looked at him shrewdly.
He just eyed her for a few moments. "You went back on the pill over a month ago in anticipation of this." I nearly spit my coffee out as Scott continued. "Doc said to give it three months before you go bareback." He was looking straight at me. "Just to be sure, so grab yourself some protection. I'd rather she wasn't showing at the funeral."
Jo was red faced with anger. She slammed her palms on the table rattling the dishes.
"Stop it!"
"Dying slow is both a benefit and a pain the ass. You know it's coming so you have time to plan your exit. It sucks because you don't really know when it's going to come. Another week, another month." He shrugged.
He'd gone overboard and Jo was furious.
"I've been cleared by the psychologist at the hospital and signed my own orders to not resuscitate so there's little left to do but prepare you for the next step. Jerry is coming over the week after next and we're going to run down everything that's transitioning and I'd like both of you to be there."
"I don't know Scott. It's a holiday week so I'll probably be backed up at the office." I tried to back my way out of getting involved.
"We'll make it over dinner. Jerry's not one to pass up a free meal. How's Friday work?"
I shook my head. "I guess so. Okay."
"There's a reason I'd like you there. I want someone on Jo's side when it comes to making decisions. Like I said I trust Jerry when I'm there to yank his leash but I don't think he's going to be as easy for her to handle on her own."
Jo's color was coming back to normal but the firm set of her mouth said she hadn't forgotten.
Scott turned to her. "Have you talked with any one?" She just looked down and shook her head. "I'd feel better if you got yourself a lawyer you feel you can trust before there's any reason to worry. You can get him or her up to speed before you're spinning like a top with stuff to do and nowhere to turn."
"Alright, I'll make some calls on Tuesday." She gave Scott a smile and nodded. "I'll go to Montreal. I'll screw Bobby's brains out. I'll do whatever makes you happy." Her anger fizzled into resignation and sarcasm.
Scott gave her a sharp look. "Good. I think I'm going to take that nap. The meds should kick in soon and I'll be unfit for anything beyond holding a chair down. Are you staying the day Bobby? Please do, I'm likely to be up again after lunch time, that should give you some time to get her into and out of that bikini." He gave me a little smirk as he patted my shoulder on his way to the sink with his plate.
"It's up to you. If you have things to do just let me know and I'll hit the road."
"Hell you could move in if you want. I mean I think you'll be spending more time around here anyway, bring some clothes with you next time. That room is yours if you want it, when Jo's not using it of course."
I plucked at my shirt. "I'll remember next time."
He turned to Jo. "Don't forget to lube up before you head out there. All that sunshine looks nice."
"Thankfully I've got somebody to help apply it." She smiled at me before tilting her head up to kiss Scott.
"Have fun." He said with a wave and went upstairs.
Jo looked up at me and smiled. "I'll be back in a few minutes. Relax, finish off the coffee, test the water in the pool." She put her plate in the sink and followed Scott upstairs. I smiled thinking he was about to get another kind of goodnight kiss. I did as told but ended up cleaning up anyway, the dishwasher wasn't full yet so I left it until later. I put away the food that had been left out and wiped down the table and counter. I finished off the coffee as directed. I thought about downloading the images to her laptop and mine but I didn't want to intrude on them by going upstairs so I took my coffee out to the pool. It was very bright today, only a few wispy clouds in the sky and the temperature was coming up nicely. I still hadn't put my shoes on and I dipped my toes into the water, it was cold.
"There goes the idea of any in the pool shots." I muttered. I looked up across the lawn at a nice vista, tall grass at the verge and trees just beyond. That might make a nice backdrop too and with a little shade might make for some nice shots. I turned back towards the house to see Jo in the kitchen. She held up a finger as she set some things on the table and turned back toward the stairs. She was wearing the bikini and when she turned revealed that it was a thong. Her body was fantastic and I stared openly as she went out of view. I brought my coffee cup back into the kitchen and she padded back in with my camera bag and her laptop and set them on the counter.
"Oh, one more thing." She went back upstairs and came back with a long tank top on over her bikini stating, 'Summer hair, don't care' and a stylized graphic of a woman wearing sunglasses with wind tossed hair. She also had a stack of towels.
"Beach towel, good idea." I laughed.
She whipped the tank top over her head baring the bikini again and smiled and she removed that just as quickly. I stared openly at her.
"Might as well get the sunblock on now before I roast like a chicken out there." She went to the table and leaned forward whipping her hair up and clipping it on top of her head. She grabbed a large tube and flipped it open and began applying it liberally. The cream went from white swaths to clear as she massaged it in. "You can help if you like. In fact I'll need a hand for my back." She looked down as I walked around the counter nearly tripping over my own feet in the process. "Really Bobby? That easily?"
"Seriously? You just walked into the room, whipped your clothes off and now you're standing here oiling yourself up like a greased piglet and you're surprised that I got excited?" Her grin was infectious.
"Then I guess I should say thank you for the compliment." Her smile faded as she rubbed her stomach with sunblock. "Sorry about running out earlier. It's just he's so blunt about the entire situation sometimes that it's as if he's talking about an appointment he can't reschedule."
"I get it." I wondered about the statement he'd made and realized that they had been planning this far longer than I had thought. "Was he being serious?"
Jo looked up at me from under her bangs and didn't respond right away.
"You've known this plan for over a month?"
She looked down as she applied the lotion to her other leg.
"He said he had a lot of time to think while he laid on the bed and got his chemo treatments. He presented me with his plan not long after my birthday, in March. I asked him if he'd lost his last marble. He asked me how I felt about you. If I thought there could or would be something between us to explore after he was gone."
"The plot thickens." I rubbed my hand down my face.
"Yea things were pretty crazy." She chuckled. "If these walls could talk, they'd tell you some of the more choice cuss words I screamed during those discussions."
"You agreed then."
She nodded like a guilty child. "Eventually he asked enough and badgered an answer out of me after getting me drunk, in his mind that was one down, he just needed to figure out how to present it to you."
"The story of you being afraid to be alone?"
"No, that's actually true." She crossed her arms beneath her breasts framing them perfectly as she looked out at the pool. "Orphan syndrome. When your mom drops you off at school and never comes back it kind of wrecks you emotionally." She swallowed hard, when she turned back to me her eyes were welled up with tears. "The more I thought about it he was right. I don't have any real friends here, other than you. I don't have any home to go back to in Texas. I'd be alone again, and he used that fact against me, and for my own protection."
I reached for the lotion and walked around behind her and began with her shoulders.
"I know that this all sounds like some elaborate trap to you, but it wasn't meant to be that way."
I leaned in and kissed her softly behind the ear. "Relax Jo." I moved to her upper back and massaged the lotion in as I moved lower trying to loosen the tension. I moved down to her lower back and knelt on the floor and kissed her just below where I'd applied the lotion. I trailed them down her ass and she giggled.
"Bobby McNeil, you are the very first man who has ever taken me up on the offer to kiss my ass."
"Any time." I took a soft bite not wanting to leave a mark and began to work the lotion in until it was fully absorbed.
"Want to get naked and I'll do you too? We can start our own oil wrestling tag team." She laughed. I had her turn and made sure she'd gotten her feet and stood and rubbed some into each ear. She laughed until I told her about a burn I got while fishing with a friend one time.
"Putting on socks and shoes was so painful I thought I would cry. My ears were cracked and bleeding for a couple days and it hurt to shower or lay down on my side. Trust me here."
Jo looked at me eyes wide. "Bobby if I didn't trust you I wouldn't be giving you my heart." She leaned in carefully not to get my clothes covered in lotion and kissed me. "Do your ears and face then wash your hands so you don't drop your camera." She gave me a wink and turned to grab the bikini, tank top and towels and headed for the door. I did as told and swabbed the back of my neck with the lotion before washing up.
There was a small table with an umbrella on a patio behind the house. I put my camera bag there and swapped to a fresh battery. I looked behind me to see Jo had put the bikini and tank top back on. She was standing on the grass, the flip flops kicked off and she was stretching. She heard the shutter sound and looked up and began doing jumping jacks with a huge grin on her face. She walked over to the ladder into the pool and dipped a toe in carefully and I moved closer. She yelped and pulled it back out. "Damn that's still pretty cold." I laughed having already done the same. Her skin glistened beautifully with the addition of the lotion and I kept shooting. Like last night she knew what to do I just hoped I was catching it. She walked a few paces from the ladder and turned to me and affected a scared face and held her hands up while looking over her shoulder as if she were being pushed into the pool. She turned slightly and a little smile drew across her lips. She crossed her arms and gathered the tank top and drew it up slowly exposing the lower half of the bikini. She looked down at the deck for a few shots then turned her eyes to me and widened the smile without turning her head. She lifted the tank top a little higher baring her chest. She breathed deep and held it for a moment and let it out in a little laugh and dragged the tank top over her head slowly. She tossed it towards the beach chair and posed hands on hips with a coy look then made a funny face with her tongue sticking out. She reached behind her head and removed the hair clip and tossed that too and began running her fingers through her hair fanning it out over her shoulders. She was a master of sexy looks and I was eating it up. She went over to the chair and spread out the towel over the length of it.
"Oh I had an idea, just a minute." She dashed into the house and came back a few minutes later with a magazine and her sunglasses. She put the glasses on top of her head pinning her hair back with them and gave me a few looks. She turned adjusted the chair so it was flat and lay down on it and pulled the sunglasses over her eyes. One knee came up slightly to give her some extra contour and she sat up bringing the chair into a reclining position and grabbed her magazine and opened it up. We went through several more looks and she set the back of the chair flat again and rolled over onto her stomach. She reached for the back of the bikini and unhooked it and just let the ends dangle at her sides. She reached back and adjusted the string of the thong a few different ways. She turned face up and played with the bikini top a few ways before pulling it off over her head and laying back again. I went over and brought her the bottle of lotion and she grinned and began applying more while playing with her breasts. She lifted a long leg straight up and applied more there as well. She stood and turned away from me and peeled the bottoms off and began to lotion up her ass again and I felt my breathing speed up.
"I don't know why you're panting, it's not that hot out." She said turning and reaching between her legs. She tilted her head back. I saw her fingers digging in and she let out a sigh. She did a few more classic poses with a series of smiles and goofy looks. She asked if there was a continuous mode on the camera and I said there was. "Good because I'm going to dive in the pool and as soon as I surface there's likely to be a loud scream from me as I realize how cold it is."
"Are you sure you want to do that? There's an iceberg down at the shallow end."
"Well once I can't stand it any longer I full well expect you to bring me inside and put me into a hot shower and help me wash off all of this extra sunscreen." She walked over to the end of the pool and she waited for me to get in position about half way down the deck. "Ready?"
"I should ask you that." I nodded and lifted the camera to frame her and she stepped up, and in a smooth arc, dove into the pool with very little splash. I watched her swim a few yards underwater and positioned myself to catch her as she breached the surface. I should have been prepared for the swearing which was even more colorful than I expected.
"My nipples could cut granite right now!" She yelled across the water.
"All I see is concrete at the moment." She swam to the shallow end and I got down on the deck at the very end of the pool. She walked up to the edge where it was fairly shallow, she was only waist deep now and the water beaded up and rolled down her body. She reached up and brushed her wet hair back and I knew right then I had the money shot. Her eyes blazed green, her expression was smoldering, her lips in the perfect pout. She arched her back slowly, her nipples jutted out sharply as she dipped her hair back into the water. She looked up, that same expression on her face and crossed her arms gently over her chest lightly touching her fingertips to her shoulders. She twisted slightly and leaned back again and dipped her hair into the water and ran her fingers through it. I stood up and she smiled as she reclined and floated on her back spreading her hair out in a fan behind her. "You're turning blue, best get out of there."
"I agree. How's the battery?"
"Still good, only about half gone." She made her way to the ladder and ran ahead of her and she tilted back wetting her hair as she held the ladder. Her skin glowed as the water beaded up and purled down her chest.
"You are absolutely gorgeous." She straightened back up a with a little smirk. She turned serious again and gave me another one of her smoldering pouts as she took the first step slowly raising herself out of the water. I didn't stop until she was standing on the deck. She took a step forward, one hand still holding the rail of the ladder, the water glistened in the sun as it slid down her body.
"Stay here." She turned and walked slowly away on her tip toes. A few paces away she turned and looked over her shoulder at me with a come-hither look. I felt my heart skip a beat as the corner of her mouth lifted. She twisted, lifted her hand and gave me the come-hither finger curl. She was moving slowly intending to be photographed as she took her towel and placed one foot on chair then the other as she dried each leg off. She turned in partial profile and brought the towel up under her chin and began drying down her torso. She spun slowly around and swung the towel around behind her and dried her back before wrapping it around her torso, tucking the end in just above her breasts. She winked and bent over at the waist as she picked up her bottle of lotion, magazine and sunglasses. She pulled them down slightly and looked over the top with a little smile, her ass peeked out from under the towel. She broke the tension by crossing her eyes and sticking her tongue out the side of her mouth which caused us to both start laughing.
"Let's get this stuff inside. You can start downloading them to my laptop and while that's happening you can help me wash up." There was a definite flicker in her eyes at the thought of that. She signaled me to be quiet with a finger to her lips as we left the kitchen. I hesitated a step and she turned and undid the towel. Her expression was clear. "If you want it then you're going to have to come get it." She made her way to the stairs and climbed them and headed for the guest room that had been offered to me for my use.
She closed the door behind me tossed her towel and bikini into the bathroom and wrapped her arms around me. "Thank you." She whispered.
I wrapped my arms around her and despite the warm day she was shivering. "For what?"
"Your warmth."
I laughed and held her away from me. Her expression was serious and I realized there was deeper meaning to what she'd said. I pulled her against me and started rubbing her back.
"Let's get you warmed back up."
She leaned back, unbuttoned my shirt and ran her hands down my chest.
"Get this off and join me." She went into the bathroom and I heard the shower come on. I had my clothes off pretty quick and entered the bathroom. She was in the shower lathering up and I stopped to watch her and wished I had my camera with me. I hope the hotel has a nice big shower because this needs to be recorded. If there was a light in the shower she hadn't turned it on and the sunlight coming from the small window wrapped around her curves in breathtaking fashion. She turned to look my way and was startled at first to see me standing there naked and staring at her but her smile soon appeared. She pushed open the glass door. "Get in here."
"You don't have to tell me twice." I stepped into the warm spray and found that despite the shower seeming roomy it was smaller with two people in it. She fixed the problem by closing the distance and leaning into me lips first. I nearly swallowed her tongue as her hand gripped me firmly and stroked slowly.
Our kisses were fueled by the tension built up taking the photos by the pool and I wasn't sure I would be able to withstand her stroking for long. I took the sponge and gave it a healthy dose of body wash and turned her away from me. I spied the smile on her face as she leaned forward nestling her backside into my crotch.
"Sorceress." I washed her shoulders and made my way down her back kneading the muscles as I did. She let out a moan and leaned forward a little more. I looked down to find my cock nestled neatly between the cheeks of her ass as soapy water poured over it. "Lean forward another inch and I won't be responsible for my actions." She giggled and looked at me over her shoulder. Her expression was temptation and I nearly leaned her forward the last inch myself. Just in time she stood up and moved away leaving me solid as the tile walls.
She turned me and performed the same slow back wash. "Not yet, but it is fun teasing you. I'm sorry, but I hope I'm up to the task of making it worth while." Her hands slipped down my ass and one went so far as to reach underneath me and stroke me from beneath and I gasped. She giggled again and I turned and kissed her backing her to the shower wall.
"If I can be perfectly candid." I said between kisses. "You have already made a lot of fantasies I've harbored come true."
She kissed me back just as fiercely. "I want to hear them all. I want to grant them all." I ran my hands down her chest rubbing the soapy suds into her skin making her moan into my mouth. I ran my hand down her stomach and slipped between her thighs and delved into the slick heat.
"Aah!"
I felt her hand do the same to me and I felt like I was going to explode. "You will be the death of me." I said. Her hand slipped away, the other gripping my forearm as she pushed me away. I opened my eyes to pure sorrow. I wrapped her in my arms and she tried to wiggle free at first then lost the will to fight and fell into my arms.
"Oh Jesus, I am so sorry Jo. I didn't think." I kissed her and held her to me tightly. I felt the vibrations of her chest as she cried on my shoulder. "I'm so sorry." I kissed her again. She held on to me as she cried it out of her system. After a few minutes she looked up at me. I apologized again.
"I know." She sniffled. "I know you didn't mean anything by it, and any time before last fall I would have taken it as encouragement." She closed her eyes and took a deep breath then let it out. I leaned her back against the wall and finished washing her from head to toe to get all the sunscreen washed off. I rinsed us both off and stood her on the rug and dried her off quickly. "It's funny how the most innocuous sayings can take on a lot more meaning in the right context." She attempted a smile and failed. She took another towel and wrapped it around her hair and left the room. I dried quickly and went out into the bedroom but she wasn't there.
"Shit." I started to dress when she came back into the room with some clothes over her arm and large bottle.
"What are you doing?"
"I thought you were upset. I..."
"I am, but it's not your fault. You've only just found out what's going on, I've been going through it for months now. I don't blame you for anything other than killing the mood." The look she gave me let me know she was okay. "Besides you're not done." She shook the bottle and handed it to me. It was body lotion and the smile reappeared. "I don't stay soft and kissable without a little help you know. As punishment I'm making you start with the back."
She unwrapped the towel from her hair and spread it on the bed laying across it face down. I climbed over her straddling her hips once again finding myself nestled between her cheeks. I leaned forward and kissed her shoulders one at a time. "You're absolutely right, soft and kissable." I planted one on the back of her neck and sat up and began applying the lotion rubbing it into her skin and massaging her back as I went. She made soft sounds of contentment as I worked my way down to her ass and making sure it was well moisturized to the sound of a giggle. The giggle turned to a sigh as I started between her thighs, being sure to massage every inch of her. I worked my way down her legs stopping at her ankles. She lifted a foot and wiggled the toes.
"Don't stop there." She waited as I finished and rolled over so her back was still on the towel. "Might as well finish the job." I did just that. After completing each leg I walked around to the other side of the bed and worked my way down from neck over her torso and arms finishing with my fingers delving between her thighs as she hummed appreciation.
"You know, dangling that thing this close is kind of dangerous."
"This?" I teased dangling it closer and she lifted her head and nipped at my cock. I jerked away initially then dangled it much closer and she leaned up and gave me a kiss and licked the tip. She dug her heel into the bed and pushed herself closer to me, her head dangling off the end of the bed and she reached up and took me into her mouth. I nearly collapsed at the feel of her tongue stroking my cock. She turned and released and wiggled a little further and tilted her head back.
"Fuck my mouth."
I slipped my cock back into her mouth and began moving slowly, her mouth was heaven and I began to thrust harder. Her hand reached up to my hip and gave me a little push away and I backed off but continued sliding my cock into her hungry mouth. She pushed me away and rolled over and grabbed my balls pulling me back to her swallowing me whole. She began to hum and suck harder. I warned her I was going to orgasm if she didn't stop, bless her heart she didn't stop and with one final deep stroke she drew back and I came like a cannon going off. She made a noise in her throat and began swallowing and dribbling unable to keep up with the torrent I unleashed on her. She released me and looked up with a messy smile. She lashed out with her tongue and cleaned up the rest of the mess she'd made of me and I came back to life almost immediately.
"I just washed him off and he's all dirty again."
I knelt because I wasn't stable enough to remain upright. "It's your dirty little mouth that did that."
"You say the sweetest things." Her smile was brilliant. She reached out to kiss me then opted for a peck on the cheek.
"I feel like I owe you one." I said, Jo just laughed.
"Don't you worry I'll extract my pound of flesh at some point." She grinned. "Maybe I'll just take a pounding of flesh."
I just looked at her eyes wide. She made a face and rolled upright and went back into the bathroom. I could hear her washing up and walked around the bed and she was chugging out of the bottle of mouthwash. She rinsed and spit. "It's not you. I'm just not sure Scott would appreciate me snowballing him with your load." She began giggling and put the mouthwash away. "This is so fucked up." She took several deep breaths and picked up her bikini and the towels and hung them up. She looked up at me dead serious and I started laughing, she broke into another fit of giggles.
"I'm starting to see your point."
She went out into the bedroom and began putting on the clothes she'd come back with, the shorts and tee she had been wearing earlier with a cute pair of pale blue panties beneath. Between the photographs and the shower it was nearly lunch time when we emerged quietly from the bedroom. I had brought my personal laptop as well and downloaded the pictures there next and we took her laptop to the table and sat close as we started going through the images to see how they came out. Jo was overly critical of many shots I liked and we both started laughing at the ones where she was goofing off making faces.
"Do you know what a look-book is?" She asked.
"Yes, it's sort of a photo resume for a model."
Jo nodded with a smile. "I was thinking of putting one together, ten or so pages of images and mailing them out as gifts for my fans. I think they would hold up better than single photos, and I'd likely see fewer of them online than if I just shared the digital images." She pointed at the picture of her staring back at us. The image of her emerging from the water like Venus.
"When I saw you in the shower I wished I had my camera." I shook my head. "You do look terrific when you're wet." I saw her grin.
I'll take that as a compliment, on both counts." She leaned over and kissed my cheek.
"You could go up a couple pages and add a blooper reel of images too. I think they really convey your personality. Relaxed, playful and not taking yourself too seriously, at least with regards to your looks."
"They'll fade one day and you could wake up next to an old hag. Are you prepared for that?"
"I don't buy it, you're going to be stunning forever. You're the epitome of beauty not being skin deep."
She looked at me for a moment, a little surprised.
I smiled. "What? Truth is I've measured every woman I've known for the last seven years against you. None of them have quite measured up." She reached up and turned my face and kissed me deeply. She turned and straddled my lap in the kitchen chair and leaned my head back and kissed me again. Her hands worked their way up the back of my head, fingers running through my hair as we kissed. The sound of the front door closing brought her head up fast.
"Hello?" She called out.
Scott walked into the doorway and leaned against the door jamb. Maggie came trotting into the kitchen. "Sorry, I didn't mean to interrupt. I just let Maggie out and didn't want to come through here to go out the back." Jo looked as sheepish as I felt and stood and sat back in the other chair. Scott started laughing. He walked over and laid a hand on our shoulders and gave a squeeze. "Relax." He added softly. "Wow, you took that this morning?" He said looking at the computer screen.
"Yes." Jo looked up over her shoulder at him. "Do you want to see the rest?"
"Of course I do." He smiled. I got up and made him sit down and they went through the albums again. I mentioned the idea of the shower shoot and he wondered if there would be enough light in the master bath. "It's good sized but I'm not sure it's big enough to set up lights."
"I was thinking we might wait until we get to Montreal, see what the hotel bath looks like."
"If that doesn't do it we can check some local resorts nearby, they're likely to be a little more opulent, maybe have a nice bathtub too." Scott said sounding excited by the idea. "We'll need to get you a rubber duck for that shoot."
Jo bust out laughing. I looked on a little confused. They let me in on a joke that had come up in her cam session one day about playing with a rubber ducky as a euphemism for hand jobs.
"Of course everybody in the chat started in with that kid's song." She hid her face as she laughed. Jo got up and said she was going to start on lunch. I went around and helped her as Scott kept flipping through the photos. He made a quite a few positive comments as he went through them and Jo accused him of being biased by the subject matter.
Scott was a little more animated after the nap, having overcome the hangover at least. Jo mentioned the idea of the look book to him and he liked the idea. He wanted to make sure we had our plans straight for the trip. He also admonished me that despite his mostly retired status he was still responsible for the purchase of this aircraft so I was not to forget what I was supposed to be focusing on, at least for the first couple days of the trip. I laughed at that and old him that maybe Jo should come up on Friday night then.
"How's this for a deal. You bring this sale in under the fifteen million budget and I'll make sure you get ten percent of the difference as a bonus."
My eyes popped open at that. "The jet I'm looking at is only about twelve million, I'm sure with amenities and everything it will top thirteen."
"So you could stand to make a six figure bonus. Just don't get us the base model with the cheap fabric seats." He smiled. "I look at it this way, you're trying to save us money that we're trying to get rid of before Uncle Sam comes to collect his due. If I give up more of it, then you get a cut and so does he, but a smaller one."
"I don't know what to say." I didn't and I hoped the offer hadn't been born of anything in our personal lives.
"You've worked hard on this and it shows. You could have just put out a bid request and bought from the first company that gave you the numbers you were looking for but you didn't do that. You know our business needs pretty well and you've tailored your work around them and that says a lot about you and the company you work for, and that's why I recommended you again. I remember a couple years ago that first plane got grounded in Denver due to something going wrong and you got us a charter within two hours rather than us jumping on a commercial flight. We had the plane back in service a few days later."
Jo looked at me with a smile plastered across her face. The conversation veered away from work after that. I packed up my gear and made ready to leave them for the day. While I was putting my things in my bag Jo came into the guest room and sat on the unmade bed.
"I'll get this made back up if you have some clean sheets." I said. She just waved her hand dismissing my offer.
"Don't sweat it, I'll take care of it and get this place whipped into shape by Monday so I can get back on cam." She was quiet for a minute as I coiled up a cable. "Are you coming over tomorrow?" She sounded hopeful.
"I don't know. Are there any other ideas you had or wanted to try out?"
She shrugged. "We could go over the pictures and see which ones would look best, maybe put together a demo and see what it would look like."
"Scott doesn't want you to himself for a few days before we go?"
Her smile was strained. She nodded. "I was planning Monday and Tuesday for that. He doesn't go into the office any more, he works from his office downstairs mostly."
"If you want me to."
"Do you want to?" She shot back instantly.
"Very much." I responded without hesitation. Her smile went from strained to genuine. She stood and turned me to face her, wrapped her arms around my neck and kissed me again. "Why does it feel like I'm sneaking around behind your parents backs?"
Jo buried her face in my shoulder and laughed. "I know. I nearly jumped off your lap when he came into the kitchen. I was afraid I'd flip the table over."
"I'll come over tomorrow. I can even bring lunch so you won't have to put yourself out."
"Oh please, it's not as if I work that hard at it, or at all, in fact."
I went back on Sunday and we sat around playing with photos and making slide shows to see how the images would flow. I'd brought some clothes and put them in the drawer in the guest room which left me feeling a little odd. Jo showed me the alarm system at the front door and gave me a spare key as if I were going to house sit for them sometime soon. A thought that I might at some point to help them out surprised me. At this point there was little I wouldn't do to make this whole tragedy go as painlessly as possible for everyone. I sympathized with both, Scott for not wanting to prolong the suffering, and Jo for keeping it together as well as she did.
Jo walked me to the door late in the afternoon. I'd declined her offer of dinner saying that she should relax and spend some time with Scott. I needed to get some things ready for the week since I'd be spending most of the week out of the office. She kissed me deeply and seemed genuinely sorry to see me leave.