Shortly after marrying my beautiful young wife, Kari, we were out having drinks at a local club when she complained about some guy staring at her. I had to chuckle at this when I saw not one, but several guys around the club trying to subtly check her out.
"He's not the only one," I said, "and besides, who can blame them? I'd be checking you out myself if I wasn't with you."
"Oh, you're just making that up, they're just looking at me because I'm homely."
I almost choked on my drink at that. Why is it that even the prettiest girls always seem to think there is some imperfection that makes them undesirable. In Kari's case, she thinks her modest sized breasts are too small. I, on the other hand, find smaller, firm breasts a huge turn on and have often told her so. Besides, some guys may like big tits but the prize is getting to fuck the hot, wet pussy of a pretty girl.
"They're all looking at you because every one of them would like nothing better than to fuck you, even the ones with dates." I replied.
Well, she still wasn't buying it or at least wouldn't acknowledge it but later that night I found myself incredibly turned on by the thoughts that must have been running through the minds of all those guys and I took out my horniness on Kari.
As I was fucking her I whispered in her ear, "Imagine all those guys tonight are the ones fucking your hot pussy right now, one after the other."
This brought about an immediate orgasm for her as I continued to fuck her hard and whisper how much it turned her on thinking about strangers fucking her over and over again.
"Ummm, fuck me hard you bastards," she yelled, surprising me by how much she was liking this.
She had a second orgasm, a rarity between us, and her thinking about other guys fucking her for some reason put me over the edge and I dumped what felt like gallons of cum deep inside her.
We talked about how turned on that made us in the days following that and had several more hot bouts of sheer fucking. I tried to convince her to dress even sexier when we went out letting guys see more of her so that when we went home we could fantasize about it while having sex. She slowly came around, remembering how hot it was that first time.
That Friday night we had plans to go to the same club and I was stunned when I saw her dressed to kill. She had a button down blouse with maybe one more than decent button undone, no bra (my idea!) and a skirt that came to mid-thigh, nothing too revealing there.
Needless to say, there were plenty of eyeballs on her that night and, to my surprise, they weren't all male eyeballs which made my imagination run wild with the possibilities.
Kari didn't fail to notice all the attention and was quite pleased with herself. I, of course, encouraged her to give a show without it looking like she was giving a show. I was kind of afraid to leave her alone but I had to fight the crowd up to the bar to get our drinks. As I waited for our drinks I got an occasional glimpse through the crowd to our table and I suppose I wasn't surprised to see someone standing there trying to chat her up. Knowing how she was dressed I noticed how she turned to talk to him and thought about the show he must have been getting looking down her blouse.
After the drinks came I decided to stay at the bar for a bit just to see what would happen. At one point the crowd parted some and it looked like she was showing him her wedding ring and pointing to the bar. She then dropped a napkin and took pains to bend over to retrieve it, which caused her blouse to open more which her new friend didn't fail to notice.
The next look I got was of him walking away no doubt very disappointed, so I headed back to the table.
"That was quite a show you gave your new friend," I said.
"He's not my friend, but I do think he went away happy," She said with a sly grin on her face.
After a few more drinks and a few subtle flashes by Kari we went home for another super hot fuck session.
We probably should have stopped our little game but, as these things usually go, we continued to escalate Kari's exhibitionism. What a turn around from that first night in the club. The further things went the more she seem to love it and our sex lives hadn't slowed a bit. It seemed as though she couldn't get enough attention from guys even if they didn't do anything for her.
Thinking guys were too restrained when I was there, we decided we would go to a bar on the other side of town separately so that when she walked in wearing her shortest skirt and sexy blouse unbuttoned immodestly, I was already there watching the reaction of the other bar patrons (mostly men). She no sooner ordered a drink when some guy was there at her side to pay for it. 'Hmmm this is pretty good' I thought.
As luck would have it she had taken the bar stool right next to me so I had a good view and could hear most of their conversation which was mostly telling her how hot she was and trying to get her to go outside with him. I was beginning to think this might be a mistake but at the same time I was fighting to keep from getting a full fledged erection at the thought of her going out with him. What the fuck was the matter with me?
She showed him her ring several times explaining that she didn't cheat on her husband ('especially when he's sitting right next to her' I thought). That didn't stop him from putting his hand on her leg and then stroking it, going ever higher with each stroke. Kari didn't seem to mind, in fact I thought I detected her breathing getting heavier and I could only imagine what our love making would be like that night!
She eventually forced him to stop even though she told me later she didn't want him to stop but she could hardly let him play with her pussy right there at the bar. After a bit more time arousing her friend, she left soon followed by me to go home and have that much anticipated round of sex that went well into the next morning.
We continued like this for a time, never once not having someone approach her. One place had a dance floor and of course guys wanted to dance with her. She told me almost all of them were rubbing their hard cocks against her which turned her on like nothing before. Another time was at a pub with an L shaped bar, the short leg of the bar having a wall behind making that part as private as a bar can possibly get and of course that's where she sat.
I was too far away to hear what her friend for this night was saying but I was pretty sure it was more of the same. I also couldn't see what his hand that had disappeared from sight awhile ago was doing but I had a good idea what that might be. Kari's hand was missing for awhile too and they both appeared to be trying to stay semi-composed without much success.
This turned out to be the best night yet. Kari explained that he had snuck his hand up her leg and began rubbing her pussy through her panties. Then he moved them aside and got a couple of fingers inside her and began finger fucking her while at the same time putting her hand on his hard cock. She couldn't believe how good it all felt as he brought her closer and closer to an orgasm right there in the bar. He then unzipped his fly, allowing Kari to get her hand inside his pants and eventually inside his underwear so that she could stroke his hard cock!
I was ready to burst by this point but she wasn't finished yet. He did finally get her off which is what I thought might have happened but she also jerked him off right in his pants.
"It was sooo hot feeling his throbbing cock shooting its load right there in the bar I came a second time. We both were trying not to give away what was happening there to the rest of the bar but I was beyond caring. And now I need you to fuck me hard and all night long!!"
That's all I needed to hear. What a night it was.
This all sounds like we were out every night but we probably averaged every couple of weeks, sometimes a month or more, whenever the mood struck us I guess. After the last time we took some time to talk about what we were doing. I told her I was beginning to feel sorry for these guys with her getting them all excited only to let them down.
"Do you want to stop?" she asked, seeming somewhat apprehensive at what my answer might be.
"Well, by the look on your face I don't think you do and it is all a huge turn on for me too. I guess that means figuring out how to relieve guys short of giving them a hand job in a bar."
I was getting an erection thinking about where this conversation was going. Did I really want her to have sex with other guys? She certainly looked relieved at that I didn't want to stop.
"Do you want them to fuck me? I get really horny when we do this but I don't know if I can do that."
I had another idea. Kari is a world class cocksucker and she seems to love doing it so I said to her "You like to suck cock, maybe that would be the best answer. After all a recent President of the USA once said that it is not really sex. Imagine how much fun we would have after that!"
"Mmmmmm, that sounds hot, but do you really want to watch me suck strangers' cocks?"
With that I whipped out my now rock hard cock and said, "What do you think?"
That got a laugh and another hot fuck session.
I went to different places we had been to before looking for the best spot to take that next step. I remembered the place where Kari had danced with some guys. There was a side door off what passed for a dance floor so I walked around the building and found a garden of sorts with a short path to a gazebo which, except for the path, was totally surrounded by tall shrubs. Perfect!
I informed Kari and off we went. I was a bit nervous, questioning whether this was really what I wanted but excited at the prospect of watching Kari suck a stranger's cock. Kari just seemed excited. What had started out as more or less a game was now turning into something more serious. How many guys would let their wives suck off a stranger? Of course how many guys have a wife that will suck them off?
Once we got to the bar, as usual it didn't take long for someone to join her and ask her to dance. She was to give me a thumbs up when she decided on someone. I couldn't help thinking how far she had come from the insecure girl she once was to now knowing she could pick just about anybody to come with her.
With her new found love of showing herself off, I wasn't surprised that she didn't settle for the first guy, she wanted to have some fun first. Eventually she just became to horny with all those hard cocks pressing into her while dancing and gave me the thumbs up.
As agreed I left the bar and made my way around to the side and hid away in the shrubs surrounding the gazebo. It was a chilly night so no one seemed to be interested in coming outside. Perfect!
Soon I heard the side door open and voices as they approached the path to the gazebo. Then I saw them enter the small area and climb up on the gazebo where her friend (or is it lover now?) embraced her and began kissing her passionately. I had imagined them coming out and Kari just sucking him off but of coursed they would make out first but I found the intimacy of them kissing and watching her kissing him back just as passionately to be a bit disturbing.
As I watched I saw him get the rest of her buttons undone and now had free access to her tits which he took full advantage of, kissing and sucking the nipples of one and then the other. I felt like I had a rock in my stomach when I looked at Kari and saw how much she was into this, a look that she only ever had when we were making love.
When I looked back to her lover he was pushing her down on the bench and then he pushed her skirt up, pulled her panties down and proceeded to eat her pussy. Wow, I definitely hadn't thought anything like this would happen! She was so turned on it didn't take long before she was cumming on his face. I felt like someone had stuck a knife in my gut. Oh well, she did get off with the last guy she was with but this was different, this seemed more like they were actually lovers.
He now got up and appeared to be getting ready to fuck her and she looked like she wanted him to but at the last minute, with his cock right at her pussy, she got up and coaxed him to sit on the bench and got down between his legs and took his rock hard cock into her mouth. This may not have been his original plan but he was a happy man just the same and I knew how he felt.
I had come out of the shrubs and was next to the gazebo but out of his line of sight so with the ambient light I could see very well as she worked that cock. At times she would come off it and lick and suck his balls so that I had a perfect view of what surprised me to think of as a perfect cock. Never one to think in terms of being gay I nonetheless found myself wondering what it would be like to be in Kari's position sucking that cock.
Soon her expert cocksucking skills became too much for him and he pushed his cock in her mouth and obviously began shooting his load, then he pulled back and pushed back in to dump somemore cum in my pretty wife's hungry mouth. She then took control again and sucked every drop she could get from this stranger's cock until he couldn't take it anymore and pushed her away.
He then stood up, pulled his pants up and said, "your husband is a lucky man." and turned around and left Kari there on her knees.
Seeing the total pleasure Kari took in sucking this guys cock did not really leave me feeling particularly lucky but it did leave me with a super hard cock which I put to use as I fucked Kari right there on the gazebo not caring if anyone saw us or not.
Well, that episode led to more discussions mainly from me telling her how it made me feel watching her make out with that guy, how it all seemed too intimate but now that she had done it she told me she didn't want to stop.
"It's so fucking hot doing that while you are watching or maybe just doing it I can't stop now," she said. "Besides you liked it too judging by what you did to be back there!"
I couldn't argue with that, remembering how hard I got as I watched her sucking a stranger's cock. She continued to go out and pick up guys to suck off.
It was surprising how many places in or around a bar where one can go to discreetly suck a cock. One in particular was an old hotel that on the way to the restrooms was a side aisle that had several old style phone booths. All the phone equipment had been removed of course but the booths were solid wood, inside there was a small seat and opposite that was a shelf which would have been underneath the phone.
I had Kari meet me in the farthest booth just to see if two people could get into it. So, as I leaned my ass on the shelf she sat on the seat and seeing it would work she began to get up.
"Where do you think you're going," I said as I pulled out my hardening cock. "We have to make sure it will work ok."
She laughed at that and then took my cock in her wonderful, talented mouth and gave me one of her expert, mindblowing blowjobs.
Later that night I hid away in the next to last booth. I had found a piece of cardboard to partially cover the glass in the folding door so I could stay down out of sight when her next victim arrived.
Once again, she enjoyed herself teasing and showing off to the guys in the bar so I had to wait for quite some time. I was beginning to worry (fantasize?) that she had taken someone outside and was at that moment fucking his brains out. Amazingly my cock was getting hard as my imagination ran wild now thinking it had been too long, there must be a lot of guys fucking her outside in the parking lot. Just when I thought I was going to blow my load I heard voices approaching so I sunk down in my booth out of sight while they passed and then entered the last booth.
Unfortunately, I couldn't see into their booth but the sounds of love- making came through loud and clear. I could hear them kissing and then the guy commenting on her perfect tits and Kari moaning as he was undoubtedly kissing and sucking her nipples.
"Ummm, your pussy is nice and wet," I heard him say, "Why don't you sit on the shelf so I can give you the fucking you deserve."
"Oh, I would love to have you fuck me but I'm married and can't do that," she replied.
'good girl' I thought although did she really want him to fuck her?
"Well, what are we going to do with this?" he asked, an obvious reference to no doubt his hard cock.
"Let's do this," Kari said as I heard them shuffling around in the tight space and then a sharp intake of breath as Kari must have taken his hard cock into her mouth.
The sounds of a blowjob are almost as hot as actually watching it, her occasional gag, his moans of pleasure and words of encouragement, as if she needed any.
One time she took his cock out and said breathlessly, "I want your cum in my mouth, shoot it all, mmmmmm I love cum."
"Oh, yeah baby, you're going to get it all, damn, I'm almost there!!"
Then I heard the obvious grunts and moans of a man's orgasm and I knew he was filling my "sweet" wife's mouth with his hot cum, and, also knowing her, she was swallowing every drop.
When he was finally finished I heard them kissing again, wow, was she giving him a taste of his own cum? Then I heard the sounds of him getting dressed and leaving.
"Thanks for that babe, you sure are a superb cocksucker," and then the door opened and closed and he was gone.
I watched him leave above my cardboard blocker but he stopped to talk to someone else out there and he was pointing back toward the booths. 'Uh oh' I thought.
I whispered through the wall of my booth, "If you want another one it looks like your friend is sending one over. Yep here he comes."
"Oh, damn this is hot, can I do him, honey I want more, we'll have a hell of a night later."
"Go ahead, enjoy yourself, I sure am!"
"Thank you honey, you are the best!"
I think these guys would say Kari is the best.
As the new guy approach, I noticed he was a middle-aged fellow with graying hair and a bit of a belly. I hope a hard cock was all she cared about because it would be unfair to send him away now.
Being told what to expect he dispensed with any preliminaries and apparently just dropped his pants and told her to suck his cock.
"In a hurry are we?" I heard Kari say followed by the usual sounds of a blowjob.
This was all too much for me so I quietly left my booth although I probably didn't need to worry about noise considering what was going on in their booth. I walked out to the main hallway to the restrooms just as someone was exiting the men's room and a devious idea came to mind.
"Hey bud, there's a hot cunt in the last phone booth sucking cocks, why don't you wait for the guy in there to come out and then go take your turn."
"Yeah, right," he replied, "You expect me to believe that? I never get that lucky."
"Go down there and take a look, I'm not shitting you and she is super hot."
He looked at me doubtfully, obviously thinking I was pulling a fast one on him until he got to the booth where he saw and heard the ending of an incredible blowjob.
"Sign me up," he said as the guy in the booth came out and he slid right in there, dropped his pants, and offered his cock to my wife. She looked out at me with a huge grin on her face and a look of utter lust that I rarely see as she bent to the task at hand.
After watching her suck this guy's cock for a while it was obvious he wouldn't last long so I went back to the hall to find more recruits. I ended up sending three more lucky guys back to her before she signaled that she had had enough. Having sucked six strangers off plus me earlier she told me later it was her hottest night yet and she set out to prove it to me with maybe our best night of pure fucking ever.
We continued doing this occasionally for well over a year. Pretty much every guy she picked up had expected to get laid but they all went away happy just the same, no surprise there. As they tried their best to fuck her she often told them she wished she could let them and I began to believe she really did want to be fucked by them so I eventually asked her about it.
"I'm sorry," she said, "But I get so horny when I'm with some guy, knowing what I'm about to do, that I just want that hard cock inside me. But I know you're out there watching and I think about what we will do later and so far that has gotten me through without going any further."
We discussed this quite often after her last encounter and seemed to decide that that would be going too far. Surprisingly, I had come to terms with her having oral sex with other guys, no longer feeling pain in my gut when she takes some guy's hard cock in her mouth, although the intimacy of her passionately kissing guys and having them do whatever they want to her except fuck her still bothers me some. I can't figure out why seeing her kissing some guy seems to intimate yet sucking his cock does nothing but turn me on.
Eventually we went back to the bar with the dance floor and gazebo outside hoping the same guy would not be there. It was kind of an unspoken rule to try to avoid more than one encounter with the same guy. As luck would have it he was not there but there were plenty more willing participants and she danced with many of them over the course of a couple of hours. I could only imagine how horny she was getting I know I sure was.
Finally, I got the thumbs up and out I went to take up my position in the shrubs. Just as I was settling in they entered hand in hand up on the gazebo and immediately began making out. She must have really worked herself into a state with all those guys pressing their hard cocks against her a feeling her ass and anything else they could get away with because the level of passion I was seeing seemed way more than usual.
I had taken to calling these guys her lovers since that seemed more fitting and more decadent than friend. This particular lover seemed more aggressive than most and was soon licking and sucking, even lightly biting her nipples while one hand was pulled her short skirt up to her waste exposing her bare pantiless pussy. When did that happen I wondered, was this all planned?
He now had one and the two fingers in her pussy and was aggressively finger fucking her, driving her into a frenzy. Usually her lover of the moment would have his cock out by now but this guy hadn't taken it out yet. Kari apparently was too impatient to wait and took it upon herself to undo his pants and pull them as well as his underwear down exposing a rather large thick hard cock which she immediately took in hand and guided it into her mouth.
He enjoyed that, duh, for a bit and then pushed her off him, laid her back in the seat and prepared to impale her with his big cock. I had, as before, crept up to the edge of the gazebo where I had a fantastic view of all of this and now my heart was in my throat wondering what Kari would do. Wondering also what I wanted her to do.
She made the usual, if less sincere, protests of having a husband and she sort of tried to get up to give him her usual blowjob. He was determined to fuck her it seemed and she was not fighting as hard as usual, did she want him to fuck her? He had his cock right at the entrance to her pussy when she locked eyes with me with a questioning and lustful look on her face. Did she want me to put my seal of approval on this? This was all so incredible and such a turn on but how can I watch my wife get fucked by another guy? I had to answer soon as his cock was actually touching her pussy lips and it would soon be a moot point.
I looked her straight in the eye and nodded my head yes.
The look on her face said it all. Relief, lust, she was finally going to get fucked by a stranger. Unfortunately, it was rather awkward with her on the bench so he had her get up at which time she looked at me again with the questioning expression. Did she want me to stop this or did she want to get fucked by this guy. I was torn as to which way to go and in the end just stood there like a statue as she turned around, bent over the seat to grasp the rail and spread her legs as much as possible while he came up behind her and, without preamble, drove his cock to the hilt of my wife's pussy.
So there it was. I suppose it was inevitable from the beginning that eventually some guy she picked up would fuck her, she just got so horny playing our little game. And fuck her he did! He probably had no more stamina than the next guy (me?) but he fucked her furiously for a good ten minutes bringing her to a huge orgasm along the way. That was the hardest part for me, watching a stranger's cock make her cum. It got even worse when that rarity of a second orgasm hit her just as he began shooting his load deep inside her at which time my own cock erupted all over the side of the gazebo. That must have been quite a sight as all three of us came at the same time only I was the only one who knew it.
It was all a bit humiliating when I stopped to think about it. Here was some guy, a stranger at that, shooting his spunk in my wife's pussy while I'm left to jerk off there at the side of the gazebo.
When it was finally over and he rearranged his clothing he said, "Tell your husband thanks, assuming that's who's hiding in the shrubs."
My face must have turned twenty shades of red at that and then he turned, saluted in my direction and left.
If I hadn't just cum I would have jumped her right there, for some irrational reason I wanted to fuck her while her pussy was full of another man's cum but by the time we got home I was ready again and she had managed to keep his cum in her at my request. What a feeling it is to fuck a freshly fucked pussy, so slippery and hot, we recounted the nights "high" points as we fucked and she was so hot I got her off an unheard of three times, the last just as I was cumming in her.
Afterwards we talked about how things turned out the way they did and she told me she was so turned on by the time his cock was touching her pussy lips and what a cock it was, that had there been ten guys there she would have fucked every one of them. If I had shook my head no at the last minute she didn't think she would have been able to stop anyway.
Later, we went for another round of sex as I whispered in her ear where we could find those ten guys to fuck her. Probably after the tenth guy finished the first guy would be ready to go again. All of this talk got her more an more turned on and having already unloaded twice that night I was good to go for a while bringing her to three more incredible orgasms, some kind of record for one night!
I couldn't help to wonder how long that record would stand considering our ensuing talks of a major gangbang.
Oh, well, that's a story for another day!