It had been a weird few weeks for Todd since his new step mum and stepsister moved in with his dad and him. While it meant there were more people around the house now meaning it was harder to find time to watch his neighbour Kayleigh, and not get caught doing so, his step mum Joanne and her daughter Megan both had a thing about walking around the house wearing very little.
Being shy and awkward around women anyway, seeing Joanne walk around in underwear made him look away quickly. Partly it was not wanting to get caught looking by his dad, not knowing what his reaction would be, and partly because she was his new mother figure and it felt so wrong. He knew she was around the same age as his dad, so also the same age as Kayleigh, but it didn't make it any easier when she bounded past him non-plussed and not trying to cover up.
Megan was a different reason. Not only did he think she was beautiful, but he also struggled to contain his excitement and had to hide his growing erection each time he saw her half-naked. Both of the women seemed to like black underwear, in fact, Todd didn't think he'd seen either in another colour. The difference between them was that Megan, at twenty-one years old a couple of years older than Todd, seemed to go out of her way to seek him out to gauge his reaction to her, laughing at him blushing or turning away.
Going to college one morning he'd written a hastily scrawled note to Kayleigh and pushed it through her door. Since the dildo show she'd put on for him, he'd been watching out for her, but had to keep dodging away hearing footsteps coming upstairs, and felt the need to let her know why. She sent him a text saying she'd seen the very pretty redhead so knew his attention would be on her, Todd quickly replied that she was his stepsister. The reply was a smiley emoji and a winking face emoji.
He only had college in the morning, and getting home in the early afternoon he thought he'd have the house to himself for once. He was wrong. Walking in he could hear music, and walked towards the sound. It was coming from the rear garden. He walked out and gasped out loud.
Megan lay on a lounger, legs spread on either side of it, soaking up the sun. She had on a black thong, pulled tight between her legs, and a pair of sunglasses. Her nipples were erect, beads of sweat dripping down from her chin and down through her cleavage. Her breasts were perfectly round and firm. Megan watched on as Todd stared at her open-mouthed.
"Nice aren't they?" she giggled.
"Erm, yeah I suppose," Todd answered.
"You suppose? How rude. These bad boys make heads turn I'll have you know, covered or uncovered," Megan laughed as she spoke, "Oh yeah, I bet you haven't seen many have you, your dad says he thinks you're still a virgin," she continued.
"No, I'm not, I've had sex," Todd said a little angrily, "well, twice anyway," he continued, his voice trailing off as he finished.
He looked around the garden, realising how open it was. There was a small four-foot hedge on one side, and a wire fence along the other.
"Aren't you bothered about the neighbours watching?" he asked.
"Not really, and they already have been, although they were trying to hide that they were spying on me. The one that side has been weeding the same bit of garden for thirty minutes now," she laughed, saying it loud enough for him to hear.
The neighbour looked up now, realising the game was up, and waved and grimaced as he plodded back into his house.
"Poor old man was going to have a heart attack if he'd stared for much longer," Megan giggled.
Todd went to walk back inside the house.
"Aren't you going to stay out with me for a while?" Megan asked.
Todd shook his head no.
"Ah, you're going for a wank aren't you?" Megan laughed again as he strolled away.
Todd played video games for a while, it was Saturday the next day so it didn't surprise him when his dad said Joanne and he were going to friends for drinks so would probably stay over and travel back tomorrow, and that Megan was meeting someone that night so would be back but late. As he left Todd's bedroom the smile on Todd's face couldn't have been any bigger.
As it started to get dark he left his curtains open and opened his door a little letting the light from the landing in a bit. He knew standing in his window now the light behind him made him stand out more. It wasn't long before Kayleigh appeared, saw Todd standing on his bed, smiled and started to undress. Looking over at Todd she put on a white bodysuit, crotchless so she could leave it on, and took out the suction dildo and put it onto her headboard. She liked this position now, she could slide onto the dildo, her heavy breasts swinging about as she rode the dildo, arms stretched behind her holding the top of the headboard. This position arched her back too and the dildo pressed against her inner walls. It also meant she was half side on to Todd, so he could see the dildo sliding in and out.
Todd had quickly undressed and stood on his bed, erection in hand, watching the show set out before him. It had become a regular occasion now, but Todd knew tonight would be better with no interruptions. He watched Kayleigh's face contort as the pleasure raced through her body, watching her swinging breasts, and had a little pang of jealousy that he wasn't inside her instead of the dildo. Deep down he knew this was mutual masturbation, enjoying watching each other, satisfying both of their needs, but full sex wasn't going to happen. He also knew it would probably end when she started seeing someone else, and he intended to make the most of however much time he had.
Todd concentrated on Kayleigh that much he didn't hear the front door open quietly. He didn't hear someone tiptoeing upstairs thinking he was asleep. He didn't hear as they entered his room seeing the door open a little. He didn't hear as they snuck around his bed.
"Oh fuck she's hot," Megan said.
Todd jumped and shouted, covering his erection as best he could. Across the road Kayleigh had her eyes closed as she rode the dildo.
"What the fuck are you doing?" Todd shouted.
"She is really hot," Megan answered, not taking her eyes off Kayleigh, "Does she know you watch her?"
"Yes she does," Todd blurted out.
"You lucky bastard," Megan answered.
Todd stared as she pulled her tight top over her head, then quickly unclasped and threw to the floor her bra. She slipped off her trainers and pushed down her skirt. Todd gasped again as she had no knickers on.
"Ooops, I forgot I'd taken them off, if only he knew how horny I was while we were out," Megan giggled.
Megan climbed up onto the bed next to Todd, her five feet six-inch slim body looking small compared to his six-foot torso. She looked at Todd, then back to Kayleigh.
"Is this so she can see you too?" she asked.
"Erm yeah," Todd muttered.
Megan slid one hand down between her legs and the other tweaked at her nipples. She groaned as her hand found its spot, rubbing across her clit.
"Oh fuck she is really hot isn't she?" she said between moans, "Aren't you going to carry on then?" she continued.
Todd started stroking again. Now he was in two minds, this beautiful redhead was masturbating right next to him, but Kayleigh was over the road. He gazed over as she stopped riding the dildo momentarily, opened her eyes properly, and saw two people in the window instead. Staring over she realised who it was, now she had two people masturbating over her. She started to ride the dildo again, this time putting a hand between her legs to rub her clit too.
Megan arched her back watching the blonde lady fucking herself. She knew she'd been turned on earlier, but not how much. She came hard, making Todd jump again as her body shook and she collapsed down onto the bed. Seeing her climax tipped Kayleigh over the edge and she came, pushing right back onto the dildo as she convulsed, her mouth open wide as she groaned loudly. Todd's hand was a blur now, and just as he was about to cum her heard Megan move on the bed. He felt a hand grip his other wrist as he tried to twist away, and started to cum. He heard Megan cry out as his load shot across her breasts, some hitting her chin. He was shocked but couldn't stop cumming, splash after splash cascading over her body.
He felt guilty that he hadn't noticed she was lying there and waiting for her rage, but instead, she smiled up at him while scooping up his semen and feeding it into her mouth, slurping on her fingers hungrily.
"I can't believe you've only had sex twice, you have a nice cock," Megan broke the awkward silence, "but don't get any ideas about fucking me just because that just happened," she giggled.
She stood up, looked over at Kayleigh, and blew her a kiss. She saw Kayleigh smile back.
"She thinks you're really hot too," Todd said.
Megan looked at him a little puzzled, asking how he knew. Todd explained about having to say she wasn't his new girlfriend but his stepsister, Megan smiling broadly.
"So, you think I have a chance with her then?" she asked.
Now it was Todd's turn to look puzzled.
"Oh, I sleep with men or women, depending on what mood I'm in," Megan replied, sashaying out of Todd's room as she went to shower.
Todd spent the night dreaming, this time he was standing naked on the landing, masturbating with a view of Megan in her bedroom and Kayleigh at her house, both of them spreadeagled on their beds using a dildo for his viewing pleasure. That, coupled with last night's antics, had him quickly removing all his bedding and putting them in the washer the next morning before his dad saw the state they were in. He switched on the washer and went back upstairs, bumping into Megan on the way out of the kitchen. She mumbled a 'morning' to him before doing her breakfast. Nothing was said about the previous evening. He looked out for Kayleigh that evening but she wasn't about.
Sunday came around and his dad asked if he wanted to go with him and Joanne, they were going up into the hills and then going for something to eat. Finding out Megan wasn't going, Todd made his excuses to stay home. After her cold greeting, he wasn't expecting much, but it had got to be better than walking around the countryside all day.
He was playing video games when Megan came into his room and asked if he was going out anywhere. Telling her no, she walked out but left his bedroom door wide open. He went to get up to shut it but was in the middle of winning a race and he didn't want to pause the game. He was soon glad he didn't as he saw Megan walk across the landing slowly, fully naked holding a towel. Her pert round arse smiled at him as it swayed, Todd instantly feeling blood rush to his loins. His lack of concentration made his car crash and the race was lost.
He listened to the sound of the shower and imagined the droplets of water flowing down Megan's body, her hands rubbing soap lather all over her body, taking longer than needed to wipe over her breasts and between her legs. All thoughts of gaming were gone now, and he released his cock from his shorts. He closed his eyes and stroked slowly, her eyes closed and soft moans escaping from her as his hands replaced hers in his thoughts.
He didn't hear the shower turn off, and only just got his cock back in his shorts again as he heard the bathroom door open. Megan strolled towards him, making no attempt to cover herself up, the towel loose in her hand as she turned to look at Todd, a huge smile on her face. Fuck, she was hot. He heard her go into her bedroom, not closing the door. He was in two minds, he could sneak to his door and peek around at her maybe? Go to the toilet so he could see her on the way back?
He heard Megan call out for him, and asked what she wanted.
"Come in here a bit, I need your opinion," she asked.
Todd stood, adjusting his shorts to try to disguise his semi-erection, and walked into her room. She sat on the edge of the bed still naked, wardrobe and drawers open and underwear all over the bed.
"I have a hot date later and I want to impress. If I try things on can you tell me what looks best on me please?" Megan asked.
"You could wear a black bin bag and look good," Todd blurted out.
Megan laughed, telling him she needed to look sexy and a black bin bag wasn't the vibe she was going for. She stood and turned around, her buttocks parting as he leaned forward to pick something off the bed. Predictably it was black. Todd watched on as she slipped on a basque, watching him as she adjusted the cups. She sat on the corner of the bed, legs parted on either side, her pussy teasing him right on the edge of the bed. She lifted each leg in turn, sliding black stockings on. Fastening them to the basque, she stood and twirled around.
"Too much?" she asked, stopping with her arse facing Todd.
Todd couldn't answer, simply shaking his head no. Megan laughed again. She took off the basque and replaced it with a black lace bodystocking. She lay back and hitched her legs up, revealing it to be crotchless.
"Too slutty?" she asked, "Don't answer, it is too much for a first date," she continued.
Todd looked at her pleadingly, If the date wouldn't like it he certainly did. His cock tented in his shorts, Megan seemingly not noticing. The next item was perfect. A black and cherry red matching thong, suspender belt and a half cup bra pushed her already firm breasts together and up. Her very nice cleavage was now magnificent. Todd smiled and gave her a thumbs-up, giving her his seal of approval.
"Have you never thought about fucking Kayleigh? I mean asking if you can, not imagining you are," Megan quizzed.
"Erm, no. I enjoy watching her and I assume she likes showing off for me, I didn't want to spoil things before it ends anyway," Todd answered.
"Ends how?"Megan asked.
"Well if she meets someone else she might not be bothered about me anymore. Why do you ask anyway?" Todd replied.
"Oh, just curious," Megan smiled. "Did you enjoy cumming on my tits last night?" she giggled.
Todd blushed.
"Yes, but I don't think we should be doing things together," he mumbled.
"Relax, our parents aren't married yet so we're not related, I don't think so anyway. And it's not like I'm gonna fuck you is it?" Megan said.
She peeled off the underwear and slipped the bodystocking back on. She lay back resting on her elbows, following Todd's gaze.
"You really like my pussy or is it just any pussy you like looking at? she laughed.
"It's the first one I've seen with no pubic hair," Todd explained.
" I can see how much you like it," Megan giggled, pointing at his crotch, "drop your shorts, Todd, show me how much."
Todd didn't need much persuading seeing her body encased in nylon, it was a relief as his cock was straining to be unleashed from its tight constraints. He slid his shorts and boxers down to his ankles and automatically started stroking. Megan groaned quietly.
"Have you ever watched a woman masturbate for you? Like right in front of you, not over the road?" she asked.
Todd shook his head no, too busy concentrating on Megan's pale pink inner thighs. Megan asked him to pause, reached up and grabbed the four pillows at the top of her bed and used them to prop herself up. Now she could see Todd's erection without resting on one arm. She reached down and slid a finger through her wet folds, moaning as she did so. She did so a few times, then slid two fingers into herself. Todd groaned loudly.
"Oh fuck, I'm gonna need another shower before going out," Megan muttered.
She paced her fingering with Todd's hand movements, telling him to let her know when he was going to cum.
"I'm not trying to rush you," she panted, "but I haven't got all night."
You watched him intently, urging him on in her mind. Normally she'd prolong things but she wanted to cum before going out, in case things didn't go her way later on. Todd was stroking a little too casually for her liking, so she decided to ramp things up a little. Taking her fingers out, she made herself cry out as she slid them into her arse, just the wetness of her fingers and the little bit of her pussy juice that had seeped down into her arse lubing her up. Todd gripped his cock tighter.
"Oh fuck that's hot," he cried out.
Megan slid her fingers in as fast as she could now, urging him on, telling him she was imagining his cock in there. That did the trick, Todd telling her he was nearly there. Now Megan had to make a quick decision. If she let Todd come on her tits again she would need to shower, even with the bodystocking on, but watching him shoot on the floor would be a waste. Quickly she sat up, impaling her fingers tight into her arsehole.
"Cum in my mouth," she urged, opening her mouth wide and sticking her tongue out as she finished speaking, just inches from his cock.
Todd somehow stroked quicker hearing that, and soon he started to cum, holding his cock still right by her tongue, spurt after spurt flooding her mouth. He grunted as he came, his legs shaking, and then starting to relax he saw Megan gulp his semen down her throat and lick her lips clean.
"Right, out now so I can get ready," she demanded.
Todd looked at her to see if she meant it, and she casually waved him away. He quickly picked up his shorts and walked back to his room, taking a last look behind him as Megan was pulling on her stockings. He didn't hear anything else until she shouted she'd see him later, laughing as she said it, and he heard the front door close.
He had a couple of hours until it started getting dark, Kayleigh's car wasn't there anyway. With nobody else at home he hadn't got dressed, he'd put shorts and a t-shirt at the bottom of his bed to quickly pull on if his dad and Joanne got back. He was playing video games but getting bored, walking across the landing to use the toilet he wondered what it would be like to come out and find them back, having to get back to his bedroom naked. He couldn't decide if his dad would be furious or laugh it off if Joanne saw him. He wondered how Joanne herself would react.
Would she be upset? Would she pretend to be shocked but secretly look at his cock? Walking out of the toilet he stood at the top of the stairs. Looking down faced almost directly at the front door. If it opened he'd have to react quickly and quietly to get into his room before being seen. His cock grew as he stood there thinking about it. He turned and looked into Megan's room, the bodystocking still lying on her bed. He walked over, picked it up, and went back to the stairs.
The bodystocking felt nice in his hands, he stroked over the material. He lifted it to his face, he could still smell Megan on it. It felt like stockings, rubbing his hands over it made his cock jerk. He took the bodystocking and rubbed it over his chest, feeling his nipples harden underneath. His hand wandered down, over his stomach, down to his erection. Gripping with his nylon-clad hand it felt a little stranger than normal. He started stroking, his pre-cum wetting the material. His hand wandered down and he squeezed gently on his balls. He lay the bodystocking over himself like he was wearing it.
Sitting back on the top step he started to masturbate, twisting his head to look into Megan's room he could see himself in her full-length mirror. He rested back onto one elbow, still stroking as he watched himself, then placed the bodystocking across his face. He heard a notification sound from his phone. It could wait, he was busy.
Todd knew he was getting close to cumming and started stroking faster. He realised he had no tissue, but didn't want to move. He had an image in his head of Joanne walking in now, catching him just as he came, and he stroked faster still. Grunting loudly, he started to cum, spurts flying down the stairs. Just as he'd finished, he heard a key in the door.
Fuck! Shit! Was it Megan? Was it his dad and Joanne? Quickly he stumbled across the landing and jumped across his bed, getting in and pulling the duvet right over himself, making sure only his head was visible, the bodystocking clutched in his hand. A few seconds later his dad entered.
"Oh hi, I didn't realise you were in bed, we thought we heard you moving about," his dad said.
"I've just come back from the toilet," Todd lied.
"Okay I'll leave you to it, we've had a great day and even found a great place to sunbathe," his dad replied, grinning.
Phew, that was close. Todd waited for him to close the door downstairs before he put on some shorts and tiptoed quietly into Megan's room, putting the bodystocking back on the floor where he'd had it from. He quietly went back to his room and lay down running things back through his head. Checking his phone, his notification had been from his dad saying they'd be back in five minutes.
Twenty minutes later he heard a car outside. He got up and looked out of the window, to see Kayleigh opening her front door. Todd quickly ran over and opened his door a little, letting some light in from the landing. He moved back over and knelt on his bed. Kayleigh's landing light was on, then her bedroom door opened and she switched on the light. Walking around the bed to the window, looking directly at Todd, she started to undress. She had on a cocktail dress and unzipped it, then slid it off her shoulders. She reached behind and undid her bra, revealing her heavy breasts to her now captive audience of one.
Todd saw movement behind her. On the landing, he saw someone walk out of her bathroom, and move into the bedroom. Kayleigh turned to look at them. Did she have another man there while stripping for Todd? He saw a familiar-looking black and cherry red underwear set. That wasn't a man. They kissed passionately and moved back by the window. Breaking apart, Todd saw short red hair and Megan smiling over at him.
To be continued...