Cheryl and I walked to the party hand in hand with smiles on both our faces. Me because I had just received an amazing blowjob from Cheryl back in her dorm room as her roommate Kim had stripped naked and watched, and Cheryl because she had done the deed and that guilty "cat that ate the canary" look and smile on her face. I was also smiling knowing that she was bound to be horny later after sucking me off and the next few hours of drinking. Sucking my cock always got her wet, and a I was hoping that I'd get some more tonight.
We got to the party and it was already packed. The music was loud and everyone had beers in their hands. After about 30 seconds I heard someone shout my name. I turned to see Jamie walking towards us to greet us and took our coats. He made it a point to help Cheryl off with her coat. Like most men he towered over her, and he stood behind her holding her coat and ogling her. Cheryl wiggled out of the sleeves as he looked down her low cut blue top at the valley of cleavage between her huge melons that swelled out from her chest and checked out her ass in her tight jeans from behind. He was such a bastard. But I couldn't blame him. The top she was wearing was showing off every curve. And Cheryl had curves to die for.
"Glad you two could make it." he shouted over the music.
"Beers are in the fridge. Megan is around here somewhere. She was hoping you'd come."
Jamie left to go mingle with the rest of the crowd and disappeared into the mass of people at the house party. We headed for the fridge to get some beer.
Megan was Jamie's girlfriend. She was a brunette with olive skin and hair down to the middle of her back. She had brown eyes and wore glasses which made her look smart, which she truly was. And she had a really nice smile. She always dressed in baggy clothes. Always hoodies or tops that didn't show much, and she only wore pants and long dresses or skirts. So it was rare to get a good look at her body. But on rare occasions she would wear something that confirmed she had a nice body under there. She wasn't athletic but was slender built, nice hips, a really nice rack, especially for a girl that skinny. Not as big as Cheryl's tits but definitely D cups. And she definitely had nice legs. It was always a treat on the rare occasions when she decided to flaunt her body.
We got our beers and sat down, chatting with friends and listening to the music. Just then Megan came up and greeted us with a big smile and a hug and kiss on the cheek for both of us. I didn't mind at all as I felt her D cups pressed against my upper abs as she hugged me.
We chatted for a while. and we were just having a great time catching up as we continued drinking. Cheryl was in rare form and was already starting to get tipsy as she already had a few beers in her. I saw some friends from one of my classes across the room so I gave Cheryl a kiss and grabbed my beer and went to go chat with them. She was already engrossed in a conversation with Megan so she didn't mind.
I migrated over across the room and was talking to my friends for a bit. Eventually Jamie came over and all us guys got talking about sports and women and stuff. Occasionally I would look over at Cheryl and thought about how gorgeous she looked. Her cute face and beautiful long sandy blonde hair cascading down her shoulders to her low cut, tight fitting blue top that showed off her curves. Down to her tiny waist and flaring hips that filled out her jeans very nicely. I still often wondered how I was able to get a girl like her. But I'm glad I did. Megan had on jeans and a hoodie, but her auburn hair looked amazing tonight and it was just nice to watch them talk and laugh.
Since I left, a number of guys had gathered around Cheryl and Megan, trying to talk to them. Most of the guys at the party knew that they were both spoken for, but occasionally random guys would come and try to flirt with them but the girls would just brush them aside. That was one of the hot things about Cheryl. She was beautiful but she didn't know that she was beautiful. It seemed like any guy in that room would have given their left nut to go home with her that night and sink their dick into her. That turned me on that other guys wanted her so badly but she was mine.
Just then Jamie came up behind me.
"Look at all those assholes trying to sink their dicks in our girlfriends."
I turned to him and smiled. "I can't blame them. Im ready to bust a nut right now just looking at them."
Cheryl and Megan kept talking and occasionally made eye contact with us from across the room. I could tell that Cheryl was getting really drunk. She got close to Megan and started talking in her ear about something so no one else could hear. Whatever it was brought a smile to Megan's face and her cheeks got beet red and they both looked at me. I waved at them and they both started laughing. Did Cheryl tell her about the blowjob she had just given me before we came over? My suspicions were confirmed when Megan looked over at me a put her hand in front of her mouth with the tip of her thumb and index fingers together and opened her mouth as if she were sucking a cock. Cheryl hit her in the arm and they started laughing.
I could feel my face getting red so I told Jamie I was going to get another beer. He came with me and we ended up in the kitchen talking sports and playing a few rounds of pong in the next room. After a while we heard some hollering and whistling coming from the other room and the music got turned up loud. Something was going on so Jamie and I went to check it out.
When we got there we saw four girls, including Cheryl and Megan, standing on the bar dancing. Cheryl was swaying her hips back and forth and gyrating to the music. As the music got faster she tossed her hair from side to side and her huge tits were bouncing rhythmically to the music. Since her blue top was so tight everyone could tell her bra was fighting a losing battle trying to contain her breasts.
Megan was dancing too and was dropping low on the bar and running her hands up and down Cheryl's leg. Cheryl got into it and held the back of Megan's head as if she was going to push Megan's head into her crotch. Megan played along and grabbed Cheryl's ass as she knelt before her. The crowd loved it and cheered louder. Cheryl reached down and pulled Megan's hoodie over her head. Megan resisted initially but eventually relented and let her hoodie get pulled off, revealing a nice red tank top underneath that went nicely with her jeans. She stood up at this point and Megan and Cheryl danced together, occasionally grinding against each other to the music. It was hot to watch them dance close, their two pairs of tits occasionally rubbing against each other even though it was mostly accidental.
Jamie's eyes were glued to the scene and he was recording it on his phone. "Oh my God I'll be jerking off to this all week."
This behavior was a little unusual for Cheryl so I figured she must be completely hammered and I decided I better go get her before she falls off the bar and hurts herself. I helped her and Megan get down, taking occasional boos from the crowd that were enjoying the show. Both girls were laughing and smiling and Cheryl fell into my arms all sweaty.
She looked at me with glazed over eyes. "I think I'm a little drunk."
"Yeah just a little." I said, smiling at her. I had a good buzz going but was nowhere near as drunk as her.
"Let's get our coats and get home."
I found our coats and we walked back to the dorm, Cheryl leaning on me the whole way. She could barely walk straight.
"That was so fun." She said as we stumbled along.
I smiled. "That was a good time. We should go to their parties more often. You and Megan were putting on quite a show."
Cheryl giggled. "We had a few drinks and then those guys asked us to get on the bar and dance. So we did."
"We'll they got a good eye full of you tonight."
"Well I wanted you to see it." Cheryl continued "Megan is so nice. And so pretty. Can we go back there next weekend?"
I laughed. "We can if they invite us. Right now I'm just trying to get you home."
"Me too babe. I'm horny. Take me home and fuck me. I've been wet for hours."
"Ok baby."
I smiled to myself because I was hoping she'd want to fuck.
I had so many questions. Was she horny because she sucked me off before the party? Or because she was drunk? Or because she was grinding on Megan? Did she get off on all those guys watching her? So many questions.
As we got to the entrance to the building I wondered if Kim was still up. She had looked so sexy standing there naked earlier today. Our dirty little secret. So hot.
As we reached the door to her room I fumbled in my pocket for the keys. We made a lot of noise as I struggled to hold a very drunk Cheryl so she didn't fall and get my keys out of my pocket. Cheryl was talking and laughing as I struggled. As I finally got the key in the lock and started to turn it I heard the dead bolt slide and unlock as Kim opened the door from the inside. She opened the door just a bit to make sure it was us, then opened it wider, her cute face becoming illuminated by the lights in the hallway.
"Hi roomie!" shouted Cheryl, slurring her words as she saw Kim and gave her a big hug.
Kim smiled, returning the hug and spoke with the much clearer and articulate words of a sober person.. "Hi there roomie." Kim looked at me as they hugged we came in the door. "Wow, somebody's had a few drinks tonight."
"Yeah you might say that." I quipped back. "She was in rare form tonight but we had fun. I hope we didn't wake you up."
"No that's ok I was just laying here binge watching some shows."
The room was kind of dark. But from the light from the TV I could see that Kim was still wearing that pink negligee that she put on before we left for the party. She looked so sexy. It was mostly silk but in parts pretty shear and you could see her tight midsection through it. It was short and came down just below her ass and showed off those amazing legs.
I got our coats off and started undressing Cheryl because I wasn't sure if she was going to pass out or not. It wasn't clear if I was getting her ready for bed or ready to fuck, but all doubt was alleviated after I pulled her blue top over her head and she responded by wrapping her arms and legs around me and kissing me. Kim watched silently as Cheryl kissed me deeply and ground into me wearing just her jeans and her black bra. Her tits looked amazing in that bra and pressed into my chest and soon my hands were all over them as she kissed me and ran her fingers through my hair.
We fell onto Cheryl's bed and continued making out. Initially Kim was behind me so I couldn't see what she was doing but eventually she quietly came around to the side and sat in the desk chair next to the bed. We made eye contact briefly and she gave me that cute smile. She knew she had permission to watch as long as she didn't join in.
I reached behind Cheryl and unhooked the three clasps of her bra and pulled it down off her shoulders and threw it to the side. It accidentally landed on Kim's lap and she took it and folded it neatly and put it aside. I don't think Kim knew what she was supposed to do. Should she stay there next to us or move back to her bed or what should she do?
I kissed down Cheryl's neck and my mouth immediately went to her breasts. Kissing then all over. Her nipples were rock hard and she moaned as I sucked on them. I moved back and forth between the left and right nipples as I squeezed her tits together. I moaned into her tit flesh as I started to get worked up. I could suck her tits for hours if she'd let me.
Out of the corner of my eye I saw Kim sitting there watching us, staring at me as if almost in a trance, as I devoured Cheryl's breasts. Almost unconsciously, her right hand had slipped into the top of her negligée and had pulled her left tit out and she was rubbing the nipple, pinching the already engorged bud between her thumb and forefinger.
I kissed down Cheryl's stomach and unbuttoned her jeans, pulling them and her black lace thong down in one hard motion past her knees and to her ankles, making Cheryl gasp with surprise. I layed her clothes to the side and spread her legs and knelt on the floor between them while Cheryl lay on the bed, now completely naked. I put my hands on each side of her hips and put my face between her legs, licking up and down her labia.
"Mmmmmmmmmm. Omg that's so good. Yes Brett lick my pussy." Cheryl moaned and writhed on the bed as I went down on her.
I put my tongue inside her and tasted her sweet nectar, her juices coating my tongue and coating my lips. I thrust my tongue in and out of her like a small cock, and grabbed her ass cheeks from underneath. I licked up and down between her labia, avoiding her clit for now as I wanted to tease her.
Cheryl had her head back, enjoying my manipulations of her delicious cunt, her eyes closed and her mouth open as I nibbled and sucked on her labia. As I looked up at her from my vantage point, all I could see was her two mountainous breasts protruding from her chest, with hard nipples at the summit of each peak. And her cute face between them with expressions of ecstasy. I licked up and grazed my tongue over her swollen clit. She moaned loudly, obviously not worrying about anyone in the hallway hearing us.
"Omg Brett yes. Fuck yes. Right there! Lick my clit please."
I liked when she would beg for me to do things to her so I took her hard clit into my mouth. She purred with pleasure and looked over at Kim. Kim had completely lowered the top of her nighthown down to her waist, exposing both her tits and her hand had gone between her legs as she watched us.
Cheryl stared at her and moaned.
"You look so beautiful right now." Cheryl said as she stared into Kim's eyes. "Come over here next to me."
Kim came over to the bed and layed down next to her and Cheryl snuggled against Kim's left shoulder as I continued to lick and suck Cheryl's clit, feeling it get harder as I played with it.
One of Kim's hands was between her own closed legs. Her nightgown had ridden up over her hips and she was rubbing her own naked pussy without interruption as she writhed on the bed next to Cheryl.
This was the first time I had seen them laying together topless. And the contrast was not lost on me. Kim's skin was much paler than Cheryl's olive colored skin. Kim's shoulder length brown hair mingled with Cheryls longer, sandy blonde hair as they cuddled together. My eyes were treated to two sets of amazing tits. Kim's were about C cups but nicely shaped with no sag at all and looked larger thanks to her small frame. She had hard nipples that were smaller than Cheryl's and pointed straight up to the ceiling as she lay there. Cheryl's tits look gigantic next to Kim's and were round, full, and perfectly shaped, while Kim's were more perky. I could not get a good look at Kim's pussy with her hand covering it and rubbing as she was, but her long, sexy legs stretching down past me on the left was a real treat. Cheryl did not have long legs so I was not used to being so close to such a nice pair of nice, long legs.
Kim could see that I was looking at her and she looked right back at me as she rubbed her own clit. I could tell she was loving it as much as I did. We were just exhibitionists, now fully giving in to our passions.
As I sucked Cheryl's pussy, Cheryl looked over at Kim and put her hand on Kim's knee, which caused Kim to stop looking at me and make eye contact with Cheryl.
Cheryl said in a sultry voice, "Open your legs so we can see what you're doing."
Kim hesitated for a moment, suddenly feeling a little shy and insecure. But Cheryl stroked her fingers through Kim's hair and looked into her eyes lovingly.
"It's OK. We want to watch you."
Cheryl slowly pulled on Kim's leg and finally Kim slowly opens her legs and raised her knees towards her head, putting her feet flat on the mattress as she laid on her back with her legs spread. Cheryl kept her hand on Kim's knee and pulled it so that she spread her legs a little farther apart.
"That's it. That's what we want to see...." Cheryl said as she raised up a little to watch Kim masturbate.
Even though my face was between Cheryl's legs I could see what Kim was doing. With her legs spread so close to me, this was the first time I got a really good look at Kim's pussy. It was completely shaved clean and her labia were a bright pink, in stark contrast of her pale skin. Her hard clit protruded out from above the hood of her labia and for a moment I imagined how good it would be to suck on it. Some wetness was leaking from her vagina and ran down towards the crack of her ass on the bed Her right hand was between her legs, her first two fingers rubbing up and down between her labia and getting very wet, every now and then stopping to do circles around her clit or slide knuckle deep into her cunt. I was doing something similar to Cheryl's pussy with my tongue. As I continue to eat her out I could hear Cheryl's breathing and moaning becoming more erratic. I knew she was getting close to cumming.
Cheryl reached down and grabbed my head, pulling me in closer and tightly against her vulva as I sucked hard on her clit and flicked my tongue across it in a rhythmic motion the way she liked it.
"OMG you're going to make me cum. Don't stop. Don't stop!" Cheryl said to me over and over again.
She had her eyes on me and then looked towards Kim and became fixated on her as she started to climax, flooding my mouth with her sweet juices. I held my mouth against her pussy and moaned so she could feel the vibrations as I lapped up all the delicious cum that was leaking out of her. Her hips were bucking and her thighs clamped tightly around my head as her orgasm rippled through her body.
As her orgasm subsided the tension in her legs decreased and she fully relaxed, allowing my head to come up from the vice grip of her thighs. My mouth was a complete mess, covered in pussy juice.
As I looked up I saw the contented look on Cheryl's face, but to her right Kim's face was very focused on us and she had one hand between her legs with two fingers inside her, and the other hand was rubbing her own breasts and pinching her nipples. Her nipples were rock hard at this point and she was going back-and-forth between them. Her breathing was becoming shallow and I could see her abdominal muscles flexing and her hips thrusting against her hand. She started to breathe heavy as she got close to her own orgasm. Lying on her back, her legs spread, rubbing her pussy and playing with her tits, Kim was quite a sight. Here I was with these two beautiful naked women. Jamie would be so jealous.
My cock was rock hard and aching right now and all I can think about was how eager I was to also cum. Just as I got up on my knees and was about to line up my cock with the entrance to Cheryl's pussy, I looked up and noticed that Cheryl was staring intently at Kim's breasts. Kim was still playing with them as her other hand rubbed her clit. Cheryl then leaned over towards Kim and slowly grabbed her wrist, pulling her hand away from her breasts.
Looking into her eyes she said "Let me do it."
She then lowered her mouth to Kim's left nipple and took it in her mouth!
I don't know who was more surprised, me or Kim! I had never seen Cheryl like this before. She never mentioned any interest in women beyond that one time saying she was a little curious. Had dancing with Megan gotten her all worked up? I think that was definitely part of it but I was pretty convinced that it was also the alcohol that had loosened her up.
Kim gasped initially as Cheryl's mouth made contact with her skin, then moaned as she felt the warmth of Cheryl's mouth on her left breast and unconsciously arched her back, forcing more of her tit into Cheryl's mouth. Cheryl obliged, nibbling on her erect nipple then sucking, her cheeks going concave as she sucked harder. She did circles around the nipple with her tongue and kissed all around the areola, making Kim moan and rub and finger herself even faster.
Cheryl removed her lips from Kim's nipple and moved up to her face, their noses grazing each other for a moment.
I could barely hear it but I heard Cheryl whisper to Kim.
"I've never kissed a girl."
"Me neither." Kim replied with a nervous smile and a slight giggle, just before Cheryl put her lips on Kim's lips and kissed her. The kiss was gentle at first, then with more vigor as they gained confidence. Their mouths opened and their tongues met and danced around each other. Cheryl ran her fingers through Kim's hair as they continued to kiss and then put her hand on Kim's breasts, massaging them and playing with her hard nipples as Kim had done earlier. Kim kissed back but kept her hands to herself, obviously unsure of what to do.
Cheryl's lips then left Kim's mouth and kissed down her neck, towards her right nipple. She crept up on top of Kim, her own breasts hanging down and grazing Kim's left arm and left breast while she sucked Kim's right nipple into her mouth. Kim moaned again in appreciation and I could tell from her breathing and the noises she was making that she was getting close to cumming. I had heard Kim orgasm a few times now so it was unmistakable. She obviously had very sensitive nipples and her fast moving hand between her pussy was bringing her to the edge.
I was taking in this whole scene and was torn on what I should do. I really wanted to join in and help Cheryl get Kim off. She was so hot and watching Cheryl work on her was even hotter. Should I lick Kim's pussy? Should I slide my dick into Kim while Cheryl sucked her tits? All these devilish thoughts went through my mind but then I realized that I probably should not touch Kim tonight. I remembered what Cheryl had said about not wanting to have a threesome with her, and although Cheryl had initiated it, I wasn't confident that she has all her faculties together given that she was so drunk. If she were sober I might have tried it, but I didn't want to go too far and have Cheryl be mad at me once she sobered up. It was tough to resist the urge to touxh Kim, but it just didn't feel right.
But if I wasn't going to fuck Kim that night, I was definitely going to fuck Cheryl. My dick was really throbbing watching these two go at it. Cheryl was on her hands and knees sucking Kim's tits. I got up on the bed got behind her, sliding my big hard cock into her pussy from behind. Cheryl wasn't expecting it so she moaned in surprise and pleasure. The vibrations of her mouth as she moaned around Kim's nipple caused Kim to arch her back again and rub her cunt faster. I held Cheryl's hips and slid in and out of her with a deep and slow rhythm, being careful not to fuck her too hard so she could continue to keep her mouth on Kim's breasts. Cheryl liked the slow steady pace of my fucking and continued moaning and sucking, which sent Kim over the edge. Kim moaned loudly and climaxed in an intense orgasm, her juices leaking all over her rapidly rubbing fingers as her ass lifted off the bed as she rode out her orgasm. After what seemed like minutes she finally fell back on the mattress completely satisfied with her eyes glazed over.
"Oh my God. Oh...my....GOD. That was the best orgasm I ever had," purred Kim with a afterglow smile on her face.
Cheryl gave her a peck on the lips with a loud smack. Then she got up on her knees and layed down on her back with her legs spread and looked at me, her massive tits below her face.
"I'm so drunk I'm not going to be able to cum again tonight. Just fuck me like I'm your little cum slut. Use me to get off."
It may have been the alcohol talking but I loved when she talked nasty like that. There would be no more gentle fucking now.
I got on top on top of her and slid my big cock deep inside her with one hard thrust. Cheryl moaned and put her hands above her head to brace herself as I started to mercilessly pound her tight pussy with my hard cock. I held her legs and thrusted into her pussy missionary again and again, making her huge tits bounce with each thrust.
Kim lay on her side, still basking in the glow, in a fetal position watching us, the curve of her hip accentuating her hourglass figure as she lay there. I glanced at her as I thrust hard into Cheryl again and again. Kim and I made eye contact and we just stared into each other's eyes as I fucked Cheryl, with Kim's face now taking on a naughty smile of her own.
I looked back at Cheryl and held her wrists above her head for a while as I continued to fuck her. She liked to be restrained that way. Then straightened up so I could look at both her and Kim. Although I was pounding Cheryl really hard and her big tits were flopping back and forth violently, nearly hitting her in the face, Kim slowly got up on her knees and, without saying a word, leaned over and caught Cheryl's right breast in her hands and brought her mouth to Cheryl's nipple, latched on and started sucking. I knew I should have slowed down to allow her to more easily suckle on Cheryl's breast but the sight of this just made me more horny and I was too out of control at this point to slow down. I fucked Cheryl harder and faster as Cheryl moaned and put her hand on the back of Kim's head and held her mouth there. She moaned, obviously enjoying the combined sensations of my cock sliding in and out of her and her right nipple being sucked on my Kim.
"Oh my God!!!! Mmmmmmm. I can't believe it but I'm going to.........I'm cumming!!!!" yelled Cheryl as an unexpected orgasm rippled through her. She came and came as I slammed into her harder and Kim did her best to lick and suck her nipples.
At this point my cock was ready to explode so I put my hand on Kim's shoulder and moved her to the side as I crawled up and straddled Cheryl's chest and slapped it in the valley between her big tits.
Cheryl looked up at me and she knew what I wanted. She pushed her tits together making a nice tunnel of tit flesh for me to slide into as I began to titty fuck her. My cock was nice and lubed up from her pussy cumming on it only a few minutes earlier.
Kim watched me fuck Cheryl's tits as if transfixed, with a slight smile on her face.
"Damn I wish I had tits like that," Kim said, holding her own full but smaller tits in her hands and looking down at them as she squeezed them together.
Cheryl looked over at her and smiled and responded back.
"Mmmm well after tonight I really love your tits," she said.
Cheryl continued. "They hurt my back sometimes and it's hard to find clothes that fit right. But Brett likes them.".
I found it very odd that they were having girl chat while i was in the middle of doing this.
"He especially likes to fuck my tits."
Kim giggled as she watched my hard cock sliding back and forth in the tunnel between her big jugs.
"Yes I can see that," Kim said as she made eye contact with me. "He looks like he's in heaven."
I still couldn't believe the girls were having this conversation while I was on top of Cheryl sliding my cock between her tits and getting really close to cumming. But I didn't care. It was kind of sexy. And I was in my own world, using her tits to bring myself to orgasm, and I had no plans of stopping.
Cheryl looked at me. "Isn't that true, Brett? You can't get enough of titty fucking me, can you? All you think about is sliding your cock between my big breasts, right?"
"Yes it's all I think about," I growled, breathing heavy as I continued thrusting even faster.
I decided to give Cheryl some dirty talk back. "Damn your tits feel so good. I'm going to cum all over you like you're like you're a dirty little slut."
Cheryl smiled and squeezed her tits tighter around me. "Mmmmmm yes! Make me your cum slut. Give it to me! I want that hot load all over my tits and neck."
At this point I couldn't hold out any longer, and with one final thrust between her big tits, my ass muscles clenched as I gasped and began cumming. Cheryl and Kim moaned simultaneously as the first shot squirted out, which landed forcibly against Cheryl's chin and upper chest. Rope after rope of hot cum shot from my cock and splashed against Cheryl's chest and chin and throat, coating her in a pearl necklace. Cheryl instinctively closed her eyes to avoid getting an eyeful. I continued spewing and thrusting as more cum erupted from me, some of it getting on Cheryl's face. After a few more thrusts I pulled my cock out and jerked the last few drops onto her breasts, making sure to get some on her nipples.
After I was done, Cheryl looked over at Kim, who was staring at her friend now covered in semen with lust in her eyes.
"Let's see who else can act a little slutty here. Do you want to lick it off me?"
Kim smiled and gave a little purring noise as she leaned forward on her hands and knees and started licking the cum from Cheryl's chest. I watched as she knelt over Cheryl, the skin of Kim's flaring hips and her amazing ass cheeks illuminated by the light from the TV screen across the room. It was all I could do to keep from grabbing her tight ass or at least give it a nice slap, but again I didn't want to press my luck. Cheryl reached up and held Kim's hair so no cum would get in it as she licked my load from Cheryl's breasts and neck.
Kim looked right at me and stuck her tongue out, showing me it was coated with my cum. She then put her tongue back in her mouth and swallowed, then opened her mouth again to show us it was gone. she did this a few more times until Cheryl's neck, chest, and breasts were clean. Now she was the one who had that "cat who ate the canary" look on her face.
Not much was said afterwards. Cheryl crawled under the covers and fell asleep almost immediately after I got off her. I knew she needed to sleep it off and would probabky have a hangover the next morning.
I was so dizzy from the whole experience I didn't know what to say. I silently watched Kim stand up and put her tits back in her pink nightgown as she put the straps on her shoulders again and let it hang down over her hips as it was meant to fit. She walked across the room and drank a glass of water, obviously washing the last remnants of my semen down her throat.
Kim came over and gave me a hug and whispered in my ear. "Thank you for letting me be a part of that."
I smiled and hugged her back, thinking to myself that it was Cheryl who had let her be a part of it, not me. She kissed me on the cheek, licked her lips again with a smile and climbed into her bed.
We exchanged good nights and I climbed in bed next to Cheryl. We all fell into a deep sleep, wondering where do we go from here.