CHARACTERS ARE 18+
part 1 - chaste face sitting wake-up
part 2 - sister's first orgasm and brother's revenge
part 3 - sibling's deal and public classroom muffdive
part 4 - sister learns what 'anal' is
Each part is about 1000 words. You don't need to read them all to understand so feel free to skip around
Love reading comments!
---
You're laying in bed stealthily jerking off to your sister's panties.
They're pink, smooth and smell sweet from the fabric softener. They happen to be the exact pair you had sat on your face not one day earlier. She'd left them on her bed when she'd went away for the day to visit friends; probably just to tease you about what had happened.
Your large girthy cock is practically dripping precum at this point. It's beautiful veiny length is framed by two fat balls churning with cum. You're imagining holding her down by her wavy hair as you fuck her lithe frame from behind in revenge for your humiliation. You imagine her virgin cunt being filled and ruined on her brother's cock. She wouldn't tease you if she came from that; she'd probably be on her hands and knees to serve you everyday.
She bursts out the cupboard where she'd been hiding - smartphone in hand.
For a moment as her eyes trace your impressive cock still in-hand she says nothing - frozen with surprise at the monster her silly brother had been hiding all these years. Then she points a finger at you - and the panties on your face - and repeats her most annoying insult.
"Pervert!"
Her camera catches it all as you jump up and try uselessly grab it from her. Instead she presses a hand to your chest and pushes you with surprising strength back onto the bed.
"I told you I was going to train those perversions out of you. You promised me - remember? And just because I won't mention what happened last morning anymore doesn't mean I won't mention this. I'd be real nice to me starting right about now."
You swallow guiltily. If she knew what you'd been thinking about you doubt she would be nice.
Quickly she pulls off her too-tight pants. You know what's coming - she wants to sit atop her throne - with you as the queen's stool again.
She isn't wearing panties.
You have no choice but to let her as her thighs come beside your head and her stuffy ass settles down. This time she positions so she can look down at your eyes as you 'suffer'; her muff settles over your lips as her ass spills over your chin. You watch her perfect belly flex as she leans back cradling your head in her soft thighs.
Her hand finds your hair and ruffles it up roughly. "Shh naughty. A few hours of this and I'm sure you'll learn to hate it. Not everyone's butt should be attractive to you - definitely not your younger sister's. And stealing my panties to jerk off under - that's pathetic no matter how you look at it."
You can feel her nethers drip hotly on your face. However she's on you so tight it's like a seal. Her puffy lips smush apart on your mouth and you can only beg her with your eyes to let you cum. You can't help but taste her even with your pinched mouth shut tight. As you learn your sister's flavor your cock twitches a final time. Even without stimulation you're going to finish.
Her thin hand reaches behind her and grips the base of your cock tightly. You struggle crazed and unable to cum. "Nuh-uh big brother - not until you learn your cute sister isn't for playing with! I don't care how many hours that takes but it's barely been 2!" You squirm underneath her but she has you pinned down totally once again. You can feel new waves of arousal slip through her swollen lips and onto your ruined face - she's really enjoying this for someone who supposedly hates you.
She covers her mouth and tries to calm her breathing. She isn't sure how long she can endure this without relief. "We're going to have to speed this up!" She declares - shimmying forward sloppily and wrapping your soaked head with her legs. "You can breath again when you lose that shameful erection of yours!" She grins down at you then with a final shimmy covers even your eyes underneath her. Your world becomes completely of her stuffy ass and you have nothing you can do but will your arousal to go away.
As your breath runs out it only grows.
She watches as your precum becomes almost a constant thin stream - covering her hand still pinching the base of your throbbing cock. She can practically see the steam in the sunlight - her brother must be very hot inside indeed.
You're about to pass out from your sister's thighs. Worse - you can tell that you're about to finish despite her torture. It would be the final humiliation; you could never look your family in the eyes again if they knew you'd sooner fall unconscious under your sister's butt than not love it. Desperately you part your lips and your tongue shoots out. With a long pervasive lick you scoop up her juices from taint to swollen clit.
Her thighs tense so hard you think your face might be crushed. For a moment she lifts off you enough to breath in air. Everything smells of her when you're this close and intimate.
"You ass!" She complains. "No-one's ever touched me down there before. Did you really just lick me?" She straddles your face once again but you've discovered her weakness. More punishing lashes of your tongue have her almost sobbing atop you as she still refuses to get up. You trace around and then across her lips - teasingly nearing her more sensitive parts. Occasionally you pause to scoop up all her arousal that gathers - if only to keep breathing. Pressing into her entrance her eyes widen as she realizes her brother had just taken her virginity. You don't hesitate to tongue fuck her tight hole wondering how it would ever fit your cock inside it. She feels something building all over her body but she doesn't know what to do or how to stop it. You know what you want instead.
You withdraw for a long tortuous moment without movement. Slowly you move up as she gibbers non-sensical complaints. You flick her clit with your tongue.
She orgasms immediately. She shuts up as it intensifies to an almost-torture; your lips suck on her girly nub as your tongue flicks it quickly and cruelly. Her entire body shakes as the waves of pleasure ruin her dignity. She doesn't want it to end - she wants to keep you under her for as long as she lives.
In her distraction you slip out from under her. She lets go of your now-engorged cock as you shove her down in front of you and kneel over her gorgeous form.
Your untouched length finally lets loose. You aim over her winking pussy until it's covered in a white glaze then grab her arms and move over her face. You cum longer and harder than you ever have before. Your hot strings land across her cheeks and panting lips - you know she's gotten a taste - even making a mess of her hair. Almost unconsciously her hand reaches for your sensitive pulsing balls and massages them gently. She coaxes out the rest of your gift into an open mouth and stuck-out tongue - looking like a whore.
You snatch up her smartphone as you finish. She falls back - her first orgasm slowing as well. You snap a photo of her messy face and a short video of her lying back. She's so out of it she barely realizes.
"Enjoy the new look princess" You mock while turning her phone screen to her. "White looks good on you - shows us all what a slut you are inside." She blushes and you toss the phone beside her - she'll have to look at those and delete them herself later.
You leave her in a shameful heap on the bed. You think it's over after this as she realizes it's only begun.