Rachel called me. I'd only dropped her off at her place a few hours ago, so I knew she should be at work.
"I'm bored," she said.
"Aren't you at work?"
"Yes, but I'm working the phones and the counter, and it's quiet."
"And...?"
"Well, can you come over and entertain me?"
"Who else is there?"
"Rob's cooking, and Sean's out delivering. Everybody else went home."
"Can't you play with Rob?"
"I feel bad about not getting you off at the bar."
"Fine," I said, "I'll come over."
I grabbed my GoPro, just in case, and headed over to the pizza place.
When I got there, I could see her at the counter. As I went through the door, she lifted the barrier and I went through.
She was wearing a plain yellow T-shirt and jeans, and came and hugged me.
"Oh good," she said, "you brought the camera."
I looked around, and found somewhere to put the camera, so it could cover the area behind and under the counter, and started it recording. I also found a little step stool, and put it under the counter just as the bell above the door dinged. I sat down on the stool, and she stood in front of me and said "hi" to the customers.
As she took their order, I unbuttoned, then unzipped her jeans, and pulled the flaps apart. I lifted her T-shirt and kissed her just above her bikini panties. I heard her giggle a little, and I started undoing her sneakers.
Having loosened her laces, I tapped her left foot, and she lifted it, so I could take the sneaker, and her sock off. She put her foot down, and I put the sneaker and the sock out of the way. I tapped her right foot, and she lifted that so I could take off her sneaker and sock. As she put her foot back down, I put them with the other one.
She'd finished taking the order, and said "you can sit down and I'll let you know when it's ready."
She went out to the back to give the order to Rob to cook. When she came back to the front counter, the phone was ringing, so she stood in front of me and answered it. As she spoke on the phone and took down the order, I started pulling her jeans down. She wiggled at appropriate times to help me get them over her hips, and picked up her feet at appropriate times so I could take them off.
She went to give the order to Rob, in her panties and T-shirt. Her T-shirt covered most of her butt.
I watched, and she came back. Rob followed her around the corner from the kitchen, and saw me sitting there. He waved at me, and I waved back. He nodded and headed back to the kitchen, understanding something was going on.
She looked down at me, and I whispered "bra." She reached behind her and unclasped it while she watched the waiting customers, then slid the straps down and off her arms and pulled it out from under the front of her T-shirt. She handed it to me, then moved closer to the counter. I took it from her and dropped it with her jeans.
As she was standing in front of me, I ran my hands up the outsides of her legs and up her sides. She shuddered a bit as my fingernails tickled her ribs. I slid my hands down her sides, hooking my thumbs in her panties, and taking them down too. As I got them to her ankles, she stepped out of them one leg at a time, leaving her in just her T-shirt.
This time, I ran my hand up the front of her legs, and across her stomach. She squirmed as I ran my hands across her back and down to her butt. I pulled her towards me, and ran my tongue up her slit. I felt her shiver as I did it, but she opened her thighs, giving me better access.
As I was licking away, Rob came out from the kitchen carrying a pizza in a box - I didn't notice him until he was almost up to Rachel, and she jumped. I lifted her T-shirt to show him her butt, and he put the box down on the counter next to her. His hand reached out and cupped her butt cheek.
"Uh, your pizza's ready," Rachel said to the couple who were waiting. I was working my tongue over her clit as they picked up the box and headed out. Just before I heard the door ding, Rob pinched her butt and she let out a little yelp. He headed back into the kitchen, and I kept teasing her with my tongue.
It seemed that somebody else had come in while the other couple were leaving, as she started talking to the newcomer. I started pushing two fingers inside her as I licked her clit, and I saw her hand gripping the counter top harder and harder, and then she shuddered as she came.
"I'm sorry, a large Hawaiian, was it?" I heard her say.
The customer corrected his order, and she told him to sit down while they made it up. She went back, in just her T-shirt, to give the order to Rob, and he followed her back to the counter.
"That delivery is ready," he said, looking at her.
"Can't you take it out to him?"
I saw him grin.
"That's supposed to be your job," he said.
"But I'm..." she gestured at herself, standing there almost naked.
"Then put on your shoes," he said, and went back into the kitchen.
I heard her sigh, and she went to pick up her panties. I shook my head and handed her her sneakers and socks. She slumped a little, and took them from me. She sat down and put them on, then went to the back to take the pizza out. I sneaked out with the GoPro and watched as she carried two boxes out to Sean, who was sitting in his car listening to music.
He perked up when he saw how she was dressed, and got out to take the boxes from her.
"Maybe I'll come in when I get back," he said.
"Maybe I'll come out to you," she said with a grin, and headed back inside.
I started to follow her back to the counter, but there was a guy standing there, waiting.
"It'll just be a few more minutes," she said, as she carefully walked towards him to avoid exposing herself any more. He muttered something about girls and their short shorts and went and sat down again.
She waved me over, and I walked up and put the GoPro down, pointing at her. I stood right behind her, putting my hands under her T-shirt and tweaking her nipples. I had her bend forward, so she was under the level of the counter, and she put her hands out to support herself on the steps I'd been sitting on. She rubbed her butt against my dick through my jeans, then reached up with one hand to unbutton them. I pulled my dick out, and rubbed it across her pussy, then plunged it inside her.
She gasped quietly, and had both her arms forward again. I slid her T-shirt up and over her shoulders, so her tits were exposed but her head was covered, and she rocked back and forth, fucking herself on me as I stood looking at the guy waiting for his pizza. She reached back and started playing with her clit, and I felt her pussy clenching on me as she had another orgasm. She pulled herself off me, staying below the counter.
She sat down on the steps, and finished pulling her T-shirt off, then pulled my dick into her mouth. I was looking at the guy when her licking and sucking made me cum in her mouth. I looked down as she put my dick away, and Rob came back with the guy's pizza.
"Uh, here you go," I said to the guy.
He came and collected it. "Where's the girl?"
"Probably getting into trouble," I said, buttoning up my jeans.
Rob shoved me aside, and I watched as he unzipped his jeans, and she fished his dick out and went down on him. I could see her cheeks sucking in as she slid up and down on his dick. He was obviously pretty turned on, as it didn't take him long at all to cum in her mouth. He zipped up, grinned at me and went back into the kitchen.
I heard a car horn beep, and a minute or so later, Rob came and told her Sean was back.
"Can you watch the front a minute?" she asked him, pulled on her T-shirt and headed out to the back. I followed with the GoPro as she opened the door and went out to Sean's car. He was sitting there, grinning at us, and she went around to the passenger side and opened the door. She got in and closed the door behind her, and I watched through his open window as she reached over and undid his jeans, then fished his dick out. He shuffled around to slide his jeans down to give her better access.
She stroked her hand up and down on it, and then bent forward and licked the head. She moved her hair out of her face, then licked it again, and put her mouth on it. She moved her mouth up and down on his dick, and he put his hand over her back and pulled her T-shirt up a little then stroked her naked butt.
I gestured to him to pull her T-shirt up, but he misunderstood and pulled his up. I shook my head and pointed to her, and he understood, pulling it up so her tits were uncovered. She had been bent over, sort of laying across the front seat, but knelt up on the seat, taking her T-shirt off completely, and bent at the waist and carried on sucking his dick. He picked up her T-shirt and tossed it out of the window to me, and started playing with her tits.
I slowly moved around the front of the car with the GoPro, so you could see her head going up and down as she was sucking him off. I continued around to the passenger side and showed her butt and pussy for a short while before going back to the driver's side.
It had been a while, and suddenly Sean was cumming. His head was back, and he moaned, and it was all over. Rachel looked up at me, then opened her mouth for the camera, showing she'd swallowed it down already.
She looked around for a moment for her T-shirt, then saw I had it.
"Can I have that?" she asked.
"Sure," I said.
She looked around to see if there was anybody in the alley, then got out of the car, wearing just her sneakers, and walked around the car to take her T-shirt back from me. She pulled it over her head, and we headed back inside.
"Finally," said Rob as we came through the door. "I have a delivery who asked for you to go. It's almost done."
"Huh?" she said.
"That old guy who always asks for you. I said you'd deliver it. Go grab Sean to run the counter."
She headed back out to Sean, and shortly came in with him. He walked through to the counter, and she grabbed her clothes.
"Can you drive, then I can get dressed on the way?" she asked.
I nodded, and we went and picked up the pizza from Rob.
"I'm parked out the front," I said.
"Can you bring it around to the back?"
"That seems silly, just be quick and you'll be fine."
We headed to the front door, and she peered out to make sure there was nobody about. She ran to the van and found the door locked. She stood there fidgeting in her sneakers and T-shirt while I sauntered over and unlocked the door. I grabbed her butt as she got in, then handed her the pizza and closed the door.
When I got in, she was starting to unlace her sneakers.
"What are you doing?" I asked.
"I was going to get dressed."
"He's seen you naked before, toss your clothes in the back and you can deliver it like that. It'll cheer him up, I'm sure."
She threw her underwear and jeans in the back, then directed me to the old guy's house. I parked so I could see his front door, meaning she'd have to backtrack a little to walk up his driveway. She got out and picked up the pizza, and headed up the driveway. I got the GoPro out and started recording.
As she got to the top of the driveway, I watched as she put the pizza on top of a bush running along the side of the garage, and took off her T-shirt and put it by the pizza. In just her sneakers and socks, she picked up the pizza and walked to the door.
She rang the bell, and the old guy turned the outside light on and opened the door, shocked to see her standing there almost naked. I could see them talking as she took the pizza out of the insulated bag. She shook her head, and pointed over her shoulder at me, then stood on her tiptoes and gave him a kiss before walking back down the path. She picked her T-shirt up on the way past, opened the door and waved to him before getting back into the van.
"Let's go," she said, "I told him I was too busy to come in, but you're right, he was very pleased to see me."
I pulled away, and we headed back towards the shop. She pulled her T-shirt back on, and when we got there, I went around the back.
As she got out, I said "I'm going to head out, as I have to work tomorrow morning."
She blew me a kiss and closed the door, and I drove off.
I was about 3 minutes away when my phone rang. I answered it.
"I left my clothes in the back of your van," she said.
"Eh, I'm almost home," I said, "can't you pick them up some other time?"
"Asshole," she said, hanging up.
I was sure she'd be fine. It was a pretty long T-shirt, after all.