I distinctly remembered the only thing my mind could bring forth was a continuing series of "Oh shit, oh shit, oh shit" thoughts.
All the reasoning parts of my brain had completely stopped working.
Let me give you some background. My names is Alexandra, but everyone calls me Alex. I'm a junior in high school and until this moment I thought I was the luckiest girl in my school. You see my new boyfriend was the quarterback on the school football team, the school's track star, and the valedictorian. Not to mention he was drop dead gorgeous.
It was Friday, November 13th. I'll never forget the date. I guess I should have put more faith in the old tale about how Friday the thirteenth was a day when bad things happened.
We had been dating for one month, three weeks, and two days on the night "it" happened. On our previous date I had let Billy, everyone else had to call him William, but since I was his special girl I got to call him Billy, touch my boobs since it was his eighteenth birthday. However I only let him touch me on the outside of my clothes.
I was actually one week older than Billy, but since I had been forced to repeat the third grade due to missing so many days due to being hit with measles, mumps, and chicken-pox all in the same year, he was one grade ahead of me.
After talking back and forth over our computers for a couple of hours that evening he asked me to show him my breasts. He called them titties.
I was shocked. Apparently my face showed my surprise because he quickly explained that he knew I was scared about letting him go any further in our relationship, but this was a way that I could completely control the situation and at the same time move us new, higher level.
I have to admit it made a lot of sense. I did want to go further than we had already, but I was so scared. Moreover like he said I could control just how far I went since I could end the connection anytime I wanted to do so. I was still apprehensive, but after a bit more persuasion I decided to go along with it.
Since the only door in my family home that we were allowed to lock was the bathroom I took my laptop there to ensure no one could catch me flashing my boyfriend. What a joke that idea turned out to be.
Man I was so scared. I had never done anything like this before and if my parents or my older brother caught me I would be in so much trouble.
I had closed the lid of my laptop while slipping into the bathroom. I pulled the shower curtain closed and used that as a background. I grabbed the trash can to sit on and placed my computer on the sink.
When I did finally open my laptop I immediately zoomed the camera in so only my chest would be visible on screen. Then I split the screen in two so I could watch my boyfriend on one side and myself on the other.
It was unreal to see myself on the computer. The side where my image was seemed some weird kind of computer video. It was me, but at the same time it wasn't me.
As I watched the screen I saw the character reach down and slowly begin raising the bottom of her top. Part of me knew it was me, but it seemed was like it was happening to someone else.
I observed in utter amazement as the girl on the screen pulled her t‑shirt higher and higher. In a kooky mix of high speed and slow motion the bottom of the screen character's shirt came into view and then continued raising. In the same moment it was like it wasn't moving and moving like a meteor across the night sky.
In this strange time mix the bottom of her brasserie came into view. I followed this action on screen in fascination. The shirt on screen continued climbing upward. Soon the image on screen had more than half of her bra cups exposed. I spotted the shadow of her dark nipples through the lacy material.
One part of my mind was marveling at the audacity of the person on the computer and another part was trying to make me realize it was me. The marveling part won out. I could no more pull my eyes away than I could have dragged our family car down the street with a rope.
Forever later and yet with only seconds gone by the character's t‑shirt was completely gone from the screen and this incredible woman was calmly sitting there in just her brasserie.
Somehow I managed to tear my attention away from that side of the screen for a moment and looked at my boyfriend. He was smiling enormously and giving me a double thumbs up.
I'm glad he didn't say anything because it probably would have broken the spell I was under.
I switched my attention back to this fearless woman. I realized later that strange, I thought of her as a woman whereas I always considered myself more of a girl.
She reached up behind herself and unclipped her brasserie. OMG I thought, she really is going to do it she is going to display her beautiful breasts right on the screen.
I watched as she slipped one arm across the front of her bra and used her free hand to push her shoulder straps free.
There was no way she was going to actually do it, I thought. It would take a person so confident in themselves that only their own opinion would determine what she would or wouldn't do. How could any person be so mentally strong? How I wished I could be like her.
She slipped her hands under the cups of her bra and let it fall away. Now the only barrier between the camera and her breasts were her own hands.
At any secret I expected her to move out of the camera's eye, but she sat there.
I'm not sure how long I sat there transfixed because time had stopped for me. Eventually my mind recognized the sound of clapping and I was able to switch my attention to the other side of the screen. My boyfriend was smiling and clapping and giving double thumbs up. My mind wondered, was he watching the same video?
Switching my attention back to the screen I watched in fascination as the woman lowered her hands millimeter by millimeter. Would she have the courage to actually display her boobs or would she stop.
She continued lowering her arm. More and more of her breast came into view. Then the top of her nipples appeared. Slowly each sliver evolved into half of a nipples and still she continued. The halves slowly became the whole circle. What incredible self-confidence.
Once the nipples were fully exposed she dropped her hands completely.
My mind still wasn't really comprehending the fact that the beautiful pair of breasts on display on one half the screen actually belonged to me.
I had never considered my breasts with that kind of detached thinking. So I took a moment to examine them. The factual part of my brain knew that I am a large C or small D-cup, but the part studying my boobs noticed that they in size they were about as big as coconuts. Not the whole coconut, but the actual nut, the part that surrounded the coconut milk.
My nipples were about the size of a fifty cent piece. Their color was dark pink and the centers poked out about a half an inch. The girl on the screen must be excited I thought.
The breasts themselves were somewhere between milk and creme in color. Since my family has a pool with a privacy fence around it I can tan topless as long as none of the others are home. I tan easy in summer, but lose it almost as quickly when autumn comes around.
When I finished my inspection I realized that my boyfriend was talking.
"Oh baby, they are as beautiful as you. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for sharing them with me. You are magnificent. The only thing is that as pretty as they are I miss seeing your lovely face. Please pull the image back so I can look into your eyes."
My original plan had been to just show him my boobs and then close the cover and get dressed before returning to my bedroom. However with all that was going on I completely forgot my plan and reached over and zoomed the image back.
Suddenly seeing my reflection completely exposed from belly button to the top of my head shocked me. It was me, but it wasn't me. It still seemed like someone else was on the screen, but at the same time it was blatantly obvious who it was standing there.
This additional shock prevented me from moving as I studied this new image of myself. I had never thought of myself like this. It was an epiphany. This wasn't the gawky girl self-image I had carried around for years. This new me was truthfully an attractive woman.
And then things went to crap. Suddenly my mailbox showed a flood of incoming messages. I couldn't ever see the number because it was changing so far. The screen was just as suddenly blanketed in IM requests.
I punched the command to freeze the screen. When I froze it I was at last able to read one of the IM's.
"Great tits, Alex."
WTF?????
Deleting that one revealed another. "So that's what been hiding under your blouse. Awesome, Alex."
The next read, "Alex, Monday in school you'll have to show them to me in person. Great knockers."
Everyone I deleted was followed by another with the same kind of comment. And each one had my name. It was obvious that whoever these people sending these comments they knew me.
Belatedly I realized that the camera was still filming my exposed puppies. I slammed the lid down and literally raced back into my bedroom.
Before reopening the lid I stuck a piece of paper over the camera lens. Opening my computer I could see that the IM's and email were still coming in a torrent. I was at a lost.
And to make it worst my older brother picked that moment to walk to my room.
Like I mentioned earlier my family has a policy that only the bathroom door is allowed to be locked. He walked over. I was still topless, but so overwhelmed I was helpless to do anything.
To my surprise instead of staring at my erotic display, he took one look at the computer and started punching keys. Suddenly the IM's stopped and then they all disappeared. A few minutes later the emails stopped. I looked at my email icon and saw that I had over a thousand emails.
"I froze your email account temporarily Sis and disabled your IM setting," he stated as he continued typing. "You can look at the emails that have already posted or I can delete them. Your choice."
With shaky fingers I clicked the email icon revealed the subject lines.
"Great tits"
"Awesome knockers"
"World class gazongas"
"Thanks for sharing"
"Miss Popularity"
"Next show?"
And lots more along the same vein. I selected "Miss Popularity" and opened it. It was a screen capture of me taken when my face was exposed along with my totally unconcealed chest protrusions.
Under the picture the author had written "Carter High's newest candidate for Miss Popularity."
Looking at the address line I slumped in my seat when I saw that it had been addressed to group address that included every person at my high school; the faculty, staff, and every student was included. There were some other groups also listed, but whoever they were this couldn't be any worst than everyone at my school now having a picture of me topless.
Then it got worst. "ALEXANDRA," my dad yelled, "GET DOWN HERE RIGHT THIS SECOND!! IF YOU AREN'T DOWN HERE THIS MOMENT, YOUR MOTHER AND I ARE COMING UP THERE!!"
My brother must have decided that retreat was the better part of valor and he bolted back to his room.
"ALEXANDRA!!"
I was so scared. Sometimes I wonder how I was able to get down the stairs the way I was shaking. I had momentarily thought about pulling on another t-shirt, but why? They obviously knew what I had done and a t‑shirt couldn't hide that. It was better to go downstairs right now on my own then have them come up.
When I got to the living room it managed to get even worst. Apparently my dad had received an email with a video of what I had just done. He had transferred it to our 70" TV. When I walked into the room the first thing I noticed was a huge pair of titties on our TV. He hit "play" and I watched in horror as the image pulled back and resolved into a 30" high picture of me topless. He froze it at that point and turned to me.
I knew he was going to kill me and truthfully I think part of me wanted him to.
Then he calmly said, "I never realized that you had matured into such a beautiful young woman, Alex."
You could have knock me over with a feather. I was expecting a horrible death and he complimented me instead. Glancing at my mother I saw her nod her head in agreement to what dad had said.
Emotionally drained I collapsed into a chair.
"On the other hand we wished you could have picked a different way to bring it to our attention," my mom said.
All I could do was laugh. Soon we were all laughing uncontrollably.
This was so weird. I was sitting my family living room naked from the waist up. There was a 30" high picture of me topless on our television wearing a huge smile. I had just displayed to the world my naked hooters and we were laughing.
When the laughter stopped I explained that only my boyfriend was supposed to see my show and that it was supposed to be a step forward in our relationship. I confessed that I didn't know how everyone else got involved.
At some point before this confession my brother had come downstairs. He related that 'wonderful' boyfriend had let all his friends know what he was planning on doing and had provided them with the information to access our chat.
Of course all of them had passed the information to their friends who passed it to their friends and so on.
My brother had only heard that some girl at my school was going to do a live titty show. When he finally saw my face and realized it was me he was too stunned to do anything until it was too late.
The rest of the weekend was a blur. I had my brother leave the locks on my IM's and emails. I looked at a few of them but since they were all basically the same I just deleted all of them.
Despite my dread I forced myself, with my parents' encouragement, to go to school Monday.
I had already contacted Mr. Jonas, the principal, and explained what had happened. He kindly allowed me to make an announcement over the school's PA system at the start of first period.
Rather than deny it, I confessed that I was the girl in the pictures and videos that had gone viral. I told them that I had been duped into the incident and while I didn't mention any names, by the time I was done everyone knew who had blindsided me.
I was surprised that when I finished the office staff came over and gave me their support. I guess I had expected the rest of the day to be so terrible but it actually went okay.
Don't get me wrong some of the others students were total assholes, but some others were honestly there supporting me.
There were a number of students who came up with photographs of me topless that had been taken from the incident and asked me to autograph them. Since there was no way to deny it was me I agreed to do so, signing each "Breasts wishes, Alex".
Not surprisingly I did win Miss Popularity that year and the next year too.
A few weeks later a video of my ex-boyfriend taking shower in the school gym surfaced, but I don't know anything about it.
It's amazing that a star athlete would be so small, but maybe he was just taking a cold shower that day.