Elise palmed the other man away from her in an instinctively feline response to being over-stimulated. Harry stepped away obediently and began tracing his own hard cock with his fingers. Harry ran his balled-up hand along it's length. Carrying on, she supposed, from where he would have liked her to have taken over.
Elise couldn't have cared less. For the moment her attentions were drawn elsewhere and Harry was the least of her concerns. She concentrated on the delicious feeling of being taken from behind by the substantial Scot currently holding onto her hips with his ham-like hands. God it felt good to be ridden. Her lover was so powerful, so beautifully, so sturdily made. He bent her easily as though she was play dough and he ploughed her depths with youthful, unrelenting, enthusiasm.
His cock was thick and as he stroked in and out, steadily building the pace. It was all she could do to remain on her feet, holding on to the back of the baroque sofa, swaying with the intense motion of being taken again and again. Rhythmically his pole slid in and out. She moaned, fit to purring, loving every precious inch of the pounding and feeling her orgasm building. Her legs trembled, her belly twitched
"Oh Yes.Yes"
Aiden's large hand slapped her ass.
"That Feels.So.Good."
She swayed and her hair fell across her eyes. In front of her, Elise could make out the frenzied movements of the other man. Harry was clearly enjoying the show. She was surprised at just how much. As Aiden injected himself into her wetness once again she closed her eyes in bliss. He stroked, Harry came on her face.
She had almost been able to forget him in her present impaled luxury and the spurt of hot man-juice forced her to open her eyes. His pink sword was hanging a little limper now, still sliding pleasingly between him slippery fingers. Elise smiled up at him. Wiping the jizz from her cheek with one hand, she braced herself with the other. Aiden continued his glorious work. She was about to lick her finger and help Harry out with a bit of a show when all of a sudden the thrusting stopped.
She turned in dismay. Aiden kissed her full on the mouth, slithering his tongue inside her searing, sensual mouth, teasing her more. It was an impromptu embrace, laced with passion and which pleasantly surprised Elise, increasing her lust. She panted and he sucked on her lips, kissed the fine sheen of sweat from her nape, cupped her breast with his massive hand, sharing his heat. Their exchange heightened to fever pitch.
Her pussy ached, her mind reeled. He firmly kept a distance between them, his burly forearms keeping her at arms length though she writhed in the air between their bodies, craving his embrace, pushing her pussy closer, unfulfilled.
He gently set her to one side. Harry flopped into the couch, watching them. Elise was breathing hard, cheeks flushed. Aiden grinned. He ran a hand over the length of his impressive cock as though feeling it's worth, appraising his tool.
"Talk dirty to me?"
In his thick, Scottish brogue it was a caress and she happily obliged. Elise licked her lips. She crossed the small room and took a seat on the foot stool in the far corner.
She planted her beautiful bottom provocatively, arching her feet and pointing her toes. Her sex opened, in full view for both the men. The wet flesh glistened with her juices. Elise watched Harry's eyes widen and his dick renew it's salute. Praise enough for the silent gift she lay before them. A little grin curled the sides of her mouth.
Elise licked her thumb, she wet her digits . Then she used her fingers to play gently with her nipple, tracing the areola and causing the pink peak to bud. The cleft between her thighs throbbed. She let out a breath. In a voice made soft and husky by desire she began.
"Aiden, I love your cock. I fantasize about it's girth pushing at my folds. I fantasize most about the moment when your beautiful..."
She pinched her nipple and wiggled her hips for punctuation.
Aiden took a step towards her, unable to help himself. His engorged member bobbing before them as he stepped. She met his eyes in silent command and he stopped. Aiden let out a groan but he smiled, tense with desire.
"Your beautiful cock head, taut and hot, pushing it's way into my pussy hole. The way it feels when you're about to enter me. You make me want to beg to fuck your pole forever."
Harry looked interested, but Elise's keen eyes noticed the pleased grin that slipped from his lips. Her intake of breathe was audible.
"Harry?"
She spoke as she slipped a finger down her middle, tracing a path to her muff quickly.
"Harry."
She shoved an enthusiastic finger into her slit, more for his benefit than hers, then two, and moaned at the pressure she caused. Elise licked her lips.
"Harry you make me hot."
Elise left the comfy spot on the footrest and reluctantly disentangled her hand from her pussy. She started to close the distance between herself and Harry, giving in to the feline, empowering pleasure of crawling wantonly towards him, her pretty ass in the air.
Aiden looked sorely tempted but he stayed where he was, feet planted firmly on the carpet, legs apart. He watched her as though his eyes would devour her whole. She savored every second.
"I want to stuff your cock into my mouth or my ass and use your pleasure pole to make me cum. You want me to cum don't you Harry?"
Elise was between his knees. Harry looked down at her in delight. She reached for his now fully-erect cock and ducked her head. She took the tender head in between her lips and traced the helmet with her tongue. Harry quivered and shook. As Elise worked at covering his whole cock with saliva, she felt Aiden shift behind her.
Elise stifled a grin through a mouthful of man-meat and continued. These boys knew what she liked.
Elise began to use her mouth and her hands in a steady rhythm, cajoling Harry's penis. Harry grunted with delight and ran a hand through her hair, assisting her head to take more of his cock. He rocked her mouth gently further and further down his pole. Elise hummed and Harry made male sounds of enthusiasm. Her work would be nearly done.
Aiden shifted his weight to his knees and once again positioned himself behind her. He guided his massive girth to the entrance of her pussy and Elise stopped. She held Harry's cock in her hand a moment and wriggled her luscious ass on the dick at her rear.
"I want you too Aiden"
Aiden played with the puckered pinkness of her ass hole. His fingers began to work their way inside her. Elise tingled. She took one look at Harry and saw the hunger in his eyes. Without words she resumed her job of sucking him off. He grunted, running an appreciative hand down her back.
Elise could feel the enormous cock head bearing down on her anal entrance. He was slow and careful but Aiden was huge and at first it burned. He waited. Elise licked Harry's length and cheekily pushed back a tiny fraction on her haunches.
Aiden followed her invitation and insinuated more of himself into her tight little ass hole. Elise moaned in pleasure. Aiden surged forward and patiently waited for her muscles to relax. Then, instead of stroking he shifted his weight and reached around to her clitoris.
He pumped, lightly teasing her core with his finger. The world shifted off it's axis.
"Oh God."
Elise let the words out onto the cock in her mouth.
As Aiden established something of a punishing rhythm behind her, Harry held her head and surged. Great drops of cum shot down her throat. She pulled away and more landed on her lips, still more in her hair. She giggled but the noise was cut short by a stroke from Aiden.
Harry slithered down from his perch on the couch and came to meet her on the carpet. She let him kiss her cum soaked lips, fondle her breasts and lovingly, he took a nipple into his mouth as he made love to her other breast with his palm. Aiden was groaning now and she thought she might burst. With a carnal roar he took his cock from it's cosy holder and shot his load down her back.
They slumped together, panting. Elise wiped her face, blue eyes glinting with mischief. Aiden sat on his haunches at her back and she shifted her weight until she her thighs rested on his. Somehow, her giant lover maneuvered them both so she sat on him, on the carpet. He cradled her slight body in his tree trunk arms. Harry joined them, reclining at her side, somehow managing to remain a part of their intimate embrace. They were silent a moment.
"I needed that. You guys fuck like Gods".
Elise grinned, sated.