It has been a few days since Ashleigh came to stay at my place after a wild fucking on the wooded trail. As expected, she has not needed any clothes. I have had to work the past few days, so I have needed to get dressed, but only minimally. I never wear underwear, and only wear what I have to in order to be covered when I have to be. Every evening when I come home, Ashleigh meets me at the door naked, ready to be soundly fucked. Today, when I got home, she seemed extra excited and giddy for some strange reason. She wouldn't tell me what was up, but kissed me and then sank to her knees to get my pants opened up.
"Is it OK if I come inside?" I asked her.
She just smiled up at me with her devilish eyes and fished my cock out of my pants as I stood there barely in my house. I was, of course, already hard as steel. It is rather difficult to not be hard. If only you could see Ashleigh in all of her naked glory. She is like an angel, with her perfect body always ready to be made love to, or just plain fucked.
Ashleigh pushed my pants down to my knees and took my rigid cock into both hands. She gave me a slow handjob for just a few seconds before releasing me. Again, she smiled up at me, and I watched as she slowly licked my penis from base to tip before engulfing me in her warm mouth. She held my cock in her mouth as much as she could, while sucking lightly, and swirling her tongue all around me. The sensation was amazing, and I knew it wouldn't be long before I was blowing a load of hot sperm down her throat. She sensed this, somehow. She slowly began to swallow my penis even farther. I could feel the head of my cock making its way down the back of her throat. Deeper and deeper she took me in, allowing me to feel her muscles in her throat flex as she literally swallowed my penis. She forced my cock all the way down her throat until my swollen balls were pressed against her throat. The feeling of her tongue on the underside of my penis was too much. As she began to swallow, I started blasting cum what seemed to be straight into her stomach. She never stopped, and never took a breath until her throat had coaxed all the cum out of my softening penis.
"Oh my God! That was amazing, Ash!"
"I thought you might like that," she replied as my cock slipped from her lips.
As she stood to her feet, Ashleigh said, "Guess what!"
"I have no idea, but it seems like you might be up to something."
"Not really, but I do kind of have a surprise for you."
"Yeah? What's that?"
"Well, remember Bri? The girl that watched us fuck on the trail?"
"Of course! How could I ever forget that?"
"She called today, and wants to get together this evening. Can we do it? Can we do it?" Ashleigh was begging me as she hopped up and down like a little schoolgirl. I was getting more and more turned on watching her luscious breasts bounce around as she begged. Who was I to turn either beautiful girl down? "Of course! I'm off for the next couple of days, so I'm all yours. Both of yours, if you catch my drift. What makes you so excited anyway?"
"For the past couple of days, I have been remembering the way you came all over her while I sucked on her tits. To be honest, I have wanted to see her naked since that day on the trail. I have masturbated several times while you're at work, just thinking about that."
Ashleigh continued by saying, "I want to lick her pussy, and make her cum while you fuck my ass."
"Wait...did you just say you want me to fuck your ass?"
"Indeed I did! Will you?"
"Of course I will! So what are the arrangements?"
"Bri wants us to pick her up at 5:30 tonight and take her back to the trail. She seemed nervous, but also excited about trying what we did before."
"That's it? She just wants to go fuck on the trail?"
"Well, that's what I want to do, too, but maybe you can fuck us, then treat us to something nice?"
"Oh I see how it is! Use me, then make me do things for you?"
Ashleigh got an expression on her face like I just slapped a puppy. Tears almost filled her eyes as I explained to her that I was just joking.
"That's not funny," she said as she slapped me on my arm.
I took her naked body into my arms and pulled her into a warm embrace and apologized for the comment. Feeling her that close to me made me realize how horny she was, and ready for the exposure experience again. The heat radiating from her body was my cue. I slowly ran my hands down her back as she wrapped her arms around me and laid her head on my chest. I reached her cute little ass and gave a squeeze. She moaned into my chest as I spread her cheeks and tickled her tight little hole. She stuck her ass out to give me better access and I started to ease my finger into her ass.
"I want you to fuck me there so bad," she told me as she lifted her head from my chest. I could see the desire burning in her eyes.
"I want Bri to watch you fuck me there before I lick her pussy."
"I'm sure we can arrange something like that, Sweety. Should we get ready to go?"
"I am ready to go!" Ashleigh replied.
"You're going to go like that? I mean...I'm completely with you going completely naked and all, but if we do something later on, shouldn't you take a jacket?"
"Fine...I'll take my jacket, but don't make me wear it unless I have to."
"Absolutely not," I told her. "The fewer clothes the better as far as I'm concerned!"
"Perfect! Get out of those clothes of yours, grab your jacket, and lets go get some pussy!"
Still hard after having Ashleigh's sweet body pressed against mine, I undressed but for my shoes, grabbed my jacket, and headed out to my truck. I watched as Ashleigh's cute little ass climbed up into the seat and waited there patiently for me to get in. I walked out of the house naked with my jacket on my arm, and climbed up into the truck. Ashleigh scooted over close to me and grabbed my stiff penis as I backed out the driveway and left to pick up Bri.
Bri lives across town and it would take about 20 minutes to arrive. Fine by me, since I really enjoy driving naked. I only wish that my truck was not so high because then others would be able to see in and know that Ashleigh was now on all fours sucking my cock as I drove. People in higher vehicles could see her sweet ass high in the air, but I silently wished everyone could see. Just the thought of everyone being able to see my wet penis sliding slowly in and out of her mouth was almost enough to put me over the edge again, but I held off. I wanted to keep all of the cum I could for the two lovely ladies whom I was going to sodomize before long. In order to replenish my loads, I brought several bottles of water which I had already begun to consume. If you want a big load, drink lots of water!
We finally reached Bri's house, and Ashleigh was still sucking my dick with a vengeance. Being in an unfamiliar neighborhood, I didn't want to just jump out naked and go knock on the door. I know it sounds odd, seeing as I typically don't care who sees me naked. The problem is that I don't want to get arrested and miss out on what was to come. I took my phone and called Bri and told her we were outside.
As I hung up the phone, I saw her door open and then she appeared. It appeared as though Ashleigh had told her what to wear. She was wearing a long coat, considerably longer and more conservative than that of Ashleigh and myself. Obviously nervous, Bri cautiously looked both ways before stepping all the way out of her house. Her hair was done up beautifully. Below her tan coat was a very pretty pair of low heels with bright red paint on the toenails. She looked amazing. She sort of jogged to my truck in an effort to get to safety as soon as possible. When she opened the passenger door, I heard her gasp as she was greeted with Ashleigh's ass and dripping pussy as she was still engaged with sucking me off. Only when the door opened did she stop.
"Hey, girl," said Ashleigh as she turned to extend her hand and assist Bri with getting into the truck.
"Looks like you started without me," replied Bri.
"Sort of, but there's plenty left!"
I asked Bri, "are you sure you're ready for this?"
"At this point, I'm ready for anything. I've been thinking about it ever since I watched you guys the other day. I want this SO bad! More than anything! But at the same time, I can't believe you do this!"
She continued, "you have no idea how long it took me to calm down after you came on my breasts!"
"I'll be more than happy to do it again, too," I told her as we headed for the park.
Ashleigh, now toying with my cock to keep me hard said, "Bri, you gotta be naked to ride in this truck."
Bri looked around cautiously before slowly beginning to unbutton her jacket. Ashleigh, obviously annoyed with how long it was taking, let my penis go and turned to Bri. She reached one hand around Bri's neck and the other went inside her jacket. She leaned in to kiss Bri as her hand kneaded those firm breasts. Bri didn't know what to do. Fortunately, Ashleigh did. She worked the buttons on the jacket while continuing to kiss Bri. It wasn't long before all the buttons were undone, and she helped Bri get free of it. I watched as Bri struggled to get free of the jacket and finally expose an amazing naked body to Ashleigh and me. She was flushed as though she really was wanting to get fucked. Ashleigh threw the jacket in the back seat and climbed over Bri's lap, straddling her. She took Bri's cheeks in her hands and leaned in to kiss her tenderly. Bri's hands came up to find Ashleigh's breasts. She cupped them lightly and then gradually ran her hands over them, capturing her erect nipples between her fingers. Ashleigh moaned into Bri's mouth as Bri pulled lightly on her nipples.
It was all I could do to keep the truck on the road and try to watch these two amazingly beautiful women make out next to me. Previously, Ashleigh was on Bri's lap so that her pussy was pressed into Bri's tummy. I watched cautiously as she scooted towards the dash and let a hand drop between the two. Slowly, Ashleigh started to rub Bri's pussy. I could see that she was spreading those bald lips with two fingers while dipping her middle finger into her tight hole. I could hear and smell that she was getting wet and even more aroused. I kept watching as Ashleigh inserted another finger into Bri's pussy while she sucked on her tongue and licked her lips. Both girls we lost in ecstasy. Bri was really getting in to playing with Ashleigh's tits. Lifting them up and dropping them, and then twisting her nipples.
Bri threw her head back. Her eyes rolled back and her mouth dropped open as Ashleigh brought her to orgasm with her fingers. Once she had stopped spasming around Ashleigh's fingers, she pulled them out of that tight pussy and rubbed her soaking hand all over both of her breasts. Bri watched in complete awe as she did this. Ashleigh then pulled Bri to her huge breasts and let her lick her own cum from them.
Ashleigh turned to me and smiled, then said, "it's gonna be a fun night!"