This is a story that's about 90% true. Time frame changed because you don't want to hear about the week that goes by and nothing happens. So things will be happening a lot faster than normal. Names were changed, and some other little things. Please forgive any mistakes you'll find. I don't have an editor because I didn't want to bother anyone. This is my second story. Be gentle please, but feedback, voting, or email would be great. Lets me know someone wants to keep reading.
Slow_Roosevelt
*
I was thrusting as hard as I could. She was pumping back into me arching her hips. It seemed I was a long way off from cumming. I slowly snaked my arms under hers and gripped her shoulders to get more leverage. Her moans of approval were getting louder. From behind me I could hear a knock on the door. I must have been real drunk because the girl's face I was fucking was almost blurred. She said "Hello?" The door opened and a naked girl walked in and lay down next to us on the bed. "Can I be next?" I smiled and was about to say something when I heard another knock. The second girl yells "Hello?" Another equally beautiful girl walks through the door. Before she could get to the bed, another knock came. "Hello?"
With the last hello, I was awakened. "That dream was just starting to get good damn it!" I said to myself out loud, while chuckling. My cell showed it was only 4am. "Fuck'n hell" I thought to myself. I'd only been asleep for an hour. With a sigh, my head hit the pillow and tried to resume the little tryst I was dreaming of. 'Knock knock knock' "hello?" Now knowing my dream had somehow got entangled with real life, I realized someone was at my front door. I was not too happy about it. "Somebody better be fucking dyeing!!" I yelled. I walked to the door in my boxers. My friends knew I went to bed around 3 or 4. This one at the door was about to get his friend card pulled.
All I could see through the peep hole was hair, so I opened the door. Amy (The lesbian next door) was on my front porch crying.
"Hey Amy, what's wrong? Are you hurt? What's going on?" She just shook her head.
"Can I come in?"
"Umm... sure, are you gonna tell me what's wrong?" Amy came in and sat on the couch.
I looked at her for a few moments sitting in my cozy chair that faced the TV. It didn't look like she was gonna say anything anytime soon, so I asked if she wanted some tea, and she said "No." I went to get myself some when I heard the door fly open.
"Oh so you just go run off and leave me there wondering where you went?" The voice was that of her girlfriend Michelle. She sounded about as pissed off as I felt being woke up this early. I walked back into the living room and the fighting kept going.
"I'm not gonna sit there and fight with you yelling at me for hours, I've had enough!" Was Amy's retort.
"So you couldn't go anywhere else?"
"I didn't want to wake my parents, and my sister is out of town."
"Fine, I'll stop talking, just please come back to the apartment?"
"No, we've seen enough of each other tonight. I just wanna be alone!"
"Oh, I see now. You just want to be alone with a Chaz for the night!"
"You know that's not it. He's just a friend I knew I could come to. We've known him for 3 years and he's never come on to either one of us. He's obviously not interested, and been respectable about our relationship and who we are!"
Pffft, little did she know... Given half the chance I would get her drunk and try to have my way with her. Prolly not, but she was a fox. It's not like I would kick her outta my bed if she happened to slide in!
"Umm duh, he had a girlfriend most of that time! She just now dumped his ass for a girl, so he must be some sort of asshole!"
"Wo, wo, wo. Hold on there butch! I'm standing right here... Hello!" I chimed in. Not that I wasn't pissed off already, but she had to bring that up. That wasn't the whole story about our breakup, but in the end, I had heard she had started dating women.
"Remember whose place you're in! Ya'll need to settle this right now. She can stay on the couch if she wants to, or go back home. I don't really care. But don't be a bitch to me just because you two are in an argument!"
"Michelle, I'll see you in the morning after I wake up. I'm done with this tonight."
"Fine, stay here then. Don't expect me to be waiting around for you all day though!"
I now appreciated all the times my ex gf had handled these arguments between them. She gave me an evil look and stormed out the door. I made sure I locked it this time. There wasn't much to say to Amy. Didn't think she wanted to talk anyway, so I grabbed a blanket and pillows and she got comfy. As I headed back to my room, she said "Thank you Chaz, I'm glad you were alone tonight." "No problem, goodnight." I was glad to be back in bed. It was now close to 4:30am. 15 minutes later there was a heavy booming sound on my door, "Chaz, get your lazy ass out here dude, we gotta situation."
I staggered out the door and saw Brian's arm wrapped around some girl he had obviously picked up from the bar. She could hardly stand up. Brian was another one of my really close friends. We were in a band together. I played drums in it, and I sucked. End of band story. I wasn't surprised. Here's the deal. My apartment was near a lot of dance clubs, strip clubs, and what we affectionately called sound dives. Basically places for local bands to play. Whenever one of my good friends were drunk enough not to drive home, they'd come to my place. I had a hiding place for a spare key, and they would use my couch... sometimes with a piece of tail in tow. Needless to say, the couch had seen a lot of action.
So with a quick fix, I unfolded the couch for Brian and the bar girl. I told Amy to sleep on my bed, and I would sleep on the floor. Amy was already in my bed when I got to my room after talking to Brian some. She wanted to argue with me about sleeping on the floor. We finally came to the agreement of sharing the bed. I was behind her on my side, with her in front. We had a couple inches so it wasn't very intimate. I fell asleep as she was saying something.
The next morning I awoke I could tell we got a lot closer during the night. When my eyes adjusted, I could feel my hard on being pressed into my stomach by her ass. I tried to move slowly not to wake her, but she was already up.
"Feeling frisky?" She said with a blank expression.
"I am so sorry, it's just the morning... and for guys it just happens... and" She laughed and she cut me off.
"Relax! I was only joking! Besides, it's not the first time I've woken up to a guys cock poking at my butt." She said with a grin. What did she just say?
"Umm... I uh thought you were a lesbian."
"Almost, I had a few boyfriends before I started dating women exclusively; I'm attracted to certain men. I would say bi, leaning very close to women."
"Ahh." Was all I could think of saying. I was in an awkward position to begin with, wishing my hard on to go down. She slid down to her back and looked into my eyes. The sexual tension started to rise as her hand reached up to pull down my head.
"Hello?" A simple word saved me from making a mistake. I was thinking in the back of my head that she was taken. With a bitch or not, I didn't fuck my friends over. I leaped out of bed and opened the door. Brian had left his date at my house. This again did not surprise me about him. He had a habit of picking up the drunken ones, and if he didn't like them in the morning... Well, they were on their own to get home. She wasn't that bad looking. I kinda felt sorry for her, and the way that Brian hooked up with these girls, but it was none of my business.
"Hi, you musta crashed here with Brian last night. Not sure where he is, but you can use my phone if you need to call someone to come pick you up."
"Do you have his number?" It was like reading a script. I already had all the answers.
"I have his home phone, but I think he's prolly at work." I lied. I wrote down his home number, and handed it to her. He never answers the thing, just goes to voice mail along with bill collectors. Amy came out the door around that time and asked if she could make breakfast. I told her it was ok, and pretty soon all three of us were sitting down at the table eating, while she waited for her ride.
"Sorry for interrupting your morning breakfast" she said.
"No, you didn't. We're not together. I don't date lesbians." I said with a smile and a laugh. Amy punched me in the arm and gave me a serious look.
Her ride finally showed up, and Amy said it was time to go home. It felt nice to be alone for a while. Around 6pm I got to work, and joined Don on the steps and smoked a couple of cigs. He was a real good friend. He was a married guy, same age as me, with a really good talent for tattooing. He looked like Charles Manson with a foot long goatee. I was the only piercer for the night. We talked and waited for the people to start coming in. I bantered most the night with some girls I had known over text messages and some I'd just met at the shop. Around 11, after I had done about twenty piercings. A group of girls came through the door. They were a little intoxicated, being flirty and getting the boys attention.
The one looking like the young version of Winona Ryder (Who I still have a crush on to this day), with short dark hair and piercings announced that she wanted to get her clit pierced. I explained that 99% of the time it's the actual hood, and not the clit that's pierced.
"Well you seem to know a lot about the female anatomy." She said in a teasing voice.
"I have to know about the body parts I'm piercing. It's kind of important for the job." I said with a sarcastic expression.
"So... What do you want for the piercing?" I had an idea where this was going. I couldn't give out free piercings. I didn't own the shop.
"Genital piercings are fifty bucks; the boys can have you fill out the release forms over by the jewelry counter." I smiled
"Well I thought we could work something out?" She raised her eyebrow and smiled widely.
"Sorry, boss isn't in. He's the one you'll need to talk with about the 'special deals'. He'll be here tomorrow though. He always works on Sundays."
"Ah, that's too bad. I was looking forward to having some fun."
"Yup, I'm jus an employee. Sorry about that." I walked into the piercing room and started cleaning up tools, and getting back to sterilizing things in the autoclave. After a few minutes, Don knocked and told me I had a hood piercing.
"She paid?"
"Yeah, she pulled out about five hundred. Think she just wanted to get a little crazy."
"K, gimme a second to setup." He handed me the release form, and I saw that her name was Carla. After setting up, I called her back and told her she could bring one friend in with her. We do this to be professional. Not that we needed to. There was a camera in the room recording 24/7.
"Oh that's ok, I wanna do this alone."
"Ok, your choice."
"I'll need you to remove your shorts and underwear, and sit on the chair with your butt on the edge if you could, please." I turned to where we kept the jewelry, and to let her get undressed without me just sitting there staring.
"I came by last night, but you weren't here. You pierced my gf's nostril, so I wanted you to do it."
"That's too bad, Mark was here yesterday. He could have given you a deal that you were looking for."
"Yeah, but he's a little old, and your very sexy. If I'm gonna have someone between my legs, I'd rather remember a cute face, ya know?"
"Ah, I see. Did you want a captive ring, or a curved barbell?" I thought changing the subject and keeping it professional would be the best way to go.
"Which do you prefer?"
"Well, people like different things. For healing I would go for the barbell, the hoop tends to snag on things more. You could always change it out later if you don't like it.
"Ok, that's what I want then." I turned around to a completely naked Carla. She was just sitting with a fingernail in between her teeth, parting her lips. I looked at the release form again to make sure I wasn't supposed to be doing nipple piercings too. Just the hood though.
"I'm sorry; I didn't mean you had to take off all your clothes."
"I wanted to, why? You don't like?"
"Yes, you're very hot; you just caught me by surprise." I brought the tray around in front of her, along with the stool and sat in front of her as the procedure goes. I like smaller boobs, so she really had my attention. She had an a cup, maybe small b. Her pussy didn't disappoint. It wasn't discolored with labia hanging all over the place. It was a great shade of pink. Her lips were like a rose that was ready to bloom, but not yet. They were very small and tucked in. Not a hair in sight. She was very wet. High on her thighs was a sheen of wetness. There were a few spots on the barber chair.
"I won't be able to... you know... rub that area for a while, will I?
"Three weeks and you should be fine." I said with a smile.
"I know this isn't the norm, but I'm really turned on. Do you mind if I... get myself... off? It won't take long at all; I'm dripping as if you haven't noticed."
"Umm... sure, I'll go outside for ten minutes, do you think that will give you enough time?"
"Oh no, I want you to sit right in front of me. I'll get off quicker. Not that it will take much."
We were way beyond professional at this point. Why the hell not right?
"Yeah... sure, be my guest. Carla was not bashful at all. She dove right in. Watching her play with clit, stirred my dick to life. I was getting rock hard. Soon she was panting, and I was tenting. She started twisting her nipples, and that set her off. She was a screamer! I couldn't hear the music we had playing in the shop for a couple seconds. I was sure the people outside the door had heard. Once she rested and was coming around, I handed her a few towels, and she cleaned herself up.
After a few more minutes I asked if she was ready. With the green light, I pierced her and she sat admiring the new piercing. She didn't seem like she was in a hurry to get dressed. I handed her the care instructions, and went over them with her.
"And with that, you're good to go. Just take care of it, and enjoy your new piercing." I said with a smile. I got up to throw away the trash and clean off the tools, to get them ready for a soak, and autoclave. When I turned around, Carla was standing right behind me still naked. I backed up to the sink a step totally caught off guard. She stepped into me with a small kiss on the lips.
"I want to give you your tip!" She said with a sly grin. Before I could say anything, she had ripped my boxers and baggy pants off to my ankles, and already had my dick in hand. I was still hard from her earlier show. Her tongue circled my head, then down the shaft. I was holding onto the counter it felt so good. I felt her mouth suck in one of my balls as she looked into my eyes. We never broke eye contact after that. That turned me on more, as I felt myself harden more... Which I didn't think was possible. I could feel my heart beat. Every time she licked or kissed the side, my dick jumped like it just went into shock. She giggled a bit, and lapped at it, making it jump every time. I was going crazy. Five more seconds of this, and I was gonna have to face fuck her. I took out my pa ring, as she grabbed the base and started stroking me.
"You like your tip? All I have are big bills, and this is so much more fun."
"Yeah, I love it. I wrapped my hand in her silk hair and pulled her towards the head of my dick.
"You're right, time to take care of this beautiful cock!" She very quickly engulfed me all the way down till her nose was buried in my pubes. That is if I had any.
"Ah Fuck'n Jesus h... "No one had ever done that to me. I'm not big, but it seemed with the length and prolly mostly width, it was just enough for this not to happen.
Putting my hand back on the counter, I braced myself for a ride. She was switching from hand to mouth, to deep throat. Slower than faster, slower than faster, she was getting me close.
"You like that blue eyes?"
"OH... God, you've got me so close..."
"Hehe, I'll take that as a yes." After a couple minutes I was ready to blow my top.
"Ahhh... I'm about to cum!" I thought should would stroke me to finish, but she just went faster. Carla swallowed every drop except one little dribble and I didn't think I was gonna stop... I hadn't cum that much in a while. Standing there while I tried to catch my breath, she continued to suck till every drop was gone. Her tongue came out over her lip, and licked up the dribble she didn't get.
"Was that ok?"
"Was that... Are you kidding me? That was the best I've ever had."
"Ha! Nice try, but thanks."
"Why would I lie, it's not like I know you? Guess it doesn't matter if you believe me or not." We were both putting our clothes back on, and getting ready to go back out. I'm sure there were piercings lining up.
"Well, I've only been with one asshole, so I figured with my inexperience you had a lot better."
"One guy huh? You were a fast learner! But then again, I just got out of a 5 year relationship a couple months ago, so I'm sure your title will be stripped soon." I was trying to hold a straight face, but it wasn't working. I did get a full on punch in the arm that kinda hurt, as she called me a jerk. Her laughing died down.
"Is this your real cell number on this business card?"
"Yeah, just in case of emergencies or whatever."
"Well I'm gonna take one, working tomorrow?"
"Yeah, usually am."
"Well maybe I'll have to... Visit you again."
"You're gonna run outta places to pierce."
"No piercing. Just a reminder of who the best cocksucker is." She said with a smile, and walked out the door. I tried to tell her that she had a little bit of dried cum on her chin, but she shut the door to fast. Oh well, I was sure her friends would tell her. I only had a few tongue piercings waiting that didn't take too long. After that it was a pretty much the same as any other day.
I got home this time without incident. No red car following me. My phone buzzed while I was watching some TV, and Brian was at a bar wanting me to come have a couple with him. The bar was only 5 minutes away, so I just walked there. The rest of the band was there. There were some other people there I knew, besides the owner. Butch would close up and let us keep drinking in the back sometimes. I went up to the bar and order a couple of shots of jager. A woman walked up beside me. She was prolly 23, early twenty's anyway. She ordered an O'Doul's.
"Butch, you actually sell that shit here?"
"Yeah, it's mostly for the designated drivers."
"A beer with no alcohol... Isn't that like dating a woman without a pussy?" Butch laughed.
"Yeah, it is. But it sells, so I keep it."
"You know what, you're really an asshole!" The woman chimed in.
"I will not apologize for being the coolest person you've ever met." Butch was doubled over at this point.
I had a smile, but when I turned to face her, she was gone. Her retreat was to a group of girls on the dance floor. I paid Butch, and got back to the table. The boys had been drinking all night. They were raising hell. Especially Brian, once you got him yelling "I NEED A DOUBLE!!!" You knew the night was gonna be interesting. I was looking forward to it anyway. I downed my shots and headed back up to the bar. Ordered 2 more doubles this time, as I had some catching up to do.
When I got back to the table, 5 women were sitting there talking to everyone. I recognized the O'Doul's girl sitting by our guitarist giving me an evil eye. This fire crotch was sitting in my seat. She was about a 7 on the 10 scale.
But I was still at level 2. Chaz has a drunken state scale. Friends made it up for me after 5 years worth of drinking and recognizing that there are 3 stages. 1 is Chaz Boss. This is where I'm feeling pretty good. I'm just starting to get a buzz, feeling frisky, and coming out of my shell. 2 is Chaz Extreme. I am drunk. Things are starting to swirl just a bit. I'm horny and an asshole. Shit really doesn't start to go wrong, but there's great potential. 3. We've just hit Chaz Supremacy. Please fasten seat belts. I have trouble with doors at this point. Inanimate objects start to talk to me. Anything can and usually will happen. You get the point. My friends try to stay in the stop me at the 2.5 range.
"Hey Red, you're in my chair."
"I didn't see a name on it." In a very snobbish kinda way. I wasn't a fan already.
"Yeah, well it didn't say fat ass either did it?" Not the usual pickup line she's used to, but at this point I'm going with a more original and colorful approach. Well, not really, I just wanted my fuck'n chair back. She wasn't fat by any means. She looked like Kristen Dunst with bigger boobs. She gave me a lingering look. I wasn't sure whether she was going to kick me in the balls or kiss me.
"How about we share?" She said. I shrugged. What was I supposed to do? Start throwing beer nuts at her all night till she got out? We shared the chair and I started talking to my friends. I had never tried to pick up a girl at a bar, so I didn't try. I waited for her to say something to me; if she was gonna talk to me. Eventually she did. Her snob costume slowly fell, and she started laughing with us, telling us jokes. Her name was Wendy, and I overheard someone call the O'Doul's girl by her name, Marry. Every time Wendy would start talking to me, Marry would interrupt her with some inane comment, or drag her off to the bathroom. When the two came back, they shared a chair on the other side of the table. Marry was trying her best to stop us from hooking up. This chick was the type who would take scuba diving lessons just to cock block endangered whales from fuck'n. It was time to cut my losses.
"I'm outta here guys, call ya later." My buddies pissed and moaned calling me a "pussy" as usual, but they said their goodbyes. I got to the street before she called out to me.
"Chaz, where are you walking to? Do you need a ride?" Wendy yelled out.
"Nah, I live just a couple blocks over, that's why I walked. Do I look like white trash or something? Like I can't afford a car?"
"No, I was just wondering because I want to come with you."
"What about your friends?"
"I already told them I was going with you."
"Well that's kinda presumptuous of you, isn't it?"
"Oh, come on. I thought we were getting along pretty good."
"Well, you just gonna stand there, or follow me home?" She caught up to me, and we talked all the way to my apartment. I freshened up in the bathroom, and then asked Wendy if she wanted something to drink, but she declined. She hopped into the bathroom while I put on some music. I was in my room trying to make it presentable when she came out in her bra and panties. It was a red laced set that was very sexy. As she made her way to my bedroom, I turned off all the lights in the rest of the apartment. I walked in my room, and she was already under the covers.
As I slid under the covers and our lips met, she prodded my mouth with her wet tongue. Her lips were wet as if she just licked them. She turned her head and I was licking her earlobe.
"I'm on the pill, don't worry about protection." This is something I was thinking more and more about since my long term relationship ended. I had bought condoms if this ever came up.
"Can't be too safe." I said as I fished a condom out of my drawer.
"Your loss."
I went back to kissing her neck as she started taking off my boxers. My hand snaked lower to take her bra off, but I realized quickly she was naked. I massaged her breasts and pinched her nipple which elicited a grateful moan. She started running her hand up from the base of my dick to my head until she found my piercing (Yes, this is a re occurring fact in my life that usually brings a conversation). She didn't say anything except take off the covers to get a better look. Her hand started stroking me as she was running her fingers through my hair. I took a nipple in my mouth after licking, and sucking on it. I was drunk, but figured she was getting lubed up at this point. Snaking my hand lower, I parted her lips. She moaned as my hand grazed her clit, and found the fountain that was dripping to my sheets.
I fumbled around with condom, as I wasn't used to putting one on. Finally I climbed on top and got the condom a lil more wet with her juices, running my head up and down her lips. Slowly pushing in and out I inched my way in. She put her hand on my ass and pulled my quickly back into her. I got the impression that this girl just wanted to fuck and not make love. She wrapped her legs around me and pushed my hips up with her hands, and slammed me down with her legs. I started thrusting faster and harder. She was just chanting "Yes, yes, yes!" I felt her cum underneath me as her body shuttered.
Wendy pushed me off and got on all fours. I was not delicate on my re entry. As my body slapped against hers, she was pushing me backwards. It wasn't long till my back was against the head board and she was fucking me. Her panting noises would get louder when she was screaming "Chaz, I'm about to cum. Don't stop." I hadn't moved a muscle in her last 2 orgasms in this position. I had a problem that was becoming very clear though.
I could not cum. I don't know if it was the beer or condom. Maybe it was a combination of both. Something had to happen soon, as I wasn't going down either. I could tell she was getting tired, but she was coming up on another orgasm. So I did what every red blooded respectable young man would do. I faked it. As we calmed down, I removed the condom quickly and put it in the trashcan so there was no evidence, or lack of I should say. We lay in the bed talking for a while, and she excused herself to the bathroom.
I thought she was just going to freshen up, but she came back fully clothed. I let her know it was ok to stay the night, but she didn't want to leave her car at the bar, so after our good bye, she left. This was gonna take some getting used to. I had been with more women in the past few months than I had in the last five years. It was great and lonely all at the same time. I'm not at all complaining, the bachelor life was just different.
*
Time frame changed because you don't want to hear about the week that goes by and nothing happens. So things will be happening a lot faster than normal. Please forgive any mistakes you'll find. I don't have an editor because I didn't want to bother anyone. I'm not real confident on writing sex scenes, so if anyone has suggestions, or maybe want to collaborate with me, I would consider it a great help and honor. Be gentle please, but feedback, voting, or email would be great. Lets me know someone wants to keep reading.
Slow_Roosevelt
PS: There's a lot more to tell. My strip club adventures, more antics and debauchery at the shop. My next girl friend eventually, but that would be many stories ahead. Thanks for reading and voting!