Joe was halfway down the last page of his inventory list. Now that it had been a few weeks, he was getting used to his new kitchen, pantry and walk-in freezer. When he'd first purchased the restaurant, the place had been in disarray.
The previous establishment had been a shitty diner that served reheated frozen food and where the level of culinary knowledge across the entire staff was slightly higher than that of a college kid whose diet consisted of KD and ramen. The end result was that nothing was set up the way it should be. Being a chef, and running a restaurant took a lot of different skills. Obviously, you needed to know how to make good food, but what most people didn't realize was that that was only a small part of it. Once the recipes were perfected, the lion's share of the work was in figuring out how to get tons and tons of orders out of the kitchen quickly.
In order to do that, a good restaurant's kitchen was like a factory assembly line. Every single thing had its place. It was within reach and it was ready to be used right when it would be needed. Food was not prepared as you ordered it. It was cooked when you ordered it, but the prep work was done long before that. A good mise-en-place was the difference between a good cook and a great cook. Joe took great pride in preparing his kitchen for service, so that when that dinner rush hit, there were no surprises and his line cooks could focus on churning out good food, and not on putting out fires.
Granted, those dinner rushes hadn't exactly been stressful for the line cooks yet, but things were slowly picking up. It was one in a thousand restaurants that took off right out of the gate, the rest of them started slow, built a customer base and grew from there, mainly from word of mouth and good reviews. Eventually, if you got lucky as an owner, you would hit a tipping point, and the restaurant would become a local sensation.
Joe was still far from that tipping point, but he was seeing his dinner numbers slowly creep up. If things kept going the way they were going, in a couple of weeks, he could hire another line cook, which would free him up from having to both run the restaurant and work the line every night.
In truth, Joe probably could have already hired that cook, but it would have meant stretching his already tight finances tighter, and it also would have meant accepting that he was no longer a true cook. Sure, he could call himself a chef, because he still set the menu and managed the kitchen, but he would not actually be cooking food, and that was what had gotten him into this business so many years ago. That was before he decided he was tired of working for owners who knew nothing about food, and who collected all the profits, while he put in all the work.
Only now did he realize how much more work he needed to put in to make his own restaurant profitable.
Joe's thought process was interrupted by a sound coming from the front of the restaurant.
"Hello?" Joe called.
No one else was supposed to be working tonight.
"Hey!" came a female voice from the other side of the kitchen door just moments before it swung open to reveal the voice's owner.
"Janice. What are you doing here? The restaurant's closed tonight," Joe said, stating the obvious.
"I forgot to write down my schedule before I left on Sunday, so I was just coming to check it. I wouldn't want to miss a shift, Boss," she said, a broad smile on her face.
Janice was Joe's hostess, and simultaneously one of the best and worst things that had happened to him since opening the restaurant. Janice had showed up and applied for a job during the first week that the restaurant was open. At the time, Joe thought that he was in way over his head, and was within one mental breakdown of giving up and selling the restaurant that he had only so recently purchased.
He had been managing the front of house staff, the kitchen staff, working the line, managing inventory, and dealing with all the administrative work that came from owning the place. Something had to give.
That's when Janice showed up. Janice was a college student. She told Joe she was taking a year off school. She wanted to work for a semester to save up some money, and then go abroad for a semester, all while she figured out what she wanted to do.
When she first applied, Joe told her that he wasn't hiring, but she was persistent, and he had finally accepted to give her a job, if only because he didn't have the energy to argue, and because hostesses didn't make that much anyway.
In her first week, Janice had turned so much around that Joe wondered how he had survived without her. She was not only an excellent hostess - customers loved her - she also had experience waiting tables, and could pitch in and help the wait staff when necessary. Plus, she was dependable. She was never late, nor did she ever miss a shift, and she would even cover for others when they missed their shifts.
As a general rule, when you worked in restaurants, you got used to working with less than dependable people. The younger ones did the jobs part time, and didn't care enough to take it seriously. The older ones had started off with those same bad habits and had never changed them. In Janice, though, he had an employee he could count on. It was only a matter of weeks before she started taking on more responsibilities, and was taking care of scheduling for the front of house, as well as other managerial duties that were above her pay grade. The moment it looked to Joe like he wasn't about to go bankrupt, he increased the girl's wages, lest she realize how important she was and decide to shop her talents around elsewhere.
That was the good side of Janice. The bad side was only a bad side depending on how you looked at the situation. Janice was twenty years old. There was a little more than a ten year age gap between her and Joe.
She was responsible and dependable, but she was also free spirited. One only needed to take a look at her to see it. In addition to a nearly permanent mischievous smile, her hair often had a streak of a different colour in it. She wore things in her ears that made holes that one could put a pinky finger through. Joe had learned that those were called spacers. She also had multiple tattoos, although none were in places that customers could see.
The only reason Joe knew about the tattoos was because of the part of Janice's personality that went along with the free spirited look. Janice was something of a tease. She wore tight clothes and low cut shirts. The girl was tiny. She couldn't have been taller than 5'2, if that, and Joe knew she had never seen a third digit on a scale.
Her figure was almost boyish. Almost. There was still just enough woman to drive a man crazy, especially when someone dressed the way Janice did. When she was working, she would dress professionally in pencil skirts and blouses. Unfortunately, both, although professional, were insanely sexy. Her blouses were always buttoned to a point that straddled the line between appropriately sexy and scandalous. One could always make out just enough of the swell of her small, but perky breasts, but never saw so much as a hint of her bra. She did such a masterful job of not crossing that line that Joe never felt he could justify bringing it up.
Her skirts hugged her tight ass so that it removed any delusions of boyishness. While it was nowhere near as round or as full as his wife's behind, Janice's ass was what teen fantasies were made of.
What made all this worse was that Janice took every opportunity to tease her boss.
On this particular night, when she was off duty, she wasn't in her usual pencil skirt and white blouse uniform. Instead, she was in cut off jean shorts, a tank top and flip flops. The cut off jean shorts rode low, and were cut off high, making them absurdly tiny. The tank top, stopped just below her belly button, exposing a portion of her midriff between the top and the bottom that gave Joe a glimpse of one of those tattoos that he rarely saw when customers were in the establishment. It was just inside her right hip bone. There wasn't enough of it showing for Joe to discern what it was, but whatever it was, it looked like it dipped below the waist of those jean shorts to a significant degree. That meant it was close to...
Joe immediately tried to banish thoughts of the young girl sitting in a tattoo artist's chair, a needle dangerously close to her most private of areas. This was the part of Janice that he had trouble with. Even when she was being completely innocent, she managed to cloud his mind.
"Oh, go ahead," Joe said. "The schedule's hanging in the office. You know where it is."
"Thanks, Boss," she said, with a smile, as she bounced into the office.
Joe shook his head and returned to his inventory. He was almost done, and he could get home to his wife. He really hoped she hadn't finished that bottle of wine.
He moved to the salad station, and bent down to open the cold storage under the prep table, so he could count the vegetables in there. He jotted numbers down besides each veggie and straightened, as he did, his back bumped into something soft.
"Oops. Sorry, about that," Janice said.
Joe jumped. He had not heard her get so close to him.
"Didn't mean to startle you, Boss."
"No, it's okay. I just didn't hear you. Got your schedule? Everything okay?"
"Yeah. Pretty much same as last week, so all good. Can I help you out here?"
"No, no. I'm almost done anyway. You go on and enjoy your night off. I'm sure you have better things to do."
The cute twenty year old flashed him another smile. Her white teeth contrasted beautifully with her tanned skin.
"Actually, no plans tonight. Just going to head home, lay in bed, and watch some TV. All by myself."
Somehow, she took an activity that Joe had done hundreds of times in his own life, and made it sound sexy. This girl was trouble.
"Well, sometimes a relaxing night at home is a good thing."
"I guess, but why don't you let me help you finish this up, so that you can get done quicker and have a relaxing night of your own. After all, isn't this supposed to be your night off, too?"
"It's fine. Like I said, not too much longer. Then I can go home and see Jenny."
Joe felt compelled to slip his wife into conversations with Janice as often as he could.
"I'm sure she's not thrilled that you're still here at this time on your day off."
Joe winced at the truth of the girl's words.
"Well, I'll be home soon."
"And you'll be home even sooner if you let me help you. Just tell me what you need a count on, I'll do the count and you can mark it down. Come on. No sense arguing. We could have been done by now."
It was amazing how much sense she seemed to make.
"Umm... sure. Okay. Why not. Thanks. Heads of Romain?"
Janice gave him a mock salute, like a soldier going into battle, and immediately found the right under-counter storage where the lettuce was stored. No one else who worked in the front of house would have been able to do that.
She opened the stainless steel door, put a hand on the counter and bent at the waist to get a look inside.
"Three. Next?" she said.
Joe missed the number. He was too busy staring at the tight twenty year-old bottom that was bent in half in front of him. The tight little shorts were not meant to be worn on a person in this position. The bending caused them to slide down, in the twenty year-old vixen version of plumber's crack. With her shorts sliding down, an impossibly thin string appeared from between the young girl's butt cheeks and wrapped around her waist.
Joe swallowed hard.
"Boss? Boss?" Janice said, finally poking her head out of the under-counter storage. When she noticed where he was staring, she smiled.
Joe cleared his throat when he realized she was now looking at him.
"Sorry, lost my page," he said, as he flipped through the pages in his clipboard only to end up right back where he had started. "How many did you say?"
"Threeeeee," she said, drawing out the word slowly.
"Right."
"Arugula?"
"Two."
Joe forced himself to stare at the clipboard and not at the beautiful young woman in front of him. That way he could hopefully remain focused, and avoid embarrassing himself by tenting the front of his jeans.
They carried on the count of things under the counter, until finally Joe got to the inventory section about cleaning supplies. Cleaning supplies were stored not under the counter, but on a shelf above the work station.
Most of the people who worked in the kitchen were men, and as such, that meant that most were 6 or more inches taller than Janice. None of them would have had a hard time seeing or grabbing any of the cleaning supplies, but the petite hostess had to strain and raise herself onto her tip toes to see what was on the shelf.
When Joe saw her struggling he considered telling her to switch places with him. He could do the count, and she could jot it down. Except that when he really saw what the girl was doing, he had to once again swallow hard.
On her toes, Janice's small jean shorts once again struggled to cover her 20-year old bottom, only this time, instead of exposing the top of a g-string, the shorts were riding upwards, and were instead exposing the bottom half of two of the tightest and roundest butt cheeks Joe had ever seen.
Joe thought of himself as an ass man. It was one of the reasons he was so attracted to Jenny. She had what was sometimes referred to as an "apple-bottom." A round and juicy bum, that he loved to squeeze and slap when they were making love - even if she sometimes protested.
Janice's ass was nothing like that. It was small and firm, and the roundness was more under control, but the skin looked so smooth, and given the size of the g-string he had seen earlier, it was practically completely bare under those jean shorts. Joe felt his jeans getting uncomfortably tight.
"That's 5 packs of sanitizer up here, Boss," Janice said. She was facing away from him, so he had no way of knowing whether or not she could tell what she was doing to him.
"Umm..." Joe struggled to get a grip, "I think we're done."
They weren't done, but there were only a couple of items left, and Joe was pretty certain they would't run out by tomorrow, and he needed to stop staring at his gorgeous twenty year old employee.
Janice dropped back onto the ground, and then leaned backwards on the counter.
"You sure? You weren't kidding. You really were almost done."
"Yep. All done."
"Well, that's great, Boss, now you can go back to the wife before she bites your head off," she said.
As she said this, she smiled and reached forward. Joe had a moment of panic. He thought she was reaching out to touch him, but Janice was actually reaching past him, for something on the counter behind him.
Apparently, the item was just out of her reach, because she stretched and struggled for a moment. That moment was all it took for Joe to get a glimpse down the front of her tank top. His eyeballs nearly popped out of his head, as he realized that Janice wasn't wearing a bra under her tank top. Instead, her small perky breasts stayed in place by themselves. From this position looking down her shirt, he got a clear view of a set of wonderfully firm 20 year-old breasts, capped by small brown nipples. And was that his imagination or was there something shiny there?
Janice must have finally gotten what she was reaching for, because she straightened up, and Joe did his best to act as if he had not just gotten a wonderful free show.
Unfortunately for Joe, what Janice had been reaching for was a banana from the dessert station. As she straightened up, she peeled the phallic fruit, and then just held it in front of her mouth. She paused. Then looked at Joe.
"So, what do you have planned for when you get home?" she asked.
"Uhh... nothing really. We're probably just going to watch television and go to bed."
"Ah. Netflix and chill," she said, her trademark mischievous grin appearing. The banana still hovered just inches in front of her face, causing all sorts of images to run through Joe's mind.
"Yeah. Something like that," Joe said, "Except at our age, it actually means what it sounds like."
Janice laughed.
"Your age? You make it sound like you're ancient. What are you, 30, Boss?"
"A little older than that, but close enough."
"Well, that still sounds young to me. You're in your prime, and you definitely don't look old." As she said the last part, she rested the banana against her lips, and her eyes trailed up and down his body.
Joe felt like a piece of meat. He wondered if this was what women felt like. Except, he couldn't really say he didn't enjoy the attention.
"Well, what are you up to on your night off?"
"I was supposed to go to this house party with a guy, but I don't feel like it," she said taking a bite of the banana. Joe hid a wince.
"You don't seem too excited about it."
"It's going to be lame. Last time I went, it was mostly just a bunch of college guys chugging beer and being immature. They're all just a bunch of boys."
"What makes you think guys your age are immature?"
"Well, for one, they have no idea how to act around a woman. The last party we were at, we all ended up in the hot tub, because I was bored of watching idiots do keg stands. I wasn't expecting to get wet, so I went in just my underwear and you should have seen them. They couldn't stop staring. It was like they'd never seen a girl before. It was just a bunch of losers in a hot tub with hard-ons."
Joe imagined what she would look like in a hot tub if she were wearing the underwear she was wearing now. A g-string and nothing else. Even if she kept her tank top on, if it were wet it probably might as well not exist.
"Well, Janice, boys will be boys. And I'm sorry to break it to you, they probably won't grow out of that phase."
The college girl looked at him, still holding the banana in front of her mouth. She was now playing with the tip with her tongue. Whether it was unconscious or deliberate, he couldn't tell, but he had bigger problems to deal with. Figuratively speaking. He had moved the clip board in front of his groin to hide the increasingly obvious erection he was now sporting.
"Really, Boss? I have a hard time believing that. I can't imagine you acting like a giant meathead just because a girl takes off a few pieces of clothing."
"I guess it depends on the girl."
"What if that girl were me?"
Fuck. He'd walked into that one.
"Uhh... well... I mean... you work for me. So, I... uhh... don't think of you that way. It wouldn't be professional."
"Oh. Of course not. I just mean, someone who looked like me. Would you stare if someone who looked like me started stripping in front of you?" she asked, the banana resting against her lips.
Joe thought his cock was going to burst through the seams of his jeans.
"Ummm... p - probably," he said.
"Really? Little ol' me?" she said. With the hand that was holding the banana, she was now running a finger along the side of her torso, tracing the outline of the side of her breasts down to her thin waist and arriving at the waistband of her nearly non-existent jean shorts, before traveling back up again.
"Umm... well, you're a very pretty girl, Janice. Men... of all ages... are going to take notice," he was no longer thinking about the words that he was saying. Instead he was trying to focus on a part of the girl that wasn't sexy. It was like trying to find the coldest part of a fire.
"Yeah, maybe. But, I mean, it would be nice if it wasn't so clear what they wanted."
"What do you mean?"
"I mean, all they want to do is fuck me. I mean, I know that's not what you would be thinking even if you were looking at me. Right, Boss?"
Joe shook his head vigorously, as if denying it more strongly would make it less likely to be true. In fact, the only thing he'd been able to think of for the last few minutes was fucking this beautiful creature.
Janice smiled.
"That's what I thought. Anyway. I should let you get back to your wife. Have a great night, Boss."
The look of pure sex on Janice's face switched suddenly and the mischievous grin was back. In the blink of an eye, she hopped up next to him, put a hand on his chest for balance, and got on her toes to give him a peck on the cheek before turning on her heels and walking out of the kitchen waving.
Joe didn't have any time to react or even say goodbye. She was gone before he could say a word. Instead, he sucked in a deep breath and tried to calm himself.
"Damn college kids," he thought, as he readjusted his penis in his pants, and dropped his clipboard. He needed to get back to his wife.
#
Joe wiggled the keys in the lock to his condo door, and pushed it open.
"Honey, I'm home," he called, as he locked the door behind him.
Turning to get a look into his home, Joe was a little surprised by the view that greeted him. The lights were all out, and Jenny was nowhere to be seen. He had expected her to be waiting for him on the couch. Even if she had finished the bottle of wine, he figured she would have fallen asleep in front of the television.
She must have been angrier than he thought if she'd gone to bed already.
"Shit," he said under his breath.
But that was when he noticed a few things were out of place. For one, every light in the condo was off. Usually, Jenny liked to leave the small light under the stove hood on, even after going to bed in case she decided to wake up in the middle of the night.
Also, the furniture was out of place. His recliner was pulled over by the window, and it was facing outwards.
Lastly, an empty glass of wine stood on the end table. Jenny would leave a glass of wine on an end table if she had fallen asleep on the couch, but if she'd actually gone to bed, she would have put away that glass. That was just Jenny.
Joe took a few more steps into his condo without switching on the lights, and tossed his keys onto the kitchen counter which acted as a divider between kitchen and living room. That's when he noticed the open bottle of wine. It wasn't empty. So, she hadn't finished the bottle?
"Jenny?" Joe called again.
This time he heard noise coming from the bedroom. A few moments later, his wife appeared, wearing absolutely nothing. She crossed the few steps between them and jumped into his arms, placing a passionate kiss on his lips.
The erection that had finally subsided on his car ride home, came back instantly.
'Yes. Three glasses of wine,' Joe thought.
As he thought this, his wife continued to embrace him. Her tongue slipped into his mouth, and her hands roamed all over his body. Jenny was normally reserved in the bedroom. After a few glasses of wine, she might get a little more passionate, but this was above and beyond even for drunk Jenny.
Finally, his wife let him come up for air.
"Miss me?" Joe asked, a smile painting his face.
"Yes. Now, come in the bedroom and fuck me."
Joe couldn't believe his ears. In all the years they'd been married, and even before then, he had never heard his wife ask to be fucked. No matter how drunk she got. He wondered what had gotten into her.
He didn't spend too much time wondering, though, as his hard-on was once again getting uncomfortable in his restrictive jeans.
"You don't need to ask me twice," he said.
Jenny disentangled herself from his arms, ran back into their bedroom and jumped onto their Queen sized bed.
Joe followed her in, already reaching for his belt buckle.
The light in the bedroom was on, and so Joe took a moment to admire his wife.
Jenny was the definition of girl next door beautiful. She had light brown hair that fell to just below her shoulders. Her face was cute, and even a little girlish, with a button nose, and if you looked really closely, some light freckles. He had always been amazed by her hazel eyes, which seemed to change colour by the minute. He'd always thought his own dark brown eyes were boring in comparison.
As he let his gaze drop lower, he admired his wife's toned physique. She worked hard to stay in shape. He had lost count of the different classes she took. It may have been yoga, or pilates, or zumba, or maybe some combination of the three? Whatever she was doing, it was working. She was slim, but with none of the hard lines that Joe had seen on some women who spent far too much time at the gym. No, Jenny's body had gentle curves. They were not the outrageous curves of a pornstar, but neither could anyone claim that she wasn't feminine. She found a perfect balance between the two.
Her breasts were not large, but big enough for him to get a handful. While they were by no means sagging, his wife's larger breasts and the additional decade of gravity meant that they did hang a tad lower than the twenty year old girl he'd seen just minutes before.
He didn't care, though, to him it made her all the more appealing.
Her B-cup breasts were capped by pretty pink nipples with areolas that were the size of a silver dollar. He knew how sensitive those nipples were.
He kept allowing his gaze to fall lower to her hips. She was facing him, so he couldn't get a good view of her ass, but he could see the curve of her hips. Joe had always fancied himself an ass man, and Jenny's was one of the finest he had ever seen.
Her apple-bottom was the perfect size for him to squeeze when he held her in his arms, to grab on to if he were making love to her in a missionary position, or to slap if he were riding her from behind (but only if he got carried away, because he would usually get scolded for that afterwards).
If anyone asked Joe what his favourite feature on his wife was, he would say her eyes, but deep down, he knew it was her ass.
Joe allowed his gaze to continue from the hips, to the Y at the intersection of his wife's legs. Jenny had always kept a triangular patch of light brown hair between her legs. She had shaved it once, before they went on their honeymoon, but had seemed embarrassed by it and promptly regrew her cover and never shaved it again.
Joe didn't mind. She always kept it trimmed and neat, and if he got the occasional hair in his mouth when he went down on her, he figured it was nothing compared to what she had to go through to give him a blowjob. Not that he got many of those...
Joe wondered if the dim light coming from the lamp on the night stand was playing tricks on him, because from here, he could swear that he caught glistening from his wife's pussy. Could she really be that wet already? Why was she already naked? Had Jenny started without him? That didn't seem like her.
Before taking the line of questioning too far, Joe continued down the rest of the length of his wife's beautiful body down her toned legs, and painted pink toenails. Jenny's legs weren't exceptionally long, but they were perfectly proportional to the rest of her body, and at 5'5, she was the perfect height for him.
In short, he'd always felt that his wife was the perfect woman for him. She checked all his boxes, and he felt that as a couple, they worked well together. They had a happy marriage, and a decent love life. Sure, he could have asked for a bit more spice, but of late, that was his fault anyway.
"You going to take all night?" Jenny asked him from the bed.
Joe had already removed his jeans and his t-shirt, and was just getting his socks off, leaving him in only his boxers. He didn't need another invitation.
He jumped onto the bed and dove at his wife's lips and neck, allowing his hands to roam from her breasts down to her ass and back again.
Jenny grabbed a handful of Joe's short hair. She allowed her hands to roam over his body as well. As she brought her hand close to his face, he caught a familiar scent. It smelled of... Jenny. So, she had started without him.
'Three glasses,' he thought again.
It only took a few moments for Jenny's hands to roam down Joe's body and to dip under the elastic band of his boxers. She really was more eager tonight than usual. She generally preferred to start slow with a romantic make-out session, but tonight, it seemed, she was pulling out all the stops.
That suited Joe just fine. After the teasing he'd received at the restaurant, and the last few weeks of no relief, he was happy to comply with a request for more speed.
Jenny's hand found his erection and held it firm.
"Feels like someone's ready for me."
"Well, when I get welcomed home like this, it's hard not to be. Although, I don't know how I feel about you starting without me."
For a moment Jenny averted her eyes, as if she were shy, but then she regained her composure and said, "If you didn't leave me all by myself for so long, maybe I wouldn't have to. But that doesn't matter now. You're here now, and I want you to fuck me."
"Happily," Joe said, sliding off his last piece of clothing so that now both of them were completely naked.
Jenny didn't release the grip on his cock. His semi-present erection was now standing at full attention. His cock was as hard as he remembered it ever being.
Despite Jenny's demand that he fuck her, she didn't immediately guide him to her pussy. Instead, she pulled him up by his cock to the upper part of the bed where her head was.
Joe was beside himself. He was about to ask if it was his birthday, but decided that would kill the mood.
Jenny started by placing a kiss on the head, which made Joe shiver. Then she licked along both sides of his shaft, coating him with her saliva. Repositioning herself so that her head was under him, she tongued his balls one at a time. As she did so, her hand stayed gripped firmly around his length and she stroked it slowly. After the merciless teasing, Joe wasn't sure how long he would be able to last. He considered asking Jenny to stop, but he couldn't bring himself to utter the words.
After ensuring that both his balls had been thoroughly tongue bathed, Jenny repositioned herself yet again, so that the tip of Joe's cock was right at the entrance of her mouth. She looked up at him from her position kneeling on the bed.
"I've missed this," she said, pouting.
The sexiness of his wife's voice almost made Joe come then and there, but he squeezed his fists and regained his composure.
When Joe didn't answer anything, Jenny proceeded to pop the head of his erection into her mouth, swirling her tongue all around it.
Joe closed his eyes, and involuntarily, an image of Janice, bent down in front of him, popping his cock into her mouth appeared in his mind.
He opened his eyes, and came back to reality, where he saw his beautiful wife of five years, bobbing up and down his shaft with an enthusiasm he hadn't seen in a long time... maybe ever.
Joe wasn't sure what had gotten her this excited, but he was enjoying it. Maybe a little too much. The combination of her hand and the warmth of her mouth taking up to half of his erection at any given time was driving him nuts. He needed a cooling off period.
He gently put his hand on the back of Jenny's head, but she misunderstood. Instead of stopping and looking up at him, as he'd intended, she doubled the speed of both her hand and the bobbing on his cock.
Joe sucked in a gasp of air, "Oh, fuck."
He quickly moved his hand from her head to her shoulder, and less gently this time, pushed her back.
Jenny looked up at him, lust written all over her face.
"My turn," Joe said, looking to gain a moment of respite.
"Honey, I think that was your turn."
"Fine, then your turn. Whatever. Just get on your fucking back."
Jenny's eyes widened for a moment, but then the wicked smile was back and she said, "Yes, Sir."
Who was this woman?
She positioned herself with her head on a pillow, her legs spread, and knees bent. She knew what was coming.
Joe wasted no time, immediately diving between his wife's toned legs. Normally he would have taken a bit more time, getting to the prize, but that ship had sailed.
Instead, Joe's tongue immediately attacked Jenny's wet pussy, lapping the area where her clit was nestled with broad strokes of his tongue. Jenny's moaning began instantly.
Joe continued the assault with his flattened tongue for a few minutes before changing tactics. He moved down an inch or two and instead speared Jenny's juicy opening, fucking her with his tongue. As he did this, his hands snaked around the back of her and he grabbed a butt cheek in each hand. His wife really did have the best ass, and she loved it when he squeezed it during sex.
Jenny's moaning continued, and she added a hand onto the back of Joe's head, encouraging him to continue. She had no idea what he was doing, but she knew she didn't want him to stop.
Joe couldn't get over how wet his wife was, her juices were dripping down his chin, and he was sure there was a large wet spot on the bed where they were lying.
"Oh, fuck," Jenny said. "I'm so close."
"Cum for me," Joe said, in between thrusts with his tongue.
"So close..."
Joe once again switched tactics. He moved his tongue back to Jenny's clit, but instead of broad lapping strokes, he moved his tongue quickly from right to left, flicking her clit, which brought a sharp inhalation from somewhere above his head. Then, he added the finishing move. He removed his right hand from Jenny's butt cheek, and with no warning, drove two fingers into the wet folds where his mouth had been moments earlier.
Now, both of Jenny's hands were on the back of Joe's head pushing him down hard as her hips were thrusting upwards. It was like she was trying to push his head into her.
Joe continued his dual assault on his wife's clit and pussy.
"Oh god, oh god, oh god," Jenny began babbling. Joe knew what was coming next. Or at least he thought he did.
The hips stop thrusting, and the hands locked where they were. Jenny's entire body seemed to go rigid, and then she let out a wordless shriek.
Joe didn't stop what he was doing, he could feel rivers flowing over his fingers, and even though his tongue was beginning to get tired, he knew that to stop now would be a terrible torture to his wife.
The shriek continued for longer than he would have thought, and then it stopped, along with the pressure from Jenny's hands, and the tightness in her muscles, as she sank back into the bed.
Joe raised himself up from his prone position onto his knees and wiped his chin with the back of his forearm. He grinned like the cat that caught the canary.
Jenny looked at him under hooded eyelids.
"You're proud of yourself aren't you?" she asked.
"I think I did okay," Joe said.
"You did better than okay. In fact, I think you deserve a reward."
Just like that, the drowsiness was gone from her face, and a vaguely familiar smile crept onto her face. It took Joe a moment to recognize that smile, because it wasn't one that he was used to seeing on his wife. Where had he seen it?
It him then. About an hour ago. On his twenty-year old hostess. An image of a post-orgasmic Janice lying on his bed flashed before his eyes, and he blinked it away.
Jenny bounced up from her position and turned around putting herself on all fours and presenting her behind to him. He loved doing it doggy, because of how much he got to look at her ass as he fucked her, but Joe also knew that Jenny avoided the position. He had never been sure why, but he also had never pressed the issue.
His cock was still hard, but luckily the time spent between Jenny's legs had calmed him somewhat and he wasn't on the verge of exploding anymore.
Joe wasted no time positioning himself behind his wife. She was looking back at him, watching him. He used his right hand to guide himself to the waiting opening that was presented to him, while he used his left to steady his wife's round hips.
Joe placed the head of his cock right at the entrance of Jenny's pussy and stopped. He waited there for a few moments.
"What are you waiting for? Put it in," she said.
"Yes, ma'am," Joe said, smiling, getting what he had been waiting for.
With one quick thrust, he was buried to the hilt in Jenny's warm, wet snatch.
The sudden movement took her by surprise and she yelped out, but that was quickly followed by a moan. Joe enjoyed the familiar feeling of being deep inside his wife's pussy for a moment, before slowly withdrawing his dick until only the head was still buried inside her.
Then, after waiting for another moment, he slammed forward. He repeated this slow and deep movement for several more thrusts.
Jenny had dropped down onto her elbows, her head buried in a pillow with only her ass sticking up at him. This was Joe's favourite view of his wife. Laying in front of him, her ass presented to him for a good fucking. Silently, he wished he got to see this sight more often.
Jenny's hands were clutching the pillow in white knuckled fists.
"Oh. Faster. Please. Baby. Do it faster."
Joe didn't bother answering her, instead, he gradually increased his tempo, until he'd gone from long, slow strokes to blazing speed. Every thrust ended in the slap of skin on skin and was punctuated by an unintelligible sound coming from Jenny.
Joe knew he couldn't keep this pace up for long. First, he wasn't as young as he had once been, and his cardio wasn't what it used to be. Second, at this pace, it wouldn't take long for him to orgasm after all the teasing he'd endured at the hands of Janice.
Janice. As he thought of her, visions started dancing through his mind, and before his eyes, the sight of his wife's perfect behind bent over on the bed was replaced with a younger, slimmer ass. This one had a tattoo just above it. Joe had never been all that interested in tattoos, but this one turned him on.
As Joe continued to thrust into the warm, wet pussy in front of him, the image of Janice stayed. He could picture himself buried deep inside that tight young snatch, and even felt like it was constricting around him.
In his mind, the hair that was flopping around on the bed was a light purple colour, and the moans were coming from the mouth of a college cocktease.
Instead of slowing his pace, Joe redoubled his efforts. His pace became merciless. He wanted to fuck the hell out of this girl who had tortured him so much in his own restaurant.
"Fucking tease," he muttered under his breath.
Jenny couldn't hear him over the sound of her own moans which were getting louder and louder, and were now interspersed with "fuck" and "yes" from time to time.
"Take that cock," Joe said, as he raised his right hand, and let it fall on the right ass cheek in front of him.
"Oh! YES!" screamed Jenny/Janice.
He took that as a sign that he hadn't hit her hard enough, and so he raised his hand again, and brought it down again. The slap was loud, and this time, there were no words that escaped from the woman he was fucking, just a long, "oooooh."
In moments, a red hand print appeared on that right cheek.
The thought of punishing his young hostess was getting to be too much for Joe. He hadn't slowed his pace at all, and now he could feel he was only moments away. He could try to hold back, but he didn't want to.
He started to feel the familiar tingling starting at his extremities.
#
Jenny's thoughts weren't particularly coherent. With her head buried in the pillow as it was, she couldn't see anything that was happening behind her, but she wasn't about to complain about the speed and ferociousness of the fucking she was receiving.
This kind of aggression was unusual for Joe, normally he was more of a slow, sensual lover. That made it all the easier for her to imagine that it wasn't actually Joe that was fucking her, but the sandy blonde haired man from across the apartment complex. As she imagined the man pounding her from behind, she squeezed her internal muscles, trying to imagine what it would be like to be filled with his monster member.
The pounding continued, and then she was surprised by a stinging feeling on her right ass cheek. She gasped, but it had felt good. If she could form sentences, she would have asked for another, but she was beyond coherent speech. Luckily, she didn't have to ask, because another came just in time, harder this time.
Jenny was over the moon. Every thrust was filling her up and hitting all the right spots. The backstrokes created tiny moments of want that were immediately replaced as she was once again filled up completely.
A small part of her brain wondered if she should feel guilty imagining being fucked by a man other than her husband, but that voice was so small and soft that it couldn't compete with Jenny's own moaning.
Jenny could feel the beginnings of another orgasm coming, but she could also tell that the man behind her was approaching his own as well. 'Just hold on,' she thought. She was getting close, but she didn't know if she could get there in time.
Then another thought occurred to her. What if her hot blonde neighbor from the other side of the courtyard were watching her right now? What if she were the one on display getting fucked while someone else masturbated? She pictured the hot blonde rubbing her pussy as the sandy haired man plowed her from behind.
She felt a change in the cock inside her. She couldn't tell exactly what it was, but something in the movement had changed, and then it pulled out completely.
It was okay, though, because she was there. The thought of the sandy haired man pulling out to cum all over her, with the statuesque blonde watching from somewhere on the other side of a window was enough to make Jenny howl. She had lost count of how many orgasms she had had tonight, but this one was the most intense. Pleasure racked her entire body, as she twisted the pillows, the sheets, whatever she could grab.
"AAAAAHHHH," she screamed as the feelings washed over her.
#
Joe was already cumming when he heard his lover's screams, but they added to the scene. He pulled out of the tight pussy he had been in and continued his fantasy of coming all over the back of his tiny employee. As he stroked his cock, rope after rope erupted, painting her ass, her lower back, and even shooting as far up as the base of her neck.
Finally, the torrent subsided and Joe collapsed next to his partner.
"Holy fuck," he said.
The woman looking back at him was once again his wife.
"Thank you," she said, her eyes back to the dreamy half-sleeping state.
"Thank me? Thank you!"
"Honey, how much did you cum? I feel like I'm covered?"
Joe looked over at his wife's back, and sure enough, he wasn't sure he'd ever cum that much. The sight of his beautiful wife painted from ass to neck in his cum was almost enough to get him hard again. Almost.
"Let me go get you a towel," Joe said.
By the time he returned to the room, Jenny's eyes were closed and her breath was soft and slow as she drifted towards sleep.