This is a really short story that a guy relayed to me about Mitzi. All of the characters were over the age of 18 at the time this occurred.
*****
An old high school friend of Mitzi's Owens, my ex-wife, told me this story about a drive to Hardees for lunch one day on break from their classes.
Everybody at West Forsyth High School was on lunch break and like always it was a mad dash to Clemmons to eat at Hardees or Taco Bell or wherever.
On this day, as I was driving, I looked at the car next to me and saw Mitzi and one of her GF's, coincidentally also named Mitzi, (Mitzi Coxe), in the back seat of a car being driven by a guy named Mark and some other guy. Both appeared to be straining their necks looking into the back seat.
When I looked back over to see what the fuss was all about, I saw Mitzi and Mitzi kissing! Deep, hot passionate kissing! WOW! This was getting interesting. I tried to keep up without being too obvious. At the stop light I got a good look at the two of them topless and sucking each others tits. This was progressing rapidly! They were slumped down in the seat; I guess they thought no one could see...either that or they didn't care. I knew Mitzi Owens was a slut; she scarcely tried to hide that fact, although at this point in time I had not personally experienced her charms.
I had often wondered about Mitzi Coxe too. She was slimmer than Mitzi Owens and had a really nice set of legs and a perpetual tan. Although nice, her breasts couldn't hold a candle to Mitzi Owens'.
The next time I looked over Mitzi O was sitting up in the seat totally naked with her legs up, holding her knees open with both hands and her ankles resting on the front seat backs. Mitzi C was in the floorboard eating her pussy! By now the guy in the passengers' front seat had turned completely around to watch. He was holding Mitzi O's ankles wide open for her. Not many High School boys had actually witnessed lesbian sex up close and personal. I was watching the girls, but I couldn't help but notice that he was jerking off.
They pulled into the Hardees parking lot (Mitzi O was working part time at Hardees back then) and I made it a point to pull into the space right next to them. They got dressed amazingly fast as they got out, looking a bit disheveled and with a lot more buttons undone on their blouses than was allowed at school. The place was full of our classmates and nearly all of them stopped and stared at those two beauties when they made their bold entrance.
They were absolutely eye-catching. The two Mitzi's were holding hands and giggling like...well, like teenage school girls in heat! LOL! As I got out of my car and glanced into theirs, I saw two bras and at least one pair of panties in the back seat.
The two girls riding with me were trying to act like they weren't watching, but they kept whispering and I heard words like, slut, whore, bitch, dykes, etc... Nobody in the place could take their eyes off of these two pixies as they laughed and giggled all through lunch. I couldn't help but notice that their tits were swaying unobstructed and their shirts were unbuttoned way further than acceptable. The skirts were super short to begin with but now they were sitting on their bare asses on the hard plastic chairs. They seemed totally oblivious to what was going on all around them...or maybe that was their intent all along...to intentionally garner that much attention.
I left shortly before they did. I couldn't be late for my next class no matter how hard my cock was! When we left Hardees and started back to school, I lost track of them, but Mitzi O missed the next period class that we had together.
Later when I asked her why she missed class, she brazenly told me that the four of them had gone to Joannie Moser Park and "Fucked each other crazy..." When I said that I hate I missed THAT!! Mitzi rubbed the front of my pants and said that she would be glad to make it up to me. "After all" she said "You shouldn't be the only guy at West Forsyth who hasn't fucked me! LOL!!"
I sure am glad he told me that story. I asked Mitzi about it after we were married and she quickly admitted it was all true. I asked her if she ever did fuck that guy and she smiled and said "DUAH! Stupid question...LOL"! I asked her then, "Was there anybody at West Forsyth that you didn't fuck?
She replied "DUAH! Stupid question!"