My wife was in a meeting and I had decided to wait in the parking lot so we could go to lunch after. I found a good parking spot and backed into it. As I sat in my car watching videos, I came across a video of a girl in lingerie dancing and it turned me on. I had to reposition my bulging cock in my pants. After a few minutes the throbbing wouldn't go away so I decided to release some pressure.
I set my phone to record and I placed it in the arm of my door. I looked around to make sure no one was around and I unfastened my pants and slipped them down to my feet. I slowly began to massage my cock and of course it grew even harder. I wasn't stroking it very fast because I didn't want any passing cars to catch on to what I was doing.
After a few minutes I saw her, a very hot red head in her early 30's with what appeared to be a nice C cup rack. She was walking from the building right towards my car. I slowed my massaging but didn't stop. As she got closer I heard the sound of her unlocking her car with her key fob. She then turned and walked between our cars and started to reach for her door handle. The anticipation of her possibly catching me almost pushed me over the edge.
She stopped and she turned towards me, my window was open so she began to speak to me. She told me that she was from out of town and wanted to know what was a good place to eat near by. I rattled off a list of places, trying not to make it obvious I was on the verge of a massive orgasm. When I mentioned one place in particular, she nodded and said she had actually heard about that place and had always wanted to try it but it had slipped her mind.
She continued to talk to me about the restaurant, oblivious that I was masturbating. She then asked me the time and I raised my left arm to look at my watch but not removing my right hand from my bulging cock. I didn't miss a stroke. As I gave her the time she noticed I had the newest Apple Watch and of course she wanted to ask questions. As she asked about the display, she stepped back to close her door and she stepped closer to my car. I thought my heart was going to beat out of my chest because I knew she was about to discover what I was doing.
As she stepped close to my car, she froze and she gasped. Her eyes widened and she suddenly said OH MY GOD, WHAT ARE YOU DOING? I grinned and told her how I had gotten horny from a video and just needed to release the pressure of the massive hard on I had. As I was explaining myself, I didn't stop masturbating and she didn't take her eyes off my cock.
She stood there frozen, I wasn't sure if she was going to scream and run and call the cops or if she was going to just stand and enjoy the show. She then asked if I did this often and I told her that I actually have a PornHub account full of videos of me doing this in various busy parking lots. I told her that I always watch my surroundings to make sure there's no way a child would ever see me and she nodded.
She stood there watching me as I slowly stroked my cock. At first I couldn't tell if she was enjoying the show or just stunned with what she had caught me doing. Then I noticed she had lifted her skirt a little and was rubbing her pussy through her panties. As I watched her rub herself, I began to stroke faster. As I could feel my balls starting to tighten I lifted my shirt so I could cum on my stomach and not my shirt.
She leaned back against her drivers door and pulled her skirt higher and moved her sexy red laced panties to the side. I could see her clean shaven pussy, glistening with wetness behind her fingers as she rubbed her clit vigorously. She began moaning and I knew she was about to cum and that threw me over the top. I leaned my head back against my seat and closed my eyes. My cock began to pulse and I could feel the undeniable tingle. Then I felt the first hot spirt of cum hit my stomach and then another on my chest and yet another on my stomach again.
After several large spirts of cum jetted out onto my chest and stomach I felt a soft hand touch my chest. I opened my eyes to see her running her fingers through my cum pools. She grinned as she brought her fingers to her mouth and sucked my cum from her fingers. She reached out again and scooped up another pool of cum and took it to her mouth.
She did this until there was no more cum on my stomach or chest. She then grinned sheepishly and thanked me for the show. She asked me what my PornHub screen name was and I told her. She smiled and said she'd be searching for my videos for a repeat performance later that evening.
She then climbed into her car, started the engine and backed out of her parking space. As I cleaned the rest of the cum off my stomach and balls, I could see my wife coming from the building. I got dressed and she got into the car and we went to lunch.