My wife and I got married at eighteen and after taking some nude pictures of her one night our marriage really started to heat up. It was quite a surprise as Lynn had been raised in a very strict religious home in a small town with her father being the local preacher. So she'd grown up wearing clothes that hid her sexy 5-8, 120 lb, 34-DD-24-35 body, with long red hair and sparkling green eyes she was smoking hot. I'd been surprised she'd agreed to the photo session, and more so when she came in the room wearing a sexy black garter belt & stockings and heels, with a totally see-through red housecoat left open. Even though you already see right through it. It turned out the outfit had been a gift from her cousin. She had red lipstick & eye shadow on, something she had never been allowed to use before. I was turned on like never before seeing my wife looking so sexy.
Once we got the pictures back Lynn couldn't believe how hot she looked in them. But she was even more excited that whoever had developed the film had seen her naked, and it turned out that both of us got turned on by that. We started taking pictures at least once a week, and Lynn was ordering sexy outfits to wear in the pictures. It always included a garter belt & stockings and heels. She still had to dress conservative around town, but at home and when we were out of town she dressed in skimpy outfits that allowed her to show off her sexy body to my friends and to countless strangers out of town. She had turned into an avid exhibitionist. If I had friends over she'd wear loose fitting tops where if she leaned over they could see her big tits, and skimpy shorts that showed off her sexy ass.
Things really took a turn when one night we asked one of my friends to take pictures of Lynn and I having sex. It began with Lynn doing a sexy striptease. It really turned me on seeing her exposing more and more of her, until finally she stood there totally naked in front of him. Soon we were on the bed and my friend was taking pictures of Lynn sucking my cock and me eating her pussy, then us fucking in various positions. He'd taken about six rolls of film, the last roll showing me fucking her big tits and shooting off on her tits & face.
But we didn't have our first threesome until several months later. One of my friends who was about ten years older than us came over to get some advice. He'd bought a camera just like mine and had taken some nude pictures of his girlfriend. But had no idea where to get the film developed, knowing if he took the film anywhere local the whole town would know in no time. I told him there were some ads in the back of most men's magazines advertising uncensored discrete development. I got a surprise when he asked if I'd ever taken any nude photos of Lynn?
I went ahead and admitted that I had, and in a flash he asked if he could see them if he promised to let me see his pictures of his 16 year old girlfriend? I told him it sounded like a good deal to me, but that I'd have to ask Lynn first. While we waited for her to get home we watched a porn movie and John kept commenting how much he was into the girls wearing garter belts & stockings. After waiting about an hour Lynn got home and I told her what all had been said. She was OK with him seeing the pictures, but we worked out another plan to let him see more.
I went back into the family room and told him she'd said she didn't like the way she looked in the pictures, so her said that was fine and that he understood, adding that he bet she looked fantastic in them. John was going to stay and watch the rest of the movie. About half an hour later Lynn came into the room wearing a very conservative dress that buttoned up in front. She stood in front of us and began telling John what I'd said about her not looking that good in the pictures. Then she started unbuttoning her dress and then let it slide off her arms onto the floor. She was wearing a black garter belt with matching bra and panties. She moved her hands over her body as she told him she'd decided to show him the real thing before he saw the pictures.
She turned her back to us and reached back and unhooked her bra and let it fall to the floor, followed by her panties. So she was left with only the garter belt & stockings and heels. She turned letting him see her big tits and hairy red muff. She started running her hands over her body and lifted her tits so she could lick her long hard nipples. After a few minutes of her fondling her big tits she moved closer to us and put one of her feet on the couch between my legs and as we'd planned I unhooked the tabs on her garter belt and slid her stocking off of her long sexy leg. Then she did the same thing with John, only she put her foot where her toes were rubbing against his cock.
After he slid the stocking off Lynn seductively removed the garter belt and stood there totally naked. Then to John's surprise she sat down between us. Soon John and I had a big tit in our mouth as our hands moved over her body, exploring every inch of her. She reached over and started rubbing our hard cocks through our pants. Then started to undo our belts, at which time we began to help her. In no time we had our pants off and Lynn was sucking on John's seven inch cock and then my thick 9 1/2 inch dick.
Lynn had been going back & forth between us sucking us off, then while she was sucking my cock John slid off of the couch and got behind her and slid his cock into her tight pussy. She for the first time had a cock in her mouth and pussy at the same time. I couldn't have imagined how hot it would be to watch another guy fuck my hot wife. And surely wouldn't have imagined how many different guys she'd suck off and/or fuck over the next twenty years. That night we took turns fucking her. She always had one cock in her mouth and another in her pussy. We ended the night fucking her tits and both shooting off on her tits and face.
We had many threesomes with John and over time he convinced his girlfriend to play a game of strip poker with us. She didn't know John had seen Lynn naked many times or that he'd been fucking her. The first time we played we watched a porno after we were all naked and it ended with Lynn sucking me off as we watched Sara suck John off. But over time we ended up swapping and I got to fuck Sara who at 16 was already smoking hot. At 5' 4", 34D-26-36, blonde hair & blue eyes she was sexy as hell. And could suck cock like a pro. And like Lynn loved being fucked in the ass.
They were coming over a couple of times a month and it didn't take long before we skipped the strip poker and just stripped and went right to it. But the big surprise came one night while Lynn & Sara were in the kitchen naked getting us some drinks and Sara planted a kiss on Lynn and they started running their hands over each others sexy bodies. They ended up after servicing John and I eating our cum out of each other's pussy.