Their first day at the clothing optional swingers' resort in Cancun, Mexico was eventful for Prudence and Trevor, the married couple from the UK. Prudence, a 35-year-old blonde personal trainer, while blindfolded had given head to four strangers in the resort's giant hot tub. She did it as part of a game in which she had to pick out her husband's cock from a lineup by performing oral sex.
Over the next day and a half, the Brits and their American friends, Greg and Julie, enjoyed everything Desire Resort had to offer. Prudence and Julie, a dark-skinned goddess in her forties who did not look close to her age, were attracting a lot of attention from the men at the resort. The women both loved showing off their fit bodies.
During the day, the couples participated in various organized nude and sexually charged activities. Trevor had been in the Royal Navy, so he controlled the small catamaran the couples took out on the water on their second day at the resort. The time wearing life vests was the only instance that both Prudence and Julie had their breasts completely covered.
At night, the couples wore costumes or revealing clothing they had brought for preannounced theme nights at the resort night club. In the back of the night club was a playroom. Greg and Julie had poked their heads in the room on their second night at the resort. The room was dimly lit and full of beds.
When the Americans looked in, there was an all-out orgy going on. Well beyond soft swapping (everything but penetration), there was full-on group fucking. Julie and Greg agreed that they were not ready for something that hardcore.
On day three, Prudence and her 50-year-old husband Trevor were enjoying cocktails as they sat on the mattress of a double-wide chaise on the beach. The back of the chaise was raised, and the British couple leaned against it, facing the water and Julie and Greg, a light-skinned black man.
The Yanks, holding drinks themselves, stood with their backs to the water. It was a sunny and warm afternoon. The waves were gently lapping against the shore.
Mexican beaches are technically public even if part of a private resort. Occasionally, guests from neighboring hotels would walk along the beach in front of Desire Resort. It was obvious that these looky-loos were taking their strolls because they wanted a glimpse at the type of nude vacation they were too afraid or too repressed to take themselves.
Juliewas wearing a red micro-thong bikini bottom. The front of the tiny garment was barely enough cloth to cover her small strip of pubic hair which her husband had shaved into the shape of an arrow that pointed at her pussy. She also had on a long white tank top that stopped midway down her backside, so the lower part of her curvy cheeks showed.
The red and white complimented Julie's brown skin. The arm holes of the shirt were so large that they revealed the sides of her breasts. And whenever Julie turned quickly, her right nipple was exposed.
Both men were wearing board shorts. Prudence, as usual, was nude. Prudence slathered sunscreen on her alabaster skin to keep it from burning. She enjoyed how the husbands watched as she rubbed SPF-40 on her nipples and hairless nether region.
The couples, who had known each other for a few years, always had a playful relationship. Flirtation and touching that would be inappropriate in polite society were constants in their interactions. But, until this trip, none of them had actually done anything sexual with a member of the foursome other than his or her spouse.
On day one of this vacation, Julie had her first girl-on-girl experience when Prudence went down on her in front of a crowd of resort guests in the hot tub. What had started as Julie pranking Prudence for a laugh ended with Julie climaxing from Prudence eating Julie's pussy.
Prudence then sucked off both Trevor and Julie's husband Greg in front of the audience. Trevor and Julie had agreed to repay Prudence by each giving her a public orgasm. Greg had agreed to double payment. Two days had passed since then.
After she downed the last of her drink, Prudence spoke. "Julie, you said something interesting after our encounter in the hot tub. Something about returning the favor and grinning in the groove. What exactly does that mean?"
"It's a euphemism," Julie responded, "The grin refers to my mouth and the groove refers to your... you know?"
"No, I don't know," Prudence said in her British accent.
Although, over the past few years, Julie had become at ease showing her body, she was still uncomfortable talking about sex. Julie explained at a normal volume, "It means that I will perform..." then whispered with a little embarrassment, "oral sex on you."
"What? Speak up, Dear." said Prudence.
Whispering even softer and more embarrassed, Julie said, "Cunnilingus."
Prudence said in a loud voice, "What? Seriously, between the sound of the waves and you whispering, I can't hear you."
Julie said quickly and at a volume loud enough to be heard by people walking by, "I will eat your pussy!"
"I heard you the first time. I just love hearing you saying it," Prudence said, then smiled.
"We all enjoy hearing it," said Trevor.
"So Julie, here and now," said Prudence.
"Here and now what?" asked Julie.
"When you promised to return the favor, you said 'just say when and where.' Well, here and now," Prudence said smiling like the cat that swallowed the canary.
"But this is a public beach. Someone might walk by. We might get in trouble," Julie said.
"Well, then I suggest you get to work and get me off quickly before you draw a crowd," Julie said with a smirk.
Trevor stood, moved next to the Americans, and said to Julie, "Here's a tip. Play with her nipples."
"Will that make her orgasm quicker?" Julie asked Trevor.
"It always has in the past," replied Trevor.
"Oh, and take off your shirt," said Greg.
Julie handed her drink to Greg and removed the tank top, fully exposing her bare breasts. She then was wearing only the tiny red bikini bottom. "Wait. Why did I need to take off my shirt?" she asked her husband.
"You didn't. But Trevor and I really like seeing your tits," he quipped. Trevor nodded in agreement.
"Come along, Dear. Chop chop. Time to get your grin in my groove." Prudence said to Julie with a smile.
Having never gone down on a woman before, Julie was not exactly sure how to begin. Her lack of experience paired with her nervousness caused her to hesitate for just a second. After which, she exhaled deeply and thought to herself, "Julie, just do it."
Then, like a cat, Julie pounced on Prudence. Julie looked at Prudence's pink nipples and, keeping in mind what Trevor said, Julie began sucking on them. Julie first sucked the left until it was thoroughly erect, then the right until it matched the left before moving back and forth between them, licking and sucking each.
Julie slowly kissed her way down Prudence's flat tone belly until she reached Prudence's hairless vagina. This was the point of no return. Julie grabbed Prudence firmly by the inner thighs and pushed them far apart. She lowered her head and began licking Prudence's labia. Julie felt Prudence start to squirm beneath her.
The husbands watched mesmerized as Julie pleasured Prudence. Greg made a mental video recording of everything he was seeing so he could play it back in his head later. Julie was on her knees. As she leaned down to kiss Prudence's outer lips, Julie's back dipped causing her ass to round. Trevor stared at Julie's thong. Just as Prudence's pussy was becoming wet, so was Julie's. Soon, the tiny bit of red fabric covering Julie's slit was saturated.
Julie used her index fingers to spread Prudence's pussy lips, giving her access toPrudence's clit. The American buried her face in Prudence's crotch. Prudence's juices were flowing. Julie's nose filled with the aroma of the Brit's excitement. Julie slowly licked Prudence's orchid.
Prudence moaned in response. That sound was all Julie needed to know she had found the right spot. As Julie's tongue began flicking across Prudence's clit, the blonde's squirming and moaning increased.
Julie wrapped her right arm around Prudence and firmly gripped Prudence's firm left ass cheek. With her left hand, she reached up and tenderly massaged Prudence's right nipple. The entire time, Julie kept her mouth locked on Prudence's kitty.
Prudence's face became flush and her breathing became shallow. Julie remembered how Prudence had alternated between softly nibbling then sucking on Julie's clit. She assumed that because Prudence had done it to her, Prudence would like it in return. Julie was right. As Julie sucked on Prudence's button, Prudence began to buck her hips and breathlessly whispered "fuck" over and over.
When Julie switched from sucking to nibbling on Prudence's clit, Prudence's whispers of "fuck" became louder. Julie then sucked Prudence's love bud and held it tightly between her lips. While sucking, Julie relentlessly flicked her tongue back and forth across Prudence's clit.
This drove Prudence over the edge. As Prudence began orgasming, her body began convulsing. What had started as a whisper had become Prudence repeatedly exclaiming "Fuck!" at a volume loud enough to be heard by everyone within 50 feet. Not until after the last convulsion and Prudence's body had collapsed on the mattress did Julie open her mouth and release Prudence's clit.
Prudence breathed a long sigh and managed to say the words, "That was amazing."
"Really?" Julie said.
"Truly phenomenal," Prudence confirmed.
"Thanks. I was worried you wouldn't like it. Prior to this, I'd never even kissed another woman," said Julie.
Prudence replied, "Well, technically you still haven't, but that --"
Before Prudence could finish her sentence, Julie had crawled up Prudence's body and was passionately kissing Prudence. Julie pressed her lips against Prudence's. Only moments earlier, Julie's lips had been servicing Prudence's lady parts. Julie drove her tongue deep into Prudence's mouth. Prudence wrapped her arms around Julie and kissed her in return.
When the two finally released one another from their kiss, Prudence licked the wetness from her lips, and said, "Well, now both of us have tasted my orgasm today."
Somehow Prudence's loud orgasm had not drawn the attention of any of the resort personnel. However, guests on the nearby chaises certainly had enjoyed the show. It also had an effect on Trevor and Greg. Both of them were pitching tents with their board shorts.
Her naked body covered in a sheen of perspiration from the sexual escapade, Prudence got up from the chaise and said, "Well, I'm going to head to the room. I think I need a shower."
"Can I come watch?" joked Greg.
Prudence called his bluff and responded. "Of course."
Trevor sat down on the chaise next to Julie and said, "I'd like to enjoy the sun for a bit longer."
"I'll keep you company," Julie said to Trevor.
Trevor then told Greg and Prudence, "If we're not there by 4:30, we'll just meet you at the hot tub."
Julie and Trevor watched as their spouses walked away. When Greg and Prudence got about 30 feet away, Julie hollered to them, "Nice ass!"
Greg hollered back, "Thank you."
With a smile, Julie yelled, "I was talking to her."
As Greg and Prudence walked out of their spouse's sight, Prudence, who was still nude, exaggerated the wiggle in her walk to draw more attention to her shapely derriere.
Trevor and Julie sat and talked for at least 90 minutes. They discussed everything from their childhoods to their jobs. Both Julie and Trevor had grown up in strict households. Trevor said how mortified his mother would be to know that he and Prudence were at a clothing optional resort. He added, "My mum would have a coronary if she knew a couple of days ago Prudence was giving out blow jobs while I watched."
"How did you feel about watching it?" Julie asked.
"She was enjoying herself, and I like watching her enjoy herself. And admittedly, it aroused me. But watching her go down on you was one of the two sexiest things I've ever seen in my life."
"I'm intrigued. What was the other?" Julie asked.
He replied, "Watching you go down on her today. You are absolutely gorgeous."
A bit of red flashed across Julie's cheeks, as she blushed from the genuine compliment. The quick change in skin tone did not go unnoticed by Trevor.
They continued chatting about all sorts of things. Julie talked about how her dad had been the fashion police, making sure that she never wore anything remotely revealing. Her skirts could be no shorter than knee-length. And she was never allowed to show cleavage. Telling Trevor this was particularly ironic given that, throughout the conversation, Julie wore only the red micro-thong and her bare breasts were on display.
Julie told Trevor about how she and Greg had been together since they were both very young. Because her parents wouldn't allow her to date, Julie had to sneak out to meet Greg in secret so they could spend time together. Julie confessed that she had sucked only one cock in her life -- Greg's. "And I have never swallowed," she added.
When planning their trip to Mexico, Greg and Julie had a long talk about their sex life. They realized that they were on the same page about what they wanted. Although Greg was a notorious flirt, he had had only two sexual partners during his life. Still, this was twice as many as Julie. Julie let Trevor know that she and Greg were hoping to expand their sexual horizons during the vacation.Trevor asked if the Yanks felt they had missed out on anything because they had not had sex with more people. Julie explained that it was more that, shortly after their fortieth birthdays, they realized they would not be young forever. They were both still in good shape. And they wanted to enjoy their bodies to the fullest.
Trevor pointed out, "You still look like you're in your thirties."
"Keep throwing around compliments like that and you just might get lucky," Julie said in response.
Julie went on to tell Trevor how she and Greg had given one another free rein for the entirety of their stay at the resort. When they decided to do so, they did not realize that the free rein would result in both of them getting oral from the same woman.
Julie said to Trevor, "I think it's wild that I gave Greg his first blowjob, and your wife gave him his last."
Around this time, Julie and Trevor noticed that it was already after 4:30 and they were late for their rendezvous with their spouses. As they were leaving the beach, Julie picked up her tank top.
Trevor joked, "That looks heavy. I'll carry it for you."
"So chivalrous," Julie replied as she handed him her shirt.
"Anything to lighten your load, fair lady," Trevor said with a smile.
"And to keep my titties uncovered?" Julie joked.
"You said it. I just thought it," said Trevor.
"Well, carry this too," Julie said, then shimmied out of her bikini bottom and handed to him.
As they left the beach,Trevorallowed Julie to walk two steps ahead of him. Although Julie was only about three feet away, as Julie had done to his wife earlier, he hollered, "Nice ass!"
In response, as Prudence had done, Julie exaggerated the wiggle in her walk to draw more attention to her bare bottom.
While Trevor and Julie were conversing, Greg and Prudence had gone to Prudence's room. Prudence went into the bathroom. Greg sat in the outer room with the bed. He could hear that she was brushing her teeth. He then heard Prudence turn on the water in the shower.
After a couple of minutes, she called out to him. "Come here please."
When Greg entered the bathroom, hot water was spraying down on Prudence. As she soaped her wet and naked body, Prudence said, "I thought you were coming to watch me shower."
"I was kidding. I don't want to be creepy," Greg said.
Prudence lathered her breasts and said, "It would be creepy only if I didn't want you to watch."
"Well, in that case, on with the show," he said.
Ever the exhibitionist, Prudence sensuously washed every inch of her body as Greg stood and watched. She gave a grand performance that caused Greg to have a raging erection. Prudence beckoned him closer with her finger. When he got close enough, she kissed him lightly on the lips.
She pointed at the bulge in his board shorts and said, "I would take care of that, but I believe you still owe me two orgasms."
Greg reached out and touched Prudence's hairless slit. As he started to slide in a finger, she grasped his hand and reminded him, "Two public orgasms."
"You are such a stinker," said Greg.
Prudence kissed him again and said, "Now, hand me a towel."
Greg handed Prudence a towel and watched as she dried off. She and Greg left the room then hung out by the pool until 4:30.
Shortly after 4:30, Greg, Prudence, Trevor, and Julie met at the rooftop hot tub that was the size of a swimming pool. This was the time of the day when, as Prudence described it, there was "fuck all to do."
Rather than going to their rooms, most people congregated at the hot tub. As it was every day at this time, the hot tub was teeming with naked resort guests. With no planned activities, guests would amuse themselves and others.
This was a great place to be a voyeur or exhibitionist. Near the walk-up bar, there was a naked brunette woman who was skiing. Skiing is when a woman stands between two men and holds a cock in each hand, the same way she would hold ski poles going down the slopes. Five feet to her left, a couple was making out. The woman of that couple was obviously being finger-banged under the water by her make-out partner. And at all times, it seemed that there was at least one guy sitting on the edge of the hot tub receiving a blowjob.
The foursome found a spot in a corner and sat down in the water to enjoy their drinks. Shortly after sitting, another couple approached them. As was everyone else in the hot tub, the approaching couple was nude. The man was a good-looking 30-year-old with dark hair.
Greg had briefly spoken to the woman on his first day at the resort. She was perfect. She was very tall, beautiful, and 30 years old with long red hair and perfect fair skin. She was slender and top heavy with 32D breasts that were perfectly round and symmetrical. Above her perfectly shaved pussy, there was the perfectly trimmed tuft of ginger pubic hair.
The woman said with a Texas drawl, "Hey, I hope I'm not bothering you. My name is Kayla. This is my husband Will."
The other two couples said hello.
"This is our first time at a place like this," Kayla said. "We've been here for five days. We go home tomorrow morning. Up til now, we've been too shy to talk to anyone. We've seen you guys around, and you always look like you're having so much fun. We were just wondering, could we join you?"
Julie welcomed the newcomers on behalf of herself and the others. The three couples then talked, drank, and laughed for the next hour or so. Kayla told them she was a kindergarten teacher. Will was a producer for the local news in Dallas, Texas. As they conversed, the topics became more and more personal.
Will told them how reluctant he had been even to suggest to Kayla that they go to a lifestyle resort. Three months later, Kayla surprised him with the reservations for Desire. But even after they got to the resort, they were still a little prudish. Will told the group how for the first day on vacation, Kayla was the only person at the pool wearing a swimsuit.
Kayla said, "The website says this place is clothing optional, so I opted to wear clothing. But the next day, I went topless. And the day after that, I got completely naked."
Kayla divulged that she had a baby two years earlier and was self-conscious about the extra weight. She had been working out like a fanatic to get back into shape. The others commented on how great she looked.
Kayla confessed that she had gotten a boob job after she stopped breast feeding. Will, with his Texas accent, then went on and on about how "her new tits feel great." This, of course, led to the everyone in the group feeling Kayla's breasts. They all agreed that Will was right -- Kayla's tits felt great.
Will offered to play waiter and get drink refills for everyone. While Will was at the bar at the other end of the hot tub, Prudence told Kayla how the two couples had planned the trip for months and that their three rules for the vacation were, "(1) drink heavily, (2) regret nothing, and (3) oral sex doesn't count."
"We've already broken two out of three of those," Kayla said.
"It can't be the first. We've been drinking constantly for the last hour," said Julie.
"Do you remember a couple of days ago? You guys were playing that blindfolded guessing game," Kayla said.
"How could I forget?" said Prudence.
"Well, before the game started, Greg was walking around the hot tub asking women if they would volunteer their husbands to be part of the lineup. Greg, do you remember talking to me?" asked Kayla.
"You're a six-foot tall naked redhead with huge funbags. Of course, I remember talking to you," Greg replied.
Kayla said, "You asked me if Will could play and I said no."
"There's nothing wrong with that. That's why I asked the wives. I wanted to make sure the wives were okay with their husbands doing it," said Greg.
"You see, that's the thing. I wish I had said yes. Before we came here, Will and I talked about being spontaneous and adventurous. Then, the first time we had a chance to do it, I said no. I didn't even tell Will that you had asked. I instantly regretted not letting him do it," Kayla said.
"You regretted not letting your husband get his cock sucked by another woman?" Greg asked.
"Yes," Kayla answered earnestly.
"You, madam, are one in a million. Will is truly a lucky man," Trevor said.
"Worse still, I know he would have loved it," Kayla said. "Now that we've met you guys, I see you're all just so nice. He won't tell you this, but for the last two days he has talked about how sexy he thought the game was." She turned toward Prudence, "And Prudence, he thinks you are so hot. He must have said it at least six times. Hell, I think you're hot. I just regret not letting him experience it... and you."
Just then, Will returned with six assorted frozen drinks for the group. Rather than walking through the hot tub, he was on the deck above. He leaned down and passed out five of the drinks to the others and kept one for himself. As he was about to step down into the water, Prudence motioned for him to sit on the ledge of the hot tub in front of her and dangle his feet in the water.
Trevor knew exactly what this positioning meant. Married couples have an unspoken language. Prudence looked at Trevor as if to ask for permission. In return, Trevor gave her an approving nod.
Prudence moved closer to Will and said to him, "While you were getting the drinks, you missed us discussing the three rules of holidaying here."
"Okay, so what are they?" Will asked.
"Well, the first involves drinking, and you are doing as excellent job of that," said Prudence.
"Thank you? I guess," Will said.
"But the second rule involves having no regrets, and you and Kayla are doing a dreadful job of following this rule. We're going to need to remedy that right now. Sooooo..."
Prudence then dumped half her strawberry daquiri in Will's lap. Will let out a high-pitched squeal as the frozen drink hit his privates. The next sensation Will felt was the warmth of Prudence's mouth as it enveloped his cock.
Will looked at his wife to see if she was alright with this. Kayla assured him everything was fine, "It's okay. The third rule is that oral sex doesn't count."
Prudence sucked hard and fast on the head of Will's member until it was fully erect. In a moment of showing off, Prudence then deepthroated Will's cock in one fluid motion.
Kayla watched as Prudence slowly sucked Will's manhood in an out of her mouth. Prudence deepthroated it again and again.
Prudencenoticed that Kayla was staring. She took Will's dick out of her mouth and said to Kayla, "You said you wanted to be adventurous and spontaneous. I'm guessing there are two other tallywackers becoming erect at this very moment. Pick one and have at it."
Prudence then went back to blowing Will. Kayla looked at Greg and Trevor. Before Kayla could make a choice, Julie said, "You can have Greg. I call dibs on Trevor."
Julie told Trevor to sit of the edge of the pool. Trevor set his drink on the ledge. He climbed up and sat about three feet to the left of where his wife was sucking Will's cock.
Julie stood between Trevor's legs and said, "I told you that you were going to get lucky."
Trevor leaned down and gave Julie a deep open-mouthed kiss. Julie kept her drink in one hand and wrapped the other arm around Trevor's neck and kissed him in return. She could feel his cock stiffen and brush against her bare breasts.
When their kiss ended, Julie said, "Although I am sure there will be more to come. Yours will be only the second dick I've sucked in my entire life."
"I feel honored." Trevor said.
"Well, I hope it's a warm feeling," said Julie.
Julie then dumped her Orange Dreamsicle on Trevor's hard member. Before Trevor could yelp, Julie wrapped her lips around Trevor's cockhead. The heat from Julie's mouth contrasted with, and heightened, the sensation of the frozen drink. Trevor also was fully aware that he was having his cock sucked a few feet from where his wife was sucking another man's cock. That knowledge added to his excitement.
Julie's blowjob technique was very different from Prudence's. There was no deepthroating and very little in and out motion. Instead, Julie focused almost exclusively on the head of Trevor's tool. Her tongue was unrelenting in stimulating Trevor's frenulum, the most sensitive area on the underside of his penis.
Julie maintained eye contact with Trevor throughout the entire blowjob. She looked up at him and occasionally hummed but never let his cock leave her mouth. Prudence raked her fingernail down Trevor's chest. She did the same to the tops of his thighs.
Julie repeatedly licked Trevor's spearhead clockwise, then counterclockwise. Trevor wanted the pleasure to last. He was fighting the urge to cum.
But at that point, Julie literally had Trevor by the balls. And it was a great feeling. She caressed and ticked his boys as her tongue continued to work of Trevor's cock head. Trevor was using all his might to keep from popping.
Trevor lost that battle. Julie had sucked mercilessly on the head of Trevor's dick until he couldn't take the excitement any longer. Trevor looked deep into Julie's brown eyes as he shot his load into her mouth.
Julie knew that earlier in the day she had revealed to Trevor that she had never swallowed after a blowjob. So, after Trevor let loose his seed and Julie pulled his dick out of her mouth, Julie made a point of opening wide enough for Trevor to see his milky liquid resting on her tongue. She then closed her mouth, tilted her head back, and made a swallowing noise as she gulped down his cum. She opened her mouth again to show it was empty. With a smile Julie said, "Mmm. Tasty."
Having watched everything that had happened so far, Kayla looked at Greg and timidly said, "So, I guess it's your turn to get up there on the ledge."
"Not just yet," said Greg.
He took the drink from Kayla's hand and placed it and his drink on the ledge between Will and Trevor. Greg and Kayla remained standing in the water. Greg put Kayla's back toward the wall of the hot tub and faced her. He took a moment to look at her beautiful naked body.
As he had done when he watched his wife go down on Prudence, Greg made a mental video recording of everything that was going on. It was like interactive porn. Will was onthe ledge to Greg'sleft with Prudence giving him a blowjob. Kayla was directly in front in him with her back toward the wall. To Greg's right, Trevor was seated on the ledge having just cum in Julie's mouth.
Greg spoke to Will whose cock was halfway down Prudence's throat. "Will, do you mind if I play with your wife?"
"If it's okay with her, it's okay with me," replied Will.
Turning to his wife who had just swallowed Trevor's load, Greg asked, "Julie, is it alright with you if I play with Kayla?"
"Definitely," Julie said.
Greg then turned his attention back to the tall nude redhead in front of him. He took Kayla in his arms and asked, "Would it be okay if I kissed you?"
Rather than giving a verbal response, Kayla kissed Greg. It was a long hot and intense kiss. Because she was two inches taller, she had to lean down a bit to kiss him. Greg's tongue danced in her mouth.
Greg broke their kiss, then placed the two middle fingers of his right hand in his mouth and covered them in saliva. He dipped them under the water and inserted them into Kayla's pussy. Within a few seconds Greg found Kayla's G-spot and began to stimulate it. It did not take long for a wave of excitement to overtake Kayla. She was astonished at how quickly she was moving toward an orgasm. Kayla grasped Greg's unit in her right hand and started to stroke it until it was hard.
Kayla's breathing quickened. Her body began to tremble. She normally did not use vulgar language, but in that moment, the only sentence Kayla could form was, "Fuck, that feels good."
After those words,Kaylacould only moan. As Greg feverishly rubbed Kayla's magic spot, her moaning increased. Kayla realized how loud she was becoming and tried to silence herself by kissing Greg again. When their lips met, she opened wide and drove her tongue deep into Greg's mouth. It was a wild, wet, and sloppy kiss. Yet it managed to muffle Kayla's moans.
Everything was surreal to Kayla. When she booked the vacation, Kayla could not imagine herself kissing or even touching a man other than Will. But here she was -- naked and tugging another man's cock while being fingered in front of her husband and a hot tub full of nude strangers. Rather than making her apprehensive, the surroundings increased the exhilaration.
As Kayla's orgasm mounted, her stroking of Greg's cock changed to frantic yanking. Soon after, she no longer had the coordination to do even that. Kayla released Greg's member. She broke the kiss that was stifling the sounds emanating from her mouth. Kayla threw back her head, let out a prolonged throaty moan, and climaxed.
When Kayla orgasmed, her knees buckled. Greg had to catch her and hold on tight to her naked body to keep her from collapsing. The entire episode had taken no longer than three minutes. Kayla leaned against the wall of the hot tub to rest and recuperate.
Things were moving very fast. Having finished off Trevor and Kayla, Julie and Greg turned their attentions to Will and Prudence. Trevor remained sitting in his spot on the ledge. Kayla walked to him and the two rested and watched the scene that was unfolding.
Prudence was still performing an unhurried blowjob on Will, sucking his cock slowly in and out of her mouth. Julie walked to Prudence's left and said, "Hey, youngster. Mind if I cut in?"
Prudence took Will's cock out her mouth and replied to Julie, "Be my guest." She then stepped aside.
Julie looked over at Kayla who gave her thumbs-up. Julie then grabbed hold of Will's rock-hard member. Julie opened her mouth wide to engulf it but paused. She looked Will in the eye, and said, "I'm sorry. I didn't ask you for your permission. Is this okay."
Will responded, "Oh, hell yeah."
Julie then lowered her head and took Will's dick into her mouth. This was only the third cock she had had in her mouth in her entire life. But it was the second in a matter of minutes.
While his wife Julie was inhaling another man's cock, Greg took Prudence by the hand and said, "I believe I owe you something."
Greg boosted Prudence on the ledge of the hot tub next to where Julie was sucking Will's dick. Trevor was still on the ledge resting from his blowjob from Julie. Kayla was now standing in the space between Trevor's legs. Trevor and the redhead watched as Greg gently spread Prudence's legs apart.
Greg licked Prudence's inner thighs, then he slowly ran his tongue up her wet vertical smile. He fondled her breasts, tweaking her nipples, as his tongue dipped into her honey pot. Julie was standing next to Greg. She pulled Will's cock from her mouth and said to her husband, "Nibble on her clit."
Greg did as he was told. He sucked on Prudence's love button until it was engorged, then tenderly began biting it. Prudence's pussy became even more moist. She started to squirm and moan in the same way she had a few hours earlier when Julie had nibbled on her clit.
Greg lifted his face from Prudence's snatch. As he had done before with Will's wife, Greg put his middle two fingers into his mouth to coat them in saliva. But this time, his tastebuds were bombarded with the flavor of Kayla's juices that were left on his digits. The tastes of Kayla's and Prudence's pussies mixed together on Greg's tongue.
Greg caught Julie's eye as her tongue played with a stream of pre-cum oozing from the tip of Will's cock. Greg, smiled devilishly and said, "Race ya?"
Julie understood exactly what Greg meant. She smiled at Greg and said, "You're on."
Julie and Greg were then competing with one another to see who could make their sexual partner climax first. And Julie was determined to win. Julie went to work in earnest on Will's cock. She sealed her lips around Will's dick and sucked hard while furiously swirling her tongue around the head.
Greg again made a mental recording of what was going on. Will was still seated on the ledge to Greg's left, but now Will's dick was in Julie's mouth. A naked Prudence was seated on the ledge to Will's left, directly in front of Greg. Trevor was still seated on the ledge to Prudence's left. Trevor and Kayla watched their spouses being used as game pieces in Greg's and Julie's contest.
As Greg slipped two fingers into Prudence, Prudence looked down at Greg and said in a very self-assured voice, "I will not be used for sport. It's going to take a lot more than that to get me off."
Greg then curled his fingers inside of Prudence's hot pussy and searched for her G-spot. He fingered Prudence slowly until he heard the unmistakable breathy"aah"that let him know that he had found his target.
"I'm sorry, what were you saying?" teased Greg.
Greg sucked Prudence's left breast into his mouth. His lips covered her pale areola. He licked and sucked until Prudence's pink nipple was erect. Greg then moved to Prudence's right breast and did the same.
As for Will, as long as his dick felt the sensation of Julie's hungry mouth, he was happy to be a part of whatever game Julie and Greg were playing. And, based upon Prudence's moans, her resolve not to orgasm was waning.
Prudence's body involuntarily responded to Greg working her special place. Her pussy became soaking wet. Prudence put her arms behind her to brace herself on the ledge of the hot tub. She arched her back and began gyrating her hips while Greg continued to finger her.
Seeing that Prudence was getting close to climaxing, Julie stepped up her head game and increased the ferocity with which she sucked Will's cock. Julie bobbed her head up and down, never letting Will's dick leave her mouth. Will began to grunt. He could feel that he was about to erupt.
Knowing that it is never polite to cum in a woman's mouth with warning, Will told Julie, "You're gonna make me cum."
Julie locked eyes withWill. She removed Will's dick from her mouth just long enough to say, "I know." She then went back to ferociously sucking his cock.
Recognizing what was about to happen, Kayla leaned over and whispered in Julie's ear, "I hope you're thirsty."
Then it happened. Will came in Julie's mouth. Having worked so hard, Julie expected to feel Will's cum on her tongue. What she could not have expected was the volume and velocity of Will's spunk. Soon Julie understood the comment from Will's wife. Will shot wave after wave of hot jizz with such force that it hit the back of Julie's throat.
A few seconds later, Julie had more cum in her mouth than ever before in her life. So much in fact that she had to puff out her cheeks to contain it all. Julie knew that the unspoken rule at Desire Resort was "No cum in the hot tub." Julie was determined to honor that rule. She had to swallow twice but Julie managed to guzzle every bit.
Julie pulled Will's member from her mouth, turned to her husband Greg, and said, "I win."
Julie was about to rest when she saw one final glob of semen ooze from Will's cock. "Ooh, bonus cum" Julie said, then put Will's dick back in her mouth and slurped down the last bit of his man sauce.
Having lost the race with Julie, Greg could have slowed down the pace at which he was fingering Prudence. Instead, he increased the speed and pressure. Prudence threw her head back, opened her mouth wide as if she were going to scream. Instead, the pleasure was so intense that she could only whimper before experiencing the orgasm she had originally thought would not happen.
Regaining her composure and attempting to downplay the ecstasy she had just experienced, Prudence said to Greg, "Well, that was pleasant."
Although Prudence had climaxed, Greg had not removed his fingers from her drenched snatch. Prudence moved as though she was going to get down from the ledge. But Greg stopped her and said, "You forget. I owe you two."
Realizing that she could muster no resistance,Prudencesat and enjoyed as Greg again manipulated her G-spot. In no more than a minute or two, Prudence was orgasming again, and Greg's debt was paid. Too exhausted to move, Prudence remained sitting on the ledge with her legs spread wide.
For Julie's part, she had gone on vacation hoping to expand her sexual horizons. Having swallowed back-to-back loads from Trevor and Will, Julie was certain that her horizons were fully expanded. But this was not the end of her journey.
Trevor took Julie by the hand and led her to the spot where she had sucked his cock. The spot was directly to the left of where Prudence was sitting with her legs still splayed, resulting in Prudence's pussy being on exhibit to everyone at the hot tub. Trevor placed his hands on Julie's waist and gave her a boost, setting her on the ledge.
In his very proper British accent, Trevor said to Julie, "You have been doling out so much pleasure. Don't you think you deserve some, Dear?"
"Yes. Thank you," Julie said.
Trevor massaged Julie's shoulders. She had been working so hard to make others cum that day, Julie truly appreciated someone making her feel good. Trevor kissed the left side of Julie's neck. Julie leaned her head to the right to give him greater access.
Trevor's hands moved down to Julie's breasts. As he tenderly kissed and sucked on Julie's neck, Trevor rolled Julie's brown nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. Her nipples hardened into little bullets.
As for Greg, after Prudence's second orgasm, he slid his fingers out of Prudence's wet pussy. Kayla approached Greg from behind. She leaned in and whispered in his ear, "I've been waiting long enough."
Kayla looked at her husband who was still seated on the ledge to Prudence's right and said, "Honey, come on down from there. We need that space."
As Will vacated his spot on the ledge, he was replaced by Greg. Greg's member was already erect. Kayla then said to Greg, "Now, I want to follow the etiquette I've learned today. I'd ask Julie if it's okay with her for me to suck your cock, but she already told me so when she called dibs on Trevor. I'd ask you if it was okay, but the fact that you're sitting here with your dick pointing up at my face tells me that it is."
Kayla then turned to Will, "Honey, is okay if I suck Greg's cock."
Will said, "After what he let his wife do for me, I'd be mad at you if you didn't give him a blowie."
Kayla looked Greg in the eye, smiled, and seductively said, "So I guess I know what to do next."
Greg closed his eyes and waited for the redhead to take his stiff rod into her mouth. He then felt the shock of a frozen pina colada being dumped on his cock. His eyes opened wide. The shock Greg felt was immediately followed by the feeling of the heat of Kayla's mouth as she inhaled the entirety of his cock.
In a single smooth motion, Kayla took Greg's dick down her throat. It was obvious she had no gag reflex. Kayla cupped Greg's balls as her lips encircled the base of his shaft. Deepthroating Greg caused a torrent of hot saliva to coat Greg's member.
She moved her head up and down, forcefully slamming the head of Greg's tool into the back of her throat. She pulled Greg's member completely from her mouth. Long strings of spit extended from her open mouth to Greg's cock. She slurped in all the saliva and again deepthroated Greg's rigid dick. She repeated this sequence again and again.
Greg again mentally recorded everything. He knew he would want to remember the images and sounds. He would later want total and accurate recall of the sights and sounds of Kayla slobbering on his dick. To Greg's left sat Prudence. Her legs were still wide apart, and her pussy was still wet from the two orgasms Greg had given her. A naked Julie was seated on the ledge next to Prudence. Like Prudence, Julie's legs were also splayed open. Trevor was leaning in toward Julie's crotch.
As his face got closer to Julie's treasure, Trevor used his fingers to spread apart Julie's labia. He could not help but notice the contrast between Julie's dark brown skin and the pink that was showing between her legs. Trevor inhaled deeply to take in the full aroma of Julie's pussy.
Trevor lightly kissed Julie's clit. Then again. Then again. Trevor slowly pressed his tongue deep inside of Julie and tasted her nectar. And he liked what he tasted. He thought how different Julie's box tasted from his wife's. Not better, not worse. Just different.
Trevor looked over at Prudence. She was sitting with her legs widely parted, and her va-jay-jay was still open for business. He noticed that Will, having already shot his wad in Julie's mouth, had become a spectator.
Trevor pulled his face from between Julie's thighs and said to his wife, "Darling, I know that I still owe you something. Is it alright if I outsource the work?"
"If you mean what I think you mean, that would be fine," responded Prudence.
Trevor then said, "Kayla, is it fine with you if your husband pleasures my wife?"
Without even looking up or removing Greg's dick from her mouth, Kayla gave a very muffled "Uh-huh."
Trevor said, "I think that was a yes. So, Will, get to it."
Trevor then went back to eating out Julie. Will leaned down and placed his face in front of Prudence's wet pussy. He wasted no time with niceties and instead plunged his tongue deep into Prudence's hot crevasse.
In response to the unexpected, but welcomed, invasion, Prudence let out an "Oh!" evidencing her surprise. Will French-kissed Prudence's snatch like a teenager making out in the backseat of a car. His technique was wet and aggressive. And Prudence enjoyed the novelty of someone new going down on her.
On Prudence's right, Kayla was still giving Greg a spirited blowjob, repeatedly taking his cock down her throat until her nose pressed against his lower abdomen. Kayla pulled Greg's dick out of her mouth. His rod was glistening with her spit.
Kayla began furiously jacking off Greg with both hands. She kept her eyes focused on his. Greg began to grunt, and Kayla picked up the pace at which she was jerking his member. When his grunts grew louder and more frequent, she could tell he was trying to stave off his climax.
Kayla whispered to Greg one sentence over and over as she stroked his cock, "Cum for me." With each time she said it, Greg got closer to doing what she requested. By the fifth time Kayla said that sentence, Greg could not hold back any longer.
Greg managed to say the word, "Now," to give Kayla some warning before he came. Upon hearing that word, Kayla shoved Greg's dick back in her mouth just in time. A half second later, Greg was painting the inside of Kayla's mouth with his jizz. Kayla enjoyed the feeling of Greg's cum sliding down her throat as she swallowed.Shethen literally sucked Greg dry.
As the abundance of blood exited Greg's member, Kayla finally took Greg's dick from her mouth. Julie watchedKaylagive the head of Greg's cock one final kiss. Julie thought it was somehow poetic that she had swallowed Kayla's husband's cum and Kayla had swallowed Greg's. Of course, Julie now had that same connection with Prudence as well.
Those thoughts and most others soon exited Julie's head. Instead, she could concentrate only on the physical thrill of having her box eaten by Trevor. The smooth rhythm of Trevor delicately licking circles around Julie's clit was driving her crazy.
Julie's pussy was dripping wet. She felt her orgasm building. As Julie's excitement grew, the muscles in the lower half of her body tensed and contracted. Julie arched her back and wrapped her legs around Trevor's head. Soon, he was wearing her inner thighs like earmuffs.
She gripped the back of Trevor's head and pulled his face deeper into her. Trevor locked his lips on her pleasure button and worked his tongue enthusiastically over it.
Julie exclaimed, "Yes, right there. Right there. Right there!"
Julie's heart raced. Her breathing was heavy. She felt the level of pleasure rising and rising. Then, Julie's excitement boiled over. A rush went through her body. The only sound from her mouth was a faint squeak. And Julie was through.
Julie's muscles relaxed. Her thigh released their vicelike grip on Trevor's head. When she was able to speak again, she said. "Wow! Trevor, I would give you a standing ovation, but I don't think I can stand right now."
Julie had gotten off from Trevor's oral skills and Greg had blown his load in Kayla's mouth. Only Will and Prudence were still going at it. Will continued eating Prudence's pussy like a starving man eating his first meal in a week.
Kayla had not been just making idle chatter when she said she thought Prudence was hot. Kayla had experimented with her roommate a few times during her sophomore year of college. She had told Will about it, and knew he found the stories very sexy. She decided to revisit her college years and give Prudence, Will, and herself a thrill.
Kayla eased up behind Will and said to Prudence, "May I have a taste?"
Prudence chuckled and said, "Why not? It seems that everyone else has today."
"Scooch over, Babe. I've got this," Kayla said to her husband.
Will moved to his right, giving Kayla some room between Prudence's legs. And Kayla went to work on Prudence. Kayla lovingly kissed Prudence's inner thighs, then focused on Prudence's hairless lady bits. She licked slowly up and down Prudence's labia.
Will watched his wife as she went down on the beauty they had met that day. This was a sight he had only fantasized about. It had taken until the final afternoon of their stay, but it had been worth the wait. Between receiving a tag team blowjob from Prudence and Julie and watching Kayla eat out another woman, this trip had turned into more than Will could have hoped for.
Kayla used the tip of her tongue to flick back and forth across Kayla's pleasure bean. It was at that point that Julie, Greg, and Trevor began coaching Kayla and Will.
"Kayla, nibble on her clit," Julie said.
Kayla followed Julie's instructions. She sucked Prudence's clit and softly clamped it between her teeth. Kayla then gave pulsing gentle pressure, while continuing to use her tongue to massage Prudence's love bud. Prudence began to moan.
Greg got down from the edge of the hot tub and said something into Will's ear that the others couldn't hear.
While Kayla continued feasting on Prudence's clit, Will slid his right hand under Kayla's chin so that he had access to Prudence's womanhood. He slipped the two middle fingers into Prudence and curled them upward. Will began searching for Prudence's G-spot.
Will asked, "How do I know when I've found -- "
"Aah!" exclaimed Prudence in pleasure.
"I think you've found it," said Greg.
Will slowly moved his digits inside of Prudence. He gave Prudence a long open-mouthed kiss. And Kayla continued working on Prudence's clit.
"Don't forget the nipples," said Trevor, inviting Kayla and Will to fondle his wife's breasts.
Kayla reached up and caressed Prudence's right nipple, while Will sucked Prudence's left nipple into his mouth. Prudence was the center of attention. And she loved it.
Prudence began to writhe, and her moaning grew louder. The couple from Texas worked together to push the British blonde to her fourth orgasm of the day.
Between Kayla's mouth on her clit and Will's manipulation of her G-spot, Prudence could not handle any more. Prudence's moaning had become extremely loud. Her entire person began to shake. Soon, Prudence's body responded to the barrage of sexual stimulation by creaming on Will's fingers. When Will removed his digits, Kayla pushed her tongue deep into Prudence.
Having just experienced a thunderous orgasmed, Prudence's every nerve was sensitive. She said, "Okay. Okay. Okay. No more. Thank you."
Will kissed Prudence deeply. Once their kiss ended, Kayla kissed Prudence. As they kissed, Prudence sucked on Kayla's tongue.
When Kayla's and Prudence's lips parted, Prudence said, "And for the second time today, I've tasted my own orgasm. A girl could get used to this."
At that point, it was early evening. The couples needed to get cleaned up and dressed for dinner. One of the odd things about Desire Resort is that, after guests are nude all day, they get dressed up at night. Ironically, women walk around buck naked for 10 hours, then put on miniskirts and see-through blouses to look sexy. Even more ironic is that often they actually do look sexier.
A little after 7:00 PM, Trevor and Prudence were back in their room. Prudence took her shower first. When Trevor went into the bathroom, Prudence was lying down, wearing a terrycloth robe. Her body was exhausted, and she needed to rest before dinner.
Ten minutes later, Trevor finished his shower. He turned off the water and wrapped a towel around his waist. When Trevor walked into the bedroom area, Prudence was sitting up on the bed. A tall, beautiful woman was talking to Prudence. The woman had long legs and was dressed in a very short, very tight, white dress. She was wearing bright red lipstick. It took Trevor a second to realize the woman was Kayla.
"Kayla, I almost didn't recognize you. I just realized I've never seen you with clothes on," Trevor said.
"Does this help you know it's me?" Kayla said.She thensmiled and pulled up her dress in the front to quickly flash Trevor. She exposed enough that Trevor saw her tuft of red pubic hair.
"It wasn't necessary, but it is definitely appreciated. Are you joining us for dinner?" Trevor asked.
Kayla said, "That's one of the reasons I stopped by. This is our last night in Mexico. We didn't know we were going to meet you guys and hit it off. We already made plans to go to downtown Cancun for dinner and then to a club. So, I wanted to make sure to exchange contact information with you."
Prudence took her cell phone off the nightstand, typed in her passcode, and handed the phone to Kayla. Prudence said, "Here. Put in your contact information and send yourself a text and e-mail so that you have my information."
While Kayla was inputting the information, Trevor said, "What time do you leave tomorrow?"
"Our shuttle to the airport leaves at 9:00 A.M.," said Kayla then handed the phone back to Prudence.
"Well, we can get up early to see you off. What are you doing tomorrow morning?" Prudence asked.
"I plan to eat breakfast at about 7:00 A.M, and..." said Kayla.
"And what?" asked Trevor.
"Taking a page from your book about having no regrets, I've made plans that after I eat breakfast at 7:00, I'm going to eat Julie at 7:30," Kayla said with a smile.
"You certainly have come out of shell," Trevor said.
Kayla said, "Scheduling a time for oral sex might not be spontaneous, but it sure is going to be fun."
Prudence followed, "I'd also like to give you a proper sendoff. Would I be intruding if, while you ate Julie, I ate you?"
"That would be awesome! I was trying to come up with the best way to ask you if you wanted to join. We're meeting in Julie's room." Kayla said.
"I'll put it in my calendar," Prudence joked.
"Great, then there's only one other thing I wanted to do so that I don't have any regrets," Kayla said.
"What's that?" asked Prudence.
Kayla hesitated for a second, then said with her newfound confidence, "I've got about 15 minutes until our cab gets here. May I suck your husband's cock?"
"Wow!" Trevor said, "Are you sure that's okay with Will? What does he say?"
"I'm positive that he's okay with it," Kayla said, "And I don't think he can say anything right now. When I left him in Julie's and Greg's room a few minutes ago, Julie was sitting on Will's face."
The thought of a blowjob from Kayla had an immediate effect on Trevor. He focused on Kayla's red lips and imagined them wrapped around his dick. Trevor's wife noticed his towel beginning to rise.
Prudence looked at Kayla and said, "Well, to answer your question on behalf of both myself and Trevor, who I see is already getting an erection: Yes, you are more than welcome to suck my husband's cock."
Kayla then dropped to her knees in front of Trevor. She lifted the towel and sucked in Trevor's growing dick.
As his cock swelled in Kayla's mouth, Trevor looked at his wife Prudence and said, "Best vacation ever."