This contains elements of cuck queen / size queen and cock worship (amongst others represented by categorization and tags). I don't recommend reading further if you dislike these concepts.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
"I'm so frustrated. I can't remember the last time I've been with a guy that had an impressive penis," Andrea lamented on our zoom video call.
"I can. It was this morning," Katie responded with a somewhat smug tone. I shifted my focus to Katie from the TV I was playing Nintendo Switch on, somewhat shocked by what she had just said.
"What, you mean Brian?" Andrea said somewhat mockingly.
"Yup"
"Yeah ok. Right," Andrea responded, rolling her eyes.
"Andrea, I'm serious," Katie responded decisively.
Here's some background. It was April of 2020, the midst of covid 19 virus, so we were all in quarantine. We (Andrea, my then girlfriend and now wife Katie, and myself) were having our weekly zoom cocktail meeting and had been drinking for about an hour and a half on the call. It was mostly their own conversation, but I had gotten in the habit of hanging out playing games next to Kate on the couch, joining in when I felt like it. In all honesty, I had one or two before we hopped on the call - it was a Sunday afternoon and with no prospects of having a social life anytime soon, I was content staying both at home and comfortably numb. I have no idea what Andrea's level of inebriation was, but the events that ensued makes me suspect Katie had indulged at least as much as I had.
Initially most people I knew, myself included, figured we'd be quarantining for a couple weeks, maybe a month at most. But the realization was setting in that we were in for a much longer haul than that as the infection rate had nearly tripled in such a short amount of time. Andrea had the unfortunate timing of becoming single a few weeks before everything locked down which of course meant dating was out of the question. Chris "Captain America" Evan's dick pick had recently leaked, which had somehow become the topic, and apparently met her definition of impressive.
Andrea was my girlfriend's coworker and friend at the time. It was easy to see that Katie harbored a bit of jealousy towards her at times. While I tend to prefer women like Katie, full figured and curvy with big tits and a big ass, Andrea is undeniably hot. She's a lithe 5 foot 5 inch tall brunette with long, thick dark brown hair and striking gray eyes, high cheekbones and luscious pink lips any guy would love to see wrapped around his cock. Above her flat stomach was what looked to me to be a firm C cup pair, and you could bounce a quarter off her ass. Katie on the other hand was a definite PAWG (Phat Ass White Girl for those who don't know), standing just shy of 5ft 4, with wide hips, a huge middle eastern ass, and large boobs which have grown from a small D to a solid DD, the bit of weight she had gained quarantining seemingly having gone completely to her bust. Andrea and I were the same age, two years older than Katie.
I think it was their contrasting figures that caused Katie to feel insecure at times. She was slightly ashamed of some recently gained weight, though to me she was still a knockout. Their personalities are also night and day from each other. Andrea's quite the extrovert, confident and never one to be shy about any subject, including her relatively high sex drive. This could get on Katie's nerves; she tended to shy away from those topics and generally had a more quiet demeanor. Their relationship always struck me as a bit odd, which involved in my opinion more sisterly-esque infighting, one-upmanship, and occasional bickering, than it did a genuine friendship.
Don't get me wrong, they mostly got along fine, but there always seemed to be this lurking need to prove something to one another. I do think their relationship had been more strained than usual due to the surge in healthcare needs, both being medical professionals that worked the same shift and unit day in and day out. Today Katie must've been fed up with her, she really wanted to stick it to Andrea. I just didn't expect her to talk like this to someone she sees on an almost daily basis, especially in front of me.
Katie of course wasn't lying to Andrea. She wasn't shy about loving my dick when it was just us two, but talking openly about it in front of friends was new territory. Despite being more or less oblivious to it for most of my life, I was by then well aware that I had some quite desirable equipment hanging between my thighs. I don't go around bragging or anything, I've never been the one to initiate these types of conversations, but I really don't care who knows either. And while "impressive" isn't really the first word that comes to my mind, I certainly have nothing to be ashamed of.
More specifically, that "impressive" equipment consists of a 7-1/2" long, 5-1/2" around pink, veiny, and circumcised cock - complete with a slight upward curve ending with a large, pronounced mushroom tip that gives most doorknobs a run for their money. Nestled beneath a taught sack contains two proportionately large and seemingly never empty balls capable of spraying rope after rope of hot thick white cum with considerable force and distance. A thick covering of nearly black untrimmed pubes cover my groin and scrotum.
Anyway, back to the story.
"Bullshit, you would've told me by now," Andrea retorted confidently, referring to both Katie and mine's relationship approaching 4 years at the time in conjunction with their openness with each other regarding partners, sexual details included.
"Andrea, you're always the one talking, maybe if you let me get a word in once in a while," Katie replied, hinting at her frustration. She had confided in me a few times that she often felt conflicted in these sorts of discussions with her girlfriends. She was comfortably in a relationship which was headed toward marriage at a time when most of her girlfriends were struggling in their romantic lives, with the pandemic complicating things even further. Additionally, a search of my Linkedin headline "Senior Software Engineer" and a quick visit to Glassdoor would reveal I more than likely made over double what her and her coworkers made as entry level healthcare employees. She says she doesn't want to seem like she's bragging. I'm sure the Chanel and LV purses I've bought for her didn't help.
"Ok, well talk now. Care to elaborate?" Andrea pushed.
"It's.... No. Forget it. Nevermind," my wife replied, returning to her more usual subdued conversational style. But Andrea, knowing Andrea, is nothing short of persistent when she wants to be.
"No. Katie, no. Tell me what you're talking about," Andrea insisted.
"I told you. His penis.... I'm just saying you'd think it's impressive," Katie answered, sounding more confident. "More than this Captain America dick pic, anyway."
"Yeah right Katie."
"It just is. Trust me."
It was like I wasn't even in the room.
What's so impressive about it?" Andrea pushed.
"It's...." Katie hesitated.
"Is it big?" Andrea wasn't dropping the topic.
"Yes," Katie replied.
"Pshhhh, you've slept with like two other people, how would you know?" Andrea started to dismiss Katie's opinion.
"So what Andrea? I've seen more than three dicks in my life. I know what big is," Katie shut her down, sounding a bit annoyed at the accusation.
"Oh yeah? How big?"
I had my suspicions based on some previous comments Andrea made that she was a bit of a size queen. She was confirming that suspicion now.
"Big big." Katie wasn't completely avoiding the topic, but wasn't giving away too much either.
"Come on Katie," Andrea almost pleaded.
"Big like, biggest I've ever seen. Big."
"How big is it?"
"Andrea, trust me."
"Brian, how big is your penis?"
I couldn't believe my ears.
"Andrea, come on. Just trust Katie." I wasn't sure how far my girlfriend wanted to take this.
"Oh fuck you guys, I'm all frustrated over here alone and you drop that bomb on me? Give me more than that."
"Why do you want to know so bad?" Katie chimed in.
"Because, it's been like over 3 months. I'm losing my damn mind."
"Ok, so watch some porn or something," Katie offered.
"It's not the same. I'm not as visual as I am mental. And the thought that there's just regular guys out there packing serious heat does a lot more for me than watching some bimbo with fake tits getting pounded," she reasoned.
"Regular? I think I'm quite the catch," I say, smirking confidently into the camera.
"No offense Brian, you know what I mean."
"I know, I know. None taken."
"Ok good. So tell me how big it is," Andrea kept pestering us.
"You can tell her if you want," Katie said looking at me.
"Do you want me to?" I asked her. Despite the alcohol, I was starting to get aroused by the conversation.
"I don't know, sure. I don't care."
"Ugh you guys are torturing me," Andrea pleaded.
"She's not gonna drop it," Katie told me what I already knew.
"Well you started this, I think you should finish it," I suggested to her, nodding discreetly towards the coffee table where the remote for our Samsung flatscreen was sitting. I've sent photos before comparing my hard cock next to it before so I knew it was a fair comparison. Katie got the hint, picked it up, and waved it gently in front of the camera.
"What?! No," Andrea replied, sounding shocked.
"Yup," Katie insisted, starting to form a proud little grin. She held the remote against her forearm to emphasize its size.
"No way. Seriously?"
"Seriously. Not quite as wide, but it's at least as long. Maybe a little longer," I answered honestly.
"Damn. If you're not lying, ok. Impressive," Andrea conceded.
"Why would I be lying, it's not like I'm trying to fuck you," I insisted. I truly wasn't, though I totally would if the right circumstances presented themselves and had Katie's solid permission.
"I told you, it's big. But it's not just his size, it's just....it's an attractive penis," Katie added.
"Attractive how?"
"Like, it's pretty. Not ugly or weird looking."
"Ok, so....I'm guessing he's circumcised?" Andrea asked. It was a fair assumption. Circumcision seemingly was standard practice for white males in the United States that were born in the late 80s. Most people around our age hadn't even seen one that wasn't.
"Stop trying to picture my boyfriend's dick," Katie taunted her, sounding a bit cocky (pun intended) that she had something for Andrea to be jealous of for once.
"I'm not. Well, maybe a little," Andrea admitted with a quiet giggle. "You could just show me," she then suggested.
"I'm not showing you my dick," I shut her down, even though I couldn't deny a part of me wanted to. In my younger days I might have acted differently, but at this stage of life I was more interested in keeping my relationship in good graces.
"Ugh, fineee," Andrea lamented.
"Who was that guy in that video we watched? The guy whose dick looks like yours?" Katie asked me. She didn't watch porn by herself, but we had watched some together a week or two previous, mostly just to mix things up. We had pretty frequent sex being locked down, but it was starting to feel a bit routine. I forgot what video we were watching when she said that it was hard for her to get in the mood looking at another penis. In response I put on a video featuring male talent who resembled me pretty closely below the belt, thinking it might be less weird for her. She said it was still weird and we haven't tried it again.
"Oh, Sean Lawless. Google it if you want, add some keywords. I don't know, something like fucks, porn, it shouldn't be too difficult to find," I offered. Like the remote, it was a pretty fair comparison since we both have slight upward curves and massive mushroom heads.
"OK - one second."
While it was well out of view from the camera, I felt my lengthening shaft down my left leg of the sweat shorts I had on. With Andrea preoccupied, I took my girlfriend's hand and placed it there. She shot me an uncertain look, but didn't move it away either.
"Which video should I click?" Andrea asked.
"Is there one with like a cleaning lady or maid or something?"
"Cuban Angelina cleans and gets fucked?"
"That's the one."
"This is dumb, she's just picking up trash with her tits out," Andrea said after a couple minutes.
"Jump forward then, there's a blowjob part," I told her.
There was around thirty seconds of silence while she looked for the scene. Katie had started rubbing and squeezing my cock gently through my shorts, which quickly brought me to full mast.
"Nooo, really? This is what your penis looks like?" Andrea had apparently found it.
"Uh huh," I told Andrea.
"Well fuck me," she said quietly, almost to herself.
"You'd like that wouldn't you?" Katie teased her.
"Who wouldn't? This is a gorgeous penis," she gushed. "Does it really look like this Katie?"
"Well, Brian doesn't shave his pubes. But other than that, yeah, it's pretty close," Katie backed me up.
"You're a lucky girl." Andrea was clearly still occupied with the clip.
"That I am," Katie grinned, surprising me as she pulled my short leg back, exposing my head and a few inches of my shaft, but making sure it remained off camera. She put her thumb just below the ridge of the head and was gently massaging the underside of my cock at its most sensitive part with her fingers. I could barely believe it was happening, the drinks must have really gone to her head. The call fell silent for another couple minutes. I pulled my short leg up further which exposed most of my cock and some of my sack, encouraging her to stroke up and down the full length. The fact she was secretly jerking me off in front of her friend who was undoubtedly thinking about my dick was so erotic I questioned if I could even last. It couldn't have been more than a minute before I had my answer.
"Uhhhh," I groaned involuntarily, looking down at Katie's small hand stroking and caressing my thick cock.
"What the fuck, are you jerking him off?" Andrea must have tabbed back over to the Zoom call and noticed Katie's arm's subtle movements. I looked back up at Andrea on the screen, her fair complexion, long and thick dark brown hair, her dark gray eyes looking back at us, her mouth slightly agape.
"Fuck," I muttered as under my breath, and before either of us could answer her question, my cock began to erupt a huge load of cum, firing over and onto the coffee table, but thankfully not on the laptop. I did my best to stay quiet but apparently my expression gave it all away.
"Oh my god, are you seriously cumming right now?" Andrea exclaimed in disbelief. I couldn't reply with anything but a tell tale grunt as I continued to shoot wildly on the table, throbbing in the soft grip of Katie's hand. By the time my orgasm subsided, the coffee table in front of us was covered with streaks of cum.
"Fuckkk," I panted once I was empty.
"Um, ok. I can't believe you guys just did that," Andrea said softly, sounding almost in awe.
"Sorry, I shouldn't have," Katie replied, slightly embarrassed.
"Sorry Andrea. We got carried away," I quickly added, my post nut clarity and subsequent embarrassment also present.
"No it's, it's ok. It was, um, it was actually kinda hot," Andrea looked a bit flushed. I just looked at Katie, still stunned at what we just did.
"Uh, thanks," I said with an intonation that almost made it sound like a question.
"Next time I want to watch though," Andrea continued.
"Next time?" We both asked almost in unison.
"I mean, only.... Only if you want. Whatever," It was Andrea's turn to look embarrassed.
"Um, I don't know. We'll see." Katie was understandably non-committal.
"Ok well.... I'm gonna go I guess," Andrea announced, her face now definitely flushed.
"Ok, yeah, we should go too. See ya."
We ended the call and closed the laptop. I got a paper towel to clean up the mess on the table.
"Wait," Katie stopped me. She took a picture of the table with her phone.
"What's that about?" I asked her.
"I'm sending it to Andrea."
"Really? Why?"
"She likes it."
"What do you mean?"
"She likes cum. Like she really likes it. She told me once after she went on a tinder date where she hooked up with the guy. She said the guy shot it on her face and apparently there was a lot, like you. I mean, I didn't tell her anything about you or anything. But she said it made her feel like a total slut and she loved it," Katie told me as she tapped away on her phone.
"Here, see?" She handed me her phone with their conversation open. There was the picture of the coffee table doused with my load. Andrea had replied "Are you kidding? That was all Brian?" to which Katie simply sent a winking emoji face. Then another message came in from her. "Is it bad that I'm masturbating looking at this" it read. I typed back "get it girl," sent it, handed the phone back and proceeded to clean my load off of the table.
"Oh my god!" Katie exclaimed, looking down at her phone.
"What?"
"She wants another picture. Of your dick."
"Really? She doesn't mean it. She's probably just horny."
"No, she actually wants me to send one. Should I?"
"You're not serious, are you?" For the I-don't-know-many-nth time that afternoon, I could barely believe what I was hearing.
"Maybe I should. That'll shut her up."
"Yeah right - it definitely won't."
"Only one way to tell. Can you get it up again?"
"Probably, if you suck it," I suggested. I really wasn't expecting this to go any further since Katie isn't very fond of giving me head. She usually only does when she's especially horny, and anyway. But to my surprise, she took her shirt off, exposing a braless pair of 40DDs. They are magnificent, real girl next door type tits if I may say so. Her left one is slightly bigger than her right, they sag slightly under their weight, with large, clearly defined 4 inch diameter pink areolas pointing at a downward angle. She took a hair tie from her wrist and started to put her hair up, which was my queue to lower my shorts exposing my plump 5 inch softie to her.
She knelt in front of me with her hands on her thighs, which pushed her breasts together, and took the head of my cock into her warm wet mouth. I don't exactly what it's called but she did that thing with her tongue where she slowly worked more and more of my flaccid dick into her mouth, right up until her nose grazed my bush, and then pulled all the back leaving the tip in her mouth, stretching it as it slowly inflated with blood. After about a minute of this I was back to full mast. Katie knew it too, and popped me out of her mouth, replacing it with her hand and stroking me slowly. She then let go, got up, and grabbed her phone and the remote from before.
"Do you think we should send her one?" she asked me nervously.
"If you really want to," I answered.
I of course wanted her to, I wanted Andrea to see my big hairy cock and rub what I presumed was her tight bald cunt looking at it. But I didn't want to come across as too eager either. I genuinely loved my girlfriend and would never risk our relationship for a cheap thrill like this.
"Fuck it," Katie said and stood next to me. Her left hand held the 7-1/2 inch remote alongside my cock, the tip of which was almost exactly even with it, if anything extending a millimeter or two past it. She aimed her phone down and I heard her camera shutter effect go off a couple times. Then some tapping followed by that "whhhooop" message sent notification apple is known for.
"I can't believe I just did that," she looked at me unassuredly.
"Why not?"
"I don't know, I hope it doesn't like.... Make things weird?"
"Baby, I love you. We won't make it weird. It's just just something new for us"
"I hope you're right...."
"I think it'll be fine. Seriously. Don't overthink it."
"I know, it's just sometimes she talks to me like I have no clue what I'm talking about. It's so annoying."
"Baby, forget about Andrea for now. I could sense she maybe felt a little like a third-wheel given what had just transpired, and even though she was a willing participant, I could understand that. "Let's go to the bedroom, I'll help you forget."
I guided her towards our bedroom from the living room, intent on making the rest of this about her and me. Not Andrea. She got on the bed and I pulled off her yoga pants and panties in one go, revealing her deliciously hairy pussy. When we first got together, over 4 years ago, she was completely bald like pretty much every girl her age. But I have always preferred a natural bush, and thankfully she agreed to let hers grow wild, not taking a razor to it since, and by now she had a dense tangle of curly brown hair protruding proudly from her slightly chubby pudenda. I dove right in, burying my nose into her furry pelt and immediately found out just how wet she was - very. I went right for her clit, above it, and began tonguing it when she stopped me. I looked up at her to see what the problem was.
"No. I'm already so turned on, just fuck me," she said.
"Hands and knees," I commanded.
She turned onto her belly and assumed the doggy position, her hairy cunt lips slightly spread between her thick legs. I touched the tip of my cock against them, intending to tease her a little, but she had other ideas. As soon as I started rubbing lightly around her opening, she slammed her ass against my torso. This took me by surprise as I usually have to slowly work into her, but she was so wet there was no need for that. This was not going to be a love making session. She wanted a legitimate pounding.
So that's what I did - I grabbed her waist and went to town. I usually don't last very long in this position with her, it's sensory overload watching my fat dick sliding in and out of her hairy split open pussy, the sides of her big tits flopping back and forth with every ball slapping thrust. But having cum not 30 minutes earlier, and still feeling a bit buzzed, this must've gone on for 7 or 8 minutes before I even felt remotely close to finishing. The first few times I was able to quell the urge quite easily, but then she did something I can only remember her doing one other time. Katie is usually self conscious about masturbating in front of me, but not only did she start to rub her clit while I pounded her, she started to dirty talk as well.
"I love this fucking cock," I heard her say to herself as I continued to split her bushy meaty lips while she rubbed her clit, occasionally reaching back to fondle my hairy sac.
"What'd you say?" I said teasingly, encouraging her more.
"Ohhh.... I love your big fucking cock Brian," she said much more audibly this time.
"And I love pounding your tight pussy"
"Fuck yes. Fuck my pussy. Fuck my hairy fucking pussy you love so much"
I wish I could say I lasted even longer, but that did it for me. She rarely acknowledged her big bush that she grew for me, partially because it turns me on so much it makes me cum super fast. This time was no different.
"Fuck, I'm gonna cum. Where?"
"Not inside." She must've been ovulating or close to it, as that is where she usually wants it.
"Oh-FUCK!" I couldn't help but cry out, taking my dick in my hand and furiously stroking it. Looking down I could see her continuing to rub between her legs while I brought myself off.
"Uhnnggg," I groaned softly as the first rope shot out, landing between her shoulder blades. She started to shake and breathe heavily, a tell-tale sign of her own orgasm. The next two shots were more forceful, the first splashing past her head against the wall, the second spraying her light brown hair.
"Fuck, baby," she whimpered, still rubbing herself and panting through her orgasm. I continued unloading 4 or 5 more rounds onto her back, each one a little less powerful than before. I collapsed on the bed and Katie got up, her back dripping with fresh cum. She went into the living room, returned with her phone, and laid next to me.
If you enjoyed this one, look out for part 2 which will follow shortly.