That Scott knew I was naked and didn't say anything was surprising.
That he had taken my wet panties and bra was unexpected.
What he would do next had me worried and more than a little excited.
Part of the thrill for me so far was always wondering what would happen if I got caught. But now that someone knew at least a part of what I had been doing had me teetering on the edge between complete excitement and sheer panic.
A cold shiver ran through my body though with the realization he could blackmail me; though the more I thought other scenarios came to mind. He might use me, almost like his own personal fuck toy, I would have to do whatever he asked just to keep from being exposed publicly.
I stood in my office thinking for a few minutes.
"Fuck I hope so," I said to my empty office while I softly and quietly caressed myself.
I might have almost waited too long to start exploring this type of pleasure, but I still had time.
I leaned back against the door frame and just enjoyed being naked in my office. I let the feeling and desires that stirred within me have control of me for several more moments. I wanted so much to stay and just keep playing with it, but I knew how late it was already. My logical side knew told me it was time to go home. The emotional and sensual part of me thought tonight had been so much of an adventure that I didn't want it to end. I knew I had long ago pushed past what I should have for one night, but I was wavering.
I stopped, sighed a little, and bent down to pick up my remaining clothes when a naughty idea came to me.
"That would really be bad," I thought and wondered for a second and then made up my mind.
"Fuck yes," I thought or said, it didn't matter because instead of getting dressed, I gathered my clothes and roughly shoved them into my briefcase.
The thoughts racing through my mind made my body shake. So naughty, and so very risky because it was 30 minutes with traffic lights and lots of traffic, there might be police spot checks, and I could get in an accident; hell, just getting across the well-lit parking lot would be a challenge.
For a moment I could see myself getting pulled over, begging the cop not to ticket me, maybe giving him a blowjob, maybe I could convince them just to spank me.
Then what if it was a woman cop, I moaned as my body trembled at the thought and the possibility of going down on a woman, it might almost be worth getting caught.
Almost hyperventilating with anticipation, even though I was nervous as hell, I just knew I had to do it.
I quickly gathered the rest of my things, cramming them and my shoes into the briefcase. I was totally nude and now barefoot as well, completely vulnerable if I got caught, and there was nothing I would rather be.
I did take a vanity moment to straighten my hair and fix my makeup. I don't wear much makeup, just enough to accent my features and it had run a little with my activities in the boardroom earlier. I'm not sure what I was expecting, but it did make me feel even sexier and that is never a bad thing I thought.
Turning off the lights I started for the door.
I noticed goosebumps as I took deep breaths to relax. Walking down the hall I imagined doing it twelve hours from now, filled with people. I whimpered aloud and moved toward the main door. Walking with an exaggerated sway to my hips, enjoying the feeling of being nude at work, I wondered about taking a selfie so I could watch myself later but decided just to enjoy the feeling, maybe I could do that another time.
I came to the main door and looked out through the glass windows. I never really appreciated how well-lit the parking lot was until now. Or just how far away I had parked this morning from the entrance. My car was the only one in the lot.
Unconsciously I brushed my hair away from my face and noticed my heart was thumping hard in my chest.
I almost lost my nerve.
Almost.
I opened the door and stepped out into the night air. The door closed and locked behind me.
My keys!!!
"Fuck, what have I done," thinking I had forgotten them and locked them inside the building.
Panic raged for a second before I found them after almost emptying my purse. Then I realized I was standing still under the bright lights of the building, completely visible to anyone who happened to be driving by. I thought about running, but instead just started walking.
"This is so slutty," I thought, reveling in the feelings coursing through my body. I was shaking, scared about getting caught, thrilled to be nude, and secretly hoping that someone would see me. I was completely aware of every sense, every sound, and just how incredibly turned on I was.
Several cars drove past the parking lot, I held my breath each time, deliciously enjoying being exposed, but unfortunately, no one stopped, and no brake lights shone. By the time I reached my car, I was as wet as I had been while I was masturbating on the boardroom table.
Opening the rear door, I purposely put my things in the back seat, just in case I lost my nerve.
When I sat in the driver's seat and fastened my seat belt, I felt the shoulder strap cross and rub one of my nipples quite deliciously. I could feel my wetness seeping from me, and I knew the interior of the car was filled with the scent of my little pussy. I checked my mirrors and reached to start the car when one hand fell between my legs.
I shivered as I brought my fingertips up and let them lightly graze my swollen and wet lower lips.
I sat there for several minutes and just used my fingers to lightly touch myself, starting with just the smooth skin around my pussy, my fingertips barely touching my skin, but it was enough. For the second time tonight, I began to make bigger then smaller circles, revolving around my folds. In the darkness of my car, my breathing was becoming more labored and slowly my touching edged closer to the center of my thighs.
I noticed more cars driving past the parking lot, but none stopped, and I closed my eyes as waves and colors swirled in my mind. The blackness of the night became mixed with cool blues and dark greens, and the waves grew, crested, and fell as my finger found my little clitty and caressed it and everything around it.
My breathing was becoming deeper and increasingly loud and raspy. I shifted and rocked in my seat, using my thumb on one hand to roll and circle my clit, my other hand and its fingers were sliding in and out of me. The greens and blues gave way to deep reds, oranges, and just a hint of yellows, sounds came from my throat, whimpers, moans, vowels, nothing recognizable as words. The waves now crashed about me.
As before, I lost all track of time, all I was aware of was the building tension, that wonderful feeling that always preceded the approach of an orgasm, and the feeling I was the only person in my little world of pleasure.
I felt myself arching in the seat, restrained by the seat belt, my body pushed hard against the belt, my nipples aching for relief, I could feel myself getting more and more rigid as I teetered on the very edge for several moments, desperately wanting to let myself cum and equally wanting to hold out for as long as possible, I could just barely hear someone screaming and it took me a moment to realize it was me.
At that moment of realization, the dam broke, and the colors exploded like before, the loudest scream or moan yet exploded from my lips and more wetness surged from my battered little pussy. The shock waves reverberated for what seemed like forever, my eyes unfocused, my body sweaty and slumped in my seat, my arms resting, each feeling like they weighed 1000 pounds.
"Holy shit," I finally mumbled, my hair damp and matted to my forehead.
I felt dehydrated and wondered if that was possible from cumming so much.
After five more minutes, somehow I managed to lift my arms and finally reached for the ignition. The dashboard clock flashed on; I had been parked for almost an hour.
I knew I needed to get home, working late was one thing, but between the boardroom and what I just finished in the car, I was really late.
Slowly I drove towards the exit. Remembering my headlights, I turned them on as I approached the exit. For a moment as I turned, my lights illuminated a police cruiser parked just across the street. I hadn't noticed it when I came out of the building. I registered a small light and noticed a lone officer sitting in their car, had they seen me, had they suspected anything.
The cruiser would have been in a perfect position to have watched me cross the parking lot and maybe even watch me masturbate.
I held my breath again and eased into traffic, I glanced in the driver's seat and the cop looked up, smiled, and waved; then he was behind me. It was two blocks before I exhaled.
No flashing lights, the car remained parked, and I drove away through the late evening traffic.
My pussy was buzzing and so sensitive to touch that I could barely touch it, still at every light I played with my boobs and nipples, hidden by the darkness, and completely soaked.
After what seemed like an eternity, I pulled finally into our driveway, wondering how I could manage to get dressed without Mel noticing. Then I noticed the driveway was empty and the house was dark. For the first time since I had rediscovered my desires, I was tired, totally exhausted.
I dragged myself into the house and took a quick shower, almost falling asleep under the hot water. Normally after masturbating, I felt more alive and ready for more, but after tonight's activities, maybe for once, I needed some rest. "What a night," I said to myself as I climbed into bed naked, forgoing any pj's tonight and with my mind filled with images from tonight.
Expecting to sleep, having exhausted myself for several hours, it turns out sleep wasn't going to happen. I tossed and turned all night, I seemed to barely sleep more than 15 minutes before laying awake and worrying about what might happen when I went to work the next day.
Would Scott have told my boss, would he want to fire me, would Scott blackmail me, would the cops be waiting for me, knowing what I had been doing. This had never happened to me before and the anxiety made me lie away long past when Mel came to bed. Finally, around 3:30 ish the exhaustion took over and I slept.
The next thing I knew I was driving to work the next day still trying to convince myself that everything would be okay.
I felt like a zombie, I was so tired from not sleeping.
Last night had been a blur, a very pleasant and a very dangerous blur. The feeling of sensuality is now past and replaced by worry and stress.
Now as I thought about it, I figured Scott could have turned on the light in the boardroom, but he didn't. He could have told my boss, but he didn't. He could have taken all my clothes, I'll admit that would have been interesting, but he didn't. I smiled for the first time, if he had taken my clothes, my drive home would have been the same, but still, I felt incredibly anxious.
Scott did take my panties though; I think that was something positive. I told myself that, but I was still sweating.
I remembered pulling into the parking lot that I had only left hours ago. The police cruiser was gone. I needed a coffee; I remembered closing my eyes for a moment.
Things felt foggy to me and didn't get any better when I got to my desk and saw an email from my boss, the message said he had something he wanted to see me about first thing this morning when he got to the office. But he didn't say what it was about. Had Scott told him, was I going to get fired, how would I explain that to anyone.
"OMG," I thought, and I almost started crying just thinking about it.
The only problem my boss wasn't at work yet, and the waiting only made the anxiety stronger.
It felt like I had been at work for almost an hour when he showed up and there was no sign of Scott.
My boss called me into his office and almost slammed the door, he didn't look like he was pleased and when he started talking, my worst fears were confirmed.
"Brenda, I want you to explain last night?"
"I'm sorry," I was almost blubbering, "There was no excuse, I didn't think I would hurt anyone, I had worked extra, I know it was wrong, please don't fire me, I will do anything to keep this job."
He cut me off with a hand gesture, seeming to realize that maybe he was being too hard on me. "Brenda, it's okay, it can happen to anyone, I've done it." He seemed genuinely surprised by my now confused reaction.
I started to explain why I had been masturbating in the boardroom, but suddenly I caught myself and said, "You have?"
"Of course, several times, I appreciate that you were embarrassed, but trust me, I understand."
"You have?" I was even more perplexed.
"Yes Brenda, and don't worry I am not going to fire you over this." He paused for several seconds letting the silence fill the room, then he added, "Brenda, you would have to do something much worse than what you did to get fired?"
"I would?" I couldn't see how what I had done could have possibly been worse.
"Forgetting to lock up is serious, but not the end of the world, you work hard Brenda and we really value what you do for us, me in particular, now come now cheered up," he paused and my confusion started to clear.
I started to breathe again, he wasn't talking about my naked adventures, I was so relieved. For a moment I stopped listening and then I realized he was still talking. I had to refocus and forced myself to listen closer.
I felt confused, I was having trouble concentrating, and I was disoriented but couldn't figure out why.
"Brenda, it's not like you were running around the office naked, masturbating, or anything like that." My heart turned to ice and stopped beating. He moved around my desk and extended his hand.
I took his hand, and he pulled me to my feet, he didn't let go of my hand and was only inches from me.
I could almost taste his cologne and I could hear him breathing. Then he spoke again.
"Even if you did something like that Brenda, we count on you too much, as long as you are discrete nobody will care or need to know, what you are doing." He let go of my hands but didn't turn away.
The realization was breaking through the fog I was in like a freight train.
I felt like I was free-falling. Then he spoke again.
"You are one of my closest people, I trust you to keep all of our secrets, it's only fair that I keep one of yours," his hands now moved to my shoulders, and he slowly but lightly rubbed my arms, his hands sliding down until he held my hands. He looked deep into my eyes and then added, "And mine too."
His hands moved to my hips, and he was holding the lower part of my body tight to his. I could feel the bulge in his pants as he spoke.
"You know what I was doing last night," It really wasn't a question as much as it was an obvious statement.
He leaned forward and kissed me as his hands moved to my ass. His fingers lightly explored the fabric of my slacks as his tongue opened my lips and passed between them.
"Yes Brenda, I gave Scott a ride home and we talked about you a lot."
"Scott told me you were likely in the boardroom," he said as he licked my lips and then kissed me again. He said, "Scott said he had followed the scent of your perfume and somehow recognized the scent of your sex. Then in the car, he showed me your wet panties."
"You were actually naked Brenda and masturbating in the boardroom?" he whispered as he broke the kiss and ran his fingers up the intersection of my thighs, eliciting a quiet moan from me, "And did you actually play with yourself on the boardroom table?"
My head was spinning, in shock, as I stood there letting my boss manhandle my body, he was a good twenty years younger than me.
Despite myself, I leaned into the kiss, and my entire body seemed to moan with the physical connection between us. Almost everything I had done or masturbated to had been solo or imaginary and now to actually be touched by a real man made my knees weak.
"Brenda, I have wanted to do this since the very first day I met you three years ago."
"I watch you come into work every day, always smiling and upbeat. I know you could be my mother, but I think that's part of what makes you so sexy. I would have approached you sooner, but I always got the sense there was something restrained about you."
I inhaled sharply as he deftly undid my slacks and slipped his fingers into the space between my now-open slacks and my increasingly slick panties. More moaning and not just a little panting.
"Scott told me you were likely naked and masturbating on my boardroom table, was that what you were doing Brenda?" David asked again so quietly that I could have sworn his voice was inside my head.
I ground myself against his hand. In an even bolder move his fingers pushed down on my panties and slipped under the waistband and made me groan as one of his fingers parted my pussy and then penetrated deep inside me.
I was completely submissive and ground myself even harder against his hand and into his fingers.
"Now come on Brenda, answer the question," I hadn't done anything except moan and whimper since this had begun, my ability to communicate anything more than that seemed to have disappeared, so I slowly nodded my head.
"Brenda, that's so naughty, what am I supposed to do with you?"
I started to say something, but his tongue was already inside my mouth and now two fingers were stretching my very wet little box.
"What was that Brenda, you said you want to suck my cock, is that what you said?"
"You want to suck your boss's cock, right in my office, with people working in the office, only a few feet from us?"
"Oh Brenda, that's pretty nasty and more than a little slutty," I moaned out loud as his words echoed in my mind and I pushed even harder against his fingers, "Yes Brenda that is very slutty, but I think you're right, I think you should suck my cock."
"First though, I think you should undress for me," there was nothing I wanted to do more at this moment but then he added, "Actually keep your panties and let them get good and soaked for me, like the ones Scott had. Too bad that he didn't actually get to see you or feel you, but there will be time for that again."
I stood in front of him and pulled my slacks down, over my ass as he whistled, and then stepped out of them as gravity took over.
He looked at my panties, the sexy silk black ones, he rubbed my pussy through them and my knees almost buckled.
"Brenda, you have a really nice body, your legs are amazing, and oh, you shave your pussy too, that's really sexy."
"So wet Brenda, you really are something special, I wonder what Mel would say, but judging by how easily you are doing this, I would say he hasn't done much with you, too bad for him, good for Scott and me."
"On your knees, Brenda, and undo my pants."
I dropped to my knees and looked up into his eyes smiling down at me.
His zipper sounded so loud, but I wasn't thinking about anything except what was behind it. I could see the bulge and in seconds the circumcised tip was between my lips.
Now it was his turn to moan.
I licked his precum wetness as my tongue circled the end of his cock. He wasn't huge but he was nevertheless nice and thick as I licked and sucked on him.
"Play with yourself while doing me," he commanded, and my fingers slipped under the elastic of my panties and found my box without having to be asked twice.
I felt him shift a little and then he pushed his pants and underwear down his own legs, I took advantage, and now free of his underwear I licked up and down his entire shaft. I could feel the heat of his cock and sensed the veins with my tongue, lips, and mouth as I began to alternatively take him into my mouth and then lick up and down him. I used my tongue to explore every inch of him.
The sounds of the office and the thoughts of other people disappeared from my consciousness.
His hands each gripped onto my hair as if he was holding on for dear life.
He left me enough flexibility that I could bob up and down and he trembled when I took one of his balls into my mouth. I used one of my sopping-wet fingers to trace the space between his balls and his little rosebud.
His shivering was becoming more frequent, and his moans out lasted mine in force and length. With my remaining fingers, almost on automatic, I used them to work my pussy, ever faster and faster.
He let go of my hair and I leaned down and licked the path between his ass and his cock in a long slow motion before taking him deep into my throat. I hadn't done this to a man since before I had met Mel, this one gripped my hair even tighter, moaning, and forcing me to arch my back even more. It may have been a while since my last blow job, but I still knew how.
I lost track of how long we did this, all that mattered to me was making sure he was enjoying this. I could have done this all day, but then, almost surprising me with the suddenness, he went rigid for a moment, and then followed it with a long shivering moan. I could feel his pulse change and he was cumming, and cumming deep inside my mouth. I had forgotten how much force there can be and how salty it tasted.
I clamped my mouth around him and just swallowed, he continued to shake and shiver for several more moments before steadying himself on me. I continued to lick, suck, and swallow as much as I could. He looked down at me, naked except for some wet panties. I licked my lips, swallowing the last remnants of his cum, and smiled back. I had forgotten how cum always made my mouth and lips feel numb when I gave a blowjob.
At the same time, while he watched, my own body shook with the pleasant and familiar rush of orgasm. It wasn't huge, not like what I have had recently, but still, that sense of building, building, building, and then falling, and then that electricity feeling running through my entire body, especially while he watch me cum was so intensely erotic, I felt like I was being so bad.
Suddenly from out of nowhere I could hear knocking. It was out of place. How could that be? The room seemed to disappear into a haze that made me feel confused and out of touch.
At first, the knocking seemed a long way from me. I feverishly tried to keep his cock in my mouth, feeling it starting to shrink and contract.
After what seemed like hours, but I knew it must have only been a few moments I heard it again, and also now there was a voice, it was his but it wasn't him, it seemed totally different than when he was commanding me to suck his cock.
It took a few more moments and I could hear my name again and again.
"Brenda, are you listening, Brenda, are you okay?" I could now clearly hear the distant voice and felt someone knocking on a car window, my car window. It was my boss. He was dressed, completely dressed, and I realized so was I. What was happening?
Out of reflex, I felt my hand move, my fingers pressed a button, and cool air funneled towards me. Suddenly I knew as my car window opened and more of the cool morning air rushed in to replace the heat inside the car.
"Come on Brenda, you must have dozed off, no wonder, working so late last night, how long have you been sitting in your car?"
I was groggy, confused, disappointed, more than a little wet, and flushed all over.
I had been sitting in the car, and I was dressed. My boss didn't seem to notice my hand buried between my legs or the scent of my pussy filling that I thought was overwhelming. I could feel the wetness between my legs and knew my fingers would be wet too. I unlocked the doors and mumbled something to him, and he opened and held my door. I quickly pulled my hand from between my legs, my fingers still wet.
"TTTThhhanks," I said pushing the button to make the window go up.
If he noticed the scent of my orgasm or the wetness of my crotch, he never said anything.
"Come on inside and I'll make you a coffee, that'll wake you up, you look flush and pale, Brenda, Are you sure you're okay?"
I was still confused, I had never fallen asleep in my car before, I remember arriving early, and I remember playing with myself like I had been doing for a while now. I remember being worried. I must have closed my eyes. It had been so real, so vivid, then I remembered that cock, filling my mouth and the little orgasm. I licked my lips, disappointed not to taste that salty and musky taste. Still, it was pretty incredible and I smiled and thought about how lucky I had been for both things.
He helped me as I stumbled a little in the parking lot and then held the building door for me.
We walked together and he excused himself, "If you're okay, I'll grab you a coffee."
Shakily I made it to my office and sat down, the warmth and electricity of my orgasm still tingling through my body. "Well at least that part wasn't just a dream," I thought.
He reappeared a few minutes later and gave me my coffee and told me again how much he appreciated my work. No mention was made about the door being unlocked and it would appear Scott never said a word to him last night.
I didn't see Scott until later in the day but when I came out of a meeting. We waved across the room, but no words were said. When I went into my office there was a small gift bag on my desk. When I asked, nobody seemed to know where it had come from, or who had left it there.
I closed my door just as the phone rang. I answered the phone and talked all while staring at the bag.
When I hung up, I carefully opened it.
There was a note, in the same handwriting as last night.
"Maybe sometime you can show me how they look on you, Scott."
It was a pair of sexy and silky red lace panties.
A text appeared on my phone at almost the same moment.
"Could you do that for me?"
I smiled and typed, "Yes."
I never got a chance that day to do anything about Scott's request, the next, or even the day after, unfortunately, because by then he was away at a conference.
Finally, I had to do something.
Through the darkness of my imagination, I sensed the closing and locking of a door.
It was three days after the car incident, and I thought it safer to be here.
Here was at home, Mel was out for the night, I had lit some candles, had a nice bottle of red wine, and the house was quiet.
I got as comfortable as I could and closed my eyes.
In my mind, I imagined standing just inside the door of a hotel room. Liz was with me.
A cool breeze broke the humidity of a tropical atmosphere. The sun shone in the open windows.
I could detect the sweet scent of suntan lotion and my own excitement.
My hand was on the door and a light sheen of sweat, not from the heat of the room, but from the anticipation I felt from my own body, it covered my nakedness from my damp hair to the tips of my freshly painted red toenails.
I could sense Liz beside me, her small hand in mine.
Liz smiled, she was wearing sandals, a cool yellow tank top, white shorts, and a necklace of seashells she had bought at the airport.
I felt her hand caressing my ass.
"You look amazing Brenda," Liz whispered, I couldn't believe she had talked me into doing this.
"Brenda, this is how I got introduced to doing this, trust me, being the only person naked your first time feels so incredibly erotic, you will orgasm with the slightest touch afterward."
I believed her, but being naked while she remained dressed was still very, very scary.
"It will make you even more horny Brenda, I remember the first time Bruce and I came here, he stayed dressed and I was naked, it was so incredible, for that first walk around the resort, I was the only person naked, I practically came as soon as Bruce touched my pussy."
"And, I'll bet you will be the same way too Brenda," Liz smiled and I felt her fingers slide down the curve of my ass.
I leaned across and kissed her on the lips. I had never kissed another woman before that way. My lips touched hers and it seemed to turn my sensitivity up several notches. I felt Liz's tongue and lips as she French kissed me. Her mouth and lips felt amazing, and I told her that I didn't think anyone had ever kissed me more sensually than her.
She responded by kissing me even more powerfully.
"Brenda, you are such a naughty girl," and I felt her slap my ass. It stung a little because Liz didn't hold back, and almost impossibly I felt even wetter than I already was.
"Brenda, you and I are going to have so much fun," and using the same hand that slapped my ass, she used it to part my legs and slowly rub my little pussy.
I moaned and Liz, said, "Okay, lover, there will be time for that when we get back, let's show you off, and then I will fuck you," and she grabbed my hand and pulled me dazed feeling amazing into the hallway.
The door closed behind me. My clothes and my keys were behind me and out of reach.
I realized I was holding my breath again. Consciously I forced myself to breathe. No security rushed to tackle me, and no one screamed because there was a naked woman in the hallway. I couldn't believe we were doing this. Maybe some naturalists didn't get aroused being naked in a public place, but not me, I was so turned on.
Liz stood behind me, her body pressed tight to mine, her hands reaching around me massaging my nipples and teasing them like she knew the combination to make me orgasm. I thought to myself that I wasn't the first woman she had done this with.
She whispered in my ear, "Brenda, you look amazing, you are making me so wet," and she dropped one hand to my pussy and I knew it came away wet. I tried to touch hers and she slapped my hand, "Not yet, lover, soon though."
The hall on the tenth floor was empty. I took a deep breath, and we started walking toward the elevator. I let my hips sway and slowly started to relax and really enjoy the feeling. I noticed Liz was walking with a huge smile on her face with one hand around my waist.
"Here goes," and I pushed the down button.
My heart raced as the numbers indicated the elevator was coming down, which meant likely there would be people on it already, I could feel my heart fluttering. Liz kissed me again just as the bell rang.
When the doors opened, several people were openly staring, they were all dressed. I felt a surge of adrenaline and all the butterflies in my stomach taking flight at the same time.
I realized Liz and I were still holding hands as she squeezed my fingers.
We had only been in the resort for less than an hour, and we hadn't even unpacked, Liz had been anxious for me to experience being naked in public and honestly, I couldn't wait either.
We had barely just dropped our bags on the bed when Liz said, "Shower, come on."
She grabbed my hand and her overnight bag and pulled me into the bathroom without even waiting for me to respond.
Although I had hoped that we would explore each other, Liz had strangely not even brought up the subject on the flight or in the taxi from the airport, all she had talked about sexually was how quickly she wanted me naked in public. My imagination was swirling and twisting just thinking about doing that.
So lost in my thoughts I was surprised that Liz was taking off my travel clothes and had started kissing me.
"You still have your clothes on, Liz," I said kind of surprised, trying to breathe while she kissed and touched me, while at the same time loving the feeling of her lips and tongue on mine.
"Not for long," she smiled, pausing just long enough to turn on the shower and then proceeded to strip in front of me.
"You like what you see?" she smiled again as I realized I was staring, and my mouth was hanging open.
Liz was beautiful, there was no denying she was an older woman, but she had taken care of herself, through exercise and eating properly, and at this moment in time, I thought she was the sexiest woman I had ever seen. The hot water and the steam enveloped us as our lips came together again and again.
Now in the elevator, as the doors closed, I was reliving the shower in my mind, and I must have whimpered a little because I suddenly noticed everyone staring at me. Liz still had her arm around my waist and surprised me by giving me another long deep passionate kiss in front of everyone.
Apparently, not everyone was pleased because I heard whispers of "sluts," "Lesbians," and "dirty old women," however, several of the men, both young and older whistled and encouraged us.
At the 7th-floor elevator, the door opened, and a large group of several men pushed into the elevator. I glanced at the limit sign, noticing we were two over. Liz mentioned that before the door closed and we offered to get out, but before we could the door closed.
There was no room, and everyone was crowded together, Liz and I were face to face and my body was pressed against hers.
In the now crammed elevator, I was the only one naked, my heart was pounding, and then Liz was rubbing my pussy. She was discreet but I felt like all my nerve endings felt like they were on fire and I could barely stand up. I was naked, being masturbated by my fully clothed friend and I could feel that I wasn't going to be able to control myself much longer, the trembling and waves of energy were almost more than I could contain, and Liz knew that.
We approached the 4th floor and there was a crunch sound the elevator stopped and the lights went out. The emergency lights came on, but it was only a fraction of the light the elevator had just moments before. I felt three of Liz's fingers in my pussy, Liz just smiled her innocent little smile and I tried hard not to moan and failed.
It was a small moan, but the men on either side of me heard me. Someone by the door was talking but the words didn't make any sense. I felt hands on my ass, Liz was still looking deep into my eyes as her fingers continued working me. My knees were getting wobbly as two different hands reached around me from behind and cupped my boobs. I felt their fingers and thumbs pinching and rubbing my nipples. I could feel my eyes rolling back in my head.
Then there were more hands, different hands, more hands than I could count, some soft and definitely feminine, some rough, large, and calloused, touching, caressing, and exploring.
I screamed as my knees gave out, and the rest of my body convulsed as an orgasm tore through me.
I could feel my pussy squirting, the hot liquid seemed to never end, the orgasm rippling through my body, the intensity only starting to fade gradually. At some point, Liz's smile grew fainter as reality returned and my adventure returned to the darkest parts of my fantasies. I lay there for a long time afterward, only dragging myself to bed after an hour of softly letting my fingertips explore my body.
Mel's snoring broke through to me later with the incredible realization that I had to do something different, something had to change. Yes, I was enjoying the masturbation sessions, and the dreams were awesome, but a craving had begun, a base need that needed more than just my fingers or vibrator to satisfy. I had known all along that this would happen.
As Mel snored and hogged the blankets, I realized I was naked. I had no idea what had happened to my pj's, I was covered in sweat, and my pussy was drenched, at first, I thought maybe I had an accident, but the scent was different and I recognized it immediately. I closed my eyes for another few minutes, trying to pull the memories together so I wouldn't forget.
A cool breeze wafted into the room and I felt a coolness as the wetness of my body began to evaporate. I closed my eyes and let the memory of my earlier orgasm relax me and eventually I fell into a wonderful sleep with lingering images and thoughts of being naked with Liz, echoing in my brain.
For the next few days at work, I wanted to talk to Liz, to tell her how I felt, and maybe even to tell her about my dream. Unfortunately, as Scott had been, she and Bruce were away for a few days. I thought about texting her writing but deleting several texts that just didn't communicate how I felt about her. I wanted, no I needed to see her, to talk face to face, and to kiss her passionately.
In the meantime, Scott was back and was flirting with me almost constantly. He did not mention the panties or the night he had covered for me, but there were always lingering smiles, random "accidental" touching of my hand, once or twice some brushing by and squeezing of my ass, and much wetness on my part. Everything was combined to make me want to confront him and either ravish him or let him ravish me.
I have no idea how I managed to get work done, as my mind seemed only to focus on sex, and being naked; causing even more, vivid dreams which were intruding more and more into my consciousness.
Then something broke free.
It was a big thing to break free.
Even though I had waited so long for this and had known from the time I found the note, this would happen; my hands were shaking as it began.
The office was busy, hectic even chaotic, busy enough that no one would notice when we left within a few minutes of each other.
He had sent me a text almost thirty minutes ago. I hadn't been able to concentrate since then. I swear the clock was almost moving backward.
The text was simple, "How about at 12:15?"
It was a short walk, and I wouldn't need to bring anything. Breathing deeply to relax my voice, turned off the light, closed my door, and told everyone I was heading out for lunch.
Through the office, down the hall, turn right and then past the boardroom, out through the coat room to the stair doors. I quickly checked in both directions, and no sounds or people were approaching. I reached for the door and turned the normally locked doorknob. It opened easily. I stepped into the darkness and locked the door.
I heard him breathing before I saw him and took his hand. Even though he worked in an office, in an instant I felt the rough calloused texture and I felt just like I had so many years ago as a teenager when I was sneaking a boy into my bedroom.
He led me up the stairs, pulling me by the hand to the old supply room. His hand was warm, it was like the very first time I had actually touched him. Until now things had only existed in my dreams, "my alone" sessions, and in the promise of the note he had left after he had taken my bra and panties. In my imagination, we had done much more than just touch hands. Maybe it was melodramatic to say, but that night everything had changed.
Until then I had mostly been content to find pleasure alone, in my fantasies. After that night, imagining the resort with Liz, I began to imagine finding someone or someone to satisfy me. Liz was one person who nurtured and pushed my buttons, the other had been Scott, and the promise of his note.
I knew I was going to do something with both of them, it just turned out that it was Scott first.
The room was dusty and unorganized, and the ceiling was barely high enough for him to stand straight. We had separated at the landing, and he now stood across the small room from me smiling. I shivered in again anticipation. I wasn't cold, but I was shivering. It was like my body was a million degrees, it was the hope of what the next few minutes would bring that made me shiver.
We each took steps toward each other and then we were kissing. We stood for a moment with me leaning towards him, my arms at my sides. The first kiss was tentative, but the feeling was electric, so much better than I had ever imagined. The second was longer, our teeth came together, and we both smiled, I opened my mouth and pushed my tongue against his lips, they parted and for the first time ever I kissed another man romantically, a younger man if only by a few years, lustfully, someone who was not my husband.
His eyes were closed, and I savored the feeling. Excitement and the thrill of the danger of what we were doing flowed through my veins. I felt his hands wrap themselves around me and pull me closer, our tongues dancing together, our lips moving in sequence. I could feel the hardness of his cock pressing against me.
The hustle, bustle, and noise only feet away from us disappeared for me.
We kissed for what seemed like hours, it had been so long since I had been kissed by a man like this. I felt his hands squeeze my ass and almost lift me off the floor. His hands moved up and next, he was cupping one of my boobs, his thumb and forefinger slowly caressing my hard nipples. A soft low moan escaped from my lips. I could feel the power, the desire, and the barely restrained strength in him.
My hands roamed over his shoulders and chest, I was more than a little pleasantly surprised with the muscles that he hid beneath sweaters and other loose clothing.
We didn't have much time and the threat of discovery, even in this seldom-used room, was always present. His level of hunger surprised me, he was always so quiet and never seemed to need the spotlight, but his kissing and touching were so raw and elemental, he took my breath away.
Knowing the danger, I undid the clasp on his dress pants, grateful he wasn't wearing a belt. Slipping my small hand into his pants I made two discoveries, his skin was remarkably smooth, and as my hand moved closer to his cock, he did not seem to have any body hair, anywhere.
And secondly, he was not wearing any underwear. I had heard of many women going commando, but I hadn't heard of any men doing it.
My fingers felt the heat and hardness as they discovered and rubbed him. He was so much bigger than what I was used to. I broke the kiss reluctantly and smiled before lowering myself to my knees. I knew someone might ask why my knees were dusty later, but right now I wanted to do this and didn't care how dirty I got doing it.
Scott helped me pull his pants down, at some point gravity took over, but I wasn't watching, now I had my lips moving over the tip of his cock, I had already tasted and licked the clear pre-cum from him and was looking for more. I was aware of Scott's hands on the sides of my head, but I was almost completely focused on making Scott cum.
It had been so long since I had given head to Mel. I used my tongue and licked and sucked on Scott's cock like it was an ice cream cone. My fingers were busy, caressing his shaft and playing with his balls. I looked up and locked eyes with Scott and he opened his mouth and just moaned as his eyes closed and his head tilted back.
I moved my tongue and lips back and forth along the sides of his cock, feeling with my tongue his warmth, the pulse of his heart, the veins, and his taste. His smooth balls seemed to beg to be sucked and as I moved up and down his length I alternated first one and then the other. Scott's tightening grip on my hair seemed to show how he was enjoying the sensations as did an ever-increasing number of moans and whimpers.
Taking him into my mouth, I felt his width as his cock brushed up against my bottom and top teeth, I felt him on the sides and top of my mouth. Relaxing slightly as he pushed further, Scott went deeper and deeper, his body trembling as all this was happening. I took him all the way until I felt both of his balls against my lips. He pulled back out and then repeated everything again, once, four times, ten times, each time the shuddering and trembling to grow in intensity.
As Scott slowly but deeply fucked my face, I used one hand to begin softly caressing the space between his legs. Mel would never have let me do this, he thought oral sex was dirty enough, but any time I had tried to play with his as he stopped everything, it would be weeks before we would have sex again. Scott seemed to not have any qualms about this and almost seemed to be pushing back against my fingers.
My technique was just what I imagined I would like and run my finger down the narrow path between his balls and his asshole. Sometimes circling his little rosebud other times just teasing it. Scott was moaning so loudly in response I was afraid he would attract attention from downstairs, but I did not stop.
I stopped for a moment and then used some of my wetness to lube a finger and then just as he was pushing deep down my throat I finished tracing from his balls to his ass and then rimmed and pushed.
"OOOOOhhhhhfffffuuuuuccccckkkkkk BBBBBrrrreennndddaaa," was his response and his body went completely rigid and then he groaned.
Whatever I had ever experienced when Mel came, did not prepare me for what Scott did. Scott's cum filled my mouth and dripped from my lips. He was totally rigid and trembled for several seconds before he dropped to his knees, his cock pulling out of my mouth in the process as still more cum dribbled down my front, leaving small droplets of wetness on my blouse.
Then he was kissing me, licking my face, and devouring his own cream pie, although, at the time, I barely knew what that was.
We kissed for several more moments and he stopped and just held me, both of us on our knees, panting, and me covered in his cum, although not as much as before.
I had never heard of a man liking his own cum, but watching Scott devour it turned me on. My makeup had run and my hair was a mess after Scott had mussed it up as I blew him.
Our "holding time," ended suddenly when a rattling sound disturbed our embrace. Somebody had tried the normally unlocked door at the bottom of the stairs.
We froze.
Then Scott jumped to his feet, but fortunately, before he started to pull his pants up, he helped me to my feet. Whoever had tried the door had left, maybe to go and get the key from the main office, we knew we didn't have much time.
"You go, Scott, it's going to take me a minute," I said realizing my slacks were covered in dust, my blouse was sprinkled with cum, and my face looked like I had just sucked a wonderful cock.
He didn't want to go, but I insisted. He was down the stairs as quietly and quickly as he could. He too looked like he had been up to something, but it was at least ten seconds after I heard the door open and close followed by silence before I heard the doorknob rattle again. I heard the key, I heard the door open and close, and then I heard the sound of footsteps on the stairs.
I tried to wake up but I realized this was real.
There was not much I could do, no mirror, no makeup, I brushed the dust off my knees and tried to pretend to look for a file. I could smell the perfume before I heard the voice.
"Brenda, you are a very naughty girl," I had been caught twice now, once by Scott, and now again.
-----
End of Chapter 3