I have always had an exhibitionist streak. My husband, John, has always been happy to indulge me as long as I do not go too far. We have a next-door neighbor we affectionately refer to as Old Tom. Tom has a wicked sense of humor and a wicked twinkle is his eye. If I am a bit of an exhibitionist Old Tom is definitely a voyeur.
Old Tom seems to be extra attentive to me when John is away for work, which he regularly is. It was at the end of one of these two weeks periods that the events below occurred. It was in the middle of summer and John arrived home a little earlier than I expected. I was in the garden when he arrived and suggested that he changed while I made us both a drink and then joined me in the garden.
He sat on the swing seat while on the pretext of finishing my weeding I put on what I hoped was a provocative display. I had changed into a thong, which I ensured was regularly on display. I knew John was knackered but was determined to get him aroused. The weeding was soon forgotten as I pulled the thongs off but carried on with the sexiest display I could manage.
With my back to him I approached him slowly with my dress above my waist. I was soon rubbing myself against his lap. I was delighted that knackered or not he was very erect and clearly excited. Sitting on the swing seat we could not be seen from any of our neighbor's houses. We would remain unseen unless Tom came down his garden and looked through the gap in the fence, John could not resist my charms for long and soon slipped his shorts and pants off so that his prick could rub against my bottom. It felt lovely after two weeks to be aroused by his beautiful prick. Reaching back and raising myself up I brought his prick between my legs so it could rub on my pussy and when I leaned forwards my clit. I was able to play with the head as it emerged between my legs, red and ready.
We were both enjoying the play as we heard Old Tom calling us as he walked down his garden. We both panicked but realized we did not have time to dress ourselves. As John's prick was visible between my legs I lifted myself and repositioned his prick. It aligned perfectly with my excited pussy and I am not sure which one of us made the movement but it slipped into me with surprising ease. It felt wonderful and I relaxed back against him.
Old Tom's face appeared through the gap in the fence and his knowing smile was disarming. From where he was standing he could not see that John was buried deep in me. It took a few seconds to realize that he could see my thongs on the grass in front of us.
"So nice to see you more appropriately dressed, Jan."
It was not only his smile that was disarming. I was pleased that John's response was with a chuckle as he enquired about Old Tom's comment. I quickly explained that I had been sunbathing topless when Tom had insisted in having a long conversation with me through the fence.
"I told her that her nipples were the most beautiful I had ever seen, but she had to be careful as she could have someone's eyes out with them they were so big."
"Yes and my reply was that if he opened his eyes much further I might succeed."
John has always teased me about how big and excitable my nipples are. Like John, I love them and they often come in useful when I indulge my exhibitionism.
"As you were happy to show off your nipples when I was not here I think you should show them again to Old Tom right now."
John knew it would excite me to do so but wasn't sure I would have the nerve particularly given my current predicament. I did not respond until John repeated his challenge. I looked at Old Tom whose smile was even broader and the twinkle in his eye even more wicked. Holding his stare I very slowly pulled my dress down to my waist. Everything conspired to ensure my nipples were as engorged as they had even been. They felt stunning. I was loving it.
John pushed the swing seat so that we gently swung back and forward. The changing angles created deep penetration that was blissful. John first nibbled my ear and then started to whisper into it. He told me to image it was Old Tom's prick buried inside me and that it was huge. Almost any fantasy whispered into my ear by John when I am already aroused leaves me helpless to resist. His voice is rich and he could say almost anything and it would arouse me.
He was not however saying anything. Fantasizing about being fucked by Old Tom while being watched by Old Tom was confusingly arousing. Somehow the thought introduced by John made me feel that the prick inside me really was much bigger than his. John now played another one of his trump cards. Reaching round he rolled my huge nipples roughly between his fingers and thumbs. Opening my eyes I looked into Old Tom's. He looked straight through me with such a loving stare it made me feel warm and loved.
I was now in a state of total bliss. I wanted it to last forever so was afraid that it could get ruined by me having an orgasm. I love an orgasm as much as the next girl but right now I just wanted to enjoy all the feelings flooding my body for as long as possible. The whispering carried on washing over me.
"You are going to orgasm all over Old Tom's huge prick aren't you my dear?"
"No, no, no, I can't cum like this. Not in front of Old Tom, please no."
I was not whispering and Tom could hear me very clearly. It was his comment I heard next.
"I don't think you have much say as to whether or when you cum my dear. If you think you have, see if you can entertain me for five minutes before you cum."
I don't know whether it was the thought of being fucked by a huge cock, the whispering in my ear, the being watched, the fantasy that it was Old Tom inside me or the lack of sex for two weeks but I did not last five seconds. Tom's challenge was the last nail in my coffin.
The orgasm started in my head but hit every part of my body, particularly my untouched clit. I tried to bounce as much as I could on his lap, without much success, almost screaming something ridiculous about them being bastards and that they could not force me. After at least a dozen powerful orgasmic tremors I was able to open my eyes and look at Tom. The orgasmic spasms my body was experiencing slowed right down until they were many seconds apart. I was determined to keep my eyes open as these spaced out waves shook through me for what seemed like minutes. I succeeded just enough to see Old Tom smiling wickedly and happily at my helpless display.
John was now gently playing with my clit almost as an afterthought. It must have been this and John's whispering that kept these spasms rolling through me. His whispers repeated what he claimed I had been saying, not too quietly, throughout my orgasm. I hope I had not said these embarrassing things but I suspect I had.
That orgasm was a perfect storm, one that I will always remember. I bet both John and Old Tom also remember it well. From that day John and I always referred to Tom as HOT. Tom loved his new nickname even though we never told him that it stood for Huge Old Tom.