"Oh yeah, baby! Give her that big cock. How's it feel to fuck her?" I hissed.
"Fuck, she's so tight and wet," my husband growled as he repeatedly plunged his cock into the raven-haired beauty kneeling on our bed. My husband has a thing for women with black hair, and this one fit his fantasy perfectly, black hair so sleek and shiny it seemed to radiate a deep blue.
"Fuck her harder, babe. Fill her up. Creampie her," I groaned, nearly crying with joy.
"Yeah, I'm going to fill her up with my hot spunk, babe. Put it deep inside her and watch it ooze out onto the sheets."
"Tell me when, babe. I want to cum with you. Okay?"
"I'm almost there."
The woman began to moan. She started thrusting back against him, meeting him thrust-for-thrust. She clearly yearned for her release.
"That's it, babe. Pound her slutty cunt. Make sure that she never forgets the cock she's getting today."
"Oh fuck! Yes, yes, yes! I'm cumming!" the woman keened.
My husband slammed as deeply inside her as possible. He gripped her hips tightly and spilled his seed. I came with him, one of the best orgasms I've had in a while.
He collapsed onto the bed next to me, panting. A sheen of sweat covered his body. We smiled at each other. It's in these moments that my heart nearly bursts with love for my man.
"You kinky little bitch," he laughed.
"You're the one fucking a strange woman," I pointed out.
"Only because it's what you want. Do you want to clean my cock?"
He rolled toward me and pressed his lips to mine. It was a soft kiss, a gentle lover's kiss. I ended the kiss and pulled off the black wig, then fell back into his mouth and released every ounce of passion that I had left.
He knows he's right about me. I am a kinky little bitch, and the thought of him fucking another woman drives me wild. That's why I dress up and play a stranger sometimes. If only I could convince him to satisfy my fantasy.


When I first saw the man who would become my husband, though neither of us knew it at the time, we were at a college party. I was there with a couple of my girlfriends, and we were drinking and dancing, having a great time. At one point, when I took a break from the dance floor and went to get another red cup of whatever was in the plastic tub the hosts had in their kitchen, I saw a couple in the corner. He was leaning against the wall and she was plastered against him, grinding her hips to the beat and sucking the life out of him through his mouth. I was mesmerized by the couple and, not watching where I was going, bumped against a table. He looked up at me without breaking the suction between their lips. His blue eyes pierced my soul, and he winked. He fucking winked at me while he was sucking face with this other woman!
I made it to the kitchen and refreshed my drink. One of my girlfriends was moments behind me and we stood near the sink talking about the party. By the time we headed back to the makeshift dance floor in the living room, the guy with the blue eyes had the girl backed into the corner with her jean shorts down around her knees. She was moaning and grinding against his hand, which was firmly planted between her thighs. I paused in the doorway and leaned against the casing, sipping my jungle juice, or whatever it was they were calling the potent concoction in my cup.
I stood there watching them. They were lost in each other and didn't notice me standing maybe ten feet away. The longer I watched, the wetter my panties became. It was as if I was on the set of a porno while it was being filmed. When she shuddered, I knew she was cumming. I desperately wanted to dip my hand below my waist and rub one out with her, but people were constantly passing by me.
Eventually, she sagged against him, her release complete. He pulled his hand from between her thighs, and I saw his fingers glisten with her nectar. He placed them in his mouth and sucked them clean. Instead of holding her and helping her pull her shorts up, he turned away. She stood there, lost in the afterglow, shorts around her knees, her pussy exposed for everyone to see. He was headed for the kitchen, headed straight towards me!
As he approached, I diverted my gaze, hoping beyond hope that he hadn't realized that they had an audience. When he reached me, he put his hand on the wall next to my head. I was blocked in.
"Bet you enjoyed that, but not nearly as much as she did," he said with a huge grin.
Then he leaned in and kissed me. His tongue requested entrance and in my state of excitement, I relented. For the first time in my life, I tasted another woman's sex.
Now, don't misunderstand, I've tasted myself on a man's lips before. I've cleaned my slick grool off of a man's cock too. But ladies, there is nothing so debauched, so slutty, so abso-fucking-lutely naughty, as tasting another woman's pussy when you kiss a man.
It took my breath away. I moaned into his mouth and wrapped my arms around his neck. Her taste, mixed with the alcohol, and his tongue wandering around my mouth, had me ready to cum. My hand found its way between us and I palmed his hard cock. Fuck it felt huge! Then I felt his fingers on the crotch of my thin spandex shorts. A few quick rubs and I spasmed against him.
He smiled and walked past me into the kitchen as I stood there recovering. I was so worked up that I'd cum in record time, and I could still taste her on my lips. I found an empty seat and collapsed into it. My heart was racing, my breathing was labored. I could not believe what had transpired in the last few minutes.
"Hey, are you okay?" It was one of my friends kneeling in front of me.
"Yeah, I -- I just need a break," I said rather loudly as another song began.
"Want to go outside and get some fresh air?" she asked.
I nodded and she stood, then reached out her hand. I took it, rose, and followed her out the door.
"Great party," she said as we stopped at the porch rail.
"Yeah, crazy," I said, still in a daze.
"You okay? You seem a bit off."
"I'm fine. Just tired. I think I'm going to call it a night. I'll order an Uber. Don't worry."
She did worry. She waited with me until I was safely ensconced in the ride I had ordered.
Throughout the ride back to campus I kept replaying the night's events in my mind and rubbing my thighs together. By the time my driver dropped me at the residence hall, and I made it to my room, there was a wet patch in my shorts. I ripped my clothes off and fell onto my bed, with thoughts of the blue-eyed stranger running through my head. I wasn't gentle with myself. I stuffed two fingers into my sopping-wet hole and curled them against that special spot. I came twice in quick succession, moaning and shaking in my bed.
For weeks, I couldn't keep the blue-eyed stranger out of my thoughts. I saw him at every turn, but when I pursued him, I was always mistaken. Stymied, I'd given up on finding him. Maybe he was a townie? Maybe he went to a different college? Whatever the case was, he existed only in my fantasies.
Then fate intervened, there was another party at the house where I'd met him. I begged my friends to go with me. They didn't understand why I was so excited, but they'd had fun the last time, so it didn't take much arm-twisting for them to acquiesce.
The day of the party came, and I was on pins and needles. Entering the house, my spidey senses kicked in and my head was on a swivel. An hour passed, and though I was enjoying myself, I had not seen him. Disappointment was setting in.
"Had any good orgasms lately?" the voice rumbled as arms wrapped around me from behind. It was him! My heart skipped a beat and I swear that my pussy mewed.
"I have, thanks to you," I purred as I looked up at him over my shoulder. He was at least six inches taller than me.
"Well, I'm glad to be of service," he chuckled. "Can I please you again?"
"How about you answer a question first?"
"Shoot."
"Do you often go around giving orgasms to women you don't know?"
There was his rumbling laugh again. "Well, usually I do know them, at least in passing."
"And you keep your pants up?"
"That comes later."
"So, you didn't know me, even in passing. Why was I an exception?"
He relaxed his grip and turned me to face him, then leaned in close and whispered.
"Because you watched. I figured that you are a kinky little kitten who would be up for it."
"I've never watched before," I blushed.
"So why was I the exception?"
I shrugged. It wasn't an answer, but I didn't have an answer. At least one that made any sense.
"Open," he commanded as he raised his fingers to my chin.
I didn't question him. He slid two fingers into my mouth and I naturally closed my lips around them. They tasted like pussy. He had already been dipping them into someone here tonight. I can only imagine the look on my face because he laughed softly.
"You like the taste, don't you? Or is it just the shock of knowing that you missed the show tonight?"
He smiled at me while I continued to clean his fingers.
"See that redhead behind me?"
I rose onto my tippy-toes and looked over his shoulder.
"Her name is Rose, and you're tasting her pussy."
I closed my eyes and moaned around his fingers.
"So, what's your answer? Care to have another go? This time I'll give you a chance to drop your shorts."
"If I'm dropping my shorts," I said, after removing his fingers from my mouth, "then I want what comes later. And not here, someplace private."
He grabbed my wrist and took off through the kitchen with me in tow. We went up the back stairs and into a bedroom. He locked the door behind us.
"How's this for privacy?"
"Perfect."
"I'm Barry."
"Jeanette. So tell me, Barry, does 'later' usually happen this quick?"
"Not usually, but like I said, you seem to be a kinky little kitten, so..."
"I'm not sure how I feel about that label."
"Are you denying it?"
"It's just that this is all so new. The watching, the cumming, the sex--"
We haven't had sex yet," he pointed out. "And we don't have to. Whatever happens is up to you."
"So if I walk out, you're cool with that?"
"Cool with it? No. I'll have to abuse myself while I think about you, but I won't stop you."
"Such a gentleman. So tell me, do you eat pussy? I could really use a good tongue-lashing."
"Hmm, yeah, I eat pussy...for MY pleasure."
"Well then, I'm happy to be of service," I said with a smile as I dropped my shorts and stepped out of them.
He grasped my hips and pressed his lips to mine as he guided me backward to the bed. My calves met the side of the mattress and I fell backward, splaying my legs to either side of him. He stepped from between my legs, brought my ankles together over his shoulder, and then reached down and tugged my panties up my legs. He whipped them off over my feet and tossed them toward my shorts, then knelt and allowed my legs to splay again.
When his lips first met mine my heartbeat surged. At first, he kissed and licked me, my labia, my thighs, my mons. It was as if he was making out with my pussy. He gently suckled my clit, sending a bolt of desire up my spine. Then he did something no other lover had ever done, he lapped at my sex like a cat. He flattened his tongue, started over my entrance, and licked his way up to my clit. It was soft, so soft he was barely making contact. When he reached my clit, he broke contact and moved down, repeating the process. The sensation caused me to break out in shivers. I raised onto my elbows to watch him and found him gazing directly into my eyes. He lapped at my sex without breaking eye contact. Now I understand why guys like for girls to look at them when giving a blowjob. It makes for an intense connection. He gradually began applying more pressure with each pass over my now-dripping hole.
After a few minutes of this attention, I was near cumming, so I laid my head back and let myself become lost in the sensation.Damn, this guy is a pussy-eating GOD!I thought to myself as my body began to shake and a moan escaped my lips. I was ready to cum. He sensed my heightened state and when he next reached my clit, he placed his lips over it and SUCKED! Well, I fucking exploded into orgasm, my legs waved in the air as my hips bucked against his face. The whole time he kept my clit sucked into his mouth. I screamed and grabbed his head as I looked him in the eyes again. His eyes seemed to be smiling up at me.Oh fuck, he DOES enjoy this!He kept applying the perfect amount of suction to sustain my pleasure, and after what seemed like forever, I collapsed back onto the mattress. He relented, releasing my clit, and giving it a final lick. I lay there huffing, nearly crying.
"Was that as good for you as it was for me?" he asked as he kissed my inner thighs.
"You know it was, smart-ass!" I laughed.
"So, now that I've given you a proper tongue-lashing, how about some good dick?"
"Well, if that's all you have..." I purred.
He stood and began to undress. First, his shirt, revealing his strong arms and some definition to his abs.Not a gym rat, but he takes care of himself,I thought. He kicked off his shoes, then dropped his pants and boxers in one move. His hard cock bounced up and slapped his skin, then hung there, pointing at me.Fuck! I was right, this boy is packin'.I sat up and took him in my hands, one around his shaft, the other holding his sack.
"That looks like more than just good dick," I hushed as I admired his manhood.
"Thank you," he chuckled, "but how about I put it in you before you decide?"
I nodded vigorously. He reached into his pants pocket and pulled out a condom, ripped open the package, and placed it on his crown. I took over and rolled it down his shaft as I softly caressed him. With his cock now fully sheathed, I laid back and spread my legs for him, feeling like a wanton slut. I barely knew him, and here I was about to let him fuck me. He leaned over me and I reached for him, guiding him to my entrance. He gently pressed into me.
"Omigod, you're big," I groaned.
He paused, "I'll go slow."
"No! Put it in me! Pleeease, give me all of it!" I was like a starving woman, and his big cock was a feast.
He chuckled softly and pressed into me until my lips kissed the root of his shaft.
"Fuuuucccckkk," I groaned as he stretched me open. He bottomed out in me and I could feel his tip tickling my womb.
"Good dick?" he smiled down at me.
"So far," I quipped, "but you need to do more than just stick it in me."
"Oh, trust me, I'll do more. Much more."
His idea of more mated perfectly with my idea of more, and by the time he was done slamming into me, first missionary style, then doggy style, I knew I'd be walking funny for at least a couple of days. We both finished with me on my knees, ass in the air, and tits on the sheets, moaning and grunting together. He collapsed onto the bed next to me, both of us a sweaty, exhausted mess.
"Good dick?" he smiled as he struggled to calm his breathing.
"Mmm, great dick," I laughed.
He tugged off the condom and excused himself, walking naked out the door and down the hall to what I assumed was the bathroom. I lay there on the bed, my mind racing, wondering just what the fuck had come over me. There was something about him. Brazen? Cocksure? Definitely a pussy-pleaser. I was smitten with the brash boy.
We got together a few more times over the coming weeks at sundry parties. Once, he let me watch while he fingered another girl to orgasm. I cleaned her off his fingers and then he took me into the laundry room and we made the washing machine walk across the floor. The next time we met up he did something I wasn't expecting; he asked me out on an actual date. A few months later, he told me that he wanted us to be exclusive. And so, our whirlwind romance began. After graduation, we married.


"Damn!" Barry exclaimed, looking at his phone.
"What's wrong?"
"Oh, Jeanette just told me she can't go on the Alaska cruise we planned to start next week. She has a customer in crisis. Been working on the problem for weeks, but if she doesn't take care of it soon, it could destroy her business reputation. Of course, it's too late to get a refund. I could try reselling the reservation but I would take a beating," he grumbled.
He handed Wendy his debit card to pay for the visit. It was just his routine annual physical. She went through the payment process, and then placed his card and receipt on the counter at the front of her desk.
"I'll go."
"You want to buy me out?"
"No. I'll go. With you."
"Umm, what would your husband say? Hell, I don't think Jeanette would go for that idea."
That last part wasn't totally true, and he knew it. Jeanette was always talking about him fucking other women. The two of them role-played all the time. She even bought several wigs to heighten the illusion. She'd wear one of the wigs to a bar and let him pick her up and take her home. The sex was always incandescent when she pretended to be someone else. He knew she wanted to watch him please another woman, she made that perfectly clear on more than one occasion.
They would people-watch when they were out together. "Would you fuck her?" she'd ask. "I bet she's a wild one in bed," she'd whisper about some tattooed stranger. "Bet she's a slut," she'd comment about a scantily clad college girl. Barry would play along, feeding her fantasies so that she would ride him hard when they got home.
"My husband won't care."
"Okaaay."
"We have an arrangement. Besides, he's been to Alaska and doesn't want to go back. If I want to go I have to go on my own."
"You realize we'd be sharing a room."
"Yep. Do you have the drink package?"
"Yeah, Have It All package."
"Hell yeah! How much?"
"You're serious?"
"No, I'm excited for no reason," she scowled. "Yes, I'm serious!"
"Well, half is $1,900, plus whatever extra excursions you want. But I have to clear this with Jeanette."
"You do that. How much is the 'all the pussy you can handle' discount?"
"Excuse me?" he choked.
"Hey, if we're bunking together and sleeping in the same bed, then I'm going to be getting some. Pussy before breakfast, and pussy after dinner, with the occasional blowjob. And if not you, then I'm bringing other guys back to the room. I intend to walk funny when I leave the ship!"
"You're joking, right? Jeanette put you up to this. Besides, we can have separate beds."
She started at him with her blue eyes, stood, and leaned close.
"I've seen the bulge in your pants, and trust me, I wouldn't joke about riding that thick cock you're packing."
She leaned back.
"Why the fuck would we sleep in separate beds? Don't you want some of this?" she motioned to her body.
Honestly, he did "want some of this", he'd thought about her quite often. Barry always took her for being about ten years younger than his forty-two years. She has an attractive face, a pale complexion, a beak-like nose, long and straight; blue eyes that sparkle, and faint freckles. Her shiny black hair is straight, not a fraction of an ounce of body, parted in the center. Her body is where she stands out. She's medium height, just a touch shorter than him. Her tits are perfectly sized for her frame, not too small, not too large. Then there's her ass. Just fucking amazing. And she wears fitted scrubs every day. Damn, just damn. She's hot. In his opinion, any man that says he wouldn't put his dick in her is a liar. Yeah, he thinks about getting some of 'this'.
She sat back down.
"Do you eat pussy?"
"I--um--."
"Deal's off if you don't eat pussy. I gotta have my kitty licked once a day, minimum. What about anal? I'll need that once or twice."
"Damn, Wendy, do you and your husband go at it that hard?"
"No, that's why I need to make the most of this opportunity, get me some of that club you're swingin' while I can."
"From the way you talk, my "club" would be a twig when you're done with me."
"Clear it with Jeanette. We'll fuck our way along the Alaskan coast."
"Um, okay."
Barry walked out of the clinic shaking his head. Was she serious? She seemed to be. And truthfully, he thought he'd enjoy fucking the sexy receptionist. But what would Jeanette say? Her fantasy always involved watching him with another woman, but she wouldn't be able to watch if he was on a cruise with Wendy and Jeanette was stuck at home. Barry was not at all sure that she would go along with the idea. Hell, he wasn't at all sure this really just happened.
Jeanette texted Barry that she was going to be late getting home that night. In fact, she didn't get home until after Barry was asleep. He didn't even stir when she slid into bed next to him.
The next morning, over coffee, Barry informed Jeanette about the development.
"I--uh--found someone to take the cruise."
"Oh? So how much money are we losing on this deal?"
"Well, that depends on you."
Jeanette raised an eyebrow as she gazed at Barry over her coffee cup.
"Might lose nothing, might lose up to half."
"Half! Shit, I was hoping for a better deal. So you're still planning on going? Who is it that's interested in going with you?"
"Wendy."
"Wendy? The receptionist at Doctor Felcher's?"
"Yes."
Jeanette sat her cup down and crossed her arms. She looked at Barry, and he felt her gaze boring through him.
"Explain."
"So, she wants to go to Alaska, but her husband has already been, and he's not interested in going back."
"Okay, so where does this financial arrangement come in?"
"If she pays half, she's free to fuck anyone on the ship she wants. Bring them back to the stateroom and have a good time."
"And if she pays nothing?"
"If she pays nothing, then I'm the one she fucks. Twice a day, plus eating her pussy. Oh, and she wants anal a couple of times."
"So I stay home, deal with this crisis, and YOU go off on the cruise with that slut and stick your dick in all her holes?"
"Well, yeah."
Jeanette sat in silence, just looking at him. Barry kept diverting his eyes from her gaze. Finally, after what seemed like an eternity to him, Jeanette broke the silence.
"I want pictures and video."
"What?"
Barry was in shock and wasn't confident that he'd heard her correctly.
"You heard me. If you're finally going to cuckquean me, but I can't be there, then I want pictures and video."
"You can't be serious."
"As a heart attack. Wendy is a hottie, AND she's your type, so I know you secretly want to put your dick in her. It's worth half the price of the cruise to get you to finally fuck another woman for me."
"But babe--."
"No! Listen, Barry. I want you to take Wendy on this cruise and wear out your dick. Put it in her, however often she wants, and in whatever hole she wants. You have my blessing. But if you come home without proof of your week of debauchery, then I'll cut it off."
"Babe!" Barry flinched. The thought of losing his manhood was shocking.
"C'mon, Barry. You know I wouldn't cut it off. If I did that, I'd lose my favorite play toy."
Barry shook his head and looked at the time. "I have to be going. We'll talk more tonight." He rose and kissed Jeanette.
"There's no more talking to be had."
Later that morning, Jeanette looked up the number for Doctor Felcher's office.
"Could I speak with Wendy," Jeanette asked when a perky voice answered the phone.
"This is Wendy, how may I help you?" came the response.
"This is Jeanette, Barry's wife."
"Omigod, I'm so sorry ma'am. I shouldn't have said those things."
"Hush girl! You did good, great in fact."
"Ma'am?"
"Stop calling me ma'am! You're not in trouble. I've been trying for years to get Barry to have sex with another woman, but I expected to be there, or at least be near. So, here's the deal. Have sex with him as often as you want, but only with him. Make sure he takes photos and videos and sends a few of the photos to me each day. I also want you to text me what you two get up to every day because I don't trust him to be fully open with me when he gets back."
"Well, okay Jeanette. We have a deal."
"Good. You're going to enjoy this cruise. He's got a thick cock that stretches a woman very nicely. You enjoy yourself, Wendy."
Jeanette hung up and sat back in her office chair. Her heart pounded wildly, half from disbelief that she'd just told another woman to fuck Barry, and half from excitement that another woman was finally going to fuck him.
Early on the morning of the cruise, Barry and Wendy boarded the non-stop flight to Seattle and settled into their First Class seats. They stopped in an airport restaurant for a light lunch, then hailed a taxi for the 30-minute ride to the cruise terminal. Once the ship was open for boarding they weren't long in the queue, as the cruise lines are highly efficient. Before they knew it, they were in their stateroom.
As they stood on the Veranda and looked out across the Sound, Wendy asked if he knew that his wife wanted photos and video.
"Yes, I know. You don't mind, you know--having your private parts photographed?"
"Are you going to share them on the internet?"
"What? Oh, god no!"
"Tell you what, why don't we start with just a few photos of us? Warm up for what's to come?"
"Sounds good."
Barry took his phone from his pocket and the couple turned with their backs to the rail. Barry took a couple of selfies with Bainbridge Island in the background.
"Do you want to start being naughty?" Wendy asked.
"What do you have in mind?"
"I'll kneel here and you put your cock in my mouth, take a few photos and send them to Jeanette. Let's find out just how okay with this arrangement she really is."
"Okay," said Barry.
The thought of pulling out his cock and letting Wendy suck him right here on the Veranda was both scary and titillating. They had heard other passengers come and go from their neighboring verandas and had even seen and spoken to the people in the adjacent staterooms as they leaned over the rail. With a solid partition wall between each veranda, their neighbors couldn't see them. The only view anyone would have would be from the Sound, and Bainbridge Island, which was too far to see much of what was happening. They had seen a few water taxis and ferries traversing the sound, and they sometimes ventured close enough that he thought their passengers might see, but when he looked down at the raven-haired beauty kneeling before him, he saw her blue eyes, her pillowy lips, and then her ample cleavage. He was lost in the moment.
"Don't forget to take photos," she softly spoke.
She reached for his belt and unfastened it, then pulled his zipper down. Her hand slipped into his boxers and pulled out his cock.
"Jeanette wasn't lying when she said that you have a thick cock. I can't wait to get stretched by this gorgeous thing."
Barry snapped a few photos as Wendy stroked him. As her hand lightly slipped up and down his shaft, she hissed and sighed, blowing warm air against his leaking crown, her lips nearly brushing his flesh.
"Take a photo, then some video, Barry," she ordered, then slipped her lips around his purple head.
Barry stood at the rail, gripping it tightly, as Wendy skillfully worked his cock. She was one of the women from his lustful fantasies, and now she was looking up at him through her lashes as she took him into the back of her throat. The realization that his fantasies were coming true, and her skillful tongue and lips, soon pushed Barry over the edge. He warned her that he was cumming, and she backed off, grasped his cock, and aimed it at her face. Barry spilled his load, coating her face from hairline to chin as he groaned in pleasure and captured the entire scene on his phone. He continued to record as she sucked him clean and then used her fingers to clean her face and eat his seed. Finally, he sat in one of the chairs. Still, in a bit of disbelief, he just sat there gazing across the Sound with his cock going soft in his lap.
"How was that?" Wendy asked as she sat in the other chair.
"Amazing," was all he could manage to say. He was completely spent.
"Give me your phone."
Barry handed over his phone and Wendy went to work, capturing a few choice frames from the video as individual images, and cropping a couple of short video clips. She put them and the photos into a message to Jeanette, connected to the ship's network, and sent them on their way.
They decided to shower to wash away the funk from travel, and the traces of their sexual encounter. Once under the spray, they took turns lathering and rinsing. It was the first woman, other than his wife, that Barry had showered with since his wedding day. The sensation of running his soapy hands over her curves soon had his cock stirring. Everything about Wendy was just a touch plusher than Jeanette; her breasts were slightly larger with larger nipples and areola, her ass was a bit more generous, and her waist was just a touch slimmer. All in all, Barry was quite happy with the experience, and when Wendy grasped his cock with her soapy hands he became much happier. By the time they were done, his cock was standing proudly erect, ready for action. He was a bit disappointed when she told him that his next release would have to wait until after dinner.
After drying themselves, Barry dressed and sat on the sofa scrolling through the ship's video channel and learning about their route, and ship activities. He checked his phone but Jeanette had not replied.Is she angry? Have I ruined my marriage?he wondered. Just as he laid his phone down, it chimed. It was Jeanette's tone. He opened the message and noted an attached video.
"I've never been so turned on by porn before. Knowing the cock belonged to my husband made me instantly wet. More please," she wrote.
Barry opened the video and was shocked, it was Jeanette with her legs spread, plunging her favorite dildo in and out of her very wet cunt. The brief show ended with her moaning and shaking in orgasm. Barry found the sight of his wife pleasuring herself to be very erotic, so much so that his cock sprang to life again. When Wendy finally joined him, he showed her the message and the video.
"Your wife has an amazing body, and a tasty-looking pussy. We're not going to disappoint her, are we?"
"Fuck, no! I'm hard again from watching her cum. After dinner, I'm putting my cock in you and taking more videos. I want to see how she reacts when we send her a creampie!"
They dressed for dinner; Barry in black slacks and a grey polo, Wendy in a blue jewel-tone bodycon dress and black heels. As they walked down the passageway toward the elevator, Barry placed his hand on the small of her back. Once alone in the elevator, he roamed his hand up between her shoulder blades and down over her hip. He could neither see nor feel any trace of undergarments beneath the clingy fabric.
"You're not--."
"Nope, and if you keep touching me like that my nipples will get hard and everyone will know."
Barry looked at her breasts. "Too late," he chuckled.
Wendy practically marched into the dining room, paused briefly to give their stateroom number to the hostess, then followed the waiter with an air of superiority. Heads turned, wives elbowed their husbands, and both men and women admired the stunning raven-haired beauty. Barry followed behind, alternately gazing at her ass and taking in the wave of disturbance she caused.
They were seated at a large table with seven others; two American women, two couples from Amsterdam, and an Australian man who claimed his wife was sick. Throughout the meal, Barry noticed the men, and one of the American women, stealing glances at Wendy's cleavage. All the attention on her breasts must have excited her, because, by the time dessert was served, she had her hand on Barry's thigh, reaching toward his cock. After dessert, they stayed at the table for a bit while Barry's erection deflated.
As soon as they re-entered their stateroom, Wendy pulled her dress over her head and tossed it on the sofa. With nothing on but her heels, she threw herself into Barry's mouth, pouring out her passion.
"You need to fuck me. Now!" she moaned into his mouth. "All those people looking at my tits, especially that Australian guy! I need your cock now!"
"I thoughtIwas your fuck buddy on this cruise!"
"You are. Can't a girl look at the menu? Now get naked!"
She helped Barry undress and pushed him down on the bed.
"Lean against the headboard, and spread your legs wide. Where's your phone?"
"Pants."
She retrieved his phone, handed it to him, and backed up between his legs with her heel-clad feet draped over his thighs.
"Kind of a reverse cowgirl, great view for you and your wife," she smiled.
She paused while Barry started recording, then reached between her legs and grasped his shaft. She wiped his crown between her sodden folds, then slowly pressed onto him. Barry moaned at the sight of his cock disappearing into her. She took all of him, his full length, and sat on him for a moment. She loved the full feeling of his shaft prying her open and tapping her back wall, something she couldn't get from her husband. She began sliding his full length, rocking back and forth on her knees.
"How does it feel to be a cuckquean officially, Jeanette" she asked loudly enough that the mic on the phone would pick it up. "You were right about your husband's cock, it's definitely a pussy pleaser. One of the best I've had, and I've had a lot of cocks."
For a few minutes, Wendy slid her wet sex up and down Barry's shaft. She enjoyed the feeling of being filled by him and enjoyed the knowledge that she'd added another man to the stable of cocks she'd enjoyed over the years. She thought about the way her husband was going to absolutely destroy her pussy when she got home, reclaiming what was his. She wondered if he might even fuck her once for every time she fucked Barry. Jeanette had told her to text her what she and Barry did each day, and she was going to do the same for her husband. When she had used Barry's phone to send images to Jeanette, she'd also sent them to herself. Along with the daily text to her husband, she was going to attach a photo for his masturbating pleasure.
Thinking about her husband masturbating to photos of her getting stuffed by Barry's cock got Dawn even more excited, and soon she reached between her legs and began touching herself. First, she parted her fingers and felt where she and Barry were joined. Damn, she was wet! A small stream of her excitement dribbled down her fingers and into her palm. She needed the exquisite release that she knew her orgasm would bring, so she trailed her fingertips along her lips until they reached her aching clit. One touch was all it took to push her over the edge. Her hips jerked and her tunnel spasmed as she circled her clit and rode Barry to her orgasm. Behind her, she heard him moan.
"Cum for me, Barry," she moaned. "Fill my pussy with your hot seed, c'mon, do it."
"Oh, fuck, Wendy. You're so damn wet, and you look so good sliding up and down my shaft."
"Cum for me, cum for your wife. Let her see you cock throbbing its load into my wet hole. Do it, Barry. Cum in me!"
Barry groaned, and Wendy slid up his shaft so that not much more than his head was between her lips. With the hand that had been rubbing her clit, she reached back further and grasped his balls. That did it. That pushed him over the edge.
"Fuu...uuck," he moaned as he released just inside Wendy's swollen lips.
As he continued to record, she slipped his head from between her lips and rubbed it on her clit as she forced his cum out. It flowed over and around his head and down his shaft. What a perfect view for Jeanette, and what a perfect ending to their first night together. After cleaning up and sending a message to Jeanette, they fell asleep to the gentle vibration of the ship.
The next morning, Barry awoke to find his cock in something warm and wet. When he felt a tongue swirl around his crown, he knew Wendy had him in her mouth.
"Good morning," Barry softly moaned.
Wendy pulled off his cock with an audible "pop".
"Good morning, yes it is. I thought you were never going to wake up. How does a guy sleep when he's getting a blowjob?"
"I guess I was in a deep sleep, thanks to your amazing pussy and the vibration of the ship."
"Thank you, I do have an amazing pussy, or so I'm told. Do you want to cum in it again?"
"What you're doing is fine."
"Alright then, blowjob it is!"
Wendy swallowed his cock again, driving her lips to his root. He felt the entrance to her throat grip his crown as she swallowed.
"Damn, Wendy."
She sucked his cock like a madwoman, driving his head into her throat and then backing off to swirl her tongue around his crown. It only took a couple of minutes of this for him to lose control, spilling himself over her tongue. She stroked his cock as he watched his seed spurt into her mouth. Her blue eyes sparked and wrinkles formed at the edges; she was pleased with her performance for him. Once his orgasm ended, she swallowed his seed and then cleaned his head.
"Damn, I don't know what's better, your pussy or your mouth."
"Maybe it's my ass, you haven't tried it yet. That's on the menu for tonight. Do you realize that you didn't record that blowjob?"
"You wake me up with my cock in your mouth and I'm supposed to tell you to wait while I find my phone? Besides, I'm almost out of memory. I need to find the shopping area and get a video camera or an external memory for my phone."
"Sounds like a shipboard excursion is in order."
Since this was a day at sea, they spent the day becoming familiar with the ship, discovering food options, and fortunately, buying a video camera and several memory cards. With their exploration complete, they changed into swimwear and headed to the pool. Dawn looked stunning in her bikini, and Barry noticed that once when she went to the bar to get another round of drinks, she chatted with the Australian.
"Checking out the menu again, I see," he chuckled when she returned to their loungers.
"Can't hurt. Maybe I'll run into him again," she winked.
"You dirty girl, you got his number didn't you."
"That's information you don't need to know."
"I noticed his wife is not with him, still under the weather?"
"Maybe, but who cares? I'm not even sure he has a wife."
They sipped their cocktails, spent some time in the pool, and then returned to their stateroom to clean up for dinner. Of course, the Australian was at their table again. This time, Wendy sat next to him. She kept the flirting to the minimum, but Barry could see the man's hand on her thigh.
"Maybe we should invite the Aussie for a threesome," Barry proposed as they walked back to their stateroom.
"Am I too much for you?"
"Yes, but we knew that before this cruise. I'm just thinking that you told Jeanette that you'd only fuck me on this cruise, but maybe the last night we could get a little crazy. It would be like a bonus for you. Besides, I've never shared a woman with another man."
"It's amazing, at least for the woman, and I've never heard complaints from the men."
"So you've done it? A threesome?"
"Threesome, foursome, more-some. One time I lost count."
"Well then, let's do it. Next time we see him let's approach him about it."
"Mmm, you know how to make a girl feel desired," Wendy cooed as she wrapped her arms around Barry's neck and fell into his mouth.
"And speaking of desired, I'm ready for that butt-fucking you mentioned," Barry growled.
Wendy stepped to her purse, which was lying on the sofa, and retrieved a small tube of lubricant.
"You carry sex lube in your purse?" Barry asked, a look of shock on his face.
"A girl never knows when she'll meet a guy that she justHASto have up her ass!" she laughed in reply.
Barry dropped his pants and stepped out of them.
"Don't forget your camera, Jeanette has to see this."
With the camera in his hand, Wendy lubricated his cock, then raised her dress and lubed her ass. She slipped one finger inside to stretch herself, and after a few moments, she inserted another. Barry recorded it all. Once she felt ready, she looked over her shoulder and grinned.
"Take my last hole, stud."
Barry placed his head against her wrinkled exit and she pressed back against him. As she relaxed and welcomed him in, Barry let out a deep moan.
"You see this, Jeanette? I'm fucking her ass. When I get home I'm going to fuck yours," he said for the camera as he watched his glistening shaft disappear into Wendy's ass.
"Fuck yes, that's it!" she squealed. "Take my ass, stretch me open with that big cock!"
With the camera in one hand, and the other firmly grasping a hip, Barry fucked Wendy's ass, and Wendy fucked him back. She rocked her pelvis to meet each thrust, and before long his balls were slapping against her lips. He began long, slow strokes, and she began rubbing her clit. In minutes they were both cumming. Wendy shuddered in delight as Barry throbbed his seed into her colon; at least what little there was, his body wasn't creating it as fast as she drained it from him.
They showered together, an activity that Barry had come to enjoy immensely. The feel of her flesh under his soapy hands, her moans as he kissed and caressed her, the sensation of her washing his cock and balls, it all formed a heady cocktail that left him strangely both excited and relaxed. In his mind, he resolved to shower more often with his wife. After putting together another message to Jeanette, they fell asleep, entwined together.
The next day was a port day, so they grabbed a quick breakfast on the Lido deck and spent the day ashore exploring, dining, and shopping. Returning to the ship, they cleaned up and dressed for dinner, hoping to see the Aussie. He was nowhere to be seen. After dinner, they attended a show and then spent a few hours at one of the music venues, dancing and drinking. Wendy felt her need growing as Barry pressed his body against her during a slow dance.
"I need you," she whispered in his ear.
"The feeling is mutual," he whispered back.
"Care to bend me over the railing on our veranda?"
"I thought you'd never ask," Barry growled as he nibbled her ear, sending a spark down her spine.
She took his hand and led him to the elevator, and once inside, she pressed her body against him. Their lips met once again and she slipped a hand between their bodies to rub his growing manhood. The ride was all too short, but quickly they were in their stateroom. Wendy turned her back to him and raised her hair, beckoning him to unzip her. Once he did, her dress fell to the floor, exposing once again that she was naked beneath the garment. She slipped out of her shoes and began undressing him. She gave him soft kisses as she slowly unbuttoned his shirt and pushed it off his shoulders. Kneeling before him, she unfastened his pants and lowered them and his boxers. He slipped out of his shoes and then stepped out of his pants. His erection waved in front of Wendy like a meal before a starving woman, and she devoured him.
"I thought you wanted to be bent over the railing," he gasped as the tip of his cock met the back of her throat.
Her only response was a moan as her lips slid up and down his shaft.
"What the slut wants, the slut gets," he sighed.
"You think I'm a slut?" she responded. Looking up at him through her lashes.
"You're the one who said that you lost track of how many men you had at one time."
"True. I suppose that does make me a slut, but you don't seem to mind."
"I don't mind at all, I'm just happy that you're all mine for a few days. Now, how about railing you at the railing?"
She laughed with a snort, then stood and went onto the veranda. Barry grabbed the camera on the way out the door, moved the table to the corner, and sat the camera on it. By the time he had it set up, Wendy was leaning over the rail with a hand between her legs and two fingers buried in herself. The sight of her at the rail, waiting to be taken, caused Barry's cock to throb as he approached her. Positioning himself behind her, he wiped his head between her lips and pressed between them. They both let out a soft moan as he plunged into her with one thrust.
"Fuck, I love the way you fill me up," Wendy moaned.
"The feeling is mutual," he chuckled and began slowly thrusting.
"It's so beautiful out here with the moon reflecting off the water. Let's take our time tonight."
Just then, they heard the door at the neighboring stateroom open, and a moment later, an older woman appeared at the rail. Only Wendy could see her, and she guessed her to be about sixty. Her brown hair was streaked with grey, and the lines on her face showed someone who'd lived a good life.
"Good evening, dear," the woman said. "Lovely isn't it."
"It is," Wendy responded, smiling at the woman who seemed to be oblivious to Wendy's nudity.
"My husband, Charles, and I love to sit on the Veranda late at night. It's so beautiful, and the hiss of the water as the ship slices through it is so calming. Don't you think?"
"I agree, it is quite calming. A person could almost fall asleep to the sound."
"Oh, yes. We've done that before," the older woman giggled. "Are you okay, dear? You seem to be jostling about."
"Oh, that's just my lover sliding in and out of me," Wendy quipped.
The old woman's eyes grew large, and curiosity got the best of her. She moved closer and peeked around the panel that separated them.
"Oh, goodness!" she gasped. Then a smile came over her face. "He's handsome."
"He is."
"Does he have a big cock, dear?"
"Oh, yes. He stretches me very nicely. Show her your cock, Barry."
Barry pulled out and wagged his glistening cock at the woman, putting a huge smile on her face.
"I've never seen one that size in real life! I'll bet that does give you a good stretch."
Wendy stroked Barry's cock to keep it hard as the woman watched. She sensed a longing in the woman's gaze, so she asked the woman if she'd care to feel it. The woman seemed hesitant at first, looked toward her stateroom, then looked at Barry and nodded. He stepped to the rail close to the barrier, and she reached down to feel him. Her long fingers encircled his shaft, and she sighed as she gently stroked him.
"It's so thick and warm," she whispered, as she tugged gently on his crown.
"Would you like to suck it?" Barry asked.
She looked back into her stateroom. "My husband is at the gym, he probably won't be back for an hour."
"Come to our door, I'll let you in," Wendy told her.
The woman disappeared and soon there was a knock on their door. Wendy let her in and led her to their veranda. She wasted no time falling to her knees and taking Barry between her lips. The vision of this stranger, still fully dressed, sucking his cock, gave Barry a thrill like he'd never experienced before. It was one thing to have sex with Wendy, a woman he knew and fantasized about, but here was a complete stranger, sucking his cock. He came to realize that this was perhaps what Jeanette wanted, the thrill of watching him with a stranger. He looked at Wendy and then at the camera. She got the gist of his look and brought the camera close, recording the woman pleasuring Barry. Soon he felt his balls begin to boil. He'd been nearly ready to release into Wendy when the woman interrupted them, and now with her working his cock, he was almost ready to spill himself into her mouth. But he had a better idea.
"Would you like to feel it in you, stretching you open?" he asked.
"Damnit, yes!" the woman responded.
She rose and stood at the rail before dropping her slacks and panties. Barry reached between her legs, caressing her wetness, and when he slipped two fingers in the woman moaned deeply and bent forward even further. By now, Wendy had retrieved a condom from the stash she always carried in her purse. She opened the package and rolled the condom over Barry's turgid manhood. He placed his crown at the woman's entrance and she pressed back against him, taking a couple of inches.
"Yes," she whispered. "Slowly, aahh, you're stretching so good," she hissed.
She began working Barry deeper, sliding up and down his shaft. Soon he was buried inside her as far as he could go, so he held there to allow her to fully experience being filled.
"Fuck, that feels so good," she moaned as she began making circular motions with her hips. "I've never been this full before. Fuck me, please."
Barry took a firm grip on her hips and began thrusting into the woman while Wendy continued to film. His slow strokes soon came quicker, and before long the sound of slapping flesh could be heard above this hiss of the water.
"I'm going to cum," the woman moaned, and Barry drove into her harder and quicker.
Her body spasmed and he could feel her sex gripping him tightly. He continued until she collapsed over the rail, spent and satisfied. He hadn't cum, he wanted to save his seed for Wendy, but this impromptu dalliance with a stranger had his balls aching for release. He pulled out of the woman as she regained her composure, and ordered Wendy to bend over the rail. He slipped off the condom and plunged back into Wendy as the woman stood there watching. In no time, the two of them moaned their release, and Barry throbbed inside Wendy's tunnel. The woman stood there behind them, taking it all in with one hand inside her slacks. When Barry and Wendy separated, he turned to the woman and took her hand from her slacks. He placed her fingers in his mouth and sucked them clean.
"Thank you for the use of your cock," she said. "I'll never forget this cruise."
"You're welcome, and I'll never forget it either," Barry responded.
"I'll show myself out," she said.
After the woman left their stateroom, Barry and Wendy looked at each other with huge grins on their faces.
"That was so fucking hot. We've got to find that Aussie," Wendy laughed.
Barry nodded in agreement, and they went inside and collapsed onto the bed. They sent a few stills to Jeanette, but none of the new woman. That would be his secret until he returned home.
The last days of the cruise were all port days, and their routine was the same. Sex before breakfast, spend the day in port, and sex before bed. Barry was convinced that his dick was going to fall off, but it never did. Finally, at dinner the last night, the Aussie made an appearance at their table. He and Wendy shared a brief, whispered conversation while Barry engaged their other table mates in conversation about their experiences. After dinner, Barry and Wendy returned to their stateroom, and five minutes later there was a knock on their door. Barry opened it and let the Aussie in. Wendy was already undressed and sitting on the bed. Wendy watched the Aussie move around the bed to the sitting area and remove his clothes. His body was fit, not an overworked gym rat, but toned and muscular, and his cock was already standing proud and leaking. He looked like a man who would be great in bed. He stepped to the side of the bed and motioned Wendy to come closer.
She knelt in front of him and he tipped her chin up before leaning down and pressing his lips to hers. They kissed, long and deep, their tongues tangling and wrestling like two lovers who had been apart for far too long.
"Ah, Sheila. So we're going to have a naughty and make a blue?"
Wendy nodded and looked over her shoulder at Barry, who was holding the camera. This video would be for Wendy's husband as well as Jeanette.
"And no franger?"
She shook her head. They'd discussed this, no condom. She wanted to feel their two cocks with nothing blocking the flesh-to-flesh contact. She and Barry had also discussed what would happen. She would fuck the Aussie first while Barry filmed, then he would set the camera on the table and join them, ending the night with two cocks in her.
Wendy shuffled backward on the bed and patted the mattress.
"Join me," she breathed.
The Aussie climbed onto the bed and laid on his back, his erection standing in the air. Wendy gripped his shaft and leaned over to lick the slippery offering from his tip. The Aussie groaned and ran his fingers through her hair before gripping it at the nape of her neck. Wendy looked a him and smiled, she loved for a man to take charge in bed. Opening her mouth wide she took him in, sliding her lips down him. His back arched and he hissed with pleasure. She bobbed her mouth on him, taking him a little deeper each time, encouraged by the gentle pressure of his hand and the thrust of his hips. He was too large to take fully, so she gripped his sack and allowed him to take control. He fucked her mouth, driving his cock to the back of her throat, thrusting several times, then pulling her off and allowing her to breathe. Strands of spittle connected her lips to him, and she gasped for air before he pressed her mouth downward again. Hrrkk, hrrkk, hrrkk, gasp, gasp, while Barry filmed it all. He'd never seen a woman's mouth used like that, and the sight and sound excited him.
Finally, the Aussie pulled Wendy off his cock. She was panting, her eyes were closed, and her nipples were rock hard. As Barry moved behind her he noticed her labia glistened with excitement.
"That was quite the gobby," the Aussie said, "but now I'm ready for a root."
Still gripping Wendy's hair, he pulled her on top of him. She threw a leg over and straddled his pelvis.
"Slide down the old fella and give him a ride."
With her straddling him, he reached up to play with her nipples while she slid herself against his hard cock. Barry saw a shiver race down her spine as the Aussie's shaft glided between her folds. Once his cock was glistening wet, she grasped it and placed the head at her entrance. Barry captured the moment her lips parted and slowly slipped the length of the Aussie's cock. He grunted as she took him in, inch by inch, and she sighed as he stretched her out. Once she had him fully seated, she leaned back and grabbed his thighs to support herself.
With the Aussie's cock filling her so deliciously, she raised her hips until only the tip of his cock was inside her, and then slid back down to his base in one slow, smooth movement. Up and down she rode him. Every downward movement caused the swollen bundle of nerves just inside her entrance to rub against the Aussie's cock. Each pass built the pressure inside her, as she moved up and down his cock more rapidly. Her body quaked as the pleasure built and she softly moaned.
"Cum for me, my slurry," the Aussie whispered as he reached up and pinched her nipples.
Bolts of pleasure shot from her nipples and exploded between her legs. She spasmed on his cock and threw herself forward, pressing her breasts to his as her tunnel quivered around his invading shaft. She was so focused on the pleasure, that she didn't notice Barry moving behind her until his lubricated fingers grazed her crinkled exit. She buried her face against the Aussie's neck, inhaling the scent of his sweat mixed with his cologne. She rocked slowly on the Aussie's cock while she waited for the feel of Barry's tip invading her ass. Though Wendy enjoyed having a man take her ass--as her husband did regularly--she was still nervous as she anticipated the initial feeling when he pushed in. She knew this time would be different. This time there would be two cocks invading her, splitting her open, separated only by a thin layer of tissues. She felt the bed shift as Barry got into position, and she moaned when she felt the tip of his cock press against her asshole. Tingles and goosebumps exploded over her body as Barry sunk into her in one smooth stroke. The initial discomfort quickly turned to pleasure as the Aussie's cock throbbed, causing her to tighten her grip on both men and dragging guttural moans from each. Ripples of pleasure flooded her body and fogged her brain.
"I'm such a fucking slut," she groaned.
"A rippin' sweet slurry, if I've ever met one," the Aussie chuckled.
Both men started to move and Wendy's mind nearly exploded with pleasure from the feeling of her two holes being filled and stretched simultaneously. Barry guided her hips while the Aussie's hands roamed over her back and up over her scalp. She felt as if she was being used in the most scrumptious way possible. She timed her movements between them, allowing both cocks to sink deeper, and huffing little moans of pleasure as she edged closer to her second orgasm.
The men worked together to find their rhythm, and soon they were rocking her body back and forth, building the pace as they searched for their release.
"Omigod, this feels so good," Wendy moaned.
"I think we might just have a root all night, right Barry?" quipped the Aussie.
"Yes, please," Wendy moaned into his chest as a flash of excitement jolted her body. She was close, nearly ready to cum.
The Aussie looked her in the eyes and sensed her approaching orgasm.
"Better slack off, Mate. She's ready to blow, and we can't have that yet."
Wendy groaned in frustration when the men slowed their pace.
"Have I told you how pleasant it's been to meet you, Barry?" the Aussie chuckled as he looked over Wendy's shoulder.
"I agree, quite pleasant. But I feel our evening might be drawing to a close, Mate."
"Been quite enjoyable sharing your sexy root rat, but my stiffy needs to spew. What say we finish her off now?"
"Sounds right to me," answered Barry.
Barry placed his hand between Wendy's shoulder and pressed her against the Aussie, who pulled her mouth to his. Both of them began roughly thrusting into her with a sense of urgency. She moaned into the Aussie's mouth, and when she looked into his eyes she saw he was losing control.
"Oooh, god!" she screamed out in pleasure as an intense orgasm washed over her, her pussy gripping the Aussie's cock and her ass tightening around Barry's as she was caught inescapably between their thrusts and waves of bliss. The Aussie thrust once more deep into her pussy and released a torrent of hot cum. She convulsed around him as she felt his seed spilling into her, and relished in knowing that she would have a pussy full of his cum when this was over.
But Barry wasn't done yet. He continued to pound her ass, his own release imminent. Wendy moaned as the sensation of his cock ramming into her made her tingle with pleasure. She wouldn't have complained if they used her longer, but she knew that when Barry finished it would be over. Chasing her own release, she slipped a hand down to her swollen sex and circled her clit.
It didn't take long before Barry grunted and spilled his seed deep in her colon, his cock swelled as he released his load. She clung to the Aussie as her body quaked with pleasure, and the three of them collapsed, still trembling as they struggled to catch their breath. Sometime in the night, the Aussie slipped out of the room.


The next day was exhausting. They packed and placed their luggage outside their room, then went to breakfast. Next was disembarking, transfer to the airport, and the long flight home. They arrived early the next morning. Barry gathered their luggage and hailed a cab for them to share. On the ride, they finally talked.
"That was amazing," Barry said, not worrying about the cab driver overhearing them.
"I'm sore, front and back. After you possessed me all week, the two of you destroyed me last night.
"You've been sending photos to your husband, how has he reacted?"
"As I expected, sending photos of him jacking off, telling me what a slut I am. He can't wait for me to get home so we can recreate the past week."
"I guess you're going to be sore for a while," Barry chuckled.
"Yeah. How's Jeanette taking it?"
"About like your husband. She wants me to recreate the week with her, and she's already booked a Caribbean cruise for us. She wants to find a female passenger for me to fuck while she watches."
They rode in silence most of the way to Wendy's. When the cab pulled up to her home, her husband came to help with her bags. He politely introduced himself to Barry and then went inside.
Standing on the sidewalk, they spoke briefly.
"I hope things go well with Jeanette. I know I'll be fine, he's probably already naked and waiting."
"Jeanette has been begging for this for years. If I'm in trouble then there will be hell to pay."
Wendy smiled and chewed on her lip.
"What?" Barry asked.
"Would you consider doing this again? I mean us, you and me, having sex."
"Without hesitation, but we might have an audience."
"Wouldn't be my first time," Wendy giggled.
She took his hands and pulled him in for a soft kiss, then turned and walked through the door.
Barry grew more nervous by the minute as the cab traveled inexorably towards his home. His anxiety disappeared when he entered. On the door was a note.
Bed NOW! Your cuckquean demands immediate reclaiming of what is hers (until the next time)!