Take aways and shopping.
I was bored. You know what cheers me up when I'm bored? Playing with Dan. I called him, and he said he'd come and get me.
I put on my boy shorts, sneakers and a summer dress. I know he doesn't like me in a bra, and I wanted something easy to take off.
I locked my door, then went and jumped into his van.
"What did you have in mind?" he asked.
"Anything,"
"OK, well first take off the dress," he said.
Off it came.
"Those too," he said, meaning my panties.
I took them off, and covered most of my tits with my arms. At the stop sign on the way out of the parking lot, he threw my clothes into the back of the van.
We drove to another town, so hopefully nobody would recognize us.
He pulled in to a burger restaurant drive through, and told me to relax and act normal. At the first window, he ordered a Coke. The guy stared at me sitting there naked. I smiled at him.
When we pulled up to the second window there were four people there. They handed Dan his Coke, and we left.
He asked me if I wanted a drink.
"I'll just drink some of yours," I said.
"No you won't," he said and we drove over towards another drive through place.
He asked me what I wanted, and I said a Diet Coke.
"OK," he said, "how about this time you suck my dick for a while?"
I reached over, undid his shorts and pulled his cock out. I laid down and put it in my mouth, just running my tongue over the head.
When we were told to pull up to the window, he told me to start bobbing my head so it'd be obvious. I did, and when we pulled away, I let go of his cock and put it away. We parked in the middle of the parking lot, and drank our sodas.
He asked me how I was doing.
"OK," I said, "this is scary, but fun."
I finished my soda, and the cup was still full of ice. He took a cube, and rubbed it over my nipples, leaving wet lines down my front. It was like an electric shock, and my nipples were almost painfully hard.
He got another ice cube, and did that again.
The third cube was pushed by my pussy, and he rubbed it around in my pubic hair as it melted.
The fourth cube touched my clit, and it was an even bigger shock. I came, just sitting there.
"Do you want to do some shopping?" he asked when I'd calmed down.
"Sure," I said.
"OK, get out," he said.
I got out, and stood behind the door of the van so people were less likely to notice me. Luckily we were in the middle of the parking lot, and everybody wants to be by the door.
He opened the sliding door, and got out. He closed the door, then closed my door, then locked up and finally gave me my dress back, and I quickly put it on.
We walked in to the mall, and the sudden cold made my nipples go stiff and poke against my dress.
Dan thought we should look at some high heels, so we headed to a women's shoe shop.
The young assistant came and asked what we were looking for. Dan said we were looking for some white high heels, the higher the better. He asked my size, and Dan said he didn't know. Nobody asked me, as I know I'm a 6. He told us to sit down, and went away.
He came back with a foot measure thing, and I stood up.
He told me to take my shoes off, so I bent at the waist and untied them and pushed them off. The guy probably saw a lot of cleavage, and Dan saw a lot of my bum.
I sat down to take my socks off, and the guy was looking up my dress.
He put hose socks use on me, then measured my feet. Who knew, I'm a 6.
He left and got some shoes. They were about a 3" heel and said anything higher would need platforms, and they didn't sell those. He put them on me, sitting on the floor in front of me.
I walked up and down in them, then sat down to take them off. The sales guy rushed over to take them off for me.
He lifted my left foot up, and I felt the hem of my dress slide up.
The guy just stared up my dress. I think he could see my pussy, and I blushed.
He took the shoe off, then did the same with my right foot, and the hem slid a bit further up.
I was pretty sure he could see my pussy now, and I was starting to get turned on by teasing him like this.
He took the shoe off, and asked if I liked it. I told him I wanted to look at some platforms, and bent forward to take the hose socks off, and he said "allow me."
He lifted my left foot in the air again and took the sock off, looking up my dress. Same thing with the other foot. By now the hem was almost at my pussy. He'd definitely seen it by now. He went through the whole lifting my foot charade again to put my socks and sneakers on, and Dan helped me stand up. I smoothed my dress back down.
The guy was grinning when we left, and said he hoped to see me again.
After this, we went to a skate shop, where Dan found a T-shirt he wanted me to try on.
I was looking for the changing room, and he said here would be fine. There wasn't anybody near us, so I pulled my dress off and gave it to Dan, taking the T-shirt from him.
I pulled it on over and wriggled it over my tits and down over her hips.
It was too short to be a dress, so you could tell I wasn't wearing shorts or a skirt under it.
"What do you think?" he asked.
"I don't know,"
"Why don't you go and look in the mirror?" he said, pointing at the mirror at the end of the main aisle.
I took a deep breath and walked over there, and tried to look in the mirror as if I were wearing jeans.
"I don't like the design," I told him.
"OK, take it off."
This was going to be harder, as people could see me now, and they were looking at me. I took a deep breath and pulled the T-shirt over my head. I stared at Dan, and pretended he was the only one there. I gave him the T-shirt, and he put it back on a hangar and on the rail, then gave me my dress. I went to pull it on, but he grabbed the top so I couldn't get my head into it. After a few seconds, he let go and I got it back on, blushing furiously.
"Is there anything you'd prefer?" he asked.
"I don't think so, can we go?"
We left, passing people who just turned and stared as we left.
"Anything else?" he asked.
"No, let's go home and have some fun."
We walked out to the van, and I took off my dress and gave it to him before getting in. On the way back, we stopped at another drive through to get a Coke. Dan had me lean the seat back and open my legs, and was fingering me furiously when he collected his drink. We were on the freeway when I came that time, and I sucked his fingers clean.
In the parking lot, I collected my dress and panties, putting the dress on before getting out.
He said he had some stuff to do at home, and to join him there.