"Did it work?"
I had just had five eager young men fucking all of my holes multiple times. I was sore and content, feeling their cum drip from my ass and pussy and tasting it in my throat. I looked at Smitty, who had been watching, to see if he was willing to let that be the spell that allowed my friends through the magic barrier.
He adjusted the tent pole in his pants, a look of amazement lingering on his face. "Um...yeah...you all feel a slight pull towards the cave."
I got up, stiffly, using a couple of my friends as supports. "Come on," I called back at them as I staggered towards the door.
They struggled to their feet and started to try to sort out their clothing.
"Come on!" I urged them. "Unless you want me to go in alone?"
That was enough to get them moving and they caught up with me, their clothing left trailing behind.
We got to the entrance of the "cave" and opened the door. Just inside was a blackout curtain on three sides. We all pushed in, crowded into the tight area. Smitty entered last and shut the door behind us. "You have now entered the cave. As you can tell, it's dark. You must find your way through to the other side."
We all started searching for holes in the blackout curtain that we could go through. In the darkness, our hands found each other as well, and I grabbed as much of them as they grabbed of me. But after a little bit of searching, I found a small hole near the ground to the right.
"Over here guys." I called out and got down on my hands and knees. We crawled through single file, under and over a few obstacles. Finally, the fabric opened up and I stood up. It took me a few moments to get used to the light again. By that time, the guys were all standing around me, also blinking at the brightness.
"So you finally got here." I heard a gravelly voice call from the side of the room. On an old throne, I saw a nude, rotting male corpse with a hideous face. He was stroking his phallus and leering at me. "I don't know how the rest of you got in. I'll have to deal with you later. First, I need this water nymph's power."
He stood up and moved over towards me. I trusted the fact that this was Jason in costume, but the makeup was amazing. Even as he came closer, I was sure pieces of him would be dropping off.
"Yes," he continued, "perfect. Soon I will have your power and you will be on my trophy wall too."
He pointed to the wall behind us and we all turned to look. Chained to the wall were five nude females with different colored hair and jewels. My confusion gave away to awe and then relief as I recognized them. Katrus, Rozan and Jessalyn were in the middle with Samantha on one side and Meaghan on the other. It dawned on me that they must have been getting into these costumes over the past twenty-four hours. I remembered how long it had taken me to start.
The guys rushed over to try to free the girls from the walls. "Oh, don't worry about them. They've been drained of magic. They won't be able to get off of the wall. And soon, I'll have drained this one as well."
The necromancer picked me up and carried me to an altar that was set up. He strapped my arms and legs down as I struggled.
A thought occurred to me. "Give them their magic back!" I shouted towards the mages.
They looked at me confused, then Jaimor realized what I meant. He quickly got between Rozan's legs and began licking her. Each of the others matched up with one of the nymphs and soon all five were being pleasured with a tongue.
The necromancer growled. "Stop that!" He took a step towards them, before coming back to my spread body. "Never mind. I will have the power from this one before you can release them."
Fuck. That was the challenge. Could the mages get the girls to orgasm before me? Who had the advantage, I wondered. I was a little numb from being fucked so much, but the girls were starting from nothing. I felt myself being penetrated while gnarled, decaying hands groped my breasts. "Please hurry. You need to make them cum."
From my position, I could see them working on each of their targets. Tongues and fingers eagerly penetrating each nymph. I watched the girls faces to see if any of them were showing signs of arousal. Rozan was already flushed. Jaimor obviously had discovered some of her special zones. Jessalyn wasn't far behind with Khitano thrusting his fingers into her. Taleran and Cidane seemed a little more tentative with Samantha and Katrus, and Rushwillow was doing everything he could on Meaghan but she didn't seem affected.
My mind was brought back to my own predicament as the thrusts became harder and deeper. I wasn't in danger of cumming yet, but I was definitely enjoying the motions. The loud moans from Rozan distracted both me and my assailant as she came hard on Jaimor's face. He helped her down from the wall and they cuddled on the ground, kissing each other.
"It doesn't matter." Nerath grumbled, but the way he redoubled his efforts inside me showed it did.
"Keep going. It's working."
I'm not quite sure what Khitano did, but Jessalyn's cries were unmistakable as she became the second nymph to go over the edge. He helped her to the ground and they joined the first pair watching the contest and snuggling.
I felt myself closing in on my own orgasm, and I bit my tongue. No way was I going to lose this challenge. The pain brought me back down, but I knew it wouldn't last very long.
"Don't just sit there. Help"
The four on the ground turned to me and I motioned with my head to the guys kneeling in front of them.
They figured it out and Khitano moved to Cidane while Jaimor moved to Taleran. With four hands and two mouths on each of their bodies, Samantha and Katrus soon became moaning messes as well.
I looked at Meaghan and she smirked. That bitch! She was holding off on purpose. Oh my god. I felt a wave of pleasure course through my body and I fought it off again.
"Everyone on that last one! Hurry!"
They all, males and females, rushed to Meaghan and began playing with her body. Fingers and mouths caressed her from head to foot, sliding over her body and into her orifices. She kept the stoic look on her face, but I could see the arousal creeping up into her cheeks.
The necromancer grabbed me by my waist and shoved himself in deep, holding himself there. I felt his seed spraying inside of me and I couldn't hold back any longer. Moaning and rocking, I began to orgasm on his shaft. I heard a scream behind me and knew that Meaghan was cumming as well. Our moans echoed throughout the room and once again, I passed out from pleasure.
When I came to, I was laying in the middle of the cabin, feeling warmth and softness all around me. As I gathered my senses, I realized that I was swaddled in a blanket. "What..." I tried to push myself up, but a couple gentle hands guided me back to the ground.
"You've been out for about half an hour. We think you should rest." Meaghan leaned over and gave me a kiss on my forehead. "Smitty went to go get you some food and drink. He should be back any second. He was the only one who had clothes."
I was able to look around from my spot on the ground and saw eleven naked bodies around me. Most of them looked relieved now that I was awake, but I could tell that Jason was still concerned.
"That was amazing," I said softly, smiling at him. "Thank you so much."
He relaxed a little more and gave me a little smile back. Samantha, sitting next to him, gave him a kiss on the shoulder. "I told you she'd be okay." She reached between his legs and slowly began stroking his flaccid cock.
The door opened behind me, and Smitty entered, his hands filled with bags of snacks and bottles of water. He looked at me and smiled when he saw that I was awake. Once again I thought about how sweet he had been this entire week and how much of what happened was because of him.
I stood up and let the blanket fall to the ground as I walked sultrily over to him. "Oh good. I was getting hungry." I smiled sweetly, then dropped to my knees in front of him and pulled his pants down to his ankles. Despite the surprise on his face, his body knew exactly what was in store for it. I reached between his legs and began massaging his balls. His moans told me everything I needed to know as I kissed the tip of his erection. I opened my mouth slightly and let my tongue run circles over the head.
I looked up at him, his hands still filled with heavy bags, and I realized that he was afraid of dropping them. Perfect for me. I opened my mouth wide and moved forward until I could feel him touching the back of my throat. I held myself there for a few moments before rocking back.
Gently, I sucked on his shaft, my tongue caressing the underside, while he stood there unable to move. I reached between my thighs where, once again, my own arousal was abundant. I coated my fingers and wrapped them around his cock, stroking him with my lubricant.
His body stiffened and he began to shake a little. Knowing the signs, I once again held him deep in my mouth and began sucking. As his rod twitched and load after load hit the back of my throat, I swallowed them quickly and completely.
Eventually his body stopped cumming, and I slowly removed my mouth, giving him one more kiss on the head as I released. "Thank you for the wonderful week," I stood again, took a bottle of water from the bag and went back to the blanket to sit down again.