The next morning, she went to her classroom again. The classroom had no students in it. She looked up at the clock to noticed that she was fifteen minutes early. She put her briefcase by her desk and sat down. She put her hand through her hair. She realized that she didn't brush her hair that well this morning. She stood up and walked out to go to the faculty's lounge, that have a small bathroom and locker room. There she stood, facing herself in the mirror, putting her fingers through her hair to straighten it up.
She was thinking it felt good to be naked yesterday, because it was too hot. Too bad her students made her nude. Her classroom of students has seen her walking around nude, like it's normal. She thinks about way she is always nude at home. It's a waste putting on clothes, to them mess up in. Covering up for whom? It was refreshing to be nude.
She's late for class now. She took too long in the bathroom. She rushes out the bathroom to get to class. Amy opens the door to find her students waiting for her.
"Wow, Ms. Amy it seems you are getting accustomed this lifestyle?" a student asked. Amy was walking towards her desk completely nude.
"Yeah, I think I'm beginning to like this." Amy smiled.
"It suits you!" A woman said.
"Thanks, let's start; this is our last day to study." Amy said.
The students studied for hours. Lunch time came and the students were dismissed to go. Kim walked up to Amy.
"What are you doing for lunch? Kim asked Amy.
"I was going outside to eat my food. It's a wonderful day out."
"May I join you?"
"By all means!"
Amy got her lunch from her briefcase and walked out the room with Kim.
When they were walking down the hallway, Amy stopped in front of the teacher's lounge, before the outside door.
"Give me one minute, to put my clothes on." Amy said.
Kim grabbed her hand. "You don't need to do that. The quad is isolated for this building and it's just the people in our classroom are here."
"You're kidding right?" Amy asked. Kim shook her head no and pulled her away from the door. They giggled all the way to the outside door. Kim opened the door and peeked out. She moved to the side.
"Take a look. No one but our classmates are here." Kim said. Amy peeked her head outside, to see for herself.
"Let's go!" Kim said while yanking her outside and down the several of steps. They sat on the grass, under a shaded tree. The fellow students smiled and waved as they walked by. Amy turned to look at Kim. Her mini skirt was too short again. Her pussy was facing Amy. Kim noticed Amy was looking at her.
"I was wondering. Maybe this is too forward. Can I ..."
"Spit it out Kim." Amy said. Kim was looking down.
"I never touch anybody else before and ... I ...umm."
"Go ahead." Amy said. She turned to her and opened her legs. Kim caressed her lips and felt her skin. Kim took her hand away.
"It's beautiful. I don't know why people want to hide something like this? You need to keep it smooth." She grabbed Amy's hand and put it on her pussy. "You feel that? You need to keep it up." Amy smiled as Kim use her fingers to touch every part of her. Kim let go and Amy retracted her hand back. They ate their lunch and returned to the classroom to finish the day.
At the end of the day, Amy stayed after class to finish grading the pretest on her students. It came upon 8 p.m.. When she finished, she looked up at the clock and realized that she was still nude. It was time to go home. She looked out of her window. It was pitch black outside, except for the areas that campus lights lit up. She walked out in the hallway. She heard distant noises from the floor buffers and the night cleaning crew moving around. She crept down the hallway and towards the lounge. She opened the door and stopped.
She had that feeling of pushing the envelope again. It's night time. She chuckled a little and then closed the door. She approached the outside door and peeked out. She sees that no one was around and her car was the only car in the parking lot, she steps out. Walking on the sidewalk, slowly, trying not to be in the full sight of the lights. Amy retrieved her car keys out from her briefcase and got into her car.
She took as deep breath as she pulls away from the parking lot. In a minute, she was driving through Main Street, the heart of the city; she then realized that she was totally exposed to everyone to see. She rolls down her window to feel the cool air. She sighed as she relaxed in her car.
It was too dark to see her in the car, even with the street lights. She was free. Amy had a smile on her face. The car pulled in her parking spot, at home. Amy gathered her stuff and looked around to see if anyone was watching her. She quickly, opened the door and dashed into her condo.
She walked in the kitchen to put her briefcase and keys down on the counter. "What a great nude day!" She said as she laughed, as she was walking towards her bedroom.