Lucy sat on the floor with her legs crossed, between rows F-G and G-H, a book surreptitiously balanced on her knees. The dusty stillness of the library was punctuated every now and then by a muffled cough, or a rustling newspaper.
...she circled her wet tongue around the throbbing clitoris, and flicked upwards in a sudden motion, making her partner jump silently...
There was a growing warmth around Lucy's nether regions and a swirling, pulling sensation just above it. Letting out a small, unintentional gasp, Lucy bit the inside of her bottom lip to keep herself from making any noise.
...her fingers danced over Josie's nipples, slowly in circles around the wrinkled areolas, then using her whole palm to push against the entire breast...
The warmth in her lady parts was starting to pulsate, adding a sense of urgency and speeding up Lucy's heartbeat. The desire to touch herself grew and she found herself lowering her right hand into her shorts, but keeping her underwear intact.
...Josie's neck prickled as her partner kissed along her ears, nibbling her way down to her ear lobes...
Seeking fingers found the wet patch over her underwear and slowly stroked up and down, occasionally raking a fingernail over the thin fabric. A faint, warm, heady smell rose to reach Lucy's nose, increasing her arousal.
...Josie got down on the bed and trailed her fingers down her partner's chest and stomach, arriving at the erect dildo...
Lucy held back gentle moans as her deft fingers found their way inside the underwear and found her folds covered in thick, syrupy wetness. She found her clitoris and passed her fingers over it gently. It was so sensitive, it was almost painful. Lucy bit her lip and breathed out heavily. A rustle in the next aisle suddenly caught her attention, and Lucy stopped dead still, hand still resting in her underwear.
Mortified, Lucy's heart raced and a little bead of sweat formed on her forehead. Holding her breath, she chanced a glance through the gaps in the book shelves. Her brown eyes met the eyes of another and as rabbits are caught in headlights, two eyes remained locked, unblinking, unswerving.
Lucy's thoughts raced, but she was strangely calm. Had this person been watching her the whole time? Had they seen her reading, hot and heavy, biting her lips and sucking in quiet breaths? Had they seen her carefully slide her hands into her shorts and watched the rhythmic movements of her wrists as she slid up and down her lady parts, gasping in pleasure?
A daring thought struck her, as she sat there with her index finger dead still on her clitoris. What if she were to continue? What if she went on, pretending that nothing had changed, that a stranger wasn't watching her from the other side of the aisle?
She licked her lips and repositioned herself on the floor, making sure she was visible from the gap between the books. Incredibly, the risk of being caught seemed to arouse her even more. The idea that someone could walk up to her aisle in search of a book seemed to make her even wetter. And now, she had an audience. This turned her on completely unexpectedly and her fingers quickened in pace to match her frenzy.
With her free hand, she snaked up her singlet and over the top of her bra. Her exposed stomach heaved with her breaths, a single bead of sweat dripping down from between her breasts. She gave her nipple a deft squeeze, causing a sizzle of pleasure direct to her genitals. Using her soft hands, she kneaded her left breast, then her right.
The book she had been reading lay forgotten as Lucy pleasured herself with both her hands. She was sitting leaning against the wall, eyes closed, neck arched back in abandon. Soon, both her hands were in her shorts, one rhythmically stroking her clitoris, the other with several fingers imbedded deep within her.
She was so turned on that she easily found her g-spot with her fingers and plunged at the spot repeatedly, over and over, until the pressure built to a screaming high. She felt like she could almost squirt, but wondered whether she dared do so in a public library. She was torturing herself for the sake of it now, bringing herself close to the edge, then backing off on her clit so that the dizzying sensations rose and dipped, then rose and dipped again.
Soon, she could take no more of this. The back of her singlet was soaked with sweat and strands of her hair had fallen loose from the elastic holding them back. Her clit felt so sensitive that all she had to do was shift slightly against her fingers. A wild idea took hold of her, and when she finally allowed herself to orgasm, she made herself look in between the gaps in the book shelf to see the eyes of her watcher. Wide eyes stared back at her.
Recovering from the overwhelming waves of pleasure, she heard silence from the other aisle. Then, softly, a continuous thumping noise that could easily be mistaken for a noise belonging to an old building. What didn't belong however, was the unmistakably held-back grunt, and the sound of a hand placed sweatily and urgently against a wall as if to steady its owner.
Soon after, Lucy left the library, holding a newly loaned book and a swagger in her step.