I can't remember when I met Marsha, It seems she was just always around. She and my wife were good friends even before her divorce. When my wife died she was a great help showing me how to manage household duties which I had never thought about. I can now iron a shirt! She is still a good friend. We get together at one of our houses for company and a drink or meal.
My name is Jeff. I have been retired a few years now and enjoying it very much. I am 6'0" and 180 lbs. I am not obsessed with fitness but I keep in reasonable shape by running through the nature preserve near my home and bicycle rides.
Marsha is about my age, perhaps 5'3", a little on the plump side with much of her weight in her breasts and hips. Buxom? Yes if that old a term can still be used. She is fun to be around because of her positive outlook on everything. Anything can be happening, good or bad, and she will find something funny about it.
One afternoon Marsha was over at my place. There was nothing special going on, she was just over for some company. We were sitting in my den drinking lemonade and chatting. I had just finished telling one of my stories which she had probably heard before but was nice enough not to tell me. There was a
lull in the conversation and then Marsha looked apprehensive and said, "Jeff, can I ask you to help me with something very personal?"
I assured her that I was willing to help with anything. She went on, "Don't be too sure until you know what it is. And feel free to say no. It has been a long time since Hank left and I have not seen a naked man since. I have always loved looking at naked men. Would you take off your clothes for me?"
That was certainly not what I was expecting. I thought perhaps she was going to describe a plumbing problem or something like that, but this was way out of the blue. I have sexual thoughts about women but somehow it always seemed that women my age did not. To find out that she wants to look at a naked man was enlightening. I hesitated only a moment and then smiled, "I did say anything."
I made eye contact with her as I slowly unbuttoned my shirt. Then my T-shirt went over my head and I smiled. My shoes and socks were next before I stood. I very deliberately faced her and unfastened my belt and pants waist button. Then down went my zipper and I slid my jeans down my legs and off. I paused and saw that I had her attention so I turned all the way around and moved my hips. I hooked my thumbs in the waist band of my boxers, slid them down, and stepped out of them.
I walked over and stood in front of her which, with her seated, put her face directly in front of my cock. "May I touch you?" she asked.
"Yes, you may do whatever you want."
At the touch of her hand my cock started to harden. She seemed to like that. She cupped my balls with her other hand while stroking my cock. She played with me for awhile, happy with her new toys. Then she leaned in, kissed my cock, and said, "Thank you."
I told her I would be right back and left the room. I returned with two bath towels, placing one on the sofa next to her and spread the other on my chair. I sat and just to see what she would do said, "Okay, now it is your turn."
She giggled and said, "This is a kids game."
"You started it, and tell me you are not having fun."
She smiled, kicked off her shoes, and stood. She looked me in the eye as she grasped the bottom of her shirt and slowly raised it off over her head. Marsha reached behind herself and unclasped her bra, catching it as it fell off. I gasped because her breasts were magnificent. Large and round but not droopy with perfect round areolas and prominent nipples. She wagged her shoulders back and forth to make them giggle and walked over to stand in front of me. I took this as an invitation and placed each of my hands on a breast to give a little squeeze. I gave each nipple a twist and pull before I dropped my hands and smiled.
Marsha stepped back. She lifted the hem of her skirt above her waist so I could see her panties. She did a little teasing dance in that position before dropping her skirt. She reached her hands under her skirt and slid her panties down and off. She resumed her dance while raising and lowering her skirt to allow glimpses of a shaved pussy and a round ass. Finally she unfastened her skirt and let it drop. She walked over to where her pussy was right in front of my face. I felt her wetness as I fingered her. I leaned in and gave her slit a lick from bottom to top which caused her to grab my head to steady herself as she softly gasped.
I pulled her down on my lap and kissed her. As I fondled her breasts I felt her reach around and to play with my cock. I lifted and turned her so her back was to me and her legs were on either side of my legs. She still had her hand on my cock so when she sat she guided it into her vagina. What a lovely feeling sliding into that warm, wet place. I gave my cock a twitch and she responded by squeezing it with her vagina.
After a few moments of just enjoying the feel I reached down and ran my fingers around her clit. This caused her to begin moving up and down on my cock. We fucked slowly, enjoying each other until the intensity increased. I started pushing up to meet her and she moved faster up and down. When I was about to cum I moved my fingers onto her clit and felt her vagina spasm which caused me to shoot up into her.
We sat as we were with me still in her for awhile not talking, just catching our breath and floating on the pleasure. Finally she stood and was reaching for her clothes when I said, "Let's just stay dressed like we are."
"Okay." She went back to her spot facing me on the sofa and sat but with her legs apart now.
I smiled and asked, "Has our relationship changed?"
"Have you heard of friends with benefits?"