Daytona. What a cool, magical sounding name for a place. Maybe I feel that way because when I was a little girl I used to sit on my father's lap watching the Daytona 500 on TV with him, and every once in a while they'd even show the motorcycles racing there.
My father rode motorcycles. He had quite a few over the years, his favorite being a Kawasaki KZ900. Dark green, with pinstripes on the gas tank, a chrome front fender, and lots of polish on the in-line four. When I was old enough he used to ride me on the back of it — my early memories of those rides are of blistering speed and thrilling noise and wind. It was only natural that I'd start riding when I grew up, and now, at twenty-three years old, I'm what the nice man at my corner store calls a biker chick. "There's my favorite biker chick," he'll say when I walk in. "Whooo! That new leather? That fits younice!"
He's got the hots for me, and it's cute, but I'm only sorta into guys. I guess I'd do him, in the right circumstances, maybe if the cute girl that works for him asked the two of us for a threeway. Ha! That'd be something, right? I wouldn't be lying if I said I'd rather get with her, one on one, without the dude there. The bummer part is she's only like sixteen or something. It's a crying shame, I'll tell you, how cute some girls get before they're even legal. Whoever made up the rules must have been blind.
My dad's gone now, dead from a stupid disease. If he was here I would have rode with him down to Daytona for my first Bike Week, instead of going on my own. I wonder what he'd think about the way hot girls make my mouth water. If he was with me, walking on the beach with his leather jacket slung over his shoulder, would him and me be checking out the same girls? My Mom's definitely his type — thin and long-legged, like me. I like long legged girls too, so I guess that old saying is true about apples falling from trees and not being far away, or whatever it is. Dad used to love squeezing Mom's ass, and it was always easy for me to understand why. Her ass was killer and it still is, and I guess mine is, too. It's that apples and trees thing again.
So I rode to Daytona in March, out of winter and into summer, and shit, girl, there's a lot of wet t-shirt contests down there during Bike Week! It's like a lesbian's dream, in a way, except for all the buckets of testosterone everywhere you look. But if you're cool with dudes, too, like I sorta am, oh yeah, girl, it's fun. Even out on the street you can yell "Show us your tits!" and you might get a peek at some. I showed mine more than once, right out there on the sidewalk.
So what would my Dad think about it all, in my fantasy dream where he's still alive and he's with me down there? When I was fifteen I caught him watching a wet t-shirt contest on his old computer, so yeah, he liked tits just as much as he liked nice asses, and I like to think he'd be proud of me for putting myself out there; a horse in the race, you might say. A wet filly shaking her booty.
But wait, I just gave away some of the story. I gotta tell you how it started...
So I ride into Daytona and hit a bar that first night. The Nighthawks are playing and the place is fuckin' rocking. I'm drinking and guys are hitting on me—the usual—and then I see this big bulletin board by the door plastered with stuff to do — other bands, pig roasts, shit like that. Tacked up with a thumbtack is a piece of paper written on with a Sharpie, telling about a get-together of female bikers at somebody's house down in Port Orange, just a few miles away. An evening thing with food and beer. "Pay what you want," the paper said. They even had a girl band scheduled to play, a blues trio kind of thing. So yeah, I say. Fuck yeah!
The next day I hit the beach and then I rode south out of town, to Port Orange for the girl party. I gotta say, it was pretty awesome. I met some girls there that I think I'll be friends with for the long haul.
So after we were all lubed up on keg beer I asked them why no wet t-shirt contest, and I got a lot of laughs. Some of them were sorta nervous laughs because most girls can sorta tell that I'm into that side of things. The girl side. It's not that I'm butch or anything, I'm not really at all, it's just that I think maybe they can sorta see it in my eyes. Maybe I look at them the way a horny guy does, especially after a few beers. But anyway, some of them said they'd done the wet t-shirt thing, either because their guy wanted them to, or because they thought Prince Charming might be there, saying, "Yeah, those are the tits I want." It was a pretty funny conversation, actually, so I'm glad I brought the topic up.
One thing about me is I can get sorta glued to an idea. For whatever reason, that week in March I got glued to the idea of a guy pouring cold water over me and then me ripping my shirt off in front of a big crowd. Don't ask me why. It's crazy and my Mom would shit her pants if she knew, but doing it became my goal for my first Bike Week. I wanted to be a wet t-shirt girl. And one of the fun parts is that I talked some of my new friends into doing it with me.
One of them, Katty, is a bartender from up in Pennsylvania. It was her first time at Bike Week, too. She said her wet titties won first prize at a biker thing in Scranton, and I believe her, because she's got sweet looking tits and Scranton is, well, Scranton. So yeah, definitely the right girl in the right place forthatprize money.
Speaking of prize money, there's a bunch of it up for grabs during Bike Week. We heard there was more somewhere, but we picked a place with a $500 top prize, because we liked the place more than the money. Some of the girls had been there in previous years, and they said it got raunchier than some of the other places. Of course I voted for that one, and wouldn't you know, some of the other girls did too, although it might've been all the beer we were drinking that did it.
I guess I should have asked about what they meant by "raunchy." I pictured not just showing our tits, but maybe playing with them, putting our hands on them, waggling them back and forth and stuff like that. Kinda like stripper stuff, from the waist up. I pictured water flinging off of them when we waggled them, and even now the thought of that kind of thing gives me a lady boner.
So anyway, the girls said I should go buy a little white tanktop made of thin cotton, and they said I should cut the neck with scissors to open up the cleavage and make it rip-able. And they said panties were good, especially thin ones that get clingy in the front when they're wet. And I'm thinking, panties? Really? I don't know why I was picturing shorts, or maybe a bikini bottom.
So I've already got a pair of super sexy panties with me, a thong that's halfway see-through, that I save for special nights. It's so frickin' tiny I can carry it on bike trips real easy. And I'm thinking wow, should I wearthat?Am I really gonna be on stage wearing nothing butthatalmost invisible little thing? And then the idea of it sticks, all gluey in my head, and suddenly I wanna be a stripper girl. I know, Mom shittin' her pants and all that, but damn, being that almost naked, and wet, up there on stage with Katty who I was getting a crush on, it somehow seemed perfect.
So the next day, after hitting up the local Walmart for the cheapest, flimsiest tanktop they sell, I stuffed it in my jacket pocket and I rode with some of the girls to St. Augustine where we pigged out on seafood tacos at a super sweet restaurant out by the beach. All four of us that were gonna be in the tittie contest were on the ride, and five of the girls who wanted to keep their clothes on came with us. I'm not blaming them for not doing the contest — some of them got kids and stuff. I probably would have freaked if my mom had done a wet t-shirt contest, but who knows, maybe she did? Shedefinitelyhad the body for it. She and dad would have rode away with the money every time.
So we get to the bar early, and the guys there were really nice. The band was setting up and they were super nice, too. There was a special stage set up for us girls, so it could get wet, I guess, and a girl who tends bar showed us a backroom where all us contestants would be changing our clothes. We hung out at the bar and drank, and more and more girls showed up that were going to join in, some young, supposedly 21 but I'm guessing fake ID, and some diehard old biker chicks, one or two of them like in their fifties or something. I hope I'm rockin' it like they are when I'm that age, and I totally hope my tits look as good as one of those old girls.DamnI kept thinking. She's got ashot!
The band was rockin' it up with old Zeppelin and Hendrix, and I was getting cozy with Katty, shoulder to shoulder with her at the bar. She rode to Daytona solo, like I did, freezing her ass off and pissed the whole way because her boyfriend is fucking around with some older girl. Likewayolder. Like hismother'sage. So we downed beers and she kept saying she wanted to hook up with a guy and go a little crazy, but so far no luck. I kept dropping little hints about who needs guys when we're having so much fun on our own, and she really started to get the idea I think. She asked me about my love life, and I skipped the part about me sorta liking guys okay and went right to stories about my past girlfriends. I could tell from her eyes that she found it all sort of fascinating. I finally asked her straight out, "You've never been with a girl?" She said no, and I said, "You don't know what you're missing." It was one of those super hot moments when I just wanted to kiss her and I'm pretty sure she would have liked it.
"So what do you think the girls meant when they said this contest gets raunchy?" I asked her, talking loud because the band was kicking ass. "Like, stripper stuff?"
Katty shrugged and nodded. "Probably," she said.
"You ever been to a strip club?" I asked.
She nodded. "With my boyfriend."
"Did you ever see two together? Strippers?" I asked.
"They do that?" she said.
"Yeah. It's all good," I said. "Think that's what 'raunchy' is?"
She thought for a little bit, biting her bottom lip real cute, with her eyes all sparkly, and then she said, "Wanna get raunchy with me? We could split the money if one of us wins."
"I like it," I said, smiling at her. "Any rules, or are you an anything goes kind of girl?"
"Let's go for it," she said, and then she got all blushy and turned away from me and ordered two more beers.
Our other two friends were ready to go, too, with some good beer in their bellies and nice smiles on their faces. Some of the other girls from our group showed up to cheer us on, some of them with their guys with them. It made me wonder if they knew what was gonna happen, but, yeah, I'm pretty sure they did.
One of the guys in charge started herding us girls toward the backroom. After the guy left us alone, one of the girls said something about wondering if they had security cameras spying on us back there, but did it really matter? Maybe for the shyer ones it did, but really, we were about to go all stripper on the stage, so a little peeky peeky from a grainy back and white camera didn't bother me much. Most of us were already dressed under our clothes, anyway. Bikini tops were just as popular as various kinds of little shirts. Maybe I shouldn't say 'little' shirts because there were some big girls in the mix.
Maybe it wasn't cool, but I started to think about who was the toughest competition for Katty and me. There were five of us who I probably would have voted for, just based on seeing us all getting ready. I pictured it coming down to who had the sexiest moves, and filed that thought away in the back of my head.
The guy knocked on the door and said, "You ladies ready?" The band was taking their break and I could hear the announcer, and then we were walking all in a line, down the hall and up onto the stage. I thought maybe there'd be bright lights on us making it sorta hard to see the audience, but no, we could see everybody clear as day, all of them whooping it up like a bunch of rowdies. That's when I realized that wearing nothing but my tiny little see-through thong on the bottom of me was kinda crazy and bold. I mean, I knew it in the back room with the other girls, but wow, up on stage like that, with my nips all hard under my flimsy little tank top, it was a new kind of thrill.
Me and Katty were standing next to each other, with our two new friends next to her. I guess there was about a dozen of us girls total, all next to each other in a row, like a rag-tag biker-looking version of the Rockettes. One of the older girls had bluejeans on her legs, though, so that sorta spoiled that illusion.
Some cranked heavy metal music started playing through the big speakers and the next thing you know we were all doing our stripper-dancer moves. Four guys started pouring water down our fronts. It wasn't as cold as ice but it was pretty cold.
Katty looked amazing, with her long legs and her hot body. Slender and perky, she had better posture than any of the other girls, so I fixed mine, arching my back to show off the goods. She was rockin' a tank top and a thong, same as me, but hers weren't as see-through as mine.
The really thrilling part for me was hearing the wild whoops and cheers whenever I did something extra sexy, like bending over to give them a good look at my naked ass cheeks once in a while, twerking it and wiggling it from side to side. Like I said, I got lucky and got my Mom's sweet ass.
There was so much water I couldn't believe it. I think the guys just wanted to stay close to us, so they kept pouring those full beer pitchers of water over us.
I wasn't the first one to rip open her shirt and show her tits, but I was second I think, and the cheers I got gave me a good feeling about how things were going. Even better was the feeling I got when I saw Katty looking at me. She got all shy and blushy when I caught her looking at my tits, so I danced over to her and gave her a stripper wiggle, with my wet titties right up against her. It raised a big cheer from the crowd, and I said to her, "Show me yours."
"You do it," she said, standing there with that nice tits-out posture, with a sorta overwhelmed look on her face.
So yeah, I ripped her shirt open, and I danced my face right down there between her sweet tits. A guy poured water on us, totally wetting my hair, saying, "Let's try and keep it PG, girls."
Yeah, likethatwas gonna happen. I knew raunchy was cool in that place, it was told to me, so I just smiled, gave Katty a little wink, and danced on.
There was voting based on whoops and cheers, and pretty soon there was five of us left for the final round. That old girl in her fifties with those crazy awesome Playboy-sized tits was one of them, and me and Katty made it, and another girl who was totally sexy, and a girl with a leather cowboy hat and little leather short shorts that were unzipped. We were all bare-titted by that point. I felt like I was in one of my gay-girl dreams. I wonder what they all would have thought if they knew how turned on I was by all of them. A nice wet orgy in the backroom would have been fun.
And then the music got louder. At least I think it did. I'm not sure because my mind sorta went one-track. The cowboy-hat girl had taken off her leather shorts and she was full naked, so I took off my little thong and tossed it, and I became a total exhibitionist slut. If you wanna know the truth, I fuckin' loved it. I've never danced much to heavy metal, but it was crazy fun. I was down on all fours with my ass and pussy aimed right at the big crowd, fake fucking like a stripper while a guy poured water right down the crack of my ass, the force of it tickling my little asshole like crazy. I swear to God, it just about gave me an orgasm. I got tingly and shaky and, yup, that's what it was, a nice little orgasm.
Katty was my next target, with my one-track mind focusing out everything but her. I danced up against her and coaxed her out of her thong. Once she was naked she got a fun look in her eyes, and then we danced for everybody, the two of us sort of like a team. The crowd was going nuts. The way Katty was turned on was right there in her eyes. Her nips showed it too, of course, super hard and sexy, the way mine were. The music was crazy wild, screaming guitars and throbbing, pounding drums. I lost track of everything but Katty, got her back against the wall at the back of the stage, scissored our legs together, kissed her real deep and fucked her, right there against the wall.
I have no idea how much time went by. Five seconds? Ten seconds? More? Fucking a girl all naked in a bar in front of a crowd is nothing I thought I'd ever do. I wish I could remember it better, but it's a totally awesome blur. "We gotta cool these girls down," I think the announcer said, and water was soaking us again. Katty was looking right into my eyes when we stopped, her face all amazed.
It turned out to be the end of the contest. I got the $500 prize, Katty got $250, and that awesome fifty-something girl with the killer tits got $100. She never got out of her shorts, but yeah, those tits aremoney.
The three of us stood there for our applause, like real theater people or something. "Is it okay, what I did?" I asked Katty, talking near her ear, just to her.
"Yeah," she said.
"You sure? That was pretty intense."
She nodded. Her eyes looked happy but it was hard to read her. Her answers were more guy-like than girl-like, but we were, after all, standing naked in front of a cheering crowd of rowdies. I guess it wasn't the place for a deep conversation. And maybe Katty wanted it that way. She was overwhelmed, maybe, or deep in the Zen of first-time public nudity, or maybe just plain confused by her first sexual experience with another girl. Deep in the Zen of first-time public nudity was where my own mind was at, by the way. As I stood there, holding Katty's hand, with my hair and body dripping with cold water but somehow not shivering, I felt like I was dreaming. The crowd was cheering, lots of them with their arms and beers in the air, and the announcer was going on and on about who knows what. His voice was like a blurry echo in another language. I suppose I could have focused on it and been more in-the-moment, but instead I stayed in my trippy dream, the one where I scanned all the eyes in the room and found many of them looking at me, my tits, and my pussy. Only a few of them looked at my eyes and my smile. I know I was smiling, but I wonder what kind of a smile it was. I know it got bigger when the guy came to me and raised my arm high in the air. The rowdy crowd cheered even louder. I watched the eyes in the crowd looking at me and I was lost in my dream again. Strangely calm. Feeling good about things, good about my nudity. Sort of Zen, like I said.
So we all head back to the backroom to dry off and get dressed, and the bass player from the band is in the back hallway, watching all us wet-titted girls go by. Quite a few minutes later, when we came out, he was still there, smoking a cigarette by the back door. "Are you guys staying? Wanna party with us after the show?" he asked Katty and me.
"Sorry, we're leaving," I said. "I'm taking her to my place." Katty looked real happy about my idea, but she didn't say anything. And then I thought, she really needs a cock to get her mind off her shitty boyfriend, so I asked the bass player guy, "Wanna come over when you're done? Just you alone, we don't want a big party or anything."
The bass player, a cute blond named Stevie, said, "Yeah."
Me and Katty rode to my motel, way up north of town, on Route 1. It's an old-fashioned place, one of the those long, low, one-story flat-roofed motels that looks like it's left over from the 1950s. Us bikers are in most of the rooms, but there's a few cars, too.
Riding without helmets, the way Florida lets you do, dried our wet hair and tangled it up in a crazy messed up way. We looked plenty wild when we got off our bikes. Katty looked super sexy, but she also looked shy and quiet, more so than the way I'd known her up till then. With our bikes parked right by my room, I unlocked the door and walked her in. I'm not the neatest girl, so there was clothes scattered around and stuff. Not a lot, because I was traveling light. The bed was made, though, thanks to the maid or whatever you call them these days. I wondered if it was a guy, because he would have seen my panties and bra and stuff. My bra was there because I didn't wear it. That was one of the many things that had me all horny — my titties are big enough that I don't normally ride without a bra, because I get all bouncy. That night I kinda liked it, though. Maybe I'll do it some more.
"Is the place you're in like this one?" I asked Katty.
"Yeah, sort of," she said.
"Maybe, if we both come next year, we could get a place together," I said.
Katty smiled, and it made me happy. "Yeah, we should do that," she said.
"So that Stevie guy's cute, huh?" I said. "What time do you think he'll get here?"
"I don't know," she said. "Two? Three maybe?"
"Shit, we'll be waking up the neighbors," I said. "Are you loud when a guy fucks you?"
I think the way I say what's on my mind surprises Katty. She looked a little embarrassed and nodded. "Sometimes," she said.
"I met the guys in the rooms next door," I said. "They'll be cool with it I think. They might make fun of us in the morning."
Katty smiled. She looked around at my little bit of stuff, her eyes settling on my bra. "So, do you...have a girlfriend?" she asked.
"Not right now. Just a couple fuckbuddies. One of them's a guy, though."
Katty looked me in the eye. She looked soft and vulnerable. I said, "You sure you're okay with what we did at the bar? I kinda got...turned on more than I should have." I heard Katty breathing harder. Her eyes seemed to be curious, like she was wondering what did it, what turned me on. "You got a crazy nice body," I said.
"I don't."
"Yeah you do," I said. "I mean, it was super hot just being there, wasn't it? But then you, all strippin' it and dancin' it. You're fuckin' good at it. You had all those guyscranked."
"It wasn't me," she said, sorta laughing at the thought of it. "You and that other girl, and that older woman who won with us. You guys were the ones."
"Oh my god, have you ever seen tits like hers? She's older than my mother and those are some crazy nice tits. They're like the tits some of those old movie stars had. Yeah, she got the crowd rowdied up. I'm glad she won a prize. I bet if she'd taken her shorts off she woulda done even better."
Katty laughed. "She was soaked. And that other woman, she never took off her jeans, or even her bikini top."
"Just getting up there and dancing sexy for all those guys probably made her happy. Only us freaks got naked."
"It wasn't just...you and me, was it?" Katty said, looking surprised.
"No that girl in the cowboy hat did, too."
"Yeah," Katty said. "Just us three, though?"
"Yup. Showin' our pussies to the world. Good thing I waxed before I came down here. That'd be a good slogan for the State of Florida — Be sure and wax before you come." Katty and I laughed at that one. Sometimes I make a decent joke.
I went outside to the soda machine and got a couple Cokes for us. When I came back Katty was trying on my bra, over the top of her t-shirt, looking down at how it looked. "I wish I was bigger," she said. "That lady my boyfriend's been fucking around with, she's bigger."
"You mean the home-wrecking skank? You gotta stop thinking nice about her."
"I don't think she knows about me," Katty said.
"Oh," I said. "Shit. Yeah, that's different. But still, she's like his mom's age, right? That's fucked up, right?"
"Is it?" Katty said. "What about us when we're her age. We'll still be into cute guys, right?" She had her hands on the cups of my bra, sorta feeling them, like there was tits in them.
"Is he cute?" I asked. "Your guy?"
Katty nodded.
"As cute as Stevie?"
Katty smiled, said, "No."
"Okay then. Fuck Stevie's brains out, with me helping, and you'll even things up a little," I said. "You and me, though, we got some time. We could get...kinda warmed up, before he comes, if you want to."
Katty looked kind of magical, like she was happy and excited and still shy. She was totally beautiful, standing there with her hair messed up, taking off my bra, showing me how turned on her nipples were, all hardened up and sexy under her t-shirt. She'd left her bra back in her room, too, same as I did.
I put my Coke down on the dresser and went to her. Her head tipped and her mouth opened, because she knew a kiss was coming and she wanted it. She never told me, but I know our kiss on stage, when I was fucking her against the wall, was her first kiss with a girl, and this one in my room was only her second. She liked them both, I could tell, because she moaned real soft and her lips were real soft, too. Gentle. Slow. My lips felt almost like my pussy gets, all sensitive and kind of electric. She touched my tongue with hers and I got this big heat thing all through my body. It was a crazy good kiss.
I know it's not good to rush a girl, especially a new girl, but I was dying to feel her warm skin, now that it wasn't all wet with cold water on it. So I lifted her t-shirt, she lifted her arms, I took it off of her and oh yeah, she's cute as fuck. For real. There's something about that messed-up hair and that look in her eyes. I probably risked freaking her out a little but I just kept going — I took off her riding boots and her socks, and took off her jeans, and she wasn't wearing any panties because they were back at the bar in a wet heap on the stage with mine. So there she was, standing there naked with the breath going in and out of her, loud and kinda fast. I pushed her down on the bed and I did what I wanted to do at the bar — I started eating her pussy and I just about had an orgasm from the taste of it.
I'm crazy about the taste of pussy. I just go kinda nuts when the flavor of a girl hits me. It's probably a good thing I didn't take a lick at the bar, because I woulda latched on and made Katty cum, right there in front of everybody. Well, maybe that's wishful thinking, but I am pretty good at it.
I know Katty thought so, too, pretty much right away, because she was really happy, lying there all wiggly, saying, "Oh yeah!" and "Fuck!" over and over again. It took some time to make her cum, but boy, did she ever. It was super fun, but I knew I needed to slow things down. And I wanted to. We had time to kill, and I was feeling super sexy. It was kinda like that Zen feeling again, but one-on-one, with a warm-skinned girl. No cold water, no hundreds of eyes looking at us. Just me and her in a quiet room in the middle of the night.
Her skin was all flushed with pink and she was funny acting from her big orgasm, but I could tell she wanted to undress me, instead of me just doing it myself. I stood up and she sat on the side of the bed, her body kinda breathless, her face all red. Her wild hair gave me the hornies again, and she unfastened my jeans and wiggled them down me. My pussy was there, uncovered same as hers had been. She just sorta stopped, with my jeans down around my knees, and I just stood there. She just looked at my pussy for a little bit, her face still red, still breathing hard. It was a super sexy minute, I'll tell you that. I wondered if I should talk to her about it, or pull her head to it, but I just stood there, breathing heavy, kinda like she was. And then she, in sorta like slow motion, kissed it, real soft, like her kiss on the mouth with me before. I know she liked my moan, because I could see her smile when she heard it. And then her tongue came out and she tickled my pussy with it, and it felt like the little tiny tongue of a baby cat, or something like that. It made me so happy, my moan was sort of a giggle. I put my hands on her wild hair and I held her to me, real gentle, and she took bigger tastes of my pussy. It was one of those points in time that stick in your head. I'm sure I'll remember it always.
I was naked pretty soon after that, and we tangled up with each other on that old bed. We were warm and soft, and we kissed each other everywhere, all those tender spots on our arms, our backs, our necks. She nibbled on my ear, and her warm breath almost made me cum. She got me to lie on my back, and she spent all kinds of good time on my tits, touching and kissing and breathing her breath on them. I swear to god that girl's got the sexiest breath I've ever felt. She warmed my stomach with it, and she kissed my hips, and then she was there again, looking, my pussy different this time, with me on my back and my legs spread a little.
"You ever sixty-nine your guy?" I asked.
She smiled at me and climbed on, without a word.
I teased her pussy with the tip of my tongue and my warm breath, the way she was doing me. She giggled at me being a copycat, so I dug in and ate her more thoroughly, and she did the same. It was her first time really going for it, and just knowing that was enough to make me orgasmic. So I came, for her, because of her, with her. The two of us losing it together, with the thighs of her leggy legs clasped in my arms, our bodies both out of control with shuddering tremors.
It was later on, and we'd totally lost track of time, locked in yet another sweet sixty-nine, eating each others just-orgasmed pussies, when Stevie knocked at the door.
"Fuck!" Katty said, smiling a surprised, wide-eyed, sexy smile.
I didn't give her a chance to protest or put on clothes or anything, I just jumped off the bed, went to the door and opened it.
"Just in time," I said to him, pulling him in. "Katty and me just made each other cum and she wants you to fuck her." Stevie looked a little stunned, just standing there, looking at us two naked girls. "Now!" I said.
He had two six-packs of beer in his hands. He put them on the floor and started stripping, saying something about the guys being pissed because he just took his bass and left after the show, didn't stay to help them break down their gear.
He got naked real quick and his cock was hard. "You ready for this cute guy?" I asked Katty. "Get on your hands and knees, so he can fuck you while he's standing up."
Katty looked like she couldn't believe what I was saying, but she did it, her sweet ass up and ready. "Do it. Fuck her," I said to Stevie, and he did. He stood at the side of the bed and his cock went deep inside her and she let loose some of that noisy-when-she's-fucked that she'd told me about. It was super hot. Stevie's nice ass was all muscly and flexy as he fucked her. I wanted some too, so I got on the bed next to her, just like she was, and Stevie shifted back and forth, giving both of us some of that nice cock of his. When he was fucking Katty he diddled my pussy with his hand. I kissed her and I could taste the happiness in her mouth. Some of it was the flavor of my pussy, some of it was the taste of revenge against her stupid boyfriend, and some of it was the taste of the future, her and me becoming fast friends, her and me riding together, showing our tits together, fucking each other in cheap motel rooms. Oh, fuck yeah. I found me a new girlfriend.
A threeway was a rare thing for me, and a first for Katty, so we made the most of it. Stevie was totally ready for anything, super happy. Turns out he's a really nice guy, older than me and Katty by ten years or more. He said we were the best thing that ever happened to him, and it could be true I guess.
Katty fucking loved it when he had his cock way deep in her and I was under there with my mouth on her clit. She came so hard that way, and then we switched around and they did it to me. That was when I lost it and got way too loud. I could tell Katty thought it was super hot doing that to me, making me cum real loud like that. She got really into my pussy, touching it all the time, eating me out even when I was so wound up I couldn't take it anymore. I know we must have been keeping the neighbors awake because it was like three o'clock in the morning. But hey, it was Bike Week, and they're partiers, too. It was my first time in Daytona, and I was making the most of it.
Stevie's cock got wore out a few times, so he just sat there and watched me and Katty get all cuddly and kissy. Me and her never stopped making each other cum. It was like we had this secret energy between us, something special that you only find once in a while. It'd go on, all gentle and orgasmy, and then Stevie would join in again. He said his cock felt different than ever before, I guess because it was all worn out but still getting hard and fucking us. He looked like it felt really intense, in a really good kind of way. My pussy was feeling that way, too, over-used but wanting more, and more, and more. That's when Katty's mouth on it started to feel like a soft drug, warm and wet and loving, making these deep different kind of orgasms come up in me. It was like her and Stevie were giving me a whole different kind of sex than I was used to, and I know Katty was feeling that way, too. She looked like the whole night was the best thing in the world.
When it was starting to get light outside she pulled Stevie onto her and they kissed while he fucked her in the old-fashioned way, her on her back with those nice leggy legs of hers wrapped around him. I just laid there and watched, too worn out to even touch his nice ass.
It was super sexy when he left, just after dawn. The parking lot was full of bikes, but nobody was up and around. We went out with him to his car, me and Katty still naked, our pussies all red from all the fucking. I loved being out there like that, with that Florida air all calm and heavy and sort of salty. I felt like the sexiest girl in the world, and I think Katty did, too.
When we went back inside I almost tripped on the six-packs of beer on the floor, all of it still un-drunk. Me and Katty got under the covers of the old bed, snuggled together like we loved each other, and we slept till noon. I could have stayed there in bed with her for the next two or three days, but there were beaches to walk on, a big ocean to swim in, and maybe one or two more wet t-shirt contests to win.