"How about I meet you and take you out to dinner on Tuesday for your birthday?" Kyle texted Elizabeth a few days before her 44th birthday.
Living nearly an hour apart, sometimes Kyle and Elizabeth would meet halfway between their houses. But Elizabeth was really hoping for birthday sex - a lot of birthday sex - and sex in Kyle's truck, while fun, just wasn't going to cut it this time.
"Can we do takeout at your place or mine instead, followed by dessert? Lots and lots of dessert," she replied, adding the winky-face emoji to fully get her point across.
"Sure. I can make a dessert delivery to your house that night. I'll be there around 6pm if that works," he responded.
"Works for me," she replied with a smiley-face emoji.
Over the next few days, Elizabeth was super excited for her birthday date with Kyle and also super horny. She could barely think about anything but sex and was masturbating multiple times during the day and night in anticipation of their meetup. She planned on seducing him the second he walked in her door that night.
Tuesday arrived and Elizabeth got a haircut and style that afternoon before heading home and getting ready for Kyle's arrival. She decided she wasn't going to leave any doubt about what she immediately wanted when he showed up so she opted for a t-shirt, lace boy-shorts, and knee high socks for a sexy, casual look.
Just around 6pm, she turned down her hallway and saw Kyle coming through her kitchen door. "Hi there," she said as she opened the door further and greeted him with a kiss, standing up on her toes.
"Hi," he responded back, with a little raise of his eyebrows as he soaked in what she was wearing. "How are you?"
"I'm good...even better, now that you're here," she replied, following with another kiss, this one deeper and longer. "Mmmmmmm."
Kyle set down his coat and things and then pulled her into an embrace. "So, do you want to order dinner now or just start with dessert?"
"Uh, dessert please," she responded back with a giggle and enthusiastic nod of her head.
"That's what I thought..." trailing off as he began to pull off his fleece.
Elizabeth grabbed Kyle's hand and led him down the hall to her bedroom. She crawled onto the bed and lay on her back and Kyle made no delay in removing her boyshorts. Elizabeth pulled her shirt over her head and tossed it aside while Kyle removed his clothes. His cock was standing firm and erect and Elizabeth could feel her wetness increasing at the sight of his thick and beautiful manhood.
He crawled onto the bed, positioning himself above her. Their lips came together in a passionate embrace and they began making out like horny teenagers. He then began to guide his cock up and down over her sex, teasing her as he glided the head of his penis over her intimate folds.
"Mmmmmmmmmhhh," Elizabeth sighed, both out of satisfaction and frustration. "I need your cock inside me," she said as she moved her body in motion with his.
And with that, Kyle eased his penis into her wet, warm tunnel.
"Ohhhhh mmmyyy godddd," she breathlessly uttered as he plunged himself deep into her body. She wrapped her arms around his back, and pulled him in closer to her. They came together again for more deep, passionate kisses, their tongues dancing together, their lips soft and wet. They paused only to take a few deep breaths, their mouths still close to one another, as they shared heated exhalations before resuming their sensual kisses.
Elizabeth began to tilt her pelvis and rock her body in motion with Kyle as he was plunging in and out of her slowly and rhythmically. Kyle quickened his pace and soon was pounding into Elizabeth and a string of moans, giggles, and expletives escaped her mouth.
"You don't know how horny I've been these past few days," she managed to say in between giggles and staggered breathing.
"I had a feeling," he said back to her with a little chuckle as he continued to drill into her with his cock.
After a few minutes like this, Kyle pulled out accompanied by a little whimper from Elizabeth, and he then positioned himself off the side of the bed. Pulling her by her thighs, he moved Elizabeth toward him and then rocked her legs back towards her head, giving his mouth prime access to her pussy. He dove in, full force, to her dripping wet sex, covering her with his tongue and lips. Elizabeth moaned and whimpered as he worked his magic on her snatch. He moved his tongue up to her clit, flicking it like a rapidly fluttering butterfly's wing and she practically cried in ecstasy. Her hands moved along his arms and back and then through his soft hair as he moved his tongue down to her entry. She pushed his head further onto her and she rocked her pelvis towards him, driving his tongue deeper into her opening. Her body writhed as an orgasm rippled through her body. "Holy fuck," she sighed with a smile beaming across her face. "Whoooohh," she exhaled.
He smiled back at her and then released a string of saliva onto her before inserting his pointer finger into her now sopping wet tunnel, bending his finger towards her sensitive g-spot. With firm and hurried pressure, he pressed and she cried out loudly, "Fuck! Oh Fuck! Oh my god," as he continued the pleasurable assault on her. After that orgasm, it was almost too intense though and her body wiggled and moved both with and against him. Unable to take the intensity anymore, she reached down and grabbed ahold of his wrist.
"It's too much," she said to him with a pleading smile. He returned the smile and reluctantly released his finger from her and then returned his cock to her willing, warm body.
"Ohhhhhh god," she said in response as his cock plunged deep inside of her. She released her legs from being bent up towards her head and wrapped them around his body. She ran her feet, still warm and soft in her knee-high socks, along his back and down his firm ass.
After a few minutes in this position, Kyle returned to the bed, and positioned Elizabeth on all fours. She wiggled her ass in front of him and he gave her cheeks a firm slap before he pushed his cock back into her. In and out, he pressed, as she arched her back and took him deeply within her. He reached down and unclasped her bra and tossed it aside and then grabbed her left nipple in his fingers causing her to let out a little whimper at the slight stinging pain.
As he pounded harder into her, she collapsed onto her stomach and he pressed his body into hers. She turned her head to the side towards his head and their lips met in a frenzied passion. He reached his right hand under her body and began rubbing her clit. The pressure from his hand and her body on the bed beneath her was bringing her close to orgasm. With a wave of expletives coursing from her mouth, she released an orgasm so strong that her body shuddered from her shoulders to her toes. "Holy!" Exhale! "Shit! Exhale! "Holy. Fucking. Shit."
Kyle pulled out of her, happy to have satisfied her and Elizabeth made her way onto her back with a happy sigh. "Happy Birthday to me," she let out with a laugh.
With a laugh, he replied, "Happy Birthday indeed. So if you blow on this, do you get to make a wish?" as he moved forward, straddling Elizabeth on his knees and positioning his cock at her mouth.
"I guess we'll see..." she said with a grin as she took his dick into her mouth. She licked his shaft and head, tasting her fluids on him, as he plunged his cock fully into her mouth and back into her throat. He held his cock there, before slowly pulling out, and as he did, she tickled her tongue along his length, before he eased back into her. She moved her hands to his ass, pushing him further into her throat, relaxing her body and her breath and resisting her gag reflex. Her tongue swirled around his cock as he pressed into her. As they continued this slow, sensual movement, Kyle let out a soft moan. She looked up to him, with his cock still in her mouth, to see a big satisfied smile on his face and she smiled back in return. A few more slow pumps of his cock into her mouth, and then he pulled out entirely and sat back on the bed.
"Gotta save room for more dessert after dinner," he said, leaning into her lips for a long embrace. "Ooh, I brought you a birthday present...lemme go get it," he said as he got up and went into the kitchen to retrieve the present.
He returned and plopped back on the bed next to her and presented her with a little bundle of gifts.
"Oooh, whadya' get me?" she asked as she began to unwrap the first present.
She carefully unwrapped the gifts: three little carefully thought out personal gifts that connected to their time together. She was pleased and impressed with the gifts and thanked him with a big kiss.
"I love them. Thanks," she said, smiling up at him.
"You're welcome," he said with a smile in return. "Happy Birthday."
With a big grin on her face, she leaned in for another kiss, followed by a series of soft, little kisses.
"You hungry?" she then asked as she leaned back.
"Mmm hmm," he replied with a nod.
"Me too. Let's go figure out what to get for dinner then," she said as they both got up and headed to the kitchen.
Still naked, they headed to the kitchen where Elizabeth was about to grab her laptop. Kyle, hungry for dinner, but evidently already hungry for more sex, pressed Elizabeth up against the kitchen island where he leaned in for a powerful kiss that practically enveloped her lips and mouth. The cold granite against her back was juxtaposed against the heat she was feeling from Kyle's body. He hurriedly pulled his lips away from hers and turned her around so she was facing the counter and he plunged his cock back into her.
"Oooooh!" she called out as he rammed his cock into her. She pulled her body more upright, her hands pressed against the counter, as he grabbed onto her shoulders and pulled her back towards him with every thrust.
In this moment, he was forceful, dominant, and strong and she loved being overtaken by his pure masculine power.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck," was all she could articulate as her breasts bounced with each thrust.
She looked back towards him and gave him a lustful smile and he returned the look with a fire in his eyes. He leaned down towards her and their lips came together, hurriedly, as he continued pressing his cock deep within her. His hands then slid from her shoulders, down to her breasts and he squeezed them tight. He withdrew his cock from her and spun her back around and embraced her in a powerful kiss, their tongues darting in and out of each other's mouths, their heated breaths shallow and fast.
They broke free from their passionate embrace and Elizabeth laughed a little. "Well then. I was thinking burgers for dinner but I see you had something else in mind," she said jokingly.
"I just needed a quick snack..." he returned with a smile, "but yeah, I could go for burgers."
Elizabeth grabbed her laptop and they headed into the living room. They placed their order and Elizabeth's phone immediately dinged with an order confirmation text. "Says it'll be here in about 30 minutes," she read out loud. "Gotta pee," and she hopped up off the couch and went to use the bathroom. She went to her bedroom after and put her panties back on and threw on a tank top and then headed back to the living room where Kyle was lying on the couch, still naked as a jaybird.
She lay on the couch next to him and laid a big kiss on his lips. "What should we do while we wait for dinner?" she asked knowing full well what they were going to do.
"I dunno," he muttered with a little shrug to his shoulders and raise of his eyebrows.
And then the two began to make out again keeping it strictly PG13 this time. They kissed long and passionately, their hands roamed over each other's bodies, their breaths were short and shallow and Elizabeth rubbed her pelvis against Kyle's thigh. They continued for a while, taking breaks every so often to catch their breaths and just caress one another's bodies with their hands before resuming their make-out session.
And then an alert went off on Kyle's phone in the kitchen.
"Ugh, that's a work alert. I should go check it," and he made his way to the kitchen to check his phone.
Elizabeth got up too and went over to the small mudroom right off of her kitchen and opened up the door slightly so the delivery driver would know where to drop the food. She then grabbed some drinks for them and got out some napkins and ketchup for dinner.
"Anything serious?" she asked as he put his phone away.
"No, thankfully nothing I have to deal with tonight."
"That's good," she said before taking a sip of her seltzer.
"Only thing I have to deal with tonight is you," he said to her in a super cheesy tone.
"You're such a dork," she teased. He chortled in response.
Elizabeth was leaning against the kitchen island and Kyle pressed his body up against hers, and their lips came together for a hungry kiss. He pulled away, then pushed her hair to the side and kissed all along her neck and to her ear before thrusting his tongue into her ear. "Mmmmmmmmmmm," she moaned, followed by a long, breathy exhale.
Kyle hooked his fingers into her boyshorts and began pushing them down and Elizabeth wriggled her legs until they were off and she tossed them aside. He then lifted Elizabeth onto the island and tilted her back slightly. The cold granite on her bare ass made her yelp a little. And then she let out an even louder yelp when he bent down and brought his tongue to her aching pussy. "Ooooooooooh god." He plunged his tongue into her slit and then up along her labia and then flicked her clit before sliding his tongue back down and repeating. Lick, slide, flick, slide, repeat. Over and over, he lapped her juices up, driving her absolutely wild.
Meanwhile, over the sound of Elizbeth's moans and shrieks, they failed to hear her phone in the other room ding with a text: Lucas is approaching with your food.
The sounds Elizabeth was emitting were driving Kyle wild and he needed his cock back inside her, like now. He eased his mouth off of her pussy, letting a string of saliva fall from mouth onto her before guiding her off of the counter and onto one of the backless stools sitting at the island. She propped herself on the edge of the stool and tilted back a little, gripping one hand behind her on the island while Kyle positioned his cock for her entry. With one hand on her shoulder and his other on the counter behind her, he plunged his dick into her wet and warm tunnel. "Oh fuuuuuuck," as his cock filled her up. He was thrusting fast and hard into her and she was groaning and crying out in pleasure.
And then there was a knock on the mudroom door. Elizabeth and Kyle paused and gave each other a wide eyed "oh crap!" look. Kyle began to ease out of Elizabeth, but then she grabbed his ass and held him inside of her. "Keep fucking me," she whispered.
"It's open," she called out. "You can just leave the food in the mudroom."
The idea of being seen while fucking turned them on both immensely and Kyle was thrusting even harder and faster now. Elizabeth turned her head to the side and saw the young 20-something delivery driver open the mudroom door. He looked to his left into the kitchen and did a double take. Elizabeth made eye contact with Lucas and gave him a smile and an approving nod of the head that said "it's ok, you can watch." Which he seemed to understand fully. He paused and stared at the two of them fucking hard and fast in the kitchen. Kyle turned his head to look towards Lucas, gave him a slight nod of the head too, and then returned his stare to Elizabeth as he continued fucking her hard. Kyle and Elizabeth exchanged a fiery, seductive look as Elizabeth reached down to her mound and began rubbing herself hard. "Oh god, oh god, oh god," she was shrieking as she felt a fiery orgasm welling up inside of her. At the same time, Kyle's breathing was getting more shallow and he was close to exploding.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuck, oh fuuuuuuuuck!" Elizabeth wailed as her body climaxed and shuddered.
And with that, Kyle's pace quickened and with a groan and deep exhale, he unloaded his cum into her.
"Oh yeah, oh yeah," Elizabeth urged him. There was something so sexy about when he came inside her. And after a few more grunts and thrusts, Kyle released his final ropes of cum inside of her before letting out a deep exhale, easing out of her, and bringing his lips to hers in a hot and fiery kiss. Elizabeth saw out of the corner of her eyes, Lucas exiting the mudroom.
With Kyle's cum dripping down her leg, Elizabeth scurried over the mudroom and popped her head out of the door as Lucas was just getting in his car.
"Thank you!" she yelled out holding the bag of food up in acknowledgement.
"Oh...um...thanks. I mean, you're welcome," he stammered, obviously a little flustered.
She chuckled, closed the door and came back into the kitchen and set the food on the counter.
Still out of breath a little, "That was pretty fucking hot, Mr. Walker."
"Uh yeah. Guess that guy got a little extra then that 20% tip we gave him," he responded with a little laugh.
"I'd say so. He's probably jerking off in his car right now" she chuckled as she grabbed a clean kitchen towel to sop up her cum soaked pussy. "Well, I don't know about you, but I'm starving," she said as she pulled her panties back on and sat down next to Kyle.
"So hungry," he said as he unwrapped his burger. "Cheers," he said tipping his burger to hers.
"Cheers," she responded in kind with a smile.
"So, did you get enough dessert for your birthday?" he asked in between bites.
"Oh, you know me. I could always go for more dessert...." she replied with a wink and sexy little smile.