I'm standing outside waiting for you to pick me up. You never pick me up, I know there's something planned.
Your car pulls around the corner and I climb in.
"Put this on under your sunglasses." you say as you hand me a small blindfold.
I take it and do as you say, hiding the strap under my hair. It's small but it works well enough.
We drive for a short while, chatting a little, but mostly in silence, I'm sure you're watching me squirm as I get wetter and wetter in anticipation.
Soon you stop the car, from what little light gets through the blindfold I know we're in a parking garage. You grab my bag and tell me to stay put until you open my door. Grabbing my arm you help me out of the car, and hand my purse back to me. With your arm around my waist you guide me toward the elevator.
Once in the elevator you grab my hair and pull my head down and hips back, bending me forward, my ass out and available to you. Quickly you spank me through my skirt, holding my hair so I can't lunge forward when the blows land. The elevator slows and you pull me upright again, stepping close behind as your hand moves up my skirt to my warmed ass.
The elevator stops and you look out quickly, before grabbing my hair to pull me forward. I stumble a few steps in my heels before regaining my balance. We walk down the hallway, I'm ahead of you as you guide me with a firm hand in my hair. We stop and I hear the beep and click of an electronic key being used in the door.
You open the door and push me through. I stop a few steps in as the door closes heavily behind us.
You push me against the wall and we kiss, hard, hungrily, before you break away and pull me to the floor to ceiling windows.
"Is this what you wanted?" you say as you push me against the window, my face hard against the glass. "To be shown off as the whore you are?"
I whimper as you reach around and grab my breasts through my blouse. Your hand travels up to my throat, gripping tightly.
"I said, is this what you want?"
"Yes." I breathe out, with what little air I can get around your hand at my throat.
"Good."
Your hand moves from my throat and back to my blouse. Pulling me back a step from the window, you tear open the top half of my blouse, exposing my bra underneath.
I'm pressed back against you as your hands slide inside my bra, your fingers finding my nipples hard beneath. Pinching gently you pull my nipples up, out of the bra cups, before pushing me back against the window. The rings of my piercings hit the glass with a small click, and I inhale as I feel the cold of the glass.
My breath leaves a small patch of fog on the window as you run your hands down my body. Finding the end of my skirt, your hands move up the back of my legs, my skirt catching on your wrists and moving up my thighs slowly. Your hands find my ass, still slightly warm from the spanking in the elevator. Sliding a hand along my ass you bring it between my legs.
"Good girl" you say, sliding your hand forward. "You really are a dirty whore, not wearing any panties. I love that your wet pussy has been barely hidden under this skirt the whole time."
Withdrawing your hand you bring your fingers to my lips, leaving a trail of my come on the window as you draw them across my mouth. I lick them clean, savoring my taste and scent on your hands.
Pulling your hand away you grab my hips, bending me forward as you pull them away from the window. Several hard spankings land on my exposed ass, leaving distinct prints at first that then blend together to a slight pinkness. I inhale sharply at the first couple, but start to whimper in pain mixed with pleasure by the last few.
Quickly you spin me around, pushing me back to the window. Holding my skirt up you makes sure that my now warm and pink ass is pressed against the cold glass.
The cold comes as a shock against the warm skin, and I tense and lean forward into you.
Pushing me back you grab my hair, pulling my head to the side.
Your lips are close as you ask: "Does that feel good against your hot little ass? Imagine what all the people below must think."
"You've been dressed for entirely too long."
Grabbing the front of my blouse you tear it open the rest of the way. Pulling it off, you throw it into a corner of the room. Next goes the bra, then the skirt you unzip before tearing it the rest of the way.
I'm left standing naked in my heels, my ass cooling against the window.
"I do enjoy you naked in front of me."
Your hands slide up my torso, stopping as you grab each breast firmly. You massage them momentarily, before grabbing my nipples, pinching them as you flick them with your index finger.
I shiver and whimper as you tease my nipples. Seeing my response you bend to suck and lick them. Grabbing a nipple gently between your teeth you toy with it, licking the tip as you roll it between your teeth before pulling back to tug on my piercings. The increased teasing makes me whimper more, and I try to pull my ever more sensitive nipples away from your attentions.
With your free hand you grab my arm, rising to press me against the glass with your body.
"Where do you think you're going?"
You turn me around again, stretching my arms up and out against the glass. Placing your hand between my thighs you push my legs wide, leaving me to balance precariously in my heels.
"Don't move." Your breath is warm in my ear.
I nod and whimper an affirmative, but you've turned away to your bag of ropes. I can hear you pulling them out as I rest my head on the glass, still blindfolded and getting wetter with each passing moment.
You press yourself behind me again, I can feel you reaching up near my hands. There's a soft click first on one side, then the other. You step back again, and this time when you return it's to pull my wrist down for your ropes. The ropes are smooth against my skin as you quickly tie my wrist. With the rope secured you bring my hand up again, and clip it to the industrial suction cup you'd put on the window moments earlier. My other wrist and both ankles are likewise tied, and I'm left standing pressed against the glass, unable to move. As a finishing touch, I feel your hands slide around my breasts, and you grab my nipple rings. Gently stretching them up, you hook the rings over two smaller suction cups on the window. Even the slightest of movements cause the rings to pull against my tender nipples.
Standing spread eagle, my pussy is against the window, the cold creeping down my clit piercing. I imagine you behind me, admiring your work. I feel your hands at my hips, pulling me back from the window what little I can manage. My nipples are stretched hard against the rings and I gasp at the sensation.
Your fingers find my freshly shaved pussy and pull the lips wide, and you push me forward again with your body weight. I'm pinned to the window, your fingers keeping my pussy open against the glass, your cock pressing hard into me through your jeans.
My breathing becomes ragged with arousal. You can feel me tensing and shifting against you, as I try to maneuver my pussy around your fingers.
"Such a dirty whore. So exposed and so turned on. It's too bad I don't get to show you off like this more often."
Finding my clit with your fingers you stroke it gently as I start to moan. As you start to tap it I struggle to push myself harder against your fingers.
"You're ready to cum, aren't you, slut?"
In response I just whimper, and continue to press against your fingers.
Your hand jerks away from my pussy, and I feel a sting as you slap my face.
"What was that?" and you slap me again.
"Yes." I exhale.
Your hand lands again across my cheek, and I try to flinch in response.
"Yes what?"
"Yes, please let me cum. I want to cum." I stammer through my ragged breathing.
"That's better. But I'm not ready to let you cum yet."
Lowering your hands, you find my ass and rub it gently. Stepping back you start to spank me, hard, stinging blows, first one cheek, then the next. I cry out each blow, and in the time between start to flinch in anticipation of the next one. My ass turns pink, darkening with each blow. You speed up, until you can tell I'm on the verge of real pain, my ass stinging and my nipples hard and sore from the cold of the glass and the tugging as I respond to each spanking. Stopping to caress my hot ass, you lean in.
"Can you take another?"
I hesitate for a moment before answering.
"Yes."
You land another sharp blow on my ass, watching as I flinch and squeal at the impact.
"Can you take another?"
Breathing in deeply, I exhale, "Yes."
Another blow lands, and again I flinch.
"Another?"
My ass is throbbing, stinging, and raw. I'm to the point where each blow is more pain than pleasure, but I want so desperately to please you. I know you love pushing my boundaries, watching me take the pain you give.
"Wait," I say, taking a few breaths. "Yes."
Quickly you spank me twice, once each cheek. I cry out and press forward as the blows land, and stay tensed against the glass until I feel your body pressed against me, your hands gently in my hair.
"You took a lot of spankings just now. That's my good girl."
For a moment you hold me, as I recover from the spanking I just received. Your jeans are rough against my raw ass, but it feels good to have your body pressed against me. You run your hands through my hair, then down my back to my ass. Stepping away you caress my ass gently, before moving your hands to my pussy.
"God, you are so wet."
As you start to play with my clit from behind you grab my hair with your other hand, forcing my face against the window. Soon I'm moaning and pressing back against your hand. Your finger slides back and forth against my clit, and my legs start to tense as my orgasm builds. My breathing becomes heavier as you keep rubbing, and I feel my wetness starting to drip down my thighs.
"You just squirted on my hand," you say, leaning closer. "You must be enjoying yourself."
My legs start to shake, going weak as I'm on the verge of orgasm. You slide a finger inside my pussy, and I tense around it as I squirt again.
"Please," I breathe.
"Please what?"
"Please fuck me."
"You want me to fuck you?"
"God, yes. Please. I want to feel your cock inside me. Fuck me."
Your hands pull away, and I'm left panting against the glass. I can hear you moving behind me, but the blindfold prevents me seeing anything.
I feel your hands on my hips again, and you slide your cock inside me. I gasp tense around it, starting to shake as you press yourself farther inside me. Slowly you pull back, and again, slowly forward.
"God your pussy feels so good. Is this what you wanted? Me to fuck you in this window?"
The reminder of where we are makes me even more desperate to cum, your cock feels so good. I try to fuck you harder, gripping your cock with my pussy, but your ropes are well placed and my nipples tender from moving. You continue your slow thrusts, enjoying my building frustration and desire.
"I could just let go and fuck you right now. Fuck you hard..."
"Please." I gasp. "Please fuck me."
"Mmm. As tempting as it is, I don't think my cock has received nearly enough attention for that yet."
You pull out, and I whimper to find my pussy empty and still throbbing with desire. Resting your cock between my still hot ass cheeks, your hands find my nipples and gently pull the piercings free of the suction cups. I sigh in relief as you gently massage them for a moment as I arch my back, pressing your cock against my ass.
Reaching up, you release the ropes from the suction cups holding them above my head. I press back into you as much as I can with my ankles still tethered, hoping you'll resume fucking me, desperate to have your body against mine and your cock inside me again.
You step away, and untie my ankles.
"Kneel."
I obey, and turn to kneel at your feet, mouth open, waiting for your cock. I feel the tip of it slide across my lips, and I open wider, trying to take you into my mouth as you rub your cock over my lips. You pull my head down, forcing me to lick the sides of your shaft, pulling me up and down along your length. After a minute you push me farther down, I lick the crease of your thigh before moving to lick and suck your balls. Finally you pull my head back up, and I take your cock in my mouth.
I slide my mouth down the length, my tongue working the shaft as I slide my lips up and down. You press forward and I slide all the way down, the head of your cock coming to rest in my throat while I continue to massage you with my tongue. You grab my hair and begin to thrust forward and back gently. Your cock slides in and out of my throat as you move, and I time my breathing to fall in with your rhythm. I lose myself in the rhythm of you, my tongue still working to massage your shaft. Enjoying your taste, having your cock in my mouth, the momentary loss of breath when you are deep in my throat. I suck and lick, hoping that you'll cum in my mouth, that I get to feel you shooting down my throat as I work do draw every last drop from your cock.
"I'm not ready to come yet," you say, pulling your cock out of my mouth.
I whimper and pout at not having access to your cock any more.
"Besides, we don't want that pussy to go unattended for too long."
Reaching down, you gently stroke my clit before sliding your fingers inside my pussy.
"Stand up" you say, keeping your fingers in my pussy as you pull me to my feet.
"Spread your legs."
I start to step my legs out, and your fingers start to leave my pussy.
"Farther."
I spread my legs farther, and am rewarded as I slide down again onto your fingers. You slide your fingers in and out of my pussy a few times, before running them up my slippery lips to my clit.
As you rub my swollen clit you kneel and re-tie my ankles. My reddened ass presses against the glass.
Standing, you tie my wrists behind my back, arms folded. Running the ropes up you anchor them to the upper suction cups. I'm balanced precariously in my heels, bent over with my ass against the window, kept from falling by the tension of the ropes at my wrists.
Walking to my bag you open it and begin removing toys. Selecting one, you return to where I'm suspended against the glass. I feel the cold silicone press against my lips as I open my mouth to accept the toy.
"My slut, you are so good with that mouth of yours."
Taking the toy from my mouth, you step beside me and push me forward as much as my arms and the ropes will allow. Positioning the toy near my pussy, you push its base to the window where it adheres. You slide it easily into my wet pussy, as I gasp as it fills me.
"Let's show everyone watching what a good pussy you have," you say as you remove my blindfold. Kneeling you grab my chin with your hand, bringing my head up to look into your eyes.
"Fuck your toy like it's my cock."
Tensing my shoulders I strain to pull myself up the length of the toy filling my pussy. I rock back and forth on it, the length sliding in and out, my cum coating the shaft.
"Such a pretty little whore. You fuck that cock so well."
Standing by the window you watch as my pussy glides along the toy. Reaching down you finger my clit, and I strain against the ropes to fuck myself harder. I start shaking and gasping as I get closer and closer to cumming. My shoulders start to ache from supporting my weight against the ropes.
Your hand leaves my clit for a moment, and you find my jeweled butt plug you'd set aside earlier. Applying a bit of lube you press it against my ass hole, your other hand returning to my clit.
I press forward, away from the cold glass of the plug pressed to my ass.
"I want you to take this," you say, massaging the tip of the plug into me, while your fingers stroke my clit.
I carefully rock back toward the plug, it's harder to get in with my pussy full. I try to pull forward but your hand follows me, pressing it in. It slides slowly, and I whimper as the flare enters. As you push the toy fully in I arch away as it slides suddenly home.
"Good girl. I haven't seen you this full before." Your hand is in my hair, pulling my head back as you speak softly in my ear. I whimper at your praise.
Your hand leaves my clit as you step in front of me, presenting your hard cock.
"Look at me."
I do my best to look up at you, licking the head of your cock, and along its shaft. Finally I take you in my throat, as your hands grab my hair firmly. You fuck my mouth, your cock sliding along my throat, occasionally lodging deep as I hold my breath and massage you with my tongue.
As you fuck my throat the dildo slides in and out at the same rhythm, the jewel of the putt plug taps occasionally against the window. I start to cum, gasping around your cock, my body shaking as I keep licking and sucking your cock. You push forward as your own orgasm starts, your cock lodges deep in my throat as you start to cum. Swallowing, I work your shaft with my tongue, coaxing every last drop of cum from you as your orgasm subsides.
You hold your cock in my mouth just a moment longer, before withdrawing and untying me. You pull me forward off my toy and it stays attached to the window, wet with cum. We walk the few steps to the bed and fall into it, my head on your shoulder, cuddling and caressing while anticipating round two...