I have been a nudist my entire life, and have loved living it. There is no greater freedom than walking outside and feeling the warmth of the sun over every single portion of your body. It revitalizes you and keeps you in tune with all of nature around you. I had dreamed of finding someone else to share this life with, but wasn't sure how to go about doing it. So I decided to try online dating, just to see where it would go.
I posted my profile on a couple different free websites, always making sure that my love for nudity was presented front and center. I kept at it for what must have been three or four months before I finally found someone who also said she was into nudism and we started to chat.
Emma lives about an hour and a half north of me so I knew right away it was going to be difficult to sustain any type of relationship-if it was to grow into one. She was also 10 years younger than I am. I had been in a previous relationship with such an age gap and it did indeed make a difference, so much so that it was one of the main reasons that relationship ended. So although curious as to what was going to happen, I was very leery at the same time.
After talking for about a month we finally agreed to meet. I was surprised when she suggested I come up to her place and she would cook dinner for us. We agreed to meet that Saturday at two o'clock which was good for both of us as our kids were at each other's parent for weekend visitation. So that Saturday I made the trek north, and just a couple minutes past two I pulled into her driveway.
She lived on the corner of a small neighborhood, a two story brick house that appeared like a one story in the front but was clearly a two story from the back. There was a small creek that ran behind the house that you could tell would overflow if it rained to heavily. I parked my car next to hers and walked up to the door.
She must have seen me pull up because as I approached the front step she opened the door. She smiled and said I look just like my photo and was glad I hadn't lied about that. She stepped to the side and invited me in.
Emma was wearing a white plush robe, and as she stared walking to the kitchen she slid it off and laid it on one of the kitchen chairs and just like that she was naked in front of me. I was a bit astonished that things would evolve so quickly but decided to not look a gift horse in the mouth. I asked if I could join her in disrobing, and she said of course, and told me to fold my clothes and put them on one of the chairs in the living room. I am not sure what it was, but something about the way she talked gave me a bad feeling. Maybe it was nerves, but I definitely felt something.
I had brought a few drinks with me that she had requested and we sat at the table and started to talk. She was working on preparing some food while we talked, and we started to get comfortable with each other. Since we have already been talking for a while our conversation flowed pretty smoothly, and time passed quickly. She took a couple steaks out of the refrigerator and asked me to go on the patio and light the grill.
The patio was just off the living room, through sliding glass door. I pushed it open and walked through, seeing the grill just off to my right. I started it with no problems and stood there admiring the view. Emma came out with the steaks and put them on the grill and came and stood next to me. She told me how she loved the relative solitude she had back here, and often came out here to sun. I told her I understood as I could just feel nature all around us, and I was kind of jealous, I wished I had this private a back yard. We continued to talk until dinner was done, and carried the steaks back inside.
The night ended about 9pm, and as I got dressed to leave she said she was glad we had met. She couldn't believe how comfortable she was around me, but maybe next time we met we could go do something. I told her I also had a good time, but didn't tell her about that little nagging feeling inside me, and agreed to keep talking and see what happened.
Driving home, I thought about the day and wondered what it was that was bothering me. I suddenly realized that it wasn't one big thing that struck me, it was a bunch of little things that led to one big one. I realized she liked to be in control, almost to the point of being freakish. She did it in a way that almost covered it up, but you never quite could. I thought of little things throughout the day and smiled as I connected the dots. I knew we weren't compatible then, I couldn't stand to be controlled in that way. But at least I knew, and maybe we could remain friends.
A couple weeks passed by and we had talked on and off. Eventually we talked about our get together and we agreed that we both felt we weren't compatible in a relationship sense, but could be friends. She wanted to explore more of her nudity and was comfortable and secure enough around me that she asked if we could do some things together. I asked her what she had in mind, and she said there is a car show going on next weekend at a nude resort, and since we didn't have our kids that weekend would I like to go with her? I am not a car nut, but appreciate the beauty of older cars, so I said it sounds like fun. She said she had all the camping gear we would need so not to worry about anything. She gave me a couple things to pick up and we agreed to meet Friday night after the kids left.
That Friday I pulled into her driveway, and she had her car already packed. I added the items she had requested I pick up into the trunk and we left for the two and a half hour drive. Our realization of our non attraction made it easier for us, and there wasn't much tension on the trip, just an excitement to be nude until Sunday.
We drove through the gate and up to the shack that served as a type of gate house. We got out and immediately took off our clothes, folded them and placed them on the backseat. I took my wallet in and we went inside to register and I paid the fee for us to get in. We were assigned a camping spot, given a map, and told to enjoy the weekend.
We drove to our spot, and looked around. I had been to two previous nudist camps and this one wasn't much different. Everyone was basically my age or older, Emma looked to be one of the younger ones there. I glanced at her as we sent up the tent and smiled, wondering if she was going to get hit on this weekend and how she would take it.
Emma is half Mexican, half American. She has the darker skin tone that had a shimmer to her body as the sunlight glinted off her skin. She had average sized breasts, probably a C cup, but very large nipples that seemed to naturally poke out. She was of average weight, not thick but not thin-to me almost the perfect weight. Her butt though was a bit flat, it lacked the firm roundness that appealed to most guys. Although she isn't perfect, I was sure she would pick up a few phone numbers.
This camp was just a little different than the others I had been to. Usually it is hard for a guy to get into a camp alone without having a woman as an escort, but because this was a car show it seemed the rules were a bit relaxed. Also, camps generally give you a family atmosphere feeling, but this one felt a bit more wild. But there was a lot of drinking going on, so I didn't really think too much about it. After getting everything ready for the night, we started a campfire and went about meeting our neighbors.
We had a good time that evening, occasionally splitting up and then meeting again after a few minutes. The drinks flowed, voices carried loudly over the open field, and music of all different types was coming from different tents. Everyone was open and sharing, and we were having a great time until midnight came, which was the hour set for the night to end and we all went back to our tents to get some rest for the next day.
Emma told me about some of the guys she met, and I laughed at her. I asked her if she had come to look at the cars or the people. She giggled and said both she supposed, and she hoped the cars looked as good as some of the guys and girls she saw tonight. It was a funny comment, the way she said it sent a vibe through me, but this was a good one. I had the impression that maybe she was bisexual, and the thought got me little hard. At least it was dark so she couldn't see it and ask questions.
The next morning there was a communal breakfast and then came the car show. We spent the morning and most of the afternoon going around talking to people about their cars, admiring all the hard work they have put into them. Then we came up to a car one of our tent neighbor's had brought and started looking at it.
Connie and Rich were from Illinois and had driven 6 hours to get here. Connie was about 5'6", dark brown shoulder length hair, and has what I consider to be just an amazing body. I glanced down at her ass, and it was perfectly round, in perfect proportion her breasts which looked to be about a 38 C or D. Rich was about 5'11", and was just average, nothing special to about him really of note. A good looking man for sure, but as I looked at him I wondered how he landed such a beauty for a wife.
As we walked around the car, I couldn't help but notice how close Connie would come to me, sometimes her hips would sway and bump into me, and at times as we bent over to look at something I could feel her nipples grazing my back or arm.
I could feel myself getting larger, fighting against the urge for my cock to swell to a full erection. It didn't help that when Rich would reach across to show us something I felt his hand brush against my ass or even once or twice against the head of my cock. It was funny because as I glanced over at Emma she was looking at my cock and noticed how her pussy glistened in the sun with wetness.
Seeing Emma like that was both a turn on and a turn off. Knowing I could turn her on was cool, but when I remembered who she was it actually helped keep my erection from becoming full. Still, as I glanced at her one last time I couldn't help but wonder what she be like in bed.
The show was winding down, and we headed back toward our tents to start the evening festivities. Fires were started and the aroma of food cooking filled the air. As I started our fire, Connie and Rich came up and asked if we wanted to cook together, they had brought to much and would like to share. We said sure, sounds good, and they went to grab their stuff.
We started drinking some beer as we cooked, and the chatting was warm and friendly. We felt as if we had known each other for a few years, just not a couple days. After dinner was done the drinking continued and the talking slowly started to change to flirting. I could see Emma getting excited but there was a nervousness in her eyes. Suddenly she excused herself saying she needed to use the restroom, got up and walked quickly away.
Connie and Rich were laughing as they watched her walk away, saying how funny people react differently to flirting, and they definitely read her wrong. They thought she would be more open to it, even returning the flirting more than what she was doing. Connie brought me another beer, and as she leaned down to give it to me she dangled her breasts in front of me. Rich asked what I thought about them and I told them there isn't anything about her that doesn't seem perfect. Connie smiled and said thanks for that, she knows she has her flaws but is glad I like what I see.
Rich moved closer to where we were and he said he had a confession. He said he and Connie were swingers, and we had definitely caught their attention. The fact that we weren't a couple didn't both them, in fact it didn't even have to be a couple to get their attention. He said he noticed how I was fighting an erection earlier, and Connie and him had agreed it looked like a cock worth sharing. Emma would have been a nice addition, but I was the main course.
By now it had grown mostly dark, and we were feeling pretty good, our inhibitions had pretty much disappeared. Rich reached over and started stroking my cock as I sat a bit dumbfounded, not believing my good luck. I grew hard quickly and Connie looked down saying that there was what they wanted to see, and started rubbing her clit as she watched him stroke me.
I reached out and squeezed Connie's ass, telling her I have been wanting to do that all day long. Rich laughs and says it is one of his favorite things about her too. I draw her toward me and bury my face into her pussy and start licking her, wanting so desperately to know if she tastes even half as good as she looks. I felt Rich's strokes change just a little, and realized me must be stroking his cock and mine at the same time. My cock started aching at the thought, it almost hurt it was so hard.
Connie suggested we move into the tent and get more comfortable and we quickly moved onto their air mattress. I laid down and Connie sat on my face backward, as if about to do a 69 with me, but I saw her pull Rich down toward us. She grabbed him and started kissing him as I licked her and sucked and bit her clit. Soon she was moaning lightly and the next thing I knew my cock was in a mouth, and it wasn't long before I realized Connie had pushed Rich's head down and he started sucking me.
Connie's body shuddered as she came on my face, and I licked her until she finally stopped. She had a very sweet taste, which I thought was fitting for someone who looked so sweet. She pulled up off me and I could see Rich on all fours sucking on me like there was no tomorrow. Connie smiled at me and said sucking cock was one of his favorite things and he would do it all day if she let him. But she needed more so she pulled his head up and told him to move, she wanted to see how tightly I would fill her pussy. Rich came around and his cock was hard, I thought it had to be close to 8 inches.
I grabbed Rich by the ankle and pulled him toward me as Connie slid down on top of me. I reached up and grabbed his cock and pulled it down, causing him to get on his knees in front of me. I took swallowed his cock as Connie rode me, and I heard her gasp as she watched.
But it wasn't Connie who had gasped that loudly. Emma had returned and looking for us had discovered us in the tent. I looked at her rubbing herself as she watched the three of us.
Connie glanced around and smiled at her, telling her it was about time she showed up. Connie held out her hand and told Emma to come to her. Emma inched forward until she was within Connie's reach. Connie grabbed her and brought Emma toward her, sucking on Emma's nipples while she rode my hard pole.
I watched as Emma's face started to glow. Connie leaned into her sliding off me but pulling Emma down onto the mattress. Connie's face slid down into Emma's pussy as Emma's hands went up to her nipples, feeling where Connie's mouth had just been.
I pulled Rich's cock out of my mouth and used it to guide him around me. It only took a few yanks and I had his cock lined up to my ass, and I started pulling him into me. I glanced over and saw Emma and Connie watching us as Connie continued to licked Emma, their eyes so bright I thought they would light up the entire inside of the tent. Rich groaned as his cock slid deep inside my ass, and soon was stroking a strong slow rhythm.
Connie looked up and told Rich wait until he feels me inside of him. He has a great cock, a lot of fun to ride. She looked at Emma and said how she was a fool for not fucking me, she didn't know what she was missing. Emma looked a little guilty and said she wanted to before, even masturbated thinking about my cock being inside her, but knew how I felt so she never acted on it. Connie just laughed and said you don't need to have love to have sex, you just need a cock and a pussy.
I felt Rich's cock starting to pulse and could tell he was going to cum. He tried to pull out but I grabbed him and told him I wanted him to fill my ass with his hot cum. The thought must have excited him to the brink because all of a sudden he exploded deep inside me and I could feel him filling me. And just when I thought my cock couldn't get harder...
I told Rich to get on his hands and knees and moved around behind him. I slid my cock into his ass and started to tease him. I moved the head of my cock just inside his ass, sliding it in and out. Slowly I started to add more, just little by little. Soon I was half way inside him when suddenly I felt a push from behind. Emma had reached out and pushed me, causing me to slide all the way into Rich, rocking him forward. She wanted to see me fuck him like I would fuck her. She kept telling me to go harder and faster, so I obliged her. I had no problem doing whatever Connie or Emma wanted- I am happy to put on a show. I could feel the cum starting to build and I asked what they wanted me to do. Emma told me she wanted to see me spew cum all over his back, so when the time came I pulled my cock out of his ass, and in a couple strokes was shooting my hot cum all over Rich's back.
Rich and I collapsed on the mattress and we started cleaning up as we watched the girls work each other over. Emma and Connie exchanged moans and orgasms at least 5 times. Soon Rich and I were both hard again, stroking each others cocks as we watched.
Connie whispered something to Emma and they looked over at us. Emma pulled Connie's head toward her, we heard her say yes, and then kissed Connie. They got up and came over to us.
Connie moved our hands off each others dicks and she started to suck Rich while Emma sucked my cock. I looked down and wondered how I felt about it and realized Connie was right. You don't need to love to have sex so I reached down and pulled Emma up on top of me. She reached down and grabbed my cock, sliding it into her pussy. I heard her gasp and sigh as she sat down on my, grinding her pussy against my base and shaft.
Connie and Rich were rocking beside us and suddenly we heard the air mattress pop! We all busted laughing and suddenly I felt Emma shudder on top of me. I looked up at her as her back arched, and I felt every ounce of her weight bearing down on my cock, pushing it as deep inside her as she could take it. I looked over as I heard Connie also starting to cum on Rich, and as I saw his ass come up off the ground thrusting in her, I came hard, fast, and deep inside Emma, and she collapsed on top of me exhausted.
Rich rolled Connie over and climbed on top of her. We watched them have sex and we could see Rich was about to cum. Connie whispered something in his ear and he smiled at her, then pulled out of her.Stroking his cock he quickly went up to Connie's mouth where she grabbed his ass and pulled his cock toward her mouth. We saw cum starting to shoot out the head of his cock into her mouth and she hungrily swallowed all of it. As he finished she licked around the head of his cock, trying to make sure she got every bit.
We all laid there for a few minutes, trying to catch our breaths, and cool our bodies down. I started laughing again and said sorry about the air mattress again, which made everyone laugh again. They said it was so worth it, and they always had an extra with them just for such emergencies.
We ended up going back out to the fire, drinking a few more beers, and laughing until the call came for quiet again. Emma and I went back to our tent happy and content. Our relationship didn't change, we just remained friends, just every do often there were added benefits when we remembered that night.