I got an e-mail yesterday, it was from an older woman asking if I would be interested in taking her for a motorcycle ride.
I thought it was spam but replied anyway. A few min later I received a reply. I opened it to find a phone number so I called it and we talked a while and I agreed to take her for a bike ride.
I drove to her house to picked her up. She was about 52 yo and was five foot three inch and one hundred thirty pounds. She wore no make-up and was dressed in jeans and a T shirt and had long dark hair.
We talked a few minutes and got on the bike to go for a ride. It was a warm day and we road for about twenty minutes then she says, "There is a small park off to the right."
I down shift and turn on the blinker as we turn into the park. We spot a table in the shade and pull up next to it to park. We rest from the hot sun and make small talk.
Before long we get thirsty and she suggest, "We can go back to my house for a drink." We climb back on the bike and return to her house.
We go inside to cool off and get a drink. We talk a bit and and I say, "I guess I should be going soon."
Her reply shocked me, "Can I suck your cock before you go?"
Not one to turn down a blowjob I replied, "Yes."
She knelt down in front of me and unbuckled my belt, unbuttoned my jeans and pulled the zipper down. I lifted my ass and she slid them down below my knees. She lowered her face to my cock and started licking it to erection.
Cupping my balls in her hand she started working her mouth up and down my hardening cock. Soon she pushed the fat mushroom head back into her throat taking it deeper with each thrust.
She sucked with enthusiasm going deep every few strokes and licking the head with her tongue when she comes up. I could tell she enjoyed giving head.
I relaxed back onto the couch letting her do her thing with my cock in her mouth. She continued for about twenty minutes.
My cock was throbbing hard and I could feel the cum boiling in my balls. "I'm warning you if you keep that up you're going to get a mouthful." I said.
Without taking it out of her mouth she replied, "Please do, I want to taste you."
I relaxed and let her continue sucking me. Before long I could feel it getting ready to erupt. My body was starting to stiffen and my toes were curling up.
She noticed it too and picked up her pace.
She was deep throating it faster and deeper till it exploded in her mouth, hot cum was squirting into her mouth.
A drop was escaping from the corner of her mouth and she licked it up and back into her eager mouth. She licked my cock clean and got up smiling.
I asked her, "Do you like to suck cock and swallow cum?"
"Yes I do, I was married twice and have only been fucked about a dozen times in my life. Once we were married they both just had me suck them off about once a week. I have only had sex with four different men in my life."
I asked, "Why did you picked me to contact?"
"I was looking online and saw your profile and read some of your post and wanted to meet you and suck your cock, so I emailed you."
"Well thanks for a great blowjob." I said.
"To be honest I have never done anything like this before. Lately I have realized I want to try a few more things before I get to much older."
"What kind of things? Like a bucket list?" I asked.
"Well I have a few fantasies I would like to make reality. I'm not sure I can say them out loud, but it you want to know I will send you a message with a few of them."
"Sure send them to me I like making fantasies cum true."
Now that the tingling had worn off I stood and pulled my jeans up and fastened them. We walked out to the bike and she kissed me goodbye.
I rode home with a smile on my face. By the time I got home and checked my mail she had sent a message with a short list.
1. I would like to have a few men show up at once and I get to suck them all off one at a time as the others watched.
2. I would like to have a threesome with two guys.
3. I want to go to an adult theater and suck and fuck while being watched by strangers.
I replied to her the same evening and typed, "I would be happy to help you with your list if you truly want to."
She replied, "Thank you so much for offering to help me work on them. I will look forward to hearing from you."
The next week I had a job over by her house. It was a heavy job so I took a younger friend with me as he was out of work and I could use the help. We went to the job and got it finished quicker than expected.
I told Tyler, "We can go home early or if you wanted we could go see a older woman I know close by and she would suck and fuck us both, Your choice?"
He said, "If I go home early my mom will put me to work so lets go see what we can get into."
I pulled my phone out and dialed her, "Hey there hows your day going?" I asked.
"Just sitting home bored."
"Well my friend and I just finished work up the road a bit and if you want to check off number two on your list we can be there in fifteen minutes." I say.
"Really you would do that?"
"Yes we can be there soon."
"Ok I will get in the shower and be ready."
"Well don't wear much clothing. Maybe a pair of panties and a thin shirt without a bra."
"Ok, anything you want."
After a short ride there we go inside and she was wearing blue panties and a thin white wife beater tank top.The nipples were hard and poking thru the thin material. Tyler was looking at her tits when I introduced him to her.
"This is the kinky bitch and this is Tyler"
"How about showing us them titties" I asked.
She pulled it up over her head and dropped it on the floor. Now standing in front of us in just panties.
"Wow, Nice tits." I said. They were a C cup and had nice nipples.
"How about we all go to the bedroom?" She asked.
We followed her to the bedroom. We both got undressed and laid on the bed naked. She crawled up between my legs and started sucking my cock hard.
Tyler reached over and played with her tits. She sucked me a few minutes then shifted to him and took his cock in her mouth. I watched as she sucked him.
She switched the cock in her mouth every few minutes back and forth from one to the other.
Tyler ask, "Can I lick your pussy?"
She rolls onto her back and he crawled between her legs and removes the blue panties. He starts to lick her pussy. I moved to her mouth with my hard cock and she sucked it while he licks her.
I relax and close my eyes. Tyler says, "She has a tight pussy." He is working his finger into her tight pussy hole.
I sit up to see him fucking her pussy with one finger. It looks tight. He removes his finger and nods toward me I slide my finger in and he is correct she has a tight hole. I assume it is from lack of getting fucked.
Tyler says, "Can I fuck your pussy?"
She reaches to the nightstand removes a condom and hands it to Tyler without saying a word.
She gets up on her hands and knees and takes my cock into her hot wet mouth yet again. Tyler puts the rubber on and gets behind her and rubs his hard cock up and down her wet slit before sliding it into her pussy.
"Oh my this is a tight hole." He brags.
My cock feels great in her mouth. I like how when he thrust into her, she swallows more of my cock. She is bouncing back and forth on both cocks.
We stay that way for quite a while, both cocks pumping her at both ends. I reach over to her to squeeze her nipples. She slides my cock deeper into her throat.
Her hips are twisting now as she speeds up her pumping. Before to much longer she can feel Tyler getting ready to cum.
She spits out my cock from her mouth and tells him "I you want to cum in my mouth I will swallow it."
He pumps a few more strokes then pulls his cock out of her and is removing the rubber as she turns around to suck his cock.
I pick up a condom from the nightstand and put it on and get behind her and slide my cock into her freshly fucked pussy. After a few strokes I grab her by the hips and push deeper into her feeling her muscles on my rigid cock lets me know how far Tyler had been in her.
Now I was stretching her at the bottom of each stroke. Feeling the squeeze of her thighs let me know I was hitting bottom.
I lean over her and whisper "What a good little slut you are taking two cocks at the same time. Come on you kinky bitch suck the cum from his cock and swallow it while I watch and fuck your pussy."
She is taking him deep in her mouth and sucking hard on his cock. I look over at him and can tell he is close.
"Yeah, You kinky bitch get the cum from that young cock. Push it down your throat take it, make it cream. I want to watch you eat his hot cum"
I pound her wet pussy faster now holding her by the hips and talking to her, "Thats a good bitch take both of these cocks make them cum you kinky bitch!"
Tyler grabs her head and stiffens up. He is cumming in her mouth."Thats a good kinky bitch." I tell her as she swallows his cum.
He pulls his cock from her mouth. That is my cue I start speeding up faster and faster with every stroke banging the bottom of her pussy beating it up with my throbbing cock for about five more minutes before pulling out of her hole and removing the condom in time to spray my load of cum into her open mouth.
We all lay a few minutes on the bed in silence. We get up and start dressing, Tyler heads onto the front porch to have a smoke.
I ask her, "So how did you like that?"
"It was great, better than my fantasy."
"Good, I'm glad you enjoyed it. Lets go out to join him for a smoke." Walking toward the porch I tell her, "I want you to thank Tyler before we leave. Tell him how glad you are he fucked you."
We join him on the porch and I puff on a cigar.
When we are about to go she walks to him and says "I want to tell you thanks for fucking me and feeding me your load of cum. I really enjoyed it."
Her face is red from telling him thanks. I give her a kiss on the forehead and I say, "Thanks for having us."
We climb in the truck and head home.
The next weekend I am out riding motorcycle with a bunch of biker friends and when we stop for a break at a local bar we drink a beer and talk.
One of the guy says we need to go somewhere and hang out a few hours till it cools off. Two of the guys say they have to head home. We part ways with them and that leaves four guys and me at the bar.
While we talk one of them mentions he needs to get laid. I say, "We can all take a short ride to a friends house and she will give each of us a blow job."
We talk about it for a while then I ask,
"Well who wants to go get a blowjob?"
While they mull it over I call the kinky bitch and ask, "Are you ready to do number 1?"
"Yes, I will take a shower and be ready when you get here."
"Ok, but don't wear anything. I want you naked when we walk in so leave the door unlocked."
I turn back to the guys, "She is taking a shower guys will be clean and naked when we get there. So who's going?"
Looking around I see four thumbs up. We head to the bikes and out to her place. When we arrive we walk in and sit in the living room feeling the cold air from the air conditioning.
She walks into the kitchen naked as the day she was born. Grabs a tray and puts five beers on it to bring to the living room. She circles the room handing each guy a beer.
Setting the tray down she kneels in front of Frank and takes his cock out and starts sucking it. We watch as she blows him hard and starts to deepthroat his six inch cock.
Less than five minutes has passed when Frank grabs her head and twist in a orgasam filling her with his cream.
She rises from him and moves to the next guy Tony. Taking his cock out she starts licking it, till it swells then takes it in her mouth to suck. Tonys cock is a bit longer than Franks but is much bigger around.
From watching I would say she likes the fat cock better. She takes her time with it stroking up and down it slowly as if to enjoy it more.
She sucks his cock for about fifteen minutes. Then he grabs her by the tits and pumps hard in her mouth then grunts as he spits his seed in her mouth. She swallows and licks him clean.
She moves to Paul next taking his cock out her eyes lit up. He has a long fat cock and it isn't even hard yet. She has a smile as she licks his balls first. His cock slowly begins to stiffen.
She licks his cock for a long time before swallowing half of it in one gulp. Slowly working up and down his fat cock.
Paul is the oldest in our group. He has a long white beard. Little did we know but even his pubic hair was turning white.
I joke, "He is so old his cum will be dust."
Even Paul has a chuckle at that one. While she is sucking him, I go to the kitchen and return with another round of beers. Handing one to each of the guys, and put Paul's on the table by him.
She slowly deepthroats his big fat cock. Taking her time enjoying his cock sliding into her throat with each stroke. After about twenty minutes of this Paul puts his hand on the back of her head and pulls her down deeper and harder with each stroke.
Before long she is gagging on his cock and he shoots his load deep into her throat. We can all hear her gasping to swallow his cum and trying to get a breath at the same time. She licks him clean.
She rises from his cock and walks to the kitchen and gets a bottle of water. She is sipping it as she returns to the living room. She stops in front of Willy.
Willy is the youngest of the group at about twenty four and also he is the only one that is black. He stands and drops his jeans to show off his long black cock to her.
She drops to the floor when he sits and starts licking up the sides of the long cock. She licks his large balls and up and down the sides of his cock as he swells up hard.
Taking the head into her wet mouth she slides it into her throat and slides down so far she gauges her self. Removing it from her mouth she licks the head with her tongue slobbering all over his big black cock head.
Slowly she swallows the shaft again pumping it in and out. She takes a few short strokes then a long slow deep one and repeats it several times.
Willy says, "Damn, this bitch can suck a dick!"
He leans back on the sofa relaxing as she changes up her tempo on his throbbing cock. She reaches to his balls and takes them in her hand fondling them as she sucks.
After a few minutes Willy says, "Lick the head with your tongue and hold your mouth wide open."
Following his directions she licks the swollen head with her mouth open. Her drool is covering the cock head and running down his long shaft as she licks it faster and faster till he stiffens up and starts shooting thick gobs of creamy cum into her open mouth.
She closes her mouth around the head not wanting to lose a single drop of his Juices. She swallows it down and and licks his cock clean before standing.
Moving now to stand in front of me she looks at me with a big smile. I stand and lower my levis and sit back down in the chair.
She kneels and licks my cock up and down making it stir. Before long she takes it into her mouth and sucks the head while flicking it in her mouth with her tongue.
After a while she slides her wet lips down the sides of my shaft taking it to the back of her mouth and twisting her head sideways to slide back up and continues to twist and suck it.
Suddenly she tilts her head and pushes it into her throat and slowly takes it deeper to the point of gauging then rises to the head to lick it again.
She spits the swollen head out of her mouth and lowers to lick my balls. Then returns to my cock licking it up and down the sides for a long while before sucking it back into her mouth. Her hand cupped my full balls tugging and twisting them as she swallows my cock into her throat again.
I ask her, "Have you ever had your throat fucked?"
She turns her head side to side to answer without releasing my cock from her mouth.
"Lay on the coffee table with your head hanging over the edge and your mouth open"
She does and I slide my throbbing cock back in her mouth and push it in and out a few times. When I go to push deeper she raises her hand to my cock.
I tell her, "No put your hands under your butt and keep them there."
Seconds later her hands are wedged under her ass.
"Thank you, now I'm going to fuck your throat with my hard cock and your going to hold your mouth open and let me."
She nods yes and opens her mouth wide. I start slowly stroking my cock in and out of her open mouth. Soon I am touching the back of her mouth and finally I push my cock deeper into her throat and pull it back and forth several times before removing it only to start again.
I then fuck her a bit harder and feel her start to gag before pulling it out again. Several times I stop then start again getting a bit rougher each time. Finally I start again and feel her relax and slide even more of my cock down her throat. I feel her breathing thru the narrow passage way.
I stop again and say "this time I going to fuck it till I cum in your throat. I want you to let me cum deep inside. I want to see your eyes when it shoots cum into your belly. You must swallow it all. Do you understand?"
Again she nods and opens her mouth. I fuck her mouth slow and increase till I'm filling her mouth every stroke of my cock. Now I push into her throat and pull back to push again and start pumping faster in and out of her throat.
I keep pushing my cock deeper in her until I see a single tear running out of her eye. Then I know the depth and fuck her faster and faster till my cock starts to shoot my cum on the down stroke.
I hold it down fully in her throat as my spurts of cum spill down into her stomach. I pull my cock from her mouth and she licks it off as I move away to sit back in the chair. She gets up from the table and drinks from her water bottle.
We finish our beers and get ready to leave.
She hasn't said a word since we had been there. Guess her mouth was busy.
She says, "I want to thank every one of you guys for feeding me your cum! I really enjoyed it."
We got on our bikes and rode out her drive.
We soon break in smaller groups with bikes turning off to get home. Paul and I ride together to my house.
When we get stopped Paul laughs and said, "I thought the kinky bitch didn't speak. She never spoke while we were there. When we were leaving and she thanked us I was surprised to hear her speak."
"She is a shy one and usually won't speak in front of others. I told her to thank you guys." We hang out about a hour and he heads off home also.
The next Monday I called and asked her, "are you ready for number three?"
"Yes just tell me what I need to do and I will be ready."
"You must be freshly bathed and shaved and dressed by Eight o'clock on Wednesday evening. You must be dressed like a slut with no panties or bra. Access to your tits and pussy should be easy."
"You mean you want me to shave my pussy? Yes I can be ready on wednesday by eight."
"Good, I suggest you start shaving the pussy early, it make take a few attempts, just make sure it is fresh shaved again on wednesday. Punishment in the form of a public spanking may be used if I feel your not dressed slutty enough or if your not ready on time."
I Arrived to pick her up two minutes before eight. Walking in I see her in this almost see thru thin black dress. It has a zipper from the cleavage down to the waist line, about six inches of material from the zipper till the hem.
She has it unzipped two inches below her breast. If she leans forward her tits will be seen. The hem is short and if she bend over she will be showing her ass. I have her lift the dress for me to check her shave job and see she has done a good job.
We head out the door for the drive to the adult theater. Before we get out of town I have her suckng my cock while I drive.
I pull into a gas station and she sits up to look around. I put my cock away and hand her Twenty dollars and send her in to pay for the gas. I watch as she walks past the few guys standing by the door they seem to be looking at her. Two of them follow her into the store.
I pumped the gas and watched as she returned noticing she had a red face and was looking down. Finished we pull back into the road to continue our ride.
The truth is we didn't need any gas. I wanted her to get a chance to show off before we got there.
"So what happened inside the store? Why was your face red?" I quizzed her.
"Well when I went in there was a line so I got in it. The guys in line turned and looked at my cleavage and one asked, do you like to show them tits. I told him yes and a few more guys moved closer to me. Will you show us he said next. So I lowered my zipper a bit more and spread it open so all of them had a view of my naked titties. When I heard the flash of cameras I closed my dress and raised the zipper.
The line parted and they motioned me to the front. Standing at the counter I handed the man the bill and said pump two. The guy at the counter said, I missed what you were showing in line. Want to show me? I told him Sure thing, if you give me a pack of these cigars. I said picking up a pack of your cigars. He nodded and I unzipped again and shower him my naked tits. Then I zipped and walked out. Here is your cigars."
"Did you enjoy showing them?" I asked.
Her face was again turning red, "Yes." she said.
I took the pack of cigars opened one and lit it to puff as I drove. Traffic was light and we made the trip quickly.
Once there I have her walk in front of me into the theater and I say, "Go look at all the toy cocks in that display case."
Off she walks to look as I stroll around the lobby checking things out. Walking back to her I see a guy looking at her cleavage.
"Well are you ready to go see a movie?" I ask.
She leads the way as I follow her to the doors. I step in front of her to open the door. We walk inside only to be blinded by the darkness when the door closes.
We stand still while our eyes adjust then move to a open couch to sit and watch the movie. Once my eyes adjust I can see there is two other couples and several single men scattered about.
On the screen is a big chested blonde getting fucked by a black man with a huge cock. Before long she leans over and takes out my cock to start licking and sucking it.
Soon two men move closer to watch so I pull the back of her dress up to reveal her ass to their view. She never flinches. One of the guys moves to the couch next to the one we are on. He is leaning over the arm staring at her exposed ass.
I tell her, "get on your hands and knees on the couch and suck my cock."
She moves into position with her ass and pussy towards the guy watching and her head in my lap. I pull the dress up high above her ass again and rub on her ass cheeks.
Next I grab one cheek and spread it open for him to get a good look at her pussy and ass hole. I release her cheek and pat her naked ass.
I raise my hand and when he looks at me I point toward her ass and I started rubbing her ass again. He Takes the hint and slowly stretches out his hand and also starts to rub her cheek with his palm.
I pull my hand back and now he is the one rubbing her ass. My cock is throbbing as I watch a stranger rub her naked ass. I'm not even sure she knows who is rubbing her ass.
When he grabs one cheek I grabbed the other and we both squeezed a cheek . When she Feels two hands on her ass she speeds up sucking my cock. I release my grip to watch him and put my hand on her head to slow her down.
Slowly he rubs her ass with his palm. He is spreading her cheeks so he can see her holes.
The guy motions, he wants to put a finger in her pussy and I nod approval. I watch as he wet's it, then he slides his middle finger up into her exposed pussy. She seems to be twisting her hips to to help the stranger get in her better.
Now he is fucking her with his finger sliding in and out in her slick moist hole. He keeps a steady pace for quite a while. I notice a few guys have moved closer to see her getting fingered while she sucks a cock.
One guy about thirty ask "can I touch her tits?" I nod yes and he sits on the floor in front of the couch and reaches under her to fill both of his hands with her tits.
When he touched her tits she looked up at me but never quit sucking my hard cock. I think she was liking it as her pussy was sounding very wet as the guy fingered it still kept up a good pace.
"Hey kinky bitch I want you to turn around on the couch. Stay on your hands and knees and ask the guy to move to this couch so you can suck his cock."
When she starts to move I tell the guy playing with her tits, "Just a second time to readjust."
She turns around and whispers into the strangers ear. He moves to sit with us and takes his cock out as he sits down. She reaches for the cock and pumps it in her hand a bunch before she lowers her head to suck on the head. He has about six hard inches and it curves to the right with a big mushroom head.
The other guy resumes playing with her tits. I sit watching while I rub her ass cheeks. I notice the guy on the couch with us has his eyes closed and is starting to tense up and softly moaning. She wags her ass when he starts shooting his cum into her mouth. She swallows every drop of his seed.
Resting a bit then he starts to move getting up and pulling his clothes to cover his now soft cock. He rises and leaves. The guy on the next couch looks at me and I give him the nod, he takes out his cock and sits down on the end of the sofa with us.
She looks at his cock and wraps her hand around it and starts pumping. Soon she sucks his half hard cock into her mouth.
I see a couple moving to the now open couch next to us. The guy sits closest to watch her suck on the strangers cock. The woman is trying to look over his shoulder.
I look to the screen and see a big girl taking two cocks in her overly large cunt. It looks like she easily has room for a third. Looking back to the kinky bitch she has the cock throbbing and is deep throating the stranger.
The couple on the next couch are both staring as she bobs her mouth up and down the erect cock. This guys cock is just over six inches and thin and has a slender more pointed head on it.
The woman on the next sofa is now kneeling to see over her man to watch the cock being sucked. She sees me looking at her and smiles.
While the one guy played with her tits and she was sucking on the other guy I rose and walked to the next couch past him and sat down on the other side of her.
"How are you doing tonite?" I asked.
"Were out of the house and watching a great blowjob live, so pretty good." She replied.
"So your man likes blowjobs?"
"Yes he loves them. He has me watch other women suck cocks so I can get better at them."
"Well maybe tonite he can get you a lesson on cock sucking if you both would be interested. She can show you how to suck a cock. He can sit while you and her take turns on his cock. She will show you how to do it then you try it. He get's two mouths on his cock and you learn how to change up and deep throat."
She holds up a finger to wait. Then talks to her man. Turning to me she speaks, "He would be happy to let us both suck on his cock. He was delighted and said if I was ok with it he was. I do want to learn but not sure I want to do it in front of others. Can we try and see if it will work?"
"Sure Let her get that guy off and we will set it up so everyone is comfy."
We turn to watch as she has his cock throbbing hard and is slowly stroking it with her lips sliding from its base to the head with each stroke and he is gripping the arm of the chair. Her man has been watching all of this closely, and rubbing his stiff cock over his shorts.
I stood and went to her leaned over and said, "Get that load of cum out of his cock and swallow it for me."
She nods and points to the guy still feeling her tits. I tap the guy on the shoulder and tell him, "thanks but her tits are getting sore if you want this condom get behind her on the couch. He kneels by her removed his dick from his shorts and rolls the condom down over his seven inches. Rubs it across her wet slit a few times and pushed the head into her tight orifice. He started stroking slowly.
Once he was in her, she went for it, she pushed her face down on the other cock till it hit her throat and keep stroking in and out about a inch and a half of it. Into her tight throat she was pumping his cock back and forth.
The guy in her cunt was speeding up he was going deeply into her in a hurry to get all of that hard pecker buried in her hole.
The more her pussy was fucked the harder she sucked the cock in her mouth. I wondered who would bust a nut first?
Then he exploded shooting several quick streams of his milky juice into her throat . She swallowed it so fast and it was so deep she couldn't even taste it.
The guy behind her had been pumping and watching, his grip on her hips showed he was seriously working up to filling that wet hole he sweated as he grunted then he stiffened and filled the condom in her pussy.
The couple were both watching as she made first one then the other cum. Two guy both blowing wads of cum. They seem new to this but we will see how it goes. The guys rested with heads laid back and she rose from the couch to stand by me.
We take a few steps to the other couch and I say "This is Chris and Janice. This is Kinky Bitch. He likes blow jobs and enjoyed watching you. He wants Jan to learn how to give head like you."
The ladies nod and touch hands, Chris has a big smile ready for whatever happens.
"How about Chris gets in the center of the couch and you girls each lay on His sides with both of your heads in his lap" I directed them.
Before the ladies even agree he is moving to the center and taking his hard cock out of his shorts as he sits. They both move to his sides. I choose to sit on the side Jan is on so I can talk and explain how to give great head.
The kinky bitch starts by licking his cock and balls. Then the head only licking it in circles covering the sides and the top and bottom till it is covered in wetness with her tongue. Then she lowers to take the shaft into her mouth as well as the swollen head.
I point out to Jan "See how she keeps changing what she is doing and moving around from the head to the shaft or to the balls. Head should be a progression not just a cock pumping into a wet hole. It may well end that way but not from the start to finish."
She nods and I ask her "Can you lick him and tease his cock and suck on his cock? I want to see how you do it."
She looks around the room and see a few guys watching. "Yes I will try it."
She leans over and opens her mouth and the kinky bitch puts his cock against her lips and moves back away from his cock.
"Take your time don't be in a hurry drag your tongue all over his cock and balls. Ok now slowly drag it up one side over the head and down the other side back to his balls."
She licks his balls switching from one to the other. Then up one side and down the other. Chris is looking at me as I talk to her in a quiet voice, when we make eye contact he nods approval.
"Now take your free hand and cup his balls and roll them with your fingers very softly." I coached, "Careful not to squeeze them unless you are asked to do so."
I watch as she follows my Instructions.
"Chris do you tell her how or what to do?"
"Sometimes, I have her change or go faster but not how or what to do so much."
"Do you like hearing me direct your lady what to do with your cock? Is she doing what I tell her?"
Now she has his cock sliding in and out of her mouth stopping at the head and lowering to about half way down his shaft.
Chris says, "Yes it is exciting having her do what a stranger tells her to me. Yes she is following your directions nicely."
"All the more reason you should learn to tell her what to do. Try it, tell her to lick your balls and then tell her when to stop."
Chris whispers "Please lick my balls? into her ear. She lets his cock fall free from her mouth and lickes his balls. He is now smiling and says "swallow my cock."
She takes the seven inch cock down about four to five inches and chokes spitting it out of her mouth. Her face is flushed and I touch her arm. She looks at me and I say,"Watch."
The kinky bitch picks up his cock and rubs the head across her lips before licking it. She takes the head and slowly slides down then back up to the head. The next stroke she goes a bit deeper and then a few more strokes before pushing deep once again.
"She how she uses her strokes every third or fourth stroke she pushes just a bit deeper. Progression, a few more then one deeper and before long she has it going into her throat every few strokes, not every stroke."
She watches as her man's cock is being sucked deep by the kinky bitches mouth every few strokes. Chris was wide eyed and hard as marble as his cock was now past her mouth and fucking her throat.
I raised my hand to Jan's mouth and brushed my fingers across her lips she parted her lips and I pushed my index finger into her mouth. Slowly I worked it in just a bit deeper every few thrust like I was telling her to do. Finally I had half of my finger stroking past her lips I pushed in deeper and felt her tense up. Every time my finger got to the back of her mouth she flinched and pulled away.
I pulled back and said "You have a gag reflex. You think your air will be cut off and you react like your choking."
"What can be done about it?" she ask.
"Well you have plenty of air for at least two minutes so you just have to overcome the fear. You will have to relax and trust that it won't be blocked for long."
"Watch her breathe on the short strokes then she holds her breath and pushes his cock into her throat, strokes a few times then back to halfway strokes to breath again. She knows she will be able to breath in a few strokes and is relaxed."
We watch as her man is deepthroated by another woman, I know she wished it was her swallowing his cock.
"You need to learn you can do it also. It means you will feel choked for a second or two and then you get to breathe again. Once you go thru it and you find it dosent hurt and you may even like it after your no longer scared."
We turn to Chris his smile is ear to ear he is getting the ultimate deepthroat from the kinky bitch. "So Chris do you think you can hold her down and force your cock into her throat to prove to her its just her mind scaring her? Once she knows it will fit and it won't hurt her she will relax and be more able to handle it."
He replies, "I love being deep throated like I am now but I don't think I could force Jan to do anything. I would be afraid I was going to hurt her. I would like for her to be able to learn but not sure I can do it."
"OK then maybe one day you will feel like teaching her in the future. Jan, How about you go down there and trade off with her on his cock you each get ten strokes then switch."
I watch as the girls suck and switch. He is watching also. I think how lucky he is to have two women taking turns on his cock. When Jan has his cock in her mouth Chris ask me, "Will you teach her how?"
"There is only one way I can show her, are you sure your both ready to do that?"
The ladies were still taking turns with his cock. When Jan stopped he was whispering into her ear. She turned on the couch and moved her hand to the bulge in my shorts.
I asked her, "Are you sure?"
She said, "We talked it over and if he wants me to learn I will have to trust you to teach me. I look forward to sucking on his cock like the kinky bitch is now."
I pulled my cock free and told her to put it in her mouth and stroke it just short of her reflex point. She was sliding my cock in and out of her mouth. My cock was still swelling up when I told her to tilt her head back to get the angle to slide easily past her reflex point.
I took a hold of her head to hold it still in the proper position. Then while she is still I push my cock to the back of her mouth and pull back. She looks at me and I slide it again to the back and pull back. The next stroke I go just a bit deeper as I watch her eyes widen. I pull back and feel her breathe.
"See it was blocked but not not for long. The next time it will go deeper but it won't stay there any longer just a stroke deep and back."
I push it in just a bit deeper and quickly withdraw again. She was still and didn't flinch this time.
"Ok Jan that was good lets try it again. This time when I get to the bottom I am going to stop and count to three before I pull it back to halfway."
She nods approval and I stroke a few times then sink my cock deep into her mouth deeper and hold my throbbing cock still for a count of three, then pull back to halfway.
She takes a big breath and I ask her, "How are you doing?"
"I think I see what you mean if I relax it will go down and when it pulls back I can breathe." She says.
"OK, I want you to hold your breath and count to thirty." I tell her.
She takes a big breath and counts to her self to thirty then exhales.
"See I told you you have plenty of air. Now we are almost there I want you to try something. Let me fuck your throat for a count of fifteen them I will pull my cock out of your mouth. I want you to know I will stop at fifteen and you know you can go to thirty, so this should be easy."
"The hard part is I'm going to go deeper each stroke then will pull out completely when I get to fifteen. You have to relax and trust me to do what I have told you. Do you trust me?"
"Yes, I Trust you to pull out when you say and yes you can force me to deep throat your cock."
Chris is watching as I fuck her mouth again with half strokes then I push deeper to her reflex point and pull back. I take a few strokes then say "Count." I push deeper and start pumping into her deeper every stroke and force my cock deeper and soon I pull my cock out of her mouth.
She takes a breath and smiles up at me. "How did I do? she ask.
Chris says, "Oh my god baby that was great you took his cock deep and didn't choke."
He had been watching her get face fucked. She had done a good job. I say, "Great now take a break and watch her as she shows you how to make him cum."
I touch the kinky bitch on her shoulder and say, "Now take it deep and make it cream."
She nods and strokes his cock faster with her mouth as she keeps taking it deeper every few strokes then she takes a breath and lowers her head down his hard cock until it is fully buried in her throat she pumps the head in and out of her throat quickly as she cups his balls. Her other hand reaches to his nipple and pinches it lightly to excite him even more. He seems to tighten up and arches his hips off the couch.
His hand is squeezing the arm of the couch as he moans, "fuck yes" escapes from his mouth as he squirts his big load of cum into her throat. She slows her pace but keeps swallowing the creamy mixture with him still in her mouth. She licks his cock clean and releases it to sit up.
"Oh my that was great" Jan says. "I want to make you cum.
"I will, and I will talk you thru it."
She takes my cock into her mouth again and is stroking it halfway in and out of her mouth. I move my hands to her head and tilt it back a bit and say "Now take it deeper into the back of your mouth and take a few strokes at that depth then push my head down your throat and take four deep strokes and then go back to halfway strokes."
She does exactly what I have told her and I can see her man watching her Intently.
"Jan your doing great, now reach your hand to my chest and drag your pretty nails down across my flesh. Then reach for my nipple and play with it. Now take hold of my balls and feel them. Lightly draw your fingertips and nails down my thigh slowly."
She does as told while her man and the kinky bitch sit watching. She is repeating her strokes shallow for a few then deep for a few. She has her hands roaming over my body caressing and teasing me. I feel her mouth lower very slowly but she was not choking or getting nervous and I was now past the back of the mouth and into her deeper than ever before.
She kept the same pace and then to my surprise she slowed it down slowly she sank her head and mouth deeper than she had ever been. She pushed down for about three seconds then returned to halfway to stroke lightly again.
Chris was the first to speak he said. "Wow, baby you took almost all of his cock!"
Kinky bitch offered, "Great job your past the gagging and now just keep going at your pace and soon you will feel something touching your nose you will have it all."
She started again and she liked it slow. It was teasing me so much as she went bit by bit just a little at a time. I so wanted her to finish to get to the bottom of my cock. I was so hard knowing I was getting her first great blowjob from this woman while her man watched.
When she was making it feel good the deep strokes and holding still at the bottom. Then the shallow strokes faster than deep then she pushed it deeper again, she went down half a inch on my shaft. Twice more she repeated it I felt so good I wondered how I wasn't cumming. She speeded up the short strokes and slowed for the deep ones.
This change was cool as the deep were feeling great. Again she slid deep then pushed harder I slid in like only another quarter inch. I was wondering how many times it would take her to finish when she pulled back and took a deep breath she sank quickly down the shaft till it hit her throat. Then she slowly sank her open mouth deeper and deeper and on the next try I felt her face against my body.
She removed my cock from her mouth and said "I did it!" Triumphantly.
Turning to me she said, "How was that?"
"To be honest I was about ready to cum. If you did it again I would explode my cum on a downstroke into your belly."
My cock was quickly engulfed and she was sucking it faster this time and even when she went deep she was faster this time. She surprised me and sank my cock and pumped it deep about five strokes before back up to half way.
I put one hand on top of her large breast squeezing it thru the material of her dress. She plunged deep again and stroked it and I began to moan as she pulled up for only two strokes and down for five strokes my balls were heating up and I could feel the cum stirring in my balls.
She did it the same way again and again. When she hit the bottom she pressed hard for few seconds My cock exploded in that moment the juice was draining squirt by squirt and she wasn't moving. She swallowed and pulled the cock out of her mouth with her hand.
She sat up smiling as her man reached for her they kissed and she said I can't wait to try this on you."
We sat and talked a bit then all rise to leave. The four of us walked to the parking lot exchanged phone numbers and kisses goodbye.
I lit a cigar in the parking lot and we leaned against the car when the kinky bitch says, "hey look a tattoo shop."
"Do you want one? How about we tattoo Kinky Bitch on your forehead." I laughed.
"No not my forehead silly I was thinking just above my ankle." We walked across the street and she looked around a bit at the flash on the walls. One of the guys is looking at her open dress.
I ask "how are you guys doing?"
"Were a bit slow and kinda bored it's middle of the week and most show up on the weekends."
"Well she want to get some lettering done on a ankle. How much would that be do you think?
"What she want it to say." One of them asked.
I spelled... it out "K i n k y B i t c h."
They chuckle and say "forty bucks."
I say "how much dicsount for a blow job?"
The older guy says, "Hell I would do it just to see her give Jimmy one." He laughs. She quietly walks to stand in front of the younger one, Jimmy. Unzips her dress more and starts playing with her tits in front of him. When he reaches up and touches her tit she speaks, "take your cock out."
He stands and lowers his shorts, she points down he sits and she kneels in front of him and sucks on his cock . The older guy is closing the lower blinds to the road as she sucks his partners cock in a empty studio. He returns to his chair to sit and watch. She sucks his cock about 15 min then he blast a load of cum, she swallows and stands up. Jimmy sits with a now limp cock.
The Older guy Carl says "come sit in this chair and put your foot up here." He sets up a smaller table and goes to work In just a few minutes he is done. Wiping it off and putting on some ointment.
We say goodby and start our walk back across the street. Her dress is open and I can see her tits as we walk across the street to the car.
On the way home I say "guess from now on your name is kinky bitch. You have earned it."
I drop her home and drive home myself to find a email waiting from her but that is a whole other story.