The sound of movement awoke me from my slumber.
I saw Jim sitting naked on the chair smiling at me.
The smell of sex filled the room.
I could feel the warmth of Suzy's gorgeous body next to mine in the spoons position, but what was even better was I could feel a warm moist fleshy sensation enveloping my morning stiffy.
Had I really slept all night with my cock inside Suzy's ass?
The evidence would suggest I had!
Suzy was rotating her hips slowly, fucking my cock softly and gently. She was whispering to Jim that my cock was in her ass and I was fucking her slowly
Her hands reached behind her and grabbed my buttock, forcing me deeper inside her.
She moaned softly as my cock slid in and out of my watching friend's wife's ass.
"Enjoying the fuck my friend?" Jim casually said.
I knew that not only was he a swinger but that he was also a serious voyeur with strong cuckold tendencies, so I decided to up things a notch.
"Too fucking right I'm enjoying it! I'm fucking your wife in the ass and the slut is going to take my spunk in her mouth while you sit there and watch her take it!"
Jim's faced flushed and his cock rose to a very impressive erection.
Suzy squirmed against my cock and moaned coarsely.
"But here's the thing, she wont swallow my spunk as she is going to spit it out all over your cock and balls, then she'll lick it all clean!"
Suzy breathed a very deep "Yes!"
I arranged Suzy on to her knees with my cock still in her ass.
Her huge tits were swinging free as she backed on to my cock forcefully.
The Corset from behind made her waist almost invisible. Her tanned ass was riding my cock as her bountiful breast swayed with the rhythm of our fucking.
I picked up the Rabbit Vibrator and plunged it at full speed in her tight cunt.
She came with a vengeance instantly.
Suzy howled with delight at the double penetration.
The vibrations inside her pussy were oscillating on her anus walls and driving me wild.
"This cunt and ass belongs to me now, but I'll let you use it now and again!"
I said playing my role as the bull stud.
Suzy was almost wailing with desire to be fucked hard in her ass.
Jim sat on the edge of his chair wanking furiously as I devoured his wife's ass.
The scene became too much for me and I informed the room that daddy was about to cum.
Suzy asked if she could suck my cock and I willingly obliged.
Her warm red lips circled my purple helmet as she slid her mouth down my length.
Spurt after spurt of hot creamy spunk gushed in to her open mouth.
Her tongue went into overdrive on my spurting cock.
Spurt after Spurt filling her wonderful mouth and like the obedient slut that she was, no swallowing took place.
As the final salty spurt of my seed burst in her mouth, she removed my cock, climbed off the bed and spat the white creamy load all over Jim's hard cock.
Jim came on impact as three powerful spurts hit Suzy smack on the cheek.
Suzy scooped the cum up in her gloved fingers and licked every drop from the black satin fingers.
Next she faced Jim and pushed his lips on her come stained cheeks.
Jim licked her face clean and rubbed her bald pussy.
Suzy bucked against his hand as his cock started to stir again.
"No chance mate. That pussy and ass are mine now and you'll only get near them when I say so!"
Jim nodded obediently.
Suzy squirmed with delight and played along with the scenario.
"I'm his whore to fuck and do with as he likes!" Suzy taunted him.
"I'm going to have a real man fuck me now" she stated.
"Lie on your back with legs wide open!" I demanded.
Suzy climbed on to the bed and adopted the requested position.
The sun was shining in the room making her tanned skin glow.
The corset was cinching her waist tiny and her breasts were full with proudly erect nipples.
I took the Rabbit Vibrator and placed the cock shape in her pussy, rotating the vibrating ears to her asshole.
I started on the lowest speed and worked the tempo slowly until she was taking the length at full speed.
Suzy was thrashing her body under the vibrator coming violently.
She was begging for more, panting uncontrollably as wave after wave of orgasm swept through her.
Bucking her hips to meet the thrusts of the sex toy, she started gush love juice from her pussy. After five or six violent gushes she collapsed onto the bed sated.
I pushed the vibrator deep in her pussy and held it in position as her orgasm waned.
The vibrating ears were in her ass twirling around the opening, teasing her sphincter.
Suzy pulled me down toward her and gave me a deep penetrating tongue kiss, exploring every area of my mouth.
Breaking free from the kiss she turned her head to Jim and said.
"He fucks me much better than you ever did!"
Jim groaned in obvious delight at her taunting words.
This situation was turning the both of them on tremendously.
I can't begin to explain how much it was arousing me!
"Face it Pal, this sluts is mine now!" I teased
"You're going to bring her over to mine dressed similar to this, just the lingerie, no clothes, where she'll fuck and suck me and two of my friends!"
Jim looked stunned but just nodded his head in agreement.
"But you can't watch, you'll have to wait in the car!"
Suzy thrust her breasts out and giggled at Jim's obvious discomfort.
"Three cocks all for me!" Suzy giggled.
"There's three hot holes that need to be filled with cock, and will be!"
"I'm not sure I could handle three cocks!" Suzy said as she brushed her talon like nails up the length of my cock.
"You'll not only handle it, but we'll film the whole thing so that Jim here can wank his pathetic cock to it afterwards!"
"Thank You" Jim whispered.
I'd broken him. My friend was now acting all subservient.
Suzy was performing as the perfect slut, a part she was born to play and I was now the bull stud.
My cock was hard as hell and aching to be inside Suzy.
Suzy guiding my cock into her shaved hole and we slowly fucked in front of Jim as he sat there awestruck at the situation.
We weren't fucking; we were making slow passionate love.
After 15 minutes of many orgasms for Suzy I finally emptied my seed deep in Suzy's pussy. Her cervix opened to accept my seed as she enjoyed her final orgasm.
As my seed washed inside her cunt I rolled off her body and lay beside her.
From nowhere Jim dived between her legs and began to lap at her shaved pussy.
He was sucking the sex fluids out her pussy.
A sexual cocktail of Suzy's creamy pussy juice mixed in with my hot spunk.
Jim sucked and licked every possible drop that he could.
On completion of his task he stood up and masturbated furiously.
Spraying his load all over Suzy's breasts.
In an act of kindness, Suzy rubbed his emptied load into her tanned breasts.
Jim returned to his chair as Suzy got up from the bed.
Holding my hand she raised me off the bed and said.
"Come on lets have a shower!"