How good has the weather been here, summer in Australia is lovely and hot?
Today I will take you to the beach. What a lovely summer's day that it is today, I hope the water is as nice as the sun. The temperature almost got to 30 deg Celsius, I am not sure what that is in old old money. We get the currents offshore from the tropics so the water is normally pleasant year round. In the summer the humidity is the killer and we have to hit the beach to cool off.
Let me take you down to the beach. Most likely the local nudist beach, and shown you off to all of the perverts that seem to frequent the nude beach.
There is this lovely little spot just 10 minutes out of town from here. I get you in the car and we head off to the beach. Parking the car in a little spot I know, just where the path to the beach joins the road.
I take your hand as I lead you down the path, just as we leave the road and the houses behind, I stop and turn to you.
I take your top and raise it over your head so I can see your swimwear and I would take off the wrap you have around you waist so I have just in your swimmers.
" This is a nude beach, you won't need those." I say as I move the shoulder straps off your shoulders.
I guide your arms free of the straps so I can push your swimmers down to expose your breasts.
I can still make out houses through the trees where we have parked the car. If someone was looking this way they could see your lovely tits if they looked in just the right direction.
I love how you do not protest but surrender yourself to me, as I continue to push your one piece down over your waist to your hips.
I move forward to you as I continue to push your swim wear down over your hips as I move my hands down your body, my head comes into direct line with your delicious tits. I cannot help myself so I take a nipple into my mouth and draw it to my tongue and suck it deeply.
I have to force myself to release your nipple so I can push your swimmers further down your thighs to your knees. I hold your waist and bring my mouth to your other nipple as I steady you whilst you step out of your swimwear.
You stand naked on the path with your nipples erect from my attention. I collect your top and swimmers and pop them into our bag and I pass you your wrap.
You hear someone coming down the path heading toward the beach as you attempt to tie the wrap across your breasts, I push your hands down to indicate to you to tie it at your waist.
As the man passes us on the path he has a good long look at your tits, I am certain he likes what he sees. He could reach out and take your tits into his hands as he passes us if he wanted. I would not be quick enough to stop him.
He passes and I see your lovely skin is very flushed. You have no need to be embarrassed, you have lovely lovely boobs. I see your nipples are still erect so I think you were a little turned on even though you might have been embarrassed as well.
I cannot wait to get you to the beach, I know what kind of guys frequent this beach.
I take your hand and lead you down the path to the beach, our friend keeps looking back checking you out. I cannot blame him. I am having trouble taking my eyes off you as well with your tits swinging freely and the see through I am getting of your body through your wrap.
You are so fucking "to die for", did you know that Sweetness?
The path comes to an end as we step onto the sand of the beach, I love the smell of the sea. Every eye on the beach watches you as I walk you out of the trees onto the sands. There are about twenty or so men on the beach, all nude, all watching you. There are always men on the nude beach, it is so rare to see women down here.
I see the guy we met on the path has spread his towel a little ways down the beach so I walk you past him whilst he is stripping off. His cock is out now so you can have a good look if you want. He is certainly taking the opportunity to check your tits out again and the see through to your pussy. By the stirring of his cock I think he likes what he sees. Who can blame him.
I spread our towels out about 10 meters away from your admirer. We have his full attention as I reach out and untie the wrap from your waist.
As you kneel down on your towel, I notice that you bend to show our new found friend a great view of your naked arse and pussy lips as you make yourself comfortable. You end up laying down on your back naked under the warmth of the sun.
I strip off and join you on our towels, I lay next to you on the other side from your audience. I reach into our bag and bring out the sun screen. You don't need it off course but I want the pleasure of exploring your body with my hands. I drizzle some onto your shoulders and the top of your arms.
I work the sunscreen into your body lovingly. I apply more to your belly and tits and I take my good time working the sunscreen into the skin of your breasts. I apply more sunscreen to your thighs and shins and with my hand I spread the sunscreen over your belly and abdomen.
You raise one leg then the other so I am able to smear the sunscreen up the length of your leg, I guide your leg over mine so that I have free access to your pussy. I put some sunscreen into my hand and work it through your pubic hair and along the lips of your pussy.
Can you see your audience over there getting excited watching me massage your cunt? I see you close your eyes as I pay particular attention to your clit with my fingers. I have our friends undivided attention.
I raise my eyebrows and flick my head to invite our neighbour closer to the action. He looks stunned. That does not stop him jumping up and heading over. His cock is hard as he moves toward us.
Again I indicate to him with my head without saying anything that he should position himself near your head. You open your eyes as he approaches and kneels next to you.
His cock is no more than a foot from your face. I am pleased when you reach out to take his cock in your hand. I nod to him and flick my eyes to your face. He gets the hint.
He moves next to you still kneeling with your hand on his cock and your turn your head slightly so you can take him in your mouth.
As you do so I let my fingers slide from your clit down the length of your pussy, you are so wet I feel your juices are flowing down the crack of your arse to your butt hole.
I see your jaw part as you take this anonymous cock deep into your mouth. Others on the beach have become interested in the show we are putting on. I notice two guys have positioned themselves so that they can look between your legs as I slide my fingers up and down the lips of your cunt.
You make delicious noises as you slurp on this stranger's cock. You take his full cock into your mouth as I let my finger slide up and down the length of your pussy, paying special attention at the top of each stroke to massage your clit. Across, around, softly, firmly, drawing sweet little patterns with my fingers so you never know where or how I will touch your clit next.
I hear our friend cry out as he comes in your mouth.
The stranger takes his cock from your mouth and bends and kisses you passionately, that was nice of him don't you think? Tasting his own cum in your mouth.He stands and then heads back to his towel.
I continue to play with your arse and pussy and the two guys that were positioned to watch have moved closer so they could now touch your feet and legs but I wave my finger to indicate they can look but you are mine to touch. I have shared you once today but that will be it.
One guy runs his hand up your leg to your thigh. The bugger. Your cunt is mine so I raise a finger to him again to let him know. He seems very disappointed.
The guy I have warned off your pussy immediately moves to your head and looks at me. I look at your face and see that you want him too but I cannot share you again. So he takes his cock in hand and watches you intently.
I take my fingers off your pussy lips and position myself between your legs and I slide my cock deep into your hole.
The other guy that was watching me rubbing you moves in so he is beside you with his cock in his hand and he bends to suck your nipples.
So you have some random guy wanking over you as another sucks your tits whilst I fuck you hard. All the time with the taste of a stranger's cock and cum in your mouth.
You really are a dirty dirty little girl now aren't you.
The guy sucking your tits leans back and wanks himself and comes across your chest and then the other guy comes as well on the sand and your shoulders.
I continue to fuck your hard long strokes. I feel your cunt tighten on my cock gripping me like it is trying to expel my cock from you. I continue to fuck you hard until I am spent too and I finally take my cock out of you to explode onto your belly and through your pussy hair.
I lay back beside you and can see other guys are moving in for their turn, but with a slight shake of my head I let them know that they have all missed out this time.
But I do not think this will be our last time coming to this beach.
Let's hit the water so I can get you cleaned up so we can lie naked together in each other's arms under the warm Winter sun for the rest of the day.