Night Out

Driving along she thought about the scenario, she wanted to go through with it but was nervous and anxious. She questioned herself repeatedly but her desire and excitement made her keeping going.
Last time had been a wash out -- they had spent a good hour following each other along the dark, deserted roads unable to find a secluded place to stop. She had hoped tonight might be the same as she felt uneasy about the scenario which she had agreed to partake. Her bag of goodies were in the car -- safe and secure -- the big toy, the magic vibrator -- ooohhh - she'd had fun with both of them! The big toy had challenged her, initially it was more pain then pleasure but Amy had learnt that plenty of lube made the difference.
She thought about the scenario, as she did she could feel wetness between her legs; she tingled, smiled to herself and licked her lips. Keeping firm hold of the steering wheel, she traced her fingers across her tits - her nipples were firm and felt nice to touch.
She left the motorway and drove along the quiet roads, all was silent and only the moonlight and her car headlights lit up her small world. She checked her phone -- a voice message -- she played it but couldn't hear a thing. The road was so narrow and dark. Calling him, she was relieved when he answered.
"I haven't got a clue where I am!" Amy said repeatedly as she began to panic.
Lost in the middle of nowhere, not a soul or house about -- she was mad! He reassured her and explained his location, he felt they were close and it would be a short while before they saw each other from the confines of their own cars. Pulling over, she listened to his updates -- he was close by -- he kept her informed as he continued to drive. Heading down the road slowly, she soon came to a crossroad, as she turned he gleefully announced he'd found somewhere for the scenario.
He was delighted. He had been looking forward to the scenario so much. She knew what she had to do -- he was the master and he knew she would do everything he asked.
They parked up. She floated round to the truck of her car like an angelic angel in her long flowing dress. Her nipples stood out firm, her silhouette complimented her shapely figure, so slim with amazing bazookas. She opened the truck, knowing he would ask for more.
Talking via the phone, he asked her turn around and give him time to admire her. Show me those beauties -- she slowly slipped down the straps of her top. Out popped one then the other. He felt himself stir; she just stood still, looking at him from her car with her top pulled down. She slipped her top back up.
"Sit down with your legs astride!" he commanded.
She looked across at him sitting watching from his car, hitched up her skirt and sat down legs wide open, her pussy exposed for him to see. The breeze touched her. She touched herself. She was very wet. He admired her from his pole position as he rubbed his throbbing penis. Tension high, pulse racing. He needed to stay in control. What a sight! He was fucking delighted and felt as high a kite! It was really happening.
She stood up, pulled her top down and exposed her tits, as if it were the most natural thing in the world to do beneath the light of the moon and his car headlights.
She put the phone down and returned to her car. She lay down in the back sit with her head resting on the passenger door armrest. Taking the lube, she rubbed the big toy, placed it by her side, turned the vibrator on, before finally slipping her blindfold on.
Car doors shut but unlocked, so he could peek in.
Vibrator first, she was enjoying herself; the vibrations on her clit aroused her in seconds. She moaned to herself, feeling empowered knowing he was watching, she could feel his eyes upon her. One door opened.
"Fuck it. Fuck it!" the master commanded. She thrust the vibrator deep into herself, harder and harder. Faster and faster.
"Fuck it -- harder -- faster. Yes -- that looks fucking awesome. Good, girl!" he demanded as he felt and rubbed himself: faster and faster. They were both moving in rhythm with each other.
"Fuck me! Fuck me! I fucking love it!" she moaned aloud. As she moved one hand to her tits, feeling her breasts and tweaking her nipples. She then lifted the big toy, and with two hands took control of it as she forced it hard into herself, she pushed it in, deep into herself as she moaned out loud. Again and again.
"Fuck, fuck, fuck!" she called out. Before holding the small vibrator next to her clit again. What expertise she showed. A large toy cock in one hand pushing it in herself -- hard, and the other holding the vibrator on her clit. He closed the door over.
Suddenly, the wind rushed in behind her as he opened the other door. His hand touched her bazookas. They felt even better than they looked. He cud feel himself cuming as she cried out in delight as he felt her nipples between his fingers. His tension heightened. It felt so good.
She moved her head back.
"Good girl," he murmured as her head tilted back. He had a final feel of her tits, before he focused on himself. Her mouth was open as she panted and moaned aloud. He wanked himself and he came in seconds. His cum going over her face and into her mouth.
She felt the warm cum trickle into her mouth...warm salty, and creamy. She licked her lips as she felt more on her face. Licking her lips, she thrust her hips up as she felt herself cum. Her body jerked and jerked and the tingling shot through her.
She wiped his cum from her face and licked her fingers.
"Mmmmmm, what a treat! Thank you, Master!" she whimpered.