Hailey pulsed her foot against the floor and twisted a lock of hair in her fingers while she watched her boyfriend from her overstuffed armchair.
Joe sat on the couch holding his right thumb and forefinger to the pressure points on either side of the bridge of his nose. He had been on edge since running out of weed a few hours earlier, unpredictably erupting in verbal abuse directed at Hailey.
She wanted to say something supportive or cuddle him to help him feel better, but she knew that he would twist anything she said right now to make her the reason for his shitty mood so he could use her to blow off steam.
"Hailey," said Joe, "hey, do you hear me?" She blinked at Joe, who spoke at her without having moved. When he was sure that he had her attention, he said, "I want you to go and put on something nicer."
Hailey looked down at her black tank top and pajama booty shorts and then back at Joe. "Why, baby?" It was four in the afternoon on the day after Christmas and both of them had the day off. Hailey had been looking forward to spending the entire day lounging in her skimpy pajamas before attempting to seduce Joe at bedtime - although now that he'd run out of weed, she wouldn't even try to get him to have sex with her. "Do you want to go out to eat somewhere?"
Joe lifted one eyelid and said in a voice with a serrated edge, "I'll tell you after you finish getting ready. Dress like you want me to fuck you later."
Hailey sighed, got up, and headed to their bedroom to shower and change. At least he wasn't belittling her or accusing her of anything. She hoped he would pick up some weed soon.
__________________________________________________________
When Hailey returned to the living room wearing a long-sleeve, empire-waisted black dress with a scoop neckline that showed off her full breasts and a skirt that ended just above her knees over black stockings, Joe was no longer alone in the living room. Next to him sat a man with his arms stretched leisurely over the back of the couch and one leg crossed over the other. His mouth relaxed into a smile, but above it his blue eyes were focused sharply upon her.
After she'd registered the stranger's presence, Hailey noticed that Joe was smoking a joint, inhaling it like it was the last weed on the planet. He was so absorbed in getting high that he didn't even glance at her, while the other man still hadn't taken his eyes off her.
Hailey was going to ask Joe for a puff, but, before she could, the stranger held out a fresh joint and a lighter. "Would you like to smoke?" She eagerly accepted his offering.
After she'd lit the joint and taken a few hits, the stranger introduced himself. "My name's Dylan. I'm the guy your boyfriend is always hitting up for weed."
Hailey smiled at Dylan to mask her confusion - Joe always drove to his dealer's house to pick up weed - and Dylan continued, "I know that Joe couldn't afford to buy more from me right now, so we were able to work out an arrangement."
Hailey turned to Joe, who still wouldn't look at her. He just alternated between staring at the joint in his right hand and hitting it with his eyes closed in pleasure, thick streams of smoke pouring from his lips as he exhaled. She turned again to Dylan and asked, "What kind of deal?"
Dylan stood from the couch, presenting her with his large frame. He stood at least a foot taller than her, and when he walked over to stand before her she had to tilt her face up to see his. He took the opportunity to grab a fistful of her hair near the scalp and, holding her gaze, said in a low but firm voice, "He traded you."
Hailey's eyes widened as she tried to process this information without losing her shit. She had never sold herself for anything before, had never tried sex work - but, then again, she was being handed over like an object and could feel herself becoming aroused for this man who now held her in his possession by the hair.
Dylan reached beneath her skirt with his free hand and felt her pussy through her tights and thong. His face lit up with a mischievous grin and he leaned down to whisper in her ear, "I can feel how badly you want me to fuck you."
She didn't argue with him, so he kissed her, locking his lips perfectly to hers. Joe stood from the couch as if preparing to leave the room, but Dylan quickly turned to him and barked, "No, Joe, you sit there and watch."
Joe meekly sat down, but couldn't bring himself to look at the larger, bullish man who gripped his girlfriend by the hair. Dylan didn't care if Joe actually watched or not, but he would force the loser to stay in the room with them so he could hear his girlfriend moan as she took the pounding she deserved.
Dylan brought his attention back to Hailey. His next move was to snake his arm up her dress so he could feel her up and play with her nipples. "You have such incredible breasts. I can't wait to see what they look like when I take this dress off you."
Hailey instinctively brought her hands to the nape of her neck to unzip her dress for Dylan, but he stopped her, again using a low but firm voice that was almost hypnotic. "No, I'll be the one to take this dress off you" - he paused - "or not." She let her arms fall to her sides and sank into a space of contentment, ready to do whatever Dylan asked of her.
Dylan released her hair and withdrew his hand from her dress. He took a pillow from her armchair nest and dropped it on the floor in front of him. "I want you to kneel on this," he told her, and she obeyed. He positioned himself in front of her, and, smiling down at her, gestured to the bulge stretching the crotch of his pants.
"I think you know what to do."
Reassured by his smile and now completely oblivious to Joe's presence on the couch, Hailey unbuckled Dylan's belt and unzipped his jeans. She pulled them down to his ankles, and he stepped out of them for her. When she again brought her face level with his boxers, she nearly gasped at the giant shape in relief before her.
"Go ahead, you can touch it," Dylan encouraged her.
Hailey timidly stroked his cock through the fabric, and then closed her fingers around it to feel its girth. She slipped her hand through the leg opening and giggled when she felt its length.
"It's big, isn't it," Dylan asked. "Do you know what I'm going to do with it?"
Hailey looked up at him with an enormous smile on her face. "You're going to fuck me with it!"
"That's right," said Dylan, "Good girl. Will you play with it for me?"
Hailey heard Joe cough from the couch, and she didn't care. She pulled down Dylan's boxers to free his cock, and he removed his shirt, leaving his entire thick, muscular body exposed to her. She took him in her mouth, starting with shallow circular swirls of her tongue around the head and gradually taking in more of his shaft until she was forcing as much of him into her mouth and throat as she could before she gagged.
"You're such a good girl," Dylan told her, "you do that so well."
Hailey's enthusiasm grew at his encouragement and her pace quickened. She brought one hand to his shaft to stroke him in circles counter to the motion of her mouth, and the other to her pussy so she could rub her clit while she worked his cock.
Dylan, who had been watching her movements the whole time, waited until she began moaning on his dick to stop her and ask, "Did I say you could touch yourself?"
Hailey, her mouth still full of him, looked up and said unintelligibly to anyone but him, "No, Sir."
"Are you going to ask me for permission?"
She let his cock fall from her mouth and asked, "May I please touch myself?"
Dylan responded, "No, we're going to switch things up. You're so good that I'm going to come soon if you keep going. Bring me some couch cushions."
Hailey rose to her feet and turned toward the couch, but Dylan grabbed her by the shoulders and spun her around to kiss her before turning her toward the couch again. Hailey's head felt so light, her mood so uplifted that she stumbled toward the couch as if high on more than weed and stacked a few cushions in her arms without even noticing Joe, who watched her from his peripheral vision, his mouth tight with jealousy.
Hailey practically skipped back to Dylan with her stack of cushions. "Good girl," he said, "Now, drop them on the floor."
She obeyed and stood awaiting further instructions while Dylan organized the cushions in a triangular shape. After they were arranged to his satisfaction, Dylan moved the pillow on which she had knelt while she blew him to one side of the triangle. Then he turned to her and grabbed her by the throat.
"Okay," he said, "Now, I want you to get on your knees again and bend over the cushions."
He kissed her cheek before releasing his grip. Hailey eagerly dropped to the floor and bent over the cushions with her knees parted so she could tilt her ass up for him. She looked over her shoulder at Dylan and watched him consider her with a studious expression, as though devising a plan for what to do with her.
Finally, he knelt behind her on the pillow and lightly placed the pads of his fingers on her ass. Her pussy spasmed at his touch, and as if on cue he lifted the short skirt of her dress up to expose the waistband of her stockings, which he hooked with his fingers and pulled down as far as he could while her legs were spread for him. He ran a finger between her skin and the elastic fabric of her black thong, drawing a line between her ass cheeks and down to the entrance of her pussy.
"You're wet for me. Can you feel that?" he asked her while he used some of her juices to glide his fingers over her clit.
"Uh huh," she whimpered. He entered her with two fingers and lightly brushed his thumb over her clit while he massaged her g-spot.
"Mmmmmmm." Hailey closed her eyes and relaxed into the sensation. Her nipples were aching, but Dylan hadn't given her permission to touch them yet. "May I please play with my nipples, Sir?"
"Yes, you may. Good girl," Dylan said to her. She pulled her breasts over the bustline of her dress so they hung freely and used her hands to pinch and twist her nipples. After a few minutes in which Hailey's moans were the only sound in the room, Dylan withdrew his hand from her pussy and backed away from her ass so he could bring her legs together. Then, he pulled her stockings all the way down and used them to bind her ankles. Lastly, he pushed her legs forward into a frog pose and again knelt behind her on the pillow.
"Stop playing with your nipples and put your hands behind your back."
Hailey did as she was told, and Dylan bent her arms at the elbows and pinned them to her back with one hand. He leaned forward and murmured, "Try to resist for me."
Hailey struggled, but she could only wiggle her shoulders and bring her heels to Dylan's butt without much force. She could escape neither his ankle binding nor his armlock.
He pulled her thong to the side with his free hand and pressed his hips forward until the tip of his cock brushed against her slit, and then he entered her with quick, shallow thrusts.
Hailey squealed as the tip of his cock hit her g-spot repetitively. "We're at about twenty-five percent right now. Are you ready for more?" Dylan paused while he waited for her answer.
"Mmmmm hmmmm," Hailey responded.
"Tell me with your words."
"Please give me more of your cock, Sir."
Dylan increased the depth of his thrusts until Hailey felt like she must have taken his whole cock, and then she screamed as he plowed his full length into her.
"That's it," he told her, "You're taking the whole thing. You're taking it like such a good girl."
Wild sounds spilled from Hailey's mouth. Dylan continued to pound her and began talking to her in a snarl:
"I didn't come over here tonight so your boyfriend could get his weed. I'm not doing this as a favor to Joe. I wanted to come over here and fuck you tonight because I had a feeling that you were a dirty little slut who needed a good fuck, and I was right.
I hope you feel like such a slut right now. Your boyfriend didn't even trade you for a lot of weed - I only gave him a quarter ounce! He's such a broke addict that he'll probably have to trade you for weed again soon, and that's okay, because I don't want his money, I just want to fuck you, slut."
Dylan slowed for a moment to release her right arm, and told her to play with her clit. She gladly obeyed and soon brought herself to the edge of orgasm. As she came, a primal scream issued from her mouth, and Dylan released her other arm to allow her body to convulse freely upon the cushions while he continued to fuck her. He growled, "You feel so good coming on my cock. I'm going to come soon, and when I do I'm going to pull out and spray my load all over your ass, okay, slut?"
When Hailey had feebly nodded her agreement, Dylan gripped her ass cheeks with his big hands and increased the speed of his thrusting. After a minute, he pulled away from her and rested one hand on her back and held his cock in the other, grunting as cum spurted from him onto her ass.
He let go of himself and leaned over her, resting his forearms on either side of her on the cushions to support his weight, and stayed close to her for a moment as they both breathed heavily in rhythm.
Dylan pushed himself onto his knees, turned Hailey over and scooped her into his arms, and then stood facing Joe. Joe looked high as fuck and completely defeated, and Hailey couldn't help but feel sorry for the pathetic boyfriend who would trade sex with her for weed.
Dylan addressed the other man amicably. "Joe, I'm going to take Hailey into your bedroom for some aftercare. Why don't you order a pizza for all of us - or maybe two? I have a feeling that we're going to be very hungry in a little while."
With that, the naked dealer turned away from Joe and carried his smiling girlfriend into the bedroom.