To my faithful readers: This is a story requested by an anonymous reader. I always asked for new ideas and this story was spawned from that request. I can't help myself and, in the end, it winds up being a love story, but it has lots of twists and turns getting there.


I have received many other requests and Medieval fantasies, continuation of Venus Ascending and a new version of Model Slave are all in the works. Other ideas are welcome even if you remain anonymous. I love your positive feedback and thank you for reading.


Paladin Princess

Chapter 2
The dragon was huge, and its mouth could gulp her down in a single bite. Its teeth were wickedly sharp and many as it slowly advanced towards her. Its scaly armor covered its entire body and glistened in the torch light. Its tongue licked its lips leaving a sheen of saliva on its lips and dripping on the cave's floor. Tiny breaths of fire escaped the dragon's mouth, smelling like rotting flesh.
Princess Ruth sucked in her belly and tried to make herself as small as she could, trying to hide behind the pole that she was chained to. Unfortunately, all she could do was recoil slightly from the beast and her fearful movements only seemed to excite the beast further. It smelled like sulfur, and she could feel heat coming from its snout. Its nose came close to the junction between her legs, and it began to take in her scent as if trying to decide where to begin.
As its nose climbed her body, she could feel the air changing as her scent was sucked into its nostrils. As the massive head reached her breasts its hot and rough tongue came out and licked her skin. To Ruth it felt like the dragon was trying to drink her skin, and the diaphanous robe shredded as its rough tongue caught and shredded the fabric. She sucked in a breath, turned her head away from the dragon, closing her eyes in a panic waiting for the dragon's teeth to bite into her flesh.
Nothing happened and the beast only kept smelling her while occasionally licking her. She turned and looked into its eyes, and they were like cat's eyes but almost seemed human in that she could see emotions. The beast didn't seem hungry, but only wanted to play with her, well she wasn't a dragon's plaything. She screamed, "Eat me you beast and don't play with your food!"
She was ready to scream again when she heard, "Whoa boy, she is mine."
She turned and saw Geoffrey standing beside the dragon with his hand petting it. He was looking at her with a smug smile, knowing he had saved her and yet this had been his plan all along. All the fear and anxiety came back in a rush, and she wanted to slap him for all the angst he had put her through. With anger in her voice she shouted, "Untie me you ruffian!"
Geoffrey had to admit that his plan had been to release her before Eragon had stalked her but watching her tied to the post memorized him. She was the most beautiful, erotic and sensual thing he had ever seen, and he couldn't move, just watch. Her taut, slim, muscled form wriggled and twisted as she tried to escape, weaving a lustful dance that stopped him in his tracks. He just stood and ogled as Eragon the dragon stalked her.
Her legs were stretched and elongated with tight muscles bunched as she stood on the tip of her toes. They were beautifully formed, and his hands itched to caress them. Her hips were slim with a tight butt, just perfect for his hands to hold. The tiny waist danced in a carnal ballet, braiding her hips and torso simultaneously while she swiveled as if they were all separate parts of her body. The muscles in her belly knotted in attempts to move her hips and torso in separate directions. It was simply captivating and hypnotic. He fell under her spell and stood to watch.
With her arms bound over her head her ribs were lifted and defined against her skin, creating a dramatic slope to her small belly. But her magnificent breasts were lifted and invented their own sensual dance of seduction as they wobbled, bobbed, and weaved with her attempts to escape. Her engorged nipples rolled like a conductor's baton setting the pace for her dance and drew his attention to her body. His eyes couldn't move away from her incredible beauty that glowed seductively and shimmered fearfully as she moved in her attempts to escape her bondage.
However, there was much more than her memorizing beauty. She was strong, fiercely regal and he felt a kinship that went way beyond physical attraction. She was someone that he could love and respect, but the way her gorgeous body moved aroused him, and he knew at some point he would have to either leave or have her as his lover. She was a princess and royalty, so there was no way he could ever make love to her the way he wanted.
Her regal neck was stretched with veins and tendons defined while her head thrashed back and forth. The look on her face was one of fear and terror and that was what snapped him out of his reverie. It was then that he announced his presence and calmed his dragon... Eragon.
Princess Ruth saw Geoffrey and was, at first, relieved, then angry, but his look of love, passion and awe-struck admiration of her beauty calmed her down. She had been saved and now she knew the reason for his confident smile when the king announced her sacrifice. He somehow worked with or had a dragon as a pet. He had saved her.
Princess Ruth watched her savior as he slowly walked towards her, and she realized her heart wanted him. She felt butterflies in her stomach as she watched his muscles ripple down his body. Physically she had been attracted to him from the first minute she saw him, but when he stood up to the king for her, she knew he was the man she had been waiting for. He was everything a Chevalier should be, standing for right, defending the weak and helpless, and in her case, saving the damsel in distress.
While she longed for him to caress her, touch her, and kiss her, she also wanted him to just hold her. She had never had a man affect her this way; her womanly cleft began to moisten, and her nipples ached. What was it about him that made her want to feel him holding her? She owed him her life, but that wasn't why she felt like this, it was something deeper, more respectful and more loving.
As he approached the dragon backed away. When he was so close, she could feel the heat from his body. He stopped, and his eyes started at her feet and caressed every portion of her body until he stared longingly into her eyes. Goosebumps erupted crossing her elongated form and followed his fondling eyes. Something carnal crossed between them as they gazed into each other's eyes.
He softly said, "I'm sorry my princess that Eragon, my dragon, frightened you. Both of us were bewitched by your beauty and I stared at you forgetting that you were bound to the pole."
He swept his hand towards the dragon saying, "Eragon is my warrior partner and together we are unstoppable. We have been together for five years. I am Sir Geoffrey and have been a paladin for eight years and I was mistakenly the employee of the king that destroyed your family. To make up for that error, I will be in your service until you release me." He stopped and looked around before adding, "That also means that Eragon will be in your service."
Geoffrey gently swept the tattered gown away from her silky skin and gently placed his hands on both sides of her naked waist. The princess gulped in a breath of air as she felt the heat of his hands on her skin. Shivers rushed through all her erogenous zones and for the first time a man she loved touched her silky skin. Her head swam with never experienced fiery passion and she wanted him to keep touching her. She closed her eyes feeling a heat wash through her, then his hands began to rise over her ribs, and she forgot how to breathe.
As his hands paused just beside her breasts, she opened her eyes and slightly arched her back in a plea to do what both of them really wanted. Her breath was ragged, and her breasts hungered for his hands to fondle them. She wiggled her back trying to slide her breasts under his large rough passion filled hands. When she looked in his eyes there was a craving to take her just as she wanted, but there was also a sadness when he realized he couldn't have her.
When his hands continued up her arms to free her from her bondage, she almost cried out and begged him to take her. She had never been turned on or wanted anything as badly as she wanted him to caress, touch and make love to her. But like him, she knew they couldn't give in to their carnal lusts.
Geoffrey's hands continued up her arms only by his force of will until he unbound her hands. Finally, his hands released her cuffs from the bindings on the pole and she was free. However, whether it was from the strain of her bondage or the unrequited passion, her legs collapsed, and she fell into his arms. Princess Ruth felt his arms cradling her and she snuggled into his grasp. His massive arms picked her up and he carried her over to a rock bench. For Ruth the walk was maddening as his rough, hot hands continued to pour blistering passion into her naked form.
Everything was just as bad for Geoffrey. When his hands touched her, a jolt went straight to his heart and his mind drifted into a dream-like state. Her skin was like nothing he had ever felt and on their own, his hands slowly caressed upwards over her ribs until they were next to her breasts. She began to wiggle as if trying to move her breasts under his hands and he badly wanted to accommodate her. The thought of having his way with his bound princess broke his blissful reverie, because he knew he couldn't take advantage of her.
When she collapsed into his arms her dreamy state returned as he gently cradled her in his arms. He slowly walked to a rocky seat at the back of the cave, all while staring at the naked gorgeous creature in his arms. He wanted to kiss her and make love to her, but she was a princess, and he was a common warrior.
Ruth tried to calm her breathing as she lay in her want-to-be lover's arms but couldn't. When he finally laid her on the rocky bench she lay staring at him, her eyes pleading to not let it end here. With a look of profound sadness, he stepped back and in a choked voice said, "I brought you some clothes in this bag. I have no idea if they will fit, but at least you can be covered until we can find some clothes worthy of your station."
She loved his chivalrous nature and also a royal bearing that showed a life of privilege, but he also had a wild ferocious look. This is the only man that stood up to the king and from that act she knew he believed in what was right and had the courage to follow through. Her heart, her body and deep in her soul told her to trust this man with everything she is, even her love.
The clothes turned out to be a peasant blouse that was way too big which left her sexy shoulders and much of her upper breasts bare and a skirt that was also too big. As she wallowed in the clothes she asked, "Did you think of bringing any needle and thread?"
He had thought of that; she went to an isolated corner of the cave, and she spent an hour trying to modify the clothes. This was not a skill Princesses learned, so she fumbled through it, tightened up the top and skirt until it was form-fitting and very sexy. While she was sewing the clothing she asked, "How did you train the dragon?"
Geoffrey thought back to his first encounter with Eragon. Both had been loners and had very few friends and now both had someone that understood each other, and they became best friends. He decided to tell the princess the true story, "I never trained Eragon. We have been friends for eight years now and we share almost everything."
"I met him when I was looking for a place to sleep for the night and found a cave that looked good. The minute I entered the cave a voice resonated in my head saying, 'What is that human doing here?' I looked around and saw a dragon stalking towards me and as I turned to fight, I thought 'who is that in my head?"
"Both Eragon and me looked at each other with astonished eyes. He was hearing my thoughts and I heard his thoughts, but to test my theory I tried thinking thoughts to the dragon and was surprised when he answered. We realized that the mental bond we shared was very special and that God must have some reason for gifting this to us. After that, we became best friends and soon after we began to fight together and became brothers in arms."
Geoffrey had his back turned to give the princess some privacy until she was dressed. He heard her fretting and fuming about the clothes, but when she finished modifying the clothes, she let it be known that he could turn around and Geoffrey was stunned. The modified peasant blouse was now tight and molded to her figure, highlighting her breasts with her shoulders bare as were an upper portion of her gravity defying breasts.
The modified blouse only seemed to accentuate her gorgeous shoulders and flawless breasts, while highlighting her regal neck. The skirt had been taken in around her waist and her shrunken waist gave her a perfect hourglass figure. She was stunning and almost as beautiful as she had been naked. He was convinced that she could be wearing a tote sack and still be stunningly gorgeous.
He skulked into a corner of the cave wondering how he could be around his princess. He couldn't take his eyes away from her and his heart pounded in his chest. His cock was almost hard every time he looked at her and it made it difficult to think. He was actually thinking about leaving her, guarded by Eragon, removing the constant temptation of a deliciously sexy princess. But the idea of never seeing God's perfect creation was a hit to his very soul, he couldn't leave her.
Fortunately, Princess Ruth came up with an idea. "Geoffrey, as your penance for working with the evil king, I want you to teach me how to fight. My kingdom is at war, and I must fight and lead my troops against the king that killed my family."
Geoffrey understood the request and thought of it as a good one. However, he knew that he would never give her the kind of hard training that she would really need. He knew he could never come close to charging her in a real attack and risk harming her, even accidentally. But she should be able to defend herself and he could at least do that. Still the thought of her delectably athletic form doing battle was at the same time horrifying and titillating.
Geoffrey found two decent limbs in the forest and whittled them into passable swords. He presented his princess with her sword and knew they were in trouble; she could barely wield it. So, in addition to fighting techniques and sword play, he began an arduous regime of physical conditioning, concentrating on her core and upper body. He also began training her in archery, something which she was very proficient at.
He also had to hide her tempting body, so he hung a rug or tapestry in front of her bedding area. She could dress, bathe, and sleep out of his line of sight. Still her sexy form distracted him in everything they did. For Geoffrey, his princess was temptation personified and his eyes could never turn away from her
Geoffrey's training was arduous, and Ruth was exhausted every evening. She longed for her fine silky clothes and bedding. At nights she dreamt of wonderful food, drink and conversation with worldly travelers. Her isolation left her depressed at times, but that only made her train harder, so she could regain her kingdom.
Eragon began to become close to Princess Ruth and had taken to guarding her sleeping area. He would also watch their training sessions and growl anytime Geoffrey came close to hitting or hurting the princess. Princess Ruth also encouraged Eragon with pets, low seductive whispers and even an occasional kiss on his rough scaly skin and the dragon ate it up. He had never had this much attention and loved it.
Ruth talked to Geoffrey about tactics plus how he and Eragon could help. In past battles Eragon and Geoffrey would fight in tandem with Geoffrey on the ground and Eragon in the air. This tactic had been successful, so he wanted to build off that. Since the princess seemed to have a knack for the bow and arrow, he thought about her riding on Eragon's back and could fight from above. This would also keep his princess safely away from any battle, all while participating in it.
Eragon seemed to enjoy the idea and quickly got the hang of having a rider on his back. Princess Ruth had a more difficult time riding Eragon until she found a saddle-like impression above his wings and several long horns on his neck that she could hold onto. However, no matter how tightly she held on, moving fast and high in the sky was terrifying. The first few rides Ruth held onto Eragon for dear life, but after the first dozen rides, she began to enjoy the ride and learned how to hold on with just her legs. Once she was used to riding, she began practicing shooting her arrows while moving through the air. This took a little longer to master.
Princess Ruth felt the training in her lower and upper back, plus her arms and shoulders ached all the time. She could tell she was getting stronger and better at wielding the sticks but waiting for a real sword was testing her patience. Riding Eragon strengthened her legs, but Geoffrey added legs exercises to her conditioning regime.
She also discovered that her blouse and skirt impeded her movements, and she knew that she would have to find some other kind of warrior outfit. Her warrior clothes needed to protect her while giving her a freedom of movement and as she discovered be sexy and revealing.
In all of her warrior training, Ruth discovered that Geoffrey could never really take his eyes off of her sensuously displayed form. In the middle of a parry his eyes would swivel to her wobbling breasts, taut muscled belly or strong flexing legs. She knew in a real battle her gorgeous figure might be her best advantage and it would distract her attacker long enough for her to strike.
But how to do it? The outfit had to be respectful to her station, her family, her church and still distract her enemies. She asked Geoffrey to bring her some cloth, leather, chainmail and then began what turned out to be many iterations of her warrior outfit. She soon realized how heavy chainmail was and her first iteration had so much chainmail she had trouble moving. Additional iterations got lighter, but also skimpier and more revealing. She looked at her final outfit and blushed at how much skin she was showing, but everything else was too heavy or too bulky.
Meanwhile, the training continued unabated, and she got stronger every day. Her arms and legs began to show muscular definition, as well as her back, while her already taut belly slimmed and had a definition that surprised her. Geoffrey's eyes were always caressing her tight figure and she loved preening before his always loving eyes. As much as she loved his hungry, loving eyes on her, she really wanted him to be her lover and bid her time.
Ruth's two protectors also spoiled her. At times when she was sad sometimes Geoffrey would bring her flowers or food from a nearby city flown to her by Eragon. She knew Geoffrey was captivated by her and Eragon also seemed to be enthralled by her. Soon both of her warriors were smitten by her and her least little request was granted immediately.
After a month of training, and hiding in a cave, she was aching to get out and begin the fight to regain her kingdom, but Geoffrey kept her from doing so. She saw the need as she continued to get stronger and better at sword play. In another two weeks Geoffrey presented her with her own sword and they began to train with real swords.
About two months after her aborted sacrifice, she asked Geoffrey to see what he thought of her warrior outfit. He wasn't really sure what a warrior outfit was supposed to look like, but he stood outside her private area to see. She exited, covered in the white feathered robe she had during her sacrificial trip to the cave, but the open slit in the front made his eyes bug out and his jaw drop.
Ruth was covered in the repurposed sacrificial white robe with layers of white feathers, but the robe was not closed. This time instead of a sacrificial dress underneath the cloak, a warrior costume peeked out. There was a leather hood covered on the outside in chain mail that would cover her head and neck. The chain mail covered leather hood draped over her shoulders leaving gaps for two triangular cups that barely covered her breasts. The top was in effect a drape of chain mail clad leather tied at the neck leaving portions of the insides and outsides of her breasts exposed. There was an additional tie around the back that kept the top from flying away and from completely uncovering her incredible breasts.
From the bottoms of her breasts to her taut muscled belly was naked. Her large expanse of torso skin ended with a very wide leather belt wrapped around her hips and tiny waist. It was wrapped twice around her lithe body and ended above her nether regions. Underneath the belt was a pair of cutoff pantaloons covering her sex. Her long expanse of shapely legs was naked from her hips to her knees and ended in a set of thigh-high leather boots.
Princess Ruth watched his stunned reaction and smiled. This was exactly the reaction she wanted and as soon as he began to object to her revealed form, she held up her hand and spoke, "I've seen the way you look at me when we spar. I realized that my best weapon is my body as a distraction. With my opponent watching my body twist and sway, I can strike and slay my enemy."
Geoffrey understood what she was saying and doing, but she was a princess, and he didn't want his princess exposed the way she was doing. She belonged to him, and he couldn't let anyone see her like this. He tried to think of a way to explain this to her, but her warrior outfit made his brain spin and his body react to her female form. Finally, he croaked, "But you can't let them see you like this! It's... it's... oh God you're so damned beautiful, sexy and your mine."
He put his hands on her waist and once again she sucked in a deep passion filled breath. Both of them felt the passion filled, electrical charge race through their bodies. For a moment both stared into each other's eyes and then their mouths merged in an erotic kiss that sent both their hearts and minds spinning. His hands wrapped around her enveloping her in his arms and the kiss deepened.
When they came up for air, Geoffrey backed away saying, "Oh God, what am I doing? You're my princess, what am I doing?"
As he backed away, Princess Ruth followed him saying, "No, don't go. I want you too. Please hold me, kiss me and make me your woman!"
They watched each other and both knew they were each other's soul mate. But she was a princess, and his job was to protect her, not take advantage of her. He didn't know what to do so he turned and walked away.
Princess Ruth was done with this. He was going to be her lover, no matter what.