"Is that your heartbeat I'm hearing?"
Josie McKellen snuggled under Piper Cherry's arm, her ear to her tits, nose nuzzling to scratch her itch, not really, they were just really comfortable pillows. Piper groggy from too much alcohol merely cuddled closer inhaling Josie's messy brown hair. Fingers intertwining like lost lovers reuniting, they react with even more passion. Lips rising to meet her Josie stole Piper's lips for another round of stimulating hard nipples and wet pussies. As Piper slips fingertips up inside Josie's cunt she too hears a heartbeat. Wait! Why only one heartbeat every two minutes?
"SHIT!" Piper withdrew her fingers in a hurry leaving Josie to pout and cling to her as if not wanting her to leave. Finally Josie releases her to crawl from beneath their silk sheet.
"What's wrong?"
"Security guys are here to set up my alarm system." She leaves her room then has second thoughts, returning to get her exceptionally short peach colored bath robe. No sash to tie it with she merely cloaked her front as best as she could, which meant barely. "Don't move I'll be right back."
"Mmmm! I need those fingers, I'll be here. Hurry back Peaches."
"Use your own until I get back." Piper giggled and left her bedroom in a rapid shuffle. Racing to her front door she opened it in a hurry. Outside preparing to leave was a twenty something young black male well groomed and polite looking. Hearing the door open he turns around to share his pearly whites. Eyes instantly bulging he takes in Piper's hotness, even with her blond hair in scarecrow mode.
"Sorry! Rough night." Piper opened the inside door and barely held her robe together, breasts almost entirely falling free up to a thin glimpse of areolas. In her waistline closure even her pussy just would not remain hidden.
"No problem." He chuckled, "Should we reschedule?"
"Hell no, Anthony." She noted his shirts nametag patch. "I want my system up and running by noon." She motions him in with her free hand, her leg keeping the door open. "Get in here and secure me."
"Wow! First time I've ever been invited in to secure a beautiful woman."
"You know what I mean." She squinted heavily against the sunlight. "Don't mind the mess, still unpacking things, oh, and don't trip on the empty wine bottles. We were playing spin the body...I mean bottle."
"We?"
"Yeah, I'm still...entertaining. You can get started here on the front entrance while we finish up. Don't panic if you hear screaming." She giggles and lets him follow her indoors with his equipment. "Just set up cameras where you think I'll need them the most."
"Front door, back door..." Anthony looks around trying to be professional. In his examination he hears another voice yelling out making him pause to leer toward it's source.
"BEDROOM!" Piper grits her teeth at Josie's determined order.
"You want a camera in your bedroom?" He chuckles.
"Why the hell not. Just do your thing out here, I'll do my thing in there." She points slyly toward the bedroom. "If you need me just...yell."
"Same here." He winks.
"Oh, don't tempt me." She flirts and walks away, removing her robe before even hitting her bedroom door she lets it slither from her body to remain on her living room floor. The last time he saw curves that perfect was from the movie Wanted with Angelina Jolie. Wanted indeed! Anthony was hard at the second she let it slip from her shoulders.
"Daaaamn!" He wanted to waltz right in there until his Boss called him to make certain he was getting the job done. Anthony was prone to slacking off. Needing the job badly he cussed under his breath and chose to start drilling and running wires to a central box in her hallway. He stayed on course as best he could after dealing with his boss.
While Anthony dealt with his employer over the phone Piper rushed back to bed diving in over Josie making her squeal as they rolled about. Wrestling and tickling quickly became a very passionate love making session, kisses flowing long and vibrant. Josie moaned nonstop once Piper decided to kiss and lick her way across Josie's body atop the sheets. Having left her bedroom door wide open Piper added to Josie's succulent curiosity. While it was difficult to train her eyes on the doorway expecting a young man to take a peek Josie just lost interest entirely and closed her eyelids. Piper's tongue had found Josie's sweet, sweet nectar, her pussy thrilled by her neighbor's arrival.
Even while Anthony drilled out in the hallway he heard deafening moans and resisted snooping as best as he could. The job had to be done. Another rash of barely audible cussing proved how unhappy Anthony was at missing out on what was sounding like an incredible show. Listening in between drills was enough at the moment. Once the wiring part stepped into play his ears could listen more intently. For over an hour he heard the women have one orgasm after another, his nerves were on edge. His dick was so hard he nearly took a break just to rub one off. Growling he had to step outside to smoke just to relax his pent up desires.
While outside nurturing his second Marlboro in a row he noticed a really nice Dodge Ram pickup trolling the neighborhood, tunes on high, it's driver looking for an obvious address. Once finding the right mailbox he pulled up into Piper's driveway, luckily she had parked in her garage, and Anthony had settled for the street. Music blaring at an ear ringing volume to Parkway Drive's song Bottom Feeder the young man behind the wheel sat finishing his jam, using his steering wheel as his drum. The song was rather ironic due to the fact that Josie was now feeding on Piper's bottom. Beside him in the passenger seat sat a really big dog wearing swimming goggles with a band tying them on as if he were used to them. Anthony had to chuckle, thinking that even his own dog would have shook them off and eaten them long ago. Pretty funny though.
********
Next door at the McKellen residence...
Twin sisters Dakota and Sable, were sitting in the living room watching television in their pajamas. Hearing the disturbance next door both raced to peek out the front curtains facing their porch. Seeing only the bed of the big blue truck they had to learn more. Giggling they rushed to the door and snuck out on to the porch for a better view. While jamming, the driver, a very studly young man dressed in a black polo shirt was beating up his steering column. Looking over at the girls he slowed his drum beat and grinned. The girls dropped their jaws at his seeing them. Then, it dawned on them they were still in morning mode, bedhead and jammies was not that appealing. Squealing the girls ran inside.
Indoors, Piper heard the music as Josie was returning the favor of eating her out while in doggy style mode, basically sitting on Josie's face. Scowling she presumed it was Knox Hardecker destroying the airwaves over their neighborhood of Hooters Crossing. Between moans she heard her cellphone vibrate, a vibrator sounded really good about now. Hissing at her cells persistent rumble she stretched for her bedside stand to retrieve it, forced to abandon Josie. Josie would not have it, she wrapped her arms around Piper's leg and forced her back into position. Piper gave up and said, "Fuck it."
As the song ended the dog began sniffing the air and growing excitably, truck shutting off the driver gave up trying to call Piper, via speaker phone and Bluetooth. His truck was that tricked out. Seatbelt restraining the dog it became irritable wanting to escape. Eyes bulging at the possibility the mutt would fight his way free and jump out the opened window the driver jumped from his truck and raced to the passenger door. Looking back at Anthony he grit his teeth. "Cherry residence, right?"
"Yeah!" Anthony put his butt out in the grass and pocketed the butt once the cherry was out. Cherry still warm he patted his pocket cursing at his stupidity.
"Awesome! GPS was messy getting here. You might wanna get back I have a feeling Rotten here is gonna run you over." He tried to calm the pup.
"I'll head back in."
"Keep that door open." The boy laughed.
Once the seatbelt detached the dog stormed the opened doorway and jumped down, nearly knocking the boy over. Darting straight for the door sniffing around as Anthony held his ground allowing the dog to run inside the home. He hoped he wasn't making a costly mistake. Slamming the truck door the boy gave chase and brushed aside Anthony apologizing along the way. Anthony tried not to laugh but it became impossible. From the doorway he heard two women scream. Hardly from yet another orgasm. So he thought.
Seconds earlier Piper was cumming hard on Josie's talented tongue, lurching forward to bury her face in her pillow to muffle pent up anxiety. Squealing she manages to drown Josie's entire face in a flood. Without even having a chance to control her body's shaking or even lift up from Josie she heard a rush of whimpering that jumped up on her bed in a flurry of licks. Shocked Piper sat straight up on Josie pinning her to the mattress, her limbs flailing at her breath being stolen beneath Piper's assets.
"ROTTEN!!" Piper was forced to fend off her overly excited puppy, hugging and licking her face, dog breath kisses, tongue to lips just wasn't very appealing. The reunion was joyous, even under the conditions. Piper in her lust had literally let it escape her mind that her nephew was bringing her dog home from Atlanta. Josie was patting Piper's ass to let her up, breathless beneath her smothering, smoldering bottom, drowning from a mouthful of pussy juice it was looking grim.
Rushing after the dog the boy stood in the doorway, hands braced on the threshold while shocked at the sight of, "Aunt Piper?"
"MACE!!" Piper dodged her pups slobbering kisses, and tried her best not to be scarred up by his nails. "FUCK ME!! I forgot you two were coming."
Her nephew had to laugh, strangely he wasn't turning in embarrassment at seeing his aunt sitting on another woman's face. A woman with an incredible body at that. In her flailing Mace saw her pussy with very little interference. Too bad Josie couldn't see him to react in any way.
"It's so good to see you too Puppy. Momma missed you. His goggles are adorable." Piper went all babylike in her tone of voice. Even Anthony had to slyly peek in amid the chaos over Mace's shoulder. Blown away by the two naked beauties he had to go smoke one more cigarette. Okay, he had to go to his van and jerk off in a hurry. The job was not going to be finished on time.
Josie in panic mode led Mace to dare intervening for her safety. Moving in to grab Rotten's collar he drug the dog away from Piper, "Might want to rescue your friend before she suffocates Auntie. Turning blue."
"What? OH SHIT!!" Piper threw her body up and off of Josie letting her catch her breath, eyes blinded by wetness. "Take Rotten outside until we get dressed."
Frowning at not getting to stay Mace did as he was told and fought to take the Rottweiler out, shutting the bedroom door behind him. Finding Piper's robe on the carpet Rotten sniffed it then picked it up between his teeth tossing it about. Mace was afraid to try and take it away from him. The robe was the closest thing to being with his owner, his Mommy. "Definitely gonna have holes in it." At least the dog was calming down. The pool side of the home looked promising so he led the dog out there instead, at least he couldn't run off with a fence around the yard.
"Sorry Pussycat." Piper hugged her bestie, "I was overwhelmed seeing Rotten."
"While I was dying under you? THANKS! Did I hear a man's voice?" She shivered using bed sheets to wipe her eyes, "God I hope I don't get pink eye from your..." She resisted finishing her sentence.
"My nephew Mace. Sorry it wasn't the security guy."
"Oh darn!" Josie grimaced, "So, now I have to face your nephew after he saw us naked and sexually engaged."
"Quit whining Bitch. You know you don't care who sees us." Piper giggles, "I left the door open so Anthony could watch us."
"Did he?"
"Ummm! I'm actually not sure. No matter now, we need to get dressed and do some damage control. I have to swear my nephew to secrecy, if he tells his parents about my bi-sexuality they'll go insane. My brother-in-law will razz me forever, he's had the hots for me since he met my sister Mona." Piper got up and went to her bathroom to clean up, Josie following behind to wash her face. Piper hitting the shower instead kept her busy. Josie decided to shower at home, she just needed a fast refresher.
Stepping back out into the bedroom to look for her clothes she glanced up at the window. With no curtains or blinds to obstruct the view Mace was outside looking in directly at her. Acting embarrassed at being seen naked Josie covered her chest but left her thighs right open for inspection. She was shivering at his eyes as the boy saluted her through the glass. Smiling sheepishly she gave up concealing herself and placed a finger to her lips to request he keep it quiet. A thumbs up gave her confidence.
He watched her get dressed until she was fully attired. Once done she shuffled to Piper's dresser for a perfume tray of many choice scents and swiped a few short shots of Knowing by Estee Lauder to help against her odor of sex. After allowing him to watch her every move Josie stepped into the bathroom to say her goodbyes. Opening the shower door she caught Piper washing her hair. With fingers lathering her mane all she could do was lean over and kiss Josie goodbye.
"I'm heading home Pipes. See you at school Monday."
"We can terrorize the student body." Piper giggled, "Take those dresses you picked out and wear one Monday. I'll go short skirt too. Remember our pact...no underwear of any kind the rest of the school year."
"I must be crazy...but okay."
"One more thing Pussycat...don't fuck my nephew."
"What?" Josie creased her brow with a devilish grin, "Oh, so you can fuck my husband but I can't fuck your nephew? I could take his virginity."
"I doubt Mace is a virgin. He's rich and has a ton of girlfriends I'm sure. Come on the guy's cute as hell." Piper rolled her eyes, "If he wasn't my nephew I'd even attack him."
"Uh huh! Call me if you need anything." Feeling evil as Piper blindly kissed a pucker at her friend, Josie snuck a hand in and turned the hot water off before running away. Hearing Piper scream against the cold water ambush she laughed on her way out.
"I HATE YOU BITCH!"
"You know you don't." Josie called back gathering the dresses from Piper's closet where they had separated outfits. Six dresses total was enough for now as she draped them over her shoulder. Opening the bedroom door she stepped out to see that Anthony was back inside and on a ladder mounting a camera toward the front door entrance. Hearing the door he looked back at her with a nod. "You must be Anthony."
"That's me."
"Mmmm! Nice tight buns Anthony." She winks at him.
"You or me?"
"Both I suppose. I'm sorry if we made you uncomfortable...all of our screaming."
"You know you didn't." He chuckled.
Before they could flirt further the French door slid open and Mace stepped in leaving Rotten outside to wander about sniffing his new home. Josie smiled warmly at the boy but blushed slightly for real this time.
"Hi, I'm Mace." He extended a hand of friendship.
"Somehow I don't think I'll be needing mine." Josie flirted.
"Pardon?" It went right over his head.
"Mace? As in fending off an intruder?"
"Ohhh! Right! No threat here."
"I'm Josie. I work with your Aunt."
"Aunt Piper has a job? Awesome! Doing what?"
"High School Counsellor at Horton-Dexter."
"Counsellor?" He chuckled, "Your students are already in trouble."
Behind them Anthony coughs up, "My brother Darryl goes to Horton-Dexter. Linebacker for the football team."
"I know Darryl, he frequents my classes. I teach Literature there."
"Sweet! I won't tell him about...you know...you two."
"No bother. I'm well known." She laughs then turns to Mace, "I live next door."
"Where I saw the girls wearing pajamas earlier?" He looked shocked.
"My daughters, obviously snooping, they heard you were coming."
"Cool! Tell them I said hi."
"Oh, I'm pretty certain you can tell them hello yourself. Once they get dressed they'll grill me first, then run over to see Rotten."
"I'll be respectful."
"No you won't." She winced, "Peeper!"
"Not sorry."
"I'd be offended if you did apologize. One thing Mace?"
"Yeah?"
"My daughters? DON'T!" She wagged a finger at him, he caught on quickly to that one. "My husband would skin you alive."
"So, you're married." He actually looked disappointed, she found it flattering.
"I am. But, as you can see..." She connects the dots with eye contact between he and Piper's bedroom to inform him that she was a player. "He's...not worried."
"Wow! Gotcha! That's cool as hell."
"Have fun visiting with your Aunt." She turns in step and intentionally drops one of her hangers, the dress falling to the carpet. Bending over to pick the dress up her butt touched the crotch of Mace. Even Anthony noticed the boy straining to keep his lust together. Standing up just as fast she inhaled with a smile. She was shameless. "Butter fingers." She giggled over her shoulder at Mace who was beet red. In her mind she thought, "My butt your fingers." A good thing he couldn't read minds. In passing she offered another wink up at Anthony, "Bye Anthony. Tell Darryl I said hello."
"Sweet Mother of Pearl." Anthony mumbled, he definitely had to call his brother and learn more about Josie McKellen.
Focused on his work for another ten minutes Anthony managed to install the front camera and the alarm code box, an existing box helped in his mission, he just needed to recode it for his Companies service signals. One down two more to go.
Piper having finished her shower and dried off, set about blow drying her hair and applying make up. Putting on a simple lavender t-shirt and tight white shorts she found herself ready for her day. Exiting her bedroom she found Mace in her Kitchen searching drawers. Anthony installing a second camera toward the French doors kept him busy.
"What are you looking for?"
"Baggies! Rotten took a dump out by the pool."
"Wonderful! Stop looking and give me a hug Mister." She lured her nephew in without effort, a formal hug expressed with emotions they clung to one another trying not to cry. "It's so good to see you Mace. I'm really sorry you saw all of that."
"I'm good. I won't tell anyone. Umm! You're crushing me Aunt Piper." He chuckled.
"Sorry! I've missed you guys."
"It hasn't been that long."
"I know but I've never been this far away from the family. I love it here though, so far. Like the new house?"
"Big place. Pool is awesome. Can I go swimming later?"
"Of course. My house is your house Kiddo."
"Need a roommate?' He laughed, "I'm liking the neighborhood."
"You can stay as long as you want. Now that you're a grown man your parents don't have much to say. What's this about you wanting a condo?"
"Mom told you? It's just a thought. I really only want out on my own. She tell you I have a new truck?"
"She did. Grampa to the rescue. That's teaching you responsibly to make your own way."
"I'm not giving it back." He smirked, "It's a chick magnet."
"Chick magnet? I thought that saying went out with the 80's or 90's."
"Grampa says it is."
"Ah! Of course he does." She shook her head. She knew her Father far better than anyone, well perhaps as much as her sister Mona. Subject for another thought later on down the line. Depression was not in the cards today. "Your Mother said you taught Rotten some new tricks." She hands him the box of baggies and leaves him to dig one out. Heading toward her back door she looks up at Anthony hard at work. "Lookin' good Panthony." She knew he was panting over she and Josie, his glances proved that.
"Almost done setting up the rear door entry camera and motion detectors."
"Now is my alarm going to go off every time my dog jumps on the glass to look out?"
"As long as he can't open the doors on his own I'd say no."
Piper leers back at Mace catching him looking at her butt. Grimacing she smacks her ass just to let him know she had seen him. Mace quickly lifted his gaze and smirked. "You teach Rotten how to open doors?"
"Not yet! I can though."
"Let's hold off on any Houdini tricks for awhile. I don't wanna chase him all over Hooters Crossing." She motions him to her side then leans in to whisper, "Teach yourself not to stare at my ass. Wipe your chin you're as bad as Rotten."
"What? I wasn't..." He caved almost immediately, "Wear some clothing more often and I might."
"Oooo! The kid's gotten some balls since I last saw him. Don't make me knee you and bruise your ego." He shies off slightly letting her turn away before he checks her out again. Anthony was too. They both knew the other was mentally growling. Piper Cherry was porn quality in every way, even in tight white shorts that exposed just enough cheek to get a guy dreaming while awake. "HEY! Does Rotten have my robe?"
"Shoot! I forgot. I was afraid to try and take it from him, he gets grumpy if you try and take his food away from him so I figured he might if I..." Mace watched her whip open the French door and march outside.
"GET OVER HERE!" Rotten immediately jumped up from rolling on the concrete in the sun, robe tossed about and soggy with saliva. Running to Piper he listened as she pointed at her feet and sat down properly almost as if sulking. "DROP IT!" The thin robe slipped from his mouth and fell to her toes. As she bent over to pick it up he toppled her over backwards and began licking her as he had done on her bed earlier. Nothing graphic just playing around. She fell for his act and laughed. "Still evil I swear."
Mace laughed as he heard giggling join him in the background. Looking about he found Sable and Dakota McKellen watching from Sable's secondary window facing the pool. Both girls were fully dressed and looking beautiful this time. Fluttering fingers at him he nodded and without Piper noticing blew them a kiss. The twins ate it up. At least he thought his Aunt was too busy to catch on.
"Hey! Shit eating grinner, do your duty and bag up Rotten's pile."
"Really? Make me look bad in front of the hot girls?" He grumbled.
"Seventeen." She hissed battling Rotten by gripping his ears and trying hard to keep him from toppling her further back into a very bad position. "Don't you have enough girlfriends in Atlanta?"
"None in Nashville though." He chuckled still standing firm. Finally, Piper forced her way to her feet and slapped her robe into Mace's belly, "Cover your hard on, and don't let Rotten get the robe again." She then took the baggie from him and went to pick up her dogs crap from her concrete. Her facial expression was priceless, the odor of the shit atrocious. "Can you at least hook up the water hose and spray down the spot?"
"I can do that." He notes a curled up hose attached to the pump house. In passing her to get it he hands the robe back to her. "Here! Can you please hide your nipple hard on?" She winced at him for his mocking her earlier observation. He was right they were poking out like bullets.
"If I didn't love you Nephew, I'd throw you into the pool."
"I'd take you in with me." He laughed then unrolled the hose, turning on the faucet to strengthen his weapon. Marching closer as if nothing was going on he shot water first at the soiled spot on the concrete then turned rapidly to spray Piper full in the chest. "Wet T-shirt contest." He laughed as she dropped her jaw defensively covering her face.
"Oh it's on like Konky Dong." Giving chase he kept firing, she kept resisting the force of the water as cold as it was, her white shorts were quickly becoming transparent. Inside her home Anthony the security installer took to his cell recording her from the safety of the shadows.
"GET HER!" Dakota yelled from Sable's window. In response Mace trained his hose toward their house and let the water bead up on the screen, they felt minimal wetness but squealed laughing nonetheless. Wetness on the outside that is. Both girls were in hormone city.
The second Mace chose to attack the twins Piper stormed her nephew and fought to regain the hose from him, erratic shots of the trigger nozzle nailed Mace in the face, then his polo shirt and jeans. He was drenched as much as Piper was. All the while Rotten ran in circles deciding what to do and whom to rescue. Finding her robe on the ground he snatched it and took off running into the house right past Anthony in the opened French door. No way was Anthony going to attempt to stop that runaway train. "That pups one huge Motherfucker." Into her bedroom the dog went and right up on to the queen size mattress to chew on the robe.
Outside, Piper and Mace laughed as even her thin lavender shirt was becoming invisible over her nipples and half of her mounds. While not nude, she might as well have been. Overpowering Mace she assumed control over the hose and chased him about. In a fit of insanity he whipped his polo shirt off and tossed it aside. The twins dropped their jaws at his chiseled upper body, his boxers visible under soggy jeans bogging down around his waist.
"OH MY GOD!" Dakota and Sable spoke as one. Behind them their Mother stepping from her shower in her wrapped towel heard the girls and stepped into Sable's room to see their zestful attitudes.
"What are you two doing?"
"Mom come look." Sable pointed at the window. Enticed to their side Josie bent down and spotted the neighbors water sports. Grinning at Piper being chased by Mace she flares her eyes at him.
"That's Mace."
"WE KNOW! Isn't he dreamy?" Dakota hugged her Mom shoulder to shoulder, Sable concurring as they hog the window.
"Better view from my balcony." Josie giggled and took off running. The girls shrieked and gave chase through the short section of hallway and into their parents bedroom. Stepping out on to the balcony for a much more panoramic view they cheered. Josie getting into it with, "DROWN THAT BITCH."
Mace looking up discovered the new positioning and waved at Josie rather than the girls. Of course it could have easily been toward all three. While distracted Piper tossed the hose aside and tackled Mace toppling them both into the deep end of the swimming pool. Taking turns holding one another under the water they finally came up for air laughing their asses off. Hugging one another on the surface Piper took to the sky with a fuck you finger toward Josie. Mace found himself unable to let go of her, her naked body clinging to his, he could feel her nipples stabbing against his bare chest. Aunt of not, he knew she was the hottest girl he had ever been this close to. Girlfriends in Atlanta yes, but none this sexy hot. Sensing his attentiveness Piper grit her teeth, his hands were on her ass now.
"Hands up Hombre! We're not that close."
"I know! I just couldn't help myself. Forgive me?" He quickly straightened up and released her. Sharing a hurtful look at him made him feel lousy. Bad move! Diving under Piper set about wrestling his tennis shoes off and tossing them out of the pool. He battled laughing until he felt her going for his jeans, zipper and button unclasped it became an embarrassing moment. One he was losing as he ended up in only his boxers. Out of the pool they flew.
"Oh my Gosh! Why is Piper stripping her nephew?" Sable looked to her Mom. Josie was mesmerized and didn't even reply. Shrugging it off Sable continued watching with interest. Dakota? She was dreamy eyed and resting her elbows on the balcony rail, chin on her knuckles.
A frenzy beneath the water left poor Mace nude, his boxers finally launched out of the pool to a cheer of McKellen's. Triumphant, Piper swam away fast reaching the pools stepladder and crawled up and out, leaving Mace in a sad predicament. She hadn't noticed Anthony still recording her on his cell. Full frontal mermaid her clothing clung to her like a second skin. Watching Piper dancing about as if winning her wet T-shirt contest Anthony couldn't take it anymore. He headed back to his van.
"That's what you get for messing with me Punk." Piper smirked pointing at Mace. Gathering up his clothing she headed back into the house and left him to suffer humiliation. Instead of whining about it he chuckled and took to swimming nude. It was when he rolled onto his back and that thick 9 inch sharks fin stood tall in the water that Josie called it.
Covering her girls eyes she watched him by herself. As if her gauntlet worked, the girls quickly evaded her blinders and took to bulging their eyes and trembling. Josie realized her own appetite growing and cursed, "DAMMIT! Get in the house. GO!" Sadly, Josie had to go inside herself to prevent further snooping. Ordering the girls downstairs to watch TV Josie got dressed and set about making lunch. Hot dogs sounded really good about now. Polish sausage even better.
With no further onlookers Mace crawled out of the pool and marched straight to the French door. Finding it locked he growled, "OH COME ON!" With her bedroom window ten feet away without curtains or blinds he looked in to spy Piper stripping out of her wet clothing through a mirror facing her bathroom. It was not a direct contact and Piper truly hadn't realized the angles enough to stress over it. Mace was hard as a rock.
Tempted to jerk off he danced in step looking all around him for onlookers. Sure enough he had some. Not the kind he expected though. Travis Herbert was on his own balcony laughing toward the back of the pool. From the house next door he saw Knox Hardecker and his buddy Dip doubled over. Mace took his situation in stride and turned to face them hands outstretched, "WANNA PIECE OF ME ASSHOLES?"
"Fuck!" Knox hissed, "He's queer."
"NO I'M NOT!"
"Who the hell are you?" Knox, still a bit more gun shy after his own humiliation recently at the McKellen's hands tried to appear bold but shrank some. Dip not knowing of his friend's situation just acted smug.
"NAME'S MACE! I'M PIPER'S NEPHEW."
"Nephew?" Dip chuckled, "INCEST IS BEST!" He found it hilarious. Knox nervous over seeing Travis outside tapped his knuckle on Dip's arm to head inside. Music was required. Minutes later the band I Prevail was singing Gasoline. Mace puckered with an impressed look, at least the guys had good taste in music.
"What about you?" Mace turned his attention to Travis. Of course Travis couldn't hear him over the ear assault of thrash metal. Pointing at his ear Travis let him know he couldn't understand him. Giving up when his Mother Kelly entered his bedroom to find him staring at a naked man she grew concerned. After the other day she found herself more motherly than usual. Ushering Travis inside she turned for one last look at Mace, finding it in herself to wave if not shyly. Mace felt invincible suddenly, "I'm liking Nashville. Hot bitches everywhere."
Hearing the French door behind him open and a loud whistle he turned to find Piper wearing ripped jeans and a ruby red camisole, hair still wild from being wet. "Get in here!" Marching toward her arrogantly she avoided lowering her eyes at the unexpected size of her nephew's cock. She resorted to turning away before bulging her eyes, "Where the hell is Anthony?" She starts for the front door then pauses to leer over her shoulder to catch him palming his cock but ignored him. "I threw your clothing in the dryer. Should be toasty warm in about ten minutes."
"Glad I left my wallet in the truck or everything would have been ruined."
"Like my robe? Rotten tore it to shreds. Go in my bedroom until your stuff is dry. Don't let Rotten destroy anything else please."
He shuffles away while Piper goes to her front door and looks out to see Anthony in his van, head tilted back she knew exactly what he was doing. Even with a cigarette dangling from his lips she saw his arm movements. Definitely jerking off. Sneaking up on Anthony from behind she lifted up on her toes next to his opened driver's door window to see a pretty hefty beast of his own. "Taking a stroke break?" She spooked him.
"Fuck! Sorry! Seeing you earlier got the best of me." He started to put his dick away.
"Hey! I'm watching here. Let me hang on to this before you drop it and burn your pecker." She reaches in and takes the cigarette from his lips. "Besides I think I need it more than you. Pretty crazy morning, huh?"
"Y-yeah! I'm gonna cum here."
"Go for it. Once you're done get busy on my bedroom camera."
"I might need you to stay out of the bedroom or I'll never finish before evening."
Snickering Piper puffed his cigarette for him, "I don't really smoke but I know I needed this."
"Just like I know I needed to jerk off over your sexy ass. Your girlfriend's ass too."
"Hosie Josie? She's not really my girlfriend. I just like eating her pussy."
"F-f-fuck!" He was nearing detonation.
"Almost there Antman?"
"This look ant sized to you?" He coughs up laughing, eyelids fluttering under duress.
"That it does not. Fire away Ant's in your pants."
"UGGGGGGGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!" He shot all over his steering wheel and flooded his knuckles. Impressed by his load she had to pat him on the arm. Placing his cigarette back to his lips she sighed.
"Dare I sound racist for two seconds?"
"Seriously?" He huffed.
"Mighty white of you there Handsome." A quick dip of her finger on his crown to gather a bit of cum she licked her fingertip. "Mmmm! Special recipe."
"A chicken joke too?" He laughed.
"I got the watermelons." She lifts her tits up juggling them about. They shared a laugh together as he zipped up. "I'm gonna order lunch. Want anything? It's on me."
"Wish this mess was on you." He winked.
"Never know I might need a camera installed in my walk in closet. You on call?"
"For you...I'd get up from a sound sleep and leave my girl hangin'."
"KFC?"
"Extra crispy."
"Get back to work, I'll call out."
Laughing he placed his palm to his ear and mimicked her calling out, "OH ANTHONY! FUCK ME HARDER ANTHONY."
"I don't sound like that." She giggled. "It's more..." Raising her voice to, "...I LOVE RIDING YOUR COCK. SQUEEZE MY TITS ANTHONY."
"Damn! You're alright."
"Course I am. NOW GET BUSY." She left him to polish off his cigarette and regain his sanity.
Returning to her house she found Mace wearing his boxers and blue jeans, dry and feeling comfy. He left his shirt and shoes off. Noting something she winces, "I just realized something. You don't wear socks."
"Bad habit! That was...fun Aunt Piper. We should wrestle like that more often."
"Don't get more than your hopes up." She flips him off.
"I wasn't going there. Can I just say something?"
"Spit it out."
"Can you really blame a guy? Look at you Aunt Piper...you're a centerfold out of Playboy."
"Pfft!" She rolls her eyes, "Who do you think gave them the idea to call a porn magazine Cheri?"
"Hilarious!" He laughed, "Anyways, sorry if I stepped out of line."
"There was a line?" She acted as if there was a line starting at her bedroom door, "Where'd they all go?"
"I love you Aunt Piper. You're the coolest."
"Just...keep that thing...hidden."
"Hey! You're the one that stripped me."
"Ugh! That was stupid of me. Let's forget that ever happened. Heat of the moment mischief is all."
"So where am I sleeping?"
"There's two bedrooms upstairs. One above mine, one facing the other side of the house. I turned the third upstairs bedroom into a fitness room facing the pool. Take your pick."
"Yours."
"No vacancy." She pointed at him with a deadly glare. "Besides, Rotten sleeps next to me so I feel safe."
Hearing his name Rotten comes out of her bedroom with a pair of panties in his mouth and sits down at her feet. Staring at him Piper growls, "How did you get those?"
"I taught him how to open a dresser drawer."
"But, he can't open real doors? No you did not. You were sniffing my panties weren't you?"
"You caught me." He chuckled.
Shaking her head she stepped over and pulled him into a hug, a family style concerned hug, nothing intimate. Sighing on his shoulder she rubs his back, "It's good to have family near. Just...try and behave."
Behind them Anthony returns bearing more equipment and pauses, "Am I interrupting?"
"Nope! Just bonding with my nephew. Let's go get your bag from your truck. You can show it off."
"Awesome!" He puts his polo shirt on and heads for the door, passing Anthony. Taking her panties from Rotten she tucks them into Anthony's pants pocket.
"Little soggy but you can have these."
"If you call me Dawg, I'm gonna slap that sexy ass." He chuckled.
"Chicken!" She flares her eyes.
"So not Chicken." He slaps her ass as she winces.
"I meant KFC. Dammit man!" She hears Rotten growl at Anthony. "You hush Thief. Let's go take a walk while Anthony here finishes up." She motions Rotten to the front door. "Don't raid my pantie drawer like he did. I don't have cameras set up in there to catch you yet." She giggles.
"After the fun I'm having...I'm here to serve."
"Serve the chicken when it gets here." She plucks her cell from her pants pocket and calls in an order on her way out. Extra everything would feed them for two days. All but Anthony at least.
Outdoors, Mace bragged about his truck as Piper leashed Rotten before he chased anything. A short walk around the block together they talked about everything from his sister in college to his Father's horses. It was nice that not once did Mace bring up her ex-husband or her cheerleading days. Returning home just as Grub Hub delivered her order they grabbed his duffle of extra clothing and headed back inside. Anthony was a whirlwind once he didn't have any distractions, having set up her bedroom camera and aimed it straight down at her bed. Other than fantasizing of watching her and Josie in that bed he was pretty much done.
After a fast meal he showed Piper the system and helped her set a password to activate and deactivate the alarm. She opted to install more cameras for every room considering Rotten would have the run of the house, even installing an app for her cell to link up with what was going on at home while at work. Anthony would come back later in the week to add the other cameras. She felt safe with Mace here to keep tabs on her dog during his homecoming. Said and done, Anthony thanked her and took his leave. His boss calling as he left bitched him out for taking so long. He just ignored the old man and drove off.
"Ummm? Aunt Piper?" Mace came down the staircase from above.
"Yes?"
"There's no curtains or blinds in any of the bedrooms."
"Never gonna be any either. Free Spirit's live here." She spoke too soon.
"So you're going to walk naked in front of me?"
"No. And, you're going to keep your clothes on too Mister. I'm talking about others looking in. Just don't give them reason to look."
"You don't?" He laughs.
"Sometimes." She bats her eyes looking sly.
"Show me Nashville tomorrow?"
"Show you? Hell I don't know Nashville yet." She laughed. "Maybe I'll see if Josie can show us around."
"And, her hot daughters?"
"Sure! Just...don't get attached."
"Why not?"
"Feeling very protective of those girls." She recalls the ordeal at Kelly Herbert's home, between her beau Dominic and the pain in the ass Knox Hardecker. Tempted to warn Mace about him she just shrugged it off.
"So...Josie's married?"
"Yep! Her husband is really nice. His name is Henry."
"Henry?" He laughs, "Sounds old."
"Oh, he's...energetic for his age."
"You fucked him didn't you?" He drooped his chin.
"Shush! Maybe."
"So you're doing Husband and wife?"
"Nunya! Yessssss! Dammit Mace."
"Not knocking you Aunt Piper, just don't give me hell for flirting with anyone."
"I can't stop you Mace, but all I ask is...the twins are still...virgins...seventeen like I said." Again she omitted the fact that their birthday's were coming up in under two weeks. Getting his hopes up too soon might encourage him even more. What she didn't realize was that he might actually be more into their Mother.
"Not exactly as experienced as you might think Aunt Piper." He frowns sheepishly.
"Well, that's good to hear."
"Almost did it with Ivy Prather back home, but her Dad walked in. A good thing because all along she was seeing an older man. Ivy was nineteen, he was thirty three. Sad!"
"Nothing wrong with older hookups." She laughed. "Cougar me."
"You've changed since..."
"ZIP IT!!" She warned him with a sneer, "That name is no longer heard." Another point at Rotten made him realize the pup might miss his old Master. Davon and he were pretty close before his incarceration.
"Right! Anyway, I like this nude-I mean new you."
"Funny boy." She smirked, "Don't get used to seeing that."
"I wouldn't care you know that. This is your house be yourself."
"Not right and we both know it Mace. Let's not let the neighbors think there's more going on here than there really is. What happened earlier was hijinks, nothing more."
"Best time ever."
"Uh huh! Last time ever." She knew better. For now however, he needed to think her behavior was contained. Piper of course, didn't want things to go too far, but she did enjoy being flirty. She called him on ego earlier, Piper had her own. With a deafening sigh she changed the subject.
"PUPPPPPPPPPPPYYYYYYYYY!"
Rotten was going to be spoiled.