"Do you want to go driving," my husband asked.
"Where?" I replied.
He answered, "I don't know, just driving."
It was a beautiful sunny day and I had no pressing work obligations so I responded, "yes, but let me get a few things before we go."
We lived in a large city with lots of driving and nearby destination options. I was excited at the opportunity to spend a day out together. We had been married for a little over a year and were still well in the "newlywed" stage of marriage. Both of us had been busy lately and had found little time pursue our newly discovered exhibitionistic interests. It was a warm, sunny summer morning, so I dressed in a sexy flowered sundress with thin straps for our drive. The skirt of the dress was short stopping several inches above my knees and the top drooped quite low displaying a substantial amount of my ample cleavage between my 38DD tits. Our recent movie theater and other experiences around the apartment complex had perked my exhibitionist interests, and I knew my husband enjoyed me showing some skin while we are out, so this outfit would be perfect for us to have some erotic experiences.
To add to the sexy attire, I went to the bedroom and searched my lingerie drawer for a new pair of lace thong panties I had bought. These purple panties matched the flowered sundress well and matched well to the lace bra that I was wearing. Something about wearing sexy bra and panties really helps to get me going. I also grabbed my "fun" bag that included items such as wipes, towels, blindfold, ties, and my favorite vibrators anticipating we might want to play while we were out.
We were not even out of our apartment parking lot before I felt my husband's warm hand touch my shoulder, and slide down to find the fullness of my left breast. It felt so good. How did he know I was really feeling horny today? Clearly, he had the same sexy thoughts for our trip.
As we pulled out of the complex headed towards the nearest interstate he gently tugged the strap of my dress off my left shoulder revealing the top of the cup of my dark purple bra. He then reached around behind my neck and slid the right strap off my other shoulder as well. This left my thin sundress barely hanging on my large, nearly exposed breasts. My body tingled in excitement.
We entered the interstate with six lanes of traffic headed East and he moved over two lanes knowing that the tractor trailers had to stay to the right. I initially assumed my husband was trying to avoid having to weave in and out of the slower trucks, but I soon realized he had different motives. These big trucks sat so high that truck drivers could get a good show if they glanced down as we passed. Our car was moving at a pace in the appropriate lane to give them a good look if they wanted.
After a few minutes we passed a trucker that was clearly noticed my exposure. As we passed he sped up to try to ride along side of us. Realizing we had an observer, my husband told me to pull my dress down further and give the trucker a good look at my entire sexy, lace bra. I tugged the dress down more and turned my body towards the window completely displaying my bra-covered breasts, and, surprising even myself, I then spread my legs and pulled my dress up to my waist giving the trucker a look right up my thighs to my panty-covered pussy. I suppose I wanted him to see that I had a sexy, matching bra and panty set. The appreciative trucker honked and kept pace with us to continue watching.
My husband then asked me to tell him what the trucker was doing which meant I had to look at him. Thus far I had avoided making eye contact because that would make it more personal. When I did look his direction, I saw not just one, but two truckers looking at me, the driver and a passenger standing next to him looking over. The driver gave me the thumbs up and smiled really big and motioned for us to get off the interstate. Scared I told my husband, "there are two of them watching me, lets go on", so we sped up pulling away a little from the truck.
My husband looked at me and said, "that was hot." Breathing heavily, I nodded in agreement.
We drove along for about 10 minutes until we were nearing a rest area. My husband looked at me and nodded at the rest stop sign. I assumed he needed a restroom so I nodded yes. We pulled into the rest area and to my surprise we went to the right towards the "truck parking only" side. As we continued towards the parking area, I looked into my rearview mirror and saw that the truck that had previously seen me had also pulled into the rest area. We pulled past the few other trucks already parked and settled in a spot away from other trucks near the end. In just a few moments the truck pulled in and parked right next to us. This made me very nervous, but also a little excited. I was so unsure of what would happen next.
Still sitting there with my bra and panties on display with my sundress mostly gathered around my waist, my husband told me to roll down the window. I first nodded no because I was very nervous, but when he again said "roll it down just a little bit", I relented. With the window down about one quarter of the way I looked over and saw the trucker had rolled down his window all the way. There I sat with both breasts on display in my lace bra and my dress pulled up to my waist showing my sexy panties. The driver smiled and asked "do you want to come in here so that we can get a better look?" I frantically shook my head no and quickly rolled the window up. I was not ready for more and this seemed to be progressing much faster than my comfort level.
My husband knew I was too nervous and he didn't want to kill the mood, so he smiled, gave me a quick but sexy kiss, and then put the car in drive and pulled out of the rest area. After getting back on the interstate, my husband asked me if I wanted to play a little. Feeling more at ease and still feeling very turned on, I asked, "I think so, what do you have in mind?"
He said, "why don't you find the ties that we had brought with us."
He knows that I enjoy being tied up and played with. I had even let him tie my hands a couple of times while he played with me in an empty movie theater. I had not however been tied up in such a vulnerable situation. This excited me more and I searched through my bag to find the ties. He told me to take my bra off; which I did, and then knot one tie around each of my wrists; which I also did. Nervously I pulled my dress straps back up to cover my now nude tits. He followed that by pulling off the next exit and stopped on the exit ramp so that he could tie my hands up behind my head to my head rest. With my hands tied, he didn't stop. He removed my panties and pulled two more ties, looped them around my thighs, and tied each of my thighs spread apart to the sides of my seat.
This was very exciting. He pulled my dress down again so that my breasts were completely exposed and he pulled the bottom of my dress up so that anyone passing us could see my nude strawberry blonde hair-covered pussy. Finally he reached into my bag and found my blindfold and placed it over my eyes. He told me to relax, close my eyes, and let him have control.
I felt the car begin to move and I knew we had re-entered the interstate. I could feel traffic around us and hear the sounds of several large trucks on our right as we continued to drive. My husband occasionally reached over to gentle stroke my breasts or run his hand up the inside of my thigh. Before long I heard a trucker honk making me jump nervously. My husband again told me to relax and he was in control. I heard my window go down and felt the warm summer air rush across by exposed breasts. I could tell from the sounds that we were likely coming up on another trucker. My body was on fire being so vulnerable and so uncertain of what was happening around me.
He told me to turn my body as much as I could to face my window. I did and even in the warm summer wind, I felt a chill go down my spine. My husband said a trucker was watching me. The trucker rolled down his window and began yelling things to me. I heard him ask "follow me to the next exit."
I heard my window go back up and I thought maybe my husband was moving on, but then I felt our car move suddenly to the right and slow down. I could tell that we were getting off the interstate. "Just relax," my husband said again. Very soon I felt the car come to a complete stop on what sounded like gravel.
Sitting there nervously exposed and tied up, I jumped when I heard a tap at the window. "No honey, don't roll the window down," I begged.
My husband responded, "it will be fine and exciting. Isn't this what we have fantasized about."
Relenting I nodded "yes," then I heard the window next to me go down.
I heard a strange voice ask, "Can I touch?" My husband must have nodded "yes" because I felt a rough, warm hand gently touch my right breast. I then felt that hand softly caress my nipple and next I felt the warmth of a mouth on my nipple.
I felt another warm sensation on my other breast that was very familiar and realized my husband was sucking my other breast. In mere moments I was squirming in my seat moving as much as the bonds tying me would allow. I felt a hand slip between my thighs, rubbing from the outside to the inside, and finally finding its way into my wet pussy. Surely this was also my husband's touch, wasn't it? I heard my husband breath into my ear and ask, "are you enjoying this?"
I nodded affirmatively.
My husband told me, "you look so sexy tied up, exposed, getting touched all over." He exclaimed, "I want you to see what is happening" and he removed my blindfold.
I opened my eyes and blinked back to certainty and was immediately more turned on with the reality that the hot sensation within me - between my legs, was not my husband touching my pussy but this stranger who had his mouth on one breast and his strong but gentle fingers massaging my moist, throbbing mound. I looked at my husband with a fleeting sense of panic moving to a feeling of pure delight. The stranger continued to work his fingers in my pussy while my husband talked to me in my ear telling me how hot this was to watch and to let go and come for them.
In no time I understood that I could not hold back the waves of energy that overtook my pussy. As the stranger continued to massage my pussy just right, I loudly complied with my husband's command and I came in a shattering orgasm for them arching my back as my nipples became fully erect. The stranger left his fingers in my quivering pussy to soak up as much as he could and then I watched him place his finger in his mouth tasting me as he did.
"Thank you for making my day," he said. I hope to catch you again.
All I could do was nod taking a moment to catch my breath. I looked down and realized how on display I had been. Our car was parked in a gravel parking lot right next to the interstate. Cars were flying past us in a constant flow. Inside the car my entire body was out for the stranger's eyes to see. My thin dress was little more than a fabric belt around my stomach. Both breasts had been completely exposed and my nipples were rock hard. My legs were tied spread far apart and I had scooted down in my seat providing better access to pussy. It was currently open and dripping wet with my juice running down the inside of my thighs.
Somewhat surprisingly the trucker left and I glanced over at my husband's large bulge in his pants as he untied my binds starting with my thighs and then moving to my arms. Once he had me untied and we were alone, he told me to get out of the car. In a daze of sexual exhaustion, I complied.
I stood next to the car with my breasts still exposed but the dress fell to cover me below the waist and I watched as my husband walked around to my side of the car and stood next to me. I pulled my dress straps back up to cover my tits and then he hugged me in his arms and told me how hot that was. I confirmed his excitement when I reached down and felt his rock-hard erection. As I stroked his cock I went down to my knees and placed my mouth on his cock. I heard him moan. He clearly was very turned on.
After only a few moments, he took my hand and led me to the hood of the car. I knew that any vehicle coming by could easily see us in this position. He laid me back on the hood pulling the bottom of my dress up and drove his tongue into my soaking wet pussy. His hands roamed up my body and stroked my nipples through my dress as his tongue hit the right spot. I came again, loudly and clenched my thighs around his head.
He grabbed my hand, pulled me off the hood, turned me around, and bent me down over the hood. In this position I was even more exposed to passing cars, but it was not enough, my husband reached up and the slid the straps of my dress down my arms and over my hands. With my breasts now hanging down bare, I could occasionally feel them rub across the metal car hood. When my dress settled on my waist, my husband didn't hesitate to tug once more and pull it over my hips dropping it completely to the ground.
He began fucking me from behind. I was even more exposed this time to passing cars, with my breasts facing the road as they bounced up and down on the car hood, my naked ass was in view from the side, and my husband was thrusting his hard cock inside my wet pussy. I love getting fucked like this and the situation added to my excitement. My breasts began to bounce in a rhythm with each thrust. I looked up and saw a truck coming our way down the interstate. My husband grabbed both arms and pulled back holding me up as straight as possible on display for the approaching vehicle. The truck was soon to be upon us when I heard my husband release his orgasm with a large moan. The truck passed us just as he had unloaded in me. He released me and we quickly got in the car as the truck honked letting us know he had indeed seen us.