I appreciate hearing from the readers of my stories and I want to thank all those who took time to send me an email. I try to answer every email in a timely manner however life catches up with us all, from time to time. If I haven't replied to your email yet, I will soon. Again, thank you for all your kind comments.
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Please read the previous chapters to this story so you will know what everyone has been up to.
**PLEASE NOTE**
Originally I split this chapter into two parts but I've decided to combine both parts and present them as one whole chapter.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged!
~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
Chapter 13 - The BBQ
Donna and I were in the kitchen getting ready for the party when Jake called out, "Mike and Sarah are back."
I looked up and saw both dad and Jake walk past the patio door just as Mike appeared carrying two cases of beer. I asked Mike, "Why did you buy more beer, we have plenty?"
Mike smiled at me saying, "I couldn't resist getting more beer, the price was minimal."
"Was it on sale or something?" I asked.
Mike was putting the beer he was carrying in the pantry when dad and Jake walked into the house and each of them was carrying a case of beer.
Mike walked out of the pantry I said, "Damn Mike, I appreciate you getting more beer but you didn't have to buy more, we have plenty. I guess we will have enough to carry us over for a long time to come."
Sarah walked into the house with two girls following close behind her and with a big smile she said, "Matt you're not going to believe what a good bargain we got on the beer and these chips." She walked over to the counter and set down the three shopping bags of chips. I looked between Mike, Sarah and the girls before saying, "You shouldn't have bought all that stuff for the party we have plenty."
Sarah, Mike and the girls began laughing giving me the hint I had missed something so I asked, "What's going on? Is there something I missed?"
Sarah continued to smile saying, "Oh Matt, we didn't buy this stuff we just got a really great bargain on all of it."
Donna turned around at the counter and joined me in her look of confusion waiting for Mike Sarah to explain.
Sarah said, "First let me introduce you to my sister Brandi and Mike's sister Julie. Brandi, Julie this wonderful couple is Matt and Donna."
Donna picked up and towel and wiped her hands before walking over to Julie and Brandi. One by one she pulled each of them into a hug, mashing her naked body against theirs for a few seconds longer than a brief hug. I followed Donna's lead and hugged each of them and before releasing each of them I said, "I am so glad to meet you and I want to welcome you to our home. I see that Mike and Sarah have informed you of our house rule."
Brandi spoke up saying, "I wasn't sure about being naked a little while ago but since I've been naked for awhile now, I'm getting used to all this. I have to say, I'm enjoying the views seeing all the hard cocks bobbing around here."
Julie stood there blushing before she said, "Yeah, when I first heard I was going to be naked with a whole bunch of other people, I was more than a little nervous. Today is the first time anyone has seen me naked so I hope you like what you see."
I looked at Julie and said, "In this house everyone has to be nude and we are not judgmental about anyone. We accept you for who you are and we want you to feel right at home here."
Donna walked over to Julie and Brandi before saying, "While you are here, we want you to feel comfortable. It's ok to look at each other and appreciate how they look."
I couldn't resist and while looking between both Julie and Brandi I said, "I'm glad you're here and I must tell you, both of you look lovely."
Looking down I intentionally looked at both Brandi and Julie's pussy before saying, "I love bald pussy that's why Donna keeps hers waxed smooth. I see both of you are bald too so I'd say both of you are off to a great start."
Donna stepped between Brandi and Julie and put her arms around their shoulder and said, "Come with me, let me show you around. If we stay here too much longer, Matt will be drooling all over your pussy."
Mike and Sarah pitched right in and helped get the food and snacks ready. By the time we finished the refrigerator was packed with trays of snacks. They helped put out all the non-perishable snacks on the patio. We noticed dad and Jake took charge of packing the coolers on the patio with beer and ice.
All too soon the doorbell rang and Mike started walking towards the front door saying, "I'll get it, that's likely to be Jim and Becky."
Immediately after opening the door, I heard laughter and looked that way to see Mike shaking hands with Jim then Becky as they stepped into the house leading the way with three guys following them. A few seconds later I noticed the first female face peeking into the house. I wiped my hands and then walked towards the door.
Jim stepped towards me and heartily shook my hand saying, "Matt, thank you so much for allowing us to bring our guests to your party. Becky and I had such a wonderful time the last time we were here, you and your wife are great hosts.
Becky stepped towards me and threw her arms around my neck, hugged me closely and gave me a kiss on the cheek before saying, "Matt thank you so much I'm glad we could come back. By the way where's Donna?"
I leaned my upper body back keeping my hips and semi hard cock pressed tightly against Becky while I answered, "I am so glad you could make it. Donna is showing the babysitters what she wants them to do and where things are."
Becky stepped back from our hug then stepped off to my side and put her arm around my back. Standing beside Becky and me Jim said, "Let me introduce you to my college friends."
Two of the three females who came with Jim and Becky were standing just outside the door looking in when Jim waved his arm saying, "Come in, it's ok you don't have to be shy, we came here to have fun and party."
Once all three females were inside they remained huddled in a group trying to ignore the fact that Mike and I were standing in front of them completely nude and not trying to cover our cock.
Jim started the introductions by stating, "As I call out your name please raise your hand. I'll introduce everyone by their name and at the same time I'll call them by couple. The first couple is Ken and Brianne but we call her Bri, next is Tim and Jen and finally, standing over there is Joe and Deb."
I smiled and nodded my head at each person as they were introduced. When Jim finished I said, "I'm glad to meet all of you and I welcome you to our home. My wife Donna will be joining us soon. I know Jim and Becky have mentioned it to you but I want to let you know our house rule applies to everyone who comes here, including our parents who are also here for the party. My wife and I are nudists with a slight touch of exhibitionism and our house rule is, if you stay longer than ten minutes, you must remove all your clothes and remain naked or nude throughout your visit here."
One of the girls in the back asked, "Can we keep our panties on for a while if we take off everything else."
I smiled at her then looked at everyone before saying, "It doesn't matter to me what you leave on as long as you are completely naked within ten minutes."
Becky let go of me and started taking off her clothes. She was topless by the time she said, "Deb, I told you, you might as well take everything off at once and get it over with."
Looking at me Becky said, "This is the first time any of them have been to a social nudist party and they had millions of questions before we got here. Jim and I have only been here one time so we tried to answer their questions the best we could."
I looked around at the group of people and noticed Jim pushing his shorts down his legs. He was totally naked facing his friends while Becky was standing next to me topless. Finally I said, "We have our house rule that you must be nude while you are here but other than that, anything goes as long as each person is consenting. In this house, no definitely means no, so please don't force yourself upon anyone else."
I looked at Becky and saw her perky tits standing out from her chest and said, "They are just as lovely as I remember them."
Becky blushed and looked around at all their friends before saying, "I have a surprise for you Matt."
When she finished talking Becky stepped forward and turned so all of us could see her as she seductively swayed to imaginary music as she unbuttoned the button on her shorts and slowly unzipped them. Becky did the side to side girl shuffle all girls do as they push their shorts over their hips and down their ass cheeks. Finally gravity reached up and grabbed Becky's shorts and pulled them down her legs to pool at her feet.
I watched without saying a word, caught up in Becky's strip tease. I looked around the noticed that the other three girls were still standing close together and the guys stood off to the side of the girls and each one was sporting a tent in the front of their shorts.
Becky looked up at me and asked, "Matt, are you ready to see what I did, just for you?"
I looked Becky up and down trying to figure out what she was talking about. Her tits looked the same as I remember. They were at least a "C" cup and with no sag they stood out prominently from her chest topped off with light pink areolae and quarter inch nipples.
Becky stood before me in light blue satin bikini panties with a lace panel in the front. Try as I might I finally admitted to Becky, "I don't see anything different, you look great."
Smiling at me she finally hooked her thumbs into the waist band of her panties and slowly and seductively pushed them down watching my face for any indication I would figure out what was different.
Becky pushed her panties down her legs and stepped out of them. She bent forward and picked up her clothes off the floor and stuffed them in her canvas bag before standing back up and facing us. As she pushed her clothes into the bag I looked at her pussy and realized that Becky had a landing strip the last time she was here and now even the landing strip was gone.
I dropped to my knees and Becky automatically parted her feet so I had a better view of her pussy "Wow, did you do that just for me or because you saw everyone else is shaved bald?" I asked.
Leaning forward I kissed Becky's bald lips and then pushed my tongue into her lovely pussy and licked her clit and made her shiver. Becky held the back of my head momentarily before releasing me so I could stand back up.
"Really, I did it just this morning when I found out we were coming here for a party. I remember how much you love seeing bald pussy and I felt over dressed with my landing strip." Becky replied with a girlish giggle.
By now my cock was hard and standing out in front of me but that didn't stop Becky from stepping in front of me and pulling my cock between her legs and nestled it between the lips of her very wet pussy when she hugged and kissed me this time.
When we finished the hug Becky spun off to my side again and put her arm around my back with her hand resting on the top of my ass cheek. With a gentle squeeze she looked up at me saying, "I'm ready to party."
I turned and looked at all the new people who were still standing wide eyed, fully clothed inside the front door before I said, "As you can see, Becky has been here before and apparently comfortable undressing out here however you can use the bathroom in the hall if you want some privacy."
Deb finally spoke up looking at the other girls saying, "I don't know how I let Becky talk me into this. I'm nervous as hell! Especially after watching my best friend get her pussy licked right in front of all of us."
Bri was next to say, "Oh MY God, this is so strange! It makes me horny as hell but at the same time I'm nervous about showing my naked body to everyone here."
Jen piped up saying, "I'm with Becky, the faster we do this, the better off we will be. Is anyone going to lick my pussy?"
I watched as Jen stepped away from the rest of the group as she pulled her shirt up and off baring her bra covered tits as Bri and Deb both yelled, "Jen, not here!"
Jen smiled at both of them and said, "Everyone is going to see us naked soon. Does it really matter where we take off our clothes?"
Jen unhooked her bra and let it fall baring her rather large tits for everyone to see. I would estimate Jen wore at least a "D" or maybe a "DD" cup bra. Once she took her bra off, her lovely tits bounced in her hands as Jen rubbed under them. One thing I noticed was the ends of her tits were covered by large dark brown areolae topped off with half inch nipples which were very noticeable.
Jen turned to Tim and said, "Buddy boy if you think I'm the only one who is going to bare my body, you're mistaken." When she was finished talking she reached out before Tim could react and lifted his shirt up and over his head. Just as quickly she dropped to her knees and immediately started working on the button and zipper of his shorts. In one swift move she pulled both his shorts and boxers down his legs. Tim's hard cock popped into view almost hitting Jen in the chin. Once Tim was naked there was a collective gasp from Becky, Bri and Deb as they looked at the size of his cock. Tim didn't have a monster cock but he had a very long cock.
Tim stood there embarrassed with his hard cock bobbing up and down in front of Jen's face. Jen looked at his cock and said, "Damn honey that looks delicious."
Tim reached down and took Jen by her arms and picked her up to a standing position. Turning Jen so she was facing everyone, Tim reached around Jen and unfastened and unzipped her shorts. Tim whispered in her ear, "Paybacks are a bitch dear."
Tim hooked his thumbs under the waist band of Jen's shorts and tantalizingly pushed ever so slowly downward until the front of Jen's purple, lace g-string panties came into view. Tim leaned forward and in a loud sexy whisper, "Soon my dear, everyone is going to see what you're hiding between those lovely legs of yours."
Jen involuntarily shivered not knowing what Tim had planned for her but to keep up her brave face she turned her head towards Tim saying, "Go for it big boy, I bet you can't make me blush as bad as you did!"
Tim pushed Jen's shorts down until they fell and pooled around her feet. Jen stepped out of the shorts and kicked them off to the side. Just then, she felt Tim turning her again only this time he turned her around facing him. He pulled her close and kissed her deeply before pushing her backwards holding only her hands to stop her from going too far. Tim smiled at Jen as he pulled downward on her hands saying, "Bend over at your waist and part your feet."
Looking into Tim's eyes Jen suddenly realized if she bent over with her parted her legs, everyone behind her would see her puckered little asshole and her spread open pussy. Jen pleaded with her eyes without saying a word but she only saw the wicked smile spread across Tim's face.
Slowly Jen leaned forward bending at her waist while at the same time she moved her right foot off to the side. Becky and I moved over a little bit so we could see between Jen's ass cheeks. The only thing blocking our total view of Jen's ass and pussy was a thin piece of material.
Tim reached down and held his hard cock in front of Jen's mouth and without saying a word he offered it to her to suck. Jen looked up and Tim and opened her mouth as Tim stepped forward pushing more of his cock into her oral cavity.
As Jen began to suck his cock, Tim reached forward until he was able to hook him thumbs into the tiny strip of material which circled Jen's waist and started to push it downward."
There was a collective gasp from Deb and Bri as they watched Jen suck Tim's cock and he stripped away the last bit of her covering. Despite their apparent embarrassment everyone seemed to move and position themselves for the best view of Jen's unveiling.
Tim pushed the strip of material over Jen's ass cheeks and down her legs so all of us were able to see the pucker ring of Jen's asshole and the shiny outer and inner lips of her spread open pussy. It was obvious to all of us that being exposed this way was turning Jen on to the point she was dripping wet. Tim touched Jen's asshole making her jump and moan all at the same time.
"Stand up." Tim instructed Jen.
There was a rather loud pop at Jen pulled off Tim's cock and once she was standing vertical again Tim hugged Jen to him saying, "I told you pay back is a bitch."
Jen blushed and looked down at her g-string panties lying at her feet. After kicking them off to the side she turned around and faced their other friends so they could see her lovely large tits and her flawless bald pussy. Jen said, "I think I love being an exhibitionist or nudist which ever will give me the most naked exposure."
Tim wasn't finished yet as he stepped behind Jen and reach around under her arms and cupped Jen's left tit before starting to bounce it with his hand. His right hand moved slowly down her flat stomach past her slender waist to her bald pussy. Tim's middle finger moved and explored Jen's pussy until he found her clit and massaged while all of us watched.
Jen leaned her head back against Tim's shoulder and moaned, "Oh my God, I can't believe you're doing this to me in front of everyone. You know how this affects me, God I'm so fucking wet, I'm dripping."
As Tim planted small kisses on Jen's exposed neck he whispered with a smile, "You started it."
The moment was broken when we suddenly heard Deb exclaim, "Damn Jen, I can't believe you allowed Tim to strip you in front of everyone and now you're letting him play with your cunt."
"When I take off my clothes I'm going to do it in privacy of the bathroom." Deb continued.
A squeal sounded and everyone looked towards Deb as she giggled, wiggled and wobbled in a vain attempt to stop Joe from unsnapping her shorts. Joe fought Deb's hands as he worked desperately trying to keep her shorts unzipped but to no avail. Deb had fast hands and kept pulling her zipper back up every time Joe unzipped her.
All the commotion caused everyone else in the house to come and investigate what was going on. Donna walked into the living room carrying Kim followed closely by Brandi and Julie. Mom and dad along with Jake and Beth walked through the patio doors through the kitchen to where we were standing.
We watched as Joe changed tactics and started tickling Deb instead of fighting her hands in effort to unzip her shorts. Deb went hysterical with laughter and started squirming all around in an attempt to get away from Joe's hands.
Deb looked up at Joe during her laughing fit and screamed, "Damn it Joe, stop before I pee my pants in front of all these NAKED people. Holy shit, Joe stop please, I can't hold it much more!"
Her pleas fell on deaf ears as Joe continued his tickling assault. Deb sunk to the floor in and attempt to get away from Joe's tickling fingers and ended up just rolling from side to side laughing, screaming and begging Joe to stop his relentless tickle attack.
"This is going nowhere quick I guess I better go help Deb." Becky said as she walked forward and knelt down and reached for the snap on Deb's shorts. Deb realized what Becky was doing and started to kick at her but Becky would not be deterred as she moved to the side and skillfully undid the snap and zipper of Deb's shorts. Becky reached up and pulled Deb's shorts down her legs which limited her leg movement and she started to plead louder, "Please stop, I'm going to pee myself if you don't stop. Please! Oh Please Stop!"
Once Deb's shorts were gone we were all treated to a lovely view as Deb rolled and spread her legs in an attempt to keep anyone from taking her panties off. Deb had chosen blue cotton bikini panties and during the struggle they rode up on her and the leg holes were now lodged in the crack of her ass and her pussy. We could see Deb's puffy pussy lips wrapped around a thin strip of blue cotton. The best part is she had a wet spot in the center of her panty crotch and as we watched it got bigger.
"Oh God, I'm going to pee if you don't stop." Deb screamed just as Becky yanked hard on Deb's panties pulling them down her legs and off her feet.
In all the excitement with Deb trying to get away from the tickling she gave us an excellent view of her extended clit pushing out from under the clit hood and her puffy pussy lips all wet and glistening.
Deb thrashed around on the floor as Joe continued to tickle her as he gathered her shirt and pulled it upward until he pulled off completely.
Clad in only her bra Joe stopped tickling Deb momentarily and Deb took advantage of the situation and jumped up and yelled, "Where's the bathroom?"
Becky grabbed Deb's hand and pulled her towards the hall and the bathroom door. Deb's tiny ass cheeks bounced with each running step she took giving all of us quite a show.
With that excitement quelled Donna asked, "What was that all about?"
I smiled and replied, "Oh it was nothing, Joe and Becky decided to help Deb with her clothes."
Bri looked at Ken with a wide smile on her face she whispered loud enough for all of us to hear her, "Don't you get any funny ideas about stripping me like that."
Ken smiled back at Bri and said, "I wouldn't do that to you but I'll make a deal with you."
Bri asked, "What kind of deal?"
Ken said with a devilish grin, "Since we are going to be naked, I'll match you, article for article until both of us are naked."
Bri looked at Ken and said, "But you only have three articles of clothes on compared to my four articles so you have to take your shorts and tee-shirt off first."
The logic didn't seem right to Ken however without hesitation he took off his shirt and shorts and stood next to Bri in his boxers.
Bri looked at everyone and then said, "Well, here it goes, naked or bust!"
All of us laughed at Bri's statement because she didn't have much of a bust which was evident by the lack of bumps at chest level of her shirt.
Bri lifted her shirt up until we saw her cute white lace bra covering the tiny mounds of her breasts. Once she pulled the shirt off her head she dropped it on the floor and went to work immediately in the snap and zipper of her shorts. In a flash Bri was standing before us in her matching white lace bra and panties.
I immediately noticed Bri's pubic mound stood out prominently at the apex of her long tanned thighs. Watching Bri I also noticed there didn't seem to be any white skin under her white lowrider bikini panties indicating that Bri was most likely a closet nudist.
After standing in front of us for a few seconds without her shorts on she looked at Ken and asked, "Well big boy are you ready to show these lovely ladies that wonderful cock which you are doing a very poor job at hiding?"
Ken smiled and said, "I'll take yours off and you take mine off."
Bri walked behind Ken so we would have an unobstructed view of him being unveiled as Deb and Becky walked back into the living room and both of them were completely naked now.
Bri hooked her thumbs into Ken's boxers and a loud all female cheer echoed through the house as she quickly pushed them down. Ken's stiff cock bounced up and down a couple of times before pointing almost straight up in the air. Bri left Ken's boxers around his ankles and moved her hands slowly up the front of his legs until she reached his cock. Standing behind Ken she began to slowly stroke his cock saying, "Ladies, this is my boyfriend Ken and I love his cock, it never seems to go down."
Once again there was a loud all female cheer and Beth yelled, "Do you share that cock?"
Bri looked at Beth saying, "We have never done anything like that but then again we have never attended a nudist party before so I guess what happens here, stays here."
Ken stood still and let Bri stoke his cock for a few seconds before he turned and moved Bri in front of him. Before turning Bri around to face us he kissed her passionately. Once Bri was facing everyone Ken moved his hands right to the clip on Bri's bra and once he unclipped it he pushed the straps down her arms exposing her tiny tits to everyone's eyes. Unceremoniously
Ken pushed Bri's white panties down exposing her pussy to all of us then said, "Guys my girlfriend only has tiny tits but check out this beautiful pussy with this high pubic bone. When we make love I always let her get on top and ride the pony because if you try missionary with her, you'll be sore for a week."
Everyone cheered and Bri stood there blushing because this is the first time a group of people were looking at her tiny tits and Ken had talked about their personal love making information.
Bri has always been embarrassed about her small bumps but after looking around the room and seeing others with small tits, she started feeling a little less self conscience about the size of her tits.
Bri was standing next to Joe, as I watched Deb and Becky started moving slowly to make their way back over where Joe was standing. Bri looked around and saw that Joe was the only one still dressed so she yelled, "Come on girls let's strip this son of a bitch for what he did to Deb."
There was a lot of commotion as all the women except Donna rushed forward to strip Joe. Try as he might Joe could not remain standing nor could he defend himself from all the hands pulling at his clothing. There was a sound of ripping and tearing but that didn't stop the women who were bent on revenge for Deb. Finally there were some hoots and cheering as pieces of Joe's clothes were held high as evidence Joe was naked.
Once all the noise and excitement died down, I made the introductions of Donna, Tom, Brenda, Jake, Beth, Mike, Sarah, Brandi and Julie then I asked each of the new comers to introduce themselves. So one by one each of the new people called out their name and everyone greeted each other.
Jim said we have a lot of stuff in the cars to bring in so anyone wanting to help us is welcome to jump right in. As the guys walked out the front door completely naked Jen quickly asked, "What are they doing, they can't go outside naked?"
Beth stepped up behind the girls and looked out at all the naked butts walking off the porch and said, "Around here, all of us are naked in the house, in the back yard and even in the front yard. If anyone comes and complains, then we offer them to leave and not come back. This is Matt and Donna's house and they have a house rule, no clothes!"
Jen asked, "So we can go out there naked to and we don't have to worry?"
Donna stepped up and said, "Yes you can be naked out in the front yard. Matt and I own ten acres which you can roam naked if you want."
Jen stepped out on the front porch and timidly walked towards the steps before turning around and saying, "Come on, this is so cool, I can't believe I am walking in the front yard naked."
All the girls ran laughing and giggling out to the car and helped bring in the supplies.
Jake and dad caught up with me when I was in the pantry and both of them patted me on the back. Dad was the first to say, "Matt I don't know how you started all this but I have to hand it to you and Donna, this nudist stuff is an excellent idea. I've never seen this much naked pussy in one place in my whole life. I love looking at all of them and as you can see my cock won't go down either."
I was standing in front of them with a hard-on of my own when Jake said, "I wish I was twenty years younger. I have to tell you all this pussy is driving me crazy to."
I smiled and said, "As you already know, Donna and I started our nudist lifestyle when we were first married and we were always afraid to tell both of you about it because both you were so strict when we were growing up. Now I'm glad everything has changed so have fun today."
When the three of us walked out of the pantry mom, Beth, Julie and Brandi were standing in the kitchen and all of them noticed each of us had a hard cock leading the way. Beth walked up to dad and said, "It looks like you need some relief."
He smiled at Beth and said, "Your husband has the same problem."
Mom stepped over to us and stroked Jake's cock before saying, "I can take care of this for you if you want me to?
Jake smiled at mom and said, "I can use all the help I can get at this point."
Mom slowly sunk down to her knees and opened her mouth and licked the end of Jake's cock before she took the head of his cock into her mouth.
Beth watched mom and Jake before looking back at dad asking, "Tiger, do you want some of the same treatment?"
Dad mumbled something that I didn't hear but the next thing I knew, Beth was on her knees before my father and imitating all the moves mom was doing with Jake's cock. Soon both men were standing there pumping their hips forward into the waiting mouths of their partner.
I looked up and saw Brandi and Julie watching mom and Beth. A moment after I noticed Brandi and Julie watching dad and Jake getting a blow job Sarah walked into the kitchen and stopped to watch.
A few seconds later Sarah looked at her sister and Julie and asked, "Do either of you want some practice sucking a cock?"
I glanced at Sarah and smiled at her but she didn't see me because she was looking at her sister.
Timidly, Brandi stepped towards me saying, "Wow, two cocks in the same day this is awesome."
I was confused what she meant but Sarah interrupted and said, "I'll explain that to you later."
Just as Brandi got down on her knees in front of me, I saw Julie walk over and sink to her knees beside Brandi. Julie reached for my cock and as she brought it towards her mouth she stuck out her tongue and licked the head of my cock saying, "Brandi and I are sharing everything today."
Both Brandi and Julie took turns sucking my cock as Sarah watched. Donna walked into the kitchen and stopped to watch the action as the three of us received blow jobs. I was just beginning to feel the effects of the two girls sucking my cock when I saw Sarah move over and get on her knees before Donna. Donna automatically parted her feet to allow Sarah full access to her pussy.
I was the first one to start moaning as the girls double teamed my cock and balls. I was only moments away from cumming when I heard Sarah say, "Be good to him girls, suck him dry."
I felt my cum starting to move and I warned the girls by saying, "Its cumming, NOW."
Both girls took turns swallowing my cum and I felt one of them jerking my cock with a hand and when I looked down at the two waiting mouths, I had one last burst of cum left in me and it shot out of my cock and hit Brandi on her nose. Brandi let out a squeal of joy and Julie turned and laughed at her before sticking out her tongue and licking the glob of cum off Brandi.
Both girls embraced while kneeling in front of me and hugged each other. Their embrace led to fondling and groping each other's body and kissing. After a few minutes they both stood up the three of us leaned back against the counter watching all the oral sex happening in the kitchen.
Standing with our backs to the kitchen counter I was in the middle between Brandi and Julie with an arm draped over each of their shoulder. I allowed my hand to rest lightly over a tit on each of the girls. As we watched the action in front of us I started to gently massage a tit.
Brandi leaned into my side and said, "Mmmmmm, that feels great, please don't stop."
Julie cupped her hand over mine and helped me squeeze her tit more tightly.
"Don't you find it a little weird watching your parents have sex Matt?" Brandi asked me.
I looked at her and then at Julie before replying, "Not at all because all of us love each other, we share our love physically."
Julie face twisted as she digested what I said and then she asked, "Do you mean you and Donna have sex with each other and your parents?"
"Yes, that's exactly what I am saying and I might add we find it very invigorating to share our love with our parents. I think if you ask our parents how they feel about making love to us they will tell you the same thing." I said while looking between Brandi and Julie.
Donna started breathing heavy while holding the back of Sarah's head pulling her face into her pussy. Donna gasped, "That's it right there, suck my clit. OH GOD that feels so good!"
Both Jake and dad were moaning loudly and almost simultaneously they yelled, "I'm cumming"
Donna was right behind them yelling, "OH GOD, SARAH, that's it baby, oh ummmmmmmm!"
We watched as Donna's knees bent and her legs shook as her orgasm gripped her body and Sarah had a firm hold on Donna's ass cheeks not allowing Donna to pull back away from her probing and licking tongue.
Brandi whispered to Julie, "I didn't know Sarah liked to lick pussy."
Julie responded, "Brandi before we get done here today, I want to experiment on you and lick your pussy and maybe more. I never expected babysitting here would make me so fucking horny."
Once everyone was finished and had a chance to catch their breath each of us got a cold beer or drink and headed out to the patio to join the others.
Everyone was sitting around talking when we went out and found a place to sit. The one thing I noticed immediately when mom, Beth, Donna, Becky and Sarah sat down they automatically spread their legs as wide as the chair would allow while Brandi, Julie, Jen Deb and Bri sat with their legs together or crossed.
Even though we had a rather dramatic show while the guests disrobed everyone was still in the shy mode not sure what to say or do. Mike, Sarah, Jim and Becky were trying their best to keep the ice broken but to no avail.
Donna finally stood up and asked, "Anyone for a game of water volley ball?"
Loud cheers could be heard from everyone and suddenly there was a rush to get into the pool. We counted heads and with Julie joining us we had seventeen in the pool. Brandi and Julie made a deal to split babysitting or checking on the baby so each of them had time to participate in the functions at the party.
Our water volleyball game started like all the others with all the participants concentrating on the game. I'm not sure who started it but within a half an hour not only were we playing volleyball and organized game of grab ass and other parts started. There were squeals and screams from the girls and the guys kind of took everything in stride when they were touched or stroked. Every now and then someone would receive a playful slap which always drew a chorus of ohhhs and owwws from everyone except the person who was slapped.
The game continued for about an hour before someone said, "I need something to drink."
All of us agreed to take a break and get some snacks and drinks. I said, "Ladies please take a seat today is your lucky day, the guys are going to get the snacks and drinks."
While some of the guys stayed on the patio and took drink orders from the women, Dad, Mike and Jake followed me into the kitchen to get some chips and prepared snacks. Each of us grabbed something and took it out and put it on the tables we had set up.
"There's something about swimming that makes me hungry." Deb said as she helped herself to some of the snacks.
"There's something about being groped repeatedly makes me horny." Bri added
Everyone burst out laughing while Bri raised her voice above everyone else saying, "Well it's true, I may not have much for tits but for some reason I had a lot of hands cupping these little babies and it felt great. If there is anyone else wants to feel these lil titties I'd welcome it."
Dad looked at Bri saying with a smile, "I have to admit, I was one of the people who cupped and played with your lil titties every chance I got."
Jen piped up, "I loved it when Beth came up behind me and felt up my tits. She held them and massaged them at least ten seconds before she released me. Thanks Beth."
"You have lovely breasts honey and I just couldn't resist when you moved in front of me and they seemed like they were floating on the water." Beth said between sips of her drink.
Brandi added, "I'm not sure if it was a guy or a girl who fondled me while I was in the pool but I want to say thank you, whoever you are."
I didn't say anything but I watched Deb about a half an hour looking at Donna, Beth, mom and Sarah at the way they were sitting with their legs spread. Finally Deb broke her silence asking, "Donna I noticed you and a few others are sitting with your legs spread wide and we can see your pussy, is there a particular reason you are doing that?"
Donna looked at mom, Beth and Sarah and before answering, "Yes Deb there is a reason we are sitting like this. If you look around at the guys they automatically sit with their legs parted but even if they didn't their cocks and balls can be seen and we girls enjoy the view. We've had this discussion before out here when it was only just the four of us and we decided to give our guys the same view as we get from them."
Sarah added, "All of us girls have been told by our moms to sit "ladylike" with our knees together or legs crossed but when we do that, no one can see our goodies and there are times when we need to let others see what we have to offer. I want the guys to see my pussy it turns me on to know others can appreciate the view of my entire body."
"I am one of those mothers who told my daughter to keep her knees together and now I'm sorry because since Brenda and I have been coming here to Matt and Donna's house, I've learned to enjoy life first and then explore by doing things I haven't done yet. Ask Jake and some of the other guys, they love to see this little thing I'm hiding between my legs." Beth said.
Jim jumped right into the conversation by saying, "The last time we were here it was just Matt and Donna, Mike and Sarah and we had a blast. Becky was a little shy when we first took off our clothes but by the time we left here she was sitting with her legs open and I've loved it. We have adopted Matt and Donna's nudist lifestyle but have gone as far as requiring everyone to be nude when they come and visit."
Becky added, "I love being nude and I love seeing others nude so making our own house rules isn't that far into the future."
Deb said, "I'm still a little bit nervous being naked however being naked with all of you makes it a tiny bit easier."
Mom replied, "Deb we can do just about everything that you can do with clothes on. The only limitation is going out into the general public completely naked. Also if you live as a nudist all the time, you won't spend as much time in the laundry."
Everyone laughed at mom's statement and Becky said, "She's right, since Jim and I have been living as nudists we haven't had that much laundry."
Jim laughed saying, "Since Becky and I have been living as nudists we've been fucking a lot more in more places than just in the bedroom."
A round of cheers rang out from all the guys and you could hear beer bottles clink in a toast to getting fucked more often.
Bri asked Donna, "Would it be ok for me to lie out on the lawn and get a tan while I'm here?"
Looking around at everyone Donna replied to all the guests, "While you are here you are welcome to do anything you want to do in either the back yard or the front yard. We don't have any limits here and like I told the girls earlier, we own 10 acres of land and unless you go down to the road no one is likely to see you. You are welcome to walk anywhere on our property and remain naked."
Joe looked at Deb and said, "Let's take one of those mats and go for a walk. I could use some alone time about now."
Jim heard Joe and said to him, "Unless you are going to do something we haven't done before I can tell you don't need to wander off to do that. It's ok with us if you want to make love, we'll watch ya."
Beth jumped right into the conversation saying, "Yeah, we could have a contest and judge on technique, style and endurance."
Donna said, "We are really laid back people who enjoy life to its fullest. Please feel free to use the pool or our yard to enjoy yourself while you are here. There is nothing you can do that hasn't been done here already so you won't embarrass us no matter what you do."
Joe reached into the cooler and pulled out four cold beers while Deb picked up two blue rollup mats before heading off the patio. We watched them as they strolled hand in hand toward the woods on the back of the property.
Bri and Jen picked up their drinks and a couple of the mats and walked off the patio and a little ways into the back yard before laying down their mats. All of us watched from the patio as they took turns rubbing suntan lotion on each other in preparation for lying down and tanning.
Meanwhile on the patio the rest of us guys moved our chairs together so we could talk and still watch the females as they talked and moved around. Eventually our conversation turned to sports and the females got up and walked towards the pool.
We talked and watched the females who got into the pool splash each other. A few times they giggled a bit louder than normal causing us to stop our conversation and look to see what they were doing. After a half an hour or so of frying under the hot sun, Bri and Jen joined the other females in the pool.
I watched Julie as she got up from the edge of the pool and took Kim back inside. As Julie walked by me I couldn't help but notice what a tight body she had and her pussy was just a fine slit disappearing between her legs. I made a mental note to check her more closely when she came back out on the patio.
Dad asked, "Is anyone interested in a game of horse shoes?"
Immediately Tim and Ken said in unison, "Yes!"
Jake said, "Tom, I'll team up with you and we can show these young whipper snappers how to throw a shoe."
Ken chided, "Before you get to excited, I should tell you that I've thrown shoes since I was a young boy on my granddaddy's farm."
After the four of them had a cold beer and started walking down towards the horse shoe pit dad spoke up and said, "Well Jake, I won't feel like I am taking advantage of the youth when we beat them."
After a little over an hour in the pool all the females walked up the steps to get out of the pool and walked over by the patio table selected various chairs and sat down.
Jen and Bri grabbed a beer out of the cooler and Jen said, "We are going to take a walk."
Donna smiled at them saying, "Have fun and enjoy your walk."
Jim asked Becky, "Do you want to take a walk?
Becky smiled and said, "Honey I'd love to get you alone, I am so horny I can fuck you silly!"
Just as Jim and Becky were leaving for a walk, the four guys returned from throwing horse shoes and I heard Jake warning Tim and Ken, "Tom and I will take both of you on again in a little while and next time we won't be so nice to you."
Ken returned some good natured torment by asking, "You mean the next time you want Tim and I turn around and throw our shoes over our shoulders?"
I asked dad what the score was and he replied, "Jake and I let the kids win by twelve points."
Jake laughed and said, "I had to hold back so those youngsters will be over confident by the next game."
Tim and Ken grabbed a cold beer and each of them chugged it down. Then Ken laughed turning to Jake saying, "Next game we'll make it easy on you. Tim and I will allow you and Tom to stand half way between the pins." Laughter broke out and all four of them clinked their beer bottles in a toast to a good game and good times.
Tim asked, "Where's Jen and Bri?"
Donna said, "They left here a little while ago saying they were going for a walk around the property."
Ken slapped Tim on the back and said, "Let's go find them."
With all our company off and walking the rest of us settled down on the patio. Julie and Brandi came out of the house and took a seat. Julie looked at Donna saying, "Kim is a wonderful baby. I finished feeding her and she played for a little while and then started getting sleepy. She's asleep now."
I looked at Julie and Brandi and noticed both of them were sitting with their knees only a small distance apart which didn't allow me to see too much. I wasn't the only one who noticed because when I glanced over at dad and Jake, I saw their faces turned in Julie and Brandi's direction.
Looking at Mike I asked, "Are you ready to tell me or us how you came by all the extra supplies today when you went to pick up Julie and Brandi?"
Suddenly there was a couple of loud screams from Julie and Brandi and everyone turned towards them to see what happened. Both were sitting there wide eyed with a hand covering their mouth.
Sarah smiled and said, "Matt that's an adventure all by itself. Are you sure that you want to know what happened?"
I looked around at Donna, mom and dad, Jake and Beth who were all shaking their heads affirmatively.
Julie broke the momentary silence by asking, "Mike, may I sit on your lap while Sarah tells this story?"
Mike looked at Sarah, after she nodded her head Mike looked at Julie and patted his thighs, "Come on over here but watch out for this thing sticking up here."
Julie walked over to Mike and after a brief moment of deciding how to sit on his lap she turned her back to Mike and reached between her legs and held his cock as she sat down. Once she was seated she looked down and with a giant smile on her face she exclaimed, "Look I have a cock!"
Mike grinned and said, "Sis, It's only temporary, you'll have to give it back when you get up."
Their good natured banter caused laughter around the patio.
Sarah looked at us and asked, "Do you want the long boring version of do you want to hear the shorter sexier version?"
I spoke up and said, "How about the shortened virgin but make sure when you get to the good parts, give us all the details." My choice of words drew some more giggles from the females.
Sarah began saying, "Well you all know when Mike and I left here, I was only my wearing a black lace bra and black thong panties and Mike was wearing his Speedo."
All of us smiled and agreed with Sarah by shaking our heads yes. I recalled how hot Sarah looked in her bra and new panties.
"Anyway, once Mike and I were on the road we dared each other to ride bottomless. I kept my bra on and I helped Mike take off his Speedo. Mike put my panties under the edge of the seat on his side and I put his Speedo under the seat on my said so neither of us could wimp out." Sarah continued saying.
Donna, mom and Beth gasped when Sarah related that part of the story while both Brandi and Julie started giggling.
"On top of that, Mike and I dared each other to go into a store and buy something dressed in our skimpy clothing, before we came back home." Sarah said with a smile.
Without stopping Sarah continued, "We picked up Brandi first and she was mildly shocked that I wasn't wearing my panties while riding in the car and when I told her Mike didn't have anything on the bottom either she was almost flabbergasted but we calmed her down. I got in the back seat with her and told her she should practice being nude before we came back home. After a little bit of convincing Brandi was sitting in the back seat with me in only her bra by the time we got to Julie's house."
Taking a deep breath Sarah excitedly said, "Then we stopped at Julie's house and when she came out and started to get in the front seat with Mike she noticed Brandi and I in the back seat wearing only our bra and went ballistic almost immediately. Mike talked her into getting in the car and we started down the street before she made a scene in front of her parent's house."
Mike interrupted Sarah by saying, "Julie was looking in the back seat at Brandi and Sarah until Sarah said something which caused her to look at me and then Julie saw my hard cock standing up like a flag pole and screamed, "WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON WITH YOU PEOPLE?""
Julie jumped in saying, "Mike and Sarah had to so some fast explaining to let me know why they were naked in a car. It was all new to me and that was the first time I'd ever seen my brother's cock and the whole situation made me nervous. Look at me now I'm sitting on my brother's lap with his hard cock right next to my virgin pussy."
Sarah got everyone's attention starting with, "AHEM! Mike and I talked to both Brandi and Julie and told them if they weren't sure about coming here and being naked with the rest of us, we would take them back home with no questions asked. After a few minutes each of them individually accepted the challenge willingly to come out here and babysit knowing we were going to see them naked and they were going to see a whole bunch of people naked."
Julie said, "I don't know about the rest of the females but my juices have been flowing since they told me we were all going to be naked."
Brandi piped up saying, "Me too!"
One by one all the other females in the group spoke up and expressed the same sentiment.
Donna said, "The guys get a hard on and we get wet, it's only natural so don't get too worried about being wet."
Once again Sarah brought us all back to her story with, "The next part of this story is where it gets real interesting. As I said before, Mike and I dared each other to go into a store in our underwear, which is basically the same as my bikini and Mike's swim suit. We were just going to buy something simple and get out of there. However since Julie and Brandi were with us, it ended up with all four of us going into the store in just our underwear."
"Mike knew of a small store which was owned by a husband and wife because he had delivered pizza there before so we chose that store. Now, all of you have to picture in your mind, Mike was in the front seat driving and was bottomless, Julie was in the front seat in her bra and panties and Brandi and I were in the back seat completely naked when we pulled up to the side of the store." Sarah said
"Once Mike stopped the car, I asked him for my panties which he had tucked under his side of the front seat. Mike had to ask Julie for his Speedo which was tucked under the passenger side of the front seat. While Brandi, Mike and I were getting dressed in our underwear, Julie sat in the front seat and watched."
Mike again spoke up saying, "Actually, I caught Julie starting at my hard cock a few times while I was trying to get his Speedo on."
"To make a long story shorter, we finally got out of the car and walked into the store for some snacks. We made our selections of chips and something to drink but when we went to the counter to pay, Mike forgot his wallet. That's when the fun really started!" Sarah said.
Continuing, Sarah said, "The old man behind the counter said he read some exhibitionist stories about people trying to get free stuff from a store by flashing the counter person. No matter how hard we tried to convince him that wasn't our case, he wouldn't believe us."
Mike interrupted again saying, "He had a monitor on the counter and when we looked at it, we could clearly see inside our car parked on the side of the building. The camera was on the wall right in front of our car. He watched us get dressed in the car so he thought we were exhibitionists."
Donna was the first to react to Mike's information by asking, "OH MY GOD! Did he threaten you in any way?"
Mike said, "On the contrary, he really WANTED us to be exhibitionists and do a show for him in his store and he offered us additional merchandise if we would do it. Oh, he also mentioned that he wanted to touch us and inspect our bodies once we were naked."
Beth asked in an excited voice, "That is so outrageous, what did he want you to do for him?"
Mom sat there wide eyed with her mouth open waiting for the next bit of the story. I looked at dad and Jake and they seemed to be leaning forward with anticipation of the story continuing.
Sarah said, "Even after Mike said he would go out to the car and get his wallet to pay for the items we had selected, the old man behind the counter made us an offer to add a case of beer and some chips, if all four of us would strip naked for him in the store."
"After hearing the old man's proposal all of us were kind of excited over what he was offering so the four of moved to the back of the store and formed a huddle. Each of us had concerns, especially Brandi and Julie, so once we addressed each of the concerns we decided to make a counter offer of him adding two more cases of beer to his original offer. We took a vote between us with the stipulation it was going to be all of us or no one at all. One by each of us said we would take off our clothes if the old man behind the counter agreed to our counter offer. Again our backup plan, in case the old man didn't take our counter offer, I would just go out to the car and get my wallet and just pay for the chips and drinks we selected." Mike explained.
"The whole idea was exciting but I was nervous as hell because no one has ever seen me naked, especially my brother Mike. While we were in the huddle, I pulled the front of my panties down so Mike would be the first one to see my bald pussy before we took our clothes off for the old man behind the counter. I have to tell you, my panties were soaked at the prospect of stripping naked for the old man." Julie added.
Mike suddenly felt a warm hand on his cock and as he looked around Julie's shoulder he saw Julie had spread her legs and was slowly moving her fist up and down his cock. Mike said, "Julie be careful there, that thing will go off will little or no warning if you keep doing that."
Julie turned her head and smiled at her brother and asked, "Don't you have more to the story to tell everyone?"
Slightly distracted, Mike continued telling the story by saying, "When we went back to the counter I explained all four of us were willing to take off our clothes but with the stipulation there would be no penetration of any kind and we wanted two more cases of beer added to the original offer since all four of us were going to be naked."
Sarah added, "We also made him turn off the security cameras so there was no evidence of us being naked in the store."
Brandi spoke up saying, "And we had him lock the doors so no one else would come in while we were naked and see us."
Brandi looked around and said, "Julie has a cock to play with, is there a volunteer who will let me play with his cock?"
Beth who was sitting between Jake and me said, "I'll switch chairs with you hun and you can have your choice which cock you want to play with."
Brandi stood up and walked over to the chair Beth had just vacated and sat down. Being a young lady, she sat with her knees together. Sarah looked at Brandi and said, "Hey sis, you are sitting between two hot guys, slide down in the chair and spread those legs so both of them can see that hot pussy of yours."
Brandi blushed as she looked at me then Jake. My cock jumped when she quickly glanced into my lap. I leaned over towards Brandi and said, "You don't have to be bashful here. Reach out and take what you want if it's offered to you."
Brandi looked at me and asked, "So I can play with your cock and his cock to?"
Jake coughed and Beth was quick to say, "Hun that's why I moved. You can choose one cock or two cocks, it's up to you."
Brandi smiled broadly as she reached a hand into each of our laps and wrapped her hand around my cock and then Jake's cock. Jake said, "Brandi, you can stroke my cock like Julie's doing to Mike's cock."
Sarah gained our undivided attention when she stood up and walked over and kneeled down in front of Brandi and coaxed her to slide her ass forward in her seat and finally spread her legs so her pussy was fully on display. When she finished she said, "Sis, the guys love to look so all of us females have agreed to sit with our legs spread wide. So while you're here it would be good if you allow them a full view of your pussy."
I looked down into Brandi's lap and while staring at her pussy I said, "Damn that looks good enough to eat."
Everyone laughed at what I said and all of us watched at Sarah leaned forward and first kissed Brandi's pussy before she used her tongue to lick it. A soft moan escaped Brandi's lips as she leaned back in her chair and continued to stroke our cocks.
Sarah stood up and walked over to the side of the patio where the sun's rays weren't shining before turning and leaning against the railing and parting her feet so her beautiful pussy was on display to us. Smiling she started to tell us more about what happened, "Once everything was shut off, we drew straws to see who was going to get naked first. As it turned out Julie who was the most apprehensive about being naked drew the shortest straw and was first to be stripped."
"The old man loved seeing Julie's tiny tits and when he pushed her panties down he got all choked up when he saw her bald, beautiful tight lipped pussy. The old man was so excited he licked her pussy and asked her if she was still a virgin." Brandi added while looking at Julie and smiling.
Julie smiled at Brandi saying, "When he licked my pussy it sent shivers all over my body however when he asked me if I was a virgin that embarrassed me a little bit. I have to tell you, the experience made my fluids gush. Actually wetter than I've ever been."
Mike spoke up saying, "It wasn't until he was asking Julie questions, that we found out the old man was bi-sexual. He started rubbing my cock through my Speedo as he talked to Julie. Actually he asked each of us some embarrassing questions and expected an answer."
"He wanted me to turn around, part my feet and bend over at the waist before pulling my panties down so he could see my pussy and my asshole." Sarah said.
Brandi spoke up again saying, "I was so nervous and embarrassed when the old man looked at me and said I want to you to strip and lay down on the floor over here with your feet towards me so I can see your spread open pussy. What really got me excited and embarrassed was when he told Julie and Mike to rip off my panties. Actually he said he wanted them to totally destroy my panties so I couldn't wear them ever again."
Brandi continued saying, "Once I was on the floor with my legs spread I know my clit was popped up and very visible to the old man. I saw him looking at my spread open pussy. He asked me if I was a virgin and I told him I wasn't only because I didn't want that old fucker to know the truth. But I have to admit, doing what he wanted me to do made me so wet. The old man leaned forward and sniffed my pussy before he started licking it and lapping up my juices. I know how Julie felt when she said she was wetter than she had ever been."
Mike spoke up next, "The old man surprised me when he licked the length of my cock through my Speedo before he reached up and pulled them off me. That was a first for me, I've never let another male that close to my cock before but I have to tell you it wasn't anywhere as scary as I always believed it would be."
Continuing mike said, "He really surprised me when he sucked my cock into his mouth and then pulled off and said, our agreement with him was no penetration but we didn't say anything about him sucking my cock or him licking the girl's pussies. The old man said before he went back to sucking my cock that he wanted me to cum in his mouth."
All of us could hear the loud gasp from Donna, Beth and mom as each of them looked at Mike.
Donna was the first to recover and ask Mike "Did you cum in his mouth like he asked?"
Mike shook his head yes just as Sarah said, "It doesn't end there."
Mike asked, "Sarah do you have to tell that part of the story?"
Sarah smiled at Mike and said, "Honey, we've already talked about this. You already know that Julie, Brandi and I think what happened next was the hottest thing evvvver!"
Julie who had been quiet for awhile spoke up saying, "I'll say it was fucking hot! Mike made every female's fantasy come true. But then I'm getting ahead of the story."
Brandi said, "It was hot when we got the old man to strip naked and the three of us girls shared his cock and took turns sucking him. What was even hotter was when Sarah encouraged Mike to help us. I almost passed out when Mike got down on his knees beside all three of us and Julie pulled the old man's cock out of her mouth and held it out for Mike to suck."
Sarah smiled at Mike and said, "You wouldn't believe how much my love soared for Mike when he leaned forward and took the old man's cock in his mouth and sucked it. Soon the old man held onto the back of Mike's head and fucked Mike's mouth until he shot his load."
Once again Donna, Beth and mom gasped loudly however this time it was mom who asked Mike, "Have you ever sucked a cock before in your life Mike?"
Mike blushed and said in a subdued voice, "No that was the first time and I only did it because Sarah asked me to. I love Sarah so much I will do almost anything for her. Sucking his cock just happened to be one of those things that happened."
Beth said, "My God, I would have loved to have been there to watch that. It's true; all of us females have a secret fantasy to watch two males suck each other's cock."
Mom spoke up next saying, "If any of you guys get the urge to re-create the events that happened in the store, I want to be there to watch. I think it's hot to."
Donna said, "Mike, you and Sarah have shared a lot of love with Matt and I since you've been here and now maybe we can share even more. I am willing to share my Matt with you or any of the other guys here because I think seeing two males sucking cock is so hot to!"
I spoke up and said, "I'm not gay but Donna and I share a love for each other that we will do just about anything for each other to. So I want to say, if Donna asked me to do something like that, I would do it without any reservations. I want to say before any of our guests come back, IF anything like that were to happen, it will only happen between those in this group here now."
Beth was the next to speak up and say, "I know guys love to see two girls make love or lick each other's pussy or tribing so I want to say, I think to would be really hot for me to watch two guys sucking each other's cock. I want to congratulate Mike and Matt for their willingness to make a female's fantasy come true."
"WOW! This talk is all new to me and I'd have to take time to even begin to wrap my mind around sucking another man's cock. I have to congratulate Mike on doing something above and beyond the call of duty." Dad said while looking directly at mom.
Jake was the next to offer, "I'm with Tom. I also have to congratulate Mike for doing what he did. This is all new to me as well and I'm not sure I could bring myself to doing that with another man."
"I'm not gay either." Mike said. "But when the woman you love asks you to do something special for her, you just do it and don't think about it."
Sarah spoke up saying, "That's not the end of the story. Before we finished each of us girls offered to let the old man lick our pussies until we had an orgasm and he was all too happy to do it for us. Each of us laid back on the floor and spread our legs and he not only licked our pussies but he reamed my asshole with his tongue to."
"In the end the old man gave each of us a hug and asked if we would like to come back sometime and repeat our performance." Julie said.
Jake said, "But all of you were naked when you pulled up to the garage. Why were you naked?"
Sarah replied, "To make this part of the story shorter, as it turned out the car was parked in a place where we could get in it without being seen from the street. We decided to leave our clothes with the old man and leave to store completely naked."
"The old man opened the delivery door and I put the four cases of beer in the car and he gave Sarah the bags of chips." Mike said.
"We sat in the car and talked about everything that just happened to us in the store and all four of us have no hard feelings about anything." Julie said.
Smiling, Julie said, "Mike I hope you remember, I want you to be the first to fuck my virgin pussy. I don't know if you want to fuck me here in front of all your friends or if you want to take me some place private. I would really love to let all these wonderful people be with me when I lose my virginity."
Mike looked at Julie and asked, "Are you serious, do you really want me to fuck you right here and now?"
Julie smiled at Mike saying, "I feel safe with everyone here and with some help from the ladies I want you to put this wonderful cock in my dripping wet pussy."
Donna asked, "Julie you know this is a big step you can't take back, are you sure you want to do this?"
With a dreamy look in her eyes while Julie was looking at Donna she asked, "Would you, Beth and Brenda come over here and be with me when the first cock slides into my wet pussy?"
As the three females were moving over to Julie and Mike, Julie stood up and turned sideways to her brother while bending over she parted her feet. Looking over her shoulder at Mike she said, "Mike see my virgin pussy, I want you to fill me with your wonderful hard cock."
"Beth and Brenda would both of you spread me open so Mike will have an easier time putting his cock in me. Donna would you hold Mike's cock and aim it at my virgin pussy and then hold it while he begins to fuck me, I would appreciate it." Julie asked.
The rest of you can move so you can see better but I want to experience all the love that I've seen here since I arrived. There was a shuffle of chairs and movement as everyone got into position to watch Julie lose her virginity.
Julie shivered a little bit when she felt hand pulling her ass cheeks apart exposing her tiny rosebud asshole and her wet, glistening pussy. She involuntarily shivered again when she felt Mike put his hands on her hips. A low moan followed by "Oh yes!" escaped Julie's lips as she felt Mike's cock touch her pussy.
Mike pushed forward ever so slowly until he felt her virgin resistance before he stopped and asked Julie, "Are you absolutely sure you want me to do this to you?"
Julie overcome with excitement shouted, "Mike, PLEASE, PLEASE fuck me and make me a real woman. Fill my cunt with that wonderful cock of yours."
Mike said, "It will be less painful if I just pushed quickly from here, are you ready?"
Julie shouted, "YES!" Mike pushed forward through Julie's hymen then stopped and held himself still so the pain could subside and she could get used to his cock.
Eventually Julie said, "Mike I feel good now, please fuck me brother dear. I want you to make me feel good."
While everyone watched, Mike started to slide his cock in and out of Julie's pussy. He held her hips and moved slowly so he wouldn't hurt her the first time.
Beth and Brenda let go of Julie's ash cheeks and stood up and stepped backwards so they could watch. Beth was the first to say, "I really love all you people. Everyone here in this group makes me feel privileged to be part of it."
Brandi said, "I'm a virgin to and I would love to have one of you males volunteer to make me a woman too."
The three of us looked at each other and then each of us looked at our respective wife. Suddenly there was an all female chatter filling the air expressing ideas how to help Brandi become a woman.
Sarah walked up to stand next to Brandi and said, "Brandi there are three guys here who can help you out and all three of them are married. I have a feeling that each wife would be willing to share their husband with you but is there one particular man you would rather have take your virginity?"
Brenda spoke up and said, "Brandi dear, please don't be bashful if there is someone who you would rather have for your first lover, please feel free to say so."
Brandi said, "I have an idea. Why can't we have them draw straws like we did at the store and the one with the longest straw will get my virginity?"
Beth looked at Jake and asked, "Are you up to helping this young lady if you get the longest straw?"
Jake, for the first time showed some shyness but replied, "I would love to help Brandi if I am chosen."
Mom looked at dad asking, "How about you Tom, are you up to helping this young lady if you are chosen?"
Dad almost chocked when he answered, "Oh My God, someone pinch me, I can't believe I have a chance to help a young lady and take her virginity. Look at my cock, even it knows there something special going on."
All of us started to laugh when mom replied, "Honey you are awake and everything is real. Besides, you cock has its own mind and it will stand up for any pussy."
Donna walked into the kitchen and returned shortly with five equal straws in her right hand. Once she was standing by all of us, she said the three guys should draw straws twice. The first time will determine who is going to draw first and then the second time to see who gets Brandi's virgin pussy."
Donna asked, "Brandi is that ok with you?"
Brandi smiled and said, "I wish all three could be my first but since only one is ultimately going to break my hymen, I'd like the two others to help the winner like all of you did for Julie."
I know I smiled and when I looked at dad and Jake each face was graced with a grin from ear to ear.
Donna held out the straws and said the one with the longest straw wins first draw, second longest get second draw and the shortest straw draws last. Dad said, "Matt since you are the youngest, you draw first, I'm younger than Jake so I'll draw second and then Jake can draw."
All of us agreed and I reached out and drew my straw without revealing it to the other two. Dad did the same thing as I did and didn't let us see his straw and Jake just pulled out a straw without any drama. Jake held out his straw and after a brief hesitation I produced mine about the same time dad showed his straw.
We looked at the straws for a few seconds before we realized dad had the longest straw I had the shortest straw, leaving Jake to draw in the middle next time.
The girls all giggled and took the straws from our hands and walked away from us as a group to rearrange the straws. I looked at dad and Jake and wished each of them luck of the draw. Each of them wished me luck as well as wishing each other luck.
Jake leaned over between dad and me before whispering, "Can you believe one of us is actually going to make love to a virgin in a few minutes?
I shook my head and dad whispered back, "I can't believe this is real."
All three of us were smiling when the ladies returned. This time Brandi was holding the straws. Looking at all three of us she said, "I am going to fuck all three of you today but one of you is going to bust my cherry first."
Reaching out and stroking each of our cocks a few strokes before Brandi said, "I wish all of you the best of luck and before you draw I want to say all three of you are the best man."
Dad drew his straw and even though he didn't show us the straw he pulled he had a large smile on his face. Jake drew a straw and like dad he had a big smile on his face leaving me to wonder if they had the long straws. I reached out and moved over the top of the straws before selecting one and pulling it out. My straw wasn't that short but when I held it out waiting for Jake and dad to reveal theirs I knew one of them was going to win.
Brandi turned and handed the rest of the straws to Donna. When she turned around again she walked up to me and smiled then dropped to her knees and started sucking my cock a few times before moving over the Jake and sucking him a few times and then on to dad. Brandi was soon joined by Donna who held her father's cock and sucked. Sarah moved in front of me reached out and stroked my cock before getting on her knees and sucking my cock.
The three of us looked at each other and held out our straws. As evidenced by holding the longest straw dad was clearly the winner of Brandi's virginity.
Beth and mom were standing by Mike and Julie encouraging Mike to hold out as long as he could so Julie's first experience was the best it possibly could be.
Donna pulled off her dad's cock and called out, "Switch!"
Donna, Sarah and Brandi stood up and parted their feet then looking at each of us Donna said, "Gentlemen lick some pussy."
All of got on our knees and leaned forward and buried our faces in the pussy in front of us. There were some loud moans coming from the girls. I made Sarah have two orgasms before I leaned back to give my jaw and tongue a brief rest.
Soon Brandi was standing up and looking at dad and whispering quietly to him. He was smiling and shaking his head yes but I couldn't hear what they were saying.
Finally both of them walked over to me and Brandi said, "Matt I have an idea and your dad agrees with me. I want to share my virginity with the three of you but only your dad is going to take it from me."
I looked at her questioningly and asked, "What do you have in mind?"
Brandi said, "If you want to, both you and Jake can put your cock in my pussy up to my hymen so you can feel that I am indeed a virgin. I will even let you pump in and out of my pussy as long as you don't break my hymen. I think you should be able to get the head of your cock in my pussy without causing any damage. Your dad said he is willing to let both of you do that if you want to."
I thought back to the day I felt Donna's hymen and remembered how good she felt. I looked at Brandi and said, "I promise not to break anything but I would love to feel your hymen against the head of my cock."
Brandi looked at Jake and asked him, "Do you want to put your cock in me part way and feel that I'm still a virgin?"
Jake smiled before saying, "Honey, you are going to give this old man a heart attack. From the time you and Julie walked in here and I saw your bodies my heart has been doing flip flops. My cock hasn't gone down for the past few hours because both of you are walking around here with such beautiful bodies. The other female guests are also nice but they seem to be more attached to another male and don't seem to be as playful as you two."
Brandi turned around and bent over and said, "I want both of you to feel me with your cocks and see that I'm a virgin."
I stepped up behind Brandi with my cock leading the way and after I put my hands on her hips, Sarah stepped off to the side of me and took my cock in her hand and rubbed the head up and down her sister's slippery slit. Sarah used my cock to rub Brandi's clit before bringing my cock up to line up with her wonderful virgin pussy. Brandi moaned softly as she felt me press my cock into her. Just as the head of my cock disappeared into her, I felt her virgin barrier and didn't push and further. I enjoyed the sensation of her juicy hot pussy before I pumped into her a few times before pulling out completely. Sarah once again used my cock to rub up and down Brandi's pussy until I said, "It's Jake's turn to enjoy Brandi. Brandi thank you so much for that brief moment you allowed me to be inside your wonderful pussy."
Jake stepped up behind Brandi and you could see by his eyes, he was like a kid in a candy store. Sarah reached out and wrapped her hand around Jake's cock and used his cock to rub up and down Brandi's pussy. We watched as Sarah lined Jake's cock up with Brandi's pussy and Jake slid into her. Again, Brandi moaned softly as Jake's cock pumped in and out of her.
Off to our left side suddenly Julie started breathing heavily and begging her brother to fuck her harder and faster. Mike in turn expressed he was almost ready to cum and he had to pull out.
Suddenly Julie begged Mike, "No Mike, don't pull out, cum in my pussy, I'm on the pill."
As Julie finished her sentence we heard Mike groan loudly and pump hard into his sister's juicy pussy filling her with his cum. Mike continued to pump into Julie as she came down from the ecstasy of their joint orgasm.
Mike and Julie were finishing when Brandi said, "Come on Tom, slide that wonderful cock into my virgin pussy and make me a woman like Julie."
Looking at Sarah, Brandi asked, "Sis here is the moment of truth, will you guide my lover's cock into my hot pussy?"
Tom stepped into place behind Brandi, Sarah reached out and held his cock and like she did twice before moved dad's cock up and down Brandi's slippery slit. Brandi moaned and begged, "I can't take it anymore, please no more teasing I want to be fucked."
Dad waited for Sarah to line his cock up with Brandi's pussy and then he pushed forward slowly until he reached the barrier that separated a virgin from womanhood. Looking at Brandi we heard dad ask, "Brandi are you sure you want to do this?"
Brandi looked at dad over her shoulder and said, "Yes, please make me a woman and fuck me gently at first."
Dad pushed forward until he felt Brandi's hymen tear and his cock sunk a couple of inches inside her. Dad being a gentleman waited for Brandi to give him the ok to continue. All of us sat down in a chair nearby and watched as dad and Brandy fucked. Mom got up and walked over and kissed dad passionately while his cock was buried deep inside Brandi.
Dad said, "Brenda I love you so much for everything."
Looking down at Brandi's back dad continued with, "Brandi I will always have a special love for you to, for allowing me the privilege of taking your virginity."
Brandi smiled over her shoulder at dad saying, "I understand and believe me, you have done a huge favor for me."
Dad looked like he was enjoying himself as he gained momentum causing Brandi to increase the volume and intensity of her moans. Dad held Brandi's hips, now that everything else was quiet, the slapping of skin sounded louder than ever.
As the moans grew louder dad made it clear he was going to cum soon. Brandi said, "Tom fill me with your cum you don't have to worry I am on the pill."
Soon both Brandi and dad were in the final moments before their orgasm gripped them. We found out Brandi is a screamer when she cums and dad has all the moves to stay with a female who is in the throes of ecstasy.
I looked around at our group and decided that Julie and Brandi were making excellent additions to what we have. I made a mental note to tell them how wonderful their personalities were and to welcome them to our home anytime they wanted.
As I got up to get everyone a beer I noticed that most of our guests had returned from their various activities and were quietly floating in the pool. I smiled and waved at them to let them know I saw them.
Jim got out of the pool and walked over to me and said, "Wow that was hot! We got back a while ago but we didn't want to disrupt a personal thing between you guys."
I looked at Jim saying, "Jim you've been here before so you know what happens here is by consent of everyone involved."
Jim smiled at me and with a wink he said, "You have a wonderful place here Matt and you have a lovely wife to share all this with. I hope I'm half as lucky as you are to be settled and knowing exactly what I want out of life."
Just then Julie came up to me and put her arm around my waist and hugged me close. I turned and looked at her and with a smile on her face she leaned forward and planted a passionate kiss on my lips. When the kiss finished I looked into Julie's eyes while I kept her body pressed close to mine and asked her, "What did I do to earn that wonderful kiss?"
Julie said, "I love you Matt! I love Donna just as much and I love being here and being free to be myself. As far as what you did to deserve that kiss and the many more that you will be receiving before I leave, you asked me to babysit and made it possible to come out here. Today I have a lifetime of firsts and I have you and Donna to thank."
Donna walked over and put her arm around me and asked, "Did Julie tell you how happy she is that we asked her to babysit?"
Looking at Donna and then kissing her while holding Julie on the other side of me I said, "Julie tells me she loves both of us and she is excited at all the firsts which have happened to her today."
Donna looked at Julie and said, "Matt and I love both Mike and Sarah and if you and Brandi are anything like them, I want you to know, both you and Brandi are welcome to come out here anytime you want."
Julie turned and called out, "Brandi, hurry up and come over here, we've got something to tell you."
Brandi walked over to us and in an excited voice Julie said, "Brandi Matt and Donna said we can come out here and stay anytime we want."
Sarah heard the fuss and walked over and immediately hugged and kissed Donna then turned to me and gave me the same treatment. Sarah looked at the girls and asked, "So it seems both of you have adjusted well to being naked with others seeing you. The only thing we have to get both of you to do now is to sit or stand with your legs open so the guys here can appreciate the view of your beautiful pussy. We get to see their cocks standing or sitting so it is only right that we allow them to see us when we are standing or sitting."
Julie asked Donna, "Would it be alright with you if I make love to Matt?"
Donna smiled and said to both Julie and Brandi, "We have another rule here in our home and that is, if you want to make love to someone, male or female then both of those parties have to consent. So if you are asking me if you can make love to Matt, you are asking the wrong person."
Julie stared at Donna for a moment trying to comprehend what she just heard before she asked, "So even if you are Matt's wife you are saying we would have to ask Matt and not you?"
Donna smiled again but Sarah spoke up first saying, "Julie no matter who you want to make love to, you must get that person's consent only. In this house we all trust each other and there is not a lick of jealously from anyone of us."
Donna still smiling said, "I couldn't have said it any better Julie."
Sarah added, "I hear that Matt and Donna said you can come out here but I want you to know if you bring a boy friend with you, he should not be jealous because Matt or Mike will want to put something in this love spot between your legs. Also you never know, Donna or I might want to get a taste of that little love tunnel each of you have there."
Brandi asked, "I don't want to sound dumb but can one of you tell me what tribing is?"
Donna said, "Honey there are no dumb questions here but I will tell you it is a sexual act or position for two females when we lay with our legs parted so we can move close together and rub our pussies together. It's also sometimes called scissoring."
Julie spoke up saying, "I want to try that and more while I'm here."
Donna and Sarah smiled a knowing smile at each other before Donna said, "Both of you can try anything you want while you are here."
Everyone was lying around enjoying the afternoon sun while snacking and drinking. Every now and then moans of pleasure echoed across the patio as a couple sexually enjoyed each other.
I looked around; it seemed the shyness was wearing off because some our guests were kissing and fondling each other within sight of the rest of us. Joe and Deb were over by the pool lying on their sides facing each other kissing and their hands were roaming each other's body.
Ken and Bri had spread out some blue mats on the lawn and both were catching some sunshine. They were lying on their backs with their feet toward the patio and I noticed mom, Beth, Donna, Sarah, Brandi and Julie almost blatantly staring at Ken's cock. Out of all the guys present today, Ken had to most meat swinging between his legs.
Jim and Becky were talking to dad and Jake at the table. I noticed that both dad and Jake were staring at Becky's spread open pussy. When I looked up at Becky's face she was smiling broadly and enjoying the attention. While I was looking she even slid down a bit further in her chair so she could spread her legs further apart.
Looking back at the railing where mom, Beth, Sarah, Donna, Brandi and Julie were standing, I noticed Brandi and Julie were letting their hands wander over each other's butts. Julie spread her feet apart which didn't go unnoticed by Brandi. Soon Brandi let her fingers wander into Julie's ass crack and move downward until her fingers disappeared between Julie's legs. As I watched Julie moved her feet further apart giving Brandi more access to her hidden treasure between her legs.
A few minutes later Julie's legs started to wobble and I saw her say something to Brandi over her shoulder. Brandi removed her hand from Julie's ass crack and Julie turned to face Brandi. They looked at each other for a few seconds before both of them leaned forward and their lips touched. At first it seemed like both were giving each other light kisses and then they moved closer together and embraced before passionately kissing each other.
From my chair I watched Julie and Brandi explore each other's body with their hands before slowing down and staring into each other's eyes. Julie broke her stare and when she spoke I saw Donna and Sarah turn towards the girls. Speaking softly so I couldn't hear what was being said, the girls talked to Donna and Sarah momentarily then all four of them walked slowly into the house.
Everyone on the patio and the lawn were involved in either a conversation or individual stimulations of their partner. I smiled to myself knowing that everyone was experiencing life to its fullest and enjoying themselves.
Mom and Beth finally walked over and sat down at the table with dad, Jake, Jim, Becky and me. Mom looked at me and said, "Matt this is the best party I've ever attended. Your guests are enjoying themselves doing whatever they want without any of the pressures of life."
I looked at each of them before saying, "This is what Donna and I dreamed about when we first started our nudist lifestyle. Now that we have this house and the ten acres of property we can offer the serenity away from normal life and we can offer it with the opportunity of experiencing nudism without being interrupted by nosy neighbors."
Dad smiled, "Don't forget the sex!"
I looked around at everyone before saying, "The sex is something that Donna and I added. If you went to a normal AANR nudist resort or campground you can't have sex out in the open where others can see you."
Jake said, "Thanks for telling me, I didn't know that."
"Donna and I love each other tremendously and don't have the normal worries or any jealousy between us and that's why we felt comfortable to add sex into our nudist lifestyle. We understand that we are only going to be on this earth for a certain number of years and we want to enjoy every day as if it's going to be the last day." I explained.
After a few moments of thought dad spoke up saying, "Ya know son, that's heavy but you have a wonderful theory and I agree with it."
Becky jumped into the conversation saying, "Jim and I love being nude and we would love to be in the place like this where we didn't have to cover ourselves whenever a neighbor was around. I love seeing Jim's hard on when he looks at me sitting with my legs open. We've also started having sex in different places and not all of them are at our apartment."
A series of load moans drew our attention to the lawn where Ken and Bri were making love. We looked through the railings and had a clear view of Bri on top of Ken riding his cock. Becky looked at mom and Beth saying, "I wouldn't mind having that cock splitting me open."
Beth smiled and said, "Yes dear, that is a very nice cock Ken has and I'd love to have it in my pussy to."
Mom looked around the table before she said, "Guys don't get the wrong impression but females have the same urges as you males but we don't usually express them out loud."
Turning to Beth and Becky mom said, "I'd let that cock fill any hole it wanted to."
There was a gasp from Beth and Becky. Becky giggled then said, "Oh dear, that sized cock sure would fill me up no matter which hole he put it in."
Beth leaned back in her seat and spread her legs even further before saying, "With all this talk about sex and holes I need some relief. Is there a volunteer to make this old lady happy?
I looked around and just as I started to move I saw Jim slide out of his seat and walk over to Beth saying, "I'm not all that experienced with swapping partners but I would love to give it a try."
Beth looked at Jim through half closed eyes saying, "Have at it big boy. Do whatever you want to do to this body. Don't worry, you can't do anything wrong."
Jim timidly leaned forward and licked Beth's spread open pussy. Then after reaching out with his hands he spread her pussy wide and attacked Beth's clit which made her bounce off her seat and Jim lost temporary contact with her pussy. Once his mouth was locked over her clit again, Beth gasped, "That's it, right there, oh baby lick my clit!"
Becky looked at mom for a few seconds before asking, "Brenda, may I try that on you? I've never done anything with a female before and I would love to try."
By the look on mom's face she was surprised to hear Becky's request but at the same time she moved herself down in her chair so her ass was on the edge of the seat before spreading her legs wide again to give Becky full access to her open pussy. Becky moved cautiously to mom and knelt down before mom's spread legs and looked around at dad, Jake and me before saying, "I'm nervous as hell doing this and I hope I do it right."
Mom looked lovingly at Becky and said, "Honey there is no wrong way. You have the same equipment I have so do what you would like Jim do to you when he licks your pussy."
Jake groaned and I looked over to see him leaned back in his chair and slowly stroking his hard cock while alternating between looking at Beth and Jim and mom and Becky. Dad's cock was hard to but he hadn't stroked his yet.
I got up, excused myself and headed inside to go to the bathroom. Just as I entered the kitchen I heard soft moaning coming from the living room area. I had to walk through there to get to the bathroom so I walked slowly and quietly so I wouldn't disturb the activities. As I rounded the corner my eyes were greeted with a view like none other. Donna was in a sixty nine with Brandi and both of them were busy making each other feel good.
Off to the side of them was Sarah and Julie locked in the tribing position. I saw Sarah was pulling on Julie's foot to hold their pussies tight against each other as both of them humped their hips to rub their pussies together.
I didn't want to stop watching the wonderful scene before my eyes but mother nature was calling after all the beer I had drank so I hurried along to the bathroom hoping to finish and get back before they finished.
Although I had to pee really bad I stood before the toilet with a hard on and there was no way I could relieve myself. I used my lower stomach muscles to push against my bladder and nothing happened. I started to think about all non sexual things and still my cock remained hard and unyielding to the urine I needed to expel from my body. Painfully I gave up and tried to jerk off. Every time my hand came back against my groin I bumped my bladder and I felt pain. A few minutes passed and finally I felt movement and at first it was only a few drips then a tiny stream. As my cock softened I finished peeing with a gusher! Whew, what a relief!
I walked back down the hall toward the living room and saw four lovely naked ladies sitting and talking. As I entered, all of them looked up at me and smiled. I asked, "Is everyone happy?"
Julie was the first to exclaim, "OH MY GOD, YES!"
Brandi interrupted Julie by saying, "Matt, you have such a lovely wife, I am so happy to be here with all of you."
Sarah and Donna sat and smiled at me. Donna looked at me and said, "Matt do you mind if Julie and Brandi stay with us for a few days?"
Julie excitedly spoke up saying, "With everything that's happened to me today and everything that may happen to me in the next few days, I don't want any money for babysitting. I'm having the time of my life with all of you and I really appreciate this opportunity to watch Kim and have fun to."
Brandi was the next one to say, "I also appreciate everything that's happened to me today and I'm with Julie, I don't need any money for babysitting either. Being at this party and having fun is payment enough for me."
I looked at Donna and saw her nod her head in a knowingly fashion before I said, "I appreciate the offer but we did say we would pay you to help us out today and by the smile on Donna's face, you've gone above and beyond your job. So both of you will be paid for babysitting today and yes both of you can stay a few more days if you want to."
Julie and Brandi jumped up and Brandi ran to me and hugged me tightly while Julie hugged Donna then they switched. I looked at Sarah and Donna and asked, "What, no hugs from either of you?"
Both Sarah and Donna attacked my body at the same time holding me from each side and squeezing me in the middle between two naked women. I kissed one and then the other before saying, "Do you know how many guys would kill to be in my position right now?"
Both giggled and rubbed their naked bodies against my sides before I was attacked front and rear by Julie and Brandi. I was completely surrounded by naked female flesh and all of them were rubbing their body against mine.
We separated just as dad walked into the living room headed for the bathroom. He walked by us and he said to me, "I was wondering what happened to you and now I see who held you up. I envy you Matt."
I smiled at dad and asked, "Would you like to take one of these lovely ladies with you to assist you?"
He half turned and said, "They wouldn't want to help an old guy like me."
Suddenly there was a rush past me as Brandi and Julie raced each other to the place where dad had stopped. I smiled at him and said, "I'll see ya in an hour."
Dad was smiling broadly as he turned and headed into the bathroom with a young lady on each arm. I heard him ask as they disappeared, "Have either of you ever aimed a cock at the toilet before?"
I smiled at Sarah and Donna before all of us turned and headed for the patio and more liquid refreshments. When we walked out on the patio I looked towards the table and saw that Jim was now sitting in the chair and Beth was on her knees with her mouth full of Jim's cock. On the other side Becky was in the chair moaning with pleasure, with her legs spread out as far as she could and mom was licking her pussy.
I looked at Donna and Sarah saying, "Everyone seems happy and enjoying themselves."
The four of us walked over and slipped into the pool and joined Mike, Tim, Jen, Joe and Deb. All of us floated in the water and talked quietly between us. Donna and I received plenty of congratulations of our lifestyle and our home. Most everyone expressed their interest in living as we were. Even Deb moved close to me and hugged me saying how happy she was to be at our party and being naked.
As the heat of the afternoon started to cool off, Donna asked me, "Matt would you fire up the grill and cook the meat for dinner. I'll go inside and get the other stuff ready."
Jen, Deb, Sarah and Donna got out of the pool and dried off before heading into the kitchen while I walked over to the grill and fired it up. Mike said, "I'll go get the meat and bring it out to you."
Tim and Joe walked over by me and Joe said, "I'll get the other meat out of the cooler for you."
Donna brought out our private homemade stock of BBQ sauce and set the bottle down along with a brush to apply it to the meat. I don't like to brag have been known as a top rate BBQ person because I create and use my own sauces. I slow cook everything and add a lot of TLC to my cooking.
The aroma of the meat cooking drifted through the air alerting everyone we were preparing dinner. Meanwhile most of the ladies were busy in the kitchen preparing the last minute items that we didn't want to put together earlier in the day.
I saw dad come out of the house and reach in the cooler for two beers and then walk to the pool with hand in hand Brandi. A short time later, Julie appeared on the patio with Kim and went over to the table and selected a seat to sit down. A couple minutes later Beth brought out some food for Kim. Julie had put Kim in her chair and began to feed her.
Everyone was standing around talking and sipping their various drinks. The sun was going down and the air started to feel better now that it wasn't so hot. A cool breeze blew out of the West across our patio.
Jen was standing next to me when she asked, "Matt can we really walk out in the front of your house?"
Without looking at her I said, "Sure you can walk anyplace you want on my property."
When I finally looked at Jen, after turning the last of the meat, I saw she was smiling and she had a seemingly devilish look on her face. I asked her, "Is there any particular reason for asking?"
Jen smiled as me and asked, "Can we even walk way down in the front closer to the road?"
I didn't know where she was going with her line of questioning so I was cautious in my answers when I said, "Well if you go way down in the front close to the road, there is a great possibility that someone driving by will see you."
Looking at Jen's face was like looking at Donna when she got "that look" on her face and you know your answer was the one she wanted to hear. Jen's eyes sparkled with delight as she simply said, "Thanks Matt."
I watched as Jen walked away from me and noticed she stopped and picked up three beers out of the cooler before walking over to Deb and Bri. I watched as they talked momentarily and it seemed like Deb was hesitating while Bri smiled broadly. I saw Jen tug on Deb's arm before she finally started to move and follow Jen and Bri. The three of them disappeared.
Over the next half an hour I was busy cooking the various meats on the grill while the others were busy setting up additional tables on the patio and arranging the chairs and talking amongst themselves.
I hollered out, "The meat will be ready in about five minutes so if you want to get everyone together we can sit down and eat together."
Tim asked if anyone knew where Jen was and I told him, "The last time I saw her she was asking me about walking in the front yard and Deb and Bri left with her."
Tim said, "Thanks Matt, I'll go see if she is still out there."
I was taking the meat off the grill when I heard Jen said, "It was hilarious the way they looked at us."
Once everyone was seated and we started serving the food, I asked Jen, "Did you enjoy your stroll in the front yard."
She enthusiastically proclaimed, "Oh my God YES Matt! We walked all the way down near the road and Deb dared me and Bri to go out and lay down in the center of the road with our legs and arms spread as wide as possible for one minute. She said she would stand guard for us in case any cars approached."
Sarah yelped and said, "You didn't do it did you?"
Jen said, "Well it's only a country road and since we had been standing there for awhile and no one came by, we thought it would be safe enough to do."
"So we went out there and each of us lay down with our legs facing traffic and we spread em wide." Bri said.
"Deb was the time keeper and I think she let us lay there for longer than a minute." Jen replied.
"Once she told us our time was up we sat up in the road and talked about what Deb should do for her dare. We finally decided to have Deb stand in the center of the road with her legs spread and her hands on top of her head for one minute facing each way." Bri continued.
"Bri and I were still standing in the lane on this side of the road while Deb took her position in the center of the road. She finished one minute facing one direction and had turned around facing the other direction when about thirty seconds later a car came up the road from behind her." Jen said.
Bri started laughing while Deb started blushing before Bri continued the story by saying, "We told Deb she had to stand still but she moved saying she didn't want to get hit by the car. When she ran towards Jen and me on the side of the road, we caught her and turned her around facing the car. Deb tried to cover her goodies but we held her arms to her side and we stood behind her."
Jen burst in saying, "The car slowed down and stopped right in front of us. There were three guys and two girls in the car and they asked if we needed any help. I told them Deb lost a dare and had to show someone her tits and pussy."
The guys around the table started laughing and Deb blushed a deeper red when Bri said, "That's not the best part. The best part came when Deb wouldn't open her legs to let the guys in the car see her pussy. Two of them got out and each one picked up a foot and spread Deb wide and while they were looking at her pussy they showed their friends in the car."
Beth asked, "What did they say after that?"
"They said I had a great looking pussy." Deb almost whispered.
Sarah asked, "Then what happened?"
With her face deep red from embarrassment Deb said, "They put my feet down and each of them cupped my pussy and held one of my tits in their hands before they stopped and got back into the car and took off."
Deb continued saying, "I was so mad at Bri and Jen at first because they wouldn't let me go and held me there on display for those people in the car however my pussy got so wet from being exposed that way, I'm still dripping wet. I didn't know I had any exhibitionist in me but after that experience down there, I want to try something again. Maybe next time it won't be so extreme."
The conversation around the table continued but changed to the day's events and how much everyone had fun. Many of our guests thanked Donna and I for having them over and complimented us on our lifestyle.
Everyone enjoyed the BBQ and the beer flowed right up until our guests decided to call it a day and they started packing up to go. Everyone pitched in and picked up everything and helped put everything away. All the garbage was picked up, bagged and put in the garage.
By the time our guests were ready to go it was starting to get dark outside. We walked our guests out to their cars. Unlike when they arrived I noticed none of them had bothered to get dressed. They gave all of us last hugs and got into the cars and prepared to leave.
We watched as they pulled away from the house and headed down the driveway before we walked back into the house. Once inside all of us agreed that the day was wonderful, fulfilling and tiring.
Julie asked me, "May Brandi and I use the pool"
I looked at her and said, "While you're here, you don't have to ask, you're welcome to do whatever you want to do."
Donna looked around the room and asked, "Anyone else interested in a good soak in the pool, I'm going."
Donna joined hands with Brandi and Julie and started walking through the house headed towards the patio. I looked at everyone and said, "Sounds good to me, let's enjoy ourselves."
Beth heard Kim fusing and went to pick her up and bring her out to the pool.
All of us slipped down into the warm water of the pool and relaxed. I looked around and said, "I love all of you for being part of my family's lives."
There was a reverberation of "I love you" heard floating above the pool from all the others who were enjoying our early evening soak.
Leaning back I looked across the pool and saw Julie and Brandi floating near Donna, mom and Sarah I thought to myself, wow they're staying over a few more days. Things should stay interesting.
*
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story.