Everyone in this story is at least eighteen and Dani is the narrator.
*****
Chapter four
Tilly's behaviour was really getting out of control. Kristy was ashamed to call Tilly her blood sister.
Jake, Tanya and Jane had tried punishing her, grounding her and even trying to have an adult conversation with her. Nothing was working and the whole household was suffering, so much so that all of Tilly's sisters would make themselves scarce when they knew that Tilly would be home.
It was time to lay down the law. "pull your socks up young lady or you are welcome to leave. You are now 26 and we have done everything we can for you and your studies have been completed." Jake was so angry with his daughter.
"Oh fine then. I'm taking the caravan and I'm hitting the road while I figure out what I want to do with my life." Tilly snapped back at her father.
Tanya was so disappointed with her daughters attitude and lack of respect for all three of her parents. Tanya burst into tears as Tilly drove into the sunset. "Will I ever have a proper relationship with that girl?"
All the rest of the family gathered to comfort Tanya in her time of need.
"I think that Jane deserves one of Rubies sensual full body massages to take her mind of Tilly." Jane chimed in as she wiped away Tanya's tears.
Tanya's immediate family joined Her In the spa for a gangbang and to take it the glorious view of the nudist beach they were so lucky to accommodate. Kristy took charge of her Mother's sexual needs and instructed their lesbian bitch Jane, her father Jake and her sisters to give Tanya the ultimate pleasure and multiple orgasm Tanya deserves, trying to distract Tanya from her problems with Her relationship with Tilly.
Tanya found herself sprawled the length of the spa with her legs hanging over the side. It was a two way pussy eating loving between Jake and Kristy. Jake showed his talents managing to finger his daughter and caress her tits while he gave his wife oral sex. Kristy hand pumped her fathers cock while she destroyed her Mother's sweet cunt until her parents and sisters were covered with his hot seed. Jane offered her ass for Jake to fuck and masturbated away when Kristy sprawled herself on top of her Mother grinding their tits and wet cunts together. Jen led the way as Jane's three daughters ate out Tanya and Kristys cum soaked pussy and ass's. Jen copped most of Tanya and Kristy's pleasure as they pissed on her face as one. That made Jen particularly horny and she massaged the wee combo all over her entire body and inside of her sweet young pussy.
Tanya was blown away with the hot loving she was reviving from her efforts to get her lesbian bitch Jane constantly pregnant. Jake was in Heaven as he ass fucked and fingered his four stunning daughters to multiple orgasms. Jake couldn't contain his excitement as his six ladies gave him continuous blowjobs and sucked his balls dry, as he took in beauty and wet bodies as he watched stunning busty ladies sunbaking, emerging from the surf and playing sports down on the nudist beach.
It really bought a warm smile to Tanya's face the loving, caring nature, sexually active and concern her family showed her. "I love you all so much. Tanya's face and tits was beaming. Grab your towels everyone. I need to feel the whole warmth of the sun caressing my naked body down on the beach and the ocean crashing over me as I run and dive through the surf with my family in tow."
Jake and his family stayed down at the beach for hours soaking up the last moments of the sun. The eye candy and pussies in our faces made Jane and Jake so horny as we surfed and sunbaked as one.
As the sunset on us it was time to retire to our home and order hand burgers for dinner.
Tina asked if we could visit the sex beach while Tanya was receiving her massage by Ruby tomorrow afternoon. "It makes me so wet and warm between my legs to have the public watching me having sex. I wonder if Ruby would mind if we took Scott to the sex beach tomorrow to help Dad pleasure us?" With a big cheeky grin on her face.
Jane winked at her daughter. "I think that could be arranged!"
Tanya was in a sexually explosive mood with Jane after dinner, while the girls helped Jake clean up and wash our sex off the spa and the Balcony. The girls joined their father for a family shower to make a whole new sex mess in the bathroom.