It's my first time in this small German city and I'm off work. In the taxi to my hotel the streets are bustling. Excited and horny, I shower, change and head out.
A cold beer, a warm, salty pretzel and I'm ready for adventure. Strolling the main street towards the red-light district there are fewer people out now than earlier. It's a rough looking town but I'm up for it. More shadowy figures in doorways now; I walk faster and cross the street to avoid an approaching gang. If it gets too sketchy I'll go back to the hotel. Crossing a side street, a big blond guy in motorcycle leathers appears, speaking German. I've no idea what he's saying so I apologize and keep walking.
Two blocks further I turn a corner and there it is: people, neon lights and sex. Pretty girls pose in red light windows wearing lingerie and bikinis, beckoning to passersby. A sexy young whore catches my eye; winking, she pumps her fist towards her shiny red lips and makes her cheek bump out with her tongue. I find a seedy little bar and have a beer by an open window, enjoying this crazy scene. Pissing in the dark, musty loo I take a deep breath before going back out, enjoying the smell.
The ground-level windows are just the tip of the iceberg; each glowing neon brothel on both sides of this narrow, pedestrian street occupies several floors accessed by a door next to the row of windows. On each floor, prostitutes sit in doorways, trying to out-slut each other for my attention. I climb stairs and visit each floor of several brothels, flirting and enjoying the sights, smells and sexy atmosphere. Some girls look bored but most are hungry for business; several have walls hung with riding crops, paddles, butt plugs, strap-on dildos, etc. - what some lack in looks they make up for in other ways. A gorgeous, young t-girl rubs her meaty she-cock through sheer panties and blows me a kiss. I pause to check out her tanned body, perfect D-cups, hot ass and big, juicy "surprise". I'm intrigued and I might be back. I masturbate a bit in a dark stairwell.
A sexy older prostitute puts the moves on me, grabbing my cock through my jeans and whispering in my ear with a strange accent, "I suck you good, no protection, you come in my mouth baby, yes."
I'm really turned on and play along, "Can I fuck you? No protection? I want to come in your pussy."
"Yes darling, you come wherever," she purrs, emphasizing 'wherever'.
"Can I fuck your ass? Anal? No protection?"
"Yes, fuck me darling, please fuck me, come in my ass, fuck me hard with your big cock," she whispers in my ear, then slips her warm tongue in and blows gently; her hot, smoky breath makes me shiver. I put my arms around her hips, squeezing her butt through her thin, tight, little dress, spreading her ass cheeks with my fingers, pulling her in close, she smells like pure slut. She's rhythmically rubbing herself against my hard-on and I'm kissing her on the lips, imagining fucking her asshole, her ass driving back onto my lubed-up cock - but I'm not that crazy so I hand her a crumpled ten euro note, leave and feel bad for toying with her so much.
Later, back at the bar, in walks that big biker. He sees me, smiles as if we're old friends and sits down. His English is pretty good; he's Dierk, from Munich. I buy him a beer. We chat and watch the action on the street. He's into bodybuilding, motorcycles and he certainly has a bit of an edge to him. He buys the next round. He's horny, and rubs his cock through his shiny leather pants, showing off his bulge, outlining it with his fingers to emphasize its size. "I fuck these whores, cum on their faces. I like the old ones the best, they'll even make you change!" he says, laughing and grabbing his cock. I'm strangely turned on by all this. I'm also a little drunk and I really need to piss but don't want to leave my beer unattended so I finish it and tell him I'll get the next round.
The urinals are close together and I'm pissing in the one furthest from the door. Dierk appears, as I thought he might. Standing at the urinal next to mine he pulls out his thick cock. He's pissing and stroking it at the same time. When he finishes pissing he keeps stroking and it gets bigger. I'm staring, "that's a big cock," I say, not very original and nervous as fucking hell. This is insane, what am I doing! I'm getting hard watching him jerk-off, "I love your cock," I say, egging him on, and myself, my head spinning. I'm stroking my dick too. Then, "Let me suck it. I want to suck that fucking cock. Cum on my face. Make me your dirty fucking whore," I'm begging and reaching for it.
Anyone could walk in; the bar was busy but I don't care anymore. I get down on my knees and he slaps me with his cock, then pushes it into my open mouth; it feels so good in my mouth, I feel it pulse and twitch. He smells like leather, smoke and sweat. I can even taste pussy! I'm sucking his hot shaft, swallowing him to the hilt, tasting his pre-cum. Then, thrusting, he stops, his cock swells and lifts as he grunts and cums hard, shaking, pulling out to finish in my mouth and on my face as I look up at him, my mouth open, tongue out, covered in his warm, salty jizz. I swallow it all.
He steps back, zips up and turns to leave, then stops, "dirty whore," he says, grinning and reaching into his pocket. He tosses me a ten euro note. It looks very familiar.