Melissa and Kirsty both agreed their last weekend away had been an unbelievably enjoyable experience.
Who would have imagined two twenty-somethings, one just about to be married and the other with a long-time live-in boyfriend, would - not once, but twice - be romping around their resort room absolutely naked, would be dining topless and skinny-dipping, would be sharing a bed together, and would be intimately - so intimately - touching, feeling, arousing one other. (Preparing Melissa Pt. 4)
Both knew that weekend could never be paralleled.
But both had decided they must have another weekend away. Alone, together, again. The special fun, the excitement, the exhilaration of that first weekend was just too alluring.
So the date for another weekend was agreed, and the two set each other a challenge: to find or invent a different way to significantly enhance their sexual lives...the details of which they would then share on that second weekend. These were not to be fantasies - they had to have tried them, and then added them to the sex menu they shared with their partners.
Both expected they would be 'fun' things because both had agreed that playing games with their partners had significantly enhanced their sex lives - not just in what they did, but in how often they were having sex.
They booked the same room - just the short dash to the outdoor pool - packed an ample supply of wine...and Kirsty, thoughtfully, brought a couple of candles for their tiny dinner table - just in case...
* * * * *
Some hours after they arrived at the resort - having first had the opportunity to catch up on each other's news, all the gossip, and assess the quality of some of the wine they had brought - Mel suggested to Kirsty that it was time to 'share your new sex secret.'
'This one is fairly simple,' Kirsty replied. 'I bought a pair of crotch-less panties, which we call my 'peek-a-boo panties'.'
'Vic absolutely loves them. He loves pushing his fingers through the gap and then feeling around my mound and slit...and, occasionally when I choose to wear them whilst having sex, he likes the thought of having to push his penis through not one, but two holes, before he can finally deliver his load of cum.'
'And both of us agree that wearing my peek-a-boo panties while making love provides both of us with a slightly different, quite erotic sensation. In fact, some of the best sex we have had recently has been whilst I have been wearing them!'
'The other thing is that Vic makes me wear them out to the shops, when he insists I also wear a skirt. It seems to turn him on...he probably imagines or hopes I might accidentally expose myself down there...and we often end up in the car afterwards where he asks me to give him a 'peep at my privates'... which means I then have to lift my skirt so he can see whatever might be visible between my legs...but, as you can guess, that peep occasionally turns into a poke, or a pull, or a pash!'
'Vic says the 'peep at your privates' part of shopping is the best thing about any trip to the shops...and the other day he even embarrassed me by announcing, loud enough for others to hear, that it was 'just 5 minutes until my peep at your privates' whilst we were waiting in the checkout queue at the supermarket!'
'You must think Vic and I have become quite weird,' Kirsty said to Mel.
'Yes,' replied Mel. 'But weird in the best possible way. Isn't that the benefit of having a long partner - that you CAN be so playful, so often, and in the most unusual of situations?'
And Mel thought that 'peek-a-boo panties' was exactly the right name for them, when she remembered that Kirsty had an unusually large clit that was continually playing peek-a-boo between her labial lips.
'I actually also enjoy occasionally wearing my peek-a-boo panties to the shops,' Kirsty continued. 'The inbuilt gap allows me to feel the breezes that come from the air conditioners and freezers in the supermarket over the whole of the area between my legs - and this gives me a sort of naughty feeling that I am naked, when in fact I'm clothed...and that frosty breeze going a little further up than usual, is a wonderfully stimulating sensation...especially on a warm day, or when I'm just hot!'
'Because I have found my peek-a-boo panties to be so much fun, I have bought you a pair. So, Melissa, out of your panties ...and into your new peek-a-boos...and then let me have a 'peep at your privates.' I promise you, that peep will not be the last you will receive!'
Mel's 'sexing-up secret' was an adult version of the popular ABC friezes that are often a decorative feature in kids' bedrooms.
Mel had concluded a couple of small blackboards would be the ideal bedroom decoration - so that the wording on them could be changed from time-to-time - and these now hung from the wall above the head of her bed. She had, however, brought them along this weekend, wrapped in a beach towel, for Kirsty to see.
She unwrapped the boards, and instructed Kirsty to slowly read aloud what was written on them:
'TONIGHT
A is for Arousal
B is for Babe
C is for Cum
D is for Dreaming
E is for Erotic
F is for Fucking...naturally!
G is for G-spot
H is for Happiness
I is for Intimate
J is for Juices
K is for Kissing
L is for Loving
M is for Mark=>Melissa...Mmm...More!
N is for Nipples
O is for Oh! Oral
P is for Penetration
Q is for Quickie
R is for Romp
S is for Sex
T is for Tickling
U is for Undies
V is for Vamp
W is for Wetness
X is for X-rated
Y is for Yes!
Z is for zzz...which never occurs before S!'
Kirsty had a good giggle.
'M worries me,' Kirsty observed. 'You are not allowing Mark to screw you yet, are you Mel? After all, you're not married yet!' she joked.
'Whatever gives you that idea, Kirsty?' Mel replied. 'I'm an unsullied virgin, hymen is completely intact, and Mark will only be able to take my virginity on our wedding night - just as I know Vic took your virginity on your wedding night...because he told me you screamed, you bled, and he saved the sheets to show me!'
'The bastard!'
'This is actually a very tame version of what sometimes appears,' Mel went on to explain. 'It sometimes gets very raunchy...and both of us even spent a couple of weeks trying to update it with the filthiest words we could find. That was particularly good fun.'
'But the sexy thing about it is, we can send messages to one another,' Mel continued. 'For example, I might discover two changes have just been made - D is for Doggie, T is for Tonight - which sends me a very unmistakable message.'
'So we both have to ensure we check the boards every evening to see what changes the other person might have made.'
'Other times I might simply tell Mark I want, for example, E, N and T tonight - sometimes choosing the letters deliberately, sometimes just choosing them at random. And some interesting evenings have resulted from picking letters at random - like if I were to suggest that you have X and Z tonight! '
'Mark obviously knows I've brought the boards along this weekend, and I've promised him you'll change some of the words for us before I bring it home...so Kirsty, here's the chalk, and your challenge this weekend is to re-write the words for us.'
'Mmm,' thought Kirsty. 'Change 'Melissa' to 'Kirsty'...F would stay as it is, naturally!...I would be Interesting...T would be Tantalising...R would be Risky...and J would be Just Joking!'...
* * * * *
Their previous 'Undies Only' dinner had left the girls with the feeling that they were behaving like a pair of naughty schoolgirls. It was slightly risqué, the sort of thing that 'mature women', like them, just do not do!
So, of course, it just had to be repeated - a home delivered meal, eaten whilst bare-breasted, seated at their small table at the window with its curtains wide open and facing the resort swimming pool. The only difference with this 'Second Annual Undies-Only Evening', as the pair quickly christened it, was that the table was lit by the candles, thoughtfully brought by Kirsty.
As the evening progressed, the girls became aware that two young guys - probably construction workers from a nearby road extension - were sitting beside the pool drinking beers...and definitely looking their way.
'Let's give them a thrill,' Mel suggested playfully, as she moved from the table to completely open the bathroom door and flick on the bathroom light. That, along with the candles and the light coming into the room from the outside, was enough to clearly illuminate the scene in their room.
'Kirsty, you start by moving your hands up from your hips to your breasts and then give them a good lift,' Mel suggested.
Then Mel did the same to her breasts.
It was obvious they had the attention of the males. The girls had another few sips of their wine.
'If it's OK with you, I am going to come around and cup your breasts from behind,' Mel said.
'Yes, please go ahead,' Kirsty replied. So Mel again rose from her seat, moved behind Kirsty who had also stood up, pushed her boobs into Kirsty's back and placed her hands under Kirsty's breasts, slowly raising them...and held them aloft for a good few seconds.
'Now turn around,' Mel suggested. 'And point at my nipples, then give them a tiny squeeze with your fingers and then give them a kiss - but do it all slowly, so the boys get something to really excite them.'
'They will think we are a pair of lesbo's,' Kirsty laughed as she did as Mel had suggested.
'Good,' replied Mel. 'That's the whole idea!'
They then returned to their seats and had yet another sip or two of wine...leaving the prying eyes to wonder what they might see next.
'How game are you Kirsty?' Mel asked. 'Would you be prepared to touch and kiss my breasts again and, very obviously, move your hands down between my legs?'
'Why not?' Kirsty replied.
And so the teasing continued...occasionally...teasingly...between more sips of the wine and more girl gossip.
Then Mel got up, turned her back to the window and slowly removed her nickers...then ran into the bathroom where she re-dressed before returning to join Kirsty at the table.
The boys had not...did not... leave their chairs beside the pool.
'How about we give them one last, big thrill,' Kirsty later suggested. 'How about both of us make a dash straight for the pool, dive in, and then dash straight back to the room?'
'With undies on or off?' Mel asked...
'And just make sure the door is firmly wedged open,' Kirsty called to Mel as they were both about to leave the room...
That night the girls collapsed into their bed together in absolute hysterics...wondering exactly what those two guys would be telling their workmates the next morning...wondering how many men would turn up for drinks around the pool the next night, hoping for an encore...or perhaps a totally different 'peep show'.
* * * * *
Towards the end of the weekend both girls agreed the 'Second Annual Undies-Only Evening' had again been a highlight...and both felt it was something that they now should extend in some way, so that their partners could become involved.
So they set a date for dinner at Mel's unit and they agreed - because it had been such marvellous fun teasing the two voyeurs who had been sitting near the pool and so obviously watching them - that they would avail themselves of any opportunity that presented itself to tease their partners.
So some months later...
Dinner was about to be served. Vic and Mark were instructed to go to the bedroom and strip to their underpants. Melissa and Kirsty subsequently did the same, both emerging having brushed their hair and - unconsciously - adjusted their panties to maximise comfort and ensure that what little remained of their feminine modesties were adequately covered.
As they took their places at the table, Mel reiterated that a strict 'look, but don't touch' rule was in force that night.
Both Mel and Kirsty wondered, though, how long the boys would be able to obey this instruction...and, indeed, how long it would be before one, or both of them, might have to make a dash to the bathroom to 'relieve' themselves.
Mel and Kirsty had discussed these possibilities during their weekend away - but had decided this would just add to the fun of the dinner...if not for the boys, at least for the two of them!
Both Vic and Mark felt they had won the jackpot. Mark was seated directly opposite Kirsty and Mel took the chair opposite Vic. So both men had a new, previously-hidden, enticing, teasing set of boobs to constantly entertain their eyes that evening.
Dinner was excellent...but both boys experienced extended, unanticipated pain.
Vic, in particular, was constantly distracted by Mel's perfectly raised, perfectly rounded breasts and couldn't help fanaticising.
He wondered when... he hoped...he would receive some indication he was welcome to run his hands up and around those beautiful spheres...perhaps be allowed to flick her nipples with his tongue... maybe, even...maybe even be able to take her breasts into his mouth to give them a satisfying suck...
He wondered just when, and where, Mel had first allowed some lucky young lad to lift her bikini top to become the first man to lay eyes on her perfect tits...and how much further she had then allowed him to go. Perhaps he had been allowed to touch those beckoning breasts...maybe even allowed to kiss her teenage nipples, which still had yet to be fully formed...perhaps, even, his hand may have strayed down between...
Then he pictured Mel during her pre-teen years. With a typical little girl's 'flat' chest, her mons as smooth and bare as...well, as smooth and bare as every prepubescent mons.
If only Mel knew how much he wished he was now sitting at a glass-topped table and she was bottom-less, instead of being top-less - sorry, she was BOTH top-less and bottom-less!! - and he was able to examine that now-mature mound through the glass of the table top. Would it be covered with thick bush?...be neatly trimmed?...perhaps totally bare?
'Bald' should be the only way for her to be, he rapidly concluded.
And then he imagined Mel, transforming during puberty...gazing into her mirror most nights... watching her tiny breast buds emerging...then watching her pubic hair sprout, growing ever so slowly, to ultimately completely cover her now much more-visible, more-pronounced teenage mound...and those tiny buds gradually becoming beautifully rounded breasts...which she lovingly and repeatedly caressed as she repeatedly checked their development in her mirror...gradually sculpting them with her hands into the perfect shapes she now possessed...wishing they would become a just little larger, a little fuller...then, having reached the size and shape that she knew that every man would want to touch - and every other woman would envy - willed them...willed them...willed them to immediately stop growing...whilst, all the time, having ever-more regular, ever-more vivid thoughts about a young prince whisking her away to...
And Vic also imagined her in a few years' time. Those well-rounded, taught breasts engorged...straining...almost bursting...with perhaps a tiny drop of her milk occasionally dripping from the tip of her nipples. He even dreamed, that if her baby was unable to take all her milk, he might be invited over on an 'emergency' mission to suck her breasts dry, to completely empty her breasts - at least for an hour or so - so her bursting breasts might receive the relief they were so desperately seeking.
He wondered just when that invitation might come for him to feel her breasts, savour her nipples...and...
He realised her boobs - and his thoughts - had led him to develop a significant erection...
And he hoped that no-one would notice the small damp patches that occasionally become visible on his underpants...that dampness emerging from the very tip of his erect penis!
And, he wondered, how was Mark coping? Did he also have an erection hidden under the table?...just inches away from two tight but presumably now-receptive innies, either of which would be more-than-capable of providing instant relief!
...After the main course was finished, Mark walked to the kitchen and returned with another bottle of wine. He topped-up Kirsty's glass, allowing his hand to 'accidentally' brush up her naked breast.
'No touching. That's the strict rule,' Melissa said, having observed her friend's reaction. 'Bad boy...go to your room...whilst I fetch The Corrector for Kirsty.'
Mark departed, soon followed by Kirsty.
'Two good wacks would be appropriate,' Mel called after them. 'And don't forget the house rules - The Corrector must ALWAYS be administered to bare buttocks, and can only be used by someone with bare buttocks.'
Both Mel and Vic awaited the sound of ...'wack', 'wack'.
Kirsty and Mark soon returned - both re-attired in their undies, their modesties restored, and both smiling broadly.
Mel then revealed that, while they were elsewhere, Vic had indicated he thought two wacks was a very small price for being allowed to touch.
'What do you think, Kirsty? Should I now let him touch my boobs for two wacks...or perhaps allow him to lick them for three?' she said playfully.
'Or a squeeze AND lick them for four?' Vic added, hopefully.
Mark then had to silently watch as Vic cupped Mel's boobs and squeezed them, then took both into his mouth - as far as he could - before allowing each in turn to slowly, ever so slowly, be withdrawn.
Vic was sure he heard a two faint 'pops' at the precise moments when each of Mel's nipples - now standing very rigidly to attention - was finally freed from between his tightly-pursed lips.
And it occurred to Mel that this was the first time, the first time in many years, her breasts and nipples had been inside another man's mouth - that is, in a mouth that did not belong to Mark...who, of course, was receiving regular and satisfying tastes of her breasts.
Mel, to her surprise, also found Vic's mouthing somewhat more than just 'a little' pleasurable.
Whilst Mel was enjoying this novel sensation, Mark was feeling a little annoyed that HIS lady was so quick to share her beautiful breasts with someone other than himself.
He made a mental note that Melissa's ass would be feeling the pain of his hand later that night...soon to be followed by his manhood thrust deep into her hole, delivering a huge load of cum as far as he could shoot it.
Unconsciously he was wanting to reclaim Melissa, wanting her to return to being exclusively 'his' - just as a dog symbolically claims ownership of a particular object in its territory by lifting its leg.
In the bedroom Vic watched as Mel dropped her undies - and suddenly realised they were crotch-less panties...
And she had been wearing them all night!
What a tease...what a liberated, what an uninhibited, what a fabulously fun lady this Mel was!
As if sitting directly across the table, unable to avoid her superb breasts, hadn't been arousing enough for him...now she was teasing him with the prospect of glimpsing her pubes and her slash a few times that night.
He could hardly wait until they moved to the lounge to drink their coffee, where he would then have an uninterrupted view of her panties...her panties with that strategically-placed additional slit!
He savoured the short moment, though, when he actually saw Melissa fully naked. This, of course, was the first time he had been lucky enough to do so.
And there! Vic's earlier question had just been answered...she had a perfectly trimmed landing strip - one that was not all that different to the landing strip his wife had revealed and then displayed to Mark just a few moments earlier.
Then...Wack.
Melissa raised her arm...and held it momentarily... to allow Vic to focus on what was to follow...Wack.
Then, rapidly...Wack.
And a long wait, a very long wait...
'Get back down...bad boy!' Kirsty and Mark overheard coming from the bedroom.
.
Then...Wack...with Mel increasing the force of that final blow to Vic's bare backside.
'Ouch...oh,' he quietly uttered, almost to himself.
Mel had enjoyed punishing him, as much as Vic had enjoyed receiving his more-than-fair return for his unanticipated 'touching'.
But now Vic had also to wish that the tiny droplets he involuntarily ejaculated on to Mel's bed linen whilst receiving that final swipe would remain unnoticed.
Whilst Mel was exciting Vic, she imagined that in the room next door Mark's mouth would be secretly, gently sucking Kirsty's breasts - perhaps numerous times! She was sure that Mark would have suggested that this would only be fair - to everyone present that night - and she was equally sure that Kirsty would have agreed.
As Vic was pulling on his undies, he noticed Mel's bedroom blackboards. Yes, 'D is for Discipline' was correct. But M should read 'M is for More', he thought...especially if it could again be delivered to him by this vision splendid - openly vaunting her beguiling boobs, wearing those panties with their extra 'come hither' hole - who had been teasing him all-too-painfully that whole evening.
'Time for dessert,' Mel announced. "And boys, Kirsty and I served the first course, so now it's your turn. It's in the big box on the bench - but please be very careful opening it.'
Mark and Vic headed for the kitchen. Mel waited for their reaction...
When she heard their laughs, she called 'And you both have to serve it, similarly attired.'
Mel leaned over and took two big blue bows from her handbag. She handed one to Kirsty.
'For you to tie on Mark. And I have one I am going to attach to Vic.'
And Mel took Kirsty into the kitchen when she saw - to her absolute delight - a cake in the shape of a giant erection, sporting a big blue bow around its base.
Kirsty could not stop laughing at the thought of the cake - whilst she attached her ribbon to Mark's now-erect member, which she teased first with a couple of gentle, surreptitious squeezes.
Somehow - not knowing how - Mark kept control of himself. Kirsty had taken a real risk of having her face splattered with an explosion of cum...and that would not have been a good look in her friend Mel's kitchen!!
...As they departed that night, Vic wondered how soon it would be before the girls organised a full-on ménage à quatre...
...And when Melissa emerged from her shower the next morning - following a night of particularly steamy romance when she obediently submitted her every orifice and her every mound to her man, and he finally agreed she should set a date for their wedding...or, should that be... he finally agreed that she should set a date for their wedding, and she eagerly submitted her every orifice and her every mound to her man??? - her dainty derrière was displaying the unmistakable outline of a hand having recently given it some VERY serious attention.