This is a story about how my wife flashed to my friends, gave lap dances to them at a strip club, and got fucked by them in our car.
For those who are reading this story first, here is a very quick overview. All my stories revolve around my fantasy of having a slutty exhibitionist wife and me being a willing closet cuckold where I encourage my wife to dress sexy and go out and fuck men. So, if hotwife, voyeur/exhibitionist, and willing cuckold are not your cups of tea then please do not read further.
My name is Andy, and I am 35 years old. I am about 6ft tall and medium built. I used to hit the gym in my early 20s, but my body has softened up since then. I am medium built and have a 7'' cock. I have two profound problems, First, I cum very fast. Less than two minutes and my second problem is that my cock is very thin; way thinner than an average dick. We got married in the UK and moved to Toronto Canada in 2006. Even before marriage, we had a very active sex life. Sally was not like your typical conservative wife. We had sex several times a day and spent several weekends on the bed fucking each other out and trying different things. My wife is 34 years old. She is 5'6'' and has smooth white skin. She has fantastic milky white 34D boobs that seem to fall out of whatever dress she wears. She weighs about 155 and has curves in all the right places. A lot of friends tell her that she looks like Katy Perry. She is sexually insatiable and never gets tired of sex. She can have lots and lots of orgasms before she gets tired. We have recently embarked on a willing cuckold hotwife journey (previous stories) where Sally flashed her pussy to my buddy Adam, fucked a manager at work to get a promotion, and fucked Adam a day before her birthday. Both the men had thicker and longer dicks than mine and they made her cum several times. I even licked the manager's cum from her pussy. It was perfect and I loved what was going on.
I have two good buddies and neighbors that I regularly play poker with Nick and Milo. Milo is a real estate agent and Nick is an investment banker with lots of spare cash. Both are married. I know Nick is very popular with the girls in the bank. The great thing about him is his stamina. Once, he brought one of the married women at the bank to our house to fuck. We have cameras at the entrance and the downstairs and upstairs hallways of our house (not the bedrooms). I could tell that he fucked her for 4 hours straight. I could hear the moans on the camera and later he told me that he could have gone longer (I wanted him to leave as my wife would be home). I have always fantasized about him using and abusing my wife. Anyway, during our regular poker games, Nick keeps talking about buying an investment property renting it out for 4-5 years, and selling it. He keeps saying the property will pay for itself and you can sell it and make a lot of money. I was not in favor of the idea, but Sally liked it.
I had talked her out of this several times and the conversation seemed to end in a couple of days. However, the last time we had this conversation, Nick showed us a good house close to the university that could be easily rented to students. Milo agreed to partner and pay 50% of the value of the house to reduce the risk for us. I still did not like the idea. Sally was getting interested in it now. After they left, we tidied up the house and were getting ready to sleep when Sally brought up the topic again and said: "Honey, I think this investment property that Nick is discussing is a really good idea".
I replied, "I don't think so honey, you know the last time I rented a property, I had to evict the tenant and he did not pay rent for 6 months."
"Yes, I know." replied Sally, "It may not happen this time, also, we have Milo sharing 50% of the cost if we run into problems. Doesn't look like a bad idea.". "I don't know Sally," I replied.
Sally put her hands under the sheets and started stroking me and I became hard. She knew I would cum fast, so she stopped, got up from the bed and put her legs around my shoulders, and sat down. She then grabbed my head and forced it into her pussy. I started licking her pussy. Sally's pussy was so beautiful. It always gives me an instant hard-on. Sally was enjoying the tongue fuck she was getting. I kept licking her for about 5 minutes till she came hard on my face. She then lowered herself and put my cock in her pussy. She just sat there still with my cock in her pussy and said: "Honey, here is the deal. If you agree to buy this property, I promise to flash my pussy and ass to your friends and fuck them." That had an immediate reaction on me. Sally did not even have to move, and I came right inside her. She felt my warm cum and smiled. She knew I liked the idea. I stroked my cock a little more in her pussy till I was completely drained and told her, "Fuck, you know how to convince me. OK, the deal is on, but you must flash and fuck both before we sign any papers. I think you will have a lot of fun with Milo. I know he fucked someone at his work for 4 hours straight and could have gone more. He is also thicker and longer than me, so he will fill you up nicely. I don't know much about Nick though." Sally put a finger in her pussy, scooped some cum on her fingers, and then put it in my mouth and said, "That should be fun, for both of us."
She created a messenger chat group with her, Milo, and Nick in it where Nick could post property information and we could discuss price features, etc. We slept for the night.
The next few days went by as usual. Nick posted pics and we discussed properties. We finally shortlisted three houses we could go and see. Occasionally I would also post dirty jokes on the chat and the only reaction from Sally would be saying LOL. The guys made dirty comments about the jokes, and she was ok. I also put a picture of a topless woman with a comment about her tits. Again, Sally just said lol and the guys were commenting. Nick and Milo also put some sexy pictures of women and we were all enjoying. Nick called me Wednesday morning and told me that we could go see the property we were interested in on Friday and then a couple more on Saturday. We can make an offer and sign on Sunday. We could see the first property any time after 8 pm as the owners were going out and did not want to be bothered during the daytime. Milo was available to go for both showings. The prospect of my wife flashing and fucking my buddies that weekend got me excited, and I immediately agreed. I reached home in the evening, had dinner and as Sally was putting the dishes in the dishwasher, I walked behind her, raised her nightgown, and started playing with her pussy. Sally just smiled and let me play with her. I told her, "Honey, are you ready to flash this sexy ass and pussy of yours over the weekend. Get your pussy ready to be fucked hard. Nick called and we will see a few properties over the weekend and sign on Sunday. You know the deal, so be ready."
Sally became wetter and just smiled. She stopped cleaning the dishes and sat on the kitchen counter. She then motioned me to kneel on the floor and start licking her pussy and ass. I licked her into a couple of strong orgasms. Once done, we cleaned up and started chatting. She looked at her calendar and mentioned that we may have to change the plan as she had to go to a baby shower that day. I was disappointed and asked her when the shower ended. She mentioned that it starts at 4. I told her that it would probably be over by 7 anyway as that was the time we were leaving. Besides, Nick and Milo lived in the same neighborhood, and the house was available to view any time after 8, so 30 minutes here and there would not matter. Sally agreed and we did not change our plans. I was relieved.
Sally casually said, "So how am I going to flash and fuck your buddies? I don't think they know I am a hotwife and you like me fucking around with other men.". "Hmm." was all I could say. "Let's sleep over this and we can talk tomorrow.". Sally agreed and we went to bed. I spent all day at work thinking about how to make this happen and came up with a plan. The next day I narrated the plan to Sally and she liked it. We went out in the evening and picked a special outfit for her. We also went to the local strip club and spoke to a stripper and the DJ about Friday evening. They were all on board. We thought the plan would work. The plan involved Sally going with us to see the property on Friday after having a few drinks at the baby shower and acting as if she lost some of her inhibitions when in fact, she would be in total control going through the evening. Since this was still business Nick's and Milo's wife would not accompany us and we could take advantage of the opportunity.
It was about 5 pm. We started to put the plan into action. I messaged Nick and Milo on Friday and asked if I could drive that day. I told them that I could pick them up and then we could pick up Sally had to go to a baby shower. Depending on the mood, we could probably go for drinks before or after seeing the property. Everyone agreed. As I had mentioned before Sally looks a lot like Katy Perry. Increase her height by a couple of inches, make her tits a little smaller, and decrease her weight by a few pounds, put on some makeup and she will look exactly like Katy Perry. So, I logged into my computer and loaded an image my wife sent me a few weeks back. It was either taken by her manager or the security guard in her office. The picture showed my wife sitting legs spread on a table. She had a black skirt bunched around her waist. Her white dress shirt was completely open and exposing her tits. She had spread and pulled her legs on the back of her neck. Her fingers pointed to her pussy and asshole. Her pussy and asshole were visible and there was cum oozing out of both of my wife's holes. The picture was taken on one of the days when her manager wanted her to stay back after work so that he could fuck her. The security guard walked in while he was banging my wife and joined in the fun. The message had a very nice caption "I have treats for you when I come back... so don't sleep". I cleaned up the manager's and the guard's cum from my wife's pussy and ass that night. I was hoping for a repeat on Friday.
Anyway, I opened the picture in an image editor and then searched the internet for images of Katy Perry. I used the software to remove my wife's face and put Katy Perry's face in the picture. I sent the image on the chat software to Nick, Milo, and Sally with the caption. Katy Perry creampie. I am sure the guys would have been surprised to see such a hardcore picture. Sally immediately replied. "Guys will be guys...LOL, although looks like a fake picture." Milo replied, "Looks like a fake too... she looks more like Sally... lol...just kidding." That was very gutsy from Milo even though he said just kidding. I got excited by this and replied, " I wish." And then immediately typed "Oops sorry, I meant to say you wish.". There was a big lol from everybody, but it set the tone for the evening. I had knowingly sent a naked picture of my wife to my buddies which made me hard. Anyway, around 7 pm, I picked up Nick and then Milo. Sally was at her friend's house which was 5 minutes away. While driving we started chatting about the picture and had a good laugh. They guys complimented me for having such a sexy wife and we were all in a good mood.
Sally had chosen her clothes very carefully. It was more for the events to follow than the baby shower. She was wearing a tube top that was heart-shaped in the front and went down right up to the skirt. There was a thin transparent sheer layer that went from the top of her titties and ended around her neck in a satin collar. It was connected to the top with Velcro. Half of her boobs were falling out and were being supported by sheer material. Sally also put on a tight short black mini skirt. Looking from far away it looked like a single short dress, but it was a tube top and a skirt. The skirt was tight and very short. It ended only a few inches below her ass. She wore some very sexy, almost sheer black panties that covered only a part of her ass. One could say that she dressed very sexy. If the skirt was a little shorter or if the sheer portion on the top were missing, then my wife would have looked like a total slut. Just as I was pulling into the neighborhood where Sally was, I got a call from her asking where we were. I told her I would be there in a minute or so. She said she was waiting outside the house. I turned on the street where Sally was and parked in front of the house where she was. We were treated to a super-hot view. Sally was sitting on the porch steps leading to the driveway deliberately not noticing us. My wife sat with her knees pointing up and legs spread. The guys got a clear view of my wife's sexy legs, her milky white things that were contrasted by the sexy black panties. The view gave me an instant hard too. Milo and Nick were also shamelessly staring between her legs. From far away it was not obvious that her panties were sheer. It was so hot watching my buddies staring at my wife's sexy legs and panties.
I let them enjoy the view for a few seconds and then honked. The guys came out of their trance and started looking straight ahead. Sally got up, walked down the steps, smiled, and started walking towards us pretending that nothing had happened. Now, I drive a Toyota Sequoia which is a large SUV with a high ride height. It also has lots and lots of deep space behind the second-row seats to store stuff. Sally opened the door behind me and once again, deliberately took a slow long step into the truck exposing her panties one more time. Nick and Milo had a good look at her one more time. My wife sat down without adjusting her already short skirt exposing a lot of her legs and upper thighs. The skirt was riding so high now that I was surprised that her panties were not in plain view. Nick and Milo were also staring at her legs, and she acted as if she did not know what was going on. We started to drive towards the property we needed to see making small talk I noticed that the guys were constantly staring at my wife's legs and her tits through the sheer material hoping to get a better view. I was now very sure Nick (sitting in the front) could see her panties as he had a hard-on. We ignored the stares and pretended as if nothing had happened.
Sally had dabbed some vodka on her dress so that the guys thought she had a few drinks. Nick and Milo did not stop staring at my wife's legs, they got a good view of her legs once more when she got down from the truck to see the property. They were now blatantly staring at her legs even when I was looking. Sally kept smiling and they figured out that either I did not mind or was unaware of what was going on. The property that we were looking at was a 3-story house with a lot of stairs to climb. Nick and Milo made sure to walk behind Sally when we were climbing the stairs. I walked behind them and saw that both guys got a great view of my wife's panty-covered ass. My mind started to wander, I wanted them to rip the panties and fuck her right on the steps. Anyway, we saw the property and hopped into the truck. The conversation started. Milo kept staring at my wife's legs and asked me "So, are we still on for drinks, I could use a few, it's very hot in here." Sally chimed in, "I agree, I am so hot right now."
"OK, let's go," I replied. "Where do you want to go?" Sally jumped in and asked, "I want you guys to have a good time. Where would you guys usually do if I were not here." Nick and Milo looked at each other and then at Sally's legs once again. Milo once again replied, "When guys are alone and want to go for drinks, they usually go to a strip club." Nick added, "So, you want to go Sally?" Sally looked at Nick and replied, "Sure, why not, everyone likes to see some hot naked girls" The guys were now a little quiet. I jumped in and said, "OH! I think Cannonball will be a good one to go to, right?" The guys readily agreed. They would have driven anywhere to go to a strip club with a hot woman like my wife. I put the directions in the GPS and started driving. A few minutes into my drive Sally announced "It is really hot in here. Honey, do you have a water bottle in your truck?" I replied "Yes, there is, but I don't know if you will be able to get to it now, they are behind the back seat. Do you want me to stop and get it?" Sally replied, "No, don't worry, I will try to get it."
With that Sally, turned around in her seat and started looking at the back, she then put her belly on the top of the seat pretending to bend over and grab the bottle. I was pretending to look straight and drive but could see everything through the rearview mirror. Nick and Milo got a fantastic view of my wife's ass. Both guys were now sporting a hard-on They could see that my wife's panties were sheer, and they could see the smooth white skin inside. Sally had bent a lot and spread her legs. I am not sure about Nick, but Milo could easily see her pussy and possibly her puckered asshole. I got an instant hard too. Sally stayed like that for almost a minute and then climbed down and drank the water. She quietly noticed that the guys had a hard-on but just pretended as if nothing had happened. Nick also asked my wife for water and she more than obliged by giving the guys a very good view.
We reached the strip club, and the parking lot was full. We drove to a nearby gas station, parked there, and walked to the club. It was packed. There were mostly men and a few women. I was driving so did not order anything. Sally ordered more Vodka, and the guys ordered a beer. We could not find a booth or anything, so we found a regular table with 4 chairs around it very close to the stage. We were all in a good mood. Sally liked the music, she would occasionally stand up gyrate to the music, laugh, and sit down. Nick and Milo sat next to her, and I was opposite Sally. They kept staring at my wife's legs and saw her panties many times. They thought she was drunk. A lot of guys in the strip club were now staring at my wife. I was so excited.
Now the strip club scene in Canada is much more liberal than in the US. 20$ gets you a lap dance for a song in a semi-private area. Usually, the stripper will go topless right away and dance for you, grinding herself in you and letting you feel and suck her boobs. If you pay for one or two more songs, then the panties come off and you can play with pussy. Some strippers will even let you finger them. By the time you pay for the fourth and fifth songs most of them will lower your pants/jeans whatever and grind you enough to make you leak precum or even cum. They will even put on a condom and either fuck you quickly or give you a handjob. This happens about 80% of the time. Most do it, and some do not. Also, if you let the DJ know that it is your birthday, you are invited on the stage, and the stripper that is dancing treats you special.
I spotted the stripper that we had talked to earlier in the week and motioned for her to come over. She smiled and seductively walked over. She pulled a chair and sat between Nick and Sally. She introduced herself as Ruby and started making small talk. As we were chatting Sally casually said that life for strippers is so easy. They hang around, maybe dance on the stage a couple of times a night, dance for horny guys, and make a lot of money. Ruby immediately challenged her and mentioned that dancing is not easy, they must deal with creeps all the time and must work out to stay fit. It ended with Ruby challenging my wife by saying, "Why don't you come up on the stage with me and dance with me for a couple of songs? If you can do half of what I can do on the stage, your husband and his friends get free lap dances." They were all smiling, and it was a friendly challenge. "Well. challenge accepted. except that I may not want to get completely naked on stage," replied Sally. We all laughed. My cock was hard now with the prospect of my wife sexily dancing on stage with a stripper and possibly showing off herself to the crowd there.
We kept chatting for a few minutes and the DJ announced that Ruby would be dancing on the stage next. Ruby looked at my wife and said " OK, I will invite you to the stage in a couple of minutes, and here let me help you get in the right mood for the dance." Having said that Ruby removed the Velcro holding the sheer material on my wife's top unbuttoned the satin collar from her neck and said, "Much better". Sally acted as if she was blushing and pretended to push her breasts a little inside her dress with no success. They guys were now shamelessly staring at my wife's creamy white tits. I told them to take it easy as they were probably going to see more of it once my wife was on the stage. They were surprised and happy at how cool I was with the whole thing. They kept commenting on how sexy my wife was and how lucky I was to have someone like her.
The stripper dancing on the stage stepped down and it was Ruby's turn. She walked on the stage and started dancing a little bit. The stage was small with two stripper poles about 12ft apart. The DJ then stopped the music and announced that they had an amateur from the audience who would like to dance with Ruby. He asked everyone to welcome Sally on the stage. Sally once again pretended to look nervous and flushed. She got up from her chair and walked towards the stage. Instead of using the steps to climb the stage she walked right toward the middle of the stage and climbed up on it. The hoots and hollers from the audience were unbelievable. Ruby passed over the microphone to Sally and asked her to introduce herself and why is she on stage. Sally said that her name was Sally, and she was here with her husband and his friends and was trying to learn a few stripper moves. There were hoots and hollers in the crowd again. Milo asked Nick and me to move closer to the stage to get a closer look. We walked and sat on chairs that were right below the stage. I knew we were going to get a good view.
Sally and Ruby hugged for a bit and then the music started. Ruby made a dance move and then let Sally copy the move. From where we were sitting, we had a good view of Sally's sexy legs and caught more than a few glances of her sexy panties. Milo commented, "I hope you don't get mad...but your wife has some sexy legs." I was excited by his boldness and wanted him to keep going. "No buddy... not mad at all. not only do they look sexy, but the skin is so smooth, it's unbelievable." Milo then added, "And those panties she is wearing, make her ass looks so sexy, I hope we get a closer look, now that she is on the stage." We all smiled and kept watching the actions. In one of the moves, Ruby wrapped her legs around the pole and swayed around a few times. She then stopped and motioned my wife to do the same.
Sally walked towards the pole put her feet high and swung her feet around going in circles. Her skirt was now riding very high, and we could all see her panty-panty-covered pussy as she was twirling around. As she was swinging around her tits burst out of her top and her pink nipples were visible to everyone in the crowd. Nick looked at Milo and said, "Here, you got your wish and more." All three of us got hard and I am sure a few guys in the crowd did too. Nick then commented, "Wow Andy, your wife has such sexy tits, big, full, and not saggy. Wish my wife's tits were like that." I knew Nick's wife's tits were rather small. I just added, "Thanks man, I know they make me hard and feel amazing when I slide my cock between them." The guys were a little surprised but laughed and cheered. Once Sally stood up after the twirl, she put half her tits back again the top. The crowds started shouting asking her to show it again. While my wife was thinking about it, Ruby walked behind her and yanked her top down to below her tits. Now my wife's magnificent breasts and the top part of her stomach were visible to everyone. Sally blushed but did not make any attempt to cover herself. The crowd went up in cheers. Sally and Ruby kept dancing together and Ruby had stripped completely naked by then. She tried to remove Sally's skirt and panties completely, but she resisted. However, Ruby managed to pull my wife's skirt around her waist and bunched her panties behind so that they were not covering her ass at all. The entire crowd could see my wife's tits and her ass. They could also see that she was completely shaved.
The sight made me want to unzip my pants and start beating my cock right there. It was very hard to resist the sight of my almost naked wife dancing sexily in front of my friends and lots of strangers. The DJ then announced that we had a birthday boy in the crowd and asked everyone to welcome George to the stage. Everyone cheered on as George made his way up on the stage. Ruby said something to George in his ears and he nodded. Then she said something to Sally that we could not hear, and both smiled. George was asked to lie down on the stage and the music started. Ruby started by standing on top of George with her legs on either side of his head. I am sure George got an awesome view of Ruby's pussy. Then Sally stood on top of George but near his waist. Both girls bent down seductively. While Ruby was unbuttoning George's shirt, my wife unbuckled and pulled down George's jeans revealing his boxers that had a huge tent in them. Sally stepped aside and Ruby got on her hands and knees on top of George and seductively moved her body all over George without touching him. She first brought her lips very close to George making a kissing motion, then very slowly moved so that her tits were close to his face, and finally brought her pussy a couple of inches from his face and slid slowly away from him.
It was Sally's turn now. A stranger was now going to get a very intimate look at my wife, and it was making me hard. Sally started in the same position as Ruby but was not as clean as Ruby. She brought her lips close to George's lips and then as she was slowly moving the rest of her body, George stuck his tongue out and was able to suck a bit of my wife's tits. Sally did not complain. George got encouraged by this and as my wife continued sliding over him, he took his hands and put them over her caressing her back and squeezing her ass as she slid over him. Sally did not complain, and the crowd went wild. The dance then stopped, and George stood up to go back. Ruby and Sally both kissed George on his lips and he returned. Milo commented to me, "That was so fucking hot. Your wife is so bold and so sexy. I wished that I was the guy on the stage." We just smiled.
Sally and Ruby danced together a little bit more. Sally matched Ruby on her every move (as this was set up, Ruby was just doing the easy moves). The crowd was going wild. Once the songs got over Ruby and Sally climbed down the stage and walked towards us. My wife had managed to straighten her skirt so that her panties were not visible. She had also stuffed her tits inside her dress so that her nipples were not visible. Ruby was dressed in her stripper outfit too. We were a little sad to see them like that but happy that these two sexy women were walking up to us.
Once they settled down, we got them more drinks. Milo and Nick were now getting bold. Milo complemented Sally by saying, "Wow Sally, that's bold of you going on the stage and doing that." Sally just blushed and said, "Thank you, I hope I didn't embarrass myself, as I was not sure I could do all the dances as Ruby did, and my body is not exactly as great as Ruby's." Milo immediately replied, "Nonsense, you held your own on the stage, you have such sexy legs, and your tits are so suckable. I would love to get my lips on them." I was excited by the bold statements Milo was making. We all just laughed, and Sally turned to Ruby and said. "Well, the verdict is out. I was able to keep up with you on the stage, now all three guys here deserve free lap dances." "Yeah, Yeah, Yeah," is all she could say. Ruby smiled and agreed. She pointed us to a very quiet corner of the private area and said we could go there. We all picked up our drinks and started walking. I noticed Milo started walking with my wife in front and Nick and I followed them behind. As we started walking, I noticed Milo had his hand around her waist and slowly slid it down till it was resting on my wife's ass. Sally didn't seem to mind and neither did I. Then Milo slid his hands even further below till it was at the edge of my wife's skirt and pushed it inside her skirt squeezing her ass. Once again, my wife didn't seem to mind. Nick saw this too and looked at me to see how I would react. I just winked at him, and he smiled. He knew he was in for a good time.
As we were walking, we looked around and could see a few guys sitting on other couches with strippers giving them lap dances. Some strippers were topless, some were naked. Some guys had their pants pulled down. We saw one stripper giving a guy a blowjob and I saw a guy licking a stripper's pussy and ass from behind as she stood in front of the guy. The atmosphere was sexual. Our area had a small couch with two chairs in front of the couch and a small table at the side to put drinks on. The couch was only big enough for two guys. Milo and Nick sat on the couch and my wife and Ruby sat on the chairs with Milo facing my wife and Nick facing Ruby. Instead of standing, I decided to sit at the table on the side. We started chatting about what was going on in the room and Ruby mentioned that while these activities are usually not allowed, they are normal in this club. As we sat down the DJ walked into the room and said something in Ruby's ears. This was all planned. Ruby looked at us apologetically and said that she had just been informed of an emergency and had to leave. She promised to make it up to us next time and left.
Milo looked at all of us and mentioned, "Well, so much for free lap dances." I took this opportunity to set the ball rolling on the real action for the night. I told my wife, "Hey honey, how hard could lap dances be? You danced on the stage as well as Ruby, I am sure you can give the guys terrific lap dances." Milo's and Nick's eyes lit up at the prospect of seeing my wife naked. Sally just blushed and replied, "I can try, but I don't know if I can get naked in here or do what the other strippers are doing." Milo jumped in and added, "Hey Sally, do what you are comfortable with. We will be very lucky if you just dance for us the way you are dressed right now." We all laughed. So, we decided it was Nick's turn first to get a dance.
Sally got up from the chair and stood up in front of Nick, she started gyrating and dancing seductively to the tune of the music playing in the background. Then my wife moved Nick's legs together and moved closer to Nick. She put her legs on either side of Nick's legs and started dancing seductively in front of him. My wife then moved her lips closer to Nick's lips pretending to kiss him. Her lips were less than an inch away from her and she smiled and moved back. Then she sat on the couch with her knees on it and her legs around Nick. My wife then proceeded to hold her boobs and brought them closer to Nick's face again, teasing him even more. This went on for a few minutes. She then stood up and turned around. She spread her legs a bit and bent down in front of him giving him a good view of her shapely legs and things. In the bent position, she moved back so that her ass was inches away from Nick's face. My wife's panties were already bunched up in her ass, so Nick probably got a good view of Sally's married pussy. It was so hot. She repeated this for about 5 minutes till she was a bit tired and needed to break. Nick did not touch Sally. He was either too shy or shocked that my wife was doing this before my own eyes. As my wife sat down on the chair, we noticed that Nick had gotten hard, and his shorts were tented. My wife got bold and put her hands on Nick's cock and stroked it a bit and said, "It looks like you enjoyed the dance, why don't you take it out and play with it" Nick was speechless. He pulled his shorts and boxers down and we were all greeted by a thick 7.5 cock.
Milo got bold and said it was his turn to get a good look at my wife. Sally took a couple of sips from the vodka and moved towards Milo. The song began and Sally started again by gyrating seductively to the music. She was not much of a professional, so she started with the same routine as Milo. As the wife then moved her lips closer to Milo's lips pretending to kiss him, Milo moved forward and kissed her on her lips. My wife moved back a little indicating she was not ready for it yet but kept smiling. Then as she put her knees on the couch with her legs around Milo, he pushed her down and made her sit on his hard-on.
Sally just smiled and opened her mouth a little bit as she could feel, Milo's cock through his shorts. Sally, then moved her creamy tits towards Milo's face to tease him when he yanked her top down and exposed her breasts. Sally just smiled. As Sally was dancing for Milo in that position, Milo started squeezing and playing with her tits. Milo pinched her nipples hard, and Sally moaned in pain. This got me hard, and I unzipped my pants, whipped my cock out, and started playing with it. Sally noticed it from the corner of her eye and looked towards me and smiled. She started wanking my cock while Milo was playing with her breasts. After a few minutes, Sally got up and turned around and then bent over again to give Milo a good look at her ass. As she moved closer, Milo lowered his shorts and boxers and freed his cock. Sally was bent over when she saw his cock and gasped. His cock was as thick as a soda can and at least 8 inches thick. I thought my wife was going to have a great time taking this monster in her married pussy. As Sally started to move towards Milo, she put one hand on Milo's cock and started jerking it. Milo took the opportunity to squeeze my wife's ass. He then moved my wife's panties aside and started fingering her pussy. We knew my wife was wet from all the sloshing sounds we could hear as Milo was fingering her. This continued for a few minutes till Sally came on Milo's fingers.
She then stood up, grabbed her drink, and sat down on the chair with her tits still exposed. She looked at the three of us with their cocks out and smiled. My wife said, "How was the dance guys?" The guys started complimenting my wife on how sexy her tits are and wished she could have gotten naked there. They told her that her pussy and ass looked and smelled so good and wanted to see their cocks slide in her. Sally just smiled and blushed. Sally then mentioned that she was a little tired from all the dancing and wanted to go home. The guys were a little disappointed and mentioned that they were hoping to get a few more dances. I told my wife that I wanted to stay too and will go back on the condition that she will not pull her top back and walk to the truck with her tits out like it is now. Sally casually replied, "I don't see why not, most of the men in the club have seen my tits anyway." I think Sally forgot that the truck was parked at a gas station and was a 5-minute walk from the club.
As we started walking Milo pulled my wife's skirt up and bunched it up around her waist. "The guys at the club have seen your sexy ass too. so, let's just walk like this." He gently squeezed my wife's ass cheeks. Sally just smiled and kept walking. Once again, Milo walked with my wife and put his hands on her ass while we walked to the truck. My almost naked wife was welcomed with a lot of hoots and hollers on the street as we walked to the truck. While walking, Nick brought my attention to Sally's ass. Milo had now put his hand inside my wife's panties, and I think he was finger fucking her pussy as we were walking right on the street. My wife responded by moaning and resting her head on Milo's shoulders.
A lady passing by looked at Sally and yelled "Slut." We all laughed and continued to make our way to the truck. The fingering had made Sally very horny. As we reached the truck my wife asked, "Honey, is it ok if I sit in the back with Milo and Nick? We just need to take care of a few things."
I just smiled and agreed. We all got into the car, and I started driving. Sally sat right in between Milo and Nick. I adjusted the rearview mirror to get a better view of the fun that was about to begin. I noticed that both guys had one hand on Sally's legs and were caressing her thighs. They put their other hand on Sally's tits and started squeezing them and playing with them. Sally gave a very horny look to the guys and told them to hold on. My wife then raised her ass from the seat a little and put her hands under her skirt and removed her panties. She then threw the panties at me. Her panties were soaked. I brought the panties towards my face and inhaled the sweet smell of her pussy juices. My wife got back on her seat and slid a little in front so that her pussy was easy to access for the guys. She then pointed to her pussy and told the guys, "It's all yours, free to do whatever you want." As Sally was removing her panties, Nick and Milo had removed their shorts and boxers and were naked from the waist down. They put my wife's hands on their hard cocks and Sally started playing with them.
Milo stuck two fingers in my wife's pussy and Nick started sucking her breasts. Sally started moaning and the moans kept getting louder and louder. Sally screamed, "OH yes, yes, harder, finger me harder, that feels so good, yes, yes." My wife then took Nick's head and squeezed them on her breasts. Nick started sucking her tits and biting her nipples hard. My wife moaned in pain and pleasure. They continued like this for about 10 minutes, and I think Sally came several times.
My wife then took off her top and slid her skirt down throwing them on the front passenger seat. She wanted me to know that she was now naked. The guys threw their boxers and shorts in the front too. My wife then got on her hands and knees and started sucking Nick's cock. Her naked ass was now pointing to Milo. Nick's cock was a little longer than mine but much thicker. She looked at his cock seductively and said, "Honey, I don't know if you can see this, but I am on all fours here in the back ready to suck Nick's cock." All I could do was say, Yeah, go ahead, make him nice and hard and swallow his cum." My wife then took Nick's cock in her mouth. She started slowly bobbing her head up and down on his cock taking a little more each time she sucked him. Eventually, she had all his 7.5 inches in her. I could hear Nick moan and say, "Oh yeah, suck it, suck it, that feels so good." Once in her mouth, my wife developed a nice rhythm and keep sucking Nick's cock. She alternated between taking his entire cock in her mouth and licking and playing with her shaft. She was loving it. While she was sucking Nick's cock, Milo turned towards my wife's side and grabbed her ass. He then moved his face towards her ass and spread her ass cheeks. Milo started to kiss and lick my wife's ass and pussy. First, he spread her ass cheeks and started licking all around her puckered asshole. He then moved his attention towards her pussy and started sucking and licking her pussy lips. Sally started moaning in pleasure. Milo continued licking my wife's pussy as she sucked on Nick's cock. Sally was in heaven.
Milo got naughty and took one of her pussy lips in her mouth and bit it very hard. My wife yelped "Aah. OH fuck." She did not move her pussy away from Milo's mouth. The mix of pain and pleasure was making my wife wet and Milo's face was now coated with her juices. Milo then moved so that he got better access. He slid his tongue inside my wife's pussy and started playing with her clit. At the same time, Nick started squeezing, pinching, and playing with my wife's tits. I lost could of how many times I heard, "OH Fuck yes, fuck yes, I am cumming from my wife's mouth." This went on for about 15 minutes and Nick announced that he was going to cum. My wife just spoke in a muffled tone, "Cum in my mouth, I want to swallow every drop of your hot cum." That sent Nick over he screamed in his orgasm. Sally took all the cum in her mouth as a true slut and cleaned Nick's cock by licking and sucking the remaining cum out of his dick. They all moved from their positions and sat down on their seats catching their breath.
We were getting very close to the neighborhood where we lived. We couldn't continue the fun in anyone's house as either the wife or kids were home. I then drove to a trail that was very close to our houses and parked there. The trail was not lit at night and the entrance to the trail is usually secluded. There was nobody around. I parked the truck and opened the tailgate. Then we folded the second-row seats back to create lots of play space. I closed the tailgate again and sat near the end of the trunk, removed my shorts and boxers, and announced, "I don't think the fun is over yet. Milo hasn't cum, I haven't cum yet and my wife hasn't been fucked in all her holes." This was enough to get all of us going again.: I hope you guys don't mind; I will watch for a little while before joining in." Everyone just laughed and the fun began again.
To be continued