While this is part 4 and makes a nice little story on its own, Chapters 1-3 add more to the characters, but are not an absolute necessity.
------------------------------------------------------
After dinner, Annie sat lazily yet anxiously on the bean bag chair in her pink satin shortie-pyjamas with the little Snoopies on them. She watched TV while waiting for Beth to call, and had a couple of scotch and cokes to ease her nervousness, but the remnants of her dreams and sexual antics over the last few days caused a small telltale throbbing somewhere in the vicinity of her thighs as she pondered telling her all she had to tell. She and Beth had got to know each other in a torrid 4 day car trip across the Nullabor plane from Melbourne to Perth, and got up to quite a few things that had initially shocked the timid, shy, inexperienced younger girl. But that had changed, somewhat.
She heard the phone ring. Cath, her father's new wife, the "evil" stepmother, answered it and called out to Annie, who quickly raced for the cordless phone, taking her drink with her to flop back into her bean-chair. They hadn't spoken properly for quite a while, Beth having been on the south coast doing a major electrical fit out, with, as it turned out, a very sexy co-worker. She told Annie all about the job and the area before asking Annie the question she wanted to know the answer to.
"So what was it you had to tell me?" Beth enquired.
Annie looked up at Cath in the kitchen wiping the bench and putting things away.
"I...er...well..."
"Ah..." said Beth, "The evil stepmother is within earshot and you can't say anything can you?"
"No...I mean...yes...you're right."
Annie couldn't tell Beth much of what had transpired, with Cath hanging around downstairs cleaning up. Annie was bursting to tell her so much of what had happened, and it just seemed that Cath was walking in molasses, taking forever to leave her alone.
"Ok then..." Beth continued, "... I'll tell you about what's been going on here, and I can tell you anything I like and you won't be able to say a thing will you?" she teased.
"Remember I told you about the guy I met...the one with the tongue?...well, Godddd he was good...and he took my cherry... in my ass!" Beth blurted out for shock value.
"Beth!!!" Annie exclaimed loudly, causing her step-mother to look over to her.
Beth laughed along the phone line, happy to have shocked Annie. Annie looked over towards Cath and smiled sheepishly. She wished Cath would go to bed so she could tell Beth all that had transpired. She had some shocking revelations of her own.
Seizing the opportunity to shock Annie some more, knowing she couldn't respond freely, Beth filled in the blanks, giving Annie some of the details of how she met the man, and things that he did to her. Beth sipped her scotch and coke as she retold how his tongue had done wonderful things to her pussy, how it had curled and licked and circled around her bare pussy lips and that right there and then they were responding slightly to the images she was describing. Her nipples had begun to harden a little when she had started telling Annie the story not just from the images in her mind of how they responded to his tongue. Annie listened intently to the details, trying not to blush, trying not to let Cath see her blushing. Annie slipped down in the bean bag a little more, making the firm seam of her pyjamas dig into her pussy a little, trying to make the tingles that were forming there go away. She placed her arm between her legs and carefully squeezed it into her pussy so Cath wouldn't see. Beth's voice was getting softer and softer as she spoke and Annie couldn't help but hear the dreaminess in Beth's voice. She could hear the older woman's breathing getting deeper and her voice slightly raspier.
As Beth retold the story, she let one of her hands trail along her t-shirt. It trailed across her large breasts as she looked at the outline her erect nipples made against the material of the cotton t-shirt that she always slept in. She circled them, enjoying the sensation. She had initially been going for shock value for Annie, but the images in her head as she described in intimate detail, made her own body respond, and the muffled "uh huh's" from Annie to the incredibly intimate sexual descriptions told her that Annie was enjoying the story just as much.
"It's quite a turn on, isn't it?" Beth asked quietly.
"What is?"
"Listening to someone else 's sexy encounters" offered Beth, drawing out the younger woman.
"Uh-huh." was all she got back.
"You should see my nipples... they are sticking right up, almost through this material... are yours?"
"Uh-huh." Annie replied, looking down at the two bumps that had formed in the satin of her pyjama top.
"They feel so hard." said Beth, teasing, knowing Annie couldn't say or do anything with her step-mother around and enjoying it.
The fact that Annie was getting turned on and was unable to respond was quite a turn on for Beth. She then allowed one fingernail to scratch along the line of her pussy lips through the soft t-shirt material as she described how the guy's tongue had slipped from the bottom to the top of her lips. She let out a small sound as she did so, knowing Annie would hear it. Annie couldn't help but hear the sound, a sound she had heard before, in the back of a car on the road trip, and again on a bed in a motel on the Nullabor Plain a few weeks ago. Her insides did a small flip and the pressure between her thighs, in her pussy, increased while she thought of what Beth might be doing on the other end of the phone. Annie just squeezed her arm against the growing throb felt between her legs again and enjoyed the conversation.
Cath finished the few dishes left in the sink, and was very curious as to what was going on, on the phone. She had seen Annie slip further down and not thought anything of it, but when Annie had placed her arm between her legs and squeezed it to herself, Cath knew something was going on. She remembered how Annie had done something similar when they had been watching from the window together, where Annie and she had become very aroused. Here she was, talking with her 'friend' and doing the same thing. She had only to assume that they were talking about things sexual, and Cath was very intrigued.
Annie saw Cath walk towards the stairway, her father's robe billowing behind Cath as she walked. She knew Cath would be naked beneath it and for an instant, an image of her naked body against the window crossed Annie's mind. The image lingered a few seconds and then Annie went back to listening to Beth, hopeful that Cath was retiring for the night. As Cath neared the top of the stairs on the dimly lit landing, Annie heard Cath call out goodnight and enter her room and close the door. What she didn't hear was Cath climbing onto her bed and lifting the upstairs phone receiver and pressing the mute button so the other two wouldn't know she was there.
The four drinks Annie had consumed in the last few hours made her head spin a little, and all the juicy details she had been listening intently to were making her squirm in the bean bag. The seam of her shorts had pressed nicely into her pussy folds but was becoming a little uncomfortable. With the absence of Cath, she was able to put her hand inside her panties to rid herself of her front wedgie and was a little surprised to see how totally wet she was. She trailed her fingers up and down to ascertain just how damp the area was, and found her lips very slick, both inside and out. The front of her panties was also soaked and the satin material of the shorts had turned the Snoopy's white fur a little grey. She had never noticed before that the little dog's tongue was right where her clit was and wondered if that was someone's sick twisted little joke or just an accident in the manufacturing. "Earth to Annie, come in Annie!" she heard in the ear piece.
"What?"
"Are you playing with your pussy again?" chided Beth jokingly.
"Well..." stammered Annie huskily, "I , er, was, er..."
"You were!" It was Beth's turn to be shocked. "You sexy little minx!" she continued a lot softer.
"No, I wasn't, well, not technically, it's just that, I was, you know,..." came the reply.
"Hey, no need to be embarrassed, it's me, remember. Didn't we always agree to be honest and tell each other everything?"
"Yes...but..." allowed Annie, "OK...I was feeling how, you know, wet I was and it...was... nice."
"Wet? Is it juicy too? Puffy? Slippery? Come on girl, I need details. Mine is all of those things right now." Beth almost whispered for extra effect.
"Uh Huh" was all the reply she could handle, her mind playing with the images in her head.
Cath listened intently. So this is what these two get up to, she thought. No wonder Annie had squirmed and wriggled in the bean chair. She had heard that Beth and Annie had shared some special times crossing the Nullabor, but had never heard the details, but from the tone of the conversation, she could only begin to imagine what these 'special times' had consisted of. She chinned the phone and sat up to slip her robe from her shoulder, the better to absorb the cool air from the air-conditioner, and it had just become a little hotter in the bedroom hadn't it? In pulling the satin from her shoulder, the phone slipped from its place beneath her chin and clattered to the floor, un-muting the phone as it bounced from the bedside table onto the floor.
The two women on the line heard the loud clattering through the ear piece, followed by a muffled.. "Oh shit..."
Thinking quickly, Cath picked up the hand-piece and spoke apologetically into it.
"Sorry, I was just getting something off the bedside table and knocked this damn thing onto the floor, sorry" she added at the end and put the phone back on its rest, her heart beat loudly in her chest.
After a few seconds of silence, the conversation continued, but it was different, for one of them anyway.
"So, where were we?" Beth asked. "Didn't you have something that you wanted to share with me?" she added conspiratorially.
Annie suddenly felt a little vulnerable and remembered the other telephone hand-piece in Cath's bedroom, and, while she felt close to Cath, she didn't want her listening into her conversations, especially if she was going to be part of the topic of discussion. Annie silently cursed the turn of events. She had so wanted to talk with Berth about things, and wanted it to be over the phone, but now it looked like she would have to wait to talk with Beth face to face. It would be ok, she thought. Wouldn't it?
Annie changed the subject and enquired when Beth was coming. Beth was intending to come up on the Monday, but after Annie's urgings, they decided that Beth would drive up on the Sunday evening after Beth finished the electrical project she had been working on over the weekend.
..................................................................
On Sunday morning, Annie lay in her bed pondering Beth's visit when it struck her that she hadn't even asked Cath if it was OK for Beth to come over for a few days. She leapt out of bed and padded downstairs, to find Cath on the phone making very animated plans.
"...Ok...love you too... see you soon...bye!" Cath hung up. "I'm glad you're up, that was your father, he was due to come home tomorrow, but he's invited me to go to Kalgoorlie on the fast train for a few days and we'll come back on Wednesday, you'll be ok for a couple of days won't you? Why don't you invite that nice friend of yours to come over for a couple of days?"she prattled on as she scurried around and gathered bits and pieces then hurried off upstairs to pack without waiting for a reply.
Annie smiled to the empty room, as that seemed to clear up all the problems all at once, although there was a slight disappointment that she wouldn't get to see her father for a few more days, and then when she did finally see him, he would have to go back a few days after that. She examined her feelings and while it was sad, it gave her an immense pleasure to think that she had developed such nice feelings towards a man she hadn't known as her father for almost 12 of the 18 years of her short life.
"OK... I'll do that!" she yelled to the empty room, and set about tidying up the kitchen and her bedroom. She rolled the fold away bed from the store room to her bedroom and put it into place along side hers. She looked over to it from her own bed and realised that it would be too low. She took the three padded chair cushions from the back patio and placed them under the fold-away's mattress and was happy that it was now up at the same level as her own, because the only other way they could talk with each other in bed would be if they were in the same bed. While, in more ways than one, she had shared a bed with Beth once before, she didn't think that it would be appropriate, despite all Beth's teasing. This would do just fine, she thought. Somewhere in the midst of all this, Cath left in taxi in a flurry of goodbyes and last minute shouted instructions and Annie was on her own!
With the house finally how she wanted it, Annie settled down with her Tom Clancy book to await Berth's arrival, but as the time wound down towards Beth's allotted arrival time of 5.30 pm, Annie became more and more unable to concentrate on the book's complex plot and was filled with a growing excitement at her friend's arrival. She smiled at that. This woman was her only real friend. She had had friends at school, but none you could just hang out and relax with, talk to, tell anything to, and while she remembered her earlier sentiments about her father and how wonderful her arrival here had been, she also liked the idea that the journey across the country to stay with him had resulted in Beth's friendship too.
The next couple of hours seemed to take a week to pass by, and after rearranging the food canisters on the kitchen bench for the fifth time, she finally heard the slamming of a car door in the driveway. She ran through the house to the front door, her bra-less A cup breasts bouncing slightly up and down behind the material of her singlet top as she went. She threw open the door to see a hot and bedraggled Beth dragging a large suitcase towards her and they both beamed a smile of welcome followed by a genuine hug of happiness to see each other. On parting, Beth looked straight down at Annie's erect nipples plainly visible standing erect behind the thin material of her top.
"Are they a couple of guns in your singlet or are you just happy to see me?" Beth joked, paraphrasing Mae West.
Annie blushed a little but laughed it off.
"I just ran to the door, I imagine it was the friction" she said jiggling them with her hands a little, but wasn't sure.
Beth had not had her car's air-conditioner fixed and she was extremely hot and bedraggled from her two hours in the car; her hair was damp and the backs of her t shirt and jeans were wet through with perspiration. On finding they would be alone for a few days, she peeled off the wet top and jeans and to Beth's delight, shocked Annie in doing so and then walking around in her bra and panties. Annie looked again at her friend's breasts and envied her the size and wonderful shape that she had often remembered in the last few months. She marveled at the older woman's figure, her curves, her fleshy bottom, the softness of the curves of her body at odds with Annie's own straight up and down. But her eyes always found themselves back on Beth's breasts.
"You still can't keep your eyes off my tits can you?" Beth teased and shimmied her shoulders making her D sized orbs jiggle violently from side to side.
Annie watched as they moved and then went to speak, but nothing really came out. Embarrassed, she guided Beth towards the kitchen for a cool drink. Beth looked on as Annie got her a drink and finally prattled on about why they were on their own for a few days and about the weather, but Beth's mind was processing all her surroundings as well as the young woman before her.
Beth liked this younger woman who was, what, only 5 years younger? She liked her a lot, but not necessarily "that" way. She wasn't into women per se, although the two of them had had some very sexy times together, and Beth knew that she herself was 'up' for anything. It hadn't bothered her that Annie had taken advantage of her when she had been drunk, but had been surprised by Annie's actions given how uptight she had seemed. She smiled inwardly at the thought, as she had a few times since, but couldn't blame the young woman; Beth after all had been teasing her and feeling her up all night in front of the people in the bar, and what a night and next morning it had been! She liked that the two of them were close enough and had shared enough that she could relax, and if that meant talking dirty or getting turned on about something, then great.
She felt comfortable in her sexuality and comfortable with it with Annie around despite how Annie seemed to need constant reassurance that it was ok to say and do whatever she wanted around her. She had to admit though that Annie made her feel big. This tall slip of a girl with her waif like figure and cute butt and lovely shaped tiny tits made her a little jealous, but she knew that she wasn't fat herself, just that she was a little shorter than Annie and a huge set of D cup boobs that guys saw first and the person second. While Annie talked, Beth wandered over to the sliding patio doors and stuck her head out.
"This is pretty cool... can the neighbours see into the yard?" Beth interrupted.
"No, it's secluded, free from prying eyes...why?"
"Because I'm fucking hot!" Beth burst out.
Beth stepped into the yard towards the pool, relieving herself of first her bra and then her panties as she got close to the pool's edge, and when she was naked, she dived straight in. She came to the surface with a relieved look on her face and proceeded to lay on her back and float in the cooling water of the pool. Her D cup breasts wallowed slightly in the wavelets and ripples of the water's surface; the hardening nipples puckered and pointed straight up towards the sky while her clean shaven pussy pointed straight at Annie.
"This is heaven, I may never get out" Beth called up to the sky. "Come on you, get your gear off and get in here. How can you have a pool like this in this weather and not spend all day in here?" she added looking towards Annie. "Come on... come on in... and we can talk while we float and get cool."
Annie shrugged yet reluctantly walked to the edge of the pool where she sat side on to remove first her singlet then her shorts and panties. She climbed down the ladder into the pool with her back towards Beth. It was one thing to do stuff over the phone or from a distance, but Beth was right there. Despite their past, she couldn't help feeling a little shy. She couldn't help it, she thought, she could get all brazen when she had been around Beth or on the phone to her, but her shyness and uncertainty kept creeping back.
"Gone all shy on me have you?" Beth shouted accusingly across to her. "I have seen it all before, and quite close if I remember rightly" she added with a grin.
"I know..."Annie began, "... but mine are...." She looked down at her naked breasts, "... and yours are..." she looked directly at Beth's large round breasts before turning away.
Suddenly Beth was right behind her, and she cupped both of Annie's breasts in her hands. Annie's nipples hardened at Beth's touch, but Annie wondered if perhaps it was just the coldness of the water.
She could feel Beth's breasts pressing into her back.
Either way, she made no move to escape. Beth was so close behind her that Annie was able to lay her head back and rest it on Beth's shoulder behind her.
"I've told you already, I like your lovely petit breasts" she said quietly in Annie's ear Beth jiggled them up and down a little and give them and those amazing nipples a soft and gentle squeeze. "I would kill for tits like these" she said squeezing them again and feeling Annie's nipples react and press against her palms.
Annie could feel Beth's naked skin connecting with hers along the length of her back.
"So lighten up, they're tits, I have them, you have them, half the world's population has them, I've seen them, truck drivers have seen them and guys in bars have seen them too, so relax, ok?"
She could feel the soft nakedness of Beth's hairless mound pressing against her bottom.
"Okay" Annie allowed, and just like that, the shyness left once more, well, almost, she thought. Beth moved away from her to swim in the cooling waters. Annie certainly needed cooling after that little encounter.
Annie had been worried about Beth's openness and how she might react again to her getting naked like she often did and how her own body reacted to this woman. She knew she wasn't gay, she had proven that to herself with Dave the other day, but she just knew there was a certain something between her and Beth. Perhaps it was just the awakening of her sexuality, perhaps it was just the taboo nature of their encounters, perhaps it was just plain sexy and arousing. Yes, she thought, that had to be it, with a bit of all the others thrown in too. She also found herself wondering how Cath might have reacted to Beth getting around like she was or even laying out here sunbathing topless or naked. She found her mind wandering to how Cath might have reacted had she been looking down at the two of them just now, so close with Beth behind her. Would she get turned on as she usually did when she watched someone? Or would she have walked away from the window because it was Annie and her friend? Probably not, she thought. She thought that Cath would have pulled up a chair and enjoyed getting an eyeful of Beth's large round breasts and the droplets of water on her shaved hairless pussy that glistened in the sunlight. She would have pulled one of her nipples with one hand while the other went between her thighs to gently caress the wet puffy lips of her pussy beneath the shaved triangle of hair that pointed down at her opening. Without knowing, the mental imagery made Annie's eyes lose focus and an almost imperceptible smile came to her face
"I'll have what she's having!" Beth taunted, "Where the hell were you just now? More to the point what were you thinking? The look on your face was so erotic!"
Annie went crimson and dived under the water to escape, but Beth wouldn't let her get away and dived under after her. They giggled and chased around in the water, splashing and trying to catch each other or evade as the moment caught them. They pulled at each other's arms, they pushed, they even squeezed each other if they caught the other off guard and pulled them under. Both were very aware of the others naked body and aware of the contact they were making but dismissing it, or pretending to. Both were very aware of the touching of each other's skin in the cool water that sent naughty little electric pulses through them. But they were friends so it was ok, wasn't it? They knew it was saucy being naked, knew it was sexy playing like that, but it didn't mean anything other than fun did it? And they were having fun. They were having fun dunking each other grabbing breasts, squeezing butts and splashing around until they were both almost exhausted and giggling helplessly.
The sun dried their bodies as they lay on the sun chairs catching their breath, while the breeze across their skin made four nipples point towards the sky. Beth marveled at Annie's two tiered puffy nipples. The skin of the areola sat proud from the breast, then a normal nipple sat proud of that again. She remembered how it had felt in her mouth three months ago, and remembered how it had felt in her hand just a few minutes ago, but dismissed the pleasant images and the small effect they caused.
"So, are you going to tell me what you were thinking about in the pool, just before your face went from horny angelic bliss to beetroot red?"Beth asked softly.
The thoughts Annie had had in the pool had created a small stir within her, and the sexiness of their play in the water hadn't helped it subside at all. She squeezed her thighs together trying to think of a way to tell Beth, and cursing the fact that she hadn't been able to tell her all sorts of stuff over the phone.
"Come with me...."she beckoned brazenly as she got up and walked towards the house, "I will show you instead," she decided.
Beth followed the slim girl's butt as it wiggled nakedly as they walked into the house and up the stairs. Beth wondered where this was leading until she followed Annie's naked form into what looked like the master bedroom containing a very large bed. Annie ignored the bed and walked towards the un-curtained window and came to a stop by the telescope that was trained towards the harbour.
To Beth's puzzled look, she explained almost breathlessly about the telescope, about the couple on the hotel balcony her and Cath had watched, about the other couples they had seen and how erotic it had been and what a turn on it was for her. She didn't tell her about Cath watching her as she made love to a guy down below, that would come later, probably in the dark when Beth wouldn't be able to see her face, nor did she tell her about Cath and her both getting turned on in here together or the recent show she had put on in here standing naked on Friday; those too would be for later.
"So this is what you couldn't tell me with her around the other night, Ok, that makes sense. Wow, haven't we come a long way?" Beth smiled, genuinely pleased, genuinely interested and yet teasing. "Are we coming in here later tonight when it gets dark?" she added with a wicked twinkle in her eye.
"Sure, but should we grab a bite to eat, I'm starving?"
Annie was almost comfortable with Beth's nudity now, and almost comfortable with her own in her presence, as they gathered Beth's things that had been left scattered around the house and headed towards Annie's bedroom to show Beth where they would be sleeping. As they passed the Master bedroom, Beth couldn't help one more small little tease.
"Oh, so we're not sleeping together in that really big bed in there?" pouted Beth in mock disappointment.
"Stop it..." Annie responded laughing, "...besides... that's my father's bed, that's where him and Cath... you know... they..."
"Fuck!"
"I was going to say make love, now let's go!"
They managed to make food for themselves while totally naked. Beth had brought her favourite brand of scotch and kept hers and Annie's glasses topped up with coke from the fridge, while Annie played host. After a few soothing drinks, they were both very comfortable with each other being naked, yet both looked at each other, when the other wasn't looking, intrigued, interested and curious about the other's body.
As shy as Annie was, she was still amazed that she could sit there as naked as they were, as if it was the most natural thing in the world and talk to woman that she hadn't known a little over three months ago. Annie smiled inwardly at that, knowing that it didn't get any more natural than naked did it?
They talked of more mundane things, about family, about work, about the differences each had found having come from "over east", all the crazy little differences that each could only share with the other. They laughed they drank, they ate as the sun set below the horizon into the Indian Ocean and they marveled that this was something that the Western states took for granted. In the Eastern states, the sun always set over the land to the west, whereas here it had always and would continue to always, set into the water.
Beth rose from the bench to put her things in the kitchen and Annie watched as Beth's breasts swayed sensually as she moved. She marveled too at the curve and the pendulous arc that they moved through as Beth leaned down to the dishwasher. Beth looked up and found the other woman looking at her. Annie averted her eyes quickly and went a little pink at being caught looking.
"OK, that's enough," Beth said loudly and with mock consternation. "Let's get this straight right now. We have both been playing the 'I look at you while you're not looking at me' game, and that's silly." She added a little less sternly. "From this point on..." she paused for effect, "It's ok to look, no it's mandatory to look at each other. Look, I don't want to sound weird, but I am fascinated by your breasts, they are so pert and perky, and those nipples!!! What can I say? And your butt is gorgeous, so from now on, I am not going to be offended if you look at me, and I get it, our bodies are different, so feel free to gawk at me as much as you want, whenever you want, and I won't feel uncomfortable or mad, or get upset, or anything, and if you're ok with it, I would like to do the same. Deal?"
Annie reddened slightly, but understood, and wished she had had the more relaxed upbringing that Beth had enjoyed, but she thought she had come a long way in the last few months, thanks largely to this big breasted sexually secure woman filling the dishwasher. In answer, Annie stared straight at Beth's two breasts that still hung down towards the appliance swaying slightly as she breathed.
"Turn around now and show me your butt!" Annie added as a joke to let her friend know that what she had said had made sense.
Beth turned quickly and bent double at the waist. Two hands darted to her cheeks and parted them, flashing Annie with the darker pink rosebud of Beth's anus. Beth turned back around in time to see Annie's eyes going wide and her face glowing with embarrassment. Beth bursts into fits of laughter at her friend's reaction.
"Beth!!!" was all Annie could manage amid the peals of laughter coming from the other side of the bench. Annie's mind raced back to the dream she had had on the beach last week, and Beth's words over the phone to her about losing her cherry there, sprung to mind. Annie knew she would have to tell her about this, she actually wanted to share this with her, but, later tonight, she thought, in the dark, she won't be able to see me blush, or get flustered.
Beth finished with the dishwasher and walked around to Annie's side of the bench to get her drink, and as she passed behind Annie, she gave her playful slap on the bottom.
"Ow..."
"What? I hardly touched you." Beth said in fun, and then slapped her harder on the other cheek. "Now you have something to complain about."
Annie yelped a little but with a smile on her face, slapped the nearest of Beth's bottom cheeks quite hard.
"You little bitch!" she said playfully and turned to slap Annie again, but Annie was off running away. Beth Gave chase and a game of tag ensued, only they had to slap each other's bottoms rather than just touch the other.
Annie was by far the faster and more nimble, but Beth was cunning, changing directions, faking Annie out, and even leaping over the table at one point.
"It's OK for you," Beth shouted across the room breathlessly, "You don't have these huge melons threatening to slap you in the face when you run...look at them!" she said with an edge of sorrow in her voice
Annie stopped running and did just that. Beth's breasts did indeed bounce up and down a long way, almost painfully, she thought, as she watched Beth run towards her around the coffee table, only to be slapped very hard on her butt cheek as Beth went past.
"Gotcha!" Beth laughed as she sped off across the room.
Annie's mouth went wide with the shock of the sneaky tactic and looked back at her bottom to see the result. Both of her bottom cheeks were glowing red as it was, yet this last one had formed a hand print. Annie set her jaw with determination and took off after Beth. Beth was laughing hard now, Annie could see Beth's impressive chest rise and fall with each labored breath and each hurried step. Beth squealed and ran harder as she saw Annie coming after her, making those large breasts leap about even more. Beth was laughing so hard she could barely breathe, never mind run away.
Annie caught her easily and they tried to hold each other off as they manoeuvred around each other, swinging and missing each other's butt cheeks. They were both giggling and out of breath from the chasing and were more wrestling than slapping. Beth was the first to become aware that her's and Annie's breasts were rubbing against each other as they squirmed and swung their hands trying to connect, all the while still laughing.
Annie noted a different look on Beth's face as the movement and the laughing slowed, until they were still holding each other's arms, but standing still, facing each other, their breasts touching each other. They stared into one another's eyes for a second, puffing and panting from the exercise, but the rise and fall of their chests caused their breasts to rise and fall, rubbing the now achingly erect nipples against the other's. They both looked down, unable to hold the other's eyes. Beth had a small knowing smile on her face. She enjoyed the rough and tumble, enjoyed the chasing and if the truth be told, she had enjoyed the feel of Annie's nipples against her. Annie on the other hand had enjoyed the play, but now that it was something else, she felt apprehension in her stomach.
The result of being unable to make eye contact merely meant that they were looking down at the four offending breasts. Each could see how erect the other's nipples were. They could see the nipples rising and falling on the tips of their breasts that were in contact. Annie went to pull away first, but Beth held her in place.
"It's ok, it was just some harmless fun, and this is nice isn't it?"
"But, but, I, it's," Annie stammered on.
"It isn't leading anywhere, and if it did, what would that matter. We are two friends, friends with an interesting...er...connection," Beth added, cocking her head to one side and smiling. "But like I said earlier, relax, ok, let's not get caught up on shyness, and pretending not to look, and if we happen to touch each other as we're having some fun doing stuff, no big deal ok, in fact it could be lots of fun.?"
Annie smiled and nodded. As if to accentuate the point, Beth gently moved her breasts from side to side, drawing them across Annie's hard nipples, slowly and sensually so they could both feel the intensity that both were so focused on.
"Besides, "Beth continued, quietly, "It's not like I was kissing them or sucking on them or anything... although..." her voice trailed off as her eyes locked onto one of Annie's deliciously pert and erect puffy nipples. She allowed her eyes to look longingly at it, in plain view of Annie, who stood perfectly still. Beth's head started to move lower and lower, her mouth inching its way slowly downward towards the target locked in her eyes. Beth's lips parted as her tongued licked her lips, only inches from its prize, until...Slap!
"Gotcha again!" Beth shouted and ran off towards the stairs, with Annie in hot pursuit rubbing her bottom from the sting of the slap. Running behind Beth, Annie could see that Beth's bottom was as red as her own, with both cheeks glowing. She wondered if Beth's bottom stung too and yet burned, but in a tingly way like hers did.
"Hey," called Beth from the stairs, "Lets sneak into the bedroom and see if we can see anything through the spy glass!"
Their pursuit forgotten, they stood by the window naked in the dark, their eyes scanning the darkened sides of the building, with the Indian Ocean visible from the street lamps along the promenade by the sand, just a few houses down the hill. Try as they might, nothing was stirring on the quiet Sunday evening. Beth enquired again about what Annie and Cath had seen, and asked for extra details as Annie retold the stories. This time, she hinted towards her step-mother's desires, and for that matter, her own. As Annie told the stories, Beth went quiet, her eyes scanning the houses below, but her mind was elsewhere, wondering what had been awakened in this shy young girl that had shared her car and her bed on their four day journey. The juicy details and the sexy play both in the pool and just before, had her breath still a little labored and a tingling between her thighs. She found herself squirming somewhat at the thoughts going through her mind.
In the partial darkness of the room, Beth slowly yet deliberately reached down with one hand and pressed it against her hairless mound, making small movements up and around. She saw that Annie was watching her by the ambient light through the glass, and a flutter went through her stomach, but she didn't stop, nor did Annie look away. Good, she thought, finally the girl was settling down and becoming a little more open. After what seemed like minutes with their eyes locked on each other, Beth broke the spell.
"Perhaps we should get into bed," Beth said out of the blue, putting the binoculars down and heading out of the bedroom, "If I don't make myself come sometime soon, I am going to burst."
Annie's heart was beating hard in her ears as she followed Beth along the landing towards her bedroom. Beth veered off to the toilet, giving Annie time to run in and turn down both beds and leap into her own. By the time Beth had returned, Annie had put her bedside lamp on and pulled the bed sheet up around her neck. Beth climbed into her own bed and due to the warmer weather, both girls were only covered by a cotton sheet.
They lay there quietly for a little while, Annie staring at the ceiling. A quiet rustling made her peep one eye towards Beth's bed, where she saw movement under the sheet, just where it would be if Beth's hands were doing something to herself. She quickly looked back to the ceiling again and pulled the sheet up to under her nose, not sure what she should do, or if she should do anything. She had found Beth's touching herself by the window before, very brazen of her, and she had to admit, she had found it arousing, watching, staring, alternating her gaze from Beth's hand on her pussy, to Beth's brazenly wanton face. It was a little confusing, but it had stirred something in her. If she was being really truthful, she also had to admit that the running and slapping each other, while very playful too, had had a certain affect on her as well. But it was all fun wasn't it? Isn't this what girlfriends did? She had read books and seen movies and this wasn't more than two really good friends saucily enjoying themselves, relaxed and able to do and say stuff that they wanted to, was it? She wished that she had had more close friends growing up, she wished for a less naivety in her teenage years, but that didn't help now did it?
"So tell me..." Beth's voice almost ordered, albeit somewhat husky, "...You were going to tell me all your dirty little secrets."
Annie blushed. She wanted to tell Beth, but had also been dreading this point in time, yet had been hoping that Beth would approve of her exploits. Why was she seeking Beth's approval she wondered?
"Oh...was I?" Annie replied nervously as her hand darted out and turned the bedside lamp off, plunging the room into a safe darkness. Annie closed her eyes and tried to think of what might be the best way to start her stories, but mixed images darted across her brain. Annie felt her bed move and her heart leapt to her mouth. She clutched the sheet tighter at her neck.
To Annie's relief, one bedroom curtain slid open to let in some of the half moonlit night into the room. Annie let out a long breath as she watched Beth make her way back to her own bed from the window; Beth's body bathed in shadows and lit from behind. Annie could see the lovely womanly curves of Beth's back and waist, and how the shadow disappeared between her legs while the round firmness of her bottom reflected the dim light. She envied this woman her curves, not to mention those incredibly large and sensuous breasts and how those nipples had felt in her mouth. Annie was shocked that that thought had leapt into her brain.
"That's better, I can see you a bit more now. Wrapped up nice and tight are you?" Beth teased from her bed.
"I'm just a bit nervous, you know, I don't know where to start. Tell me about the guy you met at the pub while I think of where to start...please?" Annie pleaded, her brain awash with the thought she had just had and how it fought with all the other images there that she would eventually have to share.
"You big scaredy cat.. it's only me you're talking to."Beth scoffed, pausing to see if Annie would begin. She didn't. "Oh all right, where do I begin, but I warn you, you're going to get all the details, and I mean ALL of them!"
Annie closed her eyes again, ready to listen, but peeked over to Beth's bed alongside her when she heard the sheet rustle again. Beth's legs were both bent and Annie could clearly see that at least one of Beth's hands was under the sheet in the vicinity of her pussy. Annie clamped her eyes shut and tried to rid her mind of the image of Beth's pussy that was so clear in her own mind now.
"OK, well, I already told you about the hotel where I met him, doing that repair job, but we didn't hit it off until the next time I went there. They had some trouble with their data projector, you know, the thing on the roof where they show the big screen football and stuff. Anyway, so there I was, in my navy blue work shirt, too small by half, buttons gaping, it's really stupid making me wear the guys uniform, and then of course those fucking ridiculous baggy navy shorts they wear, well, anyway, I was up about 10 feet on my A ladder when who should wander in, but the cute sexy guy. We chatted a bit, you know, and I was flirting a little," Beth allowed.
"Who would have thought?" Annie teased.
"Bitch!... well anyway, next thing I know he is blatantly looking up the wide leg of my shorts, cheeky beggar! This went on for a little while, me fixing stuff, and him perving up at my legs and thighs and stuff. I gotta admit I ended up trying to move my legs so he could get a better look. I needed some stuff from the ute so I went and got it, but on the way..." Beth's voice got a little deeper and a little more conspiratorial, "... I remembered that old joke. You know, where the mum says the daughter shouldn't be doing cartwheels in front of the men with a skirt on because they only wanted to see her knickers and the kid responds 'yeah I know, I fooled them, I took them off!'.... so..."
"You didn't?" Annie gasped in amazement.
"Sure did, chooks, went to the girls room and not only took my panties off, but the bra as well! So... when I climbed back up the ladder, I made it difficult for him to see anything, and then leaned right up to get to the fitting and made sure he could see straight up! The look on his face was priceless, I thought he was going to lose his jaw on the floor." Beth giggled.
"And?" Annie prodded, amazed at Beth's audacity.
"He told me later that my shirt was un-tucked, and not only did her see my bald pussy staring back at him, but the underside of both of my tits," she pronounced like it was a real success. "Anyway, when I got off the ladder, we flirted some more and he couldn't keep is eyes of my tits... a bit like you eh?... " she teased, "...so I flirted, he flirted, I flirted some more, I undid a couple of buttons while I was putting some tools away, much to his surprise and delight, undid another button while I tidied up. And that's when I noticed his big cock!"
"Beth!"
"What?" Berth answered, "It was right there, pushing its way into his jeans pocket, it wasn't a gun, he was happy to see me. What was I supposed to do? Ignore it? Look away? Pretend it wasn't a huge hard cock of my own doing? Anyway, we looked at each other, it got quiet, you know, wondering, what to do next. Was I reading the signs right? I think his hard-on was a bit of a giveaway, but there is that lovely uncertainness just before that first kiss, where you're excited, your heart is beating, and his lips are so close, and getting closer, and his eyes...mmm... filled with lust, his cute face boring into you...and he's quiet too...mmmm, you can almost feel it, it's wonderful..."Beth's voice trailed off into the semi darkness. Her hand made small circles over her pussy as her mind remembered every detail.
Annie could see the movement under the other sheet, and then there was the feelings she was getting between her own thighs, that throbbing that had seemingly been present since Beth's arrival, in the swimming pool, the slapping, the watching from the window, 'she was tempted in the half dark to put pressure on it to stop it aching the way it was, and gave in to it. Annie slowly allowed one of her hands to travel lower, while the other kept the sheet pulled up over her naked body. She closed her eyes and bit her bottom lip so as not to make any noise.
Beth heard the very slight ripple of Annie's sheet and looked across to find one of Annie's hands sneaking downwards, but with Annie's bed between her own and the window, she was drawn to the erect nipples under the sheet that were making themselves silhouetted against the light from outside. She smiled seeing the face turned up, eyes closed in arousal, and remembered the feel of Annie's extraordinary puffy nipples in her hands, and the texture and stiffness of them in her mouth.
"Then..." Beth continued, her voice become softer and a little huskier, "We kissed... God it was wonderful. The pub didn't open for a couple of hours and we had the place to ourselves. It seemed like that first kiss lasted for hours too, but I was so horny... I undid my shirt completely and put his hands on my tits, they were aching, and I had to have him touch them..."
Beth was centring in on her own clit as she replayed the 'film' in her head. The sensations at her fingertips were delicious and while fulfilling a need, were actually creating more of that need, that eternal circle until she knew she would explode in the end. This was enhanced by the view of Annie's hands moving under the sheet.
"...and I should have known then, his tongue was dueling with mine, our lips were locked and his tongue... it was so deep in my mouth, filling me up..mmmm... and I was getting right into the mood for being filled up, I can tell you. It had been a long time since I had had cock, and I wanted some, right then and there. He dragged me out into the main bar and laid me on the billiard table. It was a bit funny, coz we were both feverishly trying to shed our clothes as we went. Not hard for me! I only had two things on, but ...oh God...when he had me on that table, and his mouth went to my pussy, I almost fainted!" Beth let out a long soft groan as the memory of his mouth on her stirred up all the very same emotions and levels of arousal as before while her fingers brought up the wetness from inside her to make them slip easily over her now protruding clit.
Annie looked over to see Beth's eyes closed, her face that of a woman in pleasure and ecstasy, and watched her hand very blatantly moving much faster and more deliberate around her pussy. Beth's story was very erotic, and Annie felt herself very aroused with Beth's words, and surprisingly, Beth's actions, right there, right next to her, not 4 feet away, playing with her pussy, and sounding very aroused too. Annie closed her eyes again, and safe in the knowledge that Beth's were closed also, she allowed her lower hand to make a few more intense moves on her pussy, amazing herself at just how wet it had become. Beth peeked over to see more movement, and she knew the younger woman was getting turned on.
Annie froze as her bed moved. She kept her hand very still on her pussy; two fingers having just found their way inside, but she couldn't stop her heart beating loudly. The room suddenly became brighter as Beth opened the other curtain and walked back towards her bed. The room was much brighter now, with the extra lights from the hotel down the hill adding to the ambiance of the half moon that filled the night. Their eyes had become more accustomed to the light so now the room seemed almost bright. As Beth walked back past the bottom of Annie's bed, Annie watched her. She saw those amazing large breasts moving with each step; moving sensuously, swaying even, as her body moved. As Annie looked down the length of her body towards Beth, she noticed that her own nipples had become very erect, very hard and had a certain ache to them. She was a little embarrassed to see Beth standing at the bottom of her bed, staring right at them, but there was a little thrill deep within her at the sight.
Beth's hand reached out and grabbed the sheet at Annie's feet and slowly started to pull it towards her, to uncover this thin framed woman and to see her nipples in the semi darkness and the rest of her body and what was being done to it. Those thoughts thrilled into her. Annie's grip tightened, but Beth pulled harder. Annie knew what the other woman was trying to do, Annie just had to decide if she wanted Beth to gaze on her naked aroused body or not. Annie looked at her, and saw that Beth's nipples were hard too. She could also see where Beth's juices had coated parts of that smooth mound of her pussy that were now shimmering in the light from the window. Slowly, Annie reduced the pressure of her grip on the sheet and allowed Beth to pull it down slowly. As it cleared her breasts, Annie instinctively pushed them forward a little to make them appear larger, but Beth's eyes were locked on the nipples. The sheet drifted slowly lower towards Beth. As it got to her pubic hair, Annie's hand shot down to grab the end of the sheet tightly, the last attempt at modesty. Beth pulled a little harder but Annie refused to relinquish that last vestige of cover.
Annie's mind was awash, with confusion and arousal. She had been naked with Beth most of the afternoon, and admitted to herself that she was far more comfortable with her naked, but this was different wasn't it? Berth was obviously aroused wasn't she? Was it leading somewhere? Was it ok for her friend to see her turned on? Wasn't it different to seeing a body normally, to seeing someone all hot and bothered, turned on, with a wet pussy, erect nipples... yet it was all very arousing.
Sensing the uncertainty as well as the underlying arousal, Beth yanked very hard and forcefully on the sheet, and pulled it completely out of Annie's hand and onto the floor. The look on Annie's face caused her to smile inwardly. It was a face of shock, but almost a thank you, for making the decision. She knew the younger woman liked a little exhibitionism, but was way too shy. Beth's smile grew wider, much wider, when she saw that, despite all Annie's silent protest about her modesty, with the sheet gone, Annie had made no move to close her legs or remove the two fingers that were deep inside herself, all wet with her juices.
Beth stared down at the younger woman in the half light. The light from the window cast shadows across Annie's body. The smaller breasts had flattened out further, making those wonderful puffy peaks stand even higher above the skin. Their shadows cast along the white skin in contrast while the faint wisps of lighter hair at Annie's pussy reflected the faint light. Beth noted the glistening of Annie's upper thighs on one side, the other forced into a darkened contrast by the shadows. Beth's hand went down to her own wet throbbing pussy and cupped it gently, squeezing it in time with the heartbeat that she felt there, strong against her fingers, strong inside her chest.
"Does it feel good?" Beth asked, her voice quite lustful and croaky, while her eyes locked onto the two fingers in Annie's pussy.
"Uh huh!" was all the response she received
"Does this turn you on?" Beth asked as her fingers found the wetness of her own lips, daring the younger woman not to look at her pussy. She trailed her fingers up and around the outer lips and smooth mound, finally making their way back to her clit, causing a slight gasp to escape.
"Uh huh" came the reply. To add confirmation to her utterance, Annie's fingers moved just a tiny bit inside her, much to the pleasure of the woman watching her.
"Good..."cooed Beth as she made her way back to her own bed. Instead of climbing in, Beth put her two pillows half way down and sat on the side of the bed, before laying down; her feet still on the floor. Annie watched as Beth sat, and was rewarded with the sight of Beth's legs parting before her, the light from the window highlighted Beth's wet swollen pussy in the dark. Beth's head was high on the pillows and was able to see how exposed she was, and to see the silhouette of the girl looking eagerly at her. Beth closed her eyes, started circling her clit with her finger more intensely, and continued with the story, albeit with a much deeper haltingly aroused tone, knowing that Annie could see all there was to see.
"Where was I?.. oh..yeah...he lifted me onto the billiard table and started licking my pussy. I was in heaven. His tongue must have been two feet long, it did the most wonderful things to me. It felt so fantastic as it went up and down my lips...mmm... teasing me at first, then he found my clit with it and things just got crazy....mmm... I was squirming with every lick, every move, every little nuance. His tongue flicking and licking... and when he pushed it right in ...and started lapping at me...mmm... I almost exploded on the spot. I could feel his face pressed against me. I knew I must have been leaking like a sieve,... his face was covered in my juices, and so was the billiard table! His tongue was merciless, it just went on and on, and then I just...I just.. oh God.. I came...I came hard...and long...oh God... I am about ready to cum right now."Beth breathed heavily and sexually.
Annie's eyes were closed tightly save for the odd peek at Beth's hands on her pussy, but her ears couldn't block out the sounds that filled the air. They were squishy sounds of fingers inside two very wet and aroused pussies, there were gasps between Beth's words as Beth worked herself towards an orgasm, there were other sounds that Annie only just realised were coming from her as she too got closer to her own orgasm listening to the story, to the sounds of sexual arousal.
Annie almost froze when she felt the bed move. She did freeze when she felt Beth's thighs each side of her as she sat astride Annie on her hips. She also felt Beth's very wet pussy grinding against her hips in the semi darkness. Annie opened her eyes to look up at the older woman sitting astride her hips. Beth's two large breasts heaved under the labored breath as Annie watched them rise and fall in the half dark. One breast was fully lit while the other one enjoyed the darkness, but both the erect hard nipples and slow grinding of a soaking wet hairless pussy against her mound belied any calm she may have seen before her. There was certainly no calm within herself. Annie could see up into the aroused face of the woman above her, she could see the lust there in her eyes.
"Please!"Beth urged in the half dark.
Annie laid there in shock, trying to figure out just what she meant. It didn't take long.
"Please..." Beth breathed again, her hips still grinding trying to get some tactile relief against Annie's sex. "... make me cum...please?"
Annie didn't know what to say, but she knew that she hadn't instantly said no, and inside her she knew she wouldn't. The confusion and the uncertainty hadn't stopped her hand at her own pussy, it had actually increased its tempo knowing how turned on Beth was, seeing this body so close, smelling that wonderful and unmistakable scent of muskiness, enhanced by Beth's closeness to cumming. Beth sensing agreement leaned forward and grabbed the top rail of Annie's bed head and raised herself up onto her knees, bringing her pussy almost directly above Annie's head. It was then just a simple matter for Beth to slowly let her knees slide outward to lower her aching soaking wet pussy onto Annie's face.
Annie's arousal went through the roof, as Beth's face lowered onto her waiting mouth. After a small amount of positioning, Annie was able to run her tongue up and down the length of Beth's pussy, while still allowing her to massage her own wanting sexual organ. Berth squirmed above here, delighted at the feel of the soft wet tongue in places it felt like it belonged.
As Annie set into a rhythm she was able to feel Beth's arousal through the way she was grinding her hips into Annie's face. Beth's rasping and panting got louder and louder and closer together, spurring Annie on with her own pussy, only to have Beth raise herself up and away from her mouth instead of allowing herself to cum. The sounds in Annie's ears were driving her on, as was the wetness of this woman's pussy at her lips. Annie's tongue stretched forward and flicked fast and long around Beth's clit and she was rewarded with a long groan and a wanton pressure against the younger woman's face.
Annie's view was amazingly erotic and was intensifying her arousal. She could smell the strong musky scent of this woman whose pussy was all over her face, she looked upwards over the very wet mound that was so perfectly smooth. Had Beth known this might happen and shaved or waxed? Annie smiled into Beth's pussy, redoubling her efforts. Annie looked up past the mound and past the small tummy that Beth sported and saw the two large D or maybe DD breasts that waivered and wobbled around and up and down as Beth moved and squirmed in delight at Annie's attention. Both nipples were hard and erect, and seemed to glow in the muted light from the window. Annie then caught Beth's eyes, looking down at her. Their eyes locked in sensual excitement, both enjoying what they were each seeing. The lust and arousal in Beth's eyes made Annie almost lose control right then, but eye contact was broken when, in attempting to not come, Annie had concentrated more firmly on Beth's clit and made her close her eyes and lift her head in pleasure.
Beth looked down again some short time later, almost lost in the lustful erotic nature of what they were doing. She was amazed at what Annie was doing and her tongue drove her onward until she could see that she was grinding her pussy all over Annie's face in pleasure. She could see her juices all over the young woman's face , but didn't care, it just felt so amazingly wonderful. She was so close to a wonderful orgasm that had been built up over the last few hours that all she wanted to do was scream and cum loudly and flood her pussy and Annie's face.
Annie felt her own orgasm so close, she was so turned on by what she was doing, by how turned on Beth was, by all the events of the day. She felt Beth get very close to cumming and start to lift her sopping wet pussy away, again trying to delay, but Annie raised her head and followed it up. Annie stuck her tongue inside and then went straight back to Beth's clit, replacing her tongue inside Beth with three fingers of her free hand while doing the same to herself.
It was too much!
Beth froze, completely still, as every muscle in her body clenched. Her face was squeezed tight in the semi darkness as the intensity hit hard. One word broke the silence, it started quietly but ended in almost a scream.
"Fuuuuuuuuuuuuuck" and then wave after wave of pleasure burst through Beth radiating outward from her pussy to the soles of her feet and to the tips of her fingers. Each wave convulsed her body, pushing her pussy harder into Annie's face. Annie's own orgasm started while Beth had been frozen still, and throughout Beth's orgasm, Annie bucked below her, trying to maintain contact with her own clit and Beth's to thereby prolong Beth's pleasure. Beth's spasms were weakening but Annie felt the extra wetness at Beth's pussy and on her face. Beth collapsed onto her, the two large breasts almost smothering Annie as Beth continued to hold onto the bed rails.
As the last waves of pleasure rolled away, they both became aware of the others labored breathing, and Beth rolled to the side freeing the younger woman from the grip of her thighs. As Beth's vision came back to normal she was able to see the fruits of her pussy spread almost completely over Annie's face and had even dampened her hair. As their breathing came back to normal, Beth popped herself up on one elbow and wiped some of the cum juices from Annie's face, and to Annie's surprise, wiped it all over Annie's pussy, mixing the both lots of juices together and then proceeded to spread it around Annie's lips and inner thighs. Beth rose from the bed, unsteadily heading towards the toilet on legs that were still unbelievable trembling from the intensity of the pleasure, but she turned at the doorway and looked at the younger woman's continued surprise.
"Don't touch that, leave it right where it is, I will clean it all up... with my tongue... when I get back."