Cross Contamination Chapter 6: Winners and Losers
...
Daren sat on his own couch, ill at ease, as Renee set up some sort of media presentation on his television.
The experience of being completely naked in his living room with a young woman dressed in leather fetish gear was surreal. He wondered briefly if he was having a wet dream, but Renee quickly jerked him out of his reflection by snapping her fingers.
"Ok puppy, the first challenge is simple," She said, placing her phone on the coffee table with a click, "When I tell you to start, I need you to stroke. Follow the beat, you do not have my permission to go any faster or stop. I'm going to show you some pictures and talk to you a little. I might ask you to repeat some things, just to be sure you understand what I am saying. Sounds easy, right puppy?"
She waited with a patient smile until Daren had taken a deep breath and nodded.
She tapped her phone on the table, which began making the wood-block sound of a metronome in a slow rhythm.
*TOCK*
Daren felt his heart pound and took a deep breath.
*TOCK*
It seemed like they were spaced out at around five seconds between each sound. A painfully slow pace for masturbation.
* TOCK*
Renee was looking at him expectantly. On the next sound...
*TOCK*
He ran his hand up and down his shaft in a smooth motion. Renee gave a condescending thumbs up, then she appeared to get an idea. The metronome app kept up its steady, slow rhythm, and Daren continued the slow stroking of his dick as Renee dug something from the duffel she had brought. She rushed over with a bottle in her hand, and Daren felt a cool sensation on his cock as Renee squirted a healthy splattering of girly-scented hand lotion all over his cock, balls, and upper thighs.
*TOCK*
His hand smeared and spread the lotion over his dick, the sweet floral scent overwhelming him.
"Lubrication is a must, puppy, you have no ideeeeeaa how much jerking you will get up to tonight. Now, let's start my little presentation..." She clicked a button on her laptop, and a picture appeared on the television screen.
It was a beautiful brown-skinned woman, giving a smoky seductive look to the camera, her legs spread far enough to give a clear view of her vagina.
"Let's talk about pussy, Mr. H."
*TOCK*
The teen hand lotion made his hand-slide up and down his shaft smooth and quick. The picture shifted to an image of a statuesque black woman, standing with legs wide apart, hands on hips, a smug look on her face. The image was shot from below, and the focus was clearly on her thrust-forward vagina.
"Although there are a lot of fun things we girls can do with our pussies; biologically, they are designed for one thing."
*TOCK*
The new image showed the same black woman from the last photo, but now it was a view from above, showing a snarl of pleasure on her face as she was penetrated by a massive dick even darker than she was.
"Taking cock. Being penetrated, getting fucked hard, and having cum shot inside of them."
*TOCK*
A different woman in a similar position. This pale Asian beauty looked down with amusement at a dripping black dick that looked like it has just been pulled from her freshly fucked pussy. It rested, drooling, on her thigh, and white ooze could be seen leaking from her pussy.
"Female brains are designed to find a superior man, convince him to fuck their pussies, and accept their seed. It's a biological imperative."
*TOCK*
This image was not studio quality. It showed a woman lying back on a bed, legs bent at the knees and spread in a subservient posture. Her face was blacked out. Wait, did the room look familiar?
"Repeat after me, puppy: Women crave superior men." Rene clicked a button.
*TOCK*
The screen was now black, with what Rene had said in big white letters. Daren repeated the phrase while he did his slow cock stroke, forgetting his momentary confusion over the photo,
"W-women crave superior men"
"That's my puppy! Now, let's get a bit more specific..."
*TOCK*
The image showed a nude blond woman, biting her finger in a "I'm so naughty" look, covering her pussy with one hand, her tits pushed together by the gesture.
Renee leaned forward and tapped her phone, increasing the speed of the beat, now pulsing at about once per second. The pictures continued to change on the beat, more rapidly now. The photos all showed nude blonde women in pinup poses. She continued speaking over the sound.
"This biological drive to find and submit to superior cock is even stronger in what we call 'submissives'."
The images had shifted to blonde women on their knees, looking up at the camera. Darens cock was feeling good in his hand. He desperately wanted to speed up but he knew that Renee was watching him like a hawk.
"Whether it's genetics, or upbringing, or just a quirk of how their sexuality is formed, some women end up more dominant sexually, and others end up more submissive. It's a spectrum, but some women end up on the far, far end of the submissive side. Let's just call them 'submissives' to make things easier."
The images had shifted again, pulsing images of blonde Women tied up or chained in bondage gear. The beat was steady, hypnotic, Renee's voice soft and sensual. The way the images and Renee's voice and the masturbation blended together was compelling.
" Submissives become aroused and orgasm more easily than other women. They have deeper, wetter, more fertile pussies. Their sexuality is much more...flexible."
"Some submissive women try to fight against this humiliating tendency. They collect degrees, and piercings, and picket signs, just to prove that they aren't as submissive as their subconscious insists they are."
Images flashed on the screen of various women. They weren't studio quality and had apparently been snapped with a cell phone. One showed a red-haired professor confidently teaching a large lecture hall of students. Another showed a black-haired girl with numerous piercings, playing a guitar on stage in front of a packed, rowdy bar. The last showed a blue-haired young woman, yelling as she brandished a wordy picket sign reading: "Our eyes and mouths are open! Cross can't fool us! He can't silence us!" Daren got distracted for a moment and almost missed a beat. He remembered those protests, something about his company's ties to shady prostitution and pornography production companies. How had those ended? Renee was moving on.
"But, when they meet a truly superior cock, submissives find out, to their surprise, that they aren't as smart as they think..."
*TOCK*
A photo showed the red-haired professor from the previous photo, naked on her knees, her eyes crossed and tongue out in a dopey display of submissive brainlessness. Someone had scrawled a big red letter "F" on her forehead in lipstick, and she wore a choker that read "Dum-Dum" in diamonds across its surface. Her stupid expression was splattered with cum.
"...Or as tough as they think."
*TOCK*
This one was harder to recognize because the transformation was so extreme. The only clue was the numerous holes where piercings had been removed. It was the rocker girl who had been shredding on guitar in her previous picture. Her hair was now bleach blonde and pulled into cute pigtails. She wore a lacy pink teddy that was sheer enough to show every detail of her slim body and overwhelmingly screamed of soft, girly sexiness. Her face held a look of mortifying embarrassment, as she opened her mouth to shamefully display a massive load of cum, which dribbled out of her pink glossy lips to stain the front of her teddy with a few sticky trails. She wore a choker as well, with a hanging pendant that read "Daddy Please!"
"...Or as righteous as they think."
*TOCK*
Although much of her face was obscured, this busty young woman was recognizable by her blue hair, sweaty and matted as it was. She was riding a huge black dick in the picture, with another big black cock in each hand. One of the cocks in the picture was actively spurting jizz onto her body, which looked like it was already covered in dozens of loads. Her eyes were covered by an eye mask, which read "FOOLED" across its length in block letters. Her mouth held a ball gag, the word "SILENCED" printed across the straps and gag. She wore a choker that simply read "WHORE", with a shiny green dollar sign pendant hanging from it. Across her curvy body, men had pasted one hundred dollar bills, using their cum as an adhesive.
"Even supposedly strong, dominant, independent women..."
*TOCK*
Daren's stomach lurched and cock twitched as the next picture came up. It wasn't a pornographic image at all. It was the headshot Gina used professionally. He was pretty sure it was on her law firm's website. She looked professional, competent, and severe.
"..Will discover that they are much more weak, dependent, and submissive when a superior dick shows them their true nature."
*TOCK*
This image just showed a choker by itself on a white background, with even, professional lighting. It simply read "VICTOR'S". Daren didn't recognize it.
"Repeat after me, puppy: submissive women crave superior cock."
The beat sounded in his ears as he stroked, his whole body pulsed with the rhythm.
"Submissive women crave superior c-cock."
Renee leaned forward, making intense eye contact as she increased the speed of the metronome. Images of kneeling, submissive blonde women flashed quickly across the screen.
"Repeat again. But this time say:" her voice was a smoky hiss, "Gina craves superior cock."
*TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK*
The rhythm was insistent, unstoppable, constant. His mouth was dry. His cock was in shameful, slippery heaven.
"G-g-gina craves superior cock," He whispered, his face burning.
"The truth hurts, doesn't it puppy?" Said Renee in sympathy, "But it's also hot as fuck." She added with a crooked grin.
"We've been talking a lot about cock, puppy. Let's drill down on that." Said Renee with a wink, as she leaned forward again, slowing the metronome back down. Daren whined in frustration. He had been fairly close to orgasm for a second, but the metronome was back to a maddeningly slow pace.
"Not all cocks are created equal."
*TOCK*
Daren looked with confusion at a picture he didn't remember taking. It was him, Gina, and Victor at this past year's Christmas party at his office. Someone must have been going around snapping photos, and they had quickly posed for one. They all had wide, fake smiles on their faces, and Daren had his arm over Gina's shoulders. Victor, on her other side, had his arm resting with easy familiarity on Gina's hip. He didn't remember this at all, but seeing it now it felt ominous, a hint of things to come.
"Put a big cock and a little cock next to each other, and, well, there is just no comparison..."
*TOCK*
The picture switched to a photo of a white woman kneeling between a white man and a black man, one cock in each hand. The small white penis was barely longer than her palm, just barely sticking above it, enveloped by her hand. She could barely fit her hand around the base of the black cock, and two more hands could easily fit along its length. The woman had a face of barely concealed amusement like she could burst out laughing at any moment.
It wasn't Gina. He and Victor weren't in the picture either. But the juxtaposition with the previous photo was deliberate. It drew Daren's mind to associate the two photos. He desperately wanted to increase his stroking speed.
*TOCK*
The image showed a thin man, sitting with a glum expression. Naked, with a small flaccid penis dangling between his legs. Daren felt turned off. His cock deflated a little.
"It's not just women that end up as submissives. Oh no. It happens to men as well. It's rarer because men tend to be a little more naturally dominant, which usually keeps them off the extreme end of the spectrum. It's pretty pitiful. Most women are disgusted by male submissives."
*TOCK*
A flabby man with a ludicrously small penis, sat, looking ashamed on a chair in a bedroom, looking away from the camera. Daren felt another wave of disgust. His erection was faltering now.
"The only way that submissive men can compete sexually is through using trickery or coercion. The responsible solution is for strong, dominant women to discipline them, cage them, and make sure that their filthy slime can never make its way into another woman's pussy. Some women really enjoy that task. Although I wouldn't call their enthusiasm for the job 'attraction', it does give the poor subbie men a little attention."
*TOCK*
This photo showed the man from the first photo kneeling, collared, looking up at a leather-clad woman holding his leash. His cock was trapped in some sort of plastic sheath, and a small puddle was forming beneath it. Darens' cock started to revive.
"On the other side of the spectrum, we have dominant males..."
*TOCK*
The photo showed a muscular model, his cock hung down pendulously, massive even when not erect.
"They are the opposite of the submissives. Dominants are way, way on the other end of the spectrum. When they talk, people listen. They draw respect and envy like a magnet."
*TOCK*
This photo showed a beautiful, tan couple. They were nude, skin shining with oil, embracing each other with a fierce look of passion lighting up their locked eyes.
"Dominant men and Dominant women make fine couples, but the real magic happens when worlds collide."
*TOCK*
A white woman was on her knees, embracing a black man around his waist, looking up at his face with adoring eyes.
"You take the most submissive women in the whole world and match them up with the most dominant men, and you have the perfect match. The sexual equivalent to peanut butter and chocolate. The dominant men get women that are putty in their capable hands. The submissive women get the incredible, dominant cock that their subconscious has been drooling for all along. Everybody wins."
*TOCK*
A black man embraces a white woman from behind, both smiling as he runs his hands over her swelling belly.
"And instinct really takes over. Most women nowadays are turning away from motherhood. That changes once they experience a dominant cock. They begin to fantasize about taking his seed, about bearing his children.
*TOCK*
This image hit Daren like a punch to the gut. It was an old altered photo of him and Gina. 18-year-old Gina was excited, beaming, holding up a positive pregnancy test up to the camera. In the unaltered photo, he was sitting next to her, with a smile to match her own. He loved this photo, and the memory of the original was clear in his mind. In this version, someone very skilled had photoshopped Victor into his place, a cocky grin on his face, next to his beautiful young girlfriend, so happy to be pregnant.
Renee wordlessly increased the tempo once again.
*TOCK* *TOCK* *TOCK*
Images flashed on the screen of big, throbbing dicks. Pregnant women. Used vagina's leaking cum.
"Hyper submissive women and hyper dominant men are just so compatible, sexually speaking, that their pussies override their reasoning, demanding cum, begging to be bred. No other cock would deserve it more, no matter how loving the relationship."
Images of small caged dicks were added to the rotation of lurid images.
"Repeat after me, Cucky: Dominant cocks deserve to cum in Submissive Pussies. Submissive cocks deserve to cum in the trash."
Daren didn't hesitate. He was feeling too good. He was ready to cum, and he would accept any humiliation to get closer
"Dominant cocks deserve to cum in Submissive Pussies. Submissive cocks deserve to cum in the trash."
"Hold that thought, puppy." Said Rene, getting up from her chair, "I'll be right back. Don't you dare cum while I'm gone."
He took a deep breath. It took all his concentration to ride the edge while stroking, gazing at the endless supply of pornographic photos. It seemed like an eternity until Rene clicked her way back in front of his view, hips swaying.
She held the massive black dildo that she had warned him about the other day. The one Victor had given Gina as a gift. She must have gone into Gina's drawer to take it. Daren's eyes locked on to the massive fake cock, balls realistically modeled beneath it.
"Hold out your hand, puppy. The one you aren't using."
He really didn't want to. He didn't want to look at this thing. Didn't want to touch it. But Renee's tone allowed no argument. He unclenched his sweaty left fist and held out his palm reluctantly. Renee placed the huge phallus in his hand, wrapping her hand around his to make him firmly grip the base.
The rubber was soft but with a firm core. It felt like a real penis, despite being slightly cool to the touch.
"This isn't just an off-the-rack dildo, Mr. H. Oh no. This is an accurate 3D model of my Dad's dick." Daren felt dizzy. His immediate instinct was to drop the dildo and wash his hands. For the moment, Renee kept a firm grip on his hand, preventing him.
"I want you to feel the difference, cuck." Said Renee calmly, right next to his ear. "Feel how small you are when compared to a real man."
And Daren could feel the difference. He had never thought himself to be small before, but the difference was humbling. Renee arranged his hand so that the base of the dildo rested on his thigh, the black cock jutting up, its position making the unflattering comparison with his own cock that much more unavoidable. Without meaning to, because his right hand was making the motion already, he began stroking his left fist up and down the dildo in time with the beat, which caused Renee to fall into a fit of laughter.
Suddenly, she grabbed the dildo from his hand and held it up near his face. He recoiled. No way would he put that thing in his mouth. Even as confused and horny as he was, he wasn't gay. But that didn't seem to be Renee's goal. She turned the rubber cock sideways and stuck the tip beneath Daren's nose.
"Smell." She stared down at him with a cold look, no mercy in her eyes.
Daren held his breath. This was so gross, so humiliating.
"Mistress says smell." Said Renee, raising her voice. Daren's fist continued to jerk his dick, moving to the rhythm. Erotic images continued to flash on the screen.
He breathed in tentatively with his nose, and what Renee wanted him to sense was immediately apparent. It was a familiar musky smell. Gina's pussy. She had used this dildo. Probably heavily to imbue her scent in it this much. Daren's face burned with shame.
"Keep smelling." Said Renee, a cruel smile playing across her face. She ran the dildo under his nose, moving towards the tip, the soft rubber tugging at his upper lip unpleasantly. The deep musk smell was saturated into every inch of the dildo. All the way to the base.
"That's right, puppy. Wifey hasn't just been playing with a big dildo. She has been fucking a direct model of my Dad's dick. Balls deep. Again and again and again. This is the length she needs to scratch her itch." She said, waving the dildo. She held up her finger and thumb to make a humiliatingly accurate estimate of where his dick would reach. "This size just doesn't seem like enough for her, puppy."
She reached behind her and tapped her phone again.
"Don't cum until I say, puppy. Answer me. Do you think your dick deserves to cum in your wife's pussy?"
*TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK**TOCK*
Daren's hand worked madly on his crotch. He was tensing his muscles, trying hard not to cum before allowed.
"N-no." He whispered miserably.
"I can't heeear you." Responded Renee in a sing-song voice.
"N-no mistress." He said louder, his voice cracking.
"Huh, so her own husband doesn't think he deserves to cum in Gina's pussy. So who does, cuck? Tell me, who deserves Gina's pussy?"
"Victor." His voice was barely audible.
"Again. Louder."
"Victor does, Mistress."
"I agree." Said Renee simply. She turned away and came back seconds later, carrying a small waste basket. She set it down between Daren's legs.
She clicked her computer again, drawing it close.
The images on the screen were home photos of Gina, looking lovely and energetic, mixed with photos of curvy blonde women getting fucked by black cock, their faces blacked out to help the comparison.
"Repeat after me." Said Renee commandingly, "Victor's cum belongs in Gina's pussy. My cum belongs in the trash. He fucks her pussy, I fuck my fist."
He repeated it.
"Victor's cum belongs in Gina's pussy. My cum belongs in the trash. He fucks her pussy, I fuck my fist."
"Again. Keep going."
Daren repeated the demeaning phrase again. And Again. His fist worked furiously. Renee smiled. The words were worming their way deep into his brain.
"Ok Puppy, " said Renee, nudging the trash can with her boot. "Time to show me how worthless your slime really is. You know what to do. Cum for me." She tapped the computer one last time, freezing the image on one from the key party. Gina laying back on the table, Victor just finishing removing her wet panties, his dick thrust out obscenely right above her wet, naked pussy.
Daren came, his pathetic dick twitching as his load fired in a small powerful spurt right into the trash can: the only place he deserved to squirt his filthy cum. The leftovers dribbled down his fist.
Renee smiled proudly.
"Ok Puppy, round one complete. Let's get set up for round two.
...
Gina almost panicked as she left the bathroom, emerging back into the pulsing light and sound of the club. She cringed instinctively, afraid that everyone would turn in their seats, staring at her curvy body, barely concealed by the tight dress. She imagined their eyes locking on her collar, which loudly advertised which man she belonged to. But no one was watching. An amazonian black woman was doing a fascinating, athletic routine on the pole, and she held the attention of the entire house.
Gina quickly slunk back to the VIP area, stopping just out of sight of Victor and psyching herself up. She was going to have to get serious if she wanted Victor to choose her over the smug, catlike Lucia. Things might get a little...hot and heavy. She mentally apologized to poor Daren. It wouldn't mean anything. Anything said or done tonight didn't count. Daren would never know, but she would find a way to make it up to him later after she had saved his job and this whole Victor thing was behind them. She needed to ignore the nagging guilt inside her and do what was necessary to win. Anything said or done tonight didn't count, she repeated to herself once again.
She took a deep breath, rolled her shoulders, and put on a calculated sexy expression. She had to get into the mindset of wanting to fuck Victor. She found it surprisingly easy to put herself in that mental space.
She moved towards the booth containing Victor and Lucia, rolling her hips and wiggling her ass as little as she went. Gina could be just as seductive as Victor's little minx of a secretary if she wanted to.
Lucia had her mouth up to Victor's ear, her eyes closed, whispering something as she used a hand to massage and stroke his knee. Victor smiled, his eyes to the side, raptly listening to what Lucia was saying. Gina could guess the kinds of filthy talk pouring into his ear.
Time to interrupt Lucia and beat her at her own game. Gina sat on Victor's other side, snuggling her soft, curvy body into his angular muscled torso.
Victor raised a bulky arm, welcoming his other girlfriend by throwing a strong arm over her shoulder and pulling her close. He looked down at Gina with a confident, proud smile, eyes laser-focused on the choker. An unmistakable sign of total ownership and submission, willingly worn in public. Gina didn't fully mean what wearing the choker implied. At least not yet. But this public display was a large and slippery step down that road.
Seeing his intense, appreciative gaze at her choker temporarily stripped Gina of the role she was playing. For a moment, she wasn't a schemer trying to win at a game, she was just a woman being admired by her man. She looked up at Victor's proud, beaming face and returned a shy smile and demure glance down, accepting his attention and implicit praise of her submission.
Then she broke the moment, trying to resume the super flirty persona she had been trying to adopt.
"I hope that you two haven't started the party without me, big boy." She said with a higher-pitched, breathier version of her own voice. She winced. She had overdone it a little. It sounded silly. She had to tone it down. Lucia stifled a giggle. That smug bitch.
"Just conversation, pet." Said Victor smoothly, squeezing her shoulder, "Lucia was telling me the...intriguing plans she was making for us next weekend. If we are still dating, that is And some of those plans are very, very tempting." He ran a large hand up Lucia's side to cup one of her perky tits. Lucia giggled and squirmed, making Victor chuckle as well.
"What could you and I do next weekend, Gina?" He asked, an eyebrow raised.
Shit, Lucia had gone straight to sex to win Victor over. Predictable, but knowing Victor, it was probably a winning strategy. Gina's mind raced. She had to fight dirty talk with dirty talk. I just need to turn him on, it doesn't need to be true. Whatever she said wouldn't count tonight.
"Well, babe, I reeeeally loved that spa you sent me to the other day," she said, twirling a lock of her hair on a finger. She tried to maneuver her shoulder so that Victor's hand was on her breast. Victor took the hint, his strong hand palming her breast in a firm possessive grip that lit a fire in her belly. "I think we should go together. We could hit the sauna. It sounds like it would be soooo fun to strip naked with you and get all hot and sweaty." Victor's eyes had shifted fully from Lucia, and were now staring into hers with a smoldering intensity.
"Better yet, the masseuse that I had last time was really good. She worked my little body so hard! Maybe we can get a couples massage. She can show you how she works out my kinks, then she can teach me a little so we can massage you together." Gina's lips had curved up into a wicked smile. Victor was putty in her hands.
The bulge in Victor's pants had grown quite a bit. Lucia's eyes flashed with anger. She grabbed Victor's chin and turned his head towards her, giving him a deep and aggressive kiss.
"You really want to date this whore?" She asked viciously, sneering at Gina with contempt, "Just because she is enough of a pathetic submissive to wear degrading jewelry?"
The sexy Latin assistant grabbed Victor's hand and thrust it between her legs, riding his fingers with muscular rolls of her hips.
"You want me to wear your name, just say it. I'll get it tattooed right above my tight little pussy, so everyone knows who owns it. But I don't think you'll ask me for that, Victor, because unlike whatever sex game you are playing with this bimbo and her cuck, you actually respect me. We have an actual relationship, not a power game to get you off." She grunted in pleasure as Victor flexed his fingers, gazing at her with an impressed expression.
"Sluts like her are for playtime. She's not a woman you can bring to a fancy dress party. She isn't a woman you can be proud to show to the world. When we are dating, I don't care if you fuck this mixed-up little slut as much as you want. I know she can never threaten me."
"Yes, papi, right there. Harder. Please! Yes! Victor!" Lucia shivered and pulled herself tightly to Victor as she came, squeaking adorably.
Gina frowned. What Lucia had said would normally make a lot of sense. Lucia had laid out the logical reason she would be a better partner than Gina. Gina knew Victor better than that. Victor didn't operate based on logic when thinking about sex. He worked on gut feeling. She needed to fire up his predatory instincts.
"She's right you know," said Gina with a great show of sadness, drawing Victor's attention away from Lucia. She gave Victor an intense, upturned gaze from below, softly batting her eyelashes. "I really am a pathetic submissive. I'm trying my hardest to be a good girl, but you are just about to break my defenses."
She hooked a thumb into her cleavage, gently pulling her dress down, freeing her sensitive pink nipples to be played with by Victor's roaming fingers. Inviting him to touch the places she had once been furious that he even looked at. He instantly began playing with her stiff nipples with no hesitation or reserve. It didn't feel like the explorations of a new lover: his strong hands moved and touched with a sense of familiarity and ownership. Gina shuddered, feeling Victor's strong hands touch her intimately for the first time. His hands were, large, strong, and rough. His touch was firm and dominant, but never enough to hurt, just enough to feel his dormant power.
"I'm a little afraid that once I give in, I won't be able to say no at all. I will just do whatever twisted thing you ask me. I will be totally defenseless from your every perverse thought. I will become completely corrupted by you, ruined forever for my husband. " She couldn't tell if she was acting or not anymore as she stared into Victor's deep curious eyes. "Doesn't that sound a lot dirtier than this high and mighty bitch that wants to share your power?"
Victor smiled, and held a thumb to Gina's lips, prodding, demanding entrance. She resisted momentarily. She could smell Lucia's feminine musk on the digit and didn't want it in her mouth. But Victor was who she needed to please, and he demanded it. His large thumb pushed assertively into her mouth, filling it with Lucia's taste. He pressed the intruding digit firmly towards her tongue. She swirled her tongue around its tip. Her eyes closed. It was unbearably erotic. She couldn't help but think how huge his thumb felt in her little mouth... and how his cock was so much bigger. She gently sucked her boyfriend's thumb as he pinched and gently tugged her stiff, throbbing nipples. She felt that she had made a major score here. She knew just the things to say to get Victor going. Even in her submission, her success at reading Victor gave her a sense of power and control.
She heard Lucia get up. Victor's attention was pulled away from her, his shining wet thumb withdrawing from Gina's mouth.
"Let me show you something, babe, " said Lucia with a sly look at Victor. "I just want to show you how fun I can be."
She whispered something into the attendant's ear and followed him out of the VIP area. This might be a good time to speak with Victor alone... But Gina didn't have any time, because the MC was already announcing over the microphone:
"Please welcome to the stage the Lovely Lucia!"
...
Daren leaned back, exhausted both physically and emotionally. He wasn't sure what Renee meant by round two, but he was feeling like taking a nap more than anything else.
He held his softening dick in his hand, still oozing cum from his ejaculation moments before. He looked down at the waste paper basket. The recipes and junk mail inside were now covered in thick white jizz. He would have to make sure to dispose of them before his two ladies got home.
Renee made a contented noise and stretched like a cat, lifting her leather skirt enough to give him a brief peek at her smooth brown thighs and the tiny strip of leather covering her crotch. He felt a tiny stir from his slimy dick.
"Gross puppy, you're all jizzy!" Said Renee, wrinkling her nose. "Stay right there, I will get you something to clean up with."
She returned in a moment, dropping a small piece of cloth to flutter down and land on his messy cock. He held the cloth up. It was panties again, ones he didn't recognize from Gina's wardrobe.
"Mistress, are these...."
"Cassie's panties? Reeeelax Mr. H. I just grabbed the nearest piece of clothes from a laundry basket. You can pop it in the laundry when we're done, and no one will know the difference."
She watched closely as Daren began reluctantly wiping up his disgusting old man cum with his daughter's used panties, the exact panties, if fact, that Cassie had said were her go-to favorites. The ones she had had so much fun in the other day.
"It's funny, Mr. H, how context can change something," said the cruel teen, her eyes locked on Daren's sloppy work, "Panties really matter to a lot of girls. Way more than undies matter to boys. Girls wear dresses and skirts, so sometimes panties are the last line of defense for our innocence. Those panties were up until recently holding and concealing your sweet daughter's precious... secrets. But now it's just a jizz rag for her daddy's dirty cock. Weird how context changes things."
Daren paused in cleaning himself, glancing nervously at his teen tormentor. He had thought that they were in downtime, but now he was worried that they had already started round two.
"It's the same thing with your daughter, puppy. Right now, she is your precious little girl. The sweet innocent little flower who is your pride and joy. But have you looked at her lately? She's stacked, Puppy! Massive jiggly tits, wide hips, and between those thick thighs, a juicy little cunt just waiting to be fucked. Even her face is borderline pornographic. Naughty little teasing eyes, creamy white skin, and curvy little lips that look custom-designed to stretch around a dick."
Daren's mind and stomach rolled. He didn't want to hear these dirty comments about his precious daughter's body, but Renee's smoky voice and filthy language were having an undeniable effect on him.
"Keep cleaning that little pee-pee, cuck. I'll tell you when to stop. We need to make sure that it is really, really clean."
Daren gulped and resumed rubbing the silky smooth material against his hardening, already-clean cock.
"Can't we focus on Gina, mistress? I thought that was what this training was about. I'm just not comfortable touching myself while talking about Cassie." Said Daren, trying to steer the subject back to safer waters.
"I'm calling the shots here, Puppy." Said Renee, unswayed. Daren realized with a sinking feeling that talking about his daughter was a priority for Renee for some reason.
He tried one last time. "I just don't think about my daughter that way, mistress, and I never will. it's impossible for me."
A cruel, catlike smile spread across Renee's cute little face. "Interesting phrasing, Puppy!" She said, delighted. "Impossible, huh? Let's test that theory. Think of me like a scientist, with you as my little guinea pig. It's a topic of perverse interest to me, being a girl Cassie's age with a dad your age."
She clicked over to him with a swaying walk and leaned over to whisper in his ear, placing a hot little palm on his bare chest to steady herself: "I'm really good at turning people on, cucky. I want to see if I am good enough to get a daddy all hot for his baby girl."
Oh God help me, thought Daren, happy that the panties hid his swelling cock. It's already working.
"When a person lives in the same house with a relative for a long time," said Renee, clicking her way back to her seat, " they develop a mental block towards being sexually attracted to the relative. But it's not impossible to break the block. We just need a little... confusion. First, I will prove to you that Cassie is a hot little piece of ass. Once you see that, that mental block will start to crack."
She typed something on her computer, and a photo appeared on the TV screen.
It was Cassie, pulling herself up off the ladder at a pool, water streaming off her curvy body, dark hair wet and sleek. She was wearing that dark blue two-piece bikini. Daren could remember the fight he had had with Gina and Cassie about it. He had refused to allow Cassie to buy a bikini when they were at the store. He was still uncomfortable with Cassie revealing that much of her body in public. When they had gotten home, in a rare show of solidarity between the two women in his life, Gina had backed Cassie up, insisting that Cassie was a woman now that she was eighteen, and should be allowed to wear a more fashionable swimsuit than he had in mind.
Gina ended up lending Cassie the pictured dark-blue bikini (it turned out Cassie had nearly the same measurements as her mother), which only increased Daren's discomfort. It had always turned him on when Gina wore this particular suit. It wasn't inappropriately cut at all, but Gina's naturally wide, shapely hips were devastatingly emphasized by the low-slung bottoms, and no bikini top could hold her amazing breasts without presenting a feast for the eyes.
The same things were true of his daughter's body, he couldn't help but notice as he drank in the photo, rubbing her panties on his stiff dick.
"Be honest with me, puppy, this one turns you on a least a little, right?" Said Renee teasingly, "She really needs to be a little more careful about looking presentable before leaving the water, Mr. H! I mean, look right here," she said, indicating Cassie's right breast with her riding crop, "Is that an areola I see peeking out a little? And, oh no daddy, that won't do at all! Her bottoms seem to have slipped a little bit!" The leather tip of the crop swiped slowly and sensually across the top edge of the blue bikini bottom. "I can see some of your daughter's short and curlies!"
Daren's eyes were glued to the screen. Renee wasn't wrong. He hadn't seen it before, but Cassie's bikini was a little... disordered. He shook himself. This was wrong. He shouldn't be looking at her body this way. He felt a wave of disgust at himself, his dick deflating somewhat.
But although Renee marked the change with a keen eye, it only seemed to amuse her even more.
"Sorry puppy, that was a lie." She said cheerfully, clicking a button on the computer. The photo transformed instantly, the subject's skin darkening to a tan, the barely visible pubes glinting gold, the head changing completely. It now showed Gina, not Cassie. The pose, the bikini, and the wardrobe slips were the same, but the woman had changed.
His cock swelled back again rapidly, his brain whiplashing from disgust back to arousal. The effect was disquieting. How could their bodies be so similar that he could make this mistake? How could he find one so Alluring and be disgusted by the other? His hand ground the silky smooth panties into his rock-hard dick. His brain was confused, but his cock was confident.
His eyes crept over every inch of his wife's lovely body, savoring the chance to masturbate to something that there was no reason to feel guilty about. The soft swell of the breasts, the gentle curve of the hip. The tight drawing together of the belly and thighs at that sweet center. Who took this picture? When was it taken? He tried to remember the last time he had seen Gina in this suit. It almost looked like the pool of Cassie's friend Kaitlyn's...
Daren felt a stab of shock as Renee read his expression of realization and started cackling. She pressed a button again and the picture morphed back to Cassie. Back to the woman it had been all along.
"I'm sooooo sorry, Puppy!" said Renee in a fit of giggles, "I'm pretty good at photoshop, so I just couldn't resist. They look really similar, right? I mean, not in the face, but from the tits down, mommy and daughter are the spitting image! I told you! Your sweet little Cassie really is that hot!"
She flipped through some other pictures, showing Cassie realizing her suit was out of place. Blushing, adjusting. Daren couldn't take his eyes off the photos. Renee's trick had accomplished what she had wanted. Cassie's body was full, ripe, and sexy. He couldn't unsee it.
Daren took his hands off his crotch, suddenly afraid of the feelings he was feeling. He pressed the heels of his hands into his eyeballs, breathing deeply, trying to get a hold of himself. He felt the couch next to him settle as Renee took a seat, startled as he felt Renee firmly grip his cock through the panties.
"Don't worry about it, daddy. Your mistress is going to help you a little." He could feel her wicked little hand rubbing in short, even strokes on the head of his cock, "Now it's not like you are doing anything bad, right? You are just along for the ride. Let me take control for a little while."
He opened his eyes to see that a new slideshow was playing. It was images of Cassie, all since this summer, with occasional, jarring pictures of young pornstars, nude and staring confrontingly at the camera.
"Cassie really looks like she could join them, right Puppy? Her body fits right in." Murmured Renee, swirling the smooth fabric around his hard dick, "Have you ever thought about how your little girl would do as a pornstar?"
Daren gulped, his dick twitching as his eyes darted over the juxtaposed images flashing on the screen. "She would never. She won't need to. She is going to go to a good college. She is thinking about being a lawyer like her mom.
Renee chuckled. "Yes, I agree that we have a 'like mother like daughter situation' on our hands here. But I wouldn't be so positive that Gina will stay in the legal field forever, Puppy."
He frowned. What did she mean?
"Back to the matter at... hand, Puppy," She said, increasing the intensity of her strokes. "As you can now see, Cassie has an incredible rack, thick thighs, and a juicy little cunt. All the boys at school are scheming of ways to bury their little dicks between those soft thighs, daddy. And worse, with an obscene body like that, it is just a matter of time until some creep ruins her innocence. Let me prove it to you."
She waved his phone in front of his eyes, showing him that she had typed a message to someone. "I wrote a little message for you, puppy. I want you to press send."
Daren grabbed the phone.
[I saw this girl at the pool the other day. Is she your type?]
The image of Cassie exiting the pool, complete with the disarrayed swimsuit, was attached. He checked the recipient, and his heart raced with panic. Charlie (Work).
"Mistress, I can't! Charlie is a real creep. I don't want him to see Cassie this way."
"Calm down puppy, she is perfectly safe. She has her big strong daddy to protect her from dirty Uncle Charlie. I just want to prove that she is catnip for creepers. Send it."
Daren's heart drummed in his ears. Technically none of Cassie's body was exposed. He wasn't really displaying her body to Charlie. Something about the idea of betraying himself and his daughter by sending the photo sent a perverse thrill up his spine.
He clicked the send button.
Charlie replied almost instantly.
[Wow, I was going to tell you not to text me Hardon. But if this is the sort of thing you want to send me, text away. I'm jerking off to it right now. Hell yeah, she's my type. She looks like exactly the type of dumb young slut that I like to get all mixed up and wrapped around my finger. God. I want to force her to call me daddy as I cum all over her stupid little whore face.]
Renee grinned as she read the reply over his shoulder, then gripped Daren's dick tighter and whispered in his ear, "Now tell him, daddy. Tell him who it is. Tell him it is your daughter. Mistress says."
Daren almost gasped with the sensation. He had thought that Renee had been working his dick the best that she could before, but she had been holding back. The pleasure was so intense that he almost squirmed away from her touch. With shaking fingers, he typed in a short message:
[She is my daughter, Cassie.]
And sent it.
Charlie replied again.
[Hahahaha, you are one sick fuck, Hardon. You know you aren't man enough to stop me. Cassie is going to have another daddy very soon.]
Renee grabbed his phone and tossed it away, this part of the game over. She began whispering in his ear again.
"Uh-oh, daddy. Looks like Cassie is in a lot of trouble now. She needs you more than ever. Do you know why that pesky mental block normally stops daddies from fucking their daughters? It has served a very important purpose in evolution. We have a lot less babies with extra fingers and toes getting born. But isn't that a little outdated? Sex isn't just about making babies anymore. It's about intimacy and love, and maybe most importantly, power dynamics. Wouldn't daughters submit to their daddy's authority more easily if they were also submitting in the bedroom?" What she was saying was nonsense, of course. But that didn't stop Daren's dick from throbbing as her sweet little tongue tickled his ear.
"Imagine sweet little Cassie." Said Renee, in a hissing little whisper, "Coming to you after school, telling you all about how some boys tricked her today, how they made her show them her tits. And then she tells you that after school, she met a really nice man from your work. And how he said he wanted to show her something. About how he wanted her to go with him to his house." Her fingers moved slowly and firmly, touching and pressing every part of his aching cock.
"What is a good daddy to do? Your little girl doesn't know enough about sex to defend herself." Renee's hand was twisting now, bringing a new sensation, preventing him from getting used to the feeling of her little hand on his cock. Daren's breath began to huff and puff. "I'll tell you what you do, Puppy. You pull your curvy little princess over your lap, you pull her wet little panties down her thick thighs, and you spank her big soft butt. Crack! Crack! Until her ass is as red as her humiliated face. Until tears and snot are streaming down her cheeks. And then, when she is hurt enough to have a little fear (not a lot, just enough to make sure she does as she is told), you command your daughter to kneel in front of you, and you pull your hard cock out of your pants."
Renee pulled Daren's hand, forcing him to stand, to play-act the twisted scene she was spinning. She remained by his side, her evil little hand working at his crotch. "And you make Cassie take your hard dick in your hands. And you tell her that this was what that man from your work wanted to show her. And you tell her to open her mouth. And as your hard cock slips between your daughter's innocent lips, you tell her that this is what those bad boys wanted her to do with them."
Renee began pulling him by the cock, down the hall. Daren followed, entranced. "And when her poor little jaw is sore from the work you made her do, you lead her, gently, down the hall, to her room." And here they were, in Cassie's room, matching the story. "And you lay her on her bed. And you teach her one final lesson. You show her exactly what all the boys and men are thinking about when they look at her. You teach her, so that next time, she can know what is in their dirty little minds. A practical lesson, because words are cheap." Renee positioned him on Cassie's bed, on his arms and knees, her hand, still using Cassie's dirty panties as a barrier, milking his hanging cock without mercy. His nose filled with Cassie's sweet scent, forever stamping it in his brain as something erotic.
Then suddenly, her hand stopped, making Daren shift uncomfortably. She had led him right to the edge. He had to cum!
"I'm going to let you finish, puppy." Said Renee calmly, "But you have to promise me first."
"Promise what? Anything mistress, just please let me cum!"
"Watch the mail, puppy. When Cassie gets her first admissions letter from a college, take it from the mail and bring it straight to me."
"What? Why?"
"I know college is really important to Cassie, and she is my friend. I just want to be the first to know. Promise me."
"Ummmm, sure. I promise, mistress."
"Good Puppy. One last thing. After you cum, you have to promise to do exactly what I say, right away."
"I promise, mistress! Please, let me cum!"
"Hahaha, how can I say no to such a sweet little puppy? Where was I? Right. And as your daughter gazes up at you with adoring submissive eyes, you know for sure that the bond between you two has been strengthened and that she knows what loving sex is like. And that she won't be tricked so easily ever again. And as she lets out some sweet little moans, and says in her soft little coo, 'I love you daddy'. You cum. Cum daddy, cum for Cassie. Let her know what you think of her.
Daren came explosively, filling Cassie's favorite panties with a globby white load, firing spurt after spurt into his daughter's dirty underwear as his cruel mistress giggled, her breath warm and wet in his ear. He collapsed, sweaty and shaking, onto his Cassie's bed.
"Now," Said Renee with a cruel grin, strolling across the room, "I know the perfect place to put those panties. Right where they belong." She slid open Cassie's panty drawer in her dresser, revealing rows of neatly folded panties. She turned back and crooked a finger at the white-faced Daren, commanding him to come forward.
"B-b-but mistress. I can't do that!" Whined Daren, holding the stained and sullied panties cupped in his hand "She'll know! She'll see that I jerked off with them!"
"Then you had better start thinking of a good excuse, puppy. You promised" Said Renee, her eyes hard, pointing unshakably down at the panty drawer.
With a feeling of impending doom, Daren gently placed the jizz filled panties in the open drawer, on top of the clean ones.
Rene quickly slid the drawer closed.
"Good job on round two, puppy!" She said cheerfully. "Now, it's time for the grand finale!"
...
The music pounded, bumping impossibly loud in Gina's ears. The lights pulsed as well, combining with the music in a hypnotic, trance-like effect. Her eyes, along with everyone else in the club, were focused on the front of the room as Lucia strode confidently onto the main stage, wearing her tight little silver dress and a wide smile.
Lucia's daring stiletto heels showed off her long brown legs perfectly, and as she approached the pole, she swung gracefully around for a turn, hooking one of her exquisite legs around it and giving her audience an even better view.
She hopped down lightly and, as the beat of the music became more complex, the slim latina began a dance. Lucia had amazing control of her hips, which she popped and swiveled with the fast-paced beat, running her hands up and down her lithe brown body.
So this was her plan, thought Gina, relaxing a little. Lucia would just have a sexy little dance on stage, and then leave. Gina had assumed the worst when her rival had taken the stage at a strip club, but of course Lucia wouldn't go so far as to take her clothes off in front of this sleazy crowd.
Lucia cast heated eyes up to the VIP area, crooked her lips into a naughty smile, and blew Victor a kiss, all while keeping her hips moving to the beat. Then she turned, facing away from the crowd. She undid the zipper of the dress. The crowd cheered.
No way, thought Gina, her mouth dropping open. This was crazy. Where was her self-respect?
Gina felt Victor grab her hand and guide it to his crotch. She gasped as she felt the rock-hard bulge straining to be free of her boyfriend's pants. She tried to move her hand away, but Victor held it there. He started to move her hand over the bulge, using Gina's hand to pleasure himself through his pants. Gina looked up at him, trying to protest. She was insulted and hurt to see that he wasn't even looking at her. All of his attention was locked on Lucia, as the little silver dress fell to a puddle on the floor, revealing her toned ass and smooth, slim back. It was humiliating, being used for Victor's sexual gratification even as he ignored her.
The music had slowed once again to a mind-numbing pulse. Lucia turned to the side, demurely hiding her breasts with her left hand while gripping the pole with her right, taking a slow spin around it. Her face lit up with a knowing smile. Her eyes locked on Victor. Gina couldn't help but note the small, well-groomed strip of pubic hair leading down to her pussy. Something Gina had been denied while Lucia was allowed to keep. Lucia suddenly leaped onto the pole acrobatically, holding herself in place with her luscious legs, while letting her upper body dangle down, revealing her small perky breasts as her dark silky hair hung down in shining waves. She spun around for a moment, letting the crowd drink in her nude form as they cheered.
Then Lucia gracefully jumped down once, and walked forward with a shimmy, jiggling her small breasts. At the front of the stage, she suddenly dropped low, spreading her legs wide, giving the whole audience a detailed look at her wet pussy. The audience roared and whistled with applause, with some men running up to shower the shameless performer with dollar bills. Victor ground Gina's trapped hand against his hard, burning-hot cock, pushing strongly against the material of his pants.
How could Lucia do this? Show all these strange, sleazy men her body, just for the gratification of Victor, a predatory asshole. Gina looked hard but could detect no humiliation in Lucia's face. She was confident, sexy, and based on Victor's reaction, clearly winning their little contest. It ate Gina up that this bitch had some sort of inner well of confidence that Gina didn't. If Lucia could do this and Gina couldn't maybe it really was true that Gina was just a scared little girl pretending to be tough. Gina scanned the crowd, calculating. Although it was hard to tell, she didn't think there was anyone that she knew.
"Baby," She said sweetly, gripping Victor's cock through his pants to stop the movement and get his attention, "I've got something I need to do. I can be just as fun as Lucia, honey. Just watch me."
A big, arrogant smile broke across Victor's face like a sunrise. He gave her hand one last big squeeze, mashing it against his massive black cock, before letting her go. As she turned to leave, she yelped as she felt Victor's large, strong hand give her round ass a sharp little swat. She bit back the acid words that she wanted to throw at him. She wasn't one of his little sluts that he could manhandle any time he wanted. Now was not the time though. Now was the time to win. At any cost.
As she walked to the backstage area, her heart began to beat fast and her face began to glow red as she really began to consider what was about to happen. Could she really get up on the stage? Act like all those dumb sluts who showed men their pussies for money? What if she saw any of these people in public later? They would know her immediately she was sure. Would know who she really was deep down. She refocused. Tonight didn't count. She was doing what she had to do to win. It didn't reflect on who she was in real life.
A bald, greasy-looking man with a headset and a clipboard was waiting by the entrance to the backstage area. He looked her up and down and gave her a leering smile. "Gina, right? Lucia told us to expect you. Head on to the stage!"
Lucia had told them to expect her beforehand? How had she known ahead of time that Gina would follow? Maybe this wasn't such a good idea...
But now she could see from behind the curtains that Lucia was wantonly thrusting her hips up at Victor, who, with Gina gone, was now rubbing his own hand over his bulging pants. Even if this was a trap, it was the only way to be declared the winner. Gina couldn't come this far to give up now. Gina Harlowe wasn't a quitter. And she certainly wasn't a loser. The only way out was forward. Gina took a deep breath, holding her red cheeks in her hands for a moment. Feeling the humiliating choker and its tight, sweaty grip on her neck. Trying not to think about how she was about to debase herself for Victor's amusement.
She walked with shaking steps towards the stage.
"And Now, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Jiggly Gina!"
The hot lights of the stage hit her immediately. She could feel the focus of the rooms attention turn to her, resting on her like a ten-ton weight. Her mouth immediately went dry, and her hands started shaking. She took some wobbly steps forward.
Music began playing, but it wasn't the seductive rhythm that they had played for Lucia. Instead, they began playing a brassy, cartoonish stripping song that you might hear in a comedy. Gina could see from the corner of her eye that Lucia had not left the stage. She stood on the sidelines, still nude, hip cocked with a hand hiding a smile on her face.
Gina realized the nature of the trap too late. Lucia had set up her performance to show her gracefulness and sex appeal and had engineered Gina's to produce maximum humiliation.
Gina walked awkwardly over to the pole and stiffly spun around it with one hand. It was harder than it looked.
She tried to do a little dance while shaking her hips, but the swingy rhythm of the music was difficult to match. Soft boos began to sound from the crowd.
Suddenly, Lucia's mocking voice boomed out from the sound system:
"Sorry folks, Jiggly Gina doesn't have much going on in the brains department." She said.
Gina ground her teeth as she saw Lucia crossing the stage, holding a microphone and addressing the crowd. "But you all aren't interested in looking at her brains, are you? Come on Gina. show us what you have under that dress. Maybe it can make up for your lack of skills. Strip."
Gina glared at her with hatred.
"Strip!"
The crowd took up the chant.
"Strip! Strip! Strip!"
Gina glanced up to the VIP section. Victor looked down at her with a serious expression. Then he nodded.
Gina knew what it would take to win. What was under her dress was more impressive than anything Lucia could show the crowd. With numb fingers, she gripped the top edge of her tight dress. The crowd went silent in anticipation.
"That's it slut." Said Lucia with a giggle, "Show these people your big titties. Show them why they call you "Jiggly Gina".
The crowd laughed at Lucia's barb as Gina pulled the tight material slowly down her breasts, her hard nipples popping free. She had to wiggle her wide hips a little to squeeze out of the dress, causing her tits to bounce and wobble. The ridiculous music continued to play, as the crowd fell silent in admiration. Finally, the dress fell to the floor, Leaving Gina breathless, nude, and on display for the world to see. The lights felt like they were burning her naked body. She remembered the disdain she had felt for the stripper she had seen as she arrived, how darkly erotic it had been to see a woman debase herself that way. Her insides roiled at the realization that she was now in exactly the same position. And she didn't even have the excuse that she was getting paid.
Seeing her curvy, tanned form, the crowd broke into loud cheers. Even louder than Lucia had received. The Latin woman frowned at the sight of Gina's stunning body, her plan momentarily off-track.
Gina felt like she was going to pass out. The only thing she wore now was the choker that proclaimed her as an owned woman, clearly visible to the leering crowd. Her huge tits, erect nipples poking up obscenely from their tips, which were supposed to be only for the eyes of her husband, were now public knowledge. Her juicy, shamefully hairless pussy was hidden only by the swell of her thick tanned thighs. Gina, a driven, ambitious career woman and mother, was now no better than the high school dropout bimbos who worked at this sleazy club.
She turned her eyes upward to Victor. He was smiling, pleased, proud of her courage. He crooked a finger, calling her forward. In a trance, she wobbled forward, uncomfortably aware of the wetness between her thighs. She made it to the edge of the stage. Victor slowly unzipped his pants, his massive cock springing free. He pointed down. Gina could tell what he wanted her to do. She shook her head, her face burning hotter than ever before. She couldn't do it. Even strippers normally had more class. Even across the room, Victor's eyes were intense and commanding. His cocky stare said it all. This is what it would take to win. Gina took a deep, shaky breath. She dropped down into a squat, just as Lucia had, and with a grimace of shame, slowly spread her thick thighs wide, revealing in detail the last of her body's secrets, and discarding the last shred of her dignity at Victor's command.
Victor's hand began slowly stroking his cock as the crowd whooped and whistled, men crowding closer to get a good look at her soaking wet, bare pussy. He nodded and mouthed, his meaning clear even across the room, "Good Girl."
Gina remained in this position for what felt like an eternity, leaning back on her hands, allowing the cheering crowd to examine her pussy. Her shame and self-loathing grew every second, watching Victor pleasure himself to the sight of her degradation. Finally, it became too much. Gina scrambled back up to her feet with the crowd screaming and begging for more behind her. That would have to be enough. She walked quickly to the back of the stage.
One moment she was walking, the next she was on the stage, falling on her hands and knees, facing away from the audience, accidentally treating them to a view of her pussy and asshole from behind.
"Tsk Tsk Tsk, Gina." Said Lucia evilly, flashing her a cruel grin, "You've got to work on that clumsiness."
Gina looked down and saw the microphone cord, saw how Lucia had used it to trip her. Gina saw red. That smug bitch. Without thinking, Gina lunged, hugging Lucia's long smooth legs around the knees, bringing her to the ground. She would teach this bitch to insult her.
The fight was a blur. Lucia slapping her from above, straddling her belly with her long powerful legs. Gina's hands in Lucia's silky black hair as they grappled, stiff nipples scraping each other's bodies. Their hot sweaty skin slipping and rubbing against each other as Gina gripped Lucia from behind, trying to prevent her from rising to her knees. The crowd was going wild, people crowding the stage to get a better view of the two gorgeous women in a full-contact wrestling match.
Finally, Gina's larger body size proved decisive. She sat on Lucia's body, pinning her hands down on either side of her head. Lucia's shining black hair lay like a halo around her, her eyes glittered with hatred as she looked up at the victorious and dominant Gina. Gina could see the diamond hardness of Lucia's nipples as her small firm breasts rose and fell with her heavy breaths. Gina's own nipples could cut glass. She felt the wetness of her pussy pressed up against Lucia's firm, hot belly. Lucia's curvy lips were shining, parted with the effort of her panting breath. Gina looked up at Victor, now stroking his cock rapidly. He gave her another nod.
Gina leaned down and kissed her defeated rival hard on the lips, thrusting her tongue into the slim Latina's mouth. Gina thrilled at the feeling of victory, of using her tongue to silence the mocking young woman. Lucia seemed shocked for a moment, then began returning the kiss with equal force and passion.
Gina didn't even notice Xavier, her rival from work, stealthily using his phone to record from the edge of the stage. Xavier congratulated himself for following Victor's advice to come to this club tonight. He was really looking forward to work on Monday.
...
Daren leaned back on his couch, sweaty and tired, his mind scrambled. Renee was working busily, taking things out of her duffel bag and setting them on the coffee table, as well as setting up something else on the computer. Daren found it hard to pay attention. This time, he was sure that Renee would have no success getting him turned on again. Guilt was already preying on his mind for what he had jerked off to tonight.
He felt the couch shift and looked over to see Renee sitting there with a look of sympathy on her face. She had apparently finished with her preparations. She gently took Daren's face in her hands and said softly "I know. I know, Puppy. It's been a long night. Come here." She pulled him gently, positioning him so that he was lying down, his head resting on Renee's lap, the feeling of the cool shiny leather contrasting with the warm soft skin of her thighs.
She began running her little fingers softly through his hair.
"It's hard work, Puppy. We are doing all of this to change you. To make you into the man you ought to be. All of this is helping, even if it hurts your heart a little. Trust me, I have this all under control. Everything is going according to plan. I can already see you becoming the person who I've always wanted you to be."
Her soothing voice and gentle fingers felt like a balm on his soul.
"But we can't stop now, Puppy. The last part is the most important." She began sending her fingers in snaky little patterns down his shoulders, onto his bare chest. "I know you feel spent right now, but I promise you that tiny down there will be wide awake once we get started." She started twirling her long nails around his nipples, which felt strange and foreign, but not unpleasant.
Renee dropped her voice to her favorite breathy whisper: "I'll even make you a deal, Puppy. If you really can't get it up for my dirty talk... I'll put my money where my mouth is." She trapped one of his nipples in a painful pinch and tugged to emphasize her words.
"That's right, Puppy. As much as it grosses me out to think about your foul little old man dick in my pretty mouth, that's how far I am willing to go to make sure we finish the grand finale."
Daren couldn't help it. Renee's lewd promise was having its intended effect. The animal lust deep in his gut, which he thought had gone to sleep for a long rest, began to stir. His cock shifted on his belly as blood began to flow there once again.
Renee giggled and kissed him on the forehead. "Well, Puppy, it looks like this sweet little mouth remains pure for now. I won't pretend that it's not a relief. I knew you could do it, Tiny!"
She shifted out from under him, picking up her riding crop and directing his attention to the props and presentation set up.
"Back to business, Cucky. First, I need you to wear this." She tossed something toward him, and it hit the couch next to him. Daren did a double take. He recognized it. The ridiculous goat mask he had worn on the worst night of his life, that damn key party. He felt his penis swell further as he felt again the humiliation and exposure he and Gina had endured that night. He had come too far now to start defying Renee. He cast his eyes down, and pulled the mask over his face, tying it at the ears.
"Goood. I want you to feel it, cuck. What Gina made you feel that day. What Victor made you feel that day. Start stroking. I want to see your hand move on that tiny thing you call a cock."
She turned, and gestured at what she had set up on the table: "Look at my little visual aid, cuck. I will admit, maybe a little bit over the top, but at this point in our session, I thought it was the right time for big, easy-to-grasp symbols."
A small scale sat on the table, the old-fashioned type with two pans for balancing weights. It had a white stylized lamb fixed to the needle between the two sides. One pan of the scale had a scrawny stylized goat fixed to the front, and the other had a muscular stylized bull. It was over the top enough that Daren would have laughed, except for the ominous atmosphere and his building lust.
"Your sweet little lamb, your faithful wifey is in danger from a big bad bull. She's in so much danger that, as smart as she is, as wary and careful as she is being, she is still wildly underestimating him. And on the other side, we have you. A scrawny little goat. Your sweet lamb's knight in shining armor." Renee glanced over at the pathetic man in the stupid mask, jerking off to his own humiliation. She let out a mean snicker.
"You want to stop my dad from getting his sweet reward. Let's see what you have going for you." She reached for a cloth bag beside the scale and pulled something from inside. It was a small white cylinder, about the side of a pill bottle, with a carved white heart attached to the top. She placed it on the goat side of the scale with a click. "She loves you, Puppy. Everyone can see it. Even my Dad wouldn't deny it. In fact, that's a big part of what makes this whole thing so fun for him." The lamb-topped needle moved slowly toward the goat side of the scale as the heart symbol pushed it down.
Renee took a small pair of keys from the table and used them to unlock Daren's wedding band from her necklace. She placed it on the goat side of the scale as well with a metallic *ting*. "She is also your wife. She stood up in front of you, all her friends, and God and swore that she would never fuck another man, no matter how badly she wanted to. Or something like that. For a person as proud as your wifey, that's important. That's going to cause some hesitation for sure."
The lamb needle swung decisively down to point all the way towards the goat.
"And that is about it for the advantages that you have. Now, let's see what my Dad has going for him, Cucky." Daren saw with a sinking heart that the white cloth sack had many more little cylinder symbols inside.
"He is smarter than you." She placed a small black symbol with a stylized brain atop the cylinder on the bull side of the scale, moving the lamb needle an alarming amount back towards the center. "On his very first try, he had your wife naked on her knees, kissing his cock, while you jerked your tiny dick off at the sight. He will always be one step ahead of you and wifey's weak little resistance."
"He is better looking than you." She placed the symbol of a stylized rose down on the bull's side of the scale, causing the lamb to move just past the halfway point toward the bull. "Trust me, cuck. No matter how Gina tries to reassure you, your dad bod just can't measure up."
"He is more dominant and masculine than you." This symbol was shaped like a bull's head. The lamb needle was swinging down decisively towards the bull side. Daren shamefully couldn't stop masturbating. "When he speaks, people listen. He commands the room. Everyone respects him wherever he goes. Can you say the same, cucky?"
"He is physically stronger than you." This one was shaped like a muscular torso. "Even if you gave up competing fairly and tried to straight up fight him, you would still lose. Handily."
"He's more cultured... has better taste... is a better conversationalist... is better educated... is richer... works harder." The list went on, the black symbols crowding the plate, almost falling off. The lamb needle was deeply buried on the bull side, the goat side hanging as high as it could go in the air, the ring and heart symbol looking lonely and insufficient. Renee pulled one last symbol from the bag. It was larger and heavier looking than all the others. The symbol on the top was a lovingly rendered shining black phallus. Renee silently placed it on the scales, which toppled over due to the weight, spilling the props everywhere.
"He is much. Much. Better than you in bed."
She turned and pressed play on the laptop, starting a video going on the television screen. The video showed a lamb-masked blonde woman, collared at the feet of an enormous black man in a bull mask, holding a chain leash attached to the collar. Daren's eyes bugged, and he had to stop masturbating momentarily to stop himself from cumming without permission.
Although his mistake was Renee's intention, a closer look showed that these two were not Victor and Gina. The woman's breasts were fake, unlike Gina's, and the Black man had a tattoo that Daren would have remembered. This was just another prop, a suggestive demonstration of what was to come. Had Renee paid to commission a video just to humiliate and turn him on? It worked. Even though it wasn't real, It was still enough to send Daren spiraling into lust and shame. After his moment's pause, his hand began stroking again as the woman on the screen began seductively nuzzling and kissing the cock of her dominant partner.
"Hold on, cuck." Said Renee with an anticipatory smile, "I'm going to let you get all your loser juice out, but only on my terms. And I'm sorry, cuck, you are really not going to like my terms this time." She quickly snapped on a rubber glove, picking up the black cock symbol she had placed on the scales. She held up the black cock and gripped it by the base, twisting it and revealing that the cock carving was a lid on a hollow container the whole time. Then she reached in and pulled out a huge used condom, still shiny and wet from use, filled with a massive load of bright white cum.
She shook it in front of Daren's face, showing him the pendulous load. He could smell the powerful, musky scent of it. "God, look at it, Cucky. One shot like this, and anyone would get pregnant, guaranteed. And, I'll tell you right now, my dad hates to use condoms. He only used this one because I told him I would need it for this fun little game." With a giggle, she scooped up Daren's wedding band from the table, and before he knew what was happening, plopped it into the open mouth of the used condom. Daren's mouth hung open as she worked the ring deep into the dirty condom until it disappeared completely into the opaque white ooze.
"This ring is just like your wifey, cuck. Filthy, stuck, debased. Sunk into a trap of my Dad's lust and virile manliness. Now it's time to see if all of your training has paid off." She held out the slimy used condom to Daren. Indicating that he should take it. He cringed, his dick throbbing in his right hand as his left hand picked up the massive used condom of the rival for his wife's heart and body.
Renee's voice was still and serious as she gave her next vile instructions. "Put it on, cuck."
Daren froze. The video was still playing, with the massive bull-masked man lifting up the smaller lamb-masked woman and laying her on a bed, his giant prick stiff and dripping with her eager saliva. He couldn't believe what Renee had just said. He stared into her eyes, trying to find some indication that she was joking. She gazed back, calm but as immovable as stone.
"You heard me, Puppy. I want you to take that slimy, used condom, filled up with my Dad's jizz, and slide your tiny dick right into it. And I want you to do it right now."
"Mistress, please... I don't..."
*Crack*
For the first time, Renee used her riding crop for its intended purpose, whistling down to leave a red welt on Daren's tender inner thigh. He jumped and gave a little scream, almost dropping the condom on himself.
Renee did not look pleased at all.
"I won't hear another word, you little bitch." Hissed Renee with fury, "You swore to me that you would follow my every instruction tonight. Now put that man's condom on your little boy pee-pee, before I get really mad."
Daren felt himself fold like a house of cards. He gulped and lowered the slimy condom to his hard penis, trying to fold it carefully so that he didn't upend the full load onto his dick. The inside was cold and slimy, just as unpleasant as he had imagined. He would have thought that the disgusting experience would destroy his libido, but, humiliatingly, he was harder than ever.
Renee clutched her stomach, letting out peals of girlish laughter. Even Daren had to shamefully admit that the sight was funny. The condom dwarfed his dick, fitting only loosely around the base of his cock. But the really humiliating comparison was the length.
Renee sat and stretched the length of the condom up, once again causing the white sticky payload to creep down worryingly towards his penis. "Let's see how you measure up, ok Cucky?" She made a big show of looking at the length of his penis compared to the condom length, as the sticky white sperm crept closer and closer to hitting his cock. His cock made it less than halfway up the condom. Renee laughed again, letting the end of the condom fall. The filled reservoir at the tip hit Daren in the balls with a wet splat.
"This is where we see the results of your training, Puppy." Said Renee, sitting next to him and cuddling up to his chest. "All you have to do," She said, indicating the bulbous white reservoir of the condom with a gloved finger, "Is shoot your little cummies far enough that they can compete with my Dad's. If you can blast your little swimmers far enough to mix them with the ones surrounding your ring, then you will have shown me that you have worked yourself up enough, and increased your jealousy to the point that you are ready to fight for your wifey's honor."
She wrapped a warm little arm around Daren's waist and pulled herself closer.
"Start stroking, cuck."
The feeling of another man's cold jizz on his cock was disgusting but provided a slippery, slimy lube that, combined with the humiliation, immediately started making Daren feel great.
On the screen, the Black man had pushed up his bull mask to dive between the woman's splayed legs. She was moaning and arching her back with appreciation.
"We talked about this earlier, Puppy." Said Renee at his side, "When a woman meets a superior man, she submits to him, both mentally and sexually. It's natural, beautiful even."
The black man on screen straightened up, his massive penis statuesque, totemic, a symbol of sexual superiority. The woman, below him physically and sexually, spread her legs wider, her hairless pussy shining with more than just his saliva. She writhed and moaned as her lover savored the view, teasing her with the moment of prolonged anticipation.
"What you are trying to do is admirable. Fighting for your love and all that. But it's doomed. It goes against nature itself. When wifey gets a taste of my Dad's big black cock..."
The massive brown dick on the screen sank slowly, inch by rock-hard inch, into the woman's pink, swollen pussy. The actress screamed in pleasure. It wasn't fake like most of the porn he had seen. This woman was truly having her world rocked. Daren's cock strained and twitched and his hand squished it around in its slimy prison.
"... Then she will forget all about you and Tiny here. She will be changed forever, sexually speaking. If I know my dad, the rest of her life will be changed too. My Dad prefers women to be a lot more... docile. More eager to please. Less... smart. And, because your wifey will be addicted to his cock, she is probably just going to go right along with it as he starts remodeling her into his little bimbo slut."
The man on the screen had the woman's hands trapped above her head as he mercilessly plunged his cock deep into her. The woman twisted her head to the side, panting and biting at the sheets, letting out deep and genuine-sounding moans.
"Only you can save your wifey, cuck. She is under his spell already, she needs someone to rescue her from the big bad bull. If you don't, her life will be ruined, and she will love every humiliating, panty-drenching second of it. Come on, big boy. Shoot those cummies. Show me that loser juice. A big, powerful load now. One big enough to fight with my Dad's."
The man on the screen pinned the woman down with his powerful body, thrusting his dick in to the hilt, his balls spasming again and again as he pumped a massive load deep into the woman's vulnerable pussy. She groaned with ecstasy, crossing her legs behind his back and gripping his torso tightly to hers.
Daren strained forward as well, hips lifting from the couch, releasing his load into the used condom.
Renee tried to hold back her laughter, but it came snorting through and she soon dissolved into giggles. It could clearly be seen that Daren's small, yellowish-white load had gotten barely an inch further than the tip of his dick, leaving the bright white sperm in the tip of the condom untouched. Daren's dick deflated rapidly, now slimy with two men's cum. He felt a wave of shame and humiliation as the video finished on the screen. This time, there was no accompanying feeling of lust.
"Awwww, sorry, puppy." Said Renee, still giggling, "It looks like you failed the final exam. All that training gone to waste! You just don't have what it takes to save Gina."
Daren collapsed back on the couch, feeling despair.
"Don't be so sad, Puppy," said Renee comfortingly, jumping up from the couch, "Your cuckysitter isn't out of ideas yet. But are you sure you still want to try to stop this? Let's be real, you are really getting off on being a cuck. Wouldn't it be more fun if you just went along for the ride?"
Daren shook his head, tears forming in his eyes. "I can't g-give up," He croaked, choking with emotions, "I love her. I have to stop this."
"Awwwwwww, so sweet!" Said Renee, giving a little jump of joy, "Well then, I have some next steps we can try."
She picked up the black symbol of the muscular torso that she had used on the scales earlier and twisted off the top, pulling a small, unlabeled prescription pill bottle from inside. "First, I'm going to have you take these pills. One a day. They are an herbal supplement. They are going to get you closer to where I want you to be, both mentally and sexually." She set the bottle down with a rattle of pills. Daren nodded. Maybe that could be something that would help.
Renee smiled as she saw him nod. "Great. You are going to like this one less, Puppy." This time, she grabbed the symbol of the bull head, twisting the top off to pull out a large stoppered test tube. Daren didn't like the familiar look of the thick white liquid within. "I'm going to need you to slip this into Gina's food the next time you cook for her."
"Wait, Mistress. What is it? It can't be..."
"My Dad's cum? Bingo, Cucky. Don't worry," She said with a teasing smile, "There is a method to my madness. Sexual attraction is all about pheromones right?" She watched with glee as Daren reluctantly nodded, already being sold on her obvious bullshit. God, submissives were so easy to trick. "Well, if Gina eats a little of Dad's semen, those pheromones will not be as effective. Trust me, it's like building up a tolerance. You've got to feed your wifey some of Victor's cum. "
Daren looked embarrassed and reluctant, but eventually nodded his head, and Renee set the tube down next to the pill bottle, reminding him to find a place to hide it in the fridge.
"Last but not least, Puppy." Renee said with gleeful anticipation, reaching for the white heart symbol that had been alone on his side of the scale "I think you are going to like this one least of all."
She opened it to reveal a small plastic contraption. Daren recognized it from some of the more extreme cuckold videos Renee had sent him, as well as some of the pictures shown earlier in the night. A male chastity device. Designed to lock a cock up and prevent it from getting hard.
"B-but why mistress?" Whined Daren. Chastity sounded like hell to him. He strongly did not want to be restrained in that way.
"I think we have been going about this the wrong way for you, Puppy." Said Renee seriously, "Instead of the cuckold porn riling you up, it has just been making you more and more turned on by the situation."
"But Mistress, you were the one who s-s-sent me all those videos!" Said Daren in disbelief, still trying to worm his way out of his fate.
"How was I supposed to know what a worthless cuck you were?" Said Renee airly, "For most real men, that method would have worked! Anyway, we need to try the opposite track. To get you so horny through denial that you get riled up in that way."
She walked over and picked the dirty condom up off his cock, wrinkling her nose in disgust as she dropped it back in the container it came from. Then she brandished the plastic device, preparing to fix it on his flaccid dick.
"W-wait," Said Daren desperately, scooting back. "Gina will notice! There is no way I will be able to explain it!"
"Hmmmm, I think you can avoid her noticing for a while." Said Renee with a smile, "True, you might need to turn down your poor wifey when she asks for sex a couple of times, but I think that pretty soon here she is going to stop asking. She is going to be a lot more concerned with having sex with someone else."
Daren had run out of excuses. He had been too beaten down by the evening to insist. The device clicked into place, trapping his dick at the mercy of this evil young woman.
"Here's the neat thing about this model," gushed Renee, clicking her nails on a dull blue light on the side of the device, "I can use an app on our phones to unlock the cage remotely! That should let us play a lot of fun games even if I can't be around. I already installed the app on your phone. You're welcome!"
The device felt confining and slightly uncomfortable on his penis and balls. He dreaded the feeling of not knowing when he would be free. Suddenly he remembered something important.
"My ring!" He yelped, "M-mistress, I need my ring back!"
Renee laughed, "You're right puppy. You won our game, and I said if you beat the challenge I would give it back." She picked up the condom again from the container. "Hold out your hands, cuck."
Daren was too tired and downtrodden to argue. He numbly held out his hands as Renee upended the twice-used condom over them, working the contents out with her fingers.
Cum splattered out over Daren's hands, his lap beneath, and the couch. First Daren's small yellowish load, then Victor's big, thick, white one. Finally, the sullied ring landed with a splat in Daren's cupped hands.
"That won't do, Cucky," Said Renee disapprovingly, "This is the symbol of your love. It's all filthy! Let's clean it." Before he could protest, Renee picked up the ring, grimacing at the small amount of cum on her fingers, and popped the disgusting ring in Daren's open mouth.
He almost choked as the sour, salty taste of Victor's cum spread over his tongue, deepening his sense of inferiority and humiliation.
"That's it cucky," Said Renee gently, wiping her fingers off in his hair, "Suck all of that filth and lust away. Make your love pure again."
Renee turned her back, beginning to pack her props away in her bag.
"I had better leave you now, Puppy." She said breezily, "I think you have a lot of cleaning to do before Gina gets back. But remember..."
She pointed at the pill bottle. "Take the pills."
She pointed at the vial of cum, "Feed Wifey the cum."
She pointed at Daren, "And don't forget to bring me Cassie's first acceptance letter. Also, don't you dare clean up that little surprise we left for Cassie."
She had finished cleaning her things already. She grabbed her coat and walked towards the door. Daren was speechless, splattered with cum with the ring still in his mouth.
"You might not feel like it, Puppy," Said Renee with a smile, "But we made a lot of progress tonight. I can't wait to see the final result of your little transformation."
...
The anger, the heat of the stage lights, and the sweaty, frantic skin-to-skin contact had awakened a fierce roar of lust in Gina's body. Judging by Lucia's frantically twisting tongue in her mouth and her stiff nipples, The slim sexy Latina was feeling the same way. Rather than pinning her down by the wrists, Gina found that her fingers had twined into Lucia's. She felt deep sexual satisfaction as her bitchy little rival submitted to her dominant kiss.
Gina released Lucia's hands and stared down into her deep brown eyes. She tangled her fingers in Lucia's shining black hair. Lucia stared up at her, hateful, but cowed and docile, accepting her victory. Gina smiled as her fist tightened, gripping a fistful of hair.
Gina got off of Lucia, and pulled her a short distance by the hair, forcing her to crawl behind.
Gina rested her back against the nearby pole, facing the crowd. Let the crowd watch as this little whore made full submission. Sharp little tongues like Lucia's had one good use at least...
Still holding her hair, Gina forced Lucia's head between her thick tan thighs. Lucia hesitated for a moment, giving her a little pout with upturned eyes, but she knew that she was the conquered, and the conqueror would get what she wanted. She buried her face in Gina's wet pussy and began obediently attacking her inner folds with her sassy mouth.
Gina held Lucia's face against her pussy, grinding it in as she smiled out at the roaring crowd. She gripped her breast, teasing a nipple to increase the intensity of the pleasure as Lucia's submissive tongue-work brought her closer and closer to orgasm.
Suddenly the crowd cheered louder, looking at something behind her. Victor was now taking the stage, as naked as his two girlfriends, brimming with confidence, smiling wide. He seemed to have absolutely no concerns or doubts about appearing this way, and with his godlike body, why would he?
He took center stage waving to the crowd, loving the attention, his massive black dick bobbing with his movements. Lucia raised her dripping face from Gina's pussy, her submission to Gina overridden by the appearance of the one who was really in charge.
Victor deftly scooped up the microphone which Lucia had dropped, addressing the crowd.
"Well folks, I told these two lovely ladies earlier tonight that only one of them can date me, and wow, they sure did get competitive!"
The crowd laughed, causing Gina to start a new blush, realizing how foolish she and Lucia must have looked tonight.
"But I tell you what, folks." Said Victor humorously, playing up for the crowd, "I think that they just showed me that they can play nice together as well. Really, really nice. I actually think I could be with two women at once, provided they can work as a team. What do you think everyone, should I give them a chance to show me how well they can cooperate?"
The crows roared their approval.
Victor turned to the two ladies, who had been hanging on his every word. He crooked his large, dark finger.
Gina tried to stand but was stopped by a disapproving noise from Victor.
"Crawl to me, pet."
Lucia began crawling to the feet of her master, and Gina, her mouth growing dry, her heart pounding, followed close after. She was lost in the moment, forgetting everything about her husband, her resistance to Victor, and her pride.
With firm, but gentle hands, Victor positioned Gina and Lucia kneeling on either side of him, his massive cock thrusting in the air directly between their faces.
Two gorgeous women looked up at him with upturned eyes. One set of blue, Fearful and ashamed. The other of brown, fierce and excited. Victor placed a large, strong head on the back of both heads, one silky and black, the other feathery and blond.
"No more fighting girls. This is a group assignment. Show me how you can work together." He applied gentle pressure to both heads, bringing both rivals closer to each other and his big black cock.
Lucia leaped forward eagerly, licking her little tongue up the underside of the shaft with a smile, then swirling it around the bulbous head. Victor allowed Gina to back up slightly and enjoy the show as Lucia gripped the huge dick in her hand and jerked the base before plunging the head into her little mouth. Gina watched with horny fascination as the girthy cock stretched the Latina's curvy lips. She didn't think her mouth would fit it any better, but she wondered what it would feel like to try.
Lucia removed the dick from her mouth with a pop, a string of saliva trailing between them for a moment. Then she turned with a demure smile to Gina, using her hand to hold the dick out to her, offering the alpha's cock to the dominant female. Gina could feel Victor's hand on the back of her head again, gently pushing her head forward. She felt her own lust drawing towards the cock like a magnet, its shiny ebony luster was almost hypnotic. In moments, it would happen. She would take him in her mouth and implicitly agree to be a second woman of a man who was not her husband.
Deep in her mind, her stubborn nature reared its head, wresting the controls from her libido. The events of that horrible key party were seared forever into her memory, and she recalled exactly what she had sworn that day.
She would never, ever in a million years suck Victor's cock. She had defiantly sworn in front of dozens of people. It was her only solid win of the night. To suck his dick would be to admit complete defeat. To acknowledge his utter superiority.
She wouldn't do it. Never. Even if it sounded super hot right now.
She squirmed from Victor's grasp, and got to her feet, stumbling away. The crowd gasped.
"I-I can't Victor. I won't. Not that."
She saw Victor staring at her with a wry look on his face, Lucia still kneeling in front of him, his cock still shiny and wet from her mouth. She wore a sudden cunning look of triumph on her fox-like face.
Victor turned from Gina to Lucia.
"Well, then I guess I found my new girlfriend."
He suddenly bent and scooped up Lucia in his muscled arms. Effortlessly holding her up by the waist to present her to the crowd like a new toy.
"Gentlemen, meet again Lucia Ruiz, my girlfriend."
Lucia was smiling and waving with enthusiasm, looking thrilled to be there, being displayed like an object.
"I think that she deserves her reward, right guys?" The crowd roared and whistled. "And you all deserve a little reward as well, so I'm going to let you watch as I give her what she wants so badly."
He positioned Lucia directly in front of him, facing the crowd. Her dripping little pussy was right at the tip of his bulging cock. Her legs drew up naturally as she spread her legs as wide as she could. She was biting her lip, her eyebrows scrunched up in a look of intense sexual anticipation.
Lucia's moans could be heard even above the cheering crowd as he lowered her slowly, impaling her inch by thick inch on his black cock. Her back arched and her face became a cross-eyed, tongue-lolling disgrace. Even with the audience watching her debasement, she was lost in the throes of lust, and couldn't restrain her deep, animalistic orgasm.
No one was paying attention to Gina. Even the stage manager ignored the naked blonde as she slunk, defeated off the stage. As she gathered her things to leave, she tried to tell herself that she would never want to be fucked by Victor anyway, let alone in front of all these horny slimeballs. But as she left, she saw Victor and Lucia, still roughly fucking on stage. A look of orgasmic oblivion was plastered on her cute face as Victor, wearing his cocky victory grin, relentlessly drilled her from behind. Gina couldn't help but feel a little flame of jealousy burning in her heart, as well as the irritating, unacceptable fact that she had lost tonight. She had really tried and compromised her dignity and principles a lot. And she had still lost. She stood frowning at the door for a minute, watching the raunchy ongoing sex show.
Finally, Victor forced Lucia down to the hilt and held her there, her groans of pleasure deafening as his thick cum overflowed her tight pussy and splattered to the floor. Just at that moment, Victor looked up, locking eyes with the furiously watching Gina. He flashed her a smile and winked. Gina gave an angry huff and whirled, leaving the strip club behind her.
...
It was early in the morning by the time Renee made it back to her house, tired but satisfied. She had changed back into her innocent-looking pajamas before she arrived, just in case their little camslut had woken up. But Kissy was still fast asleep, so she was able to indulge in a little debrief session with Melissa over some wine.
They could barely restrain their giggles as Rene described how she had left Daren: goat-masked, covered in her dad's cum, tiny dick all locked up, and still somehow thinking he was on a mission to save his wife.
"Oh my god!" wheezed Melissa, "You are seriously some sort of genius at this Nene. I bet even your Dad can't have been this good at your age." She leaned forward, eyes glowing with curiosity. "But what's in the pills?"
Renee smiled and tried to look modest. "Oh, you know, nothing major. Some hot pepper to make him feel like he's got a fire inside. More of my Dad's cum. I think I spit in the mixture as well. But most importantly, a little herbal remedy. It will increase his body sensitivity by tenfold, and send his horniness off the charts. It's normally only prescribed to women. It's actually pretty fucked up and irresponsible to give it to a man; he's going to get hard from everything. If he sees a particularly curvy tree his tiny cocklette will be raring to go. Then, he'll cum just from his little dick rubbing against his undies. If you thought he was a preemie before, watch out. It's going to be a humiliating hell for him."
They clinked their glasses in celebration and drank.
"But what about our little showoff in the making? How did our tech demonstration go?" Said Renee, back to business.
"Great. She squirted all over your bed! Get this," said Melissa, a look of pleased shock on her face, "She even asked if we could write her some scripts so she could demean herself better! This girl already has a humiliation kink a mile wide."
"Hmmmmm." Said Renee with a purr, "I definitely think we could get some scripts in her hot little hands. I have some ideas already. More importantly, how did the modified website look? Convincing?"
"Perfect." Said Melissa flatly, "No one would be able to tell the difference if they didn't know the original URL. I was able to connect her directly to Peter. I already sent her the link to our version of the website. If we are monitoring the situation, we can force her to connect to any individual or pool of watchers that we want. The other side is already set up."
"Good." Said Renee, suddenly tired. She wondered how things had gone tonight on her dad's end. If things were going to plan, then Gina should finally be ripe for the picking about a week from now, after being forced to go cold turkey from her new addiction to Victor.
"Get the fuck out of my house Melissa." Renee said without heat.
"Aww, really Nene? We told the slutbag in there this was a sleepover."
"I'll tell her you left early. Bye."
Melissa looked a little disappointed as she left, but she couldn't contradict Renee. Just as it should be. Renee's performance had been draining, and she didn't want to be around people anymore tonight. Well, around real, full people at least.
She slipped quietly into her bedroom, the dim light from the hall revealed Kissy, curled up in a loose ball on top of a fluffy comforter. Renee left the door open, admiring her property. Man, this girl's porny body could make something as innocent as sleep look like an explicit invitation to sex. Her huge tits rose and fell softly with her breath, and her face was scrunched up into a look of concern. A nightmare? A wet dream? At this point, probably both.
Renee removed her clothes as well, then climbed into bed, snuggling her hot little body up against Kissy's big curvy one. Let her see this sexy scene as she woke up. Renee had already had a lot of success mixing up Kissy's sexuality. Waking up to the stunning view of Renee's nude body would be another brick in that wall.
That close to Kissy's embarrassingly enormous udders, Renee couldn't help but take a little taste. She popped a big pink nipple in her mouth and swirled her tongue around slowly and gently. She watched as Kissy's eyebrows lifted in the center, an expression of absolute bliss. Soft little sleep moans came from the back of Kissy's throat, and she began to arch her back slightly, straining towards the sensation. Look at this randy little slut, thought Rene fondly, she had come so far already. And she still had a long long way to fall. Renee had already decided to cancel all of her side projects. The Harlowe family was her only hobby for now.
Renee heard the sleep moans getting more intense and backed off before Kissy woke up. The nipple emerged from her soft lips shining-wet and rock hard. Kissy made a little sound of frustration and shifted in her sleep. Soon my pet, thought Renee. Soon I'll make you cum as much as you want. Renee snuggled in closer, feeling her soft skin rub with Kissy's. She placed her head on a huge pillowy breast and closed her eyes. Just wait Kissy, she thought while drifting off, if you think things have been going bad for you so far, watch what happens now that you have my full attention. The next step was to crush all her hopes and dreams. There could be no escape for her little subbie slut.