This is my entry for theSummer Lovin' Story Contest 2023. Thanks to SirHugs for the title suggestion which was enough to start the imagination.
===
"Hi Dad, watcha doing with the Y-block?"
Mick smiled at his daughter's voice behind him. "Hi Poppy. You're the whiz-bang mechanic. You tell me."
Sarah leaned over her dad's shoulder and looked at the freshly honed bores. Frowning, she picked up a vernier calliper and carefully measured the hole. Straightening up, she said, "Looks like a sixty thou overbore on a 272, and with those aluminium heads over on the bench I'd say someone's getting a nice engine for Christmas. You checking the hone marks?"
"Yep. And got it in one. Old Nev's finally decided to do up his Customline. You remember Nev?"
Sarah nodded. "He's got that '58 with the Ford-o-matic. His dad bought it new, then gave it to him back in the 70s. Wasn't that one of your first rebuilds? Nice car, but it was blowing more smoke than Puffing Billy."
"That's it. While the engine's out, he wanted to warm it up a bit, put in a C4, disc brakes, power steering and some suspension."
"A repaint? And why not take it out to a 292? Should be enough meat in the block."
"Nah. Keeping the slightly weathered look, and he just wants it nicer to drive for him and his grandkids. He reckons he's too old for drag racing."
"Fair enough. That'll be a nice ride. Glad he's not going to paint it. It's got character."
"True. Not many around with the original red and white tricolour paint job. Anyway," Mick said, turning off the torch he had been using to examine the engine and waved her towards the tearoom, "Cuppa?"
"Yes please, but I'm intrigued why you asked me here, all mysterious like."
"Yeah. About that..." Mick made them both a mug of coffee and sat at the table.
Sarah was nervous. Whatever he wanted, it had to be big. It was rare that he ever made coffee for anyone, and it usually preceded bad news. She sat and took a sip of the awful instant coffee that had been a staple of her dad's workshop as long as she could remember.
"I've decided to sell this place and move."
Sarah looked over her mug and raised her eyebrows. This was big news. Her dad had been adamant he would never sell his shed, his happy place. "Oh? Didn't expect that. Why?"
Mick shrugged. "A developer offered me a silly amount of cash, plus a big discount on a factory he's building about five minutes away. I know he's been talking to the others in the area, so I reckon he's trying to buy everything around here for a big development. Seeming you've decided to become a mechanical engineer and not take over the business, I might as well move to somewhere less breezy in winter. Anyway, the new place is about the same floor area but no room out the back to store vehicles..."
"Junk. And I want to work for a Supercars team." Sarah corrected.
"Spares. I know. Don't blame you. I would too, given half a chance."
"Junk. Not having room for your so-called spares isn't a bad thing. The rest sounds good. What's the catch?"
"Well, there's something else. Not really a catch though. We have to move by Christmas, and Bob's going to retire at the same time."
Sarah slowly lowered her mug. "You're kidding. Retiring? Seriously? Wow. That's no good. The place won't be the same without him."
"Geez, I thought having to move would be upsetting, not Bob going."
"But I like Bob. He's practically family. He taught me how to soup up my first go kart, and how to drive it properly. You're not really going anywhere."
"Hmph. Thanks kiddo, that makes me feel soooo wonderful."
Sarah poked out her tongue and blew her dad a raspberry. "Oh, you know I love you. Wow, that is some huge news. So are you having a farewell party for Bob and this place?"
"Guess so. Haven't really thought about it." He sat back and scratched his head. "I suppose we can set up the barbie out the back, invite a few of his friends and our best customers over, crack a few beers and spin some yarns."
"Yeah, Bob loves telling a story." Sarah looked around. "Speaking of Bob, where is he?"
"Gone to look at a new car transporter. He plans to travel around race tracks either as a volunteer scrutineer or racing in super sedans. Should be back in an hour or so."
Sarah laughed. "He started on the racetrack, he'll end on the racetrack. Hmm, maybe that could be the theme for the barbie. Get together some old race car bits for display, maybe run some videos on the tele."
"That's not a bad idea. Bob loves talking about his time at the track." Mick swirled his coffee around his old enamel mug. "Look, I'm going to be busy getting things in order here. Could I please leave that to you? If you don't mind?"
"Yeah, I suppose so. I'll have a chat to Bob and try to pull some stories out of him. Not that he needs much prodding."
"True. Tell you what, he's got some stories he'll never have told you before. See if you can pull those out. They'll make your hair curl."
===
"Can't believe you're retiring. How long have you been with Dad? As long as I've been alive."
Bob nodded and tapped the ash from his cigarette into an upturned piston. "Started in '93. You came along in what, '95?"
"Close, early '96."
"There you go. Twenty seven years old. Where's the time gone?"
"Well, for me, go karts, Formula Fords, then uni. What about you?"
"Oh, this and that. Nothing special, just the odd job here and there until I figured your dad needed some serious help running this joint." Bob took a deep draw from his smoke and tried to stifle a cough. "Bloody hell, that's getting annoying."
"Must have been more than the odd job, looking at some of the photos above your workbench. Plus, you really knew how to wring the most out of my FF. Look," she said, trying to get past his shell, "you've been here forever but I don't really know much about you pre-here and now you're going. You're a big part of my family, Unca Bobs. I really want to know what cool and stupid things you've done in the past and what's your plan for retirement. Dad said you plan to follow the Super Sedan circuit. If that's true, I want to meet up now and then."
Bob sighed and ground his butt into the piston. "Fair enough, I guess. I just don't think my past is all that interesting. Grew up on a farm outside Yackandandah, tinkered with old junked cars, got a job with the local mechanic. Not really any apprenticeships in those days, you just dug in and did things. Bounced around from place to place, and managed to get some work with race outfits." He lit another smoke, then started a deep, hacking cough. "Fuck... Oh, sorry Sarah."
She waved away his concern about his language. "I'm a big girl Bob. Nothing I haven't heard before, but are sure you're alright? That's a wicked cough."
"Actually, don't tell anyone, especially your dad. Not yet. I don't want to put this on you, but I have to let someone know just in case things go really pear shaped." He held up his cigarette by the filter. "These aren't called cancer sticks for nothing."
"Shit."
"Yeah. That's pretty much what I said."
"Bad?"
"Is there a good version?"
"No, I guess not. I'm sorry Bob. I... Umm, sorry."
He shrugged and butted out his smoke. "Thanks. Look, it's fine. It's a shit way to go, but I've had a hell of a good life so far, and I plan to make the most of the rest. Your dad selling up just gave me the shove I needed. Anyway," he said with a sigh, "sad to say, but I've still outlived a lot of people better than me in this game who've died far too young off the track. Sabine Schmitz - great driver, and I wouldn't have minded taking her out for a spin if you don't mind me saying, Graham Hill - airplane crash of all things, James Hunt - best driver I've ever met, Garrie Cooper - that guy was a bloody brilliant designer. Wasted in Adelaide. Probably others, but I forget. Getting old."
Sarah slowly nodded, then stopped. She stared at Bob. "Hang on. Did you say you met James Hunt? The F1 driver James Hunt? The James Hunt from the movie 'Rush' James Hunt? Hunt the Shunt, Hunt?"
"That's him. For a Pom, he was ok. Couldn't believe it when I heard he'd died of a heart attack. I was sure it would have been syphilis."
"But... Where? How? I mean, did you do a trip to Europe or something?"
"Yeah, nah, nothing so exciting. I was working with Elfin back in '78 and some joker at Winton decided it would be a good idea to throw a bucket load of money at him to drive at a F5000 race there. They asked us to provide a competitive car and the pit crew. I was lucky enough to go along."
"Why is this the first time I've heard of this? I've heard all sorts of stories from you, but you forgot to mention you crewed for a legend of the F1 world?" Sarah exclaimed. "Wow. That's awesome. What was he like?"
Bob stood to make himself a coffee. "You want one?"
Sarah shook her head.
"As a driver, brilliant. He drove that thing beautifully and each time he pitted after a test lap, he gave us crystal clear instructions on what we needed to do to improve the car. He blitzed the field, and the car came back like it had never touched the track."
"And what about his... partying? He was pretty wild, from what the movie said."
"Oh, you have no idea. He was something else. I mean, he had the looks, the attitude, charisma in buckets. Women just flocked to him. His son reckons he slept with around five thousand women. That's just staggering and completely believable. I don't know where he got the time or energy." Bob chuckled and smiled at the memory. "He was pretty generous too. He made sure we were all looked after, on and off the track. Reckoned we made him look good. It was bullshit, but it made us feel pretty special. He could have won Winton racing a billy cart."
"Wish I could have seen that race. Winton's tricky enough in my Ford. How he managed to push a five litre monster around the old short track would have been something to see. And having the chance to talk to him. That would have been amazing."
"Yeah, he was very happy to chat about race craft, but believe me after five minutes you would not have been talking about tyre pressures. He just had that effect on women."
"I'm not some starry eyed track slut. I'm sure I would have been able to keep it professional."
"Language... And I doubt it." Bob took a sip of coffee and weighed up his next words. "Look, I suppose you're old enough for me to be a bit rougher with my stories, and you've hung around the tracks so there's nothing I'm going to say that should shock you. You being a racer is precisely why after five minutes you would have been naked in the back of his limo getting it on with James. It happened more than once and with more than one at a time. I watched it. Couldn't believe it. Grid girls, track marshalls, spectators, anyone under thirty and pretty was fair game for him."
"Anyway, I still doubt I'd do that but I guess we'll never know. That sort of thing just wouldn't happen nowadays."
"True. Now drivers are all drinking their protein shakes, running marathons and going to sleep by ten instead of giving a protein shot, horizontal dancing and partying all night." Bob looked past Sarah, a wistful look on his face. "Things had to change, and we had some good end of season do's, but the one after that Winton race was something else."
"What, at the track? Or in Benalla? Can't see James kicking on at the Farmers Arms."
That made Bob laugh. "Yeah, although as long as there was women and grog, I think he would have been happy anywhere. No, he went back to Melbourne after he signed a few autographs, shook some hands and took care of some of that other business. Thing was, he invited us all back to his hotel to party on there."
"Really? That was nice of him."
"Yeah, but I think it was an act of self preservation. He had a suite in the old Southern Cross hotel, and when we got there, it was packed. He'd asked us to roll up in our white overalls and when the four of us arrived, he pointed us out and said we were the best crew he'd ever had, and he would be grateful to anyone who'd show us a good time."
"You're kidding. And?"
"We were swamped. We didn't know what hit us. Like, none of us were, umm, unpractised, but we normally had to work at getting something happening. Suddenly, I think it was like eight, maybe ten women launched themselves at us. Scared me shitless. Didn't know what was happening."
Sarah burst out laughing. "Oh, that's funny. Four tough mechanics frightened by a bunch of horny women."
"If I may be a bit blunt, what would you think if a bunch of horny guys came rampaging towards you wanting just one thing? Those women were feral. Gorgeous, but completely off the chain. Anyway, James had rented a couple of extra rooms, so we headed off for a very, very good time." Bob sipped his coffee and smiled at Sarah. "Never told anyone that, not even your dad. Bloody hell, what a night. Just when I thought I was done, another bird would come along and charge me back up, then I'd be off to the races again."
"Sorry for poking fun at you Bob. I see your point, but it was a funny image. Very Benny Hill-ish. Four mechanics being chased down a hall by a bunch of scantily clad women to that theme tune."
"Yeah, guess that would seem pretty funny. Anyway, a very good night was had by all and I doubt I'll ever see anything like that again. More's the pity. Nevermind." Bob finished his coffee and stood. "Well, kiddo, thanks for the chat. I'd better talk to your dad and see what he wants to do about my old workbench. Can't see him wanting to lug that lump of firewood to the new joint."
"No worries Bob. And thanks for being up front with me. About everything. I'll keep it quiet until you tell me it's ok."
===
"A barbeque - sure. A bonfire using his old bench - ok, I can see that. But you want to do what???"
"Take him back to the '70s. Specifically, the '78 Rose City 10000 at Winton. That was the highlight of his racing career, driving or crewing," Sarah said.
"I get that bit. I get we can paint your car in similar livery to Hunt's Elfin. I get you've got a couple of friends that are happy to dress up as grid girls from the day and waitress for us, but then to have them... available to everyone? Are you nuts? Where did you get such an idea? And what would Bob think of it? Seriously, Sarah."
Wounded, Sarah said defensively, "I think it's a good idea, and I got it from Bob. Sort of. He's, well, got a lot on his mind and opened up to me a bit more than normal. Bob told me some of the things he got up to, and you're right. He didn't go into the fine details, but it was pretty out there. I just think it's the right thing to do. For him. Our friend and almost family."
"I don't know. If your friends are that keen, why not just introduce the pair to him and let things go the natural way?" Mick rubbed his temples and slowly shook his head. "This'll be hard to put on the invitation."
"I thought about that, but Jax and Cindy said they'd prefer to work outside with everyone. They like performing for a crowd. Working with one guy doesn't do anything for them."
"But... I was going to invite some women. What'll they think?"
"I'm a woman and I think it's a great idea. Bob'll love it. Just put on the invite there'll be very adult entertainment on the night. Everyone should get the hint, or at least call to ask what's going on."
"I know you're a woman, but sometimes I really worry about you and your wild streak, Poppy. What would your mum think?"
"I got that streak from you, and she's in Noosa with her new dipshit husband. I don't care." Sarah crossed her arms and glared at her dad. "So, are we going with the full gang bang or just having the girls wander around? Either way, it doesn't matter. I have to keep their cars on the road for the next twelve months."
Mick sighed and rubbed his head again with his fingers. Moving thirty years of accumulated items was nothing to dealing with the ideas his daughter was coming up with for Bob's retirement. "Fine, fine. I really don't like it, but you seem to be set on it for some reason. Just try to keep it reasonably tasteful, ok?"
"Of course. Cindy said they get quite a few women watching their very tasteful act at the club." Sarah kissed her dad's cheek. "Good choice. Would you like me to call everyone and let them know exactly what's going to happen?"
"I think that's a very good idea."
===
Jax picked up a screwdriver and ran her fingers over the handle. "Look, it's no worries Mick. Saz explained what the deal was, and we're happy to help. Honestly, we owe her big time for keeping our shit boxes roadworthy. I'd be screwed without a car, no pun intended. There's no buses where I live. I think this'll be your limit, Cind."
Cindy took the screwdriver and put it in her mouth. She ran her tongue over it, nodded, and placed it on a clean towel with other tools that had passed their examination. "I'd say so. Certainly for anal. Nice and smooth though. Quality tools." The little blond turned a radiant smile onto Mick, who immediately melted. "Do you have any tiny alligator clips? You know, for hooking onto wiring? They're great for clipping onto our nipples and labia."
"Umm, yeah, I'm sure I can find a new set. Back in a tick." Mick wandered off mumbling, "I cannot believe I agreed to this. What the hell was I thinking?"
"Your dad seems a bit tense about this. Should we do something to relax him?" Jax asked.
"Up to you. I don't think he's been on a date since mum left. Personally, I really don't want to be around if you make something happen. Seeing my dad's willy just seems... icky."
Jax and Cindy laughed and went back to examining tools to use in their show. The three had discussed Mick's concerns, and decided that a lesbian floor show during dinner would be a good icebreaker. Cindy said she noticed that most women visiting the club were ok with girl on girl action, but if they invited an average guy from the audience on stage, the women didn't seem to be as interested. They figured working each other over with some selected workshop tools would keep to the night's theme and make things different for everyone's enjoyment.
Bob's old bench would be their stage. It was a large, solid timber structure Bob had built himself when he first arrived. It had seen many things on it, but the women were pretty sure this would be new. After their lesbian act, Jax and Cindy would accept all comers.
"Here you go Cindy. Brand new, just out of a multimeter I bought. Hope they're ok." Mick dropped a pair of shiny, sharp toothed alligator clips into her hand.
"Thanks." Cindy took one and bit the meat between her thumb and forefinger. "Ooo, geez. They are bitey. Jax, do you want to test them?"
"Sure." Jax took the clips and went to place one on her hand, then she stopped. "No time like the present. Mick, can you hang on to these for a sec?"
"Sure."
"Ta." She dropped the clips into Mick's hand, quickly removed her tee shirt and bra, then pinched her nipples. "Ok, can you carefully put one of those on me while I stretch my tits? It's hard to do everything by myself."
Mick stared at the nice handful of mid-20s tit flesh in front of him. He unconsciously licked his lips and dragged his eyes to his daughter's friend's face. "You sure? They'll hurt."
Jax shrugged, which made her boobs deliciously wobble. "I know. I don't mind a bit of pain in the right circumstances. Sharpens the mind."
"Well, if you say so. Personally, I wouldn't want these anywhere near my sensitive bits."
Jax just smiled and pressed her breast down with one hand and stretched her nipple with the other. "When I'm excited, they pop up more. Just carefully let them close, but I'll tell you if it's too much."
"Ok Jax." Mick glanced at his daughter, who just gave him a grin. "I'm going in." He slid the jaws over her hardening nub and gently let them close.
Jax hissed as the teeth bit her tender flesh. "Fuck, they are sharp. Yeah, keep going, slowly... All the way, please. God yeah, they are wicked."
Mick slowly withdrew his hand and Jax her's. It crushed the nipple under the jaws with the tip turning a deep red. Jax panted as the painful sensation surged through her breast. "Cind, I want these but not for the party."
"Long and slow sessions at work?"
"Oh yeah. Better get some cheap ones for the night." She quickly removed the clip and groaned in relief as blood rushed into the area. "Mick, I think they may have drawn blood. Can you please check? I can't really see. Unlike short and boobie over there, I can't get eyeball to nipple."
Cindy poked out her tongue and stuck up her middle finger. "Jealous."
"Uh, sure." He bent forward to examine the abused teat. "Well, umm, they certainly left a mark. The skin may be broken, but it's hard to tell..."
"You can touch it, Mick. I don't mind at all. I'd like to know for sure."
Mick nodded and gently placed a hand on her breast, pulling the skin tight. Jax's nipple popped up allowing him to nudge it around. "Yeah, teeth marks Jax. Definitely blood."
"Ok, thanks. Umm, Mr Kerr? Could you please kiss it better? It's still stinging."
"Well, umm..." Mick glanced around. Cindy had her arms crossed over her chest and a broad smile on her face. Jax had a sad, 'I've got a boo-boo' expression he knew from years gone, and Sarah was studiously examining the rafters. "Sarah Jane - you can't pretend you're not here. You started this. Deal with it."
"Ooo, he used your full name Saz. You're in trouble," laughed Cindy.
Mick turned back to the boob in hand. Taking a deep breath, he extended his tongue and circled it over Jax's areola. A faint metallic tang hit his taste buds, confirming blood had been drawn. Her nipple started to rise, and he decided he should apply some gentle suction to help it up. One side of him wondered if this was the right thing to do. Jax was the same age as his daughter and was her friend. On the other, in any other situation, it wouldn't have bothered him at all. It was just having Sarah watch that freaked him out a bit.
"Thanks Mick. That feels heaps better, but could you please do the other one? Just to balance things up."
Mick gave the wounded nipple a last kiss and moved to the other. He gave that the same care and attention that the first one had received, which by Jax's slight moans, was right on the money.
Finally he gave her a kiss and stood up. "Hope it feels better, Jax. I definitely could taste blood."
"Yep, the sting's gone. You work wonders. Thanks." She put on her shirt and stuffed her bra into the band of her shorts. "Let's have a look at this bench."
Mick pointed to the workbench at the other end of the shop. "That's it. Solid beast. I'll need to get a forklift to move it to the yard." He looked at the girls walking either side of him. Cindy was a bubbly blonde who only came up to his shoulders. She reminded him of Barbara Windsor in her early "Carry on" days. Slim, but wielding a pair of tits that seemed oversized for the body carrying them. She certainly wasn't afraid of showing them off. Where Jax had kept her much smaller pair under control, Cindy had bounced into the workshop wearing a tight pair of bike shorts and a split sided tank top that did nothing but cover her nipples.
He would have preferred sucking on Cindy's tits. He liked larger boobs, but the main reason he had been reluctant was Jax reminded him a lot of Sarah. About the same height and body shape, and it seemed they had similar personalities. Thoughtful, prepared to take controlled risks, but with a keen sense of humour. He could see how they got on so well.
"Just out of curiosity, why'd you two get into this, umm, business?" he asked.
"Just like any other job. We needed the money," said Cindy. "I was working as a checkout chick, but as soon as I turned eighteen, my hours were cut and my roster was all over the place. It made it hard to study, and when uni decided to do night classes, that was it. I had to find something else. Anyway, a friend of a friend invited us to a girl only strip show. Stage and audience. I think a lesbian couple were getting married and had arranged the night specially. Well, I got talking to one of the performers after her session and I thought I'd give it a go. I like my body and I don't mind showing it off. The money's fantastic, and the hours suit me. I'm not that keen on the sex with a heap of guy's side of things, but that's ok. I'm happy to put out for special occasions. Getting gang banged regularly is more Jax's thing."
Surprisingly, Jax blushed. "That's not true. You make me sound like a sex addict."
"Maybe not, but you got Saz to build a fucking machine for you." She turned to Mick and whispered loud enough for everyone to hear. "She doesn't come unless something's ramming long and hard into her cunt. And one guy rarely is enough to do that."
Mick tried to stifle an unmanly giggle. The way these two talked openly about their sex lives was just unbelievable to him, but it was refreshing. "So Poppy, what did you use for Jax's tool?"
Sarah looked over with a start. She had tuned out of the conversation, and hearing her nickname made her jump. "Oh, ah, I used a battery powered reciprocating saw. I modified the speed control so Jax could lie down and tweak the speed without sitting up. Quick change tool attachments, works really well. So I'm told..." she hurriedly added and blushed herself.
An unwanted image floated into his mind which he quickly replaced with a long stare at Cindy's side boob. "Would that happen to be the saw I've been looking for, for the last six weeks?"
"Yeah. Sorry Dad. You'd never used it, so I thought I'd modify it for someone that would."
"Ok, that's fine I guess. Just ask next time before pinching my gear, ok? I knew I had one, and it was driving me crazy searching for it. As long as it's getting used for a good purpose."
"Regularly Mick, and flat out until the battery dies. Would you like to see a video of it in action?" Cindy asked.
Mick held up a hand. "No thanks. Well, not know, maybe later. It's tempting, not gunna lie, but we'd better get the bench sorted first."
"Fair enough. We usually sell the vid, but I'm happy to email you a link, if you want."
"Umm, ok. Sure. Why not? Anyway," he slapped his hand on Bob's workbench. "This is Bob's beast bench. Four by four-inch red gum legs and the rest good old mountain ash with a sheet steel top. It's built at the height he wanted to work on things. He's very particular about his work area."
"That is solid," said Jax, examining it. "It's a shame to burn it. There's a lot of good wood I could use."
"She's doing art at uni." Sarah explained to her dad's unspoken question. "Particularly sculptures."
"Ah." he replied. "Sounds a better fate than a funeral pyre. Do you think Bob would mind handing it over?"
"Not after what we have planned for him. He'll want it turned into a monument." Cindy said, laughing.
Sarah nodded. "I think he'd like to know it had a life beyond here."
Jax tried to shove the bench. It didn't move. She wrinkled her nose and looked at her hands. "Saz, have you got something to throw over this. I want to bend over it, but it feels oily."
"Sure." Sarah looked at her dad. "The rug in the coupe?"
Mick nodded.
"Oh, for fuck's sake Jax. You can be so precious at times." Cindy stripped off her clothes, walked up to the bench and dropped her tits on it with a loud slap. "Well, definitely too low for me. It might be ok for you giraffes. Mick," she said, turning around, "can you please give a lift onto the bench?"
He took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "Sure, Cindy." He grabbed her hips and lifted her onto the top.
"Ooo, that's cool on my bum," she giggled, squiggling her arse. "Hmm, it actually looks like I'm too high." She pulled her feet up onto the bench, displaying her gaping vagina to Mick who groaned quietly in delight.
Jax looked thoughtfully at the two. "Yeah, from the large tent in Mick's shorts to your cunt looks around 200 mill. We'd have to drop it by say 300 to make sure everyone can get into us."
Cindy leaned forward and stretched her hand out from her vagina to Mick's bulge. "Good guess. My hand span is about twenty centimetres." She wiggled her little finger over Mick's pants. "Poor guy, getting teased like this. Not really fair."
Sarah came back and shook her head as she handed the blanket to Jaqueline. "Really Cind? You promised to keep your clothes on."
"In what universe?" chuckled Jax as she spread the rug over the bench, then bent over. "This isn't too bad. Probably just a bit high for a long fucking. Saz, how many are you expecting? Thirty rings a bell."
"Well, thirty guys and ten women tops. Haven't had all the RSVP's back yet."
Cindy stretched her arms out towards Mick, who lifted her down. "Thanks. Ok, so fifteen each. That's going to be well over an hour and I don't want to be standing for all that time. Suggestions?"
"Umm. Pallets. We could use wooden pallets and nail some plywood over the gaps." Mick was having a hard time holding a rational conversation. Cindy was twisting, trying to brush something off her bum which made her tits swing delightfully. "I'll grab them. The pallets, I mean. For testing, you know."
Mick dashed out the back door. Sarah crossed her arms and shook her head. "Sooner you than me. One guy over a night is enough for me. Maybe two good ones, but I haven't tried that yet."
"Where's your sense of adventure?" said Jax, looking under the bench. "Hmph. Timber's not dressed. Bugger, the steel will have to stay. I don't want splinters in my arse."
"Hey, I drive a racecar against a bunch of testosterone fueled guys. That's pretty adventurous, thank you very much."
"That's true." Jax admitted. "This will be easier than that. Lie back, and just let them in. You need to remind everyone it's vagina only, they must wear a condom, and a splash of lube is essential. Bob is the only exception."
"Yup. And your dad." Cindy giggled.
"Huh? What?"
"Jax and I reckon he can do us bareback. Like, you said he probably hasn't had any since your mum left."
"Urr..."
"You did realise he was going to be part of the team on the day, didn't you?"
"Umm... I never thought about it. I thought he'd be looking after the barbeque, not fucking you two. Shit. I was going to wander off soon so you could, you know, relax him now."
"Still gunna happen Saz, both times. Jax?"
"Yeah, I think so. Unless he does himself an injury trying to get those pallets here." Jax stripped off and placed her clothes, folded, on the end of the bench.
They looked over where Mick was struggling with three pallets loaded onto a wheelbarrow. Sarah ran over and helped balance the load.
"Bloody hell, these are awkward. Mind the splinters, they're pretty rough. Definitely need to cover them," Mick panted. "Oh. You're both naked. Am I missing something?"
"Nope," said Jax. "We're making sure you don't miss out on anything. Let's get these pallets down first."
Sarah and her dad moved the pallets beside the bench. Jax thought the best option would be to have one on the ground, and two stacked beside that one. "We can check and see which height is the best. Cind, you first?"
"Sure. A lift please?" Mick lifted her up again. "Now, that's warmer on my bum. So Mick, what do you reckon is the best height?"
Mick stood on the single pallet, then moved to the double. "I guess the double is about right for me."
"Great, so can you please give me a test fuck, just to make sure?"
"Sorry Cindy? A test..."
"Can you please put your penis inside me, purely for research purposes. I want to be fucked and see if we need any padding on this thing." Cindy lay back and used her fingers to spread herself.
"I'll just go and make coffee. Yeah, some coffee. Just give me a yell when you've sorted things." Sarah said as she hurried away. She'd seen her two friends perform before at the club they worked at. That was ok, especially as she was given free drinks. Watching them do each other and rando guys on stage didn't bother her, but watching her dad was a step too far. She was ok with being around Bob and the others. That didn't have the same ick vibe.
Cindy watched her go, then looked back at Mick. "Guess that's understandable. My parents sort of know what I do, but I'd be mortified if Dad turned up at a show. Anyway, drop those shorts please."
Mick bit his bottom lip and switched his glance between Cindy's pinkness and Jax, who was now sitting on the bench. "Both of you?"
Jax nodded at Cindy. "Yeah, of course. Give Cind a few strokes, then me. Then let's try doggy leaning over the bench and see how that works. You can come in either of us, or I'll give you a blow job. Up to you."
"Right. Ok." Mick dropped his shorts and rubbed his thumb over Cindy's clit. Her musk, mingled with the smells of the workshop, caressed his nose. It had been a very long time, and having two women waiting for his cock was something he had never dreamt would happen. He had started to droop, but the smell stirred him back to full strength. Mick gently pushed a finger into Cindy and rocked it. "You are very wet, Cindy. I thought you said Jax was the one who was keen on sex."
Cindy had closed her eyes and moaned quietly. "I love it, but with one person. This is nice but please, I want your dick."
"You're looking pretty good there, Mick. Go on, give it to her, then me." Jax said encouragingly.
Mick nodded and removed his finger. He held Cindy's hips, adjusted his aim, and pushed.
Cindy smiled as she felt him move into her. "God, I love that feeling. So nice."
"Feels pretty good from this side too," Mick said as he slowly slid in and out. He placed a hand on her hip and pressed his thumb against her mound. His other hand cupped one of the breasts he'd been admiring all day. "You have beautiful boobs Cindy. Watching them move is mesmerising."
Cindy giggled. "Lava lamp boobies. I'll take it, and that's a nice pace. Just keep that going for a while."
"No worries." Mick ran his fingers over her body, just enjoying the feeling of the young woman surrounding him. It was all slightly surreal though, him fucking Cindy and Jax watching, waiting for her turn. He looked at her boobs, rolling like the waves at a beach. Many times he had wanted to find someone else to have a bit of fun with, but he had convinced himself the opportunities weren't there. Having his dick buried in a young, willing woman with another one waiting made him think he should reassess his options.
Cindy sighed and stretched. "Well, I think you should switch and try Jax now. Her boobs may be smaller, but take it from me, she has fun nipples."
Mick looked at Jax, who was sitting back and slowly swirling a finger over her clit. He hadn't really noticed before, but Cindy was right. Her's were a soft pink and rose gently to a point. Jax's were much darker and were about the size of his little finger to his first knuckle. He squeezed both of Cindy's and kissed her stomach. "No worries, and thanks. I'll be back."
Cindy sat up as he pulled out. "We'll see. She has a hungry cunt."
Jax poked out her tongue. "Shuffle over you cow and let me get a bit of that sweet Mick cock in me. My ravenous pussy is craving man meat."
"See what I mean?" laughed Cindy and tweaked her friend's ear. "And don't go easy. She likes a rough ride."
Jax reached over and slapped Cindy's shaved mound. "An enthusiastic ride." She inched forward, so she was right at the edge of the bench. "How's that?"
"That's a good height." It seemed to Mick that he just fell into Jax. He pushed his cock against her, and once past her tight opening, there was just a light touch around him. Nothing like Cindy's tight grip. Still, she felt great. Every woman he'd fucked had all been different, but this was the first time he could do an immediate comparison. He went with Cindy's suggestion and fuck Jax hard. After all, the two obviously knew each other intimately.
He started thumping into Jax. Tip just in, then hard so his body crashed against hers. Jax groaned at each impact and nodded when he looked at her face. He wanted to grab her tits and twist her nipples, but they were tantalisingly just out of reach. Mick slowed so he could reach up, but Jax moaned and pleaded for him to keep going hard.
"Suck on mine, Mick." Cindy had straddled her friend and held her tits up.
Mick happily accepted the proffered nipple and held it between his lips. The day was just getting better and better. He was glad Bob had gone home early to meet with a buyer of some of his old racing gear. Having the two women to himself was great.
"Doggy Mick, better do doggy," Jax panted. She could feel his movements getting ragged and suspected he was about to come. As much as she would have loved to stay for a second round, the two women had work later that night and needed time to get ready.
Cindy leaned forward and kissed Mick's nose and moved away, leaving a slick over Jax's stomach. Mick pulled out and helped Jax down.
"I think the one pallet for me." Jax bent over the bench and spread her legs. Mick ran a hand over her arse cheek, then inwards. He pinched her clit and slowly rubbed her labia, tweaking the folds between his fingers. Patting her bum, he shoved his cock home and restarted his final effort. He grabbed her hips and continued to punch into her.
Cindy reached under her friend to stretch and twist her nipples. Jax groaned with pleasure at the attention she was receiving at both ends. Mick was managing to hold back, and Jax felt her orgasm rising, but in one split second, the dick in her twitched and splattered its cum inside her.
"And there you go. Thanks Mick, that was a good fuck."
Mick had closed his eyes as he came in his daughter's friend. Until now, he had serious reservations about Sarah's plan, but fucking these two had changed his mind. Hell, even the women he planned to invite were pretty open-minded and might enjoy a bit of time with these two.
"Shit," he sighed. "You have no idea how good that was. Thanks heaps."
Jax wrapped her legs around him and pulled herself up. "No worries Mick. Seriously, anytime you need a bit of relief give me a yell. I assume you're the same Cind?"
Cindy nodded and dropped off the bench. "Yep. Assuming I don't have classes or work, not a problem. Saz takes care of my car, I take care of her dad. Sounds like a good deal to me."
Mick carefully pulled out of Jax. "Thanks for the offer, girls, but that just seems weird to me. I'm always happy to help any of Sarah's friends with no expectations. Except for any major work, like an engine rebuild."
"From the lack of grunting, I assume you're all finished fucking each other. Who's for some quality coffee?" Sarah yelled from the kitchen.
"Me!" yelled Jax and Cindy.
"Yes, please." called Mick.
Sarah came back with four mugs on a piece of chipboard. "Jax, you're leaking what I assume is Dad on the floor. Dad, can you please turn away a bit and put your shorts on? It's just weird you being naked."
Jax looked down and laughed. "Yeah, thought I was dripping. Well, I'll clean it up in a bit if you find me a cloth. If I was at the club, I'd lick it up, but I don't think that's a good idea here."
"Only if you like sperm mixed with dirt and engine oil." Sarah said. "Anyway, are you all good for the night?"
Cindy nodded. "I think so. We can talk about how we should dress later. I'm thinking grid girls bikinis like in that poster." She pointed to an old poster above the bench.
"Yep. Sort of what I was thinking. Catch you tomorrow in the caf?" Sarah replied.
"No worries."
===
"Nonononono... She can't be crook. Not now." Sarah paced back and forth in the screened off area in the workshop they had set up to keep things secret. Even Mick didn't know exactly what the girls had planned.
"She's really sorry Saz, but a vomiting grid girl wouldn't be a good look. Plus," Cindy said, "there's something else. We're going to have to modify the night. I can't do thirty guys by myself. Fifteen was stretching it, no pun intended, and I was hoping Jax would take on a couple more. My fanny just couldn't do it."
"Yeah, yeah, I know. I hope Jax is ok, but geez, that's going to make a dent in the plan." Sarah looked at Cindy. "What the fuck are we going to do? I guess you could do a solo act and maybe just do Bob."
"I suppose. At least it'd be a show of some sort."
Sarah's phone went off in her back pocket. She looked at the screen and turned white. "Ah, shit. Dad said he's put out a tip jar for you two. He reckons there's over a thousand in it already."
"A thousand..." spluttered Cindy. "Seriously? Fuck..." She took a deep breath and grimaced. "Lube. Lots and lots of lube. And time. This is going to take forever."
"No, look, you can't do it all. It's not fair on you. I'm sure people will understand if we tell them what's happened."
"Yeah, but... A thousand dollars. That's not a bad night's work."
"That's about thirty bucks a fuck. That's a bargain for them."
Cindy sighed. "I know, but I made a promise to you and your dad. And it's not like I can call on another girl to help at such short notice."
Sarah bit her lip and tried to think. Everything had gone well so far. They'd repainted her Formula ford to look like the Elfin open wheeler James Hunt had driven at Winton in 1978, borrowed a heap of contemporary racing items to decorate the backyard, and they had a big screen running videos of car races over the same era. Jax had asked a uni friend who was doing fashion design to create Ansett orange bikinis that were shaped like the logo of the old car's major sponsor, and Sarah had sourced white mechanic's overalls and black helmets like Hunt's to complete the illusion.
And one dodgy prawn was about to send it all spinning off into the barriers. Sarah took a deep breath, then slowly exhaled. "I'll do it. I'll be Jax."
Cindy blinked in surprise. That was not what she had expected. Sarah had shown no desire to do their line of work previously, and this was not the time to start. She stood in front of Saz, put her hands on her shoulders and stared into her eyes. "Are you sure? This is not something to take lightly. The stage part should be fine - as long as you're ok with mutual pussy licking and fingering. The rest? Well, I've seen women on stage completely exhausted and close to tears after a gang bang. It takes a lot out of you, mentally and physically."
Sarah nodded slowly. "Look, neither has been on my bucket list but I don't see any other options to keep things the way we planned. I trust you to do the right thing and keep an eye on me, and I'll take your tip about lube. Lots and lots of lube."
"What about your dad and Bob?"
"Fuck. Yeah. Shit. I really can't tell Dad. He'd have a heart attack. Bob doesn't know this is happening, so we can't tell him either."
"And if they are lined up ready to have sex with you? You can't let your dad do you. But what about Bob?"
"Eww, no, not Dad but Bob... Ah, hell. Ok I guess, even though he's more of an Uncle to me. I think I'll have to keep my helmet on, though. Dad would freak if he saw what I was doing. I guess it's a good thing that Jax and I are roughly the same build."
"Ok, well let's hope my boobs distract your dad. There's no way you and I could be mistaken for each other. But yeah, boobs, particularly yours. You're going to have to keep your top on as long as possible. Your dad has seen Jax real close, and he couldn't mistake your pink inverted nips to Jax's brown pokies." Cindy sighed and rubbed her forehead. "Ok, well if you're sure, we'd better go through the plan. How long before we're up?"
"About an hour. Dad's going to send me a text when he thinks everyone is suitably primed and Bob's here."
"Right. Should be enough. Oh, have you shaved? Jax is clean."
"Well, no. Just trimmed."
"Good thing I keep a razor for tidying up. Grab some warm water and some soap."
Cindy pursed her lips and shook her head slowly as Sarah left. She hoped Sarah truly understood what she was in for. Even with lube, getting fucked for probably a solid hour or more was going to leave them very sore in the morning. It was a good thing they had insisted on vagina only. Adding blow jobs and anal would have been excruciating.
"Here Cind, water and soap."
"Good. Shorts off and spread 'em."
Sarah hesitated for a fraction of a second, then pushed her pants to the ground. Cindy knelt down and examined her pubic mound.
"You look good Saz, but let's get rid of this hair." Cindy lathered up her friend and quickly shaved her. "And you have a tat. Need to cover it with foundation."
"Yeah, forgot about that." Sarah squirmed as the razor sliced through her hair. "This is going to itch like crazy when it grows back."
"Yup. I just keep shaving, but Jax splurged and got lasered. Smooth as." She finished the cut, and stretched Sarah's labia, looking for loose strands. "Not too bad. Can you please bend over and spread your arse?"
"Sure, but I have to say this feels weird."
"Wait until I get a screwdriver in your clacker. Then tell me how weird that feels." Cindy finished up and wiped Sarah clean. "Right, that'll be ok for today. If you want to stay like this, Jax or I would be happy to help."
"Thanks, I'll think about it."
"No worries. Well, onto more intimate things. I assume a guy has fingered and licked you, but have you done the same?"
"Yes to the first, and no to the second. Never done that to another woman, but I know what I like. I guess just do the same to you? Oral's out because of my full-face helmet."
"Mmm. Yeah. Well, you're going to get a lot of my attention then. We'll need to just talk, tell each other how we feel. No point doing all this if we don't come."
"I think I'll be too nervous." Sarah glanced at the message that popped up on her phone. "Dad says the tip jar is at two-five now."
"Wow." Cindy put an arm around Sarah's waist and slowly rubbed her clit. "In that case, let's warm up here so you don't get stage fright and we can put on a great show."
===
The summer sun was dropping and Mick's guests were milling around, chatting and wondering what exactly was going to happen. Sarah had given them all broad hints that there would be a mechanic themed adult floor show by her friends, and they would be happy to show any of Bob's friends a good time, like James had requested years ago. Mick had expected some invitees to drop out, but it surprised him when nobody, especially the women, dropped out for that reason. The consensus seemed to be that it was Bob's night, and this would make him very happy.
Mick stood by the barbie and chuckled as a very confused Bob came through the back gate where two white overall clad women stepped beside him and linked their arms through his.
"G'day Bob. I'm Cindy, and that's Jax. We're here to make sure you have a fucking good retirement. You look like you need a beer."
"Umm, yeah. Yeah thanks girls, that would be good." Bob looked at the display in the yard and started laughing. "Stone the fucking crows. Sarah put you up to this, didn't she, the little tyke? Where is she? I'm going to give her an earful."
"She'll be around a bit later. There's something else she needs to sort out first, but never fear! We'll keep you entertained," Cindy said. The two women led Bob down to the barbeque, slapped his backside, and retreated to his old bench.
Mick handed him a stubbie while the guests applauded. "Well, you old bastard, you've hidden the fact you worked for an F1 legend and screwed half of Melbourne. So..."
The two women peeled off their overalls and posed beside the bench in their orange bikinis and black helmets.
"Seeming you apparently had a very, very good time at the 1978 Winton Rose City 10000, we thought we'd revisit it." Mick unfurled the Australian flag and held it above his head. "So everyone, start... your... partying!"
As the flag dropped and a cheer went up, Cindy removed her open faced helmet and slowly ran her hands down Sarah, kissing her bare skin. Sarah took a deep breath and tried to relax. It had seemed so simple back in the shed when Cindy had finger fucked her, but here, in front of people she knew? This was scary.
Cindy could feel how tense her friend was. "You're doing great, Saz. Keep your bikini on until you're ready, and I'll strip. Ok?"
Sarah nodded and grabbed Cindy's head when her friend's fingers ran up her inside thigh. Cindy stood and pranced around the bench, slowly undoing her bikini top. When she was sure she had most people's attention, she removed the cloth and dropped her tits into Sarah's waiting hands who slowly kneaded them, then slapped them together. Sarah turned to show the audience a photo of James Hunt on the back of her helmet, then crouched.
Cindy squeezed her boobs on the picture and sighed loudly, "Oh James, you English stud. Even now you shift my gears." She leaned over the bench and let her bottoms drop to the ground.
Mick and Sarah had primed the audience to be verbally obnoxious to suit the times, so a hail of wolf whistles and lewd comments followed the lowering of the bikini. Cindy looked over her shoulder and blew a raspberry at the crowd and swirled her backside after Sarah set the music playlist going. "The Stroke'' boomed out and Sarah grabbed a handful of bum cheeks, stretching them wide then squeezing the cheeks tight. Cindy leaned forward and let her tits gently swing as Sarah rubbed her crotch against her.
"Take 'em off!" a guy Sarah recognised as one of her dad's best customers called out. Cindy started to wag her finger at him, but Sarah slapped her arse.
"Has to happen sooner or later," she murmured. Sarah faced the heckler and gyrated her hips,slowly lowering her pants until the top of her fanny crack was just visible, then she quickly pulled them back up. She tapped the now crouching Cindy and poked her bum in her friend's face.
Cindy dragged the bikini down and kissed the bare arse. "Well done. That's always the hard part for newbies." She rested against the bench and caressed her tits while Saz massaged her own mound. "Give me a lift, then finger me."
Once on the bench, Cindy fell back with her legs vertical. Cindy put her hands between the ankles and slowly pushed the legs apart until they were flat against the bench. Hoots of approval came from the crowd now standing at a respectful distance from the performers at the appearance of her vagina. Cindy was pleased to see most of the guys, and quite a few of the women, were unconsciously touching themselves.
Sarah had noticed the same. To her, it was still disconcerting that these people, most of whom she had known for years, would soon enter her body. 'Suck it up, buttercup. It's your idea, and it's just this one time only,' she thought. She turned and rubbed the back of her helmet against Cindy's clit, then pulled out an oil can from under the bench. Sarah held it up on her palm for the audience to see, then pumped lube over Cindy's mound.
"Not on me, you silly girl. In me. These lovely people want to fuck us, so we need to be ready for all their hungry cocks and whatever these gorgeous ladies would like to use."
A murmur of appreciation went through the crowd at the confirmation of what had been implied. Sarah glanced at Bob, who had been watching and drinking his beer, slowly lower his stubbie and ask the guy beside him if he had heard right. The bloke nodded, and Bob shook his head, grinning.
Sarah went back to rubbing Cindy, who tried to pull her labia away from her hole. "No, this isn't working. I'm too slippery. Circuit Slut, you'll need to find something with a bit of bite to keep me open so you can lube my cunt."
Sarah grabbed Cindy's skin and pulled. It surprised her how slippery the water-based gel actually was. Saz rubbed the folds under her fingers and pulled again, but slipped off. She bent over and presented her own display to the audience as she rummaged through the toolbox under the bench. Finding the alligator clips attached to cables, she stood up and showed them to their audience, snapping them together to prove they had bite. What wasn't obvious was Sarah had carefully rounded the tips with a file so they were less likely to puncture the skin. She attached one clip to the upper part of Cindy's inner labia, pulled the cable around her thigh and snapped the other clip lower. Cindy grabbed her other side so Sarah could quickly attach the other clips. Cindy let out an exaggerated sigh and pulled her legs further apart. She heard a collective sharp intake of breath from most of the women watching, imagining what they would be like on their bits.
"Oh, that's good, Circuit Slut, but fuck me more. Make me cum." Sarah obliged with two fingers slowly squelching inside. "My clit, you know I need to have my clit played with. Polish it."
This wasn't exactly the plan, but she had to admit that Cindy knew how to read an audience and put on a good show. She again bent forward and rummaged in the toolbox, pulling out a small, triangular battery powered sander with a woollen polishing cover. Jax and Cindy had tried the various items to determine what would feel nice, and this tool was at the upper limit for Cindy. She had asked Sarah to use a very light touch initially.
"Oh, shit!" screamed Cindy as the fibres buzzed her. Sarah pulled up, but Cindy shook her head. "No, more. Give me more. And fill my cunt. I need a large tool to fill my hole."
Sarah nodded and let Cindy massage herself while she again scrounged under the bench. She held up two screwdrivers for the audience to see, then pushed the larger handle into the moaning girl's vagina, and the smaller into her arsehole.
"Oh, God Sa... Slut, this is really, really good. Intensity eleven. Work me girl, use me like you want to."
The pair had everyone's attention now. The crowd formed a semicircle around the two, some videoing the event, others just happy to watch. From what Sarah could hear, the consensus was this was the best retirement party anyone had been to. She was happy about that, and was settling down into her role. Getting Cindy to come was just a new challenge, no different to extracting the last scrap of power out of her 1600cc race car engine.
Not that she'd ever worked naked on her car.
Cindy carefully pressed the sander harder against herself, making her tits vibrate in time. The sander was more intense than any vibrator she had ever used, but the lambswool took some of the edge off the rubbing. She mouthed 'lube' at Sarah, who pumped a decent amount out of the oil can. Cindy nodded and relaxed back, her brain trying to process the sensations running through her lower body. The combination of the alligator clips biting her flesh, screwdrivers twisting and pushing, and the tit rattling vibrations was a novel feeling.
Sarah pushed the wooden handle of the screwdriver deep into Cindy, then twisted the tool as she pulled it out. It was a favourite of Bob's, which he'd found at a swap meet. An antique 12" Stanley from the 40's, but never used. Until now. She wondered if he had noticed it had disappeared out of one tool box and was now in another.
"Oh yeah, Circuit Slut, keep that piston pumping. That really does feel good," Cindy said, smiling. "A bit more oil in my exhaust pipe, and a touch on my speed bump."
Sarah nodded and quickly injected a squirt of lube in her partner's arse, vag and on her clit. She felt a pang of sympathy for the guys she'd harangued in the past for not managing to push her to an orgasm. This was hard work.
Cindy's breath started to come in short, sharp pants and she let the sander fall. A guy picked it up and placed it on the bench, after trying to surreptitiously pocket the lambswool polisher.
"Oi, Andy. I reckon Bob should have that. He'll need that for the lonely nights on the road," one spectator said.
"Yeah, guess so." Andy replied laughing, and went to hand the material to Bob, who waved it away.
"Nah, mate. She's right, you keep it. You need something to jerk off to more than me." He looked back at his bench where Cindy was moaning loudly as the helmeted girl alternately pushed and pulled the two screwdrivers. "Bloody good show. Did not expect to see this."
"Yeah, I thought Mick had been joking when he said there'd be a sex show tonight. Sarah sent me a text confirming that, plus confirming the two girls are happy to be fucked by everyone." Andy shook his head in wonder. "Can't believe that."
"Looking forward to that. They both look pretty good. Not sure why the tall one still has her helmet and top on. Ah well, maybe she doesn't want to get recognised."
"Not fussed about her face. She's got a nice arse. Very fuckable."
"True. Well, there you go. Looks like big tits came. On my screwdriver! Fuck me!"
Cindy was looking up at the sky, panting, while Sarah slowly ran her fingers up her inner thighs and removed the props. She lifted herself up on her elbows and waved to acknowledge the round of applause. "Thank you, thank you. I, umm, think we'll have a bit of a break before we come back for the fuckfest. Just a reminder, guys get one covered fanny fuck on either of us, girls - we'll have an assortment of toys or you can use what you have. See you soon!"
Cindy dropped off the bench, and the two scampered back to the workshop. Once they were inside, Sarah removed her helmet. "Geez, that was a rush but I don't know how you do this every week."
Cindy shrugged. "You race cars, we do things in front of an audience for the adrenaline. You did great, and thanks for helping me come. I thought that was a good time for a break."
"And I was just getting ready to get a shifter stuffed up my arse," Sarah giggled. "Seriously, that went longer than what I thought."
"Yeah, I was thinking that. Anyway, if you want someone to fill your box with tools down the track, give us a yell. So, we've got about an hour's break?"
Sarah nodded. "More or less. I'd better make an appearance, and I'll bring some food back. And I'll definitely arrange a night with you guys. I didn't mind playing with you at all."
"Sounds good. For me, I really don't care who's filling my hole as long as they know what they're doing. I might just steal that wooden screwdriver though. It's got some great ridges."
Sarah had quickly pulled on a pair of shorts and a shirt. "You can ask Bob about that. I'm sure you can convince him. Better go. Back soon."
Sarah went out the front door and hurried to the side gate, thinking furiously about how to explain her absence and why 'Jax' kept her helmet and bikini top on. She desperately needed a beer, but that was going to have to wait. This was uncharted territory, and the last thing she needed was to be even slightly impaired.
"Hi Bob, how's it going?" Sarah called as she came through the side gate.
"Hey, kiddo. Bloody marvellous. I'm assuming you had a hand in all this?" Bob yelled back, waving at the yard. "And those two girls, using my bench and tools. That is not what I expected to see."
"Yeah, nah, we wanted to do something different for you. The Winton story just stuck with me, so I ran with it." Sarah gave Bob a hug and grabbed a soft drink. "A couple of my uni friends said they'd help out, so here we are."
"Beer, friends, and two gorgeous women going for it. James would be laughing his head off wherever he is." Bob kissed Sarah's head and whispered in her ear. "Thank you Sarah. This will probably be my last Christmas, and it's one I'll remember."
"Shut up, Bob and drink that beer. You're too stubborn to umm, sit back and watch the world go by. Anyway," Sarah pushed him up and forced a smile. "That's for another day. I'd better do the rounds."
"Sure, kiddo. Sorry, didn't mean to bring things down. Thanks again. Catch you later."
"No worries." Sarah gave him a peck on his cheek and went over to the barbeque. "Hi Dad, any complaints?"
"Hi Poppy, no, everyone thought it was a good bit of fun. What's up with Jax, though?"
"Oh, ahh, a couple of days ago she was in close contact with someone at uni with the bug. It all tests ok, but she's wearing a mask under the helmet just to be sure. Adds a bit of mystery, don't you think?"
"Oh, ok. Hope she doesn't pick up anything. What about the bikini top?"
"Sore nipples from a new sports bra. Rubbed them raw after a run and Jax is a bit self conscious about how they look, plus they hurt."
"That's no good. Oh well, she's still looking pretty hot and mysterious. Just from what I've heard, there's going to be a queue for her."
"Oh? Umm, that's good. Cindy'll be happy to hear that."
"Yeah, well, I guess I helped in that regard. Cindy said Jax would be happy to do the bulk of the work, so I sort of suggested that Jax was a pretty good lay and didn't mind a hard bang."
'Crap,' thought Sarah, then said, "Oh, well, fair enough, but I was thinking maybe it would be better to balance it out. You know, time wise. You don't want Cindy sitting around, lonely."
"I doubt that would happen, but I'll leave that with you three to organise. Anyway, let the girls know I really appreciate their work, and so does everyone else. We'll see them back here after dinner."
"No worries Dad, I'll let them know. And good idea about the tip jar. They didn't expect that."
"Yeah, a couple of guys wanted to help out, so I just let everyone else know Jax and Cindy are trying to pay for uni. Not a bad outcome."
"Pretty good, alright. Anyway," Sarah said, holding up a tray of food, "I'd better get back. Catch you later after the deal is done."
"Oh, you're not going to watch?"
"No, I love you, but I don't need to see your bits going in and out of Cindy."
"Yeah, fair enough. But Jax. I'm doing Jax."
"What?"
"Yeah, Bob and I had a bit of a chat, and he likes Cindy so he's going to, you know, her, and I have Jax."
"But, you... Umm, came... In Jax, last time, so I thought..."
Mick looked curiously at his daughter. "You ok? What's wrong?"
"Nothing, nothing. It's fine. There was a plan, but it's fine. We, they can tweak things. Better go."
'Shitshitshitshitfuckfuckfuck...' Sarah thought as she hurried back. She blurted out to Cindy as she got into the workshop. "Dad's going to fuck me! Well, Jax me. Not me, me. You know what I mean. What the hell are we going to do?"
"Sorry, what? Oh. Shit. Well, that was a 50/50 thing, I guess. Ok. Call it off? You say you're sick? Mick's not your type?"
"Funny not funny." Sarah paced back and forth, slapping her hands together. "It was all just a bit abstract until now. Ok. A plan. Make a game to choose and rig it, maybe?"
"Yeah, that's good. Rock paper scissors wouldn't work. Cards. Got a deck of cards?"
Sarah nodded.
"Stack the cards with the aces in the middle. Mark the cards each side of them. Fan the cards out with the aces out and let Bob pick first. Highest card does you, and he's bound to pick an ace."
"That's a great idea Cind. I'll find the deck, and you have a bite to eat. I'm starting to feel better about this."
===
Mick rapped his tongs on the barbeque and yelled, "Good evening ladies and gentlemen, and I use those terms loosely. I hope you're all having a great night and don't worry, I'm not doing a speech. Our two lovely grid girls will be down soon for your, and their, pleasure. You know the rules, so play nice now. I have a litre of brake fluid for your car's bonnet if you don't. The gorgeous, long legged and mysterious Jax will be on the left, and the bubbly big boobed Cindy on the right. Believe me, both girl's vaginas are delightful, so keep the queue for both about the same. Jax will be keeping her helmet and bikini top on for personal reasons, but hey, look sideways at Cindy's bouncy tits. They're pretty spectacular. Oh, and those who want to fuck them doggy, be at the back 'cause Bob and I will be doing them last and bareback like that!"
"You ready?" Cindy asked.
Sarah took a deep breath and slowly exhaled. "No, but let's go."
The two stepped out of the workshop and waved at the crowd, who enthusiastically whistled and shouted their approval. Cindy shook her boobs and Sarah spun and shook her arse, which raised the noise level again. They reached the bench and bent over to gather the tools for the night.
"Fuck me, and I have to choose? They both look great," said an older, heavyset man.
"True, but I want to watch big tits scream as I make her come. I think I'll fuck her on the bench," replied his slightly younger friend.
"You're dreaming. I think I'll do the tall one from the back if she's keeping the helmet on. She's got a nice arse and I can get in hard and deep. The missus won't let me do that anymore with her crook knees."
"You tell her about this?"
"Fuck no. Not this bit."
Cindy jumped up on the bench and pranced around, raising a leg and flashing her inner pink while Sarah placed everything out. Condoms, lube, bins, and tools for the women to use as dildos. Once she was sure everything was ready, Sarah sat on the edge of the bench and slowly tilted backwards, opening herself up with her fingers. Cindy sat down and copied her, calling out, "Ok, so who's first?"
A woman Sarah judged to be in her mid-thirties quickly put up her hand and stepped forward. She stared at Sarah's vagina, then held up two fingers. "Hi Jax, I'm Kaila. These ok?"
Sarah nodded and propped herself up on her elbows. "Yeah, that's fine," she said, her voice muffled by a heavy mask she used when cleaning engines. "Just a touch of lube, please."
"Of course." Kaila dribbled some lube on Sarah's clitoris and smeared her fingers. "Nice night for a gangbang. Sooner you than me though, but it's a smart move letting us warm you two up first. These apes will just shoot off then go and brag about it." She smiled and slowly pushed her fingers in, while rubbing Sarah with her thumb.
Sarah groaned and let her head fall forward. Kaila obviously knew what she was doing, pushing and twisting, searching for the hidden button.
"I know you're on a schedule, but you need this now," Kaila rasped. "You're tense, way too tense. Is this ok? Tell me what you need."
"Good, it's good." Sarah whispered. She had met Kaila a couple of times in passing, but didn't know much about her. The intensity of her actions suggested she had an in-depth knowledge of female anatomy. Her fingers probed Sarah's front until they found a slight bump. Sarah moaned with pleasure and slowly lay flat.
"Good girl, your spot was easy to find. My girlfriend's seems to shift every time I look for it."
The crowd had moved around the girls, watching their cunts being used by other women. Cindy was teaching an older lady, who had been pushed forward by two of her friends, what Kaila was doing to Saz.
"You won't break it. Just stick your fingers in and wiggle them around. Pretend you're stuffing a chook."
"But it seems so... wrong. I don't do this."
"I know, but it's really no different to taking care of yourself."
"That's what I meant."
"Oh. Well Liz, you're going to have some fun when you get home, aren't you?"
Kaila was staring intently at Sarah through the heavily tinted visor. "You haven't been doing this as long as your friend, have you?" she murmured.
Sarah shook her head slightly.
"Thought so. Personally, I wouldn't let any of these dicks, well any dick, near me, but starting here is a brave, but smart move. A selected crowd, and good support. Can I lick you?"
"Yes."
"Thank you." Kaila dropped her head and slowly ran her tongue over Sarah's inner thigh. Sarah sighed and tried to relax. Kaila was right. She was wound up tight as a spring, and a bit of close attention wouldn't be a bad thing before fifteen guys went through her.
"That's it Liz. That feels great. Try the handle of the pipe wrench for a bit, but we're going to have to get a move on. These guys might come in their pants and may not get hard again."
"Ok Cindy, if you're sure." Liz picked up the tool and looked dubiously at it. "It's steel and pretty big."
"It's fine. Big and hard. Just what I like."
Kaila chuckled at Cindy's response and sucked on Sarah's clit, flicking her tongue over the pearl. Her fingers stroked the corresponding spot inside Sarah, making her moan quietly and slowly roll her hips in time. Under the visor, Sarah closed her eyes and tried to relax and let Kaila work her magic. She had never previously considered having a woman play with her sexually, but she now could feel the appeal. She took a deep breath as a wave of emotion slowly rolled over her. It was different to a dick induced orgasm, and just as satisfying.
"There you go. I felt that." Kaila leaned forward and kissed Sarah's mound. "Hope you enjoyed that, and good luck for the rest of the night."
"Thank you Kaila." Sarah reached down and stroked the woman's face. Kaila smiled and moved away to let the next woman play.
"There you go Liz, well done. You did something nasty to another woman, and the world didn't collapse."
Liz had been giggling uncontrollably as she shoved the wrench handle into Cindy, who grimaced with each push. One of Liz's friend's put a hand on her shoulder and gently removed the wrench.
"Carn Liz, you need to let someone else have a go." She smiled at Cindy. "Thanks. Not sure what we've started with her though."
Cindy shrugged. Her vagina hurt from the steel dildo that rattled around inside her, but she couldn't complain. She allowed it. "All good. Happy to help." Cindy looked at the crowd and asked if anyone else wanted to join in. A woman about their age was staring at Sarah's mons and hesitantly poking it, but the remaining women shook their heads.
"Ok let's get this show on the road. Guys, it's your turn." Cindy sighed and lay back, waiting for the first cock to enter. She really wished Jax was here. She had to give Sarah props for filling in, but Jax was fun to work with. Banter flew easily between them, and time passed quickly.
"Hi, umm... You sexy slut. Sorry... you know, it's part of the night. Anyway, I've been waiting for this. I'm covered and ready to cum."
Cindy tilted her head to check and smiled at the middle-aged guy. "All good. So have I, so lube me up and let's go."
The bloke held her thigh with one hand and slowly guided his dick into her with the other. He groaned in delight as he slowly slid his cock through her. "God, you're fantastic."
Cindy settled back and made appropriate noises. She quickly glanced sideways to see Sarah getting her first cock of the night. "Looking good, Circuit Slut. Way to work a dick."
Sarah grinned under the helmet and stuck a middle finger up at Cindy. She was feeling pretty good after Kaila's attention, and her first guy seemed to be a no nonsense bloke. Just a cursory nod, and in. It was very different to her usual sex, where she teased and drew out some worthwhile foreplay. This was good in its own unique way. No expectations. Just rutting by males.
Both blokes finished about the same time. Cindy's guy wailing "Oh God" multiple times, Sarah's just with a grunt and his thanks as he pulled out and dropped his condom in the bin. Neither girl had a chance for a breather before the next two men were riding them hard.
After the fifth, Cindy called time out for a break. "How you going?" she asked Sarah, who had been panting hard after the last, very long dick tried to puncture her insides.
"Not too bad. I didn't think just lying there would be so hard. I'm sweating like I ran a marathon." Sarah took a sip of water through a straw. "That last guy... Geez, what a whopper. He kept hitting my insides, and it wasn't pleasant."
"Yeah, I watched him wank, then put it in. He was a good length, but he seemed to enjoy making you uncomfortable. You meet your fair share of arseholes in this business."
"Mmm. Guess so." Sarah took a deep breath and quickly let it out. "Ok, let's go. No time to muck around. Five down. Ten to go."
Cindy gave her a hug. "Good girl. You're doing well. If you need to tap out, let me know."
"Thanks, but I should be right to hang in. Oh, hi." Sarah turned to a middle-aged couple she didn't really know, who coughed politely and approached them.
"Hi, I'm Amy and this is my husband Stuart. He's shy, but he'd like to have sex with you," she said, pointing at Cindy.
"No, please Amy, I'm ok just being part of the audience. I don't want to make a fuss."
"Now, Stuart, you said this lady has lovely breasts. Which she has, by the way."
"Thanks," Cindy replied, wondering what the two were up to.
"I'll, umm get back to work, ok?" Sarah stifled a laugh as she jumped up on the bench and waved the next guy forward. She had no idea what Cindy was in for, but it was going to be interesting to watch. She pulled her legs wide and opened herself up with her fingers. "Hi, I'm Jax. Welcome to my pussy."
Cindy watched Saz go, then turned back to the couple. "So what can I do for you? I'm not allowed to do anything special, you know."
Amy nodded. "Oh, that's fine. We understand you can't tailor your act for everyone, but I was wondering if I could stand by his side when he's... in you. Just so I can lend my support if he needs it."
"Well, that's ok I guess. I don't see a problem with that. I'll, umm, get ready."
"Oh, that's wonderful." She turned to her husband and rubbed his shoulder. "I knew she'd be a good sport. Now take your clothes off and start stroking your penis."
"Yes, dear." Stuart removed his gear and looked hungrily at Cindy. "You do look lovely."
Amy took a deep breath and tutted. "Oh, dear Stu. You can't do anything with your willy like that. What will this lady think, you trying to put that flaccid item into her? Let me help."
Cindy propped herself up on her elbows and watched Amy slowly remove her blouse, then step out of her skirt. 'This is a strange couple,' she thought, wondering what was next.
"Now I know my bosoms aren't as large as this young lady's, but you can squeeze them as I suck your cock. You like that, don't you?"
"Yes, I do, dear. Thank you."
Amy smiled and removed her bra, rubbing her tits on her husband's front as she slid down until her mouth was aligned with his wilted cock. She looked up at Cindy. "Be a dear and pass me down a French letter, please."
"Uhh, sure." Cindy said and tossed her a condom. Amy caught it and tucked it into the band of her underpants.
"Thank you, dear." Amy gave her husband a couple of tugs, then put her lips around his cock and started expertly sucking. Stuart placed his hand on her head, but stared hungrily at Cindy.
"You have a wonderful looking body, and such a tight looking vagina. I think I'm going to enjoy having sex with you."
"Umm, thanks?" replied Cindy, wondering what the story was with these two.
She wasn't alone. The guy banging Sarah slowed to a trot and asked, "Are they part of your act?"
Sarah shook her head. "I'm as confused as you about what's going on."
"Weird. Oh well, takes all sorts, I guess. Do you mind if I rub your clit?"
"True, and you can, but gently. It's feeling overused."
"I can imagine. Holy shit!"
Amy had removed her undies and was furiously rubbing her clit while deepthoating her husband. A murmur went through the crowd with the unexpected bonus on show. Amy and Stuart were known to a few of the attendees as prim and proper members of the local classic car club, with their car of choice being a bland 1962 Vauxhall Velox.
"I did not expect this," Sarah laughed. "Never would have picked them for exhibitionists."
"Not wrong. Like, I didn't expect to be banging a hot chick like you. I thought you'd be more like her. You know, been around the block a few times."
"Thanks. I guess. Go on, give it to me like you did earlier. That was good."
Amy stopped sucking her husband and looked approvingly at his hard cock. "That's better. I'll slip your cover on and you can enter the lady." She smiled at the audience, "And if one of you young lads would like to give me the pleasure of your penis at the same time, I wouldn't say no."
As Amy rolled the condom over her husband, a guy Sarah recognised as one of her fellow FF competitors elbowed his way forward and wrapped a protective arm around Amy. "Back off boys, I'm looking after Mrs Blanchard."
She patted her husband's arse and smiled at her protector. "Hello Thomas, I haven't seen you for a long time. I'm flattered you think I'm worth having relations with. And call me Amy."
"To be honest, umm, Amy, I've dreamed of this for years. Would not miss my chance for anything."
"Good boy. I like your enthusiasm for your old teacher." Amy clapped as her husband pushed his dick into Cindy. "Oh well done Stu, you piece of shit. That's it, use the whore like Thomas is going to use me. Except Thomas," Amy said as she bent over the bench, "you don't need any of those things with me. Fill me with your man juice. Use me hard."
Cindy slowly looked over at Sarah, who shrugged her shoulders. "Dunno. Go with it."
Cindy gave her a wry smile and went back to watching Stu fuck her and Tom fuck his wife. She had come to the conclusion a while ago that people were strange when sex was involved. Stuart was yelling at his wife about how dare she let some random guy fuck her, and she was screaming back that he was a terrible lay and he should just wait until she got home so she could break his cock in her unfulfilled cunt.
She hoped Sarah was having some less dramatic sex.
Sarah's first of the second round had come, then left after asking for her phone number, which was politely declined. Guy seven came immediately, much to his embarrassment and ribbing from his mates. The consensus was he should have spent less time wanking so he could have spent more time fucking. Guy eight grinned wolfishly at her, and she just wanted the night to end. She was hot, she was tired, and she was sore. Sarah had expected her fanny to be the problem, but her lower back and legs were protesting about being held basically in one position for so long. She groaned with relief when guy eleven said he'd like to fuck her doggy style.
"Thank you. That is not a problem. Doggy for the rest of you guys, ok?" A murmur of consent rippled through the crowd, followed by camera flashes as snaps of her presenting her arse were taken. Sarah was glad she still had her helmet on. Photos of herself would be flying around the web, and she didn't want to be identified. Cindy and Jax didn't mind the publicity.
Cindy had said goodbye to Amy, Stuart and Thomas. The three had all come, and Amy thanked her for her good sportsmanship.
"Finding someone around here who is prepared to go along with our... interests is rare. I would love it if you would consider spending a few hours with us? We would naturally pay for your time," Amy said.
"And we would love your friend to be involved as well," Stuart quickly added.
"Sure. Umm, I'll get your details from Mick and give you a call."
"Lovely! And Thomas," Amy said, turning to the young man, "would you care to give me an early Christmas present at home."
"Not a problem, Miss." He scooped up his clothes and grinned at Sarah and Cindy. "Thanks for the show, but, you know..."
Cindy waved back. "Go. Have fun."
Amy pushed her way through the audience and hugged Bob. "Well Robert, good luck for the future. We're going to miss you working on Vauxy."
"Ah, no worries Amy. I'm sure Mick and Sarah will keep her rolling along nicely. And," he said, squeezing her naked bum, "you're looking good. Thanks for the surprise. Been a day of them."
Amy giggled, picked up her clothes, and hurried after Stuart and Tom. Cindy slowly shook her head and watched them go. It was definitely a day of surprises.
"Ok, it's getting late. Who let the dogs out?" she asked, jumping off the bench as a chorus of barking erupted. Alcohol was running freely, and she sensed the crowd was getting rowdy. It was time for the run to the finish. Sarah was head down on the bench, arse up and getting ploughed by a large elderly man who looked like he had a death grip on her hips. Two semi-naked guys were patiently waiting their turns with her, but she had four guys in her queue. She leaned and rested her arms on the bench, letting her tits swing free.
"Righto boys, c'mon and fuck me. Grab my hips and swing my tits." She grunted and threw her head back as yet another cock filled her, left, and was replaced. "Nearly there, Circuit Slut. Race you to the finish!"
Sarah slowly turned her head and gave Cindy a thumbs up. The guy fucking her laughed, "Well, I'm not rushing. I can do this all day."
"No, you won't," yelled Mick from the barbeque. "I'm putting a fifteen minute timer on the rest of you lot. It's Bob's farewell, and these girls will need a break before we get stuck in."
The remaining guys grumbled about the unfairness of it all, but Cindy assured them they'd get a fuck sooner or later that night. Sarah was just glad it was nearly over. If Cindy wanted to keep going, she was happy to let her.
The old guy working on Sarah sighed at Mick's call, but sped up hard and deep. Sarah had to admit, in normal circumstances his would have been a fun cock but she was happy when she felt him come.
"Thanks Slut. Should've fucked you at the beginning so I didn't need to rush." Sarah just waved goodbye. The last two rode her at a leisurely pace, gently stroking her hips and lower back, which she thought was wonderful.
The last few for Cindy was a mixed bag. One guy got turned away because he couldn't get hard and wanted her to give him a blowjob instead, two charged her cunt like a bull at a gate, and the last slowly slid through her until Mick called time. Cindy gave him a quick kiss, then the two women headed back inside.
"That. Was. So. Tiring." Sarah said, shaking her head. "I sort of didn't believe you, but you were right. And I'm aching in all sorts of places I didn't expect to be sore."
"Yep. I really don't like gang bangs for that reason, but you did well. I thought you would have tapped out."
"Gotta say, I thought about it, but I couldn't have left you with the rest. I will sleep soundly tomorrow, though." Sarah stretched and rolled her shoulders. "Ok, so just one thing left. Shall we go?"
"Mmm. Ok, if you're certain. I'll grab the cards." Cindy said, after a long drink of water. "Do you want to go somewhere quiet for a drink after this?"
"Sure, as long as it's somewhere if I fall asleep it doesn't matter."
===
"Ladies and gentlemen, as you know Bob's retiring and hitting the Super Sedan circuit. One thing he's kept quiet from all of us was he crewed for The James Hunt of F1 fame, back in '78. I have it on reliable authority that Bob, and his crewmates, willingly sacrificed themselves to a hoard of horny women, like us, so James could get some sleep. To honour that day, Bob, and the man who organised this exhibition of debauchery, Mick, will fuck some sweet, young tail bareback. That's us. To be honest, after being soundly fucked by all you studs and studettes, I'm hot for a cumshot. Now," Cindy said, fanning out the playing cards, "Circuit Slut and I thought about the fairest way to choose who gets to fuck who, and we decided low card does me. Because I'm short. Right, bitch?"
Sarah started to give her a thumbs up, but rolled her hand to present a middle finger.
Bob and Mick looked at each other. "Hey, I'm happy with either of you, so sure. Just hope I can meet your expectations," Bob said, chuckling.
"Ok then. Pick a card."
Bob looked at the cards, and at the two naked women, a faint smile on his face. His fingers hovered over the stacked aces, then he pulled the top card off the deck.
'Shit...' thought Sarah.
Cindy drew a sharp breath and tried to hide her nervousness as she shuffled the cards. She presented the deck to Sarah's dad. "Your turn Mick."
"Ten," Mick said, holding up his card.
"Two. So girls, we just jump in? On? I'm ready to just dive in."
Cindy looked over at Sarah, wondering if she should make it the best two out of three. "Circuit Slut, are you ok to let these gentlemen do us doggy? Like, right now?"
'Fuckfuckfuckfuck...' Sarah slowly nodded and leaned against the bench, presenting her arse to her father. Her emotional side screamed at her to call it off, remove her helmet and tell everyone it was just an elaborate joke. Her slightly less logical side countered with that her dad had seen her getting fucked by over a dozen guys and a couple of women, and his cock would be just one more in a long chain.
"Uhh, well it looks like she's ready for one more dick, so let's go!" Cindy positioned herself next to Sarah and mouthed, 'Are you sure?'
Sarah shrugged and nodded once. All her remaining energy had flowed out of her with the pick of the card. She was too tired to care. It was just one more dick, one more penis intruding into her body. Did it really matter if it was the one that created her in the first place? Nearly two hours had gone by since they started the night, and that was enough. She was over it.
Cindy sighed. If Sarah was ok, then she couldn't say anything. She looked over her shoulder at Bob, "Hard or slow, big guy. However you want, as long as you play with my tits."
"Fine by me, but I love watching boobs swing in time with my rhythm. Dunno why." He rubbed his cock against Cindy and reached around to squeeze a boob. "God, it's been ages since I've done this. Hope I remember what to do."
"I'm sure you'll remember. It's just like riding a bike, and I'm the bike," Cindy said.
Bob laughed, which turned into a deep, hacking cough. "Oh, excuse me. Yeah, my willy is remembering what to do." He turned to Mick. "You know, the last time I had sex with an audience was in Hunt's hotel. Not a bad way to bookend my career. Thanks Mick."
"Well, I can't take all the credit. It was Sarah's hairbrained idea." He gently ran a hand over Sarah's arse. "I thought the dressed up car, videos, and these two as grid girls would be fine, but she insisted on going way over the top."
"Certainly different. Gonna have to thank her big time for this when I see her."
"Yeah, I guess she'll be out... later." Mick patted Sarah's hip and stepped back. "You know what? You don't need to be gas bagging to me when there's a hot girl waiting for you. I'll, uh, step out. Cindy and umm, Jax have made me an offer I can't refuse for later. Err, Jax can help you. You know, two birds are better than one?"
Sarah slowly looked over her shoulder at her dad, who gave her a quick smile and nodded toward Bob. "It's all good Circuit Slut. Give your friends a hand. I'll go grab Bob a fresh stubbie. He'll need it."
"C'mon Slut, yeah, give Bob a hand. He may need some help finding the right hole." Cindy had seen the exasperated look Mick had given Sarah, and the shake of his head as he trudged away. He knew. No doubt about it, he knew he had been about to ream his daughter. She wasn't sure if Sarah had noticed but she thought she had to keep her friend busy and looking in their direction.
Sarah pushed herself up and ran her fingers over Bob. He had two fingers rotating inside Cindy's vagina, and one hand on his dick. That was coming to attention, and she could see Cindy was going to be happy. She reached around and gently massaged his balls, making him groan happily.
"Bloody hell, girls. You make a good team." With that, he rubbed his cock against Cindy's vagina, then pushed. "Yeah, that's some good pussy."
Cindy moaned in appreciation of his dick. He wasn't long, but he was thick and he was hard. She rolled her hips, trying to get him to touch everywhere inside her. He responded by slowly pumping her, the lube from the others helping smooth the ride. Sarah moved to Cindy's side, one hand playing with her nipple, the other scratching Bob's backside. Cindy sighed and placed an arm around Sarah's leg, high enough to press against her labia.
Bob reached out to Sarah and hovered his hand over her boob. "May I?"
She looked around, and not seeing her dad, nodded. Bob slid his rough hand under her top and cupped her breast. "You both have great bodies. Different, but both fantastic. Thank you." he rasped, trying to hold back another round of coughs.
Sarah closed her eyes and tilted her hips so she could rub herself on Cindy's arm. It wasn't much, but after being a fuck toy for the night, the ability to find her own pleasure points was nice. Cindy felt the same. She held tightly onto Sarah's leg so she could rub and pinch her clit.
Bob didn't care. Two young women were here to give him a good time, and just because he was last in a long line didn't matter. He had the privilege of cumming directly into a cunt, just like in the old days when safety wasn't such a big concern.
"Fucking hell, this is nice. I... urrg... Yeah." Cindy had used her muscles to squeeze him as he pushed forward, and relaxed as he withdrew. The sensation had the desired effect and Bob hit her cervix with a short, sharp burst of sperm.
"There we go. Just what I wanted," sighed Cindy. She waited until he fell out, then placed a leg on the bench. Opening herself, she squeezed her pelvic muscles and globs of white goo ran down her leg. "And that, ladies and gentlemen, is all for the night. Thanks to all who've had us, and Bob - have a great retirement. See ya!"
Amid the applause and protests about them leaving, Sarah and Cindy waved and scampered back to the factory.
"Fuck. That was close. Do you think he knows?" Sarah said, removing her helmet.
"Not sure. Couldn't really tell," Cindy lied. "Still, all in all, that was a good night. Thanks again for stepping in. I don't think I could have done that alone. I'd still be there."
Sarah waved away the thanks. "No dramas. Well, not many. Thank you. You'd better go, and I'd better make an appearance. Catch up at your place in say, a half hour?"
"Sounds good. If I don't answer the door, use the spare key. I'll probably be asleep in the shower."
===
"This is a nice factory Dad. I actually think the floor space is more than the other joint, and having the mezzanine is a bonus." Sarah took a sip of her coffee and grimaced. "Need to improve the coffee though."
"Glad you like it, as your name's going on the title as well."
"What? No way, why?"
"We own it outright, and if your Supercar job doesn't come off, you'll need somewhere to run your own workshop. This will make a good impression with potential clients. Besides," he said, taking a sip of his coffee. "Your mum will think twice about trying to get her grubby mitts on the place if she knows you have a financial interest."
"Wow, thanks. I didn't expect this."
"No worries. I need to look after my little girl. Well, I need to try to look after her, even if she does some dumb arse things at times."
"Oh. Ah, you know, don't you?"
Mick nodded.
"And you're not mad? When did you realise?"
Mick put his cup down and pursed his lips. Sighing, he said, "I'm not mad, but I'm not particularly happy. Especially when I realised what I was about to do when I was about two inches away from... you. I knew right at the start it wasn't Jax up there. You may look similar, but you don't carry yourself the same way. I just thought it was someone else you three had asked to cover for her. Never in a million years did I think I was watching my daughter getting done by my friends."
"Sorry."
Mick flicked his hand up and away. "What's done is done. Cindy and Jax saw me the following day and explained what happened. You should have told me, Sarah Jane. I understand your warped logic, and in a perverse way it makes sense. But still... I was nearly about to have sex with my own daughter!"
"We really tried to avoid that. We thought we had it sussed so you were lined up with Cindy." Sarah wiped a sniffle from her nose. "How'd you figure it out? And why did you let it keep going?"
Mick reached over the table and held his daughter's hands. "Not too many women have a Ford logo and two gold cups tattooed on their hip. The makeup was nearly gone. That's when I definitely knew. As to why I didn't put the brakes on? Well, it was a bit late for that, and if I called you out, then everyone would know. I guess that's why the helmet?"
"Yup. I'm ok with Circuit Slut's bit's being shared online, but I didn't want me to be associated with it. It's hard enough being taken seriously around the track without that image hanging over me."
"A little bit more thought would have solved that completely. Nevermind," he said, kissing her hand, "you did it for the right reasons, helping your friends. Your heart is in the right place, even your head is a bit screwy. Mind you, it's going to be hard to edit you out of all the video I took, and harder to edit the images out of my brain."
"Thanks Dad, especially for not going ballistic. Maybe just pretend I'm Jax. I promise that was the first and only time I'll do anything like that. And I know both girls want to say sorry."
"Yeah, they did say that. Well, as long as you don't do a Renee Gracie and fund your racing via Onlyfans, I'll be happy. Ok?"
"Ok. You do know Cind and Jax have just started a page there? Been running about a month now without any publicity, and they've made about 5k. That's where that video of the fuck machine went up."
"Really? Huh. Didn't realise that."
"I'm sure they'll give you a free link. They reckon they could hit the big time with some decent three-way action. I think they want to talk to you about that."
"..."
"Dad?"
"Shush. I'm thinking."