I'd always wanted to go on a cruise, but had never quite managed it. There was always a reason we couldn't go, but now things were different. The ids were old enough to leave home, and the company was almost running itself now that we'd put in three hard years getting it established after buying out my first boss, Al. Aaaaah, Al.....now those were some fond memories!
Anyway, so it was that Steve and I found ourselves boarding the Sun Princess and embarking on our first ever cruise, heading towards the Caribbean islands and then on to Florida. It was a two week cruise and I was dying to just chill out by the pool, play some roulette, sip a few cocktails, and generally recharge my batteries. I was also aching to relax in the onboard beauty spa and get waxed, defoliated, massaged and pampered as often as I could. One of the reasons we had chosen this ship and this cruise was our good friends had told us how well they had been looked after in the day spa. It had been way too long since I had pampered myself in a spa, and I was determined to make up for lost time.
My husband Steve is a year younger than me, and one of those mad weekend cyclists that whack on the lycra and hit the roads with is mates. Hence, he's in pretty good condition, and more than enough for me...most of the time.
I, am still in nice shape too, being blessed with my mother's long legs and curvy frame. My boobs are lower than they used to be, but still fill out a 36C bra nicely, and my bum is still as tight as it ever was, thanks to tennis, regular shopping sprees and the killer sexual workouts I put myself through every chance I get.
Steve had splurged on the cabin, and we found ourselves on the top deck, in a fancy suite with a spa, and a wonderful window looking directly out over the ocean. It was perfect. There was even an external door which meant we could exit our room directly onto the deck and stand out against the rail looking out at the ocean.
The first day was exciting, and we started by laying everything out in our cabin. Steve had bought me a few sexy things, and I too had grabbed some erotic toys which I knew he would love. But there was no rush. We had two weeks ahead of us, and I wanted to be totally relaxed and pampered before we had our first fuck on a cruise ship.
That night, after putting everything away neatly, we dressed casually and went down for dinner. The ship was abuzz with excitement, and we had a lovely seafood buffet before retiring early to bed.
As I awoke the next morning, I rolled over to find Steve already up and about. It was 9.30am!
I jumped out of bed and hit the shower, not wanting to miss my appointment at the spa.
"Morning luscious," said Steve, sticking his head into the small ensuite as I lathered up my boobs.
"Well hi there, handsome!" I teased, giving them a good squeeze as I washed the soap from between my breasts and turned off the taps.
"Well, I'm gonna take a walk around, get to know the ship a little better, ok? Enjoy the spa. I guess I'll see you for dinner."
"I'll meet you at the bar for drinks at 6.30 if I don't make it back beforehand, ok?" I said.
"Yep. No worries. Have a good time, and relax and pamper yourself, honey. You've earned it!"
An hour later I was in the spa, wrapped in a towel, sipping on a champagne and ready for the works. First, I went in and had a full body wax. The girl was very good, and she removed all my pubic hair as I had requested. I knew Steve liked it when my pussy was totally bald, and I was certainly in the mood to be licked to death as often as possible over the course of the cruise!
After being completely defoliated downstairs, I was covered in what they called a 'healing mud'. Apparently the idea is to remove the normal inflammation and irritation from a full wax. All I know is it felt totally erotic! As I lay there completely naked, two young women applied this amazing 'mud' all over my body, and I do mean, ALL, over my body. I was totally aroused and my nipples were like puppy dog's noses by the time they finished and rolled me out on the trolley to the 'relaxing room'.
It was in there that I made my first new friend!
Laying on an identical trolley next to me was a woman. She was totally covered in mud like me, and so I had no idea how old she was. All I Know is that she was built! The bulge of her pussy stuck upwards, despite being covered in mud, and I could see that she too had no pubic hair. She was hot. Her long, wild dark hair was pushed up into a sort of bun above her head, and her dark, smouldering eyes gave her away. She looked awesome, even totally covered in mud from head to toe.
"Hi there. I'm Dee." I said smiling, even though the mud was drying and it felt like my face was cracking.
"Well, Hi. I'm Marie", she said, her eyes sparkling as she turned ever so slightly to greet me.
"Quite a way to make an acquaintance", I said, indicating our naked, mud covered bodies.
"Yes. Not easy to hide any imperfections" she quipped back.
I liked her immediately. We spent the next thirty minutes making small talk and getting to know each other. It turn out she was 51, and was also on her first cruise with her husband. His name was Paul, and he was off in the casino trying his luck.
We were chatting and laughing when a tall dark skinned woman entered and told us it was time to get clean. She helped us off the trolleys together, and we giggled as we took in each other's body covered in the now cracking mud. We looked like natives from the wild jungle! Our boobs stuck out, nipples mud covered, and our bald pussies looked like the hood of a VW beetle! Laughing, we followed the tall woman into a smallish booth.
"Normally we do one at a time. But, if you like, we can do you both together to save some time."
I looked at Marie, and she nodded.
Two minutes later we were in a strange shower like contraption, with a large number of quite firm jets of warm water washing the mud of every inch of our bodies! It was wildly erotic, and I took the opportunity to help Marie get some of the mud from her back, and also under her ample boobs. She did the same for me and we laughed and carried on like old friends!
Spending the rest of the day being pampered, Marie and I decided to have dinner together that night, and as we left the spa, completely rejuvenated, we decided to hit the shops to see if there was anything we might pick up to wear. We both bought new dresses, and as I glanced down at my watch, I was shocked. It was 6.45 already! I knew Steve would have been on time, and so we ran like giggling schoolgirls back to our own cabins, and arranged to meet on the 3rd floor at the restaurant in thirty minutes.
Not needing a shower, I simply freshened up, before doing my hair, adding some jewellery and then putting on my new dress. Carefully selecting some heels to match, I grabbed my clutch and headed out the door.
As I entered the lift and the doors began to shut, a woman's hand shot in the closing gap and stopped the doors. It was Marie!
"Wow, baby. You look great!" I said, my compliment genuine.
She looked adorably hot in her red dress, with her ample bosom encased in the built in push up bra, and the gorgeous flowing pleated dress showing off her fine legs and heels. She had chosen silver sandals, and they looked great!
"Well, thanks, Dee. But I must say, Paul is going to totally flip out over you when he feasts his eyes on you in that! It looks even hotter now than it did in the change room back there!"
Giggling, I took her by the arm as we rode the three floors to the restaurant and headed out into the night, looking for our husbands.
Seeing Steve by the bar at the entry to the restaurant, I smiled as he showed surprise when he saw me enter with a gorgeous woman on my arm. Smiling, we walked towards him, only to be joined from the side by a man I soon learned to be Paul, Marie's husband.
As introductions were made and we sat down to enjoy a sumptuous meal, an immediate friendship developed between us. Like me, Marie was slightly older than her husband, Paul. Steve and he joked that they were members of the toy boy club, and we all enjoyed wonderful company and had a marvellous time as we laughed and carried on.
As the night ended, we all said our goodbyes, and I noted with interest that Paul lingered with his hand on my butt as he kissed me gently on the cheek. It was brief, but unmistakable, and I made a mental note to get my own back the next time we met.
Back in our room that night, I decided to again tease Steve by making him wait another night before fucking. He hated that, but I was truly too tired to put much energy into it after the full day pampering myself and shopping.
We retired for the night and watched a bit of tv in the wonderful king sized bed before dozing off in each others' arms.
The next morning I awoke early, and was surprised to find Steve still sound asleep next to me. Not wanting to wake him, I went to the window, and looked out. Much to my horror, I realised the people outside could look straight into our room, as we had forgotten to close the drapes the night before! I was standing there naked, and jumped back when I noticed an older man staring at me with a shocked look on his face as he strolled along the deck!
Laughing to myself, I decided to throw on a bikini and head for the pool. The sun was shining and I felt like a few rays and a swim. Putting on my brand new green bikini, I grabbed a towel, threw on a pair of shorts and sandals, and headed out quietly, not wanting to wake my man from his slumber.
Arriving at the pool, I selected a lounge and took in the sights. There were only a few people there. On the other side, a couple aged about fifty or so sat reading magazines. She was chubby, and he wore many gold chains with heavy rings on his fingers. Three lounges down from me, a man aged about thirty sat in a black pair of speedos, rubbing coconut oil into his already dark tanned skin. He was very well built, with a six pack and what appeared to be a nice sized cock hidden away down there. To my right, a young couple, presumable honeymooners, canoodled and giggled as they sipped on cocktails -- even at this hour!!
Feeling a little adventurous, I slowly, no, slooooowly, removed my shorts and sandals, before turning around to adjust my lounge. Knowing they would all get an eyeful of my butt in my little thong, I langoured in the flirtation of the moment, hoping the men would react and the women might get jealous. It's naughty I know, but I love doing that!
I sat in the sun working on my tan for about thirty minutes, before deciding I needed to cool off in the hot morning sun. Rising from my chair, I decided to tease a little and pulled my thong from my buttocks, before slowly walking down the steps of the pool and sinking into the cool water. It felt wonderful, and my freshly waxed pussy twitched as the coolness washed over my somewhat swollen clitoris. I swam a few slow laps, before I looked up and saw Marie standing there, staring at me as I turned to swim back to my lounge. She looked stunning!
She wearing a black bikini, and he wonderful, dark hair was cascading down over her breasts, and as she put her towel down next to mine, I knew we were in for some more fun.
"Well, fancy meeting you here!" I said, smiling as I reached for my towel and dried myself in front of her.
I glanced across to Mr Suntan, and noticed he was watching us both intently, probably wondering what our situation was. Were we lovers? Were we friends? Were we married or alone?
As we sat down and began to chat, I decided to see if Marie was as 'playful' as I usually am.
"Hey, see the guy in the black speedos?"
"Yes. I noticed him when I first arrived. Quite a specimen in my opinion. What about him?" she asked, dropping her shades to again check him out.
"Well........how about we tease him a little before the boys get here?" I asked, my eyes lighting up as she got the gist of what I was hinting at.
"Ooooh. Ok.....what did you have in mind you naughty thing?" Asked Marie.
"Well, how about I rub some lotion on you, and we see what reaction we get?"
"Ok, that sounds hot! But can you use my lotion? I'm a little darker than you, and I use this oil. Hope you don't mind? Besides, oil might be sexier to tease him with anyway!"
"Ooh baby, you're good!" I smiled wickedly, before taking her suntan oil bottle in my hand, and positioning myself on her lounge, sitting behind her, my breasts squashing into her back as I poured some oil into my hands and rubbed them together.
I proceeded to slowly apply the oil to her stomach, starting slowly and working my way upwards as I smothered the warm, slippery oil all over her very tanned skin. Marie told me she was half Greek, half Italian, and the colour of her skin was evidence of that. She was well tanned, and I remember the sexiness of her tan lines I had seen at the spa the day before. We must have looked a sight.
Here were two women, both in pretty good condition, wearing very small bikinis, rubbing lotion on each other as the small group of now interested spectators watched in anticipation. Looking across to Mr Speedos I noticed he had begun to swell in his tight trunks. I stopped rubbing Marie for a moment, and lowered my sunglasses to eyeball him as he watched us.
"Dee, rub some on my boobs please honey," whispered Marie. "I want to see him stiff."
She sure WAS a foxy woman, and I was starting to get very horny myself as my own nipples swelled and rubbed her back through the very thing material of my bikini top. Slowly raising my hands, I snaked them inside Marie's top, and my hands felt her nipples hardening in my fingers for the very first time. I had only known this woman a little more than 24 hours, and here I was, sitting at the pool, on the cruise ship, rubbing oil all over her nipples as several people watched us. I was hot, and Marie responded. Her head rolled back and she kissed my ear, as my hands continued to work her breasts in full view of the others.
I looked directly at Mr Speedos, and noticed he was now also touching himself. His right hand had snaked its way inside his lycra bathers, and he was rubbing his impressive erection openly. I don't think the others could see it, but I certainly had a good view, and I knew what I wanted. Biting down hard on Marie's sexy neck, I rose from the chair and approached him boldly.
"Excuse me" I said, "...but are you rubbing yourself there?"
"As a matter of fact I am little lady" he replied, in a classic southern American accent.
He reminded me of Brad Pitt in Thelma and Louise, and I knew right then I had to have him.
"Follow me and we'll see what we can do about that."
Returning to Marie, who was now covered in oil, with nipples rock hard, I whispered in her ear.
"Please don't think bad of me, Marie, but I need to fuck this man right now, and I want you to join us. Would you like that?"
Looking slightly surprised but getting up immediately from her lounge, my hunch had been correct from the moment I saw her. She too was a player, and I was about to make love to two strangers on my very first cruise, before even fucking my husband on the ship!
I knew Steve was probably still asleep in our cabin, and I didn't want to wake him. There would be plenty of time for him and I to share erotic adventures while on the cruise, so I decided to take my lovers to a different place.
Heading to the sauna, I was hoping that no-one would be in there as it was very early, and also the weather was perfect, so anyone who was up at this time was sunning themselves as we had been only moments earlier.
Peering in the small glass window, I was glad my hunch was correct. Nobody was in the sauna. I opened the door, and after letting Marie enter before me, I made sure to wiggle my bum nicely as Mr Strange followed us inside.
Once in, I took some of the water in the ladel tub and put it on the hot rocks. The small, timber lined room immediately hotted up and the steam rose to the top of the sauna. It was great. My body started to sweat almost instantaneously, and the beads between my breasts began to fall down my stomach as I moved to sit on the very top row of benches. Marie sat next to me, and I indicated that speedo man should sit on the level below us, giving him a perfect view of our pussies still encased in our swimsuits.
After a few minutes where we chatted and flirted with each other, I decided to see if I could heat things up a little, and I removed my bikini top. Slowly, teasingly I undid it and then lowered it to the bench next to me, exposing my now totally glistening boobs, thanks to the sweat. Marie watched me too, and then slowly, almost expertly, hid her breasts from the view of Mr Speedo, before slowly lowering her hands and exposing her wonderful smallish breasts. I noticed with aroused interest that her nipples were large and dark, and I leaned forward to take one in my mouth, kissing and biting it gently for the first time.
This was too much for our voyeur, and he stood to remove his trunks. There was nothing subtle or slow about him, he just dropped his speedos and let his lovely, erect cock pop free. He stood there, cocky and brash, with his hands on his hips, his erection pointing upwards at the two of us. He was arrogant and over confident, and I wanted to fuck him like nothing else right there and then. But the flirt and tease inside me wouldn't allow him to get me that easily. I wanted him to earn it. I wanted him to want us both even more than he did now.
"Sit down over there and watch a while," I told him, pointing to the far side of the sauna.
It was about three metres away and I was still able to see his erection pointing skywards when he sat down.
I leaned over to Marie once more and took her face in my hands. Gently easing my tongue out of my own mouth, we kissed, and our tongues did the dance that we all love the first time we kiss a new lover. It was very erotic. I closed my eyes and melted as Marie's tongue, lips and hands began to make love to me in the sauna in front of our erect voyeur.