A case file was placed on the desk and Detective Kelly Rossii was eager to be given her first assignment in the homicide division.
The Lieutenant was curt after opening the folder. "Look familiar?"
"James Rizzo," she said after taking a glance at the picture.
"He's suspected of ordering the death of a rival," the Lieutenant stated in a way that showed that this was headed somewhere. "But everything we have against him is purely circumstantial. That's where you come in, detective."
The fact that the higher-ups in the department trusted her with such a big task put a smile on her face. But she knew, based on her superior's expression, that there was a catch. Instantly, she knew what it was. With the body of a professional track runner, Kelly was always on the top of the list for the most salacious assignments on the police force.
She thought she had left that world behind with her recent promotion, but she should have known better. Her body was a major asset.
"High-class escort or cheap hooker?" she asked flippantly. "What will it be this time?"
"High-end server. Consider it a compromise. You know that he has a weakness for beautiful women, and to put it bluntly, we need your legs again."
"If you're looking for a female agent to use her body, why isn't anyone from Vice handling this? There are plenty of younger women there who routinely go undercover as escorts."
"Out of the question," he said sharply. "We now suspect that Rizzo may have multiple informants within Vice, and throughout the entire police force. We think it's best to keep this operation as small as possible."
She hesitantly agreed. "What's the job?"
"Thanks to our own informant, we know that Rizzo will be attending a masquerade ball this Saturday."
"I'm familiar with those. Masked balls at large manors, but they're always just sex orgies for the rich and powerful."
The Lieutenant nodded. "Correct. Our goal is to take down Rizzo before a war breaks out on the streets."
"I'm assuming you have a plan already worked out," she said.
"We send you into that ball as one of the models who serves drinks. We've already obtained several warrants. You'll be given our newer micro recording devices. Very advanced. It's the type of stuff the Feds are using now."
"Bugging is my specialty. How do I get inside?"
The Lieutenant tossed another folder onto the desk. Kelly picked it up and looked at its content.
"That's Loretta Hall," he stated. "She runs a classy strip club, and her dancers will be working as waitresses at the masquerade party. She's agreed to provide you cover as one of her strippers, in exchange we keep her out of prison for unrelated charges. That's how you'll get in."
"Understood," she replied, resigning herself to her fate that she'd have to use her legs and body once again.
"You'll also be wearing a mask the entire time. Once you get inside the party, no one should be able to recognize you. Walk around, look good, serve a few drinks, and when you get a chance, plant the two bugs. Somewhere strategic, I hope."
"I agree," she replied. "It sounds like a worthwhile plan. If we get to send this guy to prison for the rest of his life, then I'm willing to take the risk."
The Lieutenant gave a long, hard pause. "There's more."
As they looked at each other, Kelly knew it was something damning. Her boss was a blunt man, and if he was this hesitant, then it must have been something that would swear them both to secrecy.
"Just say it," she replied, wanting to get it all out.
"We know that our target makes deals in the backroom of this party. We also know that he likes to pick out women and bring them into the same backroom as well. It would be the perfect place to plant a recording device, don't you think?"
The question lingered and the tension simmered.
Detective Rossii took a softer approach. "There's a strong chance someone will try to fuck me."
Her tone was more of a statement than a question.
"Could be," he said vaguely. "Or not. There's never been any evidence that Rizzo has held women against their will. That's not his style. We know that he sometimes likes a little private entertainment for some of his meetings. That's all."
Kelly lifted an eyebrow. "Like a naked woman to serve drinks or someone to go around sucking cock. I know how it works."
"There were will be plenty of escorts at the party who'll handle the sexual activities for these guys. You'll be safe from that."
"Understood," she replied.
"I'm not asking you to do anything crazy. I never would. All I'm saying is, if you were back there, and somehow you were able to plant a bug, it would be a massive treasure trove for us. Against Rizzo. Against a lot of people."
She knew the implication all too well. The more she climbed the ranks in this department, the more she had been asked to use her sexuality as a weapon. With a body like hers, it came with the territory.
"This is risky," she said. "Will I have backup?"
"No," he said bluntly.
"No?"
The Lieutenant was unmoved. "Like I said, if we mobilize enough people, Rizzo will find out. You're the perfect package to pull this off alone. Trust me, if this all works out -- and I think it will -- then you'll be properly rewarded for the risk you've taken."
"Something worthwhile, I hope."
"I'll let you pick your future assignments and cases."
She lifted an eyebrow. "Any case or assignment I want?"
"Within reason, of course. The Mayor and a few of the top brass know about this. If you pull this off, they'll never forget it. You could be the most influential detective in this city."
"That's a serious offer," she said with a stoic expression on her face. "It's also a serious fucking risk I'll be taking. I've never gone this deep undercover before with people like this. Yes, of course I'll do it."
The Lieutenant grinned. "Detective Rossii, you've got bigger balls than most of the men in this department."
"I like the sound of that."
Once they shook hands, Kelly felt a slight shiver down her spine. She knew that her superior had grown soft, sitting behind a desk for years, and now he was underestimating their opponents. But for Kelly, she had spent more time on the streets than in her home. She knew the danger.
***
Friday night in a dressing room. Kelly had worked solo before, so this was nothing new. She stood in front of the mirror adjusting her outfit. She was barefoot and wore a tiny dress that showcased her toned body and chiseled legs. Her hair was colored blonde and tied in a ponytail. It made her look younger and more vivacious.
Standing behind her was Loretta, an early 40's strip club owner turned police informant.
"You look like a real dancer," Loretta smiled. "You've definitely got the body for it. Let me know if you're ever interested in making a little extra cash on the side."
"Thanks. But I prefer my current job."
"Whatever. Just get rid of James as soon as possible. The sooner the better. Fuck him."
Kelly turned to look at the woman. "Anything I should know about?"
"Men like that are bad for my business."
"I thought he paid you generously?"
Loretta laughed. "Sure, he pays. But then I owe him for protection. Then my girls are expected to give freebies for the privilege of being associated with him. You know how it goes, I lose way more money than I make. I'm practically indebted to him."
"Sounds like a classic extortion racket," Kelly replied.
"Yeah, sure, whatever that's called."
Kelly smoothed her dress with her hands and they both gazed in the mirror. She looked the part. She always did.
Bringing down a boss like James Rizzo would be the pinnacle of her career. It would make all the struggles in her life worthwhile. The fights with her family over becoming a cop. Her personal mistakes in her love life. The violent criminals she failed to catch.
This was her goal.
"I want to be invited to the backroom," Kelly said, turning her body to the side to check out her ass in the mirror. "Do you think I'm pretty enough?"
Loretta eyed the detective up and down. "You're not pretty. You're fucking hot! There's a big difference."
"Well do you think I'm 'fucking hot' enough to compete with your girls?"
"Oh yeah, I think you are," Loretta replied, eyeing some more. "But to be called into the backroom area, it takes more than a pretty face and a nice pair of legs. It's the attitude. James loves powerful, interesting women."
"Is that so?"
"In this line of work, I'm considered old. But he always makes a pass at me. He loves that I'm the boss in my line of work."
"And do you titillate him?"
Loretta smiled and shrugged. "Sure, I fuck him, or I suck him off. It's good for business. Why? What's on your mind."
"Deep cover," Kelly said in a low voice. "Can you get me in the meeting area or not?"
Their eyes met while looking in the mirror. They both grinned at each other.
"You're the wildest cop I've ever met," Loretta said, enjoying the excitement. "Yeah, alright. You definitely have what it takes, but only after I work my magic on you. Hang on a sec."
Kelly waited in the dressing room, and a few moments later, Loretta returned with a box.
Loretta proudly opened the top. "Jimmy Choo heels. I can tell what size your feet are. Do you know how to work these? Or has being a cop taken all your femininity away?"
"Oh, I've still got it. When dealing with men, high heels and a tiny dress can be just as effective as any weapon."
"It's definitely a dangerous thing," Loretta smiled, holding up one heel and gesturing towards the pointy end. "Sit down and let me slide these on your feet. You'll look ravishing in them."
Kelly sat and let the woman handle her feet. Each high heel slid on each foot with ease. It was a perfect match. When the heels were strapped, Kelly wiggled her toes for comfort, then she stood up and had become several inches taller. It took a moment to get used to the pain in her feet as she hadn't worn heels in nearly a year.
She paced the dressing room, normally at first, before giving a sultry strut. She swayed her hips, putting sass in each step.
"Good enough?" Kelly said, leaning on her left hip.
"You're one sexy ass bitch," Loretta said with a gleam in her eyes. "So, you really want to get into the backroom?"
"It's my job."
Loretta approached the detective and slipped her hand underneath the small dress. In a flash, Kelly's panties were pulled to the floor. Then Loretta pulled the dress a little higher, nearly exposing the detective's butt cheeks.
"Show off those legs of yours," Loretta said. "The heels really accentuate your best features. And being pantyless... trust me, a guy like James will spot your ass a mile away. It signals that you're up for anything."
With Kelly's pussy almost showing, her emotions were in a daze. Fear had become an aphrodisiac. It sometimes did. It gave her a real rush that she'd be this exposed in a room full of powerful people.
"Anything else I should know?" Kelly asked, focused on professionalism.
"Look elegant and move gracefully. That's what they're paying for. They want sexy women to serve them. Some of the men will try to slap your ass and proposition you for sex, just ignore them. They'll leave you alone once the real escorts show up to fuck and suck everybody."
"I'll keep that in mind. Thank you."
"Now for the mask."
Loretta reached into her bag and handed Detective Rossii a gold mask. It had an artistic look with a Victorian era design. The detective put it on and looked in the mirror.
Between her newly blonde hair, the tiny dress with her legs showing, the high heels, and now the mask, Kelly could hardly recognize herself. She was a different woman.
"Everything looks sexy on you," Loretta stated.
"Whatever it takes."
Loretta lifted an eyebrow and licked her lower lip. "Anything?"
"I'mnotgoing to fuck anyone," Kelly said, shaking her head. "But thanks for asking."
"Not even a blowjob?"
"Why are you asking? Do I look like a woman who's dying to suck a dick?"
"You look grossly overworked and severely under-fucked. At least that's the vibe I'm getting from you. I can spot the signs. And besides, I've always loved the thought of a female cop getting dirty. I mean, why not?"
Kelly tried to brush it off, but they both knew it was true. Her job was her life. Aside from working long hours, the only real physical excitement she got was from her vibrator. She was content with that. But the more she thought about what she'd be exposed to, the more she felt her pussy clenching.
***
Saturday 9 pm. The guests arrived to the party at the main entrance of the large mansion. All of them were wearing fancy clothes along with their gold masks to keep their identities secret.
Kelly arrived at the back entrance with the other entertainment. She wore her skimpy outfit and had her mask in hand. For the first time in her law enforcement career, she was practically terrified.
She knocked on the backdoor and a towering man opened it.
"You must be Cutter," she said.
He looked her over. "Depends on who's asking. What's the password?"
"Pseudo."
"That's correct," he said. "How come I've never seen you before at the club?"
"I'm new in town. That's why."
"That's funny. I went to Loretta's club a couple times recently and I never saw you."
Kelly gave a hard stare back. "Maybe I was in the private VIP area entertaining some customers. Ever thought of that?"
"I bet you're a great fuck. You're real sexy. I'd love to get inside you."
"We'll discuss that another day. Are you going to let me in?"
"Not with that dress on."
"Excuse me?" she asked with a puzzled expression.
"New security protocols for all servers. No more dresses. Panties are fine, but get your tits out and I'll let you in."
"Fuck off. No one told me about this. The deal was to wear this outfit and a mask while I serve drinks, and that's it."
Cutter clenched his jaw in a moment of anger. "Listen bitch, you either get topless, or I send your scrawny ass back to the strip club where you belong. Got it? Security is being tightened up around here."
There was no way around it. A gust of wind blew upwards beneath her dress, reminding her that she wasn't wearing any panties. Kelly had two options; either get naked for the rest of the night, or leave empty handed and miss a major opportunity. If James Rizzo was brought down because of her massive sacrifice, then it would be a fatal blow to organized crime in the city.
Kelly took a deep breath. With her new hair and makeup, no one would ever recognize her anyway. There weren't any other police officers listening to this either. It was all her secret.
She pulled her dress down and her breasts were freed. They were small and perky, with tiny brown nipples that hardened from the outdoor exposure. And unlike the other strippers, she was pantyless, which meant that she'd be the only server with her pussy and ass showing.
She handed Cutter the dress and he took it.
"Happy now?" she asked while standing naked, thankful that she had hidden the bugging devices inside of her heels.
Cutter admired her nipples and smelled the dress. "Very happy. No panties either? Nice. You know something, I have a funny feeling that we'll be fucking before the end of the night. Call it a hunch."
She stared him down. "Can you move your fat ass out of the way? I can't serve drinks if you're blocking the doorway."
"As you wish, sweetheart."
Cutter moved to the side with a smile on his face, giving the detective a clear entrance.
'Bitch,'he muttered under his breath.
***
Kelly's high heels clicked on the tile floor when she stepped inside the large manor. Other strippers were in the kitchen and they were all topless wearing their gold masks. Not wanting her face to be seen by anyone else, Kelly put on her gold mask as well.
Each of them were given a tray full of drinks to carry around the mansion. The rules were explained and everyone knew what to do.
The feeling was surreal. Having the ability to hide her face was a blessing. But she had always been self-conscious about her tiny breasts and small nipples. Showing them off had proven to be a real turn on, as masked faces turned to gaze at her tits.
And being bottomless She grabbed plenty of extra attention being the only woman naked at the moment, working the lower half of her body in those expensive pair of high heels. She put weight on each step to make the clicking noises louder, announcing her arrival everywhere she went.
For the next hour, the undercover agent walked around dutifully serving drinks to as many guests as she could. She flirted with a few men and women as well. It was an exhibitionist thrill. Being this exposed was a new sensation that was completely foreign to her.
Before long, partially masked escorts arrived to the party and removed their dresses to get naked. It became a free-for-all, with nearly every room on the ground floor being used for graphic sexual acts.
It also became the perfect distraction. Detective Rossii used it as a chance to plant a bug. She remembered the location; second floor, three rooms to the left.
She snuck away from the wild sex orgy and headed up the stairs. Three rooms to the left and she arrived at her location.
"Looking for something?" a voice said behind her.
She turned around to see an elegantly dressed man wearing a gold mask. It only took an instant for her to make the connection. Between his hairline, his powerful body frame, and his voice, she knew it was her target-- James Rizzo.
"I'm sorry," she said in a sweet voice. "I followed the trail of artwork up here while everyone else is busy fucking. I was enchanted by the Medieval and Renaissance styles. Truly breathtaking work."
He looked over her naked body. "An art lover? I love your brain already."
"I was actually an Art major in college before dropping out. I wanted to be a teacher someday."
Rizzo nodded. "Is that so? Well that makes sense. You're clearly very intelligent. How about I give you a quick tour? Maybe we can learn from each other."
"Sure, I'd like that."
Rizzo extended his arm in a gentlemanly fashion, and she held it. They walked down the hall together, discussing each piece of artwork.
"You're from Loretta's club," he said, finally changing the subject. "But I've never seen you before, or heard your voice. You must be the new girl. The head of my security mentioned how stunning you are. He was right."
"That's sweet. You're quite the gentleman, unlike your friend."
Rizzo laughed. "I hope he didn't give you a hard time at the entrance. He can be that way sometimes."
"At least it was flattering. Part of my job is to look fuckable at all times."
They continued walking down the hall together while flirting and chatting about the artwork, and whenever they'd look at each other, Kelly saw lust in the man's eyes. She knew when a man was craving sexual satisfaction. This was a dangerous game she was playing, and with her mind on the bugging devices in her heels, it was worth the risk.
When they reached the end of the hall, James opened a door and motioned for her to enter.
"I'd like your company a while longer," he said politely.
Looking inside, Kelly could see that this room was more of an office than a bedroom. There were tables, seats, couches, and a desk. A place of business? It certainly looked like it.
"Fine, if you insist," she smiled.
Once she entered the room, James closed the door and locked it.
"I'd like for us to be formally introduced. Please, remove your mask. I want to see if your face is as beautiful as Cutter says it is."
There was no point in arguing. Kelly reluctantly removed her mask and placed it on the table. She was unrecognizable from her usual self anyway.
"Satisfied?" she asked seductively.
James removed his own mask also. "More than satisfied. You're a vision of beauty. I'm going to enjoy getting to know you."
"What did you have in mind?"
"Further introductions," he replied. "Think about it from my perspective: There's a lot of heat around me. Then I hear that Loretta is bringing in a new girl, which is you. Then I see you snooping around. Now, what exactly am I supposed to think about that?"
"Fuck no, I'm not a cop. Do you seriously think a police woman or whatever would walk around fucking naked? Get real."
To prove her point, Kelly reached under each of her breasts and cupped them. She gave herself a nice squeeze, then she pinched her nipples. She may not have much in the chest department, but what she did have was enticing.
Rizzo's eyes looked her over. "You do make an excellent point. Those tits... those legs... they're all very convincing."
"Then what's the problem?"
"None, yet. I like being sure of things. That's how men like me survive. I want you on your knees, looking up with my cock in your mouth."
Kelly raised an eyebrow. "I don't give free blowjobs."
"I'll pay what you're worth. On your knees, lady."
James pressed her shoulders and guided her down to her knees. She complied. With one hand, Rizzo unzipped his pants.
She watched the hard cock dangle in front of her face.
It was the moment Kelly had dreaded. But at the same time, she hadn't been this wet in many years. There was no denying it, the cock did look enticing to her, no matter who it belonged to.
She licked her lips out of sheer natural instinct. If she did this, it would be the craziest thing she had ever done in her life. But whatever her desires happened to be, this was the only way to plant the bugging device in the most important area of the manor. It was the only way to get hard evidence to build a solid legal case.
It had to be done. And it had to be done by her.
Kelly looked up at the man's eyes. "I expect to be paid. And don't ever accuse me of being a cop. I hate cops, got it?"
"We'll see," he grinned down at her.
James led and pulled Kelly's head down, so that the cock entered her mouth in a swift motion. She tried her best to suck in a normal and natural way, but James pushed himself all the way in to make her gag. Lewd sounds filled the room. James used both of his hands to control Kelly's head while he fucked her face and throat. The deeper the cock was pushed, the more she gagged, and the more her eyes watered.
Kelly tried her best to maintain composure. There was no way around a rough cock sucking, and she tried her best to make James cum as quickly as possible. It had been a long time since she had performed oral sex on a man, but the principles were all the same. She knew what to do and what men liked. She held the base of his cock tightly with both hands and stroked, making him groan in pleasure.
The grip on Kelly's hair loosened and she no longer gagged. The boss was more lenient on her and gave her more of a chance to be comfortable performing this sex act. She sucked and stroked furiously. As much as she enjoyed sucking off a nice dick, she wanted this whole experience over with, no matter how wet her pussy had gotten.
"Look at me again," he said in a low voice.
For the first time since she began to suck his cock, the two of them made eye contact. It made the experience all the more degrading and exciting.
He continued, "Suck it harder. I want you to take it deeper. I want to finish in your throat."
Kelly worked even harder. The ultimate irony was that she spent more effort sexually pleasing James Rizzo than any man she had dated in the past many years. Danger was often an aphrodisiac for her. Besides, no one would ever know about this, so she could be as nasty as she wanted to be.
She felt the man's body tense, showing all the tell-tale signs of an impending male orgasm. When she heard a groan, she braced herself. Her right hand stroked the shaft fast. A flow of cum shot from the swollen cock and inside the detective's mouth, hitting the back of her throat. She quickly gulped before the next shot came. She swallowed every drop and managed not to gag.
When James stopped cumming, she took his cock out of her mouth, swallowed everything, and graciously got back to her feet. They were standing face-to-face once again.
"Now do you believe me?" she asked, licking her cum drenched lips to show her nasty side. "I'm not a cop. If you're interested, I'd love to hang around and make a little extra cash. I'm sure your friends would enjoy a naked server like me."
"There's one more thing. You suck cock like a professional woman. But can you fuck like one? Then I'll know the truth. Are you interested in proceeding? Or do you wish to leave?"
She had already sucked him off and ate his cum. The goal was so close and she could feel the victory.
"Let me earn your trust," she said. "I want to work for you."
James Rizzo opened a nearby drawer and took out a blindfold along with some rope. It took Kelly's breath away to think about what would happen next.
***
By the time the blindfold was removed, her body was spread-eagled, with her hands and feet tied to each corner of the bed posts. The high heels were still on each foot. She looked around and saw that Rizzo was still there, setting up a video camera on a tripod. On the other end of the room was Cutter, stripping off his clothes.
"You look good in this position," James said with a pleasant smile. "Please excuse our new precautions. I've been hearing things and I want to be on the safe side."
There was a mirror on the ceiling and Kelly saw her naked body splayed and bound. She was confident, that no matter what, no one would be able to recognize her if this video ever got out. As soon as this was over, she'd color her hair back to its natural shade of dark brown. She'd let her hair down as usual. She'd keep her face natural again, with only light touches of makeup.
She was confident that if James ever saw her on the street as a detective, he'd never know the difference.
Knowing she was going to be fucked by Cutter was a difficult pill to swallow. It also gave a powerful sense of yearning to her needy pussy. She could feel her cunt pulsing as both men looked at it, and the video camera was pointed in her direction.
"What will you do with this recording?" she asked, forcing herself to be confident.
"Probably nothing. It'll remain in my private collection. I like certainty. Sucking my cock is one thing, but taking Cutter's dick, that's something else."
She forced a lustful expression. "If you wanted to see me fuck, all you had to do was make me an offer."
"You're free to leave anytime. But I love seeing women fucked in bondage. If you pass, you'll have earned my trust, and I'd love to keep you around. There's a certain charm about you that's very sexy. Now let's begin."
He turned on the video recorder and sat down to watch the makings of a homemade hardcore porn video.
Kelly's eyes turned to Cutter, who was naked as he walked towards her. The man's body was even more intimidating naked, with thick muscles and layers of fat. His cock was equally impressive and it hung down even though it was only half erect.
"Relax babe," Cutter said with a grin. "I told you I had a feeling that we'd fuck tonight. I'm not gonna lie, this is probably gonna hurt a little, but you'll get used to it."
"Make it hot for the camera then," she taunted.
She saw Cutter smile, positioning himself over her naked and vulnerable body. Once they were face to face, and her breasts mashed against his massive chest, her heart raced and her pussy throbbed. She could practically feel that erection pulsing over her open hole.
Kelly gasped when Cutter pressed the head of his engorged monstrous cock against the outside of her labia. She squirmed in bed, with her arms and legs reflexively pulling against the restraints, trying to break free. The bottom of her heels dug into the bed. But there was no getting out of this unless she broke and admitted she was a detective. With her spirit and unrelenting sexual desires at the moment, that wasn't going to happen.
Cutter pushed the head of his cock inside of her. "Jesus, lady, you're wet. Fucking drenched. You're one horny bitch, aren't you?"
"I'm wearing'fuck-me'heels for a reason," she replied, with her eyes glancing at the ceiling-mirror to her hands and feet bound, with a naked man on top of her.
Just thinking and looking at her high heels gave her all the strength she'd need for this. Soon, victory would be hers, and so would all the glory of bringing these men down. Her pussy had never been wetter.
Cutter thrust himself deeper. "Last chance. You a cop? Or are you working for someone with more hostile intentions towards us?"
Their eyes were locked in a sexual battle of wills. Neither of them relented in this sexually compromising position. The cock remained buried deep within her, making Kelly gasp from the sensation of her pussy being stretched.
"Fuck me already," she said, in a way that sounded more like a challenge than anything else. "You don't feel that big."
He laughed. "My cock is 9 inches. You better save your breath, you'll need it."
Kelly's eyes widened once she heard those words.9 inches.She was terrified and there was nothing she could do.
Her eyes rolled back as Cutter continued pushing his huge cock inside of her. It was agony. Every second was pain, but there was a beauty to it. Her vaginal walls were stretched in a way they had never been stretched before. Nerve endings inside her pussy were being stimulated with each plunge inward. It was a completely new experience and she had to surrender herself to it.
By the time the cock went all the way inside her, she was able to feel Cutter's dick in the lower end of her gut, a feeling she had never thought possible. It was a surreal moment for her. The man's eyes were almost sadistic, pulling out slowly, and Kelly felt relief until the man pushed it all the way back in. The process was repeated and she was officially being fucked by a man she was desperately trying to put in prison.
Slapping noises filled the room. His cock slammed against her body and the sound was distinctive and wet. Fluids from her body started gushing. There was no escaping this, so she tried her best to stay relaxed to relieve some of the pain.
Her moans and cries echoed louder than the hard fucking. Cutter grunted as well from each thrust into the detective's tight pussy. The large room became an echo chamber for the rough bondage sex.
In what sounded like a far distance -- even though it was only a few feet away -- Kelly heard footsteps pacing around the side. She glanced away from the man fucking her, towards the boss who had arranged this whole thing.
"You're a film star now," Cutter grinned, giving his hardest thrust yet, which made Kelly's toes curl.
Her eyes shifted back and forth, from the guy fucking her, to the video camera that was focusing on her tits and twisted facial expressions. The sexual denigration of her body was being saved for future use, and she could only imagine what would become of it. Her career could be ruined if it was ever discovered that she was the woman in this graphic recording. Everything she worked for would go down the drain.
Somehow, that risk only made her hornier. She knew she'd leave a massive cum stain on the bed once this was all over. Risky sex had long been a fantasy and desire of hers, and this was the pinnacle, as the bed made squeaky noises and their bodies made lewd slapping noises.
Worst of all, the more she relaxed herself, and the more Cutter continued pumping his large cock in and out of her body, the more she actually begged for it.
"Harder," she whispered in a low voice to hide her shame. "A little harder. Yes, just like that."
Pain soon became pleasure. It was still agony, but a big part of her enjoyed being afuck toyfor dangerous men. Screams escaped her lips. She tried her best to hold it in so that James and Cutter wouldn't have the satisfaction of having this recorded for their viewing entertainment, but it was pointless.
Her cries became louder and louder. The harder she was fucked, the louder she became. Kelly's eyes shifted from looking at Cutter on top of her, to the camera, to James with a smile on his face.
Detective's Rossii's face contorted with clenched teeth and tears streaming down her face. She squeezed the bedsheet with her hands. Her legs pushed, causing the sharp ends of the heels to rip into the bedsheet, and her toes curled too.
A loud scream came out of her mouth. It sounded like agony, but she was cumming like never before. It was a violent orgasm that ripped through her entire body.
"Fuck!" she screamed out. "Harder!!!"
Cutter obliged, fucking her pussy so hard that her eyes rolled back when she squirted. Every fiber of her body was focused on the intense pressure from her core. She could feel herself gushing streams of fluids from deep within her pussy, making a mess all over Cutter and soaking the bed.
After several squirts, Kelly's body went limp, and Cutter slowed down and stopped completely, pleased by his own work.
"What do you think, boss?" Cutter asked, with his hard-on still buried inside of the detective's now unresponsive body.
James Rizzo put the camera back on the tripod. "If she's a cop, then she deserves a promotion. If she's working for someone else, then she's incredibly tough. I trust her, for now. Hurry up. The meeting starts soon."
"You got it, boss."
Kelly had enough of her senses to focus on the last words Rizzo spoke.The meeting starts soon. She smiled at the knowledge that she had been accepted into this group, even as Cutter went back to thrusting into her spent pussy.
She could feel that giant cock pulsating. She could feel Cutter grunting directly over her mouth as his massive orgasm neared.
She closed her eyes, not wanting to look at him anymore. She focused on the feeling of the big cock thrusting deep. When she felt Cutter's body spasm, she knew that the inside of her pussy would soon be filled with a massive mess of fresh warm cum.
***
When it was over, her body was lifeless in bed. She didn't move for a moment, even as Cutter untied her from the restraints. Cum was all over the inside of her vagina. There was a big wet spot on the bed from her squirting.
"You awake?" Cutter grunted, lightly smacking her face.
Kelly came to her senses. "Stop hitting me or I'll kick you in the balls."
"You've already drained my balls anyway, so who gives a shit."
Naked and embarrassed, she used her hands to cover her tits, but she realized it was pointless. She had already been seen and used. She moved her hands away from her breasts when she felt a coating of cum. It was splashed all over her chest.
She used the dry part of her hand to wipe her face. Cum was splashed there too, mostly around her chin and left cheek. along with plenty of saliva.
'Asshole,' she muttered.
"Hey, what are you complaining about?" he countered, gesturing towards the bed. "Look at that fucking stain you left on the bed. The maid will have to clean it."
Her eyes opened wide and she remembered she had an important job to finish.
"Fuck, what time is it? Did everyone leave already?"
Cutter shook his head. "Time for you to get your shit and leave. We have a meeting in here. We'll let you know if anyone wants a dick sucking. You were a great fuck and the boss left a wad of cash on the table."
"I'll see you around," she said, making it back to her feet. "To be honest, that was the best sex I've had in years."
"Same here, hun."
Kelly was on wobbly legs as she tried to navigate the room in her heels. She lost her composure, but it was quickly coming back. Still naked, she regained control of her heels and made her way towards the table. Her gold mask was there along with a stack of hundred dollar bills.
She saw that Cutter's back was turned as he was still getting dressed in his suit. Kelly reached down towards the hidden compartments in each heel and found the openings. She had two tiny bugging devices. While Cutter put on his shirt, Kelly placed one device under the table, and another device under a desk.
A huge rush of adrenaline washed over her. She wore her mask and grabbed the cash, then she left the room.
'Worth it,' she said to herself, as she closed the door behind her.
Kelly made her way down the stairs in her gold mask and the ongoing orgy made her feel less ashamed about being naked. The intense orgasm took away her grace as her feet were still a bit wobbly. She was still keenly aware that cum decorated her breasts and nipples. She needed to find the bathroom.
The End
Your votes & comments are appreciated.