This story is all true apart from slight changes to make it read better. The photographer is someone we know, and this way of working isn't normal for him, so any aspiring models out there please don't think all shoots are like this one! We hope you enjoy reading this and our other work that we will publish in the future. Steve and Abi
Steve had arranged for a photographer friend of his, David, to do a photo shoot with Abi, glamour style and sexy, but classy, he had said. Abi was very excited, as modelling is something she has always wanted to try.
Steve said that it was an experience as much as a shoot. He knew how much Abi loved to pose and to show off her figure, especially to strangers, so this was perfect for her. Steve also told her that he had told David to be more friendly than usual to her, as most scenarios like this, are very professional and quite stand offish, and he didn't think she would like that.
Abi agreed and said it would be great if it was fun, and as Steve had said an experience, rather than just some photos after a couple of hours posing. She would probably find that quite boring, so she was excited that he was going to be this way.
David had so far been quite flirty, messaging her several times asking about outfits and styles that she liked. He had also sent some photos of other girls to show styles and poses, to get Abi used to what they will be doing at the shoot.
They were mostly lingerie and topless photos of girls in a rather 90s style. They were quite made up and in sexy lingerie outfits, so it was glamour style and as much about the dressing up as it was the photos, although they were a big part of it all too. Steve really wanted to see how she looked in this setting. Steve had said that David was a friend, and that he knew all about the things that Abi liked, and what Steve wanted to see in the photos, and that he trusted him.
Abi had been looking forward to it for the two weeks before the day of the shoot, and had bought outfits online with Steve's help. She and David had discussed styles and how she would pose, and also the levels that she would work to. He was very good at making her feel comfortable and had suggested that they do a lot of lingerie outfits, and dressing up. Then she can see how she feels at the end, to see if she wants to do any more.
David said he would direct her the whole time and would give instructions on poses, how to look and what outfits would work well for her. This way she could just get into it and enjoy the experience, or she could say stop at any time and wouldn't have to do anything she wasn't comfortable with.
All this made her feel pretty confident and relaxed and she was really looking forward to the whole thing now. He had suggested that they all go out afterwards for a couple of drinks, as Steve was going to drop her off and pick her up later when they were done, so it was going to be a really great day!
Abi had done a previous session with another photographer and it was all a bit dull. She had modeled for him so they could both practice, but it wasn't a lot of fun, and the outfits were some of her in gym gear, some nice clothes and a few flirty ones at the end, but she didn't go back to him despite his requests for her to do so.
Having at least been in a studio before she knew how it felt and what to expect. The previous shoot had an assistant and a hair and makeup lady but for this new shoot it was to be just her, the photographer and his assistant. She would get hair and makeup done before she arrived for the shoot, David had told her that this would give a more relaxed atmosphere, as there would be less people in the studio, as his work space wasn't that large anyway.
She had been given a list of instructions before the day of the shoot. Make sure she got a good night's sleep, don't drink alcohol the day before, (could make her eyes look tired) drink lots of water and make sure she was trimmed or shaved nicely! She laughed to herself about that last one. David was quite flirty!
Abi had also been told to not wear any tight clothing, so that there wouldn't be any marks on her body that would show up in the photos. So on the day of the shoot, while getting ready she wore a loose skirt and top with nothing underneath, and she packed all her outfits into a suitcase with wheels on it so it was easy to move about.
An hour before the time they were due to be at the studio they packed the suitcase, Steve added a few things he thought she might like and then quickly zipped the case up and carried it down into the back of the car. Abi followed him down into the underground parking and got in before they left to do the short but very busy drive to the studio.
They arrived and parked out at the front, they got out and Steve carried the case and pushed the door bell on the front of the building. It was quite modern but not too big and had all the windows blacked out and covered with shutters, probably a good idea thought Abi to herself!
The door buzzed and it opened to Steve's push, they entered the reception area and the door closed behind them and locked again. Security is important Steve said reassuringly and Abi nodded, they wouldn't want anyone walking in off the street during a shoot!
A moment later a man appeared from around the corner and introduced himself enthusiastically as David. He greeted Steve with a handshake and a hug, then did the same for Abi, immediately putting her at ease as he seemed easy going and nice, in his late 50s probably and still quite good looking she thought.
His assistant introduced himself too as Toby, a little younger than David but not a young inexperienced guy that Abi had half expected. She was pleased that they all seemed to get on, and was relaxing already with the way Michael was, as it was a bit like someone you would meet in a bar and immediately like, not at all difficult.
Steve gave his apologies and said he had to go. He asked David to text him half an hour before Abi needed picking up, and he would come back and we could all go for a drink around the corner in a nice pub that he knew, to finish the day off.
Toby showed Abi round to the back where there was a studio all set up with some white furniture, a sort of bed with white sheets and a white backdrop with quite a lot of lighting.
Toby showed her into the dressing room and switched on the lights around the mirror, and showed her the plug for her hairdryer. He pointed out a dressing up box in the corner that he said had some fun outfits and accessories that she could take a look at and use if she wanted. But he would prefer to start off with a few of her outfits first to see how she felt, they would give her a call in 15 minutes or so when they had the studio all ready.
She started to unpack her outfits and hung them up on the rail provided. She had a glass of water and checked her makeup and hair and she was all happy with how she looked.
She had already decided to start off the shoot with a black lace body that she especially liked. It wasn't terribly revealing but had a thong back and it was slightly see through at the front so it was a good tease she thought to get things started. She had taken David's advice on loosening the straps as far as they would go so that they wouldn't mark her shoulders, and also this would mean that her boobs would be more on display. A very good thing according to David!
She chose a pair of heels that Steve had bought her especially for the shoot. They were black leather stilettos with a 5 inch heel, that made it quite difficult to walk in, but she thought she could make it to the studio, just! At that exact moment there was a call from the studio and as she walked in, a whistle came from from David, she laughed and immediately felt like this was going to be fun.
He positioned her standing for a few pictures in front of the white screen. He posed her, and took pictures of her full length, close ups of her face and from the waist up. He was very good at getting her to pose exactly how he wanted her and really did manage to get the best out of her. She loved how he was firing out his requests; put your shoulders back, show off those big beautiful tits, make the guys go crazy when they see them.
He certainly wasn't the same as the previous photographer that she had worked with, but she loved his style and it was a lot of fun. She loved him commanding her like that. It actually sounded like what she imagined men in a pub might say about her photos if they saw them, so it seemed quite fitting that this was how they were taken too.
David asked her to kneel on the bed now and to look slightly sideways into the camera so she was at a bit of a profile. He told her to put her shoulders back and told her how great it made her tits look like that. She was really enjoying the experience, she liked the way he was with her, and she was really enjoying the direction he was giving her. She was starting to get quite warm with the sexy poses and the lights as well as all the compliments, so David suggested that they take a 5 minute break, and she should go and change into another outfit.
David was shouting instructions to her through the wall of the dressing room. He wanted something that was a bit smaller than the one piece that she had just worn, so she chose her black lace bra and g string that were her favourite outfit at the moment. She carefully adjusted the straps as before so her tits were beautifully shown off, like a proper model she laughed to herself!
Abi walked out and both the guys said ' wow!' as the outfit left very little to the imagination! Straight up on the bed said David, kneel and face me, like where we left off on the last set, Abi kicked off her heels and jumped up on the bed, resuming the pose from the last time as closely as she could.
Turn towards me, David said, and instructed Toby to move one of the lights to better illuminate her from this new angle, much better he said and started taking more photos. Legs apart please, Abi opened her legs a little and posed again, shoulders back with her hands on the top of her legs in a classic glamour pose she had seen lots of models do before.
A little wider please said David, Abi nervously opened them further and checked that everything was still covered! Oddly she didn't feel strange doing this, it was very exciting and she was enjoying every moment of it. David came up to her and gently moved a strand of hair away from her face, then took a few more shots clearly pleased that this helped with the composition, although seemingly focusing on her tits and the front of her g string Abi thought!
David asked her to kneel up a little so that they could see her legs better. He posed her several times but wasn't happy with the way she was, so he helped her to get onto the right pose by touching the inside of her knee to move her into position, and moved her hand to the right pose he wanted. He also gently pushed back on her shoulder, correcting the one problem that she couldn't get out of, that was not having her shoulders back for the photos.
Toby commented that these poses looked amazing, and Abi agreed when she was shown the images, that they looked great! David clearly knew what he was doing and he asked if Abi was happy to work this way. She said that she had no problem at all and was really enjoying the whole experience, and thanked him for helping her.
Let's do a few more before an outfit change, David said, and asked Abi to put her heels back on again, then get onto the bed in the same position and he would pose her again just how he wants her. She slid off the bed, got the heels back on again and posed facing the camera, kneeling with her legs apart, but now not sitting down so her legs are more on show along with the very sexy heels she had on.
David was moving around her, fussing about the position of her hair and moving her left hand onto her leg and her right hand playing with the side of her g string in quite a seductive manner, like she was about to pull it down.
David stroked her hair away from her face again, then moved the quite loose strap of her bra off her shoulder and down her arm. He very carefully did that, making sure that her nipple was still covered, and talking to her all the time, not giving her a chance to say anything, but also reassuring her. His touch on her arm took her slightly by surprise, but as his fingers rested on her arm she felt her nipples harden, something that didn't go unnoticed by the two guys.
Toby whistled again, you look amazing Abi he said. David started to take more photos and told her Toby was correct, she looked amazing! He adjusted her bra a couple of times to make the photos very teasing and then said that they should do a couple of adjustments for the final few pictures.
David had Abi take her shoes off and had her kneel again facing him, knees apart showing off the front of her tiny g string. He told her that they needed to do a few more flirty ones to finish off the set. With that he moved behind her and slid both her bra straps down her arms, and very slowly uncovered firstly her now rock hard perky little nipples, and then all of her 34DD tits. Abi let out a slight sigh as he did that, his hands right next to her tits, resting on her arms as he asked Toby how they looked. Fucking amazing he said, you have fantastic tits Abi!
David caressed her arms and arranged the bra so that nothing at all was covering her tits, then took his camera again and started taking more photos of her far more sexy self. Still talking to her all the time, complimenting her on her tits, and how sexy her hard little nipples looked. Abi was loving this all. She had initially been a little shocked by him showing her tits like that, but now she was enjoying the attention. When he showed her the pictures she thought they looked amazing!
David asked her to pull her bra down further and then to hold her tits in her hands, pushing them up, showing them off to the camera. He wasn't happy with how she was doing it, so he moved behind her and unclipped her bra and let it drop onto the bed. He then took her hands in his and positioned them under her tits, showing her how he wanted her to do it. His hands were much bigger than hers, and his fingers gently rested on her nipples as he was speaking to her. She could feel his breath on her neck and she sighed softly.
David removed his hands, gently stroking both of her nipples as he did so, making her sigh again, and her nipples grew even harder than before. He took a lot of pictures, with her holding her tits and playing with her nipples. Abi was getting very turned on by this and was loving every moment.
David said that they would do just a few more before a break, and asked her to put one hand inside her g string, just at the top, and to make it look like she was going to play with herself. Abi slowly slid her right hand into the top of her tiny string and posed, her left hand still holding her breast offering it to the camera.
A little further in please David instructed, and Abi obliged. Her fingers now almost touching her soaking wet smooth pussy, she closed her eyes and enjoyed how this felt. She played with her nipple then heard a voice saying I want to see you put a finger in now. She let out a little moan and slid her middle finger into her pussy loving how that felt. She opened her eyes and saw the two guys watching her, both with what looked like huge erections in their trousers and David it seemed had forgotten to take pictures!
With that the spell was broken. Abi slightly bashfully took her hand out of her string and wiped her glistening finger on the bed, while the two guys adjusted themselves, trying to hide the bulges in their trousers. David suggested another break!
Abi quickly scampered off into the changing room, taking her discarded bra with her, she drank a big mouthful of water from her bottle wishing it was something stronger! Had she just done all that? It all felt so natural. It had just happened without her even realising it. She felt a little shocked at herself, but had also loved every moment of it.
She could hear David and Toby both speaking in slightly hushed tones outside, and figured that they were getting set up for the last set. Time was slipping away and they hadn't done as many outfits as she had hoped. She changed into the next outfit, a black string bikini that could be adjusted to cover a little or almost nothing. Steve had bought it for her from an online supplier.
Abi put it on and adjusted the top to cover her nipples, and did the same with the bottom. If anything it was smaller than her g string and had the same string back. The front only barely covered her if she carefully adjusted it, so she did this and timed it perfectly as David called her again. He reminded her to wear the other shoes that she had brought, some black strappy high heels that were as high as the others, but also had a sexy ankle strap too.
She walked back out into the studio and the lights had been adjusted. The guys seemed to have the trouser situation back under control again, and Abi chuckled to herself! Up on the bed again please, said David, so Abi hopped up and settled herself as he fussed about as usual. Lets try something he said, pulling a white sheet out from the bottom of the bed and handing it to Abi, telling her to put it between her legs to cover herself like she was in bed and was covering her decency. He took a few shots of her like that, and Abi did think it was fun, as it did look like she had just gotten up and was flirting with the camera.
David got her to firstly pull her top aside to show her nipples again, and asked her to make them hard by playing with them. He took some more pictures but said that the bikini didn't make any sense in bed, so he told her to pull the sheet over herself and he stepped behind her and pulled the string sides to her bottoms and undid them, then told her to take them off. Abi shuffled about to free herself of the bottoms, David scooped them up along with the top that he had also expertly undone!
David started to take pictures again, complimenting her beautiful tits and getting her to stick them out for him. All the time she was holding the sheet between her legs to cover her pussy, but was confident that it was all still decent, even though by now she was kneeling with her legs spread wide apart at his instruction. He then asked her to hold her tits for the camera and of course this meant letting go of the sheet. It stayed in place and she posed in more and more sexy poses showing off for the camera, David said how amazing the pictures were, as they clearly showed that she was naked, as the whole of the side of her legs were visible, as well as her beautiful tits.
He said he wanted to try another look, and asked her to cover herself with the sheet, holding it with her hands over her pussy. David then gently pulled the sheet away leaving her naked and only her hands covering her pussy. A little scared but by now very excited, Abi didn't try to stop him. She was loving the experience and was feeling quite comfortable and also very horny all over again!
He started to take more pictures and got Toby to adjust the lights a few times. Abi was relaxing more and more, really loving the attention and compliments that both the guys were giving her. David took maybe 30 or 40 photos and then looked at his watch in surprise, as time was passing far more quickly than he imagined!
We need to finish off soon I am afraid, so let's do a few more sexy ones. I'm going to want you to hold your tits for me again Abi, David said, would you like me to show you like last time? Abi realised what this meant as it was only her hands that were now covering her pussy. She nodded and David came behind her on the bed. Let's start with one, he told her, this time reaching round and cupping her left breast in his hand, not asking her to move, just showing her what he wanted her to do. Just like this, he said holding her tit and gently playing with her rock hard nipple, his mouth inches from her ear and his hot breath on her neck.
Abi leaned back into him and slowly lifted her hand to his and held her breast as he had asked her. He left the bed and took the camera and started to take pictures again, Abi noticed the bulges appearing in the guys trousers bigger than before! She played with her nipple as directed by David, opened her legs further and posed with her tits pushed out in classic glamour style, and she was loving it! The guys were moving around, trying to hide their obvious erections and still take pictures and adjust the lights.
Let's do some final ones now, said David, I want you to hold both your tits with your hands and face the camera, I want you to show us that beautiful smooth pussy, do you want me to help you again, he asked?
Abi nodded and David came to her, and this time ran his hand down her body, over her breast and hard nipple before slowly sliding it down and over her hip and onto her hand. He covered her hand with his, touching her inner thigh in the process. Abi loved how that felt, she wasn't in control of this and he slowly lifted her hand onto her breast exposing her now very wet pussy to Toby, who was facing her, his eyes transfixed on her now.
David slid off the bed and started taking pictures again, focusing on her tits and now on her soaking wet pussy. He got her to play with her nipples again and told her to touch herself, she slid her hand down and touched the top of her pussy like she had seen in some magazines she had looked at with Steve her partner. He told her to spread her pussy with her fingers and she did, looking strait into the camera knowing how erotic this was, she was loving every moment of it.
I want you to kneel up now and show us that sexy pussy David told her, and Abi did, spreading her legs to show herself holding her tits, then sliding a hand down and starting to finger herself slowly as they watched her. David took pictures of her finger parting her wet pussy lips and rubbing her clit. She started to enjoy the sensation of being watched as she played with herself.
One final set David said, and nodded to Toby who got onto the bed behind Abi. Are you ok with this he asked, and Abi nodded yes. Toby reached round and cupped her tits in his hands, holding them up for the camera and gently kissed her neck. Abi continued to finger herself now lost in the feeling. I want you to suck your finger now Abi whispered Toby in her ear, pressing his erection into her.
Abi sighed and lifted her hand to her mouth, the light catching her glistening finger for the camera before she sucked it between her lips, tasting her pussy, her eyes closed. Suck them baby said Toby as he continued kissing her neck, Abi licked her fingers and took another into her mouth sucking it deeply.
All the time David was taking pictures and Abi was getting more and more turned on. I think we should stop now before things get out of hand David said, still trying to hide his hard on, and still failing! I think the next step should be saved for the next photoshoot, if you would like to do another one Abi. Abi said that she would love to do another shoot and felt like she would have liked to have carried on with this one given a chance!
Let's get you booked in again next weekend then shall we. Maybe a longer session and we can try a few more poses with you and Toby if you like?'
Yes please she said, I can't wait!