She'd tried everything else, and her waterwasout, and after all, it was Halloween.
Aphrodite was shy, and she liked shy guys. But Fran, the super in her building, took shyness a little too far. Always professional and friendly when they passed in the hall, never going one inch beyond that no matter how she flirted. Even her broadest smile and her funniest jokes had only brought a polite, cordial response. Hadn't he noticed how hard she tried to come out of her own shell every time she saw him?
And he couldn't have missed her thick, dark eyebrows. He ought to know what that meant.
Aphrodite had come to wish she hadn't overheard Fran at the barbecue last Memorial Day. It would be so much easier to accept not getting through to him if only she didn't know what a wonderful match she really was for him!
She'd already thought he was kind of cute before then. But it was his comment to Bill, the dirty old man downstairs, that had endeared Aphrodite to him once and for all. They'd been admiring the other women in their bikinis by the newly-reopened pool, and Aphrodite had for once been glad she couldn't just throw on a bikini herself lest she be among the ones Bill was ogling like pieces of meat. On the other hand, she wouldn't have objected to Fran looking at her like that.
Not until she overheard their conversation, anyway.
"Sure wish they'd been that daring when I was a younger man," Bill had said to Fran. "Amazing what they pass off as a swimsuit anymore. You're lucky you're their age!"
"Oh, I don't know," Fran had said. "I mean, they're beautiful, but I could do without the whole bikini waxing fad. I hope it's only a fad anyway."
Aphrodite, standing unnoticed behind them at the drink stand, had perked up her ears in delight at that comment. Could it be Fran liked women like her?
"Do without it?!" Bill had sputtered. "You need your head examined, my friend! When I was your age, goddamn hippie chicks let it all grow out like a damn jungle! Know what I'd have done for a nice clean pussy?"
"Probably the same I'd give for a nice full bush now," Fran had replied. And Aphrodite's heart had skipped a beat.
"What?!"
"A guy likes what he likes," Fran had said. "And it's damn hard to find nowadays. Not to mention you never know until you're already getting intimate with her, you know?"
"I guess," Bill had said. "But I still say you don't know a good thing when you've got it, pal."
Aphrodite had rushed off after that, lest Fran notice her there and realize what she had overheard. She recalled being glad she was wearing black jeans, for her panties were sopping with delight and she doubted she could have hidden her arousal in lighter colored pants.
Of course, Aphrodite was used to hiding certain things with respect to that part of her body. But she had come full circle, from loving her body to hating it and back again. From loving the way her vast, lush triangle looked and felt, to feeling like a freak of nature after the other girls saw her in the locker room, to enduring razor burn and cuts on the most sensitive part of her body for years so she could wear bikinis and not stand out in the locker room, and telling herself she liked it better that way. She'd told herself that for years, until most of her way through college.
Until late one night when she headed for the shower with her razor and shaving cream. She'd gotten as far as lathering up the stubble around her vulva when she stopped and asked herself, why? So she'd look better in a bikini? She didn't feel she did look better that way, and she preferred one-piece swimsuits anyway. So others wouldn't tease her? She was a woman now, no need to worry about locker room bullies. So she would feel more confident? She'd felt plenty confident back before anyone had told her she should feel otherwise about her lush undergrowth. At once it had flooded back to her, that sense of dignity and maturity, of wearing an erotic cloak under her clothes at all times.
She wanted that back.
Now, five years or so out of college, she had it back. Some of her boyfriends had loved it, others had tolerated it, but she'd never given any thought to trying to hide or deny it ever again. Since moving into her new apartment last winter, there hadn't been any men to love or hate it; she'd just been too busy with her new job.
And there was Fran, who had tickled her fancy from day one with his rugged looks and pleasant demeanor. But he'd been ever so utterly professional in response to all her flirting. Aprhodite had thought of it more than once since last spring: if only he knew what she looked like naked!
What, indeed, if he did?
As Aphrodite stood in her dry shower, she thought, why not? She'd been hoping to catch his attention in her cat costume at the building party tonight anyway. What about a private show with an even sexier costume?
Aprhodite was shy, and she felt like her face was on fire with the very idea. But she walked back to the bedroom to assess herself in the full-length mirror. Face, breasts, legs, all quite presentable. And there between her thighs, a glorious tangle of chestnut brown curls encroached in every direction, tapering out into wisps along her legs and seeming to reach up slowly but surely towards her navel. Fran's dream come true if only he could see it.
Aphrodite's heart was pounding, and she couldn't stand still to admire herself in the mirror for very long. But the worst Fran could say was no, and now he'd be knowing just what he was missing if he did.
Before she could lose her nerve, Aprhodite walked over to her dresser and picked up her mobile phone.
"Hello?"
"Fran? It's Aphrodite."
"Well, hi there! Will I be seeing you at the party?"
"Depends on whether I can wash up first, I'm afraid. I was just about to shower, and my water's out."
"Aw, man, I think I know the problem," Fran said. "They were doing some routine maintenance in the basement yesterday while everyone was at work, and they had to turn the water off. I'll run downstairs now and turn it on, and then come by your place to see if it's running, all right?"
"Perfect, Fran. Thank you." She set the phone down and walked out to the living room, still stark naked. The sun was down and she'd have to put a light on, and she went to draw the curtains first. Then she thought better of it. She lived on the third floor and the living room faced out on the parking lot. At worst, she might give the neighbors' teenage son a thrill, and she found she rather enjoyed that idea. She flipped on the light and forced herself to walk to the couch to wait. There was no telling if anyone was outside.
Aphrodite lay down on the couch and felt at her pussy with her left hand. Sure enough, she was wet. It was tempting to get off a quick one while she waited, but she decided to just tease herself a bit and wait for Fran.
The wait wasn't long. Fran's rap at the door came with his welcome voice. "Aphrodite? I've turned the water on!"
"Coming!" It was a struggle to say that word without laughing, but she managed to get it out as she crossed the living room.
After a quick look through the peephole to make sure Fran was alone, Aprhodite forced her biggest grin and opened the door. "Hi, Fran!"
"Hi, I...Whoa!" He turned his head. "Aphrodite, you want to cover up?"
"Well, I told you I was about to take a shower," she said as innocently as she could. "Now are you coming in?"
Fran did step inside and, to her relief, he shut the door behind him. But he faced away from her. "Aprhodite, this is totally inappropriate!"
"My home, my dress code," she said. "Besides, it's Halloween, isn't it?"
"Does that mean this was a trick?" Fran asked, still not looking at her.
"I hope it's a treat, actually," she said. "I hope you don't mind, Fran, but I overheard what you told Bill at that picnic last spring."
"What I told Bill..."
"About women and how you like us groomed?"
Seeing she didn't seem to mind, Fran turned and allowed a look at Aphrodite's bush. When she made no effort to cover up, he finally looked her up and down. "Wow, I...well, I don't recall that conversation with Bill, but...yeah, you've got my number!"
He was struggling to look in her eyes and, Aphrodite could see, it was a losing battle. "Go ahead, Fran, admire it!" she said, running her fingers through her bush. "I've been hoping since May I could get you to look at it, you know."
"If only I knew!" Fran welcomed her invitation to gaze at it. "All this time I never saw you at the pool or anything."
"I guess I'm hopeless at flirting," Aphrodite said. "Believe it or not, I'm shy."
"You don't look it now, that's for sure." And they both laughed.
Aphrodite buried her fingers in the hair again. "Care to do more than look?"
"More than you can imagine!" Fran said. "But I guess..." He unbuttoned his shirt. "Fair's fair, huh?"
"Come on in the bedroom for that," Aphrodite said, and she took him by the hand and guided him down the hall.
She stretched out on her bed and spread her legs, letting her bush betray its pink secret just a bit, while Fran hurriedly finished unbuttoning his shirt and kicked his shoes off. He pushed his pants and boxers down at one time, and Aphrodite saw for herself just how much he loved her body. "Now, bring that over here," she cooed, propping herself up on one elbow.
As he climbed onto the bed, she rolled over onto her back and spread her legs again. "Going to play in my garden, are you?"
"A good super always tends to the weeds."
Aphrodite laughed hard. She was still laughing when she felt his first eager, yet gentle fingers in her bush. Her laughter subsided into appreciative sighs as she enjoyed his feeling around. "God, you don't know how many times I've imagined you doing that," she whispered.
"Or how many times I wished I could." He slipped his first finger inside her as he said it, drawing a gasp of pleasure.
"You mean you knew about..."
"I suspected. Your eyebrows. But you're not the only shy one."
"Good thing I was 'totally inappropriate' then, huh?" she asked.
"Very good thing!" Then he added a second finger and rubbed her inner flesh with a wonderfully light touch, and began teasing her clit with his thumb.
"Oh my!" Aphrodite stretched out and grabbed at the quilt with both hands, and lost herself in the intense sensation. Fran tickled her mound with his free hand, causing her to wiggle and screech. "Ohoohoohoohoohoo, Fran!"
Now fingering her harder and faster, he leaned down and kissed her abdomen along the edge of her bush. Every complaint Aphrodite had ever heard about getting hair stuck in the guy's teeth roared through her mind, but Fran said nothing about that or anything else. He just flicked his tongue playfully on her skin as he worked her up to an orgasm with his hand.
That orgasm wasn't long in coming, and Aphrodite let him know in loud and clear terms when it did. "Oh, that's beautiful!" he said, finally slowing his fingers down.
"Put your cock in me!" Aphrodite could barely catch her breath to get the words out.
Fran didn't need to be told twice. In no time she was guiding him in and he was resting atop her. She'd have welcomed a moment to savor having him inside her, but she had no complaints about the gentle thrusting he set into immediately either. She let him know of this in no uncertain terms.
Aphrodite was shy, but she'd never acted the part in bed. Past boyfriends had worried about waking up the neighbors. Now, as she grunted and yelped her encouragement to Fran, he had no such concerns -- it was too early -- but he was glad the Halloween party downstairs was probably started by now. The music would probably drown out her lusty declarations. "Fuck me. Fuck me hard! Ram it into me!"
Too aroused to be surprised, Fran did as he was told. He was almost afraid of how loud she might scream when she came, but he was delighted with the sights and sounds when it did happen. This wasnotwhat he'd have expected of his demure, quiet neighbor, but it was a delightful revelation! "Don't stop!" she ordered when he slowed down.
"Sorry!"
"Come with me this time!"
"Okay!"
Fran went at it like he was running for his life, and in no time he had Aphrodite moaning long and loud again. But not so much that she didn't take notice when he let out a joyous yelp of his own, and at that moment she let go and felt herself going off the deep end with him.
"OHHH!" He came to a stop deep inside her, and hugged her tightly as he came, while she wiggled her hips and savored her own third orgasm. As it washed over her, she rubbed his back, ready to push hard if he even thought of pulling out. He didn't, and they kissed in the afterglow.
The room was quiet. Downstairs the party would be underway by now. It was Fran who finally broke the silence. "I don't suppose you want to go to the party?"
"Well, let's see," Aprhodite said. "We could put on some silly costume and go stuff ourselves with junk food, or we can test my newly repaired shower and then spend the night right here."
"I like the way you think," Fran said, as at last she let him out and he rolled over beside her. "You want to shower first?"
"I could," she teased. "But, gee, washing my bush is such a big job, I sure could use some help..."