It was hot unbearingly hot. The bedsheets cling to Lilly's naked body. Normally she would wear an oversized t-shirt to sleep, but not tonight, or the last two weeks. Even sleeping with the window close to her bed, wide open, didn't help in the slightest.
"Fuck it!" she exclaimed loudly and opened her eyes.
Though it was mostly dark in the room, with the only other light source being the waning full moon and some of the windows of the neighboring houses.
Where their residents, seem also to have concluded, it was way too hot, to get a good night's sleep. Or maybe didn't even bother to try and switched their lights on, to do whatever they did, instead of sleeping.
Lilly could see the outlines, of her body glistening from sweat.
A quick glance at her clock, told her it was about 3 am. Way too early, but going back to sleep wasn't an option.
With a muffled groan, she turned over on her belly and stood up, with shaky legs, as she licked her dry lips. She must have been dehydrated from all this sweating.
Tumbling, she felt her way out of her room and into the kitchen, to get a glass of water. this was not nearly enough, so she downed another one,
"why does it have to be so fucking hot?"
Lilly hated the heat. Not that she preferred the cold either, otherwise she would have moved way up north, where it's never hot in the summer. but then, she had to deal with freezing her balls off, in the Winter. So she didn't move and got the best of both worlds. Or the worst, it depends really.
After her sixth cup of water, she got back to her room, flicking the light switch on, and stared at the mess, that was herself in the mirror. The only thing realy messy though, was her very long, white hair and her sleep-deprived eyes, which stared back at her, with her unusual, bright, pink Irises.
She wasn't really, what one would call a supermodel. Not even in the slightest, or fulfilled any unrealistic expectations, someone would have, from a female body, if they look at movies or pornos for reference.
Though her boobs were quite big, she was also kinda pudgy and rather small, with a soft face, that was somewhere in between heart-shaped and round. She was cute. And it's not like she didn't know that, but she was also rather normal.
And yet, she was everything but normal.
Her skin was a pale, soft, lilac color, with slightly darker freckles. Mostly above her nose, her relatively big breasts, and wide hips. Very long prehensile, pointed ears and two small, blunt, pointed horns, barely two cm long, poke out of the snow-white hair.
Her lips and nipples had a bright, but soft, blue color and a long, prehensile, spaded tail, that grew from where someone elses tailbone would end.
She wasn't really what you would call a human. But for the last fifteen years, this became less and less abnormal.
Nowadays, almost half of the Population, is what would be called, demihumans. Most of them, were general fantasy species, like elves, dwarves, orcs, and so on. Those who seem more exotic like lamias, harpies, demonic-looking people like Lilly, or those who won't really fit in any category, were much more unusual to find.
But Lilly was happy, to be ended up in a rather liberal and accepting country, after the initial chaos died down, from the incident, that transformed so many people, into what they are now. And brought magic into the world.
Though she lost sight of her family, she survived it unscathed. And hoped, at least her sister did as well, somewhere.
Lilly shook her head, to get rid of those somber thoughts. As her gaze fell down, to her long girthy horse cock.
Futanarism (which are women and girls, with functioning male and female reproductive systems.) and some other forms of functioning hermaphrodism, wasn't really unheard of, since the Incident.
But having a full-sized Horse cock, was.
The skin around her animalistic sheath and her massive, orange-sized balls, was from a darker, purpleish color, than the rest of her skin. While the shaft, that normally was hidden, in the sheath, if she was not getting horny. Had a similar blue color as her nipples, the inside of her pussy, or her tongue, to name a few examples.
Though she wasn't particularly horny, her entire cock was on display, as most of the time, when the wetter was hotter.
Maybe this was her body, trying to expose more skin, to cool off. But it made it also very difficult, to hide this monster, if she got out in public.
But with it already on display and her not knowing what to do, with her time, she stroked her big member and pushed the power button of her pc, with one toe.
Some hentai, or an erotic story, maybe some fanfics, would bring her to different thoughts, then her missing and worrying about her sister.
While she waited for her pc to turn on, she continued to stroke her slowly, hardening member, and flops it up, on her belly and between her breasts. Even in the soft state, her member was long enough, for her to lick the flared tip, as long as it wasn't hidden in her sheath of course.
Her other hand, lifted her balls and gave them a soft squeeze, before she moved it further down, to rub her soft pussylips. Wich where wet, not from her sexual fluids, but like the rest of her body, from her sweat. She was about to change that, as she spread her lips, with two fingers and rubbed her clit, with a third one. As she suddenly heard a moan, coming from outside.
The balconies from the neighboring apartment building, weren't quite far from her window. She would actually barely have to jump at all, to get to the other side.
And standing there, on the balcony, of the floor above her, from the neighboring building, was another girl, of most likely her own age. While she was completely on display for her, thanks to her wide-open window.
The dark brown, elven looking girl, of probably african descent, seemed as shocked as Lilly herself, being caught peeping on the purpleish demon girl.
Though touching herself, with an open window, completely aware how close the next building was, would rather count as exhibitionism, on her own behalf, than the elven girl peeping on her. Wich was, as she now realized, groping her own breast with one hand, while her other, was obviously inside of her pants.
Both were blushing and staring at each other, awkwardly.
"You.. moved in here last weak right?"
Broke Lilly the silence and bite down, on her tongue, for that stupid, inappropriate question, while hiding her face in her hands.
On the other hand, what is appropriate, in such a situation? Other than, die out of shame and awkwardness.
"Yea... it's rather nice here, just the buildings are a little bit too close together i guess."
The elf answered, with an equally awkward expression, on her face, but didn't stop there.
"I mean, not that I could complain right now, I guess, I mean.. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to, but you were... well, I wasn't sure, but it seemed almost, like you wanted to be seen. Wich you obviously wasn't.. ehm sorry about that, I go inside and kill myself real quick."
She rambled, blushing more and more, while trying to hide herself, behind the barred side of the balcony, before she was about to turn around and go back inside.
"No, wait!" Lilly called out, not really knowing what to do.
"I mean, that you could see me, is clearly my fault. I... should be feeling awkward here and to be honest, if you weren't turned off, by my weird cock, I... I have nothing against it, if you... well, look at it... I guess..."
Meanwhile Lilly's cock was getting harder and harder, without her touching it, since she realized she has been watched, as she slowly starts to realize, that she might really be an exhibitionist.
"Are you telling Jokes? why should I be turned off, by your cock? It's... breathtaking!"
The elf exclaimed, as she turned back to Lilly. Clearly, a little bit too excited, to look back at Lilly's member.
"So... you are some kind of pervert, who likes horse cocks? Wait! Wait! I didn't mean it like that, it was just a joke!"
Backed Lilly down as she saw the hurt expression on the elven face.
"Besides, I guess I am here the perverted exhibitionist." she smiled awkwardly.
"Guess we are both perverted then." the elf smiled with a smug grin
"Should we maybe continue?" she asked carefully as she slowly continue to rub her hands over her private parts.
"Or do you maybe want me to come over?"
Lilly blushed immediately to an dark violet color and starts stammering.
"Well i...if you want to, i.. ehh I have certainly nothing against it."
Desperately trying and failing, to hold eye contact with the elf and not completely losing her composure.
She doesn't really seem to know, what to do with her hands and tried to lean with her elbow on the desk, where her computer setup stands and crossed her legs from one side, to the other and back, to find a rather cool looking pose. With equally little success, but a wild flailing, nearly hard, standing horsecock, that slowly starts to drool precum.
While the elf loughs and climbed over the barrier, to step over with her long legs, onto the board of Lillys window and into her room.
"You're cute you know? You even look cute. Besides this monster of course."
The elf said, reaching out to touch the huge penis, which started to twitch, as her hand gets closer, before she decided, that this would probably be a little bit brisk, climbing into the window of a girl and immediately touching her massive shlong.
While Lilly gulped, nervously as she was about to get touched, now she felt a little bit disapointed, but smiled instead.
"Well, most people tell their names, before entering through the window I think." Wich made the elf lough.
"I think most people, who do this don't tell their names, to be honest. because they don't have so pleasant intentions, as I do. But to be fair, you got a point there. My name is Sarena and your's cutie?"
"I'm Lilly nice to meet you." Lilly smiled at her nervously.
It's not that she didn't had sex jet, but it was mostly awkward. Most people, especially guys, were rather intimidated by her massive cock and it almost never really came to something after they saw it. Wich wasn't so bad on the guy part, because Lilly quickly realized, that she only liked girls.
But she didn't had anything against transgirls, or nonbinary people, that were leaning more to the feminine side, in looks or presentation.
And of course, she didn't had anything against other futanari. To be honest, if a girl had a dick, it turned her on a little bit more.
But she never got someone, to even try, to get her monster inside of them. Aside from failed attempts to take it in their mouths. Wich no one managed to do yet, beside herself.
But the times she had sex, which mostly was mutual masturbation and awkwardly making out with each other, is something, she could count on one hand. And the last time was quite a while ago.
Lilly didn't really expect this, to be anything else than her previous experiences. Though no one was quite as enthusiastic, about her giant cock, as Sarena was. Eyeing it up and down right now.
"So, and what do we do now? I mean, I'm pretty sweaty, you probably don't even want to touch me..."
Serena only giggled at that.
"Oh don't worry about that, i don't mind that kind of thing. Besides, I'm quite sweaty myself."
She said, as she pulled her pyjama shirt above her head, to reveal her upper body, which was quite impressive.
She had lean, but muscular arms, a chiseled looking sixpack, and an overall skinny, but not unhealthy, athletic physique. While her perky breasts, were more on the smaller side. Though her black nipples and areolas, seemed a little big, for the tiny tits and were quite puffy.
Her body was almost as sweaty as Lillys, but it shined more on her dark skin, like she was oiled in, for some model photoshoot.
To Lilly's delight, she also noticed, that Sarena hat quite the tent under her pyjama pants. And she seemed also, to be more on the bigger side. Nothing impossible for a human man, or transwoman, who decided to keep her dick. But definitively quite above average.
Lilly noticed her pussy, starting to get wet. This time not from sweat. While her own dick, twitched in excitement.
"So, we do going to have sex?" Lilly gulped, at Sarena's amused smile.
"of course silly, unless you don't want to?"
Sarena slowly raised her arm again. This time, she did touch Lilly's dick and slowly rubbed her flared tip and around her urethra, while getting dangerously close to Lilly. Before she pulled her pyjama pants down, to reveal her own, slightly twitching member and her long athletic legs.
"Is this your first time, cutie?"
Serena asked curiously, but in a calming tone, to make sure that this won't be an issue. Or that she isn't obsessed, with popping cherries, or something.
"No, but... i don't have, well... much, experience. And my dick was barely involved, as you might can imagine."
Sarena raised her eyebrows.
"No. To be frank, I really can't imagine, that not everyone is as enthralled, with this monster, as I am. But maybe, I'm really a pervert here, I guess."
She said and got down, on Lilly's lap, while slowly rubbing her own cock and balls, up and down, on Lilly's Member. And each time, on her way down to the base, Lilly could also feel the wet cunt, of the beautiful elven girl. Wich kept eye contact with her and started to play with her own tiny breasts. While Lilly grabbed her, more out of instinct, on her ass.
"d..do you r...really think, it will fit?"
Sarena cocked her head in thought, before answering.
"I don't know. But I decided, I can't live in paece, without at least trying it. And if it really don't fit, well we can practice don't we?"
She said and licked the precum from Lilly's tip, while a part of it, already had drooled down and is smeared around, on her huge member, by Sarena's genitals. Before she climbed down from her, to go over to Lilly's bed.
She really doesn't seem to bother with the sweat. Thought Lilly, as she saw the elf, get on her widespread knees, with the butt raised in Lilly's direction, while she pressed her face into, the sweat-stained sheets, moaning as she breathed in, loud and greedy as it seems. What a pervert!
But being a pervert herself, as she accepted more and more, this only turned her on, even more. As she got closer and rubbed her flared glans, wet from precum, between the round buttcheeks, which were the only jiggling part, on Sarena's body, and down to her bright pink pussy.
"Ah just so you know, there aren't any condoms on the market, for my size, as far as I know. We probably should.."
Sarena interrupted her immediately.
"If you manage to get this thing in, i don't care if you knock me up. And std's arent really a problem since magic, right?"
Lilly nodded slowly.
"R..right."
She thought, that this was kinda selfish of Sarena. She didn't know herself if, she wanted to have kids. But on the other hand, she was as excited as the elvish pervert, to get it into her. And she probably didn't mean it, how she said it, though... She kinda found the thought, to knock this gorgeous elven goddess up, really fucking hot.
Biting her lips on that thought, she tried to push the tip, slowly into Sarena's wet pussy, who moaned in bliss. Rubbing herself, into the sweaty bedsheets.
"Yes push! push it harder!"
Lilly tried, even started to thrust, against the elvish wet slit. But she didn't manged, to get in at all. Not a little bit. While her precum and Sarena's pussy juices, ran down, the long elven legs, staining the bedsheets even more.
This alone, seemed to turn the dark, elvish beauty on, more the enough. As she rubbed her pussy and the clit of hers, on the flared cock of Lilly's, like it was a pussy of another girl, she was scissoring, while getting wetter and wetter.
"Yes! ughhh! Fuck me, Lilly! I want your diiick!"
Lilly bit her lips, moaning herself. This did feel good, but wasn't quite enough, to get herself to come. So she started to rub her shaft, up and down with her hand, while pushing harder, as requested by Sarena, to push it in. But to no avail, yet.
"y..your..uhh ghh p...pussy, is way to t...tight! I will never get it in a...and if I manage it, I either rip you apart, or you will crush my dick!"
Sarena looked at her, over her shoulder.
"Don't worry, non of this will happen! And I promise you, we will get you into me eventually! M..maybe a different pose?"
Sarena turned around, now laying on the back and pulling Lilly's rock-hard cock, against her pussy. Which she has raised up for Lilly, to fuck her in a mating press position.
And indeed, this seems to be, barely more effective. Lilly still didn't manage, to get even her tip in, but she could feel Sarena's Pussy loosen up, ever so slightly, as she pushed hard down from above. While Sarena's black cock and balls, were bouncing up and down, slamming each time, against her own sixpack, slowly covering it in her precum.
"Yes, that's it! That's the spot! Harder! I'm about to cum cutie!"
She yelled in a lustful moan, as she continues to rub her pussy and clit, against Lilly's thrusting glans, as she did before.
Lilly stroked her own cock furiously. As she rammed her cock down, more and more forcefully. At first afraid, she would hurt the elf, but she seemed, only to get turned on more and more by it, before she moaned, in a loud orgasmic scream. She squirted her pussy juices, all over mostly herself and Lilly's dick.
Slightly disappointed, that she didn't succeed after all and didn't even get to cum. Lilly was about to stop her thrusting, as Serana hold suddenly onto her.
"Don't stop, until you got your cock inside or cum cutie! Keep thrusting, you almost had it, I can feel it!"
Surprised by this, Lilly's excitement build back up and she did as the beautiful elf told her. Who's pussy was now much wetter, from the squirting and so was her cock.
"Fuck yea! Spread my cunt wide open! I want that magnificent beast inside, at least a little bit, for now!" Sarena yelled between moans.
Sarena had, as it seemed to Lilly, continues small orgasms, after her first big one. Though her cock, only leaked out more and more precum, on her own belly, but didn't seem to have cummed yet, as well as her own.
Suddenly Lilly felt Sarena, grabbing onto her butt cheeks and thrusting Lilly's hips, with her strong arms, against her own.
As Lilly's tip sank finally into her cunt, it didn't get much deeper than that, but this was enough, for both of them to cum.
White streaks of her own cum, landed on Seranas six-pack, her perky tits, and in her moaning, blissful face. As Lilly bit her lips in a soft, but deep moan and released torrents of cum, into Sarena's pussy.
With the much too wide tip of her horsecock, sealing her effectively up, nothing got past it and was pumped down, into the elven womb instead. Filling her up until she looked four-month pregnant. Before the pressure got too big and her cock got pushed out, by her own cum. Splashing the last batches of cum, all over Sarena's body while cum, was running out of her widened elven cunt.
"Fuck! please tell me, this wasn't the last time cutie. I can't wait, to manage, to get in all in!"
Lilly couldn't hold herself any longer and fell down on Sarena's cum-stained body.
"Ahh if... we do that, you will definitively get knocked up by me."
Sarena grinned and whispered seductively into Lilly's ear.
"good."
Lilly widened her eyes, but her cock started to twitch immediately, in excitement.
"Y..you can't be serious, we barely know each other!"
the elf grinned smugly, as a reply.
"Guess that makes me a pervert hu?"
Lilly started to giggle.
"Us both I guess."