Eighteen months! It had been eighteen months of waiting, stressing and worrying for Liz. Ever since she had been filmed being fucked in a motel room by men other than her husband, and that scene then put online for all to see, she had been in limbo. The discovery that her husband, Paul, had actually been in league with her lover, Jason, right from the start, just made it so much worse.
The divorce had taken less time than the medical authorities decision.
It helped not at all that Liz, a respected G.P. At the time, actually found that she missed not just the sex, but the degrading way she had been used by a handful of people. She had even kept a few copies of the evidence used against her, for her own titillation. Finally, the decision had been made, and she had been summoned to the board.
The short version was she had gotten off. With a warning anyway. Still able to practice, seeing as she had been, in simple terms, blackmailed into the activities, she would have course have to move, somewhere she was unknown in person, and hopefully unrecognised. Getting something off the internet ain't that easy.
Finding a job had meant going through old friends and contacts, this in itself was awkward as of course, the medical grapevine was as efficient as any other at spreading news best kept quiet.
George Kalivianakis had known Liz when they were students, and they had been in contact one way or another at odd times since. Not really friends, more, friendly colleagues. He had a practice deep in the countryside and needed a new partner. As the divorce went very much in favour of Liz, she had the wherewithal to move and buy in. She now needed to get back to work and feel like a doctor again. And get fucked.
George was a couple of years older than Liz, who was now nearing forty three, but still slim and attractive, although she now dyed her hair a golden brown, and used just a little makeup to try to change her appearance enough to not be recognised from her on line performance alone. George had not only seen that performance, he loved it.
Nearly a month had gone by since arriving at Bannerfield Major, which was a small country town not far from Lower Bannerfield, where a couple of years ago there had been a scandal with the vicar and his wife. The surgery looked after a handful of outlying hamlets and other settlements in some very nice countryside.
George, fit and dark skinned due to his Greek heritage, was a firm chap but approachable, his patients were happy with him, as were his staff. Were it not for scars from awful childhood acne,
he could have been handsome. He was at an outlying clinic with Liz on a Friday, late in the afternoon.
"So that's the last of the little ones Liz, what do you think?" George asked.
"Nice, the sort of thing you see in a daytime telly drama, but without the drama. Mind you, none of them are what you would call bad, quite a good set up you have, I really am glad you made the offer George, thank you again." Liz told him.
"I imagine it can't have been easy to find someone to take you onboard after being so close to, well, you know, being struck off!"
"Too true, and thanks again for not delving too deep into that, I know I wasn't struck off, but it could still cast a shadow over the practice in certain quarters."
"I had no need to delve Liz, look." he said as he turned a laptop so she could see the screen, "I know all about it!"
With the curtains open and the light on, the view into the travel inn room through the net curtains was only slightly blurred. If one looked close enough and knew the woman, there was a very good chance of recognising her as she looked out of the window while the dark skinned man fucked her and kissed her neck. It was obviously still her when a white guy had her suck his dick and then fuck her bent over from behind.
Stunned like a deer in the headlights, Liz could only watch as the scene played out before her. There was the feeling of being trapped, the knowledge that George wouldn't show her this just for fun, as well as the fact that she could not afford another big stir so soon into her new position. And the warm wet excitement between her legs and in her loins. That seemed to hold her the most.
She failed to register her white coat being slid off her shoulders. Barely noticed her full length skirt being dropped tp the floor. And, as she watched herself sucking on a strangers cock in a cheap inn, her panties being cut off with surgical scissors.
Choosing to accept being felt up by a couple of fingers, Liz was soon bent forward to lean on the desk with both hands, face close to the screen showing her disgrace on a loop. She knew just what was coming, and while reviled and feeling let down and again used, she also welcomed the long fat brown penis that forced it's way in, all the way in three strokes, and had an orgasm within seconds.
George knew he was onto a winner, the way his cock was welcomed into the wet cave told him he was right. He leaned in and took Liz by the breasts, pulling her back as he thrust, and feeling her nipples like peanuts. He thrust away steadily and firmly for several minutes, bringing Liz off twice as he did so, before telling her to prepare to receive his seed all the way inside her.
"I guess you really are some kind of tart then Liz, you know I'm gonna blow this load inside you don't you! And you love it."
"Oh Jesus bloody Christ," Liz exclaimed, "Must you be so damn cocky about it you bastard?"
Liz came with him as she was filled for the first time in eighteen months. He thrust on afterward, keeping his hard on and undoing Liz's blouse to slip it off. Her bra was next before he pulled out, a blob of cum spreading down her quim to drip off onto the floor. Quickly George led Liz to the examination table and made her lay on it. His clothes almost vanished he removed them so fast, before he climbed up on top and slid his still hard rod back inside the still slightly stunned doctor, and fucked her for all he was worth.
In total confusion Liz let her body take over, it wrapped it's legs around George and pulled him in. It was a long steady fuck, and Liz felt things were just as they should be.
The second laptop continued to record.
Liz didn't recall calling George cocky, but decided she was right. Seeing the recording on the laptop just made her feel horny again, and if George had been there she would likely have fucked him again.
They had talked. George was told that there were limits, and she insisted on incriminating pics of George for her own protection, should anything escape their control. So George posed naked holding a sign dropping him in it, which was added to the recording of the earlier sex, and Liz held a copy.
George had been called to an elderly patient and Liz was left to deal with Simon, the medical rep due that afternoon. The latest addition to the surgery was going to show her worth, and Simon was all to aware.
As soon as the order was finished, Simon, forty with thinning grey hair that made him look older, was asking, "So now that's done, how about starting with a blow job, that discount is surely worth it?"
"Crude as they come, is that any way to talk to someone."
"If it's a slut like George tells me you are, then yes, come on" he said lowering his trousers and boxers, "get sucking on this and stop pretending you're not gagging for it."
Liz was not going to let on that the crude salesman was correct, she made a deep sigh and knelt before him, slowly pulling his erect member into her mouth. A hand was instantly on the back of her head, driving the action.
Unable to turn her head, Liz was thankful it was George's voice that greeted Simon as the door opened. "Hi mate, started without me did you, told you she was good looking."
Liz let them chat while she worked. She had missed being a sex object but even so, Simon was not going to be a favourite, his attitude was off. George began to undress Liz as she knelt sucking Simon's pretty average meat, and when she was asked to stand, most of her clothes ended up on the floor.
The coffee table in the office was low, in fact just the right height to lay a doctor down on and put her feet on you shoulders as you knelt, in order to fuck the woman very hard, so long as she held on to the table to avoid slipping away. It also helped with the later is someone, say George, was to kneel by her head and shove his cock in her mouth, and to his delight, discover that although not a fan, Liz could deep throat very well.
Dr Kalivianakis made sure his long time friend Simon, was aware this was not to be expected all the time. Liz was a doctor first, and a slut, not a whore. Simon must go through George before getting into Liz. Those are the rules.
"I think it's a great idea to chemically make her safe, no condoms in the way, I can't wait to shoot my load up her, she's fucking hot George you old perv, fucking hot."
Liz new it was a complement but from him, not so good, he was definitely not in her good books. She came just after the thought though.
Simon began to buck and sent his whole load of cum into the cunt of his new favourite fuck. He had suddenly cum as he saw Liz swallow the load that George had shot right into her throat, deep throat cream pie was one of his preferred online things. Seeing it in the flesh was just too much.
A short break and Liz was on Georges lap, facing forward, with the large brown cock thrusting in and out, Simon was in front of the hard back chair face fucking Liz as best he could. He was unaware of the lap top recording the event, in case he tried anything the recording would go to his wife.
"Oh shit here it comes girl, swallow my load, swallow it." And Simon let fly with his second load into the back of Liz's throat. As he withdrew and stood back to admire the view, a small dribble of his seed on Liz's chin, George yelled and shot his own seed into Liz's receptive hole, grabbing her hips and forcing her down onto his shooting weapon.
Liz was catching her breath as Simon noted the time and said he had to rush. He thanked both doctors for a great time and stated he was looking forward to a repeat.
"Don't mind his course ways, he's just Simon." Said George. "Well, a few hours and we can go out for that drink and relax, you really are bloody good to fuck you know, I hope we can keep this going Liz, I really do.
He may have been surprised to find that she thought the same.
Sanjay was a junior partner, early thirties, average build but, with a light brown tone from his mother's side, jet black hair and a square cut chin, he was very attractive to the ladies, and a few men too. It was him that had brought Liz's story to Georges attention, aware they knew each other, and was , on the grapevine, as it were.
Now the new team member had been introduced to all the clinics and staff, she would be finding out just who would be making use of her charms and loose morals, and this one was, she decided, rather good looking and well mannered.
After several drinks it was agreed that Sanjay would walk Liz home and just let things happen, George having taken her there. It was about a half a mile from the pub to the small converted barn that Liz had bought, almost fully paid for, courtesy of her ex and the divorce.
Sanjay kept it respectful until out of view of neighbours, and in a dark lane he soon had his arm around Liz and then his hand on her arse. He groped readily to judge her reaction, which was full acceptance. He wished the woman wore shorter skirts, Liz had reverted to her dress style of pre Jason, very conservative.
Once inside and on the sofa with a night cap, it took no time at all for what Liz once called ca noodling to begin. Sanjay was actually behaving more like a boyfriend than anything else, and she was enjoying the change of pace.
Before long the blouse was open, the breasts out, and nipples being sucked and nibbled, but again the skirt was in the way.
"I hate to break things off" Sanjay told a breast, "but that damn skirt is too big to wrestle with and it has to go." With that he stood up, pulling Liz up by her hands, and undid the skirt letting it drop. He set Liz down on the sofa's edge and removed her panties. He then spent nearly ten minutes eating Liz to three orgasms as she sat back in sheer bliss.
When Sanjay moved up he took her feet with him, folding Liz's legs and dropping his cock straight into the wet receptacle waiting for it.
Liz felt more like they were making love than just fucking, Sanjay was a sexual gentleman and a real change. In spite of two orgasms before receiving his cum, afterward, lying alone in bed, Liz felt there was still something missing. And she was afraid that she knew what it was.
A week later, on the Friday night, George drove them both in Liz's car, to a town some miles away, to the site of an old hotel that was now a dilapidated hovel waiting for developers to demolish it. Around the back was a car park, over grown and unkept, an ideal dogging site. Two cars were already there.
Putting on the courtesy light, George undid the front of the button up summer dress to reveal unfettered breasts, and a well groomed quim. A little groping and three male figures arrived around the car. George sat up and lowered the window on Liz's side, and gestured toward the fine breasts on offer.
Liz quivered as the first stranger cupped her breast. This was the missing element, a little danger and strangers. She gave a small groan as the hand slid down to her stomach, and then further, to stroke her snatch. Liz quivered with delight, and she warmed inside.
A little clit rubbing and two fingers entered the wet glove, bringing forth a sultry moan and a small orgasm. With her eyes closed Liz missed the visual request from the stranger, and the permission from George. She was nervously aware of the audience and it made her mush more sensative, tingly even.
The door opening made her jump, she saw two rough hands grab hers and pull her to her feet. Steered to the front wing by a scruffy, thin youth, unshaven and lowering his dirty jeans, Liz was sat on the edge and her feet lifted, it was far easier to lay back on the bonnet. She was suddenly being fucked, no slow entry, now working it in, straight to fucking in a second. Brilliant.
"You've brought a beauty mate, wife or girlfriend?" Asked another youth of similar standing.
"Friend." Replied George, "Cock loving slut friend." He knew Liz would prefer such talk now, so went with the flow.
"Can I cum in it mate?" He was asked. "Course you can, proper cum dump, give her all you've got."
'It' she thought, an object. Just a fuck toy? Yes! Liz came with a loud grunt, to the predictable appreciation of the menfolk. The youth grabbed both breasts and ploughed on.
"Classy little cum slut, so glad I came out tonight, have you had lots of stranger cock darlin', or did you just find out you love it?" The youth asked. Liz had to think, but she could only give one answer. "Lots of cock, lots, and I want more, now!" She demanded.
With the admission Liz began thrusting back as best she could, and revelled in being a slut, she had so missed it.
Having given his load, the lad was replaced by another as another car arrived with two more men and a girl. They joined the crowd and watched as Liz was fucked to another cum and took more seed with a loud moan.
The next male pulled Liz up and turned her round. One of the new arrivals got in front of Liz so she had one hand either side of his loins as she leaned on the car, and fed her his tasty meat, while she was screwed from behind. Her dress was lifted of and put in the car. George accepted a blow job from the girl while the first youth to have Liz, felt her breasts.
As Liz took another cock in her quim, she heard, "Christ, I bet if I'd brought me dog she'd let that fuck her too, look at the bitch take that knob." She was glad there was no dog, she was worried that the voice was right just about then. The very thought of submitting to it made her cum again.
Fucked by all the men present and licked out by the girl half way through, Liz took six loads in her quim and three more were swallowed. The car bonnet was the base for it all weather Liz leaned on it or lay on it. She was laying on the car with her legs dangling as the others left, and George took a one minute video of the cum splashed state of her crotch.
As George saw her indoors, he asked Liz what she thought. "Yes, that was the missing element, damn it I really missed it. Bugger George, what am I, what am I going to do?"
"I'll tell you what," Said George, "Much much more of that, that's what, much much more."
Liz's loins turned over.