I wanted to write this story, not only to entertain but to reinforce the ideal that during our lifetime we make choices and there are always consequences for those choices we make. Sometimes the consequences are great and work out well while other times the consequences are not so good and we have to be willing to accept the penalty for our bad choices.
As the story unfolds there will be detailed descriptions of some events while at other times there will only be passing information so you will have an idea what the characters have been through before we get to the climax.
This story is very long and has many true facts about one family's life and lifestyle. The names of the characters have been changed to protect the persons involved.
You may want to read the previous chapters first so you will have an idea what our characters have been up to.
For the record: All characters in this story are legal aged – over 18!
*
I pulled out a chair and sat down between Donna and my mom. We settled in and started to catch up on everything that happened to us since we returned from our honeymoon.
Finally the conversation moved to our nudist lifestyle. Donna and I explained to our moms that we started to enjoy being nude when we were on our honeymoon. We told our moms about our bungalow being way out on the end of the island and we had our own secluded beach. Donna told them how wonderful it was to make love inside, outside, on the beach and even in the water.
Both mothers expressed concern about someone could have come along and caught us. We started to laugh as our moms stated their warnings. Both of moms stopped talking and Donna told them about the guy who watched us have sex on the beach while he jerked off.
Again both mothers expressed concern about us doing things where we could be caught. I told them, "When Donna and I are at home we are always nude and we have made love in every room, in the pool, on the patio, in the back yard and in the front yard."
When I told them we made love in the front yard, both of them gasped almost in unison. Beth asked, "What would happen if someone came up your driveway when you were out in front of your house nude or worse yet making love out there?"
Both Donna and I laughed, Donna said, "We've talked about that to and we've decided when we are working around the house we are not going to be bothered by clothes or covering of any type, in case someone comes to visit." She continued saying, "If someone comes and catches us nude, they can talk to us the way we are or they can leave, it doesn't matter to either of us." Again an audible gasp could be heard from both mothers.
Donna said, "If we are in the middle of making love on the front lawn, back lawn, patio or in the pool and someone comes to visit, they have two choices, they can leave or wait until we are finished but either way, we aren't going to disrupt our love session just because we have visitors."
Almost in unison our mothers said, "Oh My!"
With this type of news coming from Donna, (another female) I think our mothers were about to accept the fact that we were going to be nude no matter what happens. I am not always a quick wit like my lovely wife so I just sat there and didn't say a word.
My mother was the first to say, "Things have certainly changed since I was younger." She said, "When I was young, the only ones who watched us make out with our boyfriend were the ones we double dated with."
Beth chimed in and said to Donna and my mom, "This is the first time I have ever let another male see me completely naked other than my husband and my doctor. I am starting to like sitting her nude and feeling free. Another part of sitting here nude is there is no one pressuring me to have sex and I actually love this. I want to thank both of you for your house rule."
My mom agreed with Beth and said, "Matt when you first told me about your house rule, I admit I was a little shocked and momentarily uncertain if I could be nude in front of both of you. But here I am and I love the free feeling of being naked and no one has made any indication that I have to have sex."
Donna being a little more than curious about what my mom had told her mom she asked, "Mom what did Brenda tell you when she called you to inform you she was coming out here to stay?"
Beth looked at Brenda (Matt's mom) and smiled. Then she started her explanation with, "I wanted to be with my own daughter during her last week or so of her first pregnancy. I didn't want to be three hours away and wait by the phone to learn that I became a grandmother a few hours before."
All of us sat back and smiled, acknowledging that Beth had shown genuine concern for both of us but after all Donna was her daughter and Beth felt her place was to be with her daughter.
After hearing that part of the story, Donna turned to my mom and asked, "How did you ever tell my mom about our house rule and what did she say when you told her?"
Brenda leaned back in the chair and picked up Beth's hand before she finally started to speak. She said, "I called Beth and we talked for a little while as we do every now and then. I then broke the news to her that I was calling her at your request because it is a long distance phone call for you."
Mom and Beth exchanged smiles before mom continued to speaking, "I told Beth that I was coming over and stay with you until Donna had the baby and immediately Beth told me she wanted to come to. I told her it would be nice to have both moms together but I warned her that I was staying for a couple of weeks after the baby was born to help out."
Beth broke in and said, "I didn't care how long Brenda was staying, I wanted to be here to help out wherever I could."
Still holding hands mom started to speak again, "When Beth said she wanted to come and stay, I panicked a little and then blurted out like Matt did to me, the kids have a house rule, they don't wear clothes in or around their house."
The phone was silent for a many moments then I heard Beth ask, "What are you going to do then if they have a rule of no clothes?"
I told Beth about our conversation how my husband and I had house rules which Matt had to obey when he was growing up. I went on to explain to Beth now that you have a house of your own, you get to make the house rules and if others wanted to visit or stay, they would be expected to obey the house rules.
Again Beth interrupted and said, "I thought she was joking and I was waiting for the punch line but it never came. I was confused because Donna had never been exposed to seeing nude people and I wondered if Brenda was pulling my leg or if she was serious."
My mom said, "The conversation took a whole new turn with Beth asking me all kinds of questions that I couldn't answer. Finally I told Beth if she wanted to find out if there was a nude house rule, she would have to get in the car and come out with me. Then I cautioned her saying if there is, she would be as nude as the rest of us because I had already agreed to be nude."
Beth said, "When we arrived this afternoon we didn't have to wait long to see if there was a nude house rule because Donna was out in the front of the house tending to the flowers and we could see immediately that she wasn't wearing anything. At first I was flabbergasted to see my baby outside completely nude but then I realized that I was going to see you nude to. Then it really hit me that both of you were going to see me nude and all I could think of was, Oh My, what have I gotten myself into."
Everyone laughed and I asked both my mom and Beth how they felt sitting here waiting for me to get home knowing that we would all be nude together.
Mom was the first to say, "I was nervous when I got here and saw Donna nude and even more nervous when I took off my clothes and left my room nude. I didn't know what to expect but I was and am willing to experiment. I'm not sure I am ready to tell your father about all this but while I am here, I will be nude."
Beth was next saying, "Like Brenda I was very nervous and didn't know what to expect and seeing Donna nude right away made me more nervous but then I realized that she was here by herself and it is very obvious by her lack of tan lines that she has been out in the sun nude for hours, so I tried to put my nervousness to rest. I was nervous taking my clothes off and leaving my room nude. I had imaginary visions of orgies and wild sex parties playing hell with my head until Donna brought us out here and we talked about all kinds of things while waiting for you."
Looking at me Beth said, "I must admit when you stepped out on the patio, my eyes dropped to your cock and then back up to your face. I wanted to see what you had that impressed my daughter so much that she would live a nude lifestyle with you. I have to tell you, I am very impressed myself with the way both of you live here."
I reassured both my mom and Beth that we didn't have any wild sex parties here, and Donna and I are truly in love with each other and we have never had sex with anyone else.
I explained to our moms that Donna and I love being nude and this is the first real experience of being nude around someone else. I told them even though we have talked about what would happen if someone came to our home, but no one ever has.
Donna looked at my mom and said, "You said a little while ago that you don't think you are ready to tell dad about our nude lifestyle but I want you to know, if you bring him here or if my mom brings my dad here, they will be expected to be nude just like both of you are now."
My mom was startled by Donna's statement and she said, "Are you sure you're ready for your father and father-in-law to see you nude?"
Donna looked directly at both my mom and her mom and said, "Our house rule is anyone coming to our home has 10 minutes to take of their clothes or they must leave. And while they are nude, they must not cover any parts of their body. So in answer to your question, yes, both my father and my father-in-law would see me nude and I won't cover any part of myself in front of them. Just like both of you are seeing Matt, both of your husbands will be seeing all of me."
Beth looked in my lap and saw my cock was still hard and while smiling at Donna she said, "It looks like you are slipping because Matt is still sitting here with a hard on and you haven't done anything about it."
Donna not to be undone shot a challenge at each of the other naked women, even though they were our mothers, saying, "I'm not sure he is hard from looking at me, (using her finger to point) or is it you or you." Both mothers once again gasped for air while looking at Donna to see what she was going to say next.
Donna went on the say, "Matt loves my bald pussy and as you can see, both of you are completely bald to. Matt loves small breasts and both of you again qualify in that department, so you see he could be hard from looking at me or at either one or both of you."
Once again, Beth threw Donna a challenge and said, "Donna your husband is going to have blue balls if you don't take care of him soon. His cock has been hard for over an hour now and it doesn't seem to be going away."
Donna said she would take care of me when we went into the house. Immediately her mom asked, "But aren't you the one who said a little while ago that you have had sex in the front yard and if someone saw you they would have to wait until you finished.?"
Donna asked, "What do you want to do, watch us have sex?"
Both our moms looked at each other and smiled.
Donna looked at me and said with a chuckle, "I thought you were the only pervert in the family and now I find out both our moms are as perverted as you are."
Donna asked me to stand up and as soon as I did she started stroking my cock right in front of our moms. I was a bit embarrassed at first but then I thought about the fantasies Donna and I had discussed and this seemed like the ultimate fantasy. Not only was this about to happen but our moms had encouraged Donna to take care of me so they could watch.
I looked at Donna and asked her if she wanted to do it right and she smiled at me and stood up, turned and sat on the table before lying down of her back. I stepped between her legs and fell to my knees and licked her bald pussy like a professional pussy eater. Beth got up and moved her chair over next to my mom so she could see what I was doing. After Donna had two or three wracking orgasms she begged me to stop because her clit was so sensitive and she couldn't take anymore.
I stood up and lined my cock up with her spread open pussy. Since Donna was late in her pregnancy I took my time and didn't ram my cock into her the way Donna would normally like me to fuck her. I finally worked my whole cock into Donna's pussy and began to fuck her slowly.
I looked to my side and both our mothers were on the edge of their chairs looking at my cock sliding in and out of Donna's well lubricated pussy. I asked our mothers, "Is this what you expected when you decided to come here?"
Both of them shook their heads no but I noticed that neither of them took their eyes off Donna's pussy. I pumped in and out of Donna's pussy until I told her I was about to cum. Donna was begging me to cum in her. I rubbed Donna's clit as I continued to fuck her slowly and soon she was bouncing, ready to cum with me. I felt my cum rising from my balls then blasted into Donna's womb while she moaned very loudly during her orgasm.
After the afterglow of our orgasms died away, I helped Donna to sit up on the table. She looked at my cock and saw the mixture of our juices glistening on my cock. Donna said, "Honey help me down so I can take care of that."
Donna sat down in the chair and I stepped up in front of her as she lifted my cock to her mouth. She licked some of our juices off my cock before he engulfed my soft cock in her mouth. Donna always loved to suck our combined juices off my cock after a love making session. She told me many times that it was her way of showing me her commitment to our relationship.
Both of our moms were leaned back in their chairs watching Donna clean my cock. I could hear both of them talking between themselves saying if they hadn't seen it, they never would have believed it. Both moms had a finger on their own clit as they watched the action in front of them.
Seeing both moms rubbing their clit and with Donna sucking my cock, I got hard again which wasn't any surprise to me. It was so hot to see my mom and Beth with their legs spread wide and seeing their bald pussies.
Donna looked up at me with my cock still all the way in her mouth and those eyes - those eyes that sent silent messages -- was signaling me that she was in one of her moods.
As Donna stroked and sucked my cock she looked at our mothers and then down between their legs to watch them manipulate their clit. With renewed vigor Donna pumped my cock with one hand and sucked me as if she was trying to get one of my testicles to come through the hole. Her tongue worked feverishly around the mushroom head of my cock.
Soon both of our moms were moaning loudly as their approaching orgasms gripped their bodies and between what Donna was doing to me and hearing our moms, I soon felt my cum once again rising. Moments later the air was filled with screams of delight and loud moans of pleasure as all three of us experienced sexual release. There was a lull in the action and heavy breathing could be heard. This was a new experience for all of us and it seemed that everyone was happy. Never before had either of us experience sexual relief in the company of others.
Finally my mom broke the silence saying, "That was so fucking hot, I can't believe I just had an orgasm in front of everyone."
I looked at mom in astonishment and said, "Mom did you hear yourself? You just said fucking and I've never heard that from you before."
Mom sheepishly looked up at me and said, "Matt, with everything that's happened to me this afternoon, and what I just witnessed, it's a wonder I didn't say something more."
Mom leaned back and began to laugh saying, "Beth, I don't know about you but I am enjoying this free spirited lifestyle."
Beth spoke up saying, "Brenda, had I known we would experience this, I would have come out here sooner. I can't begin to tell you how wonderful I feel right now. I want to thank all three of you for being who you are and allowing me to participate with you in this wonderful lifestyle."
Beth looked over at Donna and said, "Honey, what you have chosen to do with your life is wonderful and you have made me realize that I want to make some changes in my lifestyle starting immediately."
My mom chimed in saying, "I am all for making changes to and I hope my husband will understand."
Beth leaned over Brenda and said to Donna, "Honey, if you ever want to share Matt with anyone, please let me know. He is so considerate and I didn't realize what a good man you have, until now that is."
Donna blushed and said, "Mom as you know we aren't nudists to have wild sex parties, we love being nude and we aren't going to let anything get in the way of our chosen lifestyle."
Going on Donna said, "I never do anything without talking it over with Matt and the same thing goes for Matt. We will discuss your offer and we will let you know if we are willing to share our love with others, meaning you and no one else."
I looked between the two women and said, "Hey what am I, chopped liver? I am standing right here and both of you are talking as if I weren't."
The three women giggled and my mom said, "I think they want you to know but aren't ready for your opinion yet."
I looked at my wife and said, "Your mom made you an offer but it wouldn't seem fair to my mom if you agreed to share me with only one."
Immediately Beth asked, "Matt does that mean you would be willing to make love to Brenda also if Donna agreed to share you with me?"
All of a sudden it hit me like a ton of bricks what I had suggested. I looked at my mom who was staring at me and said to her, "Sorry mom, I just kinda blurted that out trying to make everything even and I didn't think about what I was saying."
Mom said, "That's ok Matt, I think I understand and your suggestion is a little out of line to be socially acceptable."
Donna spoke up saying, "If Matt and I decide to share and I do want you to understand that's a very big IF, then we will share equally if all of us are in agreement. But let's not get ahead of ourselves, Matt and I have to talk this over before anything happens."
Beth looked at Brenda and asked, "Would you make love to your son if they decide to allow us to share Matt?"
My mom blushed and said, "I will have to seriously think it over to because it's incest and even though I have experienced many things this afternoon, I am not sure if I want to go there."
I looked at my mom and said, "Donna and I have to talk about all this but if we decide to share, then I am willing to share equally like Donna stated earlier."
Mom and Beth seemed to be surprised to hear my response to their question but I didn't want one of our parents left out if we were going to do any sharing.
All three women remained seated while I went into the kitchen to get another round of drinks for us. When I returned to the patio, they were engaged in conversation. After passing out the drinks I sat down in my chair. I looked around and noticed all three women were sitting with their legs spread wide and I was able to see all three bald pussies.
Mom saw me looking at her and asked, "Well Matt what do you think of me now? I noticed you were looking at my pussy, do you like what you see?"
I looked up at my mom's face and then back down her body before saying, "Mom I love you more than ever before and you are a beautiful woman. I am surprised how hot both you and Beth look. I hope you don't take offence if I get a hard on looking at you."
Mom gulped and said, "Matt, I love you very much as well and before today I may have slapped you for that last comment but now I want you to look at me and I will take it as a compliment if you get a hard on."
Beth said, "Donna, Matt I hope this doesn't change the way you feel about us. I love both of you more now, than I ever thought was possible."
Our conversation lasted another forty five minutes or so before Donna finally suggested that it was getting late and we needed to get something to eat. After some discussion between us, we decided to order a salad and a pizza for dinner from a local pizza place.
I got up from my chair and walked over to help Donna stand up from her chair. We hugged each other and then turned to face our moms with our arms around each other.
I asked both moms to stand up and come over to me and Donna. Once they were standing next to us, I said, "Let's do a group hug to remember the love we share between us."
We all stepped forward and wrapped our arms around the backs of the person next to us and hugged. I am sure by our nude body contact we sealed our love for each other and at that moment, we didn't care what others might think of our relationship.
It was getting late so we went inside. Donna said she wanted to take a shower before the pizza arrived. My mom and Beth both agreed that a shower would feel great after the great time we had on the patio. Mom and Beth headed off to the hall bathroom together for a shower and I called after Donna to fix the water and I would be along shortly to shower with her.
I called the pizza place and made our order.....
To Be Continued:
** First, thank you for taking time to read my story.
** Please vote and rate my story and if you have some feedback, I would like to hear from you.