We'd headed up north for a spell, getting away from work, the south, and the rat race. The children were growing up and we were growing older. Right now, they were off at school summer camps and no longer wanted to go holidaying with us. Suddenly, we'd found we were trundling headlong through our forties and didn't seem to be able to find the brake. A common enough reality, but still a surprise to find it was happening to us. Delusions of immortality get shed like snakeskin when you find you've stumbled into the second half of life without spotting any warning signs. So, open spaces, fewer people, and a change of pace for a while seemed the prescription. And the medicine was going down well, no sugar required.
We were based at a country pub cum hotel on the edge of the dales with a big comfy bed in the room and good food on hand. The bar featured a massive roaring fire which seemed to be lit all year round on the grounds the weather could turn nasty anytime so it was best to be prepared. Just now, though, it was mid summer. There was a big high-pressure system sitting atop and the appropriate gear for the bar would have been birthday suits. So, we had packed a picnic and gone off exploring. We picked our way through villages and hamlets, took narrow side roads, stopped off to look at churches and noted the starting points for walks we might try, of which there were too many, and pubs we might lunch at another day, of which there were not nearly so many, then circled back to the main road only to set off on another loop and do the same again. By lunchtime we were nearing our objective, a wooded area off a side road with parking and short forest walks. Jo was navigating from the OS map.
"Turn left here," she instructed. We were off the main road again.
"The small side road we need is about two hundred yards ahead on the right."
We were now in a typical country lane flanked by those high hedges between which you spend your time wondering who's going to come hurtling round the corner, whether you'll manage to stop, and how you are going to pass each other. After a mile or so of twisty and disorienting progress without mishap the road suddenly widened, sprouted a broken white centreline in parts, and a forestry sign appeared pointing left to a big gap. We took the gap onto a good gravel track which circled gently to the right through open mixed woodland before straightening and continuing for about a hundred yards to a tree hemmed meadow with the occasional picnic table. We had it to ourselves. And a few million insects.
"This would appear to be us," said Jo, tossing the map onto the back seat.
"Magic! Let's hope the wasps are busy elsewhere," I replied.
We parked on the edge of the meadow under some shady trees and set about making ourselves comfortable. Out came the rug, a couple of folding chairs, and a makeshift table I'd knocked up which folded out from the back of the car, an estate wagon, and was anchored to the boot floor forward tie-down points on the cantilever principle.
The meadow was overgrown, with knee-high grass and thigh-high wild flowers. The picnic tables poked up like wee atolls in a green ocean with coloured flotillas everywhere braving the waves. The rug might be for later. But for now, we sat either side of the fold-out to enjoy lunch. The million insects hummed away in the background, birds twittered every now and then, and the sun blazed down from an unusually blue cloud-free sky. I poured Jo a portion of chilled white and cracked a can of Pepsi myself.
"If no-one else turns up to gate-crash our idyll I might do a bit of sunbathing on the rug," mused Jo. "I'm afraid you'll have to rub some sunscreen over the exposed bits if I do."
"How much are you planning to expose to the assembled throng?" I waved an arm at the empty meadow.
"I'll just take the dress off. My bra and knickers can stay on. One wouldn't want to appear indecent."
I smiled. "I look forward to my anointing duties. Then I'll leave you cook gently while I do the crossword in the shade."
"Did you leave the reading material in the car?" asked Jo.
"Sure." We'd packed a few issues of Search and Relate, long out of print but a good read from the seventies, before the readers' letters sections in the well-known top shelf magazines caught up. Twenty years later they still stood up against the modern stuff. Soft core erotic pillow books in a handy A5 format.
We tidied up the bits and pieces, folded away the table but left the chairs out, and Jo spread the rug a short distance from the car in the long grass, slipping off her sandals and treading it out with bare feet until it was sitting on a cushion of springy vegetation. She slipped out of her dress and tossed it to one side, standing in pure white knickers and lace topped bra both of which shimmered in the sun. She looked magnificent and I was immediately hard. But I had an anointing job to do so I went and knelt by her side as she lay down and I got to work, front first and then she rolled over so I could cream her back.
"Hmmm. This is very nice," she purred. I took the opportunity to fondle her backside and stroke down between her legs. She wiggled appreciatively. "Later. I'll just read for a bit first." So, I handed her a couple of magazines and took my place in one of the chairs. From my vantage point she was visible, but you wouldn't have spotted her for the grass if you approached from a distance.
I hadn't settled for that long before I heard what sounded like a distant car engine. "It sounds as if we may have company soon," I observed.
"Really? I need a pee. Better get on with it." Jo knelt, then stood and walked off the rug to the edge of her trodden patch, slipped down her knickers and squatted facing me. She smiled as a stream of pee splashed the broken and bent grass stems. She knows I love to watch her pee outdoors and she had made sure I got the perfect view. My cock paid immediate attention to proceedings as the sound of an approaching vehicle became unmistakable. Jo whipped her knickers up and resumed her position on the rug just as a white hatchback came round the corner and rolled to a stop at the edge of the track about forty yards away. A chap wearing shorts and a white t-shirt with some kind of artwork on the front got out, opened the tailgate and rummaged around out of view for a spell. He emerged with a couple of bags slung over his shoulders carrying a folded tripod and started towards us down the track. He was medium height, looked lean and fit, and had curly dark hair and a hint of stubble. I put him in his early to mid-thirties. He smiled and I raised a hand in greeting.
I waved to the empty seat, as several things happened almost at once.
"Join us for a drink if you're not in a hurry," I said.
He stopped dead saying "I'm dreadfully sorry. I didn't realise you had company!"
I let this pass as if I was normally in the habit of picnicking alone while leaving empty seats out for strangers. The t-shirt artwork had materialised as two woodpeckers, a green and a spotted, facing each other on opposing sides of a tree trunk, above which was the declaration "Woodpeckers - forever boring". I realised the machine-gun tapping of woodpeckers had been part of the background noise and made the obvious connection.
"You'll be a pecker fancier then?"
And Jo surfaced properly from her grassy enclosure, sitting up and smiling happily. "Hi! I'm Jo and this is my Guy." She flicked a hand in my direction.
"Very nice to meet you Jo. I'm Bill. Does your guy have a name too?"
"It's Guy," I explained.
"Ah," he replied. He didn't move to take a seat. Nor did he look like he was going to rush off to film woodpeckers. He just stood there and took in the view.
The view was Jo, who was sitting with her knees up and together and her arms clasped round them. Her feet were splayed apart. The combination had the effect of squeezing her lace adorned breasts together while affording Bill a clear view of her knickers creasing between her legs. Bill looked like a man who thought this was a pleasant view he could take some time savouring while he waited to see what happened next.
"We're on holiday. We haven't seen a soul all day and you're not interrupting anything. Do have a seat and tell us your life story if you've got a moment before you go chasing your quarry," I offered, deciding on the spur that he looked a nice chap and we were in no hurry to go anywhere or do anything. To the contrary, this chance meeting might lead somewhere. "We've got cold Pepsi, white wine and Carlsberg in cans in the chilly."
Bill, probably thinking something along the same lines, grinned widely. "Best offer I've had since my wife Sal suggested I might like a printed t-shirt for my birthday! I'll allow myself one Carlsberg, thanks very much." He sat down and I cracked a can for him. "The strapline and artwork are all hers. Perhaps she's trying to tell me something." He'd pulled up his seat opposite mine, fortuitously allowing him to maintain his perfect view of Jo.
"Obviously woodpeckers are my thing. I'm a zoologist by trade, and my day job's in the faculty at Lanchester, but I did my dissertation on woodpeckers and I've been following the population in this woodland for around fifteen years. So, I'm a regular visitor to your meadow. It's always quiet during the day, and it's been left to grow wild intentionally. Of course, it's a little different at night".
"Why's that?" asked Jo.
"You'll have spotted it's mostly farms and moorland hills around here. This is one of the few secluded areas of woodland with public vehicle access, so young couples like to come out here to park up. And a few don't mind if they're observed being nice to each other, shall I say?"
"It's good of you to refer to it as our meadow, but we've only just discovered it. Fancy it being the local dogging hotspot!"
"Well I wouldn't go as far as to say it was a hotspot. Though Sal and I haven't been up here in the evening for a long while, so I couldn't really say one way or another." He looked down reflectively at his can, turning it slowly in his hand as he cast his mind back to more carefree days.
"We've never tried dogging, so far. Did you dabble?" asked Jo, leaning forward earnestly, breasts almost bursting out her bra.
"We never put our interior light on to signal we were up for a display, or even more, perhaps. But you knew some of the cars weren't courting couples, and sometimes in the gloaming you could see someone would linger in the hope of getting a naughty glimpse. The thought added a certain frisson for us both. But that was all." The sun, a quick shot of alcohol, and relaxing instead of pursuing his birds had set Bill's mind running off at a complete tangent from woodpecker pursuits. Jo's presence wasn't doing his new train of thought any harm either. He took a long pull from his can and set it down. "Excuse me, but I ought to find a bush for a moment."
"Oh, don't mind us!" said Jo, waving at the grass surrounding her. "I was just having a pee myself when we heard you approaching. I confess my knickers might still be a bit wet." She knew Bill would have spotted this from his perch. And as he stood it became abundantly clear how much he had been enjoying the fact.
"Oh my!" Jo exclaimed. "You seem to have quite a big pecker problem of your own there, young man. I hope you're not going to be shy about it. Perhaps it would help if I provided a wee incentive."
With that she deftly reached behind her back and shrugged off her bra, in that seamless manoeuvre that always impresses. Holding her breasts together she offered them in his direction.
"They probably need a bit of sun, don't they?" she said smiling up at him. "Let's move away from the rug. We wouldn't want to get it damp, would we?"
I'd decided at this point that whatever Bill had been up to in his student days and thereafter, he should have ditched science, said goodbye to the woodpeckers, and headed for Hollywood. He deserved a fistful of Oscars just for getting this far without a moment's hesitation or false step, and I had faith he could pull the whole thing off as if it were his real day job.
Jo motioned to the grass beside the rug and Bill sidestepped while undoing his zip and exposing a generous helping in a fine state of rigidity. Jo, now kneeling beside him and slightly to his front, reached for the beast saying, "Would you like me to hold it for you and do a little aiming? I know you chaps can have trouble weeing in the right direction. Take your time. I know it's difficult to do it while you're stiff."
Bill obviously wasn't one of those who had that trouble. Constricted by his erection a powerful but narrow stream shot out at high velocity.
"Oooh!" squealed Jo, thrusting her breasts forward to catch some of the torrent on her nipples as she took enthusiastic advantage of her assumption of fire control duties. The finishing droplets soon fell glistening onto the grass just beneath them both. And, if anything, Bill's cock now looked even harder.
Jo stood, moved back to the rug and lay down on her back. She slipped her knickers off, pulled her knees up and let her legs part. Reaching down with her right hand she opened her cunt lips, two strands of her juices formed over the widening fissure and flashed in the sun before springing apart. Bill stood transfixed and looking rather eager.
"Take your clothes off Bill. I need you now. See! I'm soaking wet and ready. No foreplay needed."
Bill didn't have much to take off and quickly knelt between her legs as she lay there, a selection of magazines lying on the rug near her head, some open, others closed with the coloured cover page face up. These featured line drawings in ink of young ladies in a variety of poses, mainly wearing stockings and suspenders with flimsy knickers and very short skirts. The whole thing looked as erotic as a Lautrec brothel and I reckoned I was as excited as Bill was about the prospects, though there was no way of testing this and no point in doing so if there was.
Jo raised her arms to enfold him and they embraced as he slid into her.
"Hold still," she breathed. "Just let your lovely cock get used to getting a warm wet cuddle for a moment."
They kissed as she held his buttocks and pulled him into her. "That's it. You're swelling inside me. Hold still while I move against you."
She began making tiny thrusting movements under him, all the while holding him as still as she could. Bill raised himself a little on his forearms and let her work on him, and herself, in her own time. She relaxed her hold on his buttocks and stroked his back, still keeping up her gentle rhythm. I could tell she was incredibly aroused and wondered whether she would bring herself off like this, but that was soon answered. She began huskily goading him on.
"You want to move that big stiffy in and out don't you?"
"Yes."
He began slowly withdrawing and refilling her with his rigid flesh.
"You can be a dirty boy inside me if you want. Would you like to go all big and stiff inside me and fill me up?"
"Please!"
He picked up to a steady rhythm and she responded in kind with more vigorous hip movement.
"Come on then. Do me. Oh yes, that's it. Slide it in and out for me. You've been looking at my reading material, haven't you? Which one do you like?"
"The purple cover."
"The lady at the desk showing her stocking tops and knickers? Do you like stockings?"
"Yes"
"Does your Sal wear stockings for you?"
"Sometimes."
"Does she let men see up her skirt like the girl on the cover?"
"Sometimes, by accident."
"Does it make you stiff when she's being naughty like that?"
"Very. She tells me about her accidental teasing while we make love."
"Would you like her to accidentally tease my Guy while you watch?"
"Oh yes. Yes."
Bill had been increasing his pace as Jo explored his reading, lingerie and other leanings and she pulled her legs back to let him get as deep as he could. "Come on Bill. Fill me up while you think of Sal sitting opposite Guy and flashing her knickers. Do it in me. Come on! Be a dirty boy for me!"
Bill went over the top, pushing as hard and as deep inside her as he could, his cock like a pulsing iron bar jetting his load in shot after shot. I couldn't blame him. I'd never have lasted so long after that build-up.
"Good boy! That was lovely," breathed Jo, stroking his back as he lay on top of her sweating in the sun. "You probably ought to go and look after your woodpeckers now. They'll be missing you and I'm sure Sal will expect reports."
"Sal will be interested in the reports. But they won't be about woodpeckers," he responded as he disentangled himself and reached for his small pile of clothing. "Where are you good people staying?"
"The Speckled Hen, a few miles back," I replied.
"Excellent! The Hen's our local. We might see you in the bar tonight after dinner maybe?" He let the question hang. I looked at Jo, who was now lying on her back reading, shading her eyes from the sun with the magazine.
"We love it when a plan comes together," she said. Too much A-Team over the years, I thought. But I couldn't disagree.
Bill gathered his paraphernalia and after "goodbyes" and "'til this evenings" had been exchanged he trotted off into the woods. As if on cue, the woodpeckers began drumming expectantly.
Jo put her magazine down. She pulled her knees up again and parted her legs. Her cunt lips glistened in the sun once more and a dark patch was visible on the rug where she had flooded after Bill's ministrations. She smiled happily. "Would you like sloppy seconds darling?"
I began undressing. "I thought we were supposed to be avoiding dampness on the rug."
"Well, we're all in now so let's redefine our objectives. I have some unfinished business which needs your attention.'
I lay down beside her and began gently playing with and sucking her nipples. "You seem to be hatching a plan," I observed between caresses. "Tell all, or lose me forever." I moved my attention to the flood gates below, finding her clitoris hard as a cherry stone. She moaned and moved against me as I softly stroked over the distended bud.
"It was the response when I mentioned dogging," she breathed. "Somehow, I felt there was more going on there than he was admitting, perhaps even to himself. And Sal sounds a bit of a kindred spirit; showing off and so on. Oh God! Keep doing that!" I kept doing that. "Maybe we'll end up back here tonight. With them. Would you like that?" she asked.
"Yes."
"You might have to be the sober driver."
"I'm your man."
"I know. But for now, just keep doing that." She was working up to it, the pink flush infusing her upper body as she thrust instinctively against my lightly dancing finger. "Put your cock in now darling. Fill me up too. Now!"
I moved over and quickly slipped in. She was pouring fluid and I was ready to explode myself.
"That's it. Come on! Squirt your load in there too! Do it in your cock-hungry tart!" So I did, as generously as I could manage while her spasm wracked cunt tried to wring me dry. Then we just lay there while I acted as a sunshield until the heat became unbearable, when I rolled off and took her hand while toasting my front.
"We best tidy up and make a move eh? Our woodpecker fan might reappear for early seconds too if we hang about," I proposed.
It only took a few minutes to make ourselves presentable and the car boot shipshape. Then we retraced our route to the main road and drove straight back to our lodgings. We both needed a shower and a lie down in the cool. We dressed again in light summer gear, but Jo added a belt and stockings under her button-up-the-front summer dress, and a gauzy white thong, really two bits of string and a semi transparent triangle.
We had a light bar meal at around 7.00pm. The weather was too warm for serious eating. I stayed on the Pepsi and we sat in the corner of the bar; Jo had a respectable book and I was still plodding along with the crossword. Sitting there in companionable silence, engrossed on our pastimes, we didn't even notice them come into the bar.
"Good evening. It's all happening here then." Bill smiled down at as. At his side was Sal. Around our height, so a good bit shorter than Bill, with brown hair cut in a bob, matching big brown eyes, and a very faint dusting of freckles, an odd combination of genetic material that shouted deep waters with a frisky coating.
"Don't mind him. It's just that he leads such an exciting life," she explained.
"Ah yes, we've heard all about that," grinned Jo, snapping her book shut.
"It's our round I believe," countered Bill.
"Touché. Jo's on the Sav. I'll have another Diet Pepsi with ice and no lemon. Thanks."
I joined Bill at the bar as drinks bearer, second class, while Sal sat down. She and Jo started chatting away as if they were long lost relatives catching up on years of shared history while I asked Bill how the woodpeckers had received him.
"Well! I got some good footage. They're used to me now and pay me no attention. And the young seem to learn from the parents I'm not a threat. A far cry from the early days when I used makeshift hides and camouflaged myself like some SAS jungle operative. But if anyone else appears it's alarm calls and they're off. Thankfully, that's very seldom. Most people stick to the edges of the meadow and the woodland immediately beside the tracks. And it's very quiet as a rule anyway daytime, especially weekdays."
We carried the drinks back to the girls and sat opposite them. The bar was quite busy now and we were surrounded by the usual mishmash of other people's conversations that provides a kind of privacy in public. Sal was wearing a pleated skirt and low-cut blouse. They looked good on her. I was pretty sure she would have chosen stockings too for this evening. Suddenly, in mid conversation with Jo, and without a break, she re-crossed her legs. My guess was right. White knickers too, fuller than Jo's wisp.
Bill was a pints of lager man. Sal had joined Jo on the Sav. We men know our place. We sat and let the girls run the conversation, nodding when required and chucking in the odd "yes, dear" and "of course" when required to corroborate the storylines. Drinks were bought. Sound volume and laughter increased. Suddenly, it was what trainee middle-agers like Jo and I would call late evening, and Sal, understanding that our circadian rhythms might be a little different from theirs, seized the moment.
Leaning forward conspiratorially she said, "I hear from Bill you two might be interested in dogging?"
"That's not quite what I said, darling."
"All my fault," offered Jo. "Bill had been telling us about night time activity at the meadow where we picnicked, and that piqued my interest. I said we'd never tried it, so far, but asked if you two had ever dabbled."
"Well," said Sal, "We've come close, in more ways than one. We never put the light on or opened the windows, but we knew we were sometimes being watched. I have to admit it was exciting. Especially in the gloaming, that dying light where it's close to dark but you can still see quite clearly as your eyes adjust. We were watched once in that sort of light." She leaned forward and lowered her voice. There was no need. No-one was paying us any attention. "Bill had my skirt right up. He was stroking me through my knickers and I was loving it. We could see a chap come up really close. He must have had a good view. Then he got his cock out and started rubbing it. I got a huge thrill surge and told Bill to pull my knickers aside and do my clit. I had a massive orgasm just as the watcher came, spraying the window with his stuff."
"Wow! We always thought it was a bit too dodgy, so we never put the effort in to find out more. It would be different, perhaps, if there was company but going alone seemed a bridge too far."
"No time like the present," Sal replied. "We could go together for moral support. Or perhaps I should say immoral support. Sorry. Must be the Sav talking."
"It's a nice idea, darling, but we've all been drinking quite a bit except Guy, who's been on the sodas. He might not fancy being nursemaid to a trio of bevvied-up hedonists."
"I'm happy to be sober driver on the strict condition you lot don't disappoint as far as disgraceful behaviour goes. If you're not in the red arc the trip's off," I cut in.
"Do we like a challenge or do we?" asked Sal, looking straight at Jo.
"Oh yes we do. Let's get our coats. We've been pulled."
As if there were a conductor waving a baton at us, we sank our remaining drinks in perfect unison and carried the glasses back to the bar with thanks and goodnights to the staff as we made for the door.
"Right children, does anyone need the toilet before we go?" asked Sal. We all did, of course, so it was a few minutes before we were bundled into our car and heading off. The summer sun had not long set and I put the lights on. It was about 20 minutes to the meadow with no detours and we were soon retracing our morning route along the track as I asked for directions.
"Drive past your picnic spot," said Bill. "There's a quite large open area a couple of hundred yards further on bounded by trees on two sides which serves as a turning spot and parking place. If there's anyone else parked up, pick a spot a decent distance from them. There's plenty of room and watchers tend to park and leave their own cars, moving through the trees to approach other vehicles less obtrusively from cover."
Not for the first time I thought Jo had nailed something that had gone right by me. She said she thought there was more to it than Bill had let out earlier. It seemed to be so.
We trundled on past our once sunlit idyll and shortly reached the open area at the far side of the meadow. It had been graded and probably once roughly surfaced but I couldn't be sure in that difficult lighting combination of dipped headlamps and nearing darkness. There were a few cars up ahead on the left.
"Swing right to go down by the side of the trees," instructed Bill. The cars ahead were clustered towards the apex of a rough right-angle formed by the two lines of forest-margin trees. "Our" meadow was behind us and slightly to our right, as I then swung round as directed. A few more vehicles came into view near the second line of trees and we drove past them and parked a decent distance beyond the last. I wondered what this area had originally been cleared for. I stopped the car a few yards away from and parallel to the treeline then turned everything off. Suddenly, we were in silence and semi-darkness with just our breathing and the rustling of clothes to indicate we were alive and alert.
An eerie glow seemed to be filling the car as our eyes adjusted. I ducked down a bit, looking up through the windscreen. A full moon hung above, now brightly taking over lighting duties from the vanished sun.
"We have a Doggers' Moon, girls and boys."
Jo began unbuttoning her dress, reached behind and unclipped her bra, shrugged it off and put it in her bag, then began rummaging around in the glove compartment.
"I've got a couple of vibrators here. Would you like one Sal?"
"Top marks for preparedness, girl. I was a Guide too! Though I don't remember doing this clause. I'm fine without just now. I like Bill to play with me through my knickers to get me going, and a little bird could have told me that Guy might like to watch."
"Spot on. I'll just provide alternative viewing options for the wee lad, then. What's the drill Bill?" With that she turned the vibe on, slid forward a little, opened her legs and began playing the buzzing head gently over the gauzy triangle protecting her modesty. Her dress hung half open, just covering her nipples.
Realising I'd just been offered a sneak peek at the Gates of Heaven without having to pay the usual high entry price my half-hard cock jerked smartly to attention. Sal smiled at me as I turned in the seat from watching Jo to be confronted with her open legs, skirt up above her stocking tops, and Bill expertly and gently stroking her around the clit area through her full white knickers. I had a suspicion my blood pressure was now off the scale. Especially in the nethers.
"Well I hadn't reckoned with a full moon. That'll help in the sense we won't need the interior light to assist any watchers, but we ought to just flash the light on and off a couple of times to indicate we don't mind if we're approached. There's a bit of etiquette about proceedings; the last thing anyone out for a bit of harmless fun wants is a misunderstanding which has a surprised couple calling the police because of unwelcome interference. We've never ventured this far before, as we've always been alone and your point Jo, on that front, was well made. But we've paid attention to what goes on." All the time he was chatting he continued his gentle stroking through Sal's knickers. And Sal kept looking at me looking between her legs.
I tore myself away from the sight and reached for the interior light switch. I flicked it on, counted to twenty, flicked it off, counted to twenty and then repeated the performance. "That should do it. Whatever it is."
It did. As if they were fish being reeled in, a couple of shadowy forms emerged from different points in the treeline and made their way slowly towards us, one slightly to our rear and the other to the front, each aiming for the respective main window pillar as if they were trying to avoid being too obvious to us.
Bill and I both spotted them. The girls were concentrating on their pleasure and both knew the way to play this was to present as if we were intent on ourselves, at least for the time being. So, they avoided looking to their left, while we chaps were both looking in that direction because we were looking at our lovely ladies.
"Put my window down, darling. It's getting stuffy in here," said Jo. I flicked on the ignition and pressed the button. It was still warm outside so the merest suggestion of cooler air was all we got, but I knew stuffiness was not the problem Jo wanted fixed.
She turned off and put the vibe onto the dashboard, then climbed onto the seat, kneeling to face me, her dress now hanging open and her breasts pendulous before me with nipples standing out like little upside-down Eiffel Towers. She hitched her dress up a little. "If anyone's interested, I'm already much wetter than I was this morning," she announced to us.
Front Watcher had moved in as he saw the window go down. He would have heard her remark. Now he was confronted by her lovely globes separated by a thin band ending in a very wet little triangle of material. He did what you'd expect. He reached in and had a good feel around. "This one's running like a fire-hose," he declared to his newly arrived companion-in-arms.
"Pity. I had a bath this morning. Maybe I'll need a shower later though."
"He's groping me. Play with my tits darling." Jo instructed. I took her distended nipples in my hands and began stimulating them the way she liked. She began rocking on her arms and shins as he worked on her charms at the rear. "He's playing with my arse. Get the lube out of the glove compartment." I did as instructed. She took it and handed it backwards to Front Watcher. He took it, used a generous dollop, and put the tube back in her hand. She tossed it in the glove compartment.
"You have a gorgeous arse, sweetie, and I have a raging hard, but I can't reach you with it unless you open the door."
"Condom," she said to me. I reached past her into the glove compartment again and retrieved the box, putting one in her hand. Back she thrust it to Front Watcher, all the while rocking as he played with her.
While this was happening, I'd kept a weather eye on Sal's progress. She'd started thrusting her hips against Bill's hand then asked him to open her window. I flicked on the ignition and nodded to him as he worked the back-seat button. Back Watcher had now closed in too.
"Stick your cock through the window," Sal urged him. A very stiff thick cock jutted through in front of her. "Play with my clit Bill! Make me come while I suck his cock!"
She raised her hips and Bill pulled her knickers down to her knees. Then he delved in to find her clit. And she took the stranger's proffered cock in her mouth.
Jo had released the door handle and was now standing outside with her body inside as before. I had resumed playing with her tits.
"Condom's on. Where do you want me to put it?" asked Front Watcher.
"Take your pick."
"I'll take tight."
"Go slowly." She pushed back.
"He's putting it in my arse, darling. Reach under and play with me."
"He's in. God he's big! That's it darling, just like that!"
"Come on you dirty bugger. Give me a good seeing to!"
Then Sal shouting behind me, "Come on! Squirt all over my knickers you filthy creature!" She had fallen back into Bill's arms. The door was open. He was reaching round and fanning her clit at high speed. Her legs were on the ground outside with her knickers stretched between her knees and Back Watcher was standing between them rubbing his cock madly.
Front Watcher was pounding into Jo, holding onto her dress for purchase. I was now lying underneath her playing with her clit. The central cubby wasn't doing me any good, but a chap's got to do what a chap's got to do. I couldn't see what Sal was up to but she was still being very vocal about it.
"Yes! Yes! I'm almost there. I want to see you mess my knickers you depraved bastard! Come on. Rub it harder. Oh Yes!" Squealing and the sound of flailing about. A sobbing intake of breath.
Then I lost interest as Jo started bucking back really hard and I had trouble staying on task. If they didn't finish soon, I swear the cubby was going to break a rib. I shifted forward by edging sideways to get away from it.
"Come on. Fill that rubber! Let me feel you go all stiff up my dirty arse you bugger. You like that don't you? All tight and dirty? Lecherous sod! Do it! Do it!" He slammed into her and held her still. She dropped onto me breathing hard. They held that for a while, then he plopped out.
"Jesus sweetie, that was unfuckingbelievable!" he gasped.
"Darling, please get off me otherwise the cubby is going to do me a mischief."
I extricated myself and looked over to the back. Sal was lying back in Bill's arms looking ecstatically happy. Back Watcher was adjusting his dress. "Thanks! You're a real doll!"
They melted back into the trees.
Jo regained her seat and pulled the door shut. She turned and looked at Sal. "You OK?"
"Dirty bastard got my knickers all messy."
"They do do that, sometimes. No amount of training seems to improve them. And they always complain we egg them on."
"Shameful eh?"
"That's men for you. Shameful."
Bill and I looked at each other. We did our best to look ashamed. It wasn't very convincing.
"I know you ladies could go seconds or thirds, but we've only just got our training wheels off here. That was pretty incredible for a first ride. I suggest we retire and regroup. If we hang around, we'll soon have every horny bastard for fifty miles come and spray the car windows."
"Really?" said Sal. "That's the best pitch for staying put I've ever heard."
Bill gave her the look. She began giggling. "You're so damn serious sometimes! Of course, we need to split." She looked at us. "Come round to our place for a nightcap. We're only a short stroll from the Hen. We can drop the car at the Hen and walk. It's no distance at all."
It wasn't that late really. And I reckoned there'd be a lot more action here as the night wore on. But Bill was right.
"That's a grand idea. I might even have a celebratory tot myself."
Jo fished for her bra. "Come on then. Take us home or dip us in honey and throw us to our lovers."
I turned the key again, all the way this time. "Work your own windows." The moon watched us all the way back to the pub. And it kept watching us as we walked past a few houses to a bungalow style home, but built on two slightly different levels. It was set back from the road on a bank overlooking the river, and we had to walk up a fairly steep drive to reach the building platform. There was a generous gravelled area for cars with a double garage. The lower level of the house was attached to the garage. The top of upper level could only be glimpsed behind it.
"Welcome to our castle. I wanted turrets and battlements but Sal said I'd get quite lonely without her if I got them so we settled without." The lower level featured bedrooms and bathrooms and an office cum workshop adjacent to the garage, all accessed from a central hallway which led up a half or three-quarter stairway at the end to the upper level. This level was open plan, with a veranda at the front covering part of the lower level. So, the design was almost a two-storey house but with the upper storey shifted as if a fault line had allowed it to slide back. From the air it would look like a normal bungalow.
We emerged into the big living space. There was a generous kitchen diner to our right and the usual furniture, TV and sound stuff occupied the adjacent space. Another small dining table sat by one set of sliding doors, which led out to the veranda. There were doors at the back of the room which would take you to the rear accommodation I assumed. Bill waved us to a sofa and he and Sal set about getting us all drinks. I was thinking they were doing rather well out of zoology. Perhaps Sal was earning the big biccies.
"Still on the Sav Jo?" Sal waved a bottle.
"Fine."
"Scotch Guy? A tot of malt perhaps?"
"I'll take the malt."
They returned with glasses filled, and sat opposite us. "Talisker," said Bill.
I swirled the liquid gently and let the peaty aroma waft around a bit. Sal was letting me see a fair amount of leg and so on, and I was soaking it up.
"This is not just a home," said Bill. "It's our safe haven. No secret cameras or microphones. Old fashioned solid doors and windows with good locks is it. We like to relax. So please do too." His hand fell to the side and he began stroking Sal's leg. Jo moved her leg against mine and I realised she must be showing them a fair bit too. "Here's to a great evening's dogging. Not bad for two brace of beginners. I noticed you insisted on a condom being used, Jo. Very sensible."
"Just for safety reasons. I had a precautionary hysterectomy four years ago after a smear result, so pregnancy isn't an issue."
"You seem to have recovered without any ill-effects. We're trying for a baby, so I wasn't going to go as far as you Jo," Sal added. "Though I was a little envious, before I lost the plot a bit. This evening's outing went way beyond what would have been our comfort zone had we been alone."
"Likewise," I added. "We live normal humdrum lives. Our two kids are at summer camps right now, and no longer want to holiday with us. Over the years, days like today have occurred only a handful of times in our lives. The difference this time is that we're with people who've invited us into their home. That's a first. In the past it's involved work colleagues or visitors we'd probably never see again in the same circumstances, or complete strangers whose paths we crossed by pure chance just the once. But you'll have spotted we do jump on the opportunity if it presents." I grinned happily. Sal's skirt was riding up as Bill moved his attention between her legs. I took a sip of whisky but made sure I didn't miss anything.
"So, I work for an engineering firm with offices in the London area and elsewhere. Jo's in event management, which is how we first met in the West Country what seems like aeons ago. She was doing a local event for our firm. Bill told us he was an academic. What about yourself Sal?"
"Corporate lawyer in merchant banking. We met at uni. So, I'm following Bernie Cornfeld's maxim. If you sincerely want to be rich you need to look after other people's money. I'm a helper on team greed."
"She keeps me in bacon butties so long as I keep being nice to her," said Bill, stroking away in a steady rhythm.
"Sounds like a deal made in heaven," said Jo. "What happens when Bernie Cornfeld Junior makes an appearance?"
"There's a good leave policy and we like beans on toast. You like watching, don't you Guy?" segued Sal.
"He does!" agreed Jo. "He likes watching me do naughty things with other men too. But we've never been in to wife-swapping. It has to be in the open, if you know what I mean. And he's not much interested in other women, outside watching, anyway. Though I realise I'm not being a kill-joy. You wanting to keep tabs on deposits to the bank just now! And I must apologise. I took a deposit earlier, but I can't offer an interest-bearing account."
Jo had slipped forward and let me into the gauze covered treasure chest. She unzipped me and fished around for my cock. It sprang out enthusiastically and she began stroking me. Sal was moving her hips back and fore, in time to Bill's caresses. I could see she was getting excited.
"Are you going to squirt while you watch me being a dirty girl, Guy? Would you like to watch me accepting a deposit from Bill?"
"Yes, please."
Sal slipped her knickers down, Bill sat forward, and she climbed onto his cock while facing us. She began bouncing up and down on him while playing with herself. Bill dug his heels into the floor and began thrusting back at her. Soon he was going for it like an athlete for the tape and Sal was being tossed about like a dinghy in a hurricane, but she somehow managed to stay on his cock.
"Come on Guy, squirt in the air for me,' shouted Sal. Jo was stroking me hard and fast and I wasn't far short of making a fairly spectacular mess, despite earlier activity.
"Do it in me Bill. Breed me you horny bastard. Breed me while Guy spays his trousers! Do it boys! Now!"
I felt as if a giant hand were squeezing my innards between my legs, I went rigid, my cock stood out and dollops of spunk shot out onto my legs. Bill did the same, but he was buried in Sal and so she got the full benefit.
Only Jo hadn't come on this occasion; she seemed happy with that. Her earlier bouts probably being quite sufficient.
"Time for a cuppa," said Sal. "You guys can stay the night in the guest bedroom up here. It's next door to ours. Then you can walk back to the Hen for breakfast after we've given you a morning coffee."
I looked at Jo. She smiled. "I certainly don't feel much like walking anywhere just now."
"And for the record, if our paths don't cross again this visit, we'll invite you to the christening."
"It's a date," I said. "Now, I think we need to go and have a quiet lie-down. See you in the morning."