Many had been lured to the big city seeking fame and fortune. Some with the promise of work or education in a lucrative trade. Others came to Scroatsburg to pursue their art or passion. Saphica Scissors wanted a career helping people. She found them fascinating and her sincere kindness disarmed all but the most misanthropic. With her charisma and work ethic, she had found a school that suited her and a mentor she had developed a crush on.
"Your attention is wandering; focus, maintain control."
"Yes, Mistress Taint!" Saphica squirmed in her seat. They had been practicing for quite some time.
"Be mindful of your breathing, slow down, and let's do it again."
Saphica took several deep breaths, centered herself, and began again. She could feel the energy building. Pulling enough energy had never been the problem, her mentor had likened it to a stampede of wild horses. Control was what gave her trouble. Saphica began to shape it, to gently direct it into a column. Initially, her energy would comply, but just as she started feeling confidant it would rebel.
"I ca-can't hold it--"
Saphica's muscles contracted as she orgasmed. Her tan skin glistened with perspiration and her brown hair with strands of gold was matted to her forehead. She was seated in the unimaginatively named spreader chair which splayed her legs wide for easy access. Her arms and breasts were bound in hemp rope.
Her mentor, Tabitha Taint, sat on a pillow in front of this marvelous display. For the better part of an hour, she had teased Saphica's clit, fingered her G spot, and held her at the point just before orgasm while Saphica tried to control her energy.
They were practicing in the Gaudere, a sexual gymnasium filled with all manner of stimulating toys, furniture, and implements. There were several others of their order in various states of practice too. For them, this was a religious practice. They were worshippers of Libidini. Their core tenant was that sexual pleasure was a gift from the gods and it was to be explored, honored, and shared, for it was the sole connection to the divine.
Like all religions, there were arguments about the correct method of worship, arguments about which rules were iron-clad and which were more like suggestions. The Libidini Adorata sect believed that the quantity and frequency of orgasms were all that mattered and they pursued it relentlessly. It was rumored that Lady Eversire was a devout member of this sect. She famously orgasmed everywhere she went by means of a clockwork device she wore.
The Libidini Dominus sect believed that only through mastery of their bodies and minds could they hope to touch the divine. To this end, they pursued all sexual acts with fervor and were quite competitive with one another. Their temples were both places of worship and schools teaching the erotic arts. This was Tabitha and Saphica's sect.
It was common for senior clergy to select a promising novice to mentor. The title of this junior position was miko. It meant accelerated advancement for the mentee and an assistant for the mentor.
Tabitha hadn't taken on a miko in some time, and Saphica hadn't considered becoming a miko until she met Tabitha. Tabitha was unusual, mysterious, and treated with deference. Saphica was smitten and actively pursued her. Tabitha initially declined, but Saphica was persistent. Tabitha could see her natural talent and liked her ambition.
A woman dressed in a black leather monokini entered the Gaudere. Her thick nipples were pierced and adorned with shields. She had once been quite muscular but years of office work had softened her form. Her wavy blond hair was pulled up into a topknot. Tabitha knew her as Mahant Charity Swallows, the highest ranking member of the temple. The mahant's purview was the workings of the temple.
"Sister Taint, I hate to interrupt but may I have a word with you?"
"Certainly Mahant, just a moment." She selected and lubed a large, nubby dildo from the rack and attached it to the rod of a mechanical box. She placed the box between Saphica's legs and angled the rod so that the head of the dildo was just penetrating her pussy. She turned a knob on the box and it sprang to life, pumping the large dildo into Saphica's wet vagina at a sedate pace. Lastly, she placed a ball gag in Saphica's mouth and buckled it.
Tabitha took a moment to admire her handiwork and marvel at Saphica's stamina. "Enjoy your independent study, Saphy. I won't be *too* long."
The two senior clergywomen found an empty balcony. "Sorry for the delay, were practicing shaping."
"No apologies, I know how it goes. I haven't taken on a miko in ages. Running this temple takes everything. I do miss it... but I didn't interrupt your lesson to reminisce. I've received a worrisome missive. Mahant Blisscox of the Fossegrim temple. She needs a particular skill. She has... she has requested an--"
"An Inquisitor," Tabitha supplied. "How unusual."
"Yes. You were one of our best back in those dark days. I know the burden you carry, so I do not ask this lightly. Would you take up the mantle again?"
Tabitha stood in silent contemplation looking out over the city. Fossegrim temple had been hit hard, perhaps the hardest, but it'd been decades. To invite an inquisitor back... Tabitha was simultaneously excited and disgusted with herself for being excited. "I serve at Mahant Blisscox's pleasure."
"She does not spook easily. I believe whatever threat she has found is genuine."
"If they have returned, I will find them, and I will purge them."
- - -
As the incessant dildo marched her ever closer to orgasm, Saphica fought for control. She tried to concentrate, but it felt so good to not, and it didn't help that she was distracted. She had a crush on her mentor, and her heart fluttered when Tabitha called her Saphy. Unfortunately, romantic relationships between mentor and mentee were against the rules. Tabitha claimed it was to protect the mentee.Why is it so much hotter when it's forbidden? Do I even have a shot?
Lost in thought, she hadn't noticed the approach of Biscuit Blowhard, one of her rivals from the neophyte cohort.
"Ever the teacher's pet, eh slut?" Biscuit sneered. "Are you in your happy place? Are you being good for your scary, goth mommy?"
Saphica stared daggers at Biscuit. Her jibe had struck a nerve. Tabitha wasn't that much older, and sure, she was a little witchy. Tall, lithe, pale skined, raven haired, sexy, boss bitch with an ass that, that... But she was so much more than that! Saphica mumbled "Fuck off," into her ball gag.
"What's that sweetie, you want me to turn it up? Happy to help!" responded Biscuit as she ratcheted the dial on the machine up two notches. Biscuit watched Saphica's distress with a smirk while the dildo relentlessly pounded her hole.
Saphica called out, but it sounded like enthusiastic moaning. She couldn't concentrate on anything except that large cock jackhammering her G-spot. She orgasmed again.
"What's wrong, Sister? Is this cock not big enough? You were always an overachiever." Biscuit turned off the machine. "Let's get you all set up so you can really impress her!"
Suddenly Biscuit's vision went black. "Wha!" was all she could get out before she was slammed to the floor. She felt as if she was pressed through the floor into a void. Suspended there in limbo Biscuit was scared. She screamed, but no noise came out. She had no idea what was happening to her or for how long. Suddenly, she heard a voice come through the inky blackness.
"Let's make this a teachable moment, shall we?" said Tabitha calmly. "You made two mistakes here Sister Blowhard. Do you know what they are?" She waited for a response but Biscuit could give none.
"Firstly, you failed to get consent before engaging in sexual activity. Is that not the lesson on fucking day one of neophyte training?" Again she paused for a response that Biscuit was incapable of giving.
"Secondly, that'smymentee you're abusing!" her voice boomed. "While she's under my charge her holes are my holes! You fucked with my holes, Biscuit. I don't take kindly to that."
Terrified, Biscuit tried to apologize profusely, to beg for forgiveness but no noise came out.
"I accept your apology Sister Blowhard. I see the jealousy coursing through your heart but that is not the whole of you. I think you can do better than this petty bullshit. If you choose to stay, Mahant will handle disciplining you. You'll be eating her ass for a couple of weeks as atonement, but you'll be a better person for it, and I believe that she can help you. Now, come up, slowly."
Biscuit felt like someone was pulling her up out of her inky prison. As her senses returned, she realized that someone was indeed lifting her to her feet and a bag was being pulled from her head. She was wobbly but could stand. Saphica was still completely nude and her skin was freshly marked by the hemp rope. What had felt like ages had only been moments.
Saphica gently wiped the blood from Biscuit's nose, she looked concerned. Sister Taint was talking to Mahant, who looked furious. Biscuit's hearing returned last.
"She let jealousy cloud her judgment and did something stupid." said Tabitha. "She needs help, she needs your guidance. Turning our backs on her would be a mistake. Choose a punishment, as draconic as you like, make her do your worst busy work, but give her a chance."
Mahant sighed and conceded, "Very well, Tabitha, I'll make the time. Sister Blowhard, you have much to atone for."
Keenly aware of how close she had come to being expelled, Biscuit turned to Saphica and said quietly. "I'm truly sorry for my behavior. I was--am jealous of what you have, but I'll work hard to be worthy of forgiveness. Sister Taint, thank you for your mercy. Mahant, I serve at your pleasure."
"For the foreseeable future yes, yes you do. We will start with corporal and figure out your penance later. Strip and get yourself to the pillory." She pointed to a corner of the Gaudere with many paddles and whips.
"Yes, Mahant!" Biscuit scrambled to comply, both excited and scared in equal measure.
- - -
As they walked through the temple to their rooms, Saphica could tell that Tabitha was upset. Something had set her off. Something had her on guard. Was she disappointed? "Mistress, I'm sorry to have caused you trouble."
Tabitha took a deep breath. "This was not your failing. So long as you choose to be my miko, you are mine to teach, mine to use, and mine to protect." Tabitha stopped walking and looked Saphica in the eyes. "It's been a long time since I've had to worry about safety in the temple... I've let you down, for that I am sorry."
Saphica had found the temple to be a safe space in a city full of relative danger. "This was just happenstance. Besides, you rescued me before anything got out of hand." Saphica had swooned a little when she saw Tabitha leap through the air like a jungle cat and come crashing down on Biscuit with her dark fury. "So... what was that thing you did to Biscuit?"
"That was a blackout. It's a psionic attack that removes your victim's senses and plunges them into the void. Often used in interrogation but it's also great for incapacitation."
Saphica had never even heard of such a technique. "Where did you learn how to do that?"
Tabitha was silent for a few moments. "I was an Inquisitor." She looked for any indication of understanding on her mentee's face but found none. "It was a special position in the church back in the bad days. I was responsible for telling friend from foe, and It seems that I am needed again. Fossegrim has requested my services."
There were rumors shared among the younger members about a past conflict between Libidini and an unknown aggressor. "Why will no one will tell me about these bad days?"
Tabitha sighed. "It was not a pleasant time. Those of us that lived through it don't speak of it lightly."
Saphica knew better than to press for more. "Will you teach me how to do a blackout?"
"In time..." Tabitha smiled kindly. "I'll teach you anything you wish to know. For now, work on controlling your energy."
"Yes, Mistress. So, we're going to Fossegrim?" Saphica was excited to be going on a trip with her mistress.
"Yes, though it'll be dangerous. Inquisitor work always is. You can stay here if you're not ready."
"No!" Saphica almost shouted. She calmed herself. "No, I belong to you. I go where you go."
"Very good." Tabitha gently caressed Saphica's cheek. "Pack our things, we're going on an adventure."
- - -
The Magistratus recognized the church of Libidini as a religious nonprofit but it had taken quite a lot of convincing that they weren't a clever ruse by the Seamstress Guild attempting tax fraud. Among other revenue streams, the temple happily accepted donations from appreciative patrons, and the University of Erotic Arts required tuition. As such, the Libidinous order required an accounting department to record and report their financial dealings. Someone had to act as treasurer, and this was the job of the Bursar. Saphica had been here before to pay her tuition but she didn't remember much, excited as she was. She found the office with a little plaque that simply read 'BURSAR' and knocked at the door.
"Enter," said a male voice.
In this small office, at a desk covered in ledgers, sat a bespectacled, mustachioed, balding, middle-aged man who seemed like the type to be excited by financial reports. The office was very well organized. It was clear that everything had a place and he was most comfortable when things were in order. The nameplate on his desk read Burly Riggle, Bursar.
"Hi, I was told I should talk to you about travel to Fossegrim."
"Ahh, that would make you Sister Taint's miko, yes? I'm the bursar but you can call me Brother Riggle if you prefer. Mahant has already approved your requisition for this intra-temple activity. What is your name?" he asked looking up from his ledger.
"Scissors."
"Scissors, yes, there you are. You are approved to expense round trip fare for two on the SLAG to Pissdorf and passage on a sailing-vessel... the uhh... Blubber Lubber to Fossegrim," explained Burley. "We are unfortunately bound by law and budget to pool our travel with other city offices," He sighed. "We get a great group rate, but the coordination is a right pain in my arse. This means that you'll rendezvous with the Scroatsburg-Fossegrim travel contingent in Pissdorf at an inn, I think... the uhh... the Busted Flush."
"Busted Flush?" she muttered.
"Yes." Riggle double-checked. "The Busted Flush. Your tram tickets are at the will-call counter. It leaves this evening. Captain Manlove is expecting to meet the contingent tomorrow and set sail the following day. Keep an itemized list of all expenses incurred in the pursuit of temple affairs and when possible the receipts, please. Here's some petty cash. Keep it safe, Sister. Sign here, here, and here."
Saphica attempted a cursory examination of the documents but quickly abandoned her efforts and just signed the bureaucratic forms.
"Thank you. Now if that's all, I must bid you a good journey and run off to teach my class on erotic finance."
"Oh yes, certainly... erotic finance." Saphica grappled with what that could mean. "Thank you for your help and uhh, enjoy your... numbers."
"Oh, I will!"
- - -
The tram engine had built up steam and began moving. A couple of late passengers leaped aboard as it headed out of the station. The tram quickly reached the edge of Scroatsburg and the scenery opened to fields, then forests, and in the distance, mountains. Saphica had never been to the mountains and wondered what mountain life was about. She pictured living in a village populated by hard, bearded, thick-dicked men and soft, curvy, thick-nippled women. Tabitha stared out the window as well but she was certainly not thinking about alpine gangbangs.
"Anything interesting out there Mistress?"
"Just ghosts..."
"Really?"
Tabitha smiled. "Let's continue our lesson from earlier. Take off your skirt and underwear."
Saphica gleefully removed her lower garments and knelt before her Mistress. Her mountain folk fantasy had made her horny.
"Start with counting your breaths. One on the inhale, two on the exhale. Good. Once you get to ten start back at one and begin stimulating your clitoris. Focus on your body, on what you feel."
Saphica breathed deeply and counted. She cleared her mind and focused on her clit. She liked how her mistress watched her masturbate kneeling on the tram floor. She could feel her clitoris engorge, and an orgasm started to build. Her energy center began to fill with wild energy. Had she drawn the curtains? They were behind her now and she didn't dare break from her instructions.
"Don't force it, but ask it to move where you want it."
She attempted to push it into a column but again it was wild as ever and resisted even the most gentle direction. She was getting close to orgasm and that made her anxious. How many times could she fail before she disappointed her mistress?
"Stop."
Despite being on the verge of orgasm she obeyed. Her pussy ached, but the denial just made it hotter.
"Perhaps we need a fresh line of attack. Take off your top, come, lay across my lap." Saphica quickly obeyed, and Tabitha slowly caressed her butt and outer labia. She slid two fingers into her wet, eager miko.
Saphica moaned as she felt fingers probe her G-spot. Her energy was building and wily as ever. She pushed back against the fingers, looking for more stimulation.
"You're certainly enjoying yourself, slut. Perhaps too much, perhaps you need to work for it." Tabitha pulled her fingers out and brought her hand down sharply onto Saphica's round butt cheeks. The spank made a loud smack.
Saphica grunted. It hurt, but it also amplified the pleasure. It was followed by many more, pelting her cheeks and the backs of her thighs, building in intensity.
"Use the pain, bend it to your will." Tabitha relented and switched back to fingering.
The game became clear: this was her reward. The more pain she took the more pleasure Tabitha would give her. Saphica moaned and rocked her hips with her mistress's rhythm. Her energy was building fast now as she approached orgasm again. "P-please, harder..." she panted.
"So eager to please, so eager to perform. Show me." Smack! Tabitha switched to spanking again and went harder than before.
Saphica focused and packed her energy into a tight ball as the blows reddened her ass cheeks.
Tabitha switched back to fingering and noticed movement in the hall window. "We have an audience. Someone is watching through the window, getting off on your pleasure--and your pain. Does that get you hot Saphy?"
Her heart fluttered. "Ngh... yeeees," she managed. "Please, please--"
"Not yet. Earn it. Here it comes again."
Her slaps rained down even harder now all over her already very red cheeks. Saphica cried out. Everything was on the edge of too much. Too close to orgasm. Too much pain. Too much energy. She mustered everything she could and focused her energy. Suddenly it clicked. Her energy became compliant. It was not yet her ally, but it was no longer like a wild horse trying to buck its rider.
"Good girl. I'm going to push you over the edge, I want you to shape it." Tabitha mercilessly fingered her G-spot. "Cum for me!" Saphica began to climax and Tabitha spanked the hell out of her, driving it higher and higher.
Saphica orgasmed harder than she ever had before. Her energy complied and she shaped it into a column. Time slowed for her and everything became simple and clear. She could feel the energy source. She could reach out and touch it. She could give back or take more as she needed. This was the place where her kind communed with their gods.
Something reached out to her through this conduit she had constructed. She could see a generally humanoid figure floating above her. This was a Celestial. It had four sets of glowing eyes and grand wings. It was entirely nude, and this one had female parts and seemed to be in a sexual fervor. It orgasmed above her. Saphica watched in awe as it writhed in pleasure. A single drop of liquid dripped from its orgasming genitalia. As it fell, Saphica caught it in her mouth. It spread across her tongue, and the world came rushing back. She was cradled in Tabitha's arms in the tram car. The countryside was bathed in sunset as it rolled past the window.
"I did it, I experienced ekstasis," she whispered.
"I'm proud of you, Saphy. Most people don't achieve ekstasis in their first year of study."
Saphica blushed and her clitoris tingled. "So, I guess I've got a lot of ass beatings in my future," she joked, feeling a little embarrassed.
"Don't be ashamed of the sexual acts that work for you. They are what make you special. For women, the vast majority achieve it with clitoral stimulation. Sometimes paired with something like spanking as you did. For men, it's about a fifty-fifty split between cock and prostate. There was one follower who could only experience ekstasis while being kicked in the nuts. That was a fun one--"
"Ohh, but it's getting quite late." Saphica jumped to her feet "And I haven't properly taken care of you! Please Mistress, may I start the evening ritual?"
"So diligent," Tabitha chuckled "Yes, let's begin."
Saphica, still completely nude, undressed Tabitha and put away her clothes. She prepared a wet cloth and ran it all over her body, paying extra attention to her nipples. They were very hard. Saphica got down on her knees and washed her mistress's lower half. She ran the cloth all over her ass and legs.
"May I show my devotion?"
"You may."
Saphica loved rimming her Mistress. It was incredibly intimate and made her wet just thinking about it. Saphica spread Tabitha's cheeks and lapped at her asshole teasing it with her tongue. What had started as a penalty quickly became a reward and because Saphica so enthusiastically worshiped her butt hole it had become their favorite way to show affection.
Tabitha moaned and watched Saphica happily tongue-fuck her butt.
Saphica felt a gentle hand on her head. Her tongue reluctantly retreated. Tabitha bent down and kissed her deeply. "Alright slut, you got me worked up, now you gotta finish me."
They pulled down the fold-out tram bed and climbed into it. The two women pleasured each other as the tram cut through the crisp night air.
- - -
Aside from the voyeurism, Trixie's evening had been uneventful. She was sharing her compartment with an oblivious, talkative, bore of a man who was really into trains. He droned on and on about the train on which they were riding. No amount of disinterest on her part could convince him to shut up.
At the first opportunity, she slipped away to the bar car for a drink. It was empty save for the bartender. She ordered a beer and found a cozy table. As she drank she reflected on the day's activity.Fucking Yaro, selling me out to the Aedile. I thought I had thoroughly greased that palm. I certainly greased his cock. Well, at least I got to know Odette better. That woman is very persuasive.Trixie's cock was hard again.And those women in the compartment, I need a spanking like that. I wonder if I could have joined them? They seemed kinky, but then again I'm some rando perving on them through the window. Probably best I didn't try.
The bartender interrupted her internal what-if analysis. "Another beer?"
"Yes, please."I wonder if the bartender would be able to see if I was masturbating right here. There's no one else here, and the table would surely obscure his view.
The bartender dropped off a fresh pint and left the bar car on an errand.
She took a long pull from her drink and decided to do it. She unbuttoned her pants and pulled her cock free. The vibrations of the tram were already making her leak precum. Under the table, she stroked it while thinking about those two women getting it on. She fantasized about having a reason to approach them. The beer was good and she was feeling pleasantly buzzed.
Maybe I'm an attendant, offering turndown service. Knock knock, whoops I barge in on them. Ohh they're fucking. I'm such a ditz. I deserve a spanking too! Eat your pussy? Well, the customer's always right.
It was a pretty flimsy premise, but it got the job done. Trixie had reached the point of no return and realized she was about to paint the underside of the table in semen.
Shit, this was not well-planned...She scrambled for solutions.Empty pint glass, yes!
Trixie grabbed her glass and quickly put it in front of her cock and orgasmed. She pumped spurt after spurt into the glass until it was half full.
Ha, I'm a genius!She thought and proudly set her glass of semen on the table. She had just put her dick away when the bartender returned.
Shit! How am I going to explain this pint glass of spunk? This was definitely not well-planned!
Trixie looked around in panic. Unable to think of a better solution, she grabbed her pint and chugged it.
The bartender ambled over just as she finished. "Last call."
Uncomfortably full, Trixie replied, "No, I'm good. Three's my limit."
"You've only had two."
"That's what I said, here's money, I'm going to bed."
Trixie left the bar car and the bartender who was suspiciously sniffing the cloudy glass. Her stomach sloshed and gurgled as she made her way to her compartment.Under better circumstances, this would have been really hot...
The boring guy had already turned in some time ago. Exhausted, she crawled into her berth. One final thought occurred to her as she drifted off to sleep.I should have brushed my teeth.