This is a story about the affair I had with my roommate Matt's girlfriend in college.
I had always had a crush on my roommate's girlfriend Abigail. And been envious of him for getting to sleep with her. She was slender but with soft enticing curves. Tan skin, thick dark hair. Very perky breasts. Just a beautiful girl.
I was ashamed to admit, but I had touched myself thinking about her.
Sometimes when she had come to visit, I had heard them fucking.
Nothing felt dirtier or more pleasurable than feverishly stroking my meat in rhythm to her lustrous moans. Bringing myself to orgasm as she whimpered and whined getting pounded down the hall. From the volume and showmanship of it all, I'm pretty sure she was faking her orgasms, but she was loud because she knew I could hear her. And that turned me on even more. She was putting on a show just for my pleasure. A true exhibitionist whore. I knew it was fucked up. But I just couldn't stop.
She was a feisty girl with a very loud personality to match.
I always felt like she was teasing me on purpose when she sat around our apartment in slutty mini shorts or tank tops. She was always showing so much skin. She'd laugh and ask what I thought of her outfits, touch my arms.
Now it might've just been wishful thinking on my end, but sometimes I could've sworn she was looking at me as if she wanted something more. A lustful look. Perhaps even thinking the same thing as me.
I didnt get confirmation of this till one Tuesday night, after we had all gone to bed. I had almost fallen asleep till I saw her standing against my door in her pajama shorts and a vest.
"Hello?...are you awake?"
i answered. And she revealed to me what she wanted to do with me. She had a major cuck fetish. And she wanted to use me to fulfil her sexual fantasies. it turned her on to get fucked whilst her boyfriend was asleep next door. She told me tales of how she'd dreamed of sucking men off whilst he was at work. Sending nudes to other men whilst sitting on the same couch as Matt. The higher the danger of being caught, the more it turned her on.
I had almost considered saying no out of courtesy to my roommate..... But I was so desperate....and she was such a turn on.
As I considered her proposal, she bit her lip and seductively slid her fingers down beneath the hem of her shorts getting increasingly impatient,
"I want to ride you. I want to feel you inside me as I bounce up n down on your cock...please."
She was breathless and in her excitement had started touching herself. I could still hear Matt softly snoring from down the hall. My heart pounded. My breath quickened watching the heaving of her chest.
And with an offer like that how could I resist?
My breath shook with anticipation as I carefully slid my hand down between her soft pillow-y thighs.
"Fuckk"
Her clit was already so wet. I stood and watched with great pleasure as she needingly humped against my fingers, begging me for more. I teased her, swirling my fingers around her wetness painfully slow.
"ohh yess, just like that-" She whined leaning into me.
Her soft breasts felt so warm against my chest. My other hand had instinctively slid down to fondle her cheeks.
God it was exciting. My cock throbbed so hard yearning for her. My jeans already felt so tight I could barely take it. I hastily pulled them down and gave my cock a few quick tugs before urging her to get down on her knees. I wanted to see her service me. She licked her lips and with an excited grin, she dropped down to her knees and took no time to begin work on my cock. Adrenaline pumped through my veins as I watched her. Starting at the base, she licked a long slow stripe all the way up to the top. Kissing my tip and tenderly stroking my length before engulfing it all in her warm wet mouth. She held it there drooling, moaning. Slowly swirling her tongue..
The feeling of her moaning around my cock's head felt incredible. The vibrations were so good I couldn't control myself. I grabbed onto the back of her head and plunged myself balls deep into her throat.
"Mmph!!"
She continued to hungrily slurp as I fucked her pretty little face. I shuddered thinking about what my roommate would do if he could see how much his girlfriend was loving the feeling of me sliding between her soft puckered lips. How eager she was to swallow my cock. Wet sucking sounds filled the room as my balls rhythmically slapped against her chin. My fists tightened around her hair as she gagged and choked. I briefly let her up to gasp for air before slamming myself straight back down her throat.
"Yeah you like that don't you?" I teased. I've never seen a woman more excited.
"Mhmmm"
she nodded eagerly in utter euphoria. Face flushed bright red and eyes closed drooling all over me. Her mouth still lovingly suckling on my rod. Cheeks hollowed as she continued rolling tongue her against me. I could swear she was shaking.
My eyes drifted downwards. Through her skimpy night'vest I could see her nipples were rock hard. Lower still she had began desperately touching herself
"Want more?" I cooed.
She released my cock and continued to jerk me with her other hand. She could barely speak.
"Please."
I grinned. Urging her up and over to the bed.I hastily undressed her, pulling down her pyjama shorts as she practically almost ripped off her top revealing her soft perky tits. She helped pull off my clothes until we were both in nothing but underwear.She straddled me. Hands on my chest grinding against me. Pushing all her weight onto me as she rocked her hips. Breathless and unable to wait any longer she pulled down my pants and got herself into position. A groan escaped both our lips as she lowered herself onto me. She was already so aroused and wet she slid down to my base in one go.
"Ohh Abilgail!" I gasped.
"it feels-"
"-so good-" she finished my sentence.
It felt incredible. Engulfed in her tight warmth I couldn't help but shudder. She started again slowly, sliding herself up and down and up and down savouring every inch of my cock, moaning with every move.
Her sweet whines and gasps filled the air.
"OoOH! Oh fuck, oh yeS!! YES!!-"
Bouncing infront of me my mouth latched onto her soft breast, licking and sucking her hard nipples hungrily. Her smooth skin tasted so sweet beneath my tongue. My fingers wrapped around the other tit deliberately squeezing and playing with her gaining a few sultry moans of encouragement.
Her hands threaded through my hair tightly and like a desperate animal she increased her pace, the bed creaking with her every move as she slammed her hips down onto me. I could barely take it anymore. I wanted to pound her senseless before I came. My hands clenched down onto her hips as I rolled us both over and she squealed with delight.I rolled her onto her front to continue fucking her. Almost melting as I slipped back into her warm tight cunt.
I striked her ass hard enjoying the way she gasped and tightened around me in response. Skin slapped against skin as I rocked my hips eagerly.
The bed creaked and shook as I regained her pace, drilling into her.
"Oh! OH! OH!"
i loved watching her unravel around me as I pounded deeper and deeper making her gasp. She was beginning to get needy pushing herself back onto me desperately urging for me to go faster, moaning with every stroke. I happily obliged, fucking her with all had. She clung to the sheets screaming barely able to contain herself. I tried to press her head into the pillow but little could be done to stifle her moans or the bed hitting the wall.
She clenched down tightly as I came.
We were lucky my roommate was such a heavy sleeper.
--------------------------------