Nancy Friday, I loved your books and have reread all of them, and some parts I have marked to reread on special occasions, but I do have my own fantasies, and one of them (a favorite) seems different from the ones in your books.
I am a thirty-something mother of two sons, with a husband I have loved pretty much since the day I met him in school. He can be a good lover, but he works so hard to take care of us he sometimes forgets to pay attention to me the way I enjoy (which is not simply sex).
My first job out of college was something that most of the public may know nothing about because it was sort of a "military secret". The military no longer had the draft, and they needed recruits, but they did NOT want male homosexuals. Let's skip over the reasoning, but they were under pressure to take gay guys even then- and nowadays we know that just because a guy prefers cocks and buttfucking does not mean he isn't the kind of guy who will protect YOUR butt in combat.
I was recruited secretly by the ARMY, they told me because of my background in psychology, but you will realize as I did that it was because I am quite attractive and remain that way without make up or high-heeled shoes, so I can look like the girl next door, but guys don't think of me as a sister or playmate, that stopped when I was 14, and since then pretty much every guy I meet "wants me".
Some are very direct about it, some less direct, and maybe a few made me feel bad by not seeming to want me (but as you will learn, I now know they were the gay ones, so actually all the heterosexual males did want me. And I was maybe too shy back then?
Although most girls could probably get sex from every guy she meets, most are like me and want someone who does not ONLY need sex parts to use. They all seem to need sex parts to use. Mine or the other kind.
My ARMY job was described as "Examining assistant", which was accurate but if I told you I was the "cock inspector", you would have a better idea of what I really did.
The Army brass figured that if a a guy got stiff while I was examining him, he was OK to be in the Army. Yes, I know, stoopid!, but Army guys are not rocket scientists. But they needed someone like me, to make sure that the guys who did NOT get stiff were actually "queer". I wouldn't use that word, but I include it because they did.
So they wanted someone who could "come on" to these potential war heroes, but without making it so obvious that the gay guys complained. I received training (one day!) , and some of it was interesting, but probably unnecessary for a young woman.
My exams were limited to the scrotum, they had a really pretty guy to do the prostate exams, and I guess the erection there got you excluded- or at least it did until the Brass realized that ALL males will ejaculate if you press the prostate enough, and they had not just "cleansed themself" by screwing or jerking off before coming in to be examined. Wouldn't that work for gays too? Do I care?
While I was still there, they ended the prostate exam part- it excluded too many "normal" guys, and young guys don't have prostate health problems that much.
All that to get to my fantasy, which begins with me working hard. I had a private exam room and the guys would line up outside in their socks and underwear, to visit me BEFORE the doctor did the rest of the medical physical exam. I could see them lined up with a large one way mirror that covered most of the wall on the door side of the exam room - all waiting for me. And they knew what they were waiting for, and so did I. I suppose I should mention that I do like a nice penis, I can even like a malformed penis if it is attached to the right person. Nowadays only my husband has a penis that I enjoy, and I suppose I should mention my married lover in there since I don't want to lie to you, but that is not the point of my story- although I guess it is important to the fantasy once I get to the fantasy part.
A typical exam would be me opening the door and waving in the next guy- and looking him over. Smelling him as he walked by and stood where I pointed, at the end of an exam table (which table I did not need except to keep him from backing away).
Some would turn their back on me! They already had a boner and I hadn't even started. I suppose that should have allowed me to OK them quickly, and move on to the next potential "queer", but I only did that if the guy was ugly or smelled bad.
I had a roller stool that adjusted in height because the recruits had all different leg lengths. Originally I had worn perfume, but on the day I forgot to wear it seemed like there were many more guys who were stiff before I started. I had been given instructions in detail, and sometimes a supervisor did arrive to watch me "work" and correct any wrong details. I realized that the supervisor was often there when they had a very tough guy and didn't want him outed as gay even if he was. The supervisor was a lady who can wilt the proudest erection. But I digress, that's not essential to my fantasy.
My exam was simple, but I could vary the routine. For example, I could have the guy lower his pants himself... which is more professional. But I could not resist slowly pulling down the elastic on guys who were already stiff... so that "Hellraiser" could pop out and almost hit me in the face. I would intentionally lean in, and that alone made "Junior" wave to me, despite the restraint of their "panties". The army presumed these recruits would be gay and were demeaning them already by calling their shorts "panties". Hey, I wear men's jockey shorts... well actually boys whitie tighties - I don't need the big pouch to store my "Johnson", because my Betty fits nicely out of sight between my labia.
Once "Mr.Niceguy" is exposed, I look for lesions, and retract the foreskin if necessary, or ask the recruit to retract it if he is dirty, smelly, or I don't feel like doing it. I usually squeeze the penis gently, not that provides any information except whether it will get stiff from my efforts.
By the way, all the penis names I include are names I was given by guys I examined! Every guy seems to want me (and you too) to fall in love with his penis. They may not realize that one of the best times I ever had was at the tip of one finger, that barely touched me at all- but wow did it touch me.
I'm going to leave out a lot of stuff about how I acted, moved, dressed, and what I said to these guys.. because this is getting long and none of that is actually important to MY fantasy, it was all designed to fit their imagination.
But I will say it is sort of a compliment to know that so very very many guys would get so sexually excited from just being close to me, seeing me, smelling me, thinking about me. And often before I even started handling their package.
Next I did a "hernia exam", which you may (or may not) know consists of pushing one finger into the scrotal skin and sliding that skin and finger up to the inguinal canal, where a lot of scrotal anatomy communicates with the peritoneum. I would press there and have them turn their head and cough (to increase pressure in the abdomen). Pretty easy exam, and if I wasn't certain I would simply refer to the actual doctor. If the guy was not already stiff, and sometimes if he was, I would hold his "the mysterious stranger" with the other hand, as if I needed to move it away from the hernia exam. Which is silly if you know how the exam is done- but not silly at all if you are trying to induce a hard-on. In a way my job was sort of the reverse of a doctor who does pelvic exams all day, sticking his fingers into women and maybe, just maybe, sometimes accidentally bumping very sensitive parts (again and again).
I mean, I didn't actually TRY to get any of these guys to ejaculate, but I did keep score, and I was ready to duck and dodge, so I rarely got hit. Most of these happy campers would actually grab his penis to prevent spray on me. Others not so much. And FINALLY, you know enough that I can get to MY fantasy.
It is a regular workday, except for some reason all the guys seem pretty, and all their cocks are lovely, and I am thinking that my husband really has not been very horny, and my lover has been out of town and will be for another week, and maybe on my lunch break I will have to take things into my own fingers.
Lunch break comes, but as I get ready to leave, my lover is standing outside my exam door. He even brought lunch! So I wave him in and realize it is the same wave I use for my "patients". I lock the door, but we can still see out a large one-way mirror, so the people in the room outside are quite visible, and when they look our way, it is as if they could see us. They CAN'T, I check every single day.
He is not in a hurry, but I can't help notice a bulge in his pants. I may be an expert at evaluating that kind of bulge! There is only the one stool, so he sits on the exam table and asks about me, and me, and me. I soon want to know about him, but he says I must be starving; I am sort of hungry.
As we eat, I ask him about his recent trip and how he managed to get in here? He has never visited me here before but I have jokingly suggested he drop by for an "exam", more than once.
I have to get back to work, I have a different job now. But suffice it to say: We ate, then had sex.
-the end