Darci had come in late due to her real estate class graduation ceremony and since she didn't have anything else scheduled she had begun studying for her upcoming real estate license test when she received a call.
"Darci could you come into my office?" John Parnell asked. John Parnell was the owner and CEO of Parnell Real Estate and the man mostly responsible for Darci's quest to become a real estate agent.
She hurried to his office. She was a little surprised when he told her to close the door. Almost always his door was left wide open.
"This is Mr. Gordon," he said motioning to the other man in the room. "He has come to us looking to purchase some property, actually a significant amount of property."
"Welcome to Parnell Real Estate, Mr. Gordon, I'm Darci," she introduced herself.
"Hello Darci, I'm glad to 'see' you," he responded.
The emphasis on 'see' seemed a little strange, but the customer is always right so she let it pass.
"Mr. Gordon is looking to buy a large plot of land, Darci. He's in the market for somewhere in the vicinity of a thousand acres, possibly more depending on the property."
'Wow,' Darci thought 'someone is going to get a nice commission if they can find him the right property'.
"How can I be of help?," she offered.
"Mr. Gordon told me that he is looking for a very special salesperson. The person must be a smart, attractive female," he said then paused, "And she must not be adverse to nudity."
The last part of the statement startled Darci, but still it wasn't the strangest request by a client that she had heard others in the company tell of.
"I'm sure any one of our female agents won't have a problem with Mr. Gordon desire to view the prospective locations au naturel," Darci assured the men.
"He's not the one who will need to be, umm, disclosed," Mr. Parnell replied.
It suddenly dawned on her that Mr. Gordon was expecting the salesperson to be nude while conducting the site inspections and since she had been called into the office Mr. Parnell was obviously presenting the assignment to her.
Instinctively she started to respond negatively, but something made her hesitate. She knew she had a nice body and from the reactions of others she knew that they thought so too.
Moreover on a few rare occasions she had deliberately 'accidentally' flashed some stranger. In addition if she were successful in arranging such a sale she would be in line for a hefty commission. But then again she wasn't yet a licensed agent so could she actually receive a commission?
Speaking to Mr. Parnell she asked, "Sir, if this assignment pans out what about the commission?"
Both men were encouraged that she hadn't told them to go to hell right off the bat. At least it meant that she was considering the offer.
"Your test is within a couple of weeks. By the time all the details are worked out you should be licensed. If not you will have to run the paperwork through on another agent's license and they will rightly expect a percentage. Consider it an additional incentive to pass the test if you will."
"And should I accept the conditions of this commission, will I be expected to be totally, umm, unveiled?" Darci asked.
Her acceptance was looking more and more likely with each question.
"With the amount of acreage I'm looking for there will need to be substantial time invested in examining the property and we would need to cover a lot of ground. Therefore quality footwear will be necessary. And I have no problem with you wearing a hat, especially in loo of sunglasses," Mr. Gordon answered.
"So anytime we're examining a prospective site I'm to be naked, correct?" Darci summed up.
"Actually the arrangement is that anytime to the two of you are working together your compliance will be required," Mr. Parnell stated.
"I will provide appropriate clothing you can wear when we are traveling by road so we don't provide the police any reason to arrest either of us," Mr. Gordon added.
Darci took a minute to consider everything that had been presented to her. Money or modesty?
After a couple of minutes of silence Mr Parnell interrupted her thoughts, "I'm afraid we need to have an answer immediately, Darci, because if you're not ambitious enough we'll have to find someone else with more desire."
There was a lot of things he could have said, but implying that she lacked courage was the prod that made up her mind.
"No sir, you've come to the right person!" she quickly announced forcefully.
"Prove it," both men countered in unison.
Saying it was one thing, but now is was put up or shut up time. Since she hadn't sat down there wasn't anything to stop her from proving her resolve. She stepped over to the door.
"What are you doing," Mr. Parnell asked.
"Locking it of course," she answered.
"As you you have agreed to my request and since you will undoubtedly be seen in all your feminine glory while we're out and about," Mr. Gordon said, "I see no reason for false modesty at this point."
It was one thing to be seen by strangers and quite another to risk possibly be seen by her co-workers, but if she didn't hurry up she was afraid she was going to lose her courage. So stepping back to her former location Darci preceded to do what she had requested to do, that is stripping in front of her boss and her new client.
First she unfastened her skirt. In the real estate game pants on a woman was considered to be less friendly than skirts or dresses. Once the skirt was loose she allowed it to fall to the carpet. Then she unbuttoned her blouse and when she finished she simply let it join the skirt.
Never in her widest dreams had she ever thought that one day she would be standing in the place she was employed in just her bra and panties, not to mention doing it during work hours with him and a stranger sitting right in front of her.
Glancing at the men she saw that they were totally absorbed in the sight before them. Not daring to stop she reached up between her breasts and unclipped her brasserie. One deep breath to stead her nerves and the bra joined her other garments.
The sight of the attractive girl's bared breasts with their silver dollar sized dark pink nipples standing prominently on display was greatly appreciated by her male audience. Each noted the sharp delineation between the tanned skin surrounding the pale mounds revealing that she didn't tan topless.
They were still enjoying that sight when Darci slipped her fingers inside the waistband of her panties and pushed them down her legs.
It was immediately obvious that Darci trimmed her pubic hair. She had trimmed in into the shape of an arrow pointing down. She had forgotten about doing that on a lark the preceding weekend before going out dancing. However both men appreciated the sight.
Tan lines showed she didn't tan bottomless either.
Stepping out from the pile of clothing Darci looked up and saw her boss was making a twirling motion indicating that she was expected to spin around so both men could view all of her feminine charms.
Eventually Mr. Gordon asked, "Okay 'seeing' as how you have agreed to the conditions, what locations do you have that I might want to 'look' into, Darci?"
Now that she was committed Darci stepped over to a computer workstation, leaned over, and logged on.
The sight of her naked ass displayed before them pleased both of the men as they viewed her charms.
"Please tell me as exactly as possible what your looking for?" she asked, "in addition to a naked agent."
Mr. Gordon moved over beside her to list his requirements and to allow him to look down on her lovely body. Not to miss the opportunity Mr. Parnell joined them.
"I want enough property that I can build a shooting range and not bother the neighbors. I also want enough land to build a private airstrip for my planes."
He paused briefly then asked, "Are you easily offended, Darci? If I say something risque will it interfere in our working partnership?"
"It would have to be something pretty risque to top the need for me to work in my birthday suit," Darci answered.
"Okay. To go on, I would like some hills as beautiful as the one on your chests and a water feature like the," he hesitated, "let's just say a water feature. Preferably a lake rather than a pond and a river running through the property would be fantastic."
"All right, let me type in 1,000 acres or more along with the other qualities and see what is out there."
The computer did it's thing and a few moments later produced a list of appropriate listings.
"The first listing is for 943 acres, but it's all flat farm land," Darci read. "The second one has 1,032 acres, but it mostly dedicated wetlands and that means it has a lot of wetland regulations to deal with as well as it's near a military air-base so the runway thing would probably be a pain in the butt to get permitted if it were possible."
Both men grinned at the use of the word 'butt' given her state of undress.
After scanning down the list she came to one that looked good. "Here's one. It has 1,594 acres. I know that's more than you said, but on the other hand it does give you more separation from your neighbors for your range. It is partially hilly. It's doesn't have a river, but it appears to have one fairly good sized lake and a couple of large ponds. It says one of the ponds is spring fed and drains into the lake so that's a nice feature." Turning to Mr. Gordon she asked, "Does that interest you?"
"Almost as much as your charms, Darci," he said with a grin. "Sounds like it also has a lot going for it. When can we go see it?"
"Let me call the owners and see what their schedule is like." Darci called the listed number and when they answered made her request.
After a bit she put her hand over the mouthpiece and told Mr. Gordon, "They are leaving for the weekend, but they will give up the code for the gate and we are welcome to come out and look over the land."
"Let's do it," Mr. Gordon replied.
Darci got the information and thanking the owners ended the call.
She started to pick up her clothes, but Mr. Parnell reminded her that while she was working with Mr. Gordon she was expected to remain nude therefore she wouldn't be needing them till they returned.
Determined not to let him think she was giving in she finished picking them up, but instead of taking them along she merely folded them and left them on Mr. Parnell's desk.
"That's right. You said you would provide clothing. My mistake. We can take my car if you like," she offered.
"No, let's take my ride," Mr. Gordon said with a grin.
'Hmm something's up here' Darci thought. Nonetheless she followed them as the men exited the room.
She knew that someone was almost certainly to see her as the group left the building nevertheless she couldn't stop herself from checking that at least no one was standing in the hallway.
After leaving the room she was surprised that Mr. Parnell lead the way towards the back of the building. Maybe she might get away after all.
When she exited the back door she was stunned to spot a helicopter sitting in front of her. Obviously this was Mr. Gordon's ride?
Surprised her pace slowed to give herself a chance to study the interesting machine in front of her. It reminded her of the one seen at the beginning of the episodes of the TV series her dad had received on DVD one Christmas.
She remember that her dad had called it a Bell 47. It featured a huge plastic ball as a cabin and featured three side by side seats. The web of steel tubing in back didn't look strong enough to stay together, but if the helicopter was as old as she suspected it must be okay.
Mr. Gordon got in a one side while Mr. Parnell ushered Darci into the middle seat. He took the other one once she was belted in.
Mr. Gordon started the engine and let it warm up a few moments, then he engaged the transmission. Once the rotors were spinning at speed he lifted the helicopter off the ground and headed in the direction Darci indicated the property was located.
Back on the ground Harold Simmons was staring at the screen on his cellphone. The video he had taken of the naked girl he had spotted walking to the helicopter was consuming his attention. He had been so busy making sure he keep her centered in the viewfinder that it wasn't until he played it back that he realized it was Darci. His fantasies about her body couldn't compare with his new video.
To pass the time she asked Mr. Gordon how long he had been flying helicopters. He replied that he had been a pilot for over twenty-five years, but that he had only transitioned to helicopters the previous year.
To her surprise the flight went fairly quickly as the group's conversation continued.
She was more surprised how quickly they arrived at the farm. By car it would have taken them approximately an hour and a half or so to get here. By helicopter it had taken little more than 20 minutes.
As the helicopter turned to follow the driveway into the property she realized that she didn't need the gate lock combination after all.
Before landing they circled over the property. They saw the ponds and the creek that led from one pond to the lake. They noticed that the lake featured a fair size island.
They saw that while some of the acreage was devoted to farming there was a fair percentage still covered by trees.
By lowering the helicopter over some of the flat areas they picked a spot that would probably have the makings of a fine firing range. The land was fairly flat and there were some hills at the far end that would be an excellent backstop.
Moving back to the home site they saw that it included a somewhat large farmhouse, a good size barn and three outbuildings.
Picking a place nearby that wouldn't risk damage to the buildings Mr. Gordon set the helicopter down.
Darci went to remove her headsets, but stopped at a motion from Mr. Gordon. Once the rotors stopped he motioned it was okay now to remove the ear protectors.
"This thing is awfully loud and you're better off waiting till it's completely stopped before taking those off just to be safe," he explained.
After removing their seat belts the two men opened the doors and everyone stepped out.
The group formed in front of the copter and took in the view.
At one point Darci turned around and saw her reflection in the helicopter's bubble. She saw an calm, attractive woman all be it naked, looking back.
It had only been thirty or thirty-five minutes since her striptease in Mr. Parnell's office and already she was becoming comfortable around the two men with her nudity.
After a bit the group walked over to the barn. It was large and once they were inside the saw that it was in very good condition.
"This would make a good place to put my cars," Mr. Gordon stated.
"How many cars do you have?" Mr. Parnell asked.
"Well I have six classics that are running. I'd probably keep them in one of the other building. I have a few more that are being worked on. This would be a good place for those. There's enough room that the cars have plenty of space for the mechanics to work around them."
Suddenly a strange voice called out, "Ya'll just freeze now, ya hear? First one you fellows that moves gonna get perforated."
The group instinctively spun around. They saw an older man standing there with a shotgun pointing in their direction.
"Young lady you move to your right over by that post. Now you two city boys tell me what the hell you think you were gonna do that purty little thing here in my barn."
Both men started to speak, then stopped when the shotgun moved.
"What's going on, girl?" the farmer asked.
"It's not what you think sir. My name is Darci Jones and I called earlier about bringing Mr. Gordon and my boss Mr. Parnell out to look at your property. Mr. Gordon is looking for some land to buy."
"You the one that I gave the gate combination to?"
"Yes sir, I am," Darci answered.
"Then why don't you tell me what it is," he stated.
"Seven four nine one, sir."
"Well that's the combination alright. Now why don't you tell me why you're naked."
"In the real estate business we get a lot of unusual requests. Mr. Gordon's request was that I be naked while I help him find just the property he's looking to buy," Darci explained.
"Being naked don't bother you none girl?"
"I'll admit that I was pretty nervous about it at first, sir. But I'm getting more used to it."
"John," the farmer said.
"Beg pardon?" Darci replied
"My name is John." Addressing the men, "You fellows can stand easy." Turning his attention back to Darci, "I figure if you can stand me gawking at your boobs and butt you might as well know the name of the guy what's doing it."
"A pleasure to meet you, John," Darci said.
"And a relief not to meet your buckshot, John" Mr. Gordon joked. "My name is Harlan Gordon and this is Samuel Parnell."
"Well as long as we're all friends now, do you all want to come up and see the house?" John asked.
"I think we'd all love to, sir," Darci replied for everyone.
"Dang girl, quit calling me sir. Been John all my life and it's too late to change now."
"Yes sir, John," Darci said with a grin.
"You ain't right, girl, but you damn sure have all the right parts," he said with a chuckle. "You all come on now before ma comes down here and blows us all away. She's surely gonna want to see this group."
The four of them walked out of the barn and headed for the house. They were a few steps away from the back door when it swung open and a woman about John's age stood there with another shotgun.
"Everything okay, John?" she asked.
"Yeah ma, everything's fine."
"Then how come she's naked?"
"The fellow what's thinking about buying the place likes naked women and apparently she don't mind being one. Come to think of it, I like them naked too. Especially when they look like Darci. And you also, of course, my darling."
"Horseshit," was her reply.
In any case she stepped aside and lead the group indoors.
Once inside John's wife told him to take the men and show them the house while she and Darci got acquainted.
Once the men were gone the housewife poured her and Darci a cup of coffee. "So how about telling me why you're naked, Darci?"
"I'm just getting started in the real estate business and Mr. Gordon, he's the one that's looking for some property, said he wants a real estate agent that's intelligent, attractive, and naked. So here I am."
"You do everything a customer ask?"
"No ma'am, but if I can find Mr. Gordon the kind of property he's looking for I can make a damn good paycheck out of it. Most real estate agents never get a chance at a deal like this early in their career and like I said I'm just getting started. If I can make this happen it could led to more like it in the future. That's how reputations in this business get started and reputations are very important in real estate."
"So he wants you naked and you want to make a sale."
"That pretty much sums it up," Darci said.
"How far would you go for a sale, Darci?"
"Honestly I haven't stopped and thought about it. At this point in time I suspect I'm pretty close to my limit."
"So you wouldn't trade sex for the sale?" asked the person Darci knew simply as Ma.
"No, ma'am. A person has to have a personal code and mine won't allow that."
"Call me Ma. Everybody does," Ma said.
"You and John have a beautiful place here. You must be sorry to see it go."
"Yep," Ma replied. "But the kids nowadays don't want to have anything to to with farming and we're getting too old to run the place by ourselves. Plus we can't stand the thought of watching all those trees being cut down. So there's not many other options."
"I might have an alternative ma'am. I'm sorry we haven't been introduced. My name is Harlan Gordon and this is Samuel Parnell," said Harlan as the three men stepped into the kitchen.
"As I was telling John, I really like you place, but it's not exactly what I'm looking for. However while we were flying over your place I noticed that this would make a great location for people like me to build private retreats. Of course no one would expect you two to do the actual labor. I could suggest have a manager I know who could be brought in for that. Like me I'm sure the others would want to have private residences built by their own contractors, but they would pay you well for the use of the land and they would of course pay for the buildings themselves. Basically what I'm saying is that you would keep the farm, but instead of raising crops and/or animals you'd be collecting substantial lease income from people who would probably only come here two or three times a year."
John and Ma looked at each other. If they understood what Mr. Gordon was saying they wouldn't have to move and their farm could stay pretty much as it was, but without all the work necessary to run a working farm.
"So what kind of money would you be thinking, Mr. Gordon?" Ma asked.
"I would guess that we'd be looking at $20,000 or thereabouts," he replied.
"$20,000 a year," John said slightly disappointed.
"No. $20,000 a month. That is to start. Probably double that in a year."
"Darci, what do you think?" Ma asked.
Surprised to be invited into the discussion Darci hesitated then said, "I think you should never ask someone trying to sell you something if you buy," with a smile on her face. "However I would think that what Mr. Gordon is saying is definitely possible. I'd be pleased to look over the particulars and get back to you if you're interested."
Everyone agreed that Darci would look into the proposal and if it looked doable she would draw up the paperwork.
After a little more conversation John walked the three back to the helicopter. Once everyone was strapped in and John was clear Mr. Gordon fired up the engine and the helicopter lifted off.
Once they were airborne Darci keyed her mic. "I really thought that would be a great place for you Mr. Gordon."
"Call me Harlan. Yes it would be damn near perfect, but that couple deserves to stay in their home and I'm not going to take it away from them."
"Oh well, I guess I'll just have to find you another place," Darci said with a small grin.
"You sound a little disappointed Darci," Harlan said.
"Well it would have been nice to make the sale on my first try, but I'm confident I can find you just what you're looking for," she responded.
"What are you talking about? You did make a sale," Mr. Preston said. "If the people Mr. Gordon was talking about do set up the deals to build their vacation homes on the farm you'll be in for the commissions. Of course you're going to have to get your license in the meantime otherwise you'd just be in for a finder's fee."
'Well then I guess I'm just going to have to pass that exam in two weeks,' Darci thought. 'Cause as John would say, ain't nobody getting my commission but me."
A little while later Darci asked, "So where to now? Back to the office?"
"First we've got to get some fuel. I like this bird, but she is a thirsty one," Mr. Gordon said with a chuckle.
A few minutes later a small airfield came into view. Mr. Gordon announced over the radio that they were approaching for a landing. A voice over the radio instructed him to land near the fuel pumps and someone would be out momentarily to refuel his aircraft.
He landed near the pumps as instructed and sure enough a couple of minutes later a pick-up truck approached the helo. A gray-haired man got out and walked over.
It was obvious when he spotted Darci.
He stopped and his mouth dropped open. His eyes got wide and he shook his head to get his thoughts working again.
Mr. Gordon motioned him to come around to his side. "Hello. Fill it up please."
"Oh umm, sure. I'd be glad to. You folks are going to have to get out first though. FAA (Federal Aviation Administration) rules won't let me do any fueling with people in the bird," the man stated.
They climbed out of the helicopter and stood beside it. The man walked over to the pump and pulled the hose back. He set up a ladder he gotten out of the pick-up and started filling the tank. The whole time he was mainly focused on Darci.
When he finished he returned the hose to the pump and the ladder to the truck.
"How much do I owe you?" Mr. Gordon asked.
"Damn. I mean dang. Sorry ma'am. Be right back, I forget to see how much was on the pump."
He walked back to the pump and returned. "Sixty-two and some change, but just call it sixty," he told them.
"What's your boss going to say when he finds out you're giving away gas at a reduced price," Darci joked.
"Well ma'am, it's like this. I own the place so I can sort of do what I want. And to be honest a two dollar and change price break has been more than compensated for today," he replied with a grin. "Ya'll come back now, ya hear."
"Is that the northern 'ya'll' meaning everyone or the southern one meaning Darci?" Mr. Gordon asked with a grin.
"I'm sure ya'll can figure it out," he said pointedly looking at Darci.
Laughing they climbed back into the helicopter. Shortly afterwards the helo touched down in back of the real estate office.
Darci was hoping that the knowledge of her condition would go unnoticed, at least for a while, but judging by all the faces in the windows that was a forlorn hope.