Ch. 7: First BDSM Night
Author's notes:
1. This story follows on from my previous story 'Mixed Emotions' in which the characters are introduced and developed. It is strongly recommended that 'Mixed Emotions' is read first.
2. This is a work of fiction. The activities and practices described in this series are neither condoned nor recommended. If you choose to do anything described in real life with real people you do so at your own risk.
3. All characters are fictional and any likeness to any living person is purely coincidental.
4. The chapters are numbered in a sequence for a reason. It is recommended that they be read in numerical order.
--------------------------------------------
The night had finally arrived. The whole crew had spent the day bringing equipment from the Dungeon into the show area, organising games and activities and finally, after an early dinner, they had dressed in their costumes and were ready to greet their guests.
Right from the start the publicity material had emphasised that it was an evening for participation, that guests would find new challenges to consider and, hopefully, accept this evening. The rules for the night had been publicised, a copy going to each person as they booked their attendance. It was hoped that they would all get into the mood to participate and play full out. Marcie had recommended in the brochures that guests might like to dress up in some form of BDSM or sexy costume.
All 'Dana's' team were ready by 7.30pm when the first guests started to arrive. They were close to the entrance, dressed in a variety of costumes as Doms/Dommes, slaves, sluts and subs depending on their choices for the evening. Once the guests started arriving they could see that their worst fears, that nobody would get into the swing of the BDSM event, were not realised. Everyone who arrived, outwardly dressed for a formal evening, were found to be wearing extremely sexy outfits once the outer clothing was removed in the foyer, named and stored by an attentive leather-clad David and his G-string-clad assistant Gabby.
As the guests entered, the team ushered them to seats at small tables, usually in pairs or groups of four, with a few larger groups including a noisy group of ten, four guys and six women, all dressed in extremely brief and sexy attire. It was very obvious that this was different clientele from normal Saturday evenings. These were here for fun and experiences, not just to watch and fondle naked girls.
Todd and Greg acted as waiters, delivering drink orders to the tables. Both men were naked except for cock pouches. It was obvious to everyone that they both had raging erections inside those pouches due both to the sexiness of the women and to the frequency with which these women felt and stroked their male appendages. It was certainly going to be quite a night, they decided while waiting for orders at the bar.
The stage had been removed and around the large room there were several sets of frames with ropes and straps attached, two horizontal frames, several other pieces of equipment to which people could be tied in various positions and the Sybian, of course. There were racks of whips, canes, helmets, blindfolds, gags and other paraphernalia scattered around the room.
By 8.15pm Marcie considered that everyone had probably arrived so she moved into the centre of the room to start proceedings. To begin with she welcomed them all to the first BDSM evening and hoped there would be many more to follow. She commented that she had a waiting list for tonight that was longer than the list of attendees, so there would definitely be more evenings such as this in the near future.
Marcie introduced her team to the guests, explaining that their role was not to experience punishment at the hands of the guests or each other, nor to administer punishment, but they were there to guide, suggest, encourage and, most importantly, maintain high safety standards. She emphasised that the whole evening was one of role playing.
"If you are here with your partner and you've had a tiff on the way here, this is not the time to punish each other for this. Do that at home. Punishment here is done in a considerate, loving manner. If this is a problem for you, please leave now and collect a refund at the door."
Nobody moved, so Marcie assumed that everyone was here for a good time.
While Marcie had been talking, each of the team members had moved to a piece of pre-assigned equipment. Marcie now went around each team member teaching the guests what the equipment could be used for and any precautions that needed to be exercised during its use.
"Remember that some equipment can be dangerous, particularly if it restricts breathing or circulation. Remember the law of fifteen. Breathing must not be restricted for more than fifteen seconds, circulation cannot be restricted for more than fifteen minutes. The team member in charge of each station has training in this and if you are told to remove something or to stop, please do so immediately."
When Marcie taught about whipping, she emphasised that the punishment was loving and gentle and that skin was not to be broken nor serious bruising or welts made.
"If you really want to beat hell out of somebody, do it somewhere else, not here."
After the twenty minute introduction she then told everyone that it was time for them to start participating. She pointed out that obviously there was not enough equipment for everyone to be participating all the time, so there were plenty of opportunities to observe what others were doing.
"Remember, however, if you are watching others acting out their own scene, just watch without interrupting. If you want to ask questions, wait till after the scene is finished when I'm sure everyone will be willing to share the experience and answer your questions."
The team members had been instructed in hygiene, ensuring that equipment was cleaned thoroughly after each scene and that condoms were available for use if required by participants. They were reminded of the SOP that all team members were to wear condoms if engaging in sexual activities with non-team members.
Marcie added a final request. "One final request that I have to make, everyone, is that if you wish to engage in sexual activity together, please wait until after midnight. There is no reason for this, it's just that very often once you have relieved the sexual tension that naturally builds, all you want to do is sleep. So have fun first, sex later. The exceptions to this are the use of the Sybian, Hitachi vibrator and the Venus 2000 masturbation devices. All of these have modifications to allow a person to be attached to them and masturbated to many orgasms. So if you want to experience a different dimension to your sex life you are welcome to use these whenever you wish."
As expected, once Marcie was finished most people waited to see what others would do. Marcie waited a few moments and then told them she would help start the ball rolling. She called Julie over, having asked if she was happy with this before the show started, and took her to a frame, selecting a multi tailed whip on the way.
Marcie locked Julie's ankles into the hoisting ropes then asked her to bend over and touch the floor. As she did so, Marcie pulled on the ropes, raising Julie's feet into the air and forcing her to support her weight on her hands. Continuing to haul on the ropes, she raised Julie's feet until her hands just left the floor, then tied the rope off.
As planned, Julie was wearing a very short, split skirt with nothing beneath, and a sheer half-bra to support her breasts. Once she was upside down, her skirt fell easily around her abdomen and her breasts fell free from her bra, leaving her pussy and breasts totally exposed to Marcie's whip.
Marcie stepped back to examine her victim. She swished her whip in the air a few times, to enhance the air of expectation. She noticed that most people were now standing for a better view, guys in particular crowding forward for a good look at Julie's many charms. Marcie pulled the sideways ropes that controlled how widely spread Julie's legs were, widening them to the maximum, exposing her open pussy to the audience. Marcie rubbed some cream onto Julie's pussy, then, stepped back and brought the whip down on her pussy moderately hard.
Julie's body convulsed and she gave a short, sharp scream of surprise. Everyone saw Marcie break into a broad grin.
"You like that, don't you slut?" she asked Julie.
"Oh yes, Mistress. Please beat my pussy some more."
Marcie gave her another five strokes on her pussy, then she bent down and gave her breasts eight strokes, four to each breast.
"How does that feel now?" she asked.
"Mmmm, wonderful, thank you mistress. Please beat me some more."
"No I won't, but I will offer you to anyone here who wants to beat you." Marcie turned to the guests. "Would anyone like to help me beat slut Julie?"
There were, of course many volunteers, both men and women, and they formed a queue, each one taking it in turns to land a whip stroke on Julie's pussy or breasts. While this was happening the guests also drifted off to other activities, introducing themselves to the other team members and asking what activities they would recommend.
By the time the queue had dwindled, most of the guests were either involved in their own scenes in various places in the room or were watching those involved and waiting their turn.
Marcie lowered Julie to the ground and thanked her.
"I really enjoyed that," said Julie as she tucked her rosy breasts back into her sheer bra. "It's surprising how gentle everyone was, as though they were afraid to hurt me. Didn't they know I'm a pain slut?"
"No, they don't know that, and probably just as well too," said Julie. "Now, off you go to your station with the Sybian. I'm sure there will be lots of women who want to use that tonight."
Todd took over the supervision of the frame that Julie had used and Marcie walked through the whole room, keeping an eye on things generally. She was frequently stopped by guests who asked for her ideas or opinions and after a short time they would go to a piece of equipment which was either not being used or had a small queue. Marcie noticed that Julie had several women waiting to use the Sybian and a group of men surrounding it watching beautiful women experience mindblowing orgasms. Many of the men had obviously left their partners to watch, their partners may have been in the group of women surrounding the new Venus 2000 male masturbation toy which had only arrived the previous day. As Marcie watched one guy was cumming hard as the machine milked his cock dry while a woman, possibly his partner, squeezed and caressed his balls.
Also popular with the men was the station where a woman was tied into a frame, a leather harness was attached around her hips and a Hitachi vibrator was fitted to the harness, held tightly against her clit, bringing her to as many orgasms as she could stand, or as her partner wished her to have. Pam gave over control of the scene to the woman's partner and enjoyed watching the woman cum hard again and again until she was begging her partner to release her. As Marcie watched, one woman had eight orgasms within a few minutes before finally passing out. Pam released her into her partner's arms and they walked away a few minutes later with big smiles on their faces.
Marcie also noticed that it wasn't just the guys who wanted to whip their partner's pussies and breasts. She was very surprised that during the evening about a third of the time it was a woman whipping her partner's cock and balls as he was immobilised in bondage.
The party of ten went from station to station, cheering each other on and daring the active participants to experience ever more painful activities. Their usual request when they went to a new station was to ask what was the most painful thing that could be done here. They then drew lots to see who would experience this and who would administer it. Apparently they arranged that the person who was punished had his or her name withdrawn for two stations after that punishment to prevent them having to suffer too frequently.
Marcie saw them all cheer when one of the women rode the Sybian. Julie asked how long she would like to ride and she said she didn't know, but the remainder of the group made comments such as forever. Eventually the group decided that she should ride until she was unconscious and had Julie tie her into the machine. The poor (or lucky) woman came very quickly, gasping and panting as she screamed her way through her first orgasm. Instead of slackening off the Sybian at that point, they boosted it to 80%, driving the woman to a second orgasm less than a minute later, followed by a third and a fourth in rapid succession. By this time her partner was becoming concerned and tried to stop it but was outvoted, the speed was increased to 100% and the woman forced into three more orgasms in rapid succession before she passed out. Julie watched as she was released, revived and walked away slowly with the group. When the same group returned to Julie again a few hours later she asked the woman how it all was.
"Absolutely fantastic," she replied with a huge smile. "I'll be back here again frequently, I can see that. Who needs a partner with a Sybian?"
Julie was pleased for her and watched as another woman in the group had a similar experience.
Dana was overseeing a station where women could experience riding a wooden horse. Several women and about twice as many men were watching as a shapely blonde was tied into the frame, with her arms tied to the side posts at shoulder level and ankles tied to them loosely just above the floor. The square wooden board was suspended between her spread legs with that an edge of the board uppermost. The board was raised between her legs until it was just touching her bare pussy, and was then raised further forcing her to stand on tip toes. After a few minutes her muscles tired and she dropped slightly, pushing her tender pussy onto the sharp corner of the board. She cried out and raised herself, but her muscles wouldn't take the strain for long and she was soon again punishing her pussy on the board edge. As Dana watched she started sobbing, in obvious pain yet unwilling to use the safe word that Dana had given her before she started. She continued for twenty minutes before using the safe word, after which the board was immediately lowered to applause from those watching. Her partner and many of the onlookers examined her red and swollen cunt lips and clit before the couple slowly walked away with their arms around each other and another woman took her place in the frame.
This next woman was really into pain. Once she was in position she asked Dana to attach clips to her cunt lips and to tie these to her legs so that her lips were widely spread and unable to protect her sex saddle from the ravages of the sharp edge of the board. She then wanted to be leant forwards so that her clit would be in hard contact with the board. As her leg muscles tired and she made more frequent and harder contact with the board, she started writhing her hips to try to relieve the pressure, instead punishing her clit as it moved over the sharp edge. After several minutes of this she was alternately sobbing and screaming in pain, pleading with Dana and her partner, who had a raging erection, to end this torture, but refusing to use the safe word which would have brought her immediate relief. After 25 minutes of this she used the safe word and was immediately released, supported by her partner while several of the onlookers examined her bleeding sex saddle and clit. After a few minutes recovery she was helped to a set by her partner and Marcie applied some antiseptic cream to her wounds. Dana sterilised the board and continued with business as usual, though at a lesser level of commintment.
A short time later Dana noticed this couple again as she was supporting him while his balls were being stretched. As Dana watched, she put an additional two pound weight on the hanger attached to his balls, causing him to writhe in agony and beg to be released, yet not use the safe word. After she had added a further three pound she took a short piece of cane and started beating his balls quite hard. By now he was in obvious distress and Dana was concerned in case some permanent damage was done, so she asked him if he wanted to stop and reminded him of the safe word. He thanked her but said he was fine to continue. His partner continued to beat his balls, then added a further two pound after which he used the safe word, was released with his swollen red balls hanging low in their sac. Again they walked away, apparently none the worse for their experiences, arms around each other. This couple were obviously into serious pain, Dana concluded.
Becks was supervising the small attachments counter where people could go to borrow small attachments, like nipple, ball, labia and clit clamps, pins and needles, for enhancement of a variety of sensations. Her role was to advise on how and where to place these devices and also to insist that the clamping devices be only attached for a maximum of fifteen minutes. She also advised regarding the maintenance of sterility for the needles and pins and the placement of these on the body. She would, if asked, apply both the clamps and the sharp objects in accordance with the person's or, usually, the partner's instructions.
Marcie checked with her occasionally to ensure that no dangerous piercings or clampings were being undertaken. While she was there she watched as a woman's partner pushed thick needles through both his partner's nipples, receiving in turn two needles through his cock head. He then attached four clamps to each of her pussy lips and she attached four clamps to each side of his ball sac. They walked away carefully to show off their new hardware before it was time to remove them.
Marcie arrived at a frame where the group of ten had one of their number upside down and were whipping her pussy and breasts, causing her to scream at each blow in obvious pain. Marcie was concerned both because of the screaming and because of the number of people who were doing the whipping. She bent down and spoke softly to the woman.
"Just have time out for a couple of minutes. Really, do you want them to stop or is it OK for you?"
"It's really wonderful," replied the woman, "If they keep doing that I'll cum. I'm really close. Please let them continue."
Marcie gave the group a nod and they continued beating her pussy, clit and breasts. A few minutes later the woman went into convulsions as she came hard. The group waited until she stopped cumming, then resumed the beating. Again she came hard after about two minutes. Marcie realised that they knew what they were doing and that the woman was really enjoying herself, so she moved on.
By midnight Marcie noted that many couples had joined with each other as groups, forming several large groups in addition to the group of ten. Amazing how shared experiences bring people together she thought. She noticed a few people looking at their watches and discussing quietly with their partners. Obviously, they really wanted to have sex and had waited until midnight, but were now trying to summon up the courage to maybe be first to initiate sexual relations. Marcie went to the switchboard and turned the wall lights down in a signal that she hoped would allow those who wanted sex to find a dark corner in which to engage. After a few minutes she noticed this signal had been correctly interpreted by several people who were engaged in energetic sex on reclining chairs or sofas in some of the less frequented places in the room.
A tall, sexily dressed woman, whose hair looked a bit of a mess from her experiences, approached Marcie and asked her if any men were available to make love with her. When Marcie asked about her partner, she pointed off into the corner where two men and a young woman were engaged in sex.
"He chose her, not me," she said. "And I feel soooo sexy right now. I need a man."
"What about the Sybian of Hitachi vibrator?" asked Marcie.
"I've cum several times on each of those," she replied, "But I'm a nympho and really want a man."
"Come with me. I'll see what I can do. What's your name?"
"Lisa."
Marcie found Todd and asked if he was free for a while.
"Yes, no probs, what's up?"
"Lisa feels sexy. Her partner has found someone else. Are you able to assist please?"
"Yes, of course," replied Todd, casting his eyes over her gorgeous figure and subconsciously licking his lips. "Shall we go?"
"Take him to one of the private rooms if you like unless she wants to do it here."
"Where do you want it?" asked Todd.
"In my cunt," replied Lisa, misinterpreting the question.
"No, I mean do you want to fuck here or in a private room?"
"Oh here, of course. As well as a nympho, I'm also an exhibitionist, as you can possibly tell from this dress."
She spun on her heels, the skirt flared up easily splitting apart to reveal her bare arse and pussy.
"OK, let's do it."
Todd noticed that the sex swing was hanging in a corner unused. Even though it was after midnight he realised that nobody had explained how to use it.
"Over here," he said, taking her hand and leading her to the swing. "Get your arse up over the edge," he instructed lifting her gently.
Lisa dropped her skirt to the floor and removed her brief top.
"Sex is always better naked," she commented, giving Todd a wink.
When Lisa was positioned in the swing, Todd spread her legs wide and fastened them to the corners. He stripped off his cock pouch and rolled a condom on his erect cock. He then positioned himself between her legs and gave her a gentle push.
She swung away, then back towards his cock, which missed her entrance by a small amount. Another push, swing back and on target. His cock slid easily into her sopping cunt. Todd stepped back a small step and she slipped off him.
"When you can hold on and stay there, then we fuck," he told her with a grin.
Another push, another entry, another slip off; this happened about ten times with Lisa becoming more and more frustrated. A small group of people had gathered to watch the action.
"Just fuck me, you bastard, just fuck me please."
"Not till you hold on," replied Todd with a grin.
Finally Lisa held on, gritting her teeth and tightening her cunt muscles for all she was worth. Todd gripped her around the waist and started fucking her hard. She let out a rhythmic groaning each time he pushed into her. He pulled her close and moved her up and down, grinding her clit against his pubic bone and she came.
"Oooohhhh, yesss," she cried and she tried to thrash about in the swing.
Todd held her, then released her, continuing the fucking again until once more she was ready, then again Todd pulled her close and mashed her clit. Again she came hard. This process was repeated four times before Todd at last came, shooting his cum into his condom while she also came hard once more. Todd withdrew carefully and turned to the people watching.
"Who's next?" he asked.
Lisa's eyes opened wide.
"No, just you, nobody else," she said.
"Why not, sweetie? You obviously want more, I'm obviously spent, these guys are obviously horny. Why not?"
"Well, if you put it so logically, OK, let's do it."
Todd stood to one side and watched the next guy prepare then fuck Lisa, who had two orgasms before he came. The same with the following guy. The next guy was a stud. She came three times then he came, but kept going until she came a fourth time.
"I think that's enough," she gasped. "Can you release me now please."
Todd released her and helped her stand. She picked up her dress and top her dress then tottered away on her high heels towards her partner. As Todd left the swing he noticed another couple getting ready to use it.
Gabby took a breather from her station where she had been supervising a caning bench, watching as usually men caned their partners on their nipples and clits, in particular. Occasionally a woman would want to cane her husband's balls and cock, but usually it was very much the females who were caned. One of her roles was to apply a soothing ointment after the punishment to reduce the swelling and bruising that would probably result. The ointment also contained a local anaesthetic enabling the recipients to continue to enjoy the evening without feeling inhibited by pain. As she looked around she noticed that many people had shed their clothing and were completely naked and that couples were making love on most of the couches, chairs and mattresses that had been placed around the room. She smiled as she thought how much it looked like what she had always imagined a bordello would look like. She was pleased how the evening was going, with everyone appearing to be having fun and enjoying themselves.
By around 3am people started to leave. Most simply carried their clothes, taking their coat or cloak from David at the door and wrapping that around them as they headed for their cars. By this time also, Greg noticed that couples had become groups, partners were being swapped frequently and, it appeared, at random, often stopping during intercourse, changing partners with an adjacent couple, and continuing. He shuddered at the health implications of this but realised that there was little that he could do to prevent this situation occurring and that ultimately people had to take responsibility for themselves.
By 4.30am the last stragglers drifted out the door as the sky in the east was lightening in pre-dawn. As David closed the door on the last patrons, everyone breathed a sigh of relief and came together at the spa pool, jumping in and soaking their tired bodies.
"What an evening," said Todd with a sigh.
"That's for real," agreed Dana. "I'm so sexy from watching all those women ride the wooden horse. You've no idea how many came while doing it, much to the enjoyment of their partners. Hope you're good for a nice long fuck tonight, Todd."
Todd groaned. "I guess I can manage even though I did have to service a woman in the sex swing."
"Oooohhhh, so that's why you've got a smile on your face," replied Dana. "Well, Trudi and I will show you no mercy tonight then, eh Trudi?"
"That's for real," smiled a tired Trudi, soaking in the water. "I would have loved to trade places with the people I was overseeing but I couldn't. I didn't know you were off having fun while I was working."
"How did it go for you, Gabby?" asked Chris.
"Yeah, went well. I'm tired but really sexy after watching all those lucky people fucking for the past few hours."
"How about you, Becks?"
"I've spent the evening causing people pain at their request as I pushed needles and pins into them and attached clamps to tender parts. It's been a fun evening, but I am tired and also very sexy."
"I think we're all tired and most of us are feeling quite aroused," said Marcie. "Why don't we pull all the mattresses together to make a large bed and then all lie on it together. Those who want to make love can, with whoever they wish. Those who don't want to make love can simply sleep, or cuddle then sleep."
"That sounds like a plan," agreed Greg, accompanied by agreement from everyone else.
The huge bed was assembled quickly, lights were doused and people stripped off their costumes and clothing. It didn't take long before there were sounds of gentle love making coming from several parts of the bed, as well as a few gentle snores.
"Is that you, David?" whispered Becks as she felt a male body with a rigid cock.
"It sure is," was the whispered reply.
"Oh David, I love you and I especially love your cock. Stick it in me, I'm so horny."
David wasted no time in pushing his cock into Becks warm and wet cunt, moving gently back and forth, rolling her onto her back and fucking her deeply until she came hard, muffling her cries in David's chest.
"That was wonderful, lover," she whispered. "How about you? Do you want to cum?"
"Not in you tonight, sweetheart," he replied, "I'll fuck someone else before I'm ready. Is that OK?"
"Yes, of course, go for it. Goodnight darling, and thank you."
He withdrew and moved away. After a few moments another warm body approached her and fondled her breasts. Becks reached back and found a soft, warm pussy instead of a hard cock.
"It's OK, I'm Dana," a voice whispered in her ear. "Shall we make love to each other?"
"Oooohhhh yes," was Becks' whispered reply, "Let's do a sixty nine."
Dana switched ends and lay on Becks with her legs spread and her pussy over Becks' mouth, while Becks felt her tongue start licking at her pussy. She stifled a moan.
Meanwhile Greg was fucking Trudi deeply, Chris had just finished cumming in Marcie's cunt, and Todd was performing slow and loving sex with Julie. Pam was asleep, snoring gently and Gabby was also nearly asleep after Chris had brought her to a very satisfying orgasm before being side-tracked by Marcie.
Gradually the sounds of copulating and cumming quietened as everyone had their sexual needs met and fell asleep, hugging together as one large happy family.
It was 10.30 before they started to stir, several people waking and needing to use the bathrooms, followed by a return to the bed and cuddles with others. Some fell asleep again while a couple gently made love to greet the day. Around midday several arose ready to eat and made their way, still naked, to the kitchen. Before long the smell of breakfast cooking wafted into the room and everyone slowly awoke.
"What an awesome night and morning," said Marcie to Greg as they ate toast. "We'll have to make that part of the participation type of evenings I think. Everyone becomes so sexually aroused watching others enjoying their sexuality but not being able to satisfy their own needs that something like the orgy, I guess you'd call it, like we had was just wonderfully fulfilling. A great team exercise," completed Marcie with a grin.
"Yes, I agree," replied Greg. "I especially like it that we trust each other so much that we can choose a partner and it doesn't really matter who we choose, we know that we can both fulfil our needs and share our love with each other."
"Yes, that's the beautiful part."
Everyone eventually assembled in the dining area and Marcie thanked everyone for their help in making the first BDSM evening such a success the previous night. She then went through the program for the day, which was mainly to restore the house to some semblance of order by clearing up the big room and putting everything away where it belonged.
After breakfast everyone pulled on some clothes and started work again with a will. By mid-afternoon the place was clean and tidy and everyone had free time. Some slept, some studied, some engaged in other activities like soaking in the spa, cuddling with their lover or reading a book.
Dinner was a low key affair followed by an early night because many had work or study the next day.
The following two weekends followed the same pattern, both Saturday nights being BDSM nights followed by communal sexual sharing on the mattresses on the floor. After this it was felt that they would revert to a normal program and established a roster for normal and 'special' nights which catered to the needs of the community.
Sexual therapy, college sex classes and life in general continued to follow a well-regulated pattern, interrupted only occasionally by holidays, university field trips and other occasions, and family celebrations. The family members grew closer together and developed a rapport and tolerance that would be the envy of all 'normal' families.