Awhile back my hubby and I went to an adult theater in Wichita Ks. We decided to do something a little different this time. So I put on a very short skirt that showed almost an inch of the bottom of my ass cheeks without bending over at all, (no panties of course) a very shear top that makes my nipples very visible, and 4" high heel sandals. We agreed to walk in separately making it appear I was alone. Therefore, he entered first and I waited about 10 min. or so before I strolled in.
The adult theater had a bookstore in the front, and theater in the back of the store. There were about 10 people in the bookstore, so I walked around checking out the videos and DVDS, bending over now and then exposing most of my ass. I had the attention of everyone including the guy behind the counter. I went to the toy section checking out the dildos and vibrators, and picked out a nice thick one. I ask the guy working there (in a loud enough tone so most everyone in the store heard me) If I could take my toy into the theater and use it as I watched the movie. He smiled and said "sure no problem," he put new batteries in the dildo and I went into the theater.
My husband was already seated, so I sat 3 rows in front of him so he could watch. There were about a dozen people in there, 2 couples and the rest men. Soon 4 more guys that watched and heard me buying my toy showed up, one sat in front of me, one in back and left of me, the other 2 sat in my row on each side, 1 guy was 1 seat to my left, the other 2 seats away on the right, (I felt surrounded, very wet and excited). It's dark in there, the only light is from the movie screen, the 2 guys in my row was watching me, (both of them were stroking their cocks), and the guy in front kept turning around and smiling. Acting as if I didn't realize I was being observed I started watching the movie. After about 5 min. or so, I took my new toy out of the sack and turned it on. It buzzed pretty loud in the theater. I undid three buttons on my top put my hand in and squeezed and pulled my nipples licked my fingers and repeated it again, I had attention now.
I put my right foot on the seat in front of me, and started rubbing the dildo on my pussy. The guy in front turned around and watched, the 2 guys in my row got up and sat right next to me; the one behind me got closer and peeked his head over the seat. I didn't look at anyone, and slowly started fucking my dildo. I was soaked by this time; you could hear the buzz of the toy and the wet sound as the dildo slid in and out of me (3 rows back, my hubby said it sounded like a dog drinking water).
The guy on my right didn't say a word as he pulled out one of my breast and preceded to fondle it wildly pulling and pinching my nipple, I came instantly. Then one by one they all started touching me. The guy in front was rubbing my leg that was on the back of his seat, the guy in the back reached up and took out my other breast, so I undid the rest of the buttons and opened it wide. I started fucking my toy faster having multiple orgasms one after the other. My new toy found my g-spot, and I started ejaculating so much, I was getting the guy in front of me wet. I'm a gusher and once I start squirting, I can't make it stop. I was sitting in a puddle and you could hear it running on the floor. The guys on each side of me shot their loads, I felt cum hit my exposed thigh and run down my leg as the guy moaned low. Then I got up, buttoned my top, pulled down my soaked skirt and walked out.
As I walked through the bookstore the guy at the counter, ask if my toy worked...I smiled and pointed at my dripping skirt. My hubby followed me out in the parking area pulled my skirt off and fucked me across the hood of a car. When he was finished with me I noticed we were being watched by a couple sitting in a SUV only three parking spaces away. What a super turn on!!