As I excitedly put on the last light touches of makeup, including my yummy strawberry lip gloss, I couldn't help but grin from ear to ear anticipating going out that night with Mark, one of my favorite people in the world. He's a good friend with kind eyes that crinkle cheerfully at the corners when he smiles.
Being around him brings me such pleasure -- not only physically, but even more importantly, he makes my heart happy, and I think I do the same for him. Plus, it doesn't hurt that his delicious British accent makes me drool and melt into the ground! At the last minute we had decided to see a movie, a musical, his favorite type, and I couldn't wait to be with my friend.
Mark arrived right on time to pick me up. As I looked at myself in the full-length mirror on the way out, I saw staring back at me an older woman with flushed cheeks and bright eyes. Though 51, I felt young and giddy inside! I tucked a tendril of hair hanging by my face neatly back into my french braid. I smoothed out my short, full skirt. I was ready.
When I got in his car he commented, "You look beautiful." He leaned over and lingeringly kissed my mouth. "Mmm sweet strawberry lips," he said.
"I hoped you'd like that!" I giggled. "Ahh, it's good to hear your sexy voice. Mmm," I said, giving him another kiss, briefly touching my tongue to his.
On the drive over to the movie theater, he mentioned, "When I purchased our tickets online, no one else had bought any yet for that showing. There's a possibility we'll be the only ones in the auditorium."
My heart just about jumped into my throat at the news. "Oh, Mark, I wonder if we'll be alone. That would be so fun!"
He laughed, "Oh, do you have something in mind?"
I giggled in reply, and I reached my hand over and laid it on his inner thigh, feeling his warmth. It was tantalizing having my hand so close to his sweet cock. I ached to touch it. Tingles of pleasure flowed through me, and I began caressing his thigh. He shivered.
"Oh, that feels good..." he moaned. "It feels so good to have you touch me."
"Mmm. I'm glad. I love touching you. I have a lot more in store for you this evening..."
At the movie theater, the usher looked at our tickets and directed us to auditorium five. When we walked in, we didn't see anyone else, and the movie was about to begin. We found our seats and sat in the empty auditorium. We had chosen this theater because it has large, comfortable reclining chairs, and the seats are wonderful. We settled in with our popcorn and drinks just as the movie started.
Not long after the movie began, I reached over and laid my hand on Mark's thigh again. This time I let my hand wander slowly up his leg to rest on his cock. I felt it move beneath my fingers. Ahh. I loved its warmth, its aliveness. I tenderly caressed it and could feel it growing beneath my fingers. I gave it a long, loving stroke.
Then I stood up and quickly wiggled out of my undies. I looked around to double-check no one else was there, and to make sure Mark was watching -- he was! And, bending over slightly, I lifted my skirt up in the back and flashed my ass at him.
He inhaled quickly, sputtering on the pop he was sipping.
I sat back down and rubbed his back. "Are you okay?" I asked with a smile.
Coughing and laughing he said, "Oh, fuck, yes."
I turned toward him, raising my head, and whispered in his ear, "Watch me."
"Don't worry, I'm not taking my eyes off of you."
After reclining my chair, I was sitting back with my legs raised and spread out in front of me. I crossed my arms across my chest, putting a hand on either shoulder, hugging myself, and I began slowly caressing my arms and shoulders.
Bringing my hands to my tits, I squeezed their softness. Then, lightly gliding my open palms over my shirt in circular motions, I rubbed my sensitive nipples, feeling their stiffness increase as jolts of pleasure shot through my body.
Reaching my right hand down beneath my skirt, I pressed my fingers against the soft, moist lips of my vulva and began stroking it, enjoying my slippery wetness. I moaned involuntarily.
"I'm sopping wet, Mark. I'm so fucking turned on. I want to cum for you so badly."
I squeezed my core and began rubbing my erect, sensitive clit, moving my fingers faster as my arousal climbed. At first I tried not to make sounds or move my body too obviously, but I had a hard time controlling myself, and another moan escaped as my body squirmed. I rubbed the underside of my clit hard and fast, and I slid my hand beneath my shirt and started pulling and twisting on my right nipple with my left hand.
Closing my eyes, I focused inwardly on the waves of warmth and tingling pleasure coursing through me, letting the sensations grow and expand. Then I opened them to see Mark looking at me hungrily, roaming his eyes over my face and writhing body. Our eyes locked, and I gazed at him with desire. The music from the movie pulsed through me as it grew louder, and everyone on the screen was dancing excitedly to a fast beat.
I recognized the look of lust in his eyes, and I knew he wanted to take me right then, right there in the theater. As the music crescendoed, I couldn't hold back any more, and I let myself express my pleasure more vocally.
I began to moan more loudly, and whimper... oh, oh, oh.... My voice became higher pitched as I climbed up, up, up, getting closer and closer to orgasming. "Oh, oh, ohhhh!! Mark, fuck! I'm going to come!" I whimpered.
I lifted my hips high and tilted my head back, scrunching my eyes tightly together, a look of beautiful agony crossing my face as I came hard, my body shaking. My voice quivered with jagged gasps as I quietly called out his name, "Mark, dear Mark, I'm cumming!"
I felt so relaxed after I came that I laid there sprawled out with my hand between my legs, my eyes closed, my cheeks flushed, my lips parted, feeling dreamy and elated. Then Mark leaned over and gently touched my face, pulling me back to the glorious reality of being with him. Our pleasure was only just beginning. He cupped my face in his hands bringing it towards him, almost roughly, and gave me a deep kiss, saying, "I loved watching you, but it was so hard not to touch you, and fuck, I'm aroused."
I scooted over and put my arm around his neck as I draped my legs across his lap and cuddled my body against his. "I'm glad you liked watching me, dear Mark. Mmm. I'm glad you're aroused."
I had the bag of popcorn we were sharing resting in my lap, and I began feeding him pieces of popcorn. I ate some myself as well, licking the butter off my fingers. I started putting my fingers in his mouth. He licked and sucked them.
He reciprocated and began feeding me popcorn. He pushed his fingers back and forth between my lips while I sucked hard on his warm, slick, salty fingers.
I reached down between my legs, and I rubbed my fingers on my pussy lips feeling my wetness. Then I slid them into my pussy, coating my fingers with my slick juices.
I put my fingers in his mouth. "Mmm. Do I taste good, Mark?"
"Fuck, yes, you do..."
"I'm glad you think so. Mmm."
Mark reached under my skirt and laid his hand against my pussy, holding it there, protectively, possessively, lovingly. He gently touched my pussy lips, parting them, sliding his fingers down my slippery lips, feeling his way to my wet tunnel.
He carefully slid his index finger in my pussy, then added his middle finger. I squealed delightedly. They felt so warm, and big. They felt so good. He moved them back and forth. Oh, god, I wanted to scream with pleasure. I started moving my hips as he slid his fingers in and out. I wanted to feel more of him, and to feel him go deeper inside me.
He took his fingers out and put them in my mouth, sharing with me the taste of my arousal for him. His fingers were deliciously wet, coated with creamy, slick juices. I licked them slowly, delicately, savouring my taste on his fingers. Then he kissed my mouth deeply.
I reached down and felt his stiff cock. Leaning against his chest, his strong, fast heartbeat sounded loudly in my ear. I stroked his cock and felt him shudder. I hugged him tightly. I unbuttoned and unzipped his jeans. Ahhh, no underwear. I reached inside and pulled out his wonderful, hard cock.
I turned to face him, kneeling with one of my knees straddled on either side of his lap, and I bent over and embraced his cock with my lips, tasting lovely precum. He groaned. Mmm, he tasted so delicious, and his cock felt so good gliding over my tongue.
I let it slide out, giving it a lingering, warm, wet kiss, then I whispered in his ear, "You taste incredible, but I need your cock in my pussy!"
I slid my fingers in my pussy and spread my slippery wetness on his cock mixing it with the saliva and precum already there. Then I turned around with my back to him. I lifted my body up and felt him pressing his cock against my pussy, and I slowly lowered down, feeling him enter me, sliding deeper and deeper inside. I felt his body vibrate as he let out a deep, long moan.
Ahhh. Mark was inside me, all the way inside. I reached forward and cupped his balls in my hands, gently squeezing them. Then I put my hands on the chair and lifted my body up and down, riding my dear friend.
He reached around and put his hands on my tits and squeezed my nipples. I moaned loudly.
He reached down with one hand and touched and rubbed my hard, very sensitive clit. Oh, god, I felt my orgasm building.
We heard the door open. A couple, a man and woman, walked in the auditorium. We stilled our bodies, and I crossed my legs, striving to look as if I was just relaxing comfortably in Mark's lap. I was trying very hard to stay composed, but he kept caressing my erect clit, and it was driving me wild.
They walked down the side aisle and didn't see us at first. They stopped and started kissing each other and pressing their bodies together. I let out an involuntary moan, and they stopped abruptly, glanced at us, and walked back out again.
"0h, I guess they were in the wrong auditorium," I whispered and giggled, having a hard time catching my breath.
I started riding my man again, harder this time.
He returned to playing with my breasts and nipples, but this time he slid his hands under my shirt, and I felt electricity flow through my core! I rubbed my clit as I rode him up and down! Being touched in so many places all at once, inside and out, and feeling such overwhelming pleasure emanating from so many areas -- both of my breasts, my clit, and my pussy, and to experience it in a public setting, was incredible! To hear his voice, his sounds of arousal... to have his arms wrapped around me -- I felt elated through and through!
"Mark, I'm going to come!"
"Ohh, ohh, I'm cumming, too!' he moaned.
And, gloriously, we both came together, our bodies rubbing against each other, our bodies pulsing up and down, my pussy squeezing and squeezing his cock over and over, hugging it so tightly, drawing up his precious seed deep inside me. We exploded together with such heat and passion, I felt us melding into one whole.
As we floated down from our orgasmic high, I leaned back against him, resting my body against his chest, exhausted. He wrapped his arms around me, holding me tightly.
I realized his legs were probably getting wet from cum oozing out, his and mine. I quickly squatted down on the floor with my head between his legs and licked him off, using my tongue and lips to clean off his cock. Oh, fuck, it tasted incredible.
After he was all cleaned off, he tucked his precious cock back inside his jeans, while I discreetly pulled my undies back on. I sat in his lap again and kissed his mouth. I could smell our mixed scents on my lips.
"Can you smell us, Mark? It smells like joy. I think it's even better than strawberry lip gloss, would you agree?"
We laughed together and kept kissing.
--
Thank you to darrenr for his editorial assistance.