It was a hot, August, Friday night. I was walking down a dark street with no street lights. I was looking for females or hookers. I had on my black see thru shorts. I also had on 20 metal rings around my balls.
I saw this one lady that looked like hooker. She looked very nice and I decided to head her way. When I get close to her, she should be able to see my dick and ball rings thru my black shorts.
When I got close to her, she stopped and looked at my shorts. I could tell, she was the type of lady who would like to see my dick and balls thru my shorts.
She said "I like your shorts. Do you mind if I look at them for a couple of seconds?"
I said "Not at all. Look all you want."
She keeps looking and said "What are those metal things you have on? I can't see what they are."
I said "They are metal rings that are around my balls."
She said "Would you like to come over to my apt? It's not far, and I know my friend would like to see your shorts."
I said "Okay. How far is it?"
She said "It's just down the street. What is your name?"
I said "My name is Ben. What's your name?"
She said "Lisa."
I said "Okay Lisa, show me the way."
So we walk down the dark street. She turned right and up some stairs to her apt. She unlocked the door and opened it. I followed her inside.
Lisa looks around and says "sorry, my friend Amy is not here."
I said "It's okay she's not here. Would like to see my rings up close?"
She said "Yes I would."
So I take my shorts off and stroke my dick to get it hard. Lisa is watching like she has never seen this before.
I said "How old are you?"
She said "18."
I said "Are you a hooker?"
She said "No. Not really."
I keep stroking my dick to keep it hard.
While walking right up to me, Lisa say's "wow, I love those rings on your balls. That looks so hot."
Lisa grabs my dick with her left hand, and with her right hand grabs my balls. She lifts them up and asks "Why do you wear these rings?"
I said "I wear them because they bounce around thru the slits in my shorts when I walk. Then ladies like you can see them."
She said "Yes you're right. I saw them bouncing around thru your shorts when you were walking towards me. Doesn't that hurt when they are bouncing around like that?"
I said "No, It doesn't hurt when they bounce around. I am used to it.
She holds my balls and lifts them and up and down and say's "So they must be over 10 lbs, right?"
I said "You are close. They weigh 10 lbs."
She keeps looking at my balls and dick and then grabs my dick again and strokes it.
She stopped stroking and pulled me over next to a chair. She sat down in the chair and started counting the rings.
She said "20 rings. That is a lot. 20 rings. Wow."
Lisa grabbed my dick and started sucking it. She kept her mouth around my dick head. She did that for about a minute or so and then stopped.
She said "That was fun. I liked doing that."
She keeps stroking it and sucking it for a few more minutes and stopped.
Lisa said "I thought Amy would be here by now. I guess she made other plans."
I said "I guess I might as well get dressed."
Lisa said "Yes, go head.
I put on my socks and shoes and shirt. I stroke my dick for another minute and then put my shorts on.
Lisa said "I'm sorry Amy didn't show up."
I said Maybe I will see you again when she is here?"
Lisa said "Yes. You know where I live. Stop bye anytime. Okay?"
Lisa opened the door. I gave her a kiss on the cheek then left. I walked down the stairs and headed for my car. It took me about 5 minutes. When I got to my car, I realized I left my keys in Lisa's apt.
So I head back to her apt. I knock on the door. A different lady opens the door. I said "I was here a few minutes ago and I left my keys."
I hear from inside Lisa yelling "That's the guy I told you about, let him in."
I go inside and looked around. There were 6 more ladies for a total of 7 counting Lisa. They all looked at me.
One lady said "I am Amy. Are you the man that has rings on his balls?"
I said "Yes, that's me."
Amy said "Can we see your rings?"
I said "Are all of you ladies hookers?"
Amy said "No. Just me, Jackie and Sandy. The other four are just hanging out."
So I take my shoes off. I remove my shirt and then take my shorts off. I was totally naked. Amy and Jackie walked over to me to take a closer look.
Amy grabs my balls and lifts them up. She takes a closer look and say's "I never have seen anything like this. I think it makes you look sexy."
She turned around to the other ladies and asks them "What do you all think about these rings. Don't they make him look sexier?"
Jackie say's "I think so." Then asked me "What is your name"
Lisa said "His name is Ben,"
Jackie say's "Ben huh. Well Ben, is it okay if I lift your balls?"
"Go ahead Jackie, I would like that. Give them a good hard squeeze."
Jackie say's "You want me to squeeze them?"
"Yes. Squeeze them as hard as you can. I might cum if you do, but it won't hurt."
"You might cum if I squeeze your balls? Hell, every damn man who's dick I sucked, whimper if I even just touch their balls. And you say If I squeeze your balls you might cum? I don't believe this."
I said "Jackie, if you don't believe me. Then take my balls and squeeze them as hard as you can.
She said "Okay I will."
I said "But if I don't whimper or tell you to stop or you give up. You have to give me a blowjob while every one here watches."
Amy said "Go ahead Jackie. Squeeze his balls."
All the ladies gathered around me to watch Jackie squeeze my balls.
Jackie tells them all. "I will squeeze them and he will beg me to stop. You just watch."
Jackie sat down on a chair. I walked over to her stroking my dick to get it hard.
I said "Okay. I'm ready."
She got a good grip around my balls and start squeezing them. She was given her hands every bit of energy she had. She did this for about 20 seconds, and then stopped and switched hands.
With her other hand, she continued squeezing them. She looked at me and I smiled.
I said "Keep going. I can feel cum creeping up my dick. If you keep going, I just might cum."
After about 3 minutes, Jackie stopped.
I said "Are you done?"
Amy said "Damn Ben, you weren't kidding. I thought for sure you would give up."
i said "wearing ball rings have made my balls less sensitive."
Jackie said "I'm not going to try anymore. Are you ready for a blowjob now?"
I said "Yes I am."
The other six ladies have not moved . Lisa was playing with my dick keeping it hard
Jackie said "Okay Lisa, let me take over."
Jackie placed her hands around my hard dick and then started sucking it. She definitely knew what she was doing. Her tongue and lower lip were playing with the area under the dick head. Her mouth was only taking my dick head in and out.
The other ladies were enjoying the show and encouraging Jackie. I could tell I was getting close. I bit my lip to try to concentrate on pain. It was helping but Jackie was winning the battle.
Amy said "It looks like to me Ben is about to cum."
Jackie stopped for a second and said "I think so too." And continued sucking.
I said to Jackie "When I cum I hope you suck my dick like a straw to get all the cum out of my dick?"
Amy said "Don't worry Ben. Your dick will be cleaned when she is done and no cum will ooze from you dick hole.
I said "Great!"
Meanwhile, I was thinking it won't be long now. I'm close to the edge.
I tell everyone "It won't be long. It's here. My first load shot hard into Jackie's mouth."
I said "Another load went in, and then another."
I said to Amy "you're right, she is sucking it good. I shot 3 more loads and she it still sucking it."
My dick was still dripping cum from it but Jackie has not yet removed her mouth from my dick.
I said "I think Jackie has gotten everything out."
Amy said "She is still squeezing your dick to get every drop. I didn't tell you but Jackie loves cum."
I said "Okay. That's why she is still sucking until nothing left."
I said "Jackie, you can quit now. You got everything."
Jacked took my dick out of her mouth and said "That was good. Your cum tastes good."
Someone went to the bathroom and brought me a hand towel.
I said "I don't need that. My dick is cleaned. But you can wipe it if you want."
This lady took the hand towel and cleaned my dick.
I said "I'm glad everyone enjoyed the show. I did."
I chatted with them for 10 minutes or so and finally got dressed. I got my keys and went over to Lisa and Amy and said "thanks for everything."
Amy said "we all enjoyed you being here and again none of us have seen anyone else with ball rings. We all agree it is sexy as hell."
I smiled and said "I am glad you liked my ball rings."
I went to Lisa and said "Time for me to leave."
Lisa, Amy and Jackie walked me to the door.
Amy said "You got your keys?"
I said "Yes."
Amy said "Okay. Bye love, come back."