This is the first story and can either act as a standalone or as part of the series.
Please don't be too harsh, this is my first story.
As I sit in the restaurant I look around. I always love getting places early, ahead of my friends who are perpetually late. When I told the hostess it was a party of four I was waiting for in this quiet Tuesday night, she asked if it was alright if we sat in a booth, save the tables for those on dates. Fine by me. More than fine actually. The booths were higher, more secluded and against a wall which gave me the perfect view for my favourite waiting game: tease myself in public.
I spread my legs, just a little at first, then some more. And then slowly but surely, I lower my hand. Oh, how I love the thrill of someone possibly seeing me. As I look around the room at the late evening crowd I start to slowly stroke my thighs, all while gently lifting my skirt. When I make eye contact with a man clearly on a first date I move to the inside of my thigh, gently stroking up and down, ever so lightly. When I make eye contact with the middle aged woman dressed in business attire, she raises and eyebrow, which I return as my hand creeps higher continuing the light strokes. I let this go on for a while, feeling the anticipation build. Then a hot young server walks past, I doubt he's more then 20, but for 9pm on a weeknight, he's the youngest in the restaurant. As he passes I see him do a double take, my hand is below the table and I have a flushed look about me I'm sure, but when he turns back I'm smiling gently, hand where it was, now seemingly inconspicuous.
That, that was the moment I was looking for. I finally allow my fingers access to the place they longed for after all this waiting. As I gently place one finger down on my underwear clad pussy I feel a jolt pass through me. I give one stroke starting at the top and working my way all the way down to my slit, where I find I hav soaked through my underwear with anticipation. I continue this movement gently up and down with odd pushes of pressure here and there just to keep me on edge. As I continue to look around, I see an attractive man in this early 30's. He has a chilled jaw and broad shoulders, our eyes lock. It feels like he's looking right through me. I press harder. I imagine him being the one to tease me right now and I feel myself get wetter.
"Damn, my friends are really late tonight." I mutter to myself as I continue to stroke myself through my panties, suddenly. My eye candy's date arrives and I lose my daydream of being fucked hard on the booth table while the restaurant watched.
I keep scanning and then I see them. A couple, down to my left, they're playing gently with each other across the table, as I stare at them, something compels then to make eye contact with me. As we stare across the restaurant at each other, our respective touching gets more intense. I can't take it anymore. I have to dip at least one finger in before I get home.
I pull my underwear to the side, glad I decided to wear a small thong. I stroke my slit up and down a few times and just as I enter my finger I hear a deep voice next to whisper
"Oh yeah baby, stick it in, you know you've been waiting for it for long enough." I gasp, from a mix of fright and from beginning to fuck myself.
I turn to face my mystery voice and am greeted the most gorgeously emerald green eyes of my life and a continuing deep voice that says
"Don't stop on my account, please keep going, it is so ridiculously hot."
He turns away and sits back down in his booth, I continue to pump harder, tapping on my favourite spot and circling my thumb on my clit, I add another finger and go even deeper.
I've never been caught before, I'm ready to make myself cum right here when I remember that the game is only to tease, it's as I'm thinking this I look up and see the first of my friends across the room. I quickly disengage myself and make myself look presentable for a girls night dinner. I'm so close I'm tempted to keep teasing with them at the table, but I don't, it's not fair to them, it'd be creepy actually, but for a second I let myself imagine, legs spread, gently stroking while I engage in conversation, the possibilities are endless. But alas, they didn't consent, and I don't play like that, not with them that close.
As the night wore on I continued to think about the green eyed hunk sitting just an arms length away, his eyes were a deep emerald that seemed to glow outwards like a shining lagoon, and his jaw was chiseled enough to be a statue, and his lips. The way his lips looked so kissable as he whispered to me. I couldn't wait to get home and think of that face while I pounded myself into nothing more then a pile of orgasms. I wished to myself that I could've gotten his name, his number, his anything, but with my friends here it'd be too much.
My friend Candice pulled me out of my revere.
"Jayne, you with us? We're going to go to a bar and have a bit of a boogie quickly before we head home. You should come, get out that nervous energy you've been holding onto all night."
What the hell, I think. Dancing will be good for me, let me find a guy to grind on me and complete the fantasy for tonight.
Suddenly, I see him rise and head towards the bathrooms, it's now or never, I have to make my move.
"Girls, that sounds perfect, but I just need to head the bathroom quickly. I'll be right back."
I hurriedly rise from our booth and follow the stranger, with nothing more planned out then to follow him. As I turn the corner to where the bathrooms are I see him leaning against a wall, arms crossed over what I now see to be broad shoulders, his sleeves are rolled up to his elbows and on his forearms I can see his tattoos as they wind their way up his arms.
"I knew you wouldn't leave without saying goodbye." He purred, voice smooth like dark chocolate.
"I can't be long, I told my friends I'd only be a minute."
He moves towards me and leans over me as I press against the wall, hoping the back of my mind he says screw it and takes me right here, I don't care who catches us. In fact, I want to be caught, so, so, badly.
As he continues to stare at me with those piercing eyes, I see one of his hand lower past me in my peripheral, suddenly I feel his hand on my leg, quickly he grips it right and then gently and slowly slides his palm up my leg, his fingers spreading all around.
My breathing is getting heavier as he inches his hand higher and higher, never breaking eye contact, his breathing hitches and he realises he's gotten to my abductors and it makes him even hotter to see him nervous.
Just when I think he's going to make contact with my hidden bounds, he leans his face even closer to mine, as though he's going in for the kiss. At the last second he stops and his finger slide something into the elastic of my g string.
He takes his hand away, and right before he stands up to walk away, he leans in and whispers.
"Just because I know how much you like to tease, I thought it was time to tease you."
As he walks away I rush into the bathroom to pull out what he slipped into my waistband. It's a note and it says.
'I enjoyed tonight's games immensely, meet me on Friday the restaurant "Salmino's". There will be a table booked for two under the name "Tease" arrive at precisely 8:30. Sit there with your legs spread and hands on the table until I arrive. And don't wear any underwear. Xx'
'P.S, I'll tell you anything you want to know about my on Friday.'
As anticipation fills me I realise that I've been away from my friends to long. The rest of the night goes by like a blur, we danced for maybe 45 minutes and I was home by 11:30 which gave me more then enough time to turn myself into a quivering mess and still get enough sleep for work the next morning.
I go to my draw and pulled out my favourite vibrators, one of my largest dildos and also my anatomically correct model I use to suck. I make sure my alarm is set for the morning so my mind is distraction free.
I lay in my bed naked and spread my legs. I start by gently running my fingers all over my naked body making circles and stroking up and down until I find the spot on my body today that is the most sensitive. Today it's my inner thigh, right next to my knee, I continue to lightly tickle and stroke and circle that area until I I can't take it. I get my cock for sucking and bring it up to my mouth and start to kiss it gently on the head I let it ready there while I continue to caress the head with my tongue. I bring my hand down to my boobs when I roughly massage them and pinch my nipples until their hard. It's then I turn to my side, moving to sucking the balls of the cock. I start to slap my ass, soft at first and then harder and harder until I am crying out in pain. I start to use my other hand to face fuck myself while I continue to slap my ass so hard it'll leave a mark. I move to the other cheek and begin the process again.
The anticipation is building in me. My pussy is crying out for release, begging. I'm so horny it hurts. I continue to tease myself until I'm right at the edge. It's only then do I turn my vibrator it's highest mode and plunge it into my sopping pussy with all the force I can and begin to fuck myself with it. I fuck myself as hard as I can for 10 seconds, and take out the vibrator. And stop. I take my hands away and wait, counting down 10.
9, I get my large dildo in my hand.
8, I let it rest on my thigh.
7, I place my hand right next to my pussy. 6, nothing.
5, I cup my pussy.
4, I rub my palm in a circle over my clit.
3, I take the dildo off my thigh and quickly lick it wet and good.
2, I line it up with my desperate pussy. waiting to filled like the good slut it is.
1, I hold my breath.
0, I ran the dildo into my aching pussy and push it as far as it'll go in one stroke, I feel my pussy throb at the pain and slowly adjust to fit this monster thick 9 inch dildo from tip to base. I pull it out all the way to the tip and ram it in again. I do this a few more times and then I start thrusting up to meet it, fucking myself like a good lover. I use my other hand to rub my clit and use the vibrator taking turns between my nipples, my clit and the spot on my thigh, all while I continue to fuck myself I won't take long, I know, I've been on the edge all night and I can feel myself hurtling toward cliff as I place the vibrator at the bottom of the dildo to being in a new sensation. As the orgasm builds I fuck myself faster and faster losing my rhythm until I scream out and jackhammer myself like an 18yo boy, fucking myself well beyond orgasm until I slowdown and start to build again. And again. And again until I fall asleep with a dildo inside of me, a vibrator beside and my sucking cock resting against my lips.
As I dream that night I see his face, and imagine him fucking me like that.
I can't wait for Friday.