All persons in this story are at least 18 years of age.
If you are reading this, you are probably guilty. At some point in your life, you have lusted over an image of a model with her clothes off. You likely studied every exposed inch of her, and if she really excited you, then you searched for more nude material of her. Undoubtedly, you pleasured yourself while looking at her naked body. Wanting touch her, wanting to be with her, wanting to fuck her!
Did it ever cross your mind that she might have a boyfriend, a fiance, or even a husband? Did you care that she had someone that loved her and wanted her just for himself? Chances are, she had a significant other. I know, because I am that guy that you probably never thought about.
I had just graduated from college in South Carolina, with a degree in marine biology. While I did not live that far from the Atlantic Ocean, the best job offer I received was from a research center on the west coast in California. So I moved to a small town just outside of San Diego. The cost of living was higher than I expected, so I lived on a modest budget. I still had enough money to pay my bills, and even set some aside for savings. I had to commute to work, but my truck was paid off so I didn't mind.
Being new in town, I tried to meet people. It was sometimes lonely, and I hadn't had a steady girlfriend since my junior year of college. I went to a few clubs but the women I met were not like the southern girls I was used to. They would often hear my southern accent, and instantly assume I was a dumb hick. Everyone at these nightclubs seemed so phony and fake, both inside and out. I started worrying I would never find anyone special.
As the new guy at work, I often got stuck with doing the "grunt work" for the research lab. This included; making coffee, picking up lunch, and running various errands. That last one changed my life.
One day I was tasked with picking up orders and stationary from the big branch office supply store near us. This would be the day that changed everything for me.
I walked into the store just after lunch, and went to the customer service desk in the back of the store. One of the things I was picking up, was a box of new business cards that had been printed with my name on them. The girl working the counter had to find several different boxes of stuff we had ordered.
I watched her and noticed how cute she was. Her name-tag said "Katy" and she was dressed in the standard employee attire of a store polo and khakis. She was somewhat short, maybe just a little over 5 feet tall. Her straight blonde hair was pulled back into a ponytail. Her work clothes were a little baggy, so it was hard to tell much about her figure, but I could tell she was not overweight or too skinny. She was not flat chested, but it was hard to tell much under the polo that was too big and her posture. Katy wore glasses, and they were kinda nerdy, not in the hip way people wear them now, but clunky frames that covered too much of her face. She didn't have on much or any makeup either.
Katy was the type of girl that lots of guys might overlook. As soon as she smiled at me though, I was hooked. She rang up the order, and when she handed me the slip to sign for it, our hands touched. She smiled at me again, and I sheepishly smiled back. I left the store and went out to my truck. I sat there for just a minute, thinking back to the fake club girls. I went back inside and went back to the counter.
"Hi, I'm John and I was wondering if you would like to have dinner with me?" I wasn't shy.
"Yeah, I saw your name on the business cards and when you signed for your stuff. Yeah, dinner would be nice. I'm Katy." her posture seemed better, and her chest seemed larger.
"Yeah I saw it on your tit....tag! I meant tag... name-tag on your top there...!" I stuttered.
Luckily she laughed at my poor attempt of speaking English. Katy gave me her phone number and address. We went on our first date that weekend. It was perfect, she was perfect.
Three weeks went by before we slept together. It was the most amazing sex I had ever had. Her body, that been so well hidden in her work clothes, was better than I could have imagined. She had nice sized breasts, that looked big on her small frame, a narrow waist, and nice round and firm butt. Her legs were toned from standing and working at the store. Without glasses, her blue eyes combined with that pretty smile, made her the most beautiful girl I had ever seen.
Katy's apartment complex was nice on the outside. Nothing fancy really, but more than I figured she could afford on her salary. The inside, much like Katy, was not what I expected. It was exceptionally well furnished. Everything was new and very modern. Katy told me that her parents had died in a car crash when she was a baby. Her grandparents had raised her, and when they passed away a few years ago, she had been given a small inheritance. She was finishing college while she worked at the office supply store. I didn't question anything she told me.
A few months into our relationship, Katy called me at work and told me to come over that night. She said "we need to talk." I did not like the sound of it. I moped around work the rest of the day, knowing she was about to break up with me that night. At least she was doing it face to face, and I would have the chance to plead my case.
When I got there, we sat on the couch together and not knowing exactly what was wrong, I let her talk.
"So we have been going out a while now. I haven't really been in nay kind of relationship that I feel like could be...more. I mean, I feel like this has some real potential to be a thing, as in long term." she seemed a little sad while saying this.
"Katy have I done something wrong? I am not sure what's happening here." I explained.
She got up and went to her bedroom. When she came out, she was carrying a men's magazine. I thought for a second that she was about to accuse me of being the owner. She sat down, handed it to me, and told me to look through it. I felt like this was all some kind of trap and I was in trouble. When I still lived at home, my mom had found one of my magazines and confronted me with it. This felt very similar. I hesitated to move or do anything.
"Just look through it, cover to cover." she insisted.
I had a few nude men's magazines, but all of mine were more mainstream. I only bought respectable porn, if there was such a thing. This magazine she was having me look at, was a little dirtier than what I was used to. There were no advertisers for any product that could be shown on television. Every page had x-rated ads, dirty cartoons, or letters from readers. All except the three pictorials.
The first pictorial was a blonde washing her car outside. Each pic showed her with less and less until she was washing herself with the hose and wash bucket. The second pictorial was a brown haired girl, trying on various lingerie in her bedroom. There were very few pics with anything actually on, just lots of taking off whatever it was to show her nude body. The third and last pictorial was a couple having sex, in and beside a swimming pool.
When I finished looking through it, I put it on her coffee table and looked at her. I did not know and would have never dreamed what I was about to learn.
"Well, what did you think?" she asked.
"I have seen stuff like that before, but if you think I hadn't, I am sorry to tell you I have."
"Did you notice anything?" she quizzed me. "Anything that shocked you?"
"Um, no, was I supposed to be looking for something?" I replied.
Katy picked up the magazine, flipped a few pages, and handed it back to me. It was open to the brown haired girl trying on lingerie.
Katy exhaled, "That's me." her words were said so soft, but they hit me so hard.
It was her. Her hair in the pictures was brown with curls. She had lots of makeup on, heavy dark eye shadow, and bright red lipstick. Her naturally blue eyes, were concealed with contacts, brown like her hair. The pictures had a warm glow to them, that seemed like a dream almost. I had just seen these same pics a few minutes earlier, and had not recognized my own girlfriend. This is what she had called me over to tell me. She had done nude modeling.
Katy told me she had done three photo shoots for the same photographer. He would sometimes call her and asked if she would be available on certain dates. The money was really good, and it was not like stripping where it was every night. She was telling the truth about everything else financial, but her income was greatly supplemented by posing nude. She had never planned on having to tell this to a boyfriend before.
Of the three times she had posed, only one was published in a magazine. The other two were on a website that the photographer had sold the pictures to.
It looked like she had tears in her eyes when I kissed her goodnight. I told her I needed to go home to my apartment, and I would call her tomorrow. She did not argue or ask me to stay.
When I got to my apartment, I wasted no time looking up her pictures online. I had to buy a subscription to the website, but there she was naked for anyone who paid to see. There was a place for members to comment, so I clicked on it. It was surreal to read comments from other men about my naked girlfriend.
"I love her tits, especially those long nipples!"
"I bet her pussy tastes like cotton candy."
"Would give my left nut to blow my right nut in her mouth"
"This slut needs a big dick shoved up her wet cunt. I volunteer!"
"I want to fuck this bitch bad."
"Her boobs look perfect for a good titfuck."
"I keep jacking off to her hot nipples!"
These comments made me so mad and also excited me at the same time. I got hard knowing they were looking at her with such raw lust. I stayed up until almost 3a.m. in the morning, on my computer. Nothing was hidden. Every detail of her body was there. There were closeups of her nipples, pussy, and ass. There is no way of knowing how many men have seen Katy exposed, naked, displayed, spread open, wet, longing for sex.
The next day at work, I called her, unsure what I was doing or even going to say. She answered and sounded weary and worried. I told her I loved her no matter what, not to be ashamed or worried. I was not upset with her and I understood. Katy told me that she was all alone in the world, and with me for the first time in a long time, she felt like she had somebody in her life again. I was more than just a boyfriend, I was the closest thing to family she had. Being much alone in California myself, I told her I felt the same way.
Weeks passed and everything was great. She told me every detail and answered all my questions about posing. One night while I was at her place, her phone rang. It was the photographer checking to see if she was available. Instead of telling him 'no' she told him she would call him back. We sat and talked it over. The money she would make, would help pay for almost all the rest of her college. Katy could arrange for me to be on the set with her, if I wanted. The shoot would be done on the weekend and I would not have to miss any work. The thought of it was overloading my brain. I did not want to seem too happy, but I did not want to give her any issues over it by sounding down about it. I told her i would support any decision she made. She called him back and agreed to the pose again. It was going to be this weekend, at a home the photographer had rented near Los Angeles.
Time seemed to drag the rest of the week for me. Katy took a half day off on Friday, and she already had this weekend off, so she did not have to ask her manager. Katy went to her stylist, and had her blonde straight hair colored brown. That same night she called me when she got home to confirm I would pick her up in the morning to drive her to the shoot, if I still wanted to go. It occurred to me that none of her male coworkers had any idea what she did part time. She really trusted me to let me in on her secret life. She had never shared this with anyone before, it made me feel special. I agreed and she asked me to pick her up at 7a.m. sharp. I told her I would be there, and then tried to get some sleep, my mind wandering all over the place.
The next morning, Katy came out to my truck. She was wearing a hoodie and sweatpants. It was the first time seeing her with brown hair, and it was jarring how different she looked. She was carrying a large bag that would help her finish her transformation from office supply store girl, to nude model.
We drove to a private ranch about an hour outside of Los Angeles. The owner of the ranch often rented it out to photographers due to the huge house, pool, barns, and wide open fields. I met Luke who was the photographer, two other guys Ed and Jason that were his set assistants. I learned that there was usually another assistant named Carmen, a female, but she was sick and could not make it today.
In the house, Luke gave Katy a bag with today's wardrobe, and after he told her how he wanted her makeup done. She went to one of the bedrooms to get ready. I sat with Luke, Ed and Jason and we made small talk. I kept thinking that I would be there when very soon my girlfriend would be naked in front of these other guys.
When Katy came out, she was wearing a red, plaid flannel shirt and blue jeans. Her hair was now curled and her makeup was more than the norm for her but not overly done. She looked the same to me but hopefully different enough to hide her identity from people in the real world.
We all got into a kingcab truck and drove across the property to a remote little cabin. There was a woodpile with an ax on the side and after a little more set-up, that is where it started.
Katy began by posing with the ax in her hands pretending to chop wood. After a while, Luke asked her to undo some buttons on the front of the shirt, down below the bra. When she had the top undone, I could see a white lace push up bra, that lifted the tops of her breasts and rounded them out. This side of the cabin was in the shade so Jason held a reflector to light her up some. Ed stood off to the side of Luke with the set kit. Luke continued to snap pics of Katy, telling her to pretend to be hot from chopping wood. Luke said something to Ed I did not hear. I watched as Ed went up to Katy with a spray bottle and he misted water very lightly over her face but more heavily over her exposed neck and upper chest. Luke then had Katy to unbutton the top all the way and pull it open and to the sides. Ed then spray more water onto her torso. It was barely 60 degrees outside and not warm at all. After a few more pics of her shirt unbuttoned, but her bra and jeans still on, Luke had her take off the shirt.
Katy stood in front of the four of us in just her jeans and the white bra. She was still covered, but this was not a normal thing for me to see my girlfriend half undressed in front of three other men that I barely had even met. The bra was not sheer but it had lace accents and you could see the darker areas barely concealed under the cups.
Then Luke told her to take off the white bra. I knew if I told her to stop, she would. Katy looked at me with a quick glance of permission, and I nodded letting her know I was ok with it. She did not turn away but faced the three of us as she reached behind and unclasped the bra. There was no turning back now. There was also no tease as the clasp was undone and Katy reached up and shrugged the bra off her shoulders. Then she pulled the cups off her breasts and there she was. Katy faced the three of us with her tits exposed to all four of our eyes. I looked over at Luke who had captured all of it with his camera. Ed and Jason just stood and took in the sight of my topless girlfriend. Jason glanced at Ed and smiled at him, then caught me looking and pretended it didn't happen. Being slightly damp from the spray bottle, in the shade, and a cool breeze, it made Katy's nipples really stand out. Luke got closer and took pictures that were solely focused on her erect nipples. When Luke noticed that Katy had goosebumps, he had her to move to a side of the cabin that was in the direct sunlight.
Luke had Katy put the red shirt back on but leave it open with her breasts exposed. She faced the sunlight and there was little need for Jason to do anything except stand and look at my topless girlfriend. Then Luke told Ed to put "sheen" on her torso from the collarbone to the top of her jeans. I was not sure what this meant.
Katy looked at me in a mild panic as Ed retrieved a tube from the set-kit and walked toward her. She smiled at me sheepishly as I quickly figured out what was about to happen. I glanced toward Jason and saw that evil grin on his face because he knew I was about to see my girlfriend felt by another guy right in front of me.
Ed stood next to Katy and squeezed some of the lotion out of the tube and into his hand. Her bare breasts were inches from him now. He rubbed creamy lotion around in both hands, warming it up then he put his hands on Katy's collarbones. In small slow circles he began to spread the lotion over her. Katy glanced at me as Ed's hands went lower. Katy seemed to arch her back and push her breasts out to give Ed easier access to them. I noticed that Luke was taking pictures of this too. With Katy still looking my way, Ed's hands went lower and he spread the lotion across both breasts. Her nipples disappeared under his palms and then popped back out. Ed stopped to reapply more of the sheen to his hands, again he rubbed it to warm it up then he went back to work on Katy's tits. He spent way to much time with his fingertips applying it to her nipples and areolas. I was not sure if it was the warm sun or the warm cream being spread across her breasts but Katy's goosebumps were gone. Her nipples were still very erect from being handled by Ed.
When Ed finished putting the rest of the cream on Katy's stomach, which made her giggle, he wiped the rest across the sides of her ribs. Luke told him to even out the application. Ed again worked the cream in. This time he lifted her breasts in his hands and it looked like he pulled Katy's nipples between his fingers and his thumbs. Jason was not even trying to hide his smile watching his friend fondle my girlfriend in front of me. Luke took several more pictures of her like this, with her breasts shining in the sunlight. Her pink nipples stood out, very erect and all of us could see every detail of her tits.
Luke had Katy to remove the shirt again and to lower her jeans to just her knees. Her panties matched the bra she removed earlier. White lace cotton that made her skin seem tan. her jeans were now around her knees.
Since Jason was not doing anything, Luke had him to help Ed apply more of the lotion across Katy's body. Jason said something under his breath to Ed as they both rubbed the lotion over her body. I saw Ed grinning back to Jason, knowing they were loving every second of what they were getting paid to do, while I watched helplessly to the side. I never thought to ask Luke if I could put the lotion on Katy instead and he never offered to let me do it.
Jason had mostly just put the lotion on her legs and arms. I heard him tell Ed and Katy that he had too much left on his hands. Jason then put one hand on each of Katy's tits and rubbed it in. Jason also spent a little too much time "spreading it evenly" across her nipples. Katy would sometimes look down as they pawed her and then look at me as if to want my approval to let them.
No matter what she might later say, Katy obviously loved having two men rub and fondle her naked tits at the same time. In plain sight of me.
Luke was again taking pics of this happening, although it did not match the theme of the photoshoot. When Ed and Jason finished rubbing her down, Luke took a series of pictures of her like this. He jeans down to her knees, topless, with the panties on. He had her pull the sides down slightly with her thumbs. He had her turn around and took several more of Katy's ass. Luke had her to pull the panties up into her ass cheeks before telling her to pull them down in the back, exposing her bare bottom to all four of us. She looked over her shoulder and feigned like she had been caught in this position by an imaginary stranger. He knees locked back, ass pushed out, back arched to thrust out her breasts.
Luke told Katy to turn back around and then he told her to push the panties down to her knees also. I watched as she lowered the last bit of dignity she had, down to where her jeans were. She stood back up and we could see she had a perfectly groomed landing strip. Her pussy lips looked to be shaved slick.
Katy did as Luke told her with various poses. He finally had her to sit on a nearby stump and open her legs up. Luke, Ed, Jason and I watched as she obeyed. Katy parted her knees and we could see all of her pussy. It was dripping wet. I know that Ed and Jason knew Katy was soaked from the two of them pawing at her earlier.
You cannot imagine what it was like to hear Luke tell my future wife these things;
"Ok Katy, now spread open your pussy with your fingers of your right hand and squeeze your right tit with your left hand."
"Now lift both your tits up and hold them, keep your legs open. That's really good, hold that. Great! Now pull your nipples out as far as you can and hold them there."
"Katy use both your hands to spread your pussy open. Perfect! Now show us your clit. Pull your pussy up with one hand showing your little clitty and down with the other hand while you spread the lips apart. Yes, right there, that is very nice."
"Sit up a little, arch your back, push those tits out. Now lick your finger tips and suck on them. Taste yourself on them. Pinch your left nipple with your left hand, lick the tip of your right index finger. Move the elbow up so we can still see your other tit."
I watched as Katy obeyed all these commands. Jason and Ed watched too. I saw Ed adjust himself as he was getting hard with seeing Katy like this. Jason had one of his hands in his pocket, no doubt playing with his cock while Katy put on a live porn show.
The shoot lasted almost two hours. We packed everything up and got back in the truck. Luke drove with Jason sitting in the front passenger seat. I sat behind Luke, Katy was in the middle and Ed behind Jason. Katy held my hand while Jason would look back at me from the front and give me that asshole grin of his. I glanced over at Ed and although Katy was now dressed again, the bumpy ride caused her tits to bounce. Ed smirked as he watched them jiggle, knowing he had been allowed to see, touch and feel them.
When we got back to the main house, Luke had Katy come inside to sign some more legal documents while Ed and Jason unloaded the truck. The owner of the house came out and asked how the shoot went. I overheard most of the conversation.
"How was everything?"
"It was fucking great!" Jason answered.
"She is one of the best models I've seen." Ed added.
"Was that her that went inside?" the home owner asked.
"Yeah man!" Jason answered again excitedly.
"Looks like she'd got some big knockers." the owner smiled.
"Oh man, they are perfect. You ought to feel of them." Ed replied.
"Yeah man, big and firm with them huge ass nipples that stick out like you wouldn't believe." Jason added. "We both got to feel them and she got wet as fuck!"
"How do you know she got wet? You get to see her pussy too?" he asked.
Ed answered, "Yeah, we usually get to see all the girls that pose naked. This one gets horny when she gets her pics done. The guy over there is the boyfriend."
"No way, he watches all this and doesn't get mad about it?"
"He watched Ed and me rub all over his girl, feel her tits and ass and just stood there with his dick in his hand." Jason said jokingly.
The three of them laughed and shook their heads. In a few minutes, Katy came back out and asked if I was ready to go. I just nodded yes. I was a bag of mixed emotions. Luke shook my hand and told me it was nice to meet me. Ed and Jason shook my hand also.
When Jason shook my hand he said, "Sorry about that, I may have some of that sheen cream we put on her tits, still on my hand."
"Stop being a dick Jason!" Luke said to him.
We left and drove back. It was an awkward car ride, with very little said. Katy was cautiously trying to read me while she rubbed and held my hand. We got back to her place a little after dark. She asked me to come inside and I quietly stepped into her apartment.
Then she feverishly attacked me sexually. We had sex for hours while she told me how it felt when Ed and Jason were touching her and Luke took the photos. Katy had never been this aggressive with me before.
That was also the first night I heard Katy scream when she came. It would not be the last.