On Monday morning, Julia got up and left for work quickly. I worked remote, but I had meetings that required my camera be on, so I got up and got dressed too. I'm sure some of my coworkers only put on shirts (a few had told me as much), but I was always afraid I'd forget and position the camera wrong or something would happen that would land me in a sexual harassment situation. Reluctantly, I put on a button-up shirt and khaki pants (but no underwear, per my recent default instructions from Julia).
Having had a second long, restless night in a row, I expected today to be challenging. I was fortunate to have the morning to myself, while Julia's best friend slept in. However, when Amelié came downstairs completely naked, I knew it was only going to get worse. At 5'4" and 110 pounds, with 34C boobs, a tight ass, and a completely shaved pussy, her body was designed to make my day challenging.
I was in the middle of a work call when Amelié descended into the living room and into my peripheral vision. Luckily for me, she was behind my laptop and therefore behind my camera, or I would've had to answer some awkward questions for sure. Seemingly unperturbed, she flitted about the kitchen, preparing coffee and toast, making absolutely no efforts to cover herself. I got nervous as she approached my pull out couch, but she didn't enter the camera's view - she just stood with her glistening labia right at my eye level.
I dropped from my meeting as soon as I possibly could.
"Can I help you?" I asked rhetorically.
"No, I think I've got everything I need," my French houseguest replied.
"Were you gonna get dressed at all today?" I couldn't believe I heard frustration in my own voice, but I guess two days of barely relieved teasing could do that to you.
Amelié just shrugged. "You've already seen it all, haven't you?"
"Well, do you expect me to get naked with you?"
"No, not really," Amelié answered. "In fact, I'd rather you didn't. I actually kinda like this thing where you're clothed and I'm not. It's turning me on."
So that's how we spent the early afternoon. My wife's nubile friend would lay next to me on the couch, walk back and forth to the kitchen, and make small talk with me, all while completely nude. Meanwhile, I'd try to get some minimal amount of work done, with bulging eyes and hardening cock. Every movement seemed to cause a delightful jiggle. Every stretch accentuated her beautiful form. And while she'd move out of frame for my meetings, that only meant moving directly into my line of sight instead.
Around 3:45, she asked if she could turn on a movie. I'd finished my meetings and was nearly finished with my work, so I agreed of course.
Amelié flipped through the channels. "Oh, hey, look at that. It's my namesake."
I looked up at the TV. "Were you actually named after the 2001 movie?"
"Yeah," she told me. "Except some idiot at the hospital put the accent mark over the wrong E in my name. My parents were pissed about it. They're actually from France, you know? But it was too late, so they decided to just go with it."
"That's gotta be annoying," I empathized.
"Eh, I got used to it," she said dismissively. She seemed engrossed in the movie. "You wanna know something else? This is the first video I ever rubbed myself off to."
I choked at the sudden admission.
"Weird, right? We watched it a lot, growing up. One day, I took the DVD into my room and just watched that woman dancing topless over and over, touching myself until I came." Amelié was idly touching herself now. "After that, the movie became a frequent part of my masturbatory routine. I started touching myself to more and more scenes, starting with the brief bits of nudity, of course. Pretty soon, I'd just watch the whole two hour movie, edging myself the whole time, and getting a little thrill every time someone said my name." Amelié had two fingers inside herself now, and was slowly grinding her clit with the palm of her hand.
I closed my laptop with an email only half written. I was done for today.
Amelié looked up at me. "Are you gonna join me?" she asked demurely. "Or are you just gonna watch again?"
My ears perked up at the word 'again.' Suddenly nervous, I said, "I thought you liked to be watched?"
"And I KNOW you like to watch," she answered with a smirk. "How'd you like watching last night?"
I started to sweat. "How did you know I was watching last night?"
"I saw the red light on the camera, dummy. Don't worry, I don't mind. You're right: I DO like to be watched. I hope you had a good view of your wife's face as I made her cum for the first time. But now it's time for you to return the favor. Take your cock out."
I followed Amelié's commands, only unzipping my pants but not removing them.
"Which hand do you use?" she asked me.
I held my right hand towards her. She took her wet hand out of her pussy and wiped her juices on my palm. Then she leaned forward and spit on my exposed cock. Satisfied, she laid back and resumed touching herself. I began stroking my dick, using two of Amelié's fluids as lube. Amelié lay next to me, working her pussy with her right hand and teasing her nipples with her left hand.
For several minutes, we didn't say anything. I knew I was on the verge of cumming already, so I jacked off gently and slowly, trying to stave off my inevitable orgasm. Instead, I watched Amelié's face contort, her cheeks flush, and her lower lip tremble. I listened to her breathing quicken, and then hold, and then gasp deeply, before quickening again. Her back arched and her rib cage oscillated from side to side. Her hips ground upward slowly but determinedly to meet her thrusting fingers. I didn't dare blink as I watched her take herself closer and closer to orgasm, right in front of me.
"Seh meh nem," she mumbled through a clenched jaw.
"Hmm?" I asked, unsure if the sounds were even directed at me.
"Say - say my name," came the breathy reply. "Say my name."
"Amelié?" I said tentatively. Her body visibly spasmed when I did. "Amelié," I said again more confidently. She gasped. "Amelié, Amelié, Amelié," I repeated. She grunted and shuddered with each utterance. "Amelié," I whispered sensually. Her back arched until only her shoulders and her hips were touching the sofa. "Cum, Amelié," I commanded. She did. She let out what little oxygen she had left, as her body crashed back down and reversed into a sudden ab crunch. She worked her fingers over her clit rapidly as her whole body shook from the force of the orgasm coursing through her. When it had passed, she sucked in several deep, needful gasps of air, while continuing to play with herself.
"I need another," she said desperately. "Are you ready yet?"
"I'm damn close," I answered truthfully.
"Cum with me this time then," she instructed. She started masturbating more aggressively. "Cum with me. Shoot your cum all over my pretty o-face. See if you can get any in my open mouth as I cum. Just make sure you save enough to paint the rest of my face and my tits too. I want you to cum all over me, while you moan my name."
I was all too ready to follow those instructions. I knelt on the sofa, at a 90 degree angle from Amelié. I stroked my cock over her beautiful brown eyes, as I watched her bring herself to the brink of another orgasm. When I could tell she was ready to cum again, I finally let my orgasm overtake me too. I moaned her name, "Aaaaaameliéeeeee," and she squeezed her eyes shut tightly in the throes of her own orgasm. The first string of my cum drew a line across her forehead. The second went diagonally from one cheek, successfully into her open mouth. The third stretched across her nose. The final few bursts landed on her clavicle and the upper slopes of her heaving breasts.
I sat back on my heels, as we both caught our breath.
"I bet you loved that, you perv," Amelié finally said breathlessly but still somehow managing to work in a teasing air.
She sat up and shimmied her way off the couch. She strutted to the kitchen, and I looked back over my shoulder to watch her ass sway. She returned quickly to hand me a few napkins, but stood there with my cum dripping off her face and her tits unabashedly.
"I'm gonna go take a shower. Clean up any drops of your cum from the sofa before our friend, i.e. your wife gets home," she ordered. She turned to walk toward the bathroom. "Good luck cumming again when Julia gets home!" she added with a laugh.
***
Amelié was still in the shower when Julia got home. Julia greeted me with a kiss, and we compared notes on how our days had been. While we were talking, the sound of the shower cut off, and a few minutes later, Amelié exited the bathroom.
Amelié was wearing one of Julia's bathrobes. On my wife, it came to just above the knee, but on her friend, it came to just below the knee. Amelié had tied the robe in the front and tied her hair back in a ponytail. She was barefoot and her toes were still painted nicely from Saturday.
"Hope you don't mind I borrowed a robe-" Amelié started.
"Of course, it's fine!" Julia interjected.
Amelié didn't wait for a response and talked over Julia to say, "-but I was thinking we could have a robe night!" She handed another bathrobe to Julia. "Like in college!" She held a bathrobe out to me. "You too, Jimmy!"
I took the robe from her. "What's a robe night?"
Julia was already taking off her blazer and her blouse. "Just something we used to do in college when we didn't feel like going out. We'd hang out in bathrobes all night, paint our nails, watch a movie, play games, that sort of thing. Sometimes, we'd institute a penalty for whoever took their robe off first, whether that was to take a shower or put on pajamas or get dressed in real clothes, or whatever. A penalty for ruining robe night."
"Exactly! And even though it's definitely a girls' night thing, your husband can be part of it this time. Now hurry up, you two! I'll go pour us some wine."
Julia picked up the pace, so I joined her in quickly disrobing and, well, robing. We were beyond the point of expecting any sort of privacy around our houseguest. Like Amelié had said that morning, "We'd already seen it all, hadn't we?"
During the first two glasses of wine, we just talked. I felt like Amelié was crossing and uncrossing her legs more than was probably necessary, but my keen eye never saw anything interesting. However, there was something erotic about knowing we were all wearing just one piece of clothing each. Unfortunately, that one layer was thick enough that I couldn't even see any nipples poking through.
As Julia got up to open a third bottle of wine, Amelié suggested we play a game. She got down on her knees (again, not showing much in her thick robe) and quickly scanned through our cabinet. She pulled out Settlers of Catan, and began setting it up on the ottoman. Julia and Amelié sat cross-legged on the floor on two sides of the ottoman. I sat on the sofa bed, far enough from the board that I would have to rely on the girls to roll and hand cards to me.
The game began normally enough. I took a quick lead (which was itself, normal enough), and Julia soon found herself in third place. I was interested and enjoying the game on its own merit, until Amelié found a way to shift my focus.
"Come on, can't anyone trade me some grain? Ugh, I know you have some, Julia! You JUST rolled a 5 and picked up some grain on your last turn," Amelié accused.
"I know, but I need that grain for later," Julia rejected any of Amelié's bartering.
"What if I sweeten the deal by flashing you my tits?" Amelié asked.
This drew my attention immediately and pulled me out of my strategizing. I was biased, but I was interested to see Julia's response.
Julia giggled. "Okay, deal!"
I had seen plenty of Amelié's tits over the past few days, but that didn't stop me from giving her my full attention as she untied her robe and shrugged it off her shoulders. The lapels of the robe perfectly framed her 34C tits with those perfect pink nipples she thrust forward so generously. With a shimmy and a giggle, Amelié completed her end of the deal and closed her robe back up. Julia forthrightly handed over the grain card Amelié needed.
A few turns later, a similar situation arose, where Julia needed a resource she knew I had. She didn't even ask, but promptly stood up, untied her robe, and flashed her tits and pussy at me all at once. She then helped herself to the card she needed from my hand, without even giving up a card of her own. I couldn't say I was all that mad about the deal. Her perky 32B boobs were my favorite in the world, and she had been growing out her bush at my request.
A few turns after that, Amelié rejected a deal for a resource Julia needed. A somewhat tipsy Julia reached for the belt of her robe, but Amelié stopped her.
"No no, no flashing. I want something else from you," Amelié informed.
"Hmm, what would you like?" Julia asked with a big smile.
"Information," Amelié stated flatly. "I want to know the record for how many times Jimmy has made you cum in one night."
Julia blushed, but answered proudly. "I think the most was three times in one night!"
"I bet I could beat that," Amelié said as she handed over the card. Julia's blush deepened until it matched the color of the game's box.
We played a few more turns without the need for trading resources. I thought I saw something calculating in Amelié's eyes though. As she set the dice aside, she turned to me and said, "I need some wood. I know you have some for me, Jimmy."
"Ah, I don't know if I can really give you any wood..." I played along carefully.
"Are you sure? What if I sweetened the deal a bit?"
"Um, what did you have in mind?" I asked.
"What about...a kiss?" Amelié asked.
My eyes darted over to Julia's.
My wife clapped her hands together excitedly. "Yeah! It seems weird that everyone in this room has kissed each other at some point, except for you two."
"I don't think it's that weird..." I started, but Amelié was already walking over to the sofa bed. "Um, Julia, are you sure you're okay with that?"
"Yes, I approve! It's just a game, so it doesn't really mean anything. Honestly, after what happened last night, a kiss is no big deal."
Amelié hadn't waited for Julia's justification. At the word 'yes,' she had leaned over and kissed me on the mouth. I don't know what Julia had been expecting, but I was surprised when Amelié parted her lips and slipped her tongue into my mouth. Despite everything that had happened last night (and this afternoon) between me and Amelié, this kiss still made my heart start beating wildly. I hadn't kissed anyone besides Julia in over a decade. This somehow felt more intimate than any of the fooling around that had happened since Amelié had arrived. Given Amelié's dominant and assertive nature, her kiss was surprisingly soft. After a few seconds that could've been a few minutes, Amelié stepped away from me and my new erection.
I glanced over at my wife again quickly, but she seemed unfazed by the kiss. Amelié retook her seat on the floor, and I struggled to discern whether she'd taken a card from me or not.
On Amelié's next turn, she claimed she needed ANOTHER resource. I noted that she actually had a lot of cards in her hand and it was unlikely she needed to make this many trades. However, I also acknowledged that's not what the game was about anymore - at least not for Amelié. This time, her target was Julia.
"What do I want, what do I want..." Julia pondered. "I know! Information!" she followed her friend's lead from earlier. "I want to know how many sex toys you own!"
Amelié smirked and didn't blush at all. "How many I OWN? I own... probably 15 or 20. But I don't get much use out of them. I prefer the caress of a real partner, or sometimes my own hands."
Julia was pleased with that answer and handed over the resource card.
It was Julia's turn again. She announced she needed some bricks and looked expectantly at me. "I suppose now YOU want some information? Probably for me to explain what I said earlier about everyone in this room having kissed before. Well, one time, at college, we were at a party, and this girl dared-"
"No, no," I interrupted Julia. "I might wanna hear that story later. Right now, I want something else from you."
"Oh?" Julia's brow furrowed. "What do you..."
I was feeling bold, and when I looked over at Amelié, her wink encouraged me.
"I want you to give me a blowjob." I said pointedly to Julia.
"Oh!" Julia giggled. "Are you sure? I mean, you were gonna get that eventually anyway."
"I know, and that's fine. I want it now though."
Julia shrugged. "Okay, works for me!" She made her way over to my temporary bed and laid down on her stomach between my legs.
"Should we pause the game?" Amelié asked.
"I don't think so," Julia answered. She untied and flipped open my robe, in full view of her friend. My hard cock reached for the ceiling right in front of Julia's face. "I don't think this will take that long."
Julia took the head of my cock into her mouth and started sucking. Her warm mouth felt amazing, but I didn't plan to cum anytime soon. Between the orgasm I had earlier and the wine, I was prepared to make this blowjob last.
The game continued, with Amelié now rolling and distributing cards for all three of us. She didn't try to broker any deals, instead letting us focus on the oral without interruption. She did, however, narrate what was happening on our turns and ask what choices we wanted to make.
At first, Julia would switch from the blowjob to a handjob, so she could look at the board when necessary. By the fifth time Julia was asked a question, she had given up on freeing her eyes or her mouth. "Buy uh ehvellehen cawd," she would say with my cock pressed against the roof of her mouth.
Whether Amelié actually understood or not, she'd always make Julia repeat herself a few times. Finally, Amelié would give an exaggerated cry of epiphany, and confirm, "Do you mean 'buy a development card'? Okay, got it. Sorry, it's so hard to understand when you talk with your mouth full."
Meanwhile, Julia's attempts to speak while gagging on my cock with an open mouth led to her saliva spilling out everywhere. This was turning into the sloppiest head she'd ever given me.
The game progressed until we'd had eight turns each during the blowjob. This was also turning into the longest head she'd ever given me. Amelié seemed ready to change things up again because on her next turn, she claimed to need a resource that only Julia had.
Julia pulled her head off my cock. She massaged her jaw for a moment as she looked at her longest friend. "How about in exchange for whichever resource you need, you come help me with this?"
Amelié feigned confusion. "Help with what?"
"Help me make Jimmy's cock explode! He needs to cum tonight, and I'm getting tired. I'm not sure what's taking so long - I would've thought he'd be primed and ready to go because he hasn't cum since yesterday and we've been teasing him throughout this game."
"Hmm, that's true: he does need to cum tonight. Okay, if you're sure, I'll come help." Amelié scooted over to the side of the bed. She knelt on the floor at a 90 degree angle to the direction Julia was still laying on her stomach.
Julia resumed suckling the head of my hard cock. That left a lot of me exposed to Amelié's close up view. Amelié leaned forward. I could feel her warm breath, seemingly all over my body, even though her face was positioned in one place in particular. She extended her tongue, and licked my shaft slowly, deliberately, from the base to the ridge around the head.
The physical contact was minimal, but the knowledge of what was happening blew my mind. My cock throbbed vivaciously.
Amelié repeated the lick, more quickly and forcefully. She planted kisses on every part of my cock she could reach. While Julia kept her lips wrapped around the head, Amelié turned her head sharply, wrapped her lips around the shaft, and slid her mouth up and down my shaft, jacking me off into Julia's mouth with her own mouth. On an upstroke, Amelié's cheek pushed against Julia's cheek until only the very tip of my cock remained in Julia's mouth. Amelié then turned toward Julia and commandeered her mouth into a sapphic kiss - the first they'd shared since that college party dare. Their lips and tongues danced together on the head of my cock. When the girls' attention returned to me, they had swapped duties, with Amelié now working the head and Julia now working the shaft.
I may have had the willpower to prolong the blowjob when it was just Julia, and I had the game to distract me. With Julia and Amelié ganging up on me now, I wouldn't be able to delay my orgasm much longer.
The girls started taking turns taking my cock into their mouths. First, Amelié bobbed up and down on me, taking not just my head into her mouth, but after a few bobs, taking an extra inch. Julia lost her room to play, so she just watched. Then, Amelié released me, so Julia could try. Julia bobbed up and down on my cock, matching what Amelié had done. When it was Amelié's turn again, she bobbed deeper, taking half of my cock. The girls continued to share me like this, almost competing to see who could take me deeper, incrementing just a half inch on each turn. My balls were boiling over the whole time. Finally, Amelié upped the game, going from three-quarters of my cock, to taking my full cock all the way to the base, in a single turn. Not only that, but she gave me twice as many bobs, slamming me into the back of her throat and pressing her lips against my pelvis. Unable to withstand another second of this, I blasted my cum directly into Amelié's throat. I groaned heavily, but Amelié didn't make a sound. She just swallowed repeatedly, taking my cum one shot at a time, and milking me with her throat muscles for more.
When she'd finished swallowing all my spending, Amelié released my head from her mouth and released my balls from her hand. "Oh my, that was so unexpected! James, you should've warned me you were about to cum! I'm sorry, Julia, if I'd known, I would've stopped and let you finish him off."
"Oh, that's okay!" my ever cheerful wife reassured. "Jimmy can go off kind of unexpectedly. I appreciate your help! I'm sorry he came in your mouth."
"Totally fine," she told Julia. Turning to look me in the eyes, she repeated, "totally fine."
***
We decided not to finish our game of Catan at that point, but we did finish that third bottle of wine.
Amelié gave me a speculative look and said, "You know... it occurs to me that Jimmy lost the game."
"Uhm, I feel like a winner, to be honest."
"No, no, the ruining robe night game. You were the first to take off your robe." Amelié explained.
"Well, technically, the robe was taken off of me," I defended.
"Still counts!" Amelié was adamant. "You ruined robe night. That means you get a penalty."
"Ooh, what should it be??" Julia got excited.
"I think the loser... should have to stay down here, while we go have more fun upstairs!" Amelié leapt to her feet and grabbed Julia's hand to pull her up as well. "And now that the loser has already been determined, we're free to take our robes off as well!"
Amelié untied her belt and flung it backwards off of herself quickly. Before Julia had time to react, Amelié had untied her belt as well and pulled her robe off her shoulders. The two robes were pooled at the foot of the stairs.
"Goodnight!" the two girls called as they scurried upstairs together, naked.
I wasted no time turning on the pet camera this time. It was pointed right at the bed, just in time to see two perfect asses crawl away from the camera and up the bed. I knew Amelié was aware of the camera and was probably expecting me to tune in to the show. Julia had probably forgotten about the camera, as we hadn't used it in a year and it had become part of the background of our house.
The girls were whispering to each other, so I couldn't hear them from where I lay downstairs, but the camera's mic picked them up well enough.
"That was so fun!" Julia effused.
"I know! I can't believe the game progressed that way," Amelié claimed.
"I know! We've never- I've never done anything like that! I had no idea that's where this night would go." Julia agreed.
"Not your normal game of Catan?" Amelié teased.
"No," Julia giggled. "Not our normal game of Catan."
"You know..." Amelié crawled her fingers across Julia's belly. "I think I need something else from you. A resource card. Water. I need some moisture from you. Is there anything I could trade you for a moisture resource?"
"There's no moisture resource card..." Julia sounded confused.
Amelié's hand trailed down to Julia's pussy. "Hmm, feels pretty moist to me..."
"Oh, ohhhh! Oh Amelié, I don't know. Last night was-" Amelié began rubbing Julia's clit. "-oh, well, okay, maybe."
Amelié had positioned Julia perfectly. The camera was pointed directly at where they were laying. The resolution with the lights off wasn't as sharp as I would've liked, but I could still see what was happening. As opposed to last night, the girls were both on top of the covers tonight. Julia lay on her back, legs spread, with her wonderful, perky breasts on display. Amelié was scooted down the bed a little more, propped up on her side. Her right hand was on my wife's pussy; it looked like she had a couple fingers inside and her thumb pressing against the clit. She was placing kisses all along the swell of Julia's breasts.
"Hmm, that does feel really good. You're so good at that," Julia complimented.
Amelié sucked one of Julia's nipples into her mouth before responding. "Oh, you haven't seen anything yet," Amelié intoned. "One of these days, I'm gonna beat Jimmy's record and make you cum four times in one night." Julia shivered. "But I don't think you're ready for that just yet. So tonight, I'll content myself with one. One earth-shaking orgasm."
If I were a better man, I would've taken notes on what happened next, so I could've tried to bring Julia that same level of pleasure. As it was, I just watched and enjoyed the show, as our French house guest delivered my Italian wife exactly what she'd promised.