Mitzi and I had been married several years and she has always been an exhibitionistic freak, to put it mildly! She had a thick, hard, muscular hot body and stands just under 5' tall. Her breasts are OMG firm at 36C. She knows it and she wants everybody to see all of it and all of it in ACTION! I hope I have time to write many more of our "short stories". There are many, many of them. Although similar in some respects, they are each very different and special to me. I am not a writer and I have never written fiction, but several women in my life have left me with some very vivid and special memories. (Little Miss Mitzi is WAY near the top of the list). I am simply trying to document my memories as accurately as possible. I enjoy my memories immensely. I hope you do too. I want you to feel like you were there with us. In some of these cases, maybe you were?
This particular story is about when we found an old drive-in move theater on one of our out of town trips. Mitzi had already been flashing truckers on the highway and had her blouse completely unbuttoned and of course, wearing NO bra. Her 36C breasts looked a lot bigger because she was so short and had such a well-defined waistline. When she saw the drive-in off to the side of Highway 52 in the little NC mountain town of Mount Airy, she got excited and told me to pull in there. I forget the name of the movie, some kids movie...Finding Nemo or something like that. As we drove up to the ticket booth, the lady selling tickets asked "How many?" Mitzi leaned across my lap with her blouse totally open and her awesome titties hanging out and answered "TWO PLEASE..." I had to laugh out loud and Mitzi winked at me as the lady reminded us that this is a kid's movie and a family theater.
We drove in and I asked Mitzi if she wanted to park on the back row...the regular location for folks who want to fuck during the movie. But Mitzi said "NO! Over there!" She pointed to a blue, jacked up, redneck pick-up truck with two young couples in the crew cab. Then as I pulled up beside them, Mitzi guided me into the exact position where she wanted me to park. She told me later that she knew exactly what she had planned and she wanted to make sure that these kids got a good view.
Mitzi still had her blouse open and her naked titties were standing straight out and firm. The youngsters couldn't take their eyes off of her. I heard one of the guys say "Holy Shit! Look at THOSE!" as the girls giggled and slapped the boys and all of them whispered.
Mitzi suggested that we walk to the concession stand and get a soda. I agreed. As she stepped out of the car she turned toward the pick-up, as if shielding herself from the crowd entering the concession stand, grabbed the tails of her blouse and tied them across her midriff. No need to button up now!
Now she was showing her tight little abs as her titties were still standing proud and barely covered. Mitzi was giggling like a little kid. Moms and Dads were pointing and whispering as we stood in line to buy our soda. We got our drink and Mitzi practically skipped back to the car watching her own titties bounce. She was such a joy to be around. I was SO proud that she was MY girl!
When we got back to the truck it was dark enough that the movie was starting. Mitzi reached over and unzipped my jeans and started rubbing my cock. She said "Lay your seat back and relax." So I did. She leaned over and started sucking my cock. Suddenly I had forgotten where I was and it didn't matter. Her blowjobs have made many a man turn suddenly stupid! She looked up into my eyes and smiled and asked, "Are they still watching?"
I could see clearly that the couple in the back seat of the crew-cab was intently glued to the action in our car. I said, "Oh yeah, Baby...they're watching." She sucked long and slow and moved around every way she could to give them a good view.
Then Mitzi said, "I want to FUCK NOW!" I swear they could have heard her.
She started taking all of her clothes off as she told me to get in the passenger seat, her seat. It was quite clumsy, but she laid the seat all the way back and I climbed on top of her. She said "NO. I want to be on top!" We wriggled around until I was on the bottom. From there I was looking up at the kids and all four of them had their faces glued to our show.
Mitzi climbed on top and reached between her legs and guided my cock into her soaked pussy. She has amazing pussy muscle control. As Mitzi rode up and down on my cock, she raised straight up and put her hands on the ceiling of my '69 Camero. She was totally naked and totally exposed to our young friends and anybody else who happened to glance in our direction.
She was fucking me SOO GOOD! Her titties were as hard as bricks and her chest was flushed red. She arched her back to accent her breasts even more...she was so hot! I eased my right hand over to the window crank and lowered the window. Mitzi smiled and winked signaling her approval. After all, how were they supposed to watch with our windows all steamed up like that?
Now the youngster's faces were only about three feet from Mitzi's naked body and nothing but the night air was between them and us as she rode me hard and fast.
Mitzi started yelling "FUCK ME BABY...GIVE ME THAT HARD COCK! DEEPER...OMG...YES! YES, YESSSS!" She always yelled "deeper" even though she knew good and well that I could not possibly get any deeper. LOL. She started rubbing her titties and tweaking her nipples between finger and thumb. When she came she yelled, "FUCKKKKK!!!!! YESSSSS!!!!...."
Mitzi told me to let her lay down on the seat so we twisted around so that she was lying on her back, hands behind her head with her legs wide open. I slid down to the floorboard and started eating her as she hled onto her own knees and pulled them up to her chest spreading them as wide as she could possibly get them. As cramped as it was in the floorboard of that old Camero, it was such a treat. I LOVE sucking fresh cum out of her pussy even if it was just my own this time. I had cum quite a LOT!
Again I heard several comments from the pick-up truck. Mitzi was playing with her titties and looking the teens straight in the eyes as they watched her laying there totally naked, then she orgasmed violently and screamed again, her thighs clamped so tightly around my head that I thought I might smother. Both of her hands were holding my head tightly against her pussy and clitty. Her tight body jerked and quivered for quite a while as I lay there in the floorboard held firmly in place.
When she finally released her grip and allowed me to roll over into the driver's seat, Mitzi breathlessly said "Just drive."
We drove off, neither of us dressed. We drove out naked and right through the downtown section of sleepy little Mt. Airy, and back to the highway headed south.
The last time I looked back at the pick-up truck, all I could see was a pair of girls' feet pressed against the fogged up driver's side rear window with her toes curled and a young white ass pounding up and down hard enough to make the truck rock. I am quite certain that Mitzi was a large part of their motivation.
Thank you for sharing those memories with me. Please feel free to share your thoughts and memories with me as well.