Bethany's mother was a seamstress who worked for a top designer but sadly had to give up the job when she got severe arthritis in her hands. Fortunately Bethany's father earned enough money to keep his wife and daughter in the life that they had grown accustomed to.
When Bethany was 12 her mother started teaching her all that there was to know about making clothes, especially for women and the type of clothes that models would wear on the catwalk.
By the time Bethany was 16 she was making all her own clothes and was the envy of her schoolmates and quite a few of the boys at her school had a crush on her. When she was 18 at the school leavers ball Bethany wore a gown of her own creation that could easily have been designed by any of the worlds top designers. Bethany was unable to wear any underwear under the gown, something that didn't bother her as she often went without, even to school, after she had come to the conclusion that bras and knickers were pointless and she only wore them when she thought that she had to. On top of that they spoilt the lines of her clothes. Bethany hated VPLs and indentations from elastic.
Maybe now would be a good time to describe the rest of her slim body. She is 168 cm tall and weighs 55Kg. She has a cute face with long blonde hair, a small but bubbly butt and an 83 cm 60 cm 84 cm figure. In her early years she had gone to ballet lessons and when she went up a school she stopped ballet and took up gymnastics getting good enough to represent her school for a few years, so, as you can imagine she has a very trim and flexible body.
It was only when Bethany went into the brightly lit school hall that she realised just how see-through the gown was when one of her friends asked her if she knew what she was displaying. Bethany looked down her front and could easily see the little even darker bumps on her small, dark areolae surrounding her prominent, dark nipples that were tenting the gown, something that had never happened when she was trying on the gown as she made it.
Looking further down, yes, she could see the front of her slit and she was really pleased that her mother had paid for the laser hair removal.
"Oh well," Bethany said to her friend, "if I'm going to be top fashion model I will just have to get used to people seeing my naked body."
Bethany had a wonderful evening with quite a few of her admirers asking her for a dance and a couple of them asking her if she knew what she was displaying. Of course Bethany feigned innocence and embarrassment but kept dancing.
Over the next couple of months Bethany prepared herself for university and was happy when she got accepted at a top university for a Fashion & Textiles course.
That summer Bethany's parents took her and her younger brother on what her parents described as their last family holiday. It was a beach holiday and Bethany had a great time wearing tiny, G-string bikinis and other clothes that she had made. Bethany had to share a room with her brother but that never bothered her as they'd often seen her naked as she tried on her creations in the sewing room that doubled as a dining room and she spent most of her time in the room and balcony in the nude saying that it was too hot to wear clothes and telling her brother that it was okay for guys to see girls naked.
Her brother frequently showed signs of his arousal at the sight of her naked body and Bethany usual got aroused as well because her brother stared at her. At least once per day she had to lock herself in the bathroom and relive her tension.
Bethany was a big hit with all the young men in the hotel and the resort, not just because of her good looks but also because her clothing tended to give her many accidental wardrobe malfunctions, and Bethany's like of see-through fabrics meant that her 'interesting' bits were often visible to anyone who cared to give her more than a quick glance. What helped the voyeurs was that Bethany had decided to forgo underwear for the whole of the holiday,
Bethany's mother was so used to working with professional models and seeing them naked and in see-through clothes that she was quite comfortable with the clothes that Bethany was and was not wearing. Although Bethany's father had seen her wearing clothes like that, and trying on clothes when she was making them many times, he couldn't stop staring at her now fully developed body. Bethany smiled many times when she saw the shape of the front of her father's shorts.
*****
When she arrived at the university Bethany was not too happy to discover that she had been allocated a room that wasn't very big at all and she had to talk to her flatmates to get them to agree to her setting up her sowing machine in a corner of the communal area.
Bethany threw herself into her course and was soon showing her designs both on paper and in fabric. Unlike most of the other students on her course Bethany was more than happy to model her creations and accept all the criticisms, praise, suggestion and other comments. Bethany's like for fabrics that are see-through to one extent or another often meant that her naked body was visible to the other students in her class as well and the teachers.
Bethany quickly discovered that being on display, in her creations, in front of her fellow students, around half of which were males, got her aroused. This fact alone was enough to drive her to more bolder designs in terms of less fabric, more see-through and more prone to wardrobe malfunctions.
Of course, Bethany's dressmaking wasn't confined to the classroom and her flatmates would often find her working making and trying on her latest design in the communal area and it became 'normal' for some or all of her 3 male flatmates to see her trying on her creations, them even sitting and watching her as she stripped naked and got into the creation.
*****
At the start of the second semester Bethany was at one of the many student parties, wearing one of her creations that was only slightly see-through but had a lose fitting top, when she was invited to play a game of Twister. By that time Bethany had consumed a couple of alcoholic drinks so she happily joined in and delighted most of the male students there as her top hung much lower than her chest and her very short skirt rose up her backside. After that game most of the boys there were trying to hit on her.
One boy in particular drew Bethany's attention, Lucas, and when he asked her for a date she happily agreed. Now Lucas wasn't Bethany's first date, she'd previously had 4 boyfriends and all of them had fucked her so it wasn't long before Lucas woke up in her bed on a morning.
On their first date Bethany wore a short dress that has a baggy, low scoop neck top with spaghetti straps. She knew that her nipples made little tents in it but she didn't care, that was her norm.
Lucas took her to a little Italian restaurant and they sat opposite each other. Bethany knew that every time she leant forwards to talk to Lucas she afforded him a look down her top and that he would be able to see all of her small tits. Every time she saw him looking down the top her pussy tingled.
They didn't end up in bed that night but the following night after a couple of drinks at a bar near the university Bethany invited Lucas back to her room and they didn't get much sleep that night.
Their relationship blossomed, partially because Lucas loved the way Bethany's clothes revealed her assets and they often discussed the merits of the clothes that she wore, were they blatantly exhibitionistic or were they without thought about wardrobe malfunctions? Lucas didn't know which it was but he liked it. Discussions about Bethany's clothes usually ended with them making love anywhere where they thought that they wouldn't get discovered, and occasionally where there was a good chance that they'd be discovered. Lucas quickly discovered that Bethany's lovemaking level of enthusiasm was proportionate to the risks that they were taking.
Those discussions and the attention that Lucas paid to her frequently exposed feminine parts made Bethany start thinking about the effect that it had on, not only other people, but herself as well. The effects on Lucas were very obvious. Not only in the bulges in his jeans but also in his desire to make love to her every time that he saw her.
Bethany also realised that it wasn't just Lucas who was affected by her displays. She started noticing the lustful expressions on male students and even some lecturers.
What's more, Bethany realised that all the above was making her one really horny girl.
Previously, her creations hadn't deliberately set out to expose the intimate parts of her anatomy, that was just a consequence of her overall designs. But she started creating designs that were primarily to expose her assets, either blatantly, or to put her at a great risk of wardrobe malfunctions.
Bethany started to believe that she was addicted to these exposures, especially the wardrobe malfunctions which could happen even in the most public of places, in fact she realised that she was starting to engineer situations whereby her breasts or her bald pubis and vulva got displayed.
When one of these engineered, or otherwise, wardrobe malfunctions occurred Bethany did her utmost to get Lucas alone so that they could make love and relieve the sexual tension that had quickly built up in her body.
With a little prompting from Lucas, Bethany realised that she is a full blown exhibitionist.
Bethany discussed each new creation with Lucas and he often suggested ways that she could make them more revealing or more prone to wardrobe malfunctions.
Bethany wore her latest creations all the time and as more and more of her body got 'accidentally' revealed she became more popular with the male students, and a handful of the female students as well. Bethany never succumbed to any of the attempts to hit on her because she was deeply in love with Lucas.
So far, I haven't written much about Lucas. He's a little taller than Bethany, quite slim and fit and good looking. He shares a large house with 4 other male students, Zack who is studying Body Massaging, Tim Photography, Ashley Arts, and Blake a Medical student. Quite a diverse bunch but they all get on well together and they all think a lot of Bethany. I don't think that that is just because of the way that she dresses. Oh, I haven't mentioned that Lucas is studying Business Management.
Bethany started staying over at the house quite often and when she does she can often be seen going to the bathroom or the kitchen wearing her most worn outfit, her birthday suit. Maybe that is the reason why the other housemates like her.
After the Easter break Bethany spent more and more time at the house and when it started getting sunny she spent hours outside in the back garden studying and just sunbathing. At first Bethany wore a bikini that she had made but there was more fabric in a paper tissue and Lucas told her that she may as well sunbathe naked for what her bikini was covering. Bethany agreed adding that at least she wouldn't have to keep moving the strings so that she didn't get any tan lines.
Unsurprisingly, all 5 guys took to sitting out the back with cans of beer and discussing their latest conquests and other guy talk. Once the guys started joining Bethany out the back she had to have frequent breaks inside with Lucas taking care of the tingling in her pussy and nipples.
One warm Saturday evening when all 6 of them had been in the back garden all afternoon with Bethany the only one naked. The topic of conversation got around to the summer break and what all of them were going to do. There was quite variety ranging from staying there, going back to their parents to backpacking around Europe.
Lucas suggested that Bethany and him go to one of the lively Mediterranean resorts for a couple of months and try getting a summer job.
"It's okay for you Lucas, your parent will pay for your flights and accommodation but it's pointless even asking my parents, what I need is a way of earning some money quickly."
Unsurprisingly, one of the guys suggested that Bethany get a job at a strip club telling her that she had the perfect body for it and that he bet that she was a great dancer as well.
"I'll have you know that I took ballet lessons when I was little and I was in the school gymnastics club."
"You'd make a great pole dancer Beth." Ashley said.
"If there had been a pole in this garden I would have shown you what I can do."
"Have you ever tried pole dancing?" Lucas asked Bethany who had also been drinking lager with the guys.
"No, but it can't be that difficult, shame there isn't a pole here."
"No, there isn't," Tim said, "but there is a spade in the shed."
With that Tim got up, went to the shed and came back with the spade. Pushing it firmly into the ground he said,
"Come on Beth, show us what you can do."
Bethany looked at Lucas and they both started smiling. Then Bethany got to her feet saying,
"Okay then, but don't expect much, it's only a damned spade."
Bethany started her phone playing one of her favourite songs and went to the other side of the spade and squat with the spade between her thighs.
"Nice." Tim said as Bethany's spread pussy came into his view.
Bethany danced around the spade handle as best she could, even rubbing her pussy up and down the handle. It wasn't much of a dance but it was seductive and all 5 guys got hard-ons. When the track ended Bethany said,
"So what do you think guys, could I get a job as a stripper?"
The vote was unanimous but Bethany shot them down saying,
"Well I'm got going to do that so I'll have to think of something else."
"Okay, Ashley said, "How about modelling for the Art courses students, they're always looking for models?"
"The Photography course sometimes needs models as well." Tim added.
"So does my Massage course." Zack added.
"The Medical School needs Guinea pigs for the human anatomy practicals as well." Blake added.
"Bloody hell Guys," Lucas said, "am I the only one on a course that doesn't have naked girls running around for them?"
"Looks like it Babe," Bethany replied, "but you've got me and I'll get naked for you anytime that you want, but I need money, do any of these models get paid?"
Four guys all said "Yes" at around the same time, Bethany laughing then she said,
"Well that sounds promising, can you all ask around and find out what's going?"
"I'll ask around as well," Lucas said, "see if any of my relatives have got a place in the sun that we can use for a couple of months."
The 6 of them stayed there talking and drinking until it started to get chilly. As they went inside Bethany thanked all the guys for letting her sunbathe naked, telling them that she really hated having tan lines. Unsurprisingly, all the guys except Lucas, came out with comments to encourage her to do it again.
The guys put shirts on and Bethany put a dress on and they went to the pub for a couple of hours. Bethany attracted the usual attention because of her skimpy dress and wardrobe malfunctions whenever she moved around.
One topic of conversation was Zack, Tim and Blake arranging for Bethany to be a model for their courses. They asked her to confirm that she still wanted them to see what they could arrange and she said that she did because she needed the money. They asked her for her course schedule to, hopefully, arrange something for when she was free. Once given, Lucas told Bethany that he thought that she would really enjoy the modelling.
Back at the house some of the housemates had a little trouble getting some sleep due to the noise of passion coming from Lucas' room.
*****
Zack, Tim and Blake managed to fix up for Bethany to model for some of their classes.
Tim's was the first and Bethany wasn't at all shy or embarrassed as she posed for the student photographers. In fact her arousal level rose steadily through the session and Lucas was a very lucky young man shortly after he met her after each of the sessions.
At the end of the first session the teacher (Dave) thanked Bethany, paid her and told her that she was a natural, that he was impressed at how she didn't have even a hint of embarrassment or modesty. He then asked her if she would be willing to model for more classes during the rest of the semester. Bethany tried to play it cool but as they discussed dates Bethany's pussy was leaking so bad that she thought that she was leaving a puddle where she stood.
Dave also asked Bethany what she thought about modelling in some outdoor locations, telling her that natural light is much better that electric lights.
"Yes, that's fine with me, I can understand the lighting thing."
After she had put her dress on she saw Tim waiting at the exit door and he told Bethany that she'd been fantastic. He was about to tell her that he'd overheard the teacher asking her to model for more sessions when he saw Lucas waiting for her.
Tim turned one way and when Bethany saw Lucas waiting for her she ran up to him saying,
"That was totally, fucking awesome Lucas, and they want me to go back for 4 more sessions."
Nothing more was said as Bethany led Lucas to the nearest rest room, a ladies, and she jumped up on the counter, spread her legs and said,
"Fuck me."
*****
Zack was the second to arrange for Bethany to be the subject of massage training class. She had expected to have to get naked for the session and the teacher had already told her to get naked and onto the table when the 6 students arrived. Two of the 6 were girls and Bethany wondered if she would get aroused being massaged by a girl.
The teacher explained to the students what he was going to demonstrate massaging each part of the body then he expected them to practice what they had just been taught.
It took quite a while to get through massaging Bethany's head, limbs and back, and there were times that Bethany could easily have fallen asleep on the table.
Then it was the front of Bethany's torso and when the teacher spent ages massaging her tits and nipples Bethany wondered if she could make it through all the students taking their turns without her cumming. The girl students were the worst, best actually, as they had more gentle hands. Bethany was pleased that the last 2 were the girls.
There was some relief as the teacher demonstrated massaging the abdomen and Bethany's arousal diminished as the students did the same.
Just when Bethany was starting to think that the session was ending the teacher said,
"And now we come to the final area, the genitals."
Bethany's heart started to race as she wondered exactly what the teacher meant.
"For men I'm sure that you all know what men like, but for women a lot more effort is required if the subject is expecting a 'happy ending'." The teacher announced.
Bethany had never heart of the expression 'happy ending' before, other than in romantic novels, but it became clearer as he started stressing the importance of adequate lubrication. Bethany wondered if the teacher was going to fuck her, then she remembered that there were 6 students, would they all fuck her, but what about the 2 girls?
Then the teacher started massaging all around Bethany's vulva, Bethany's arousal level started shooting up.
When he stopped doing that Bethany felt let down a little but her eyes opened wide when the teacher started talking about G-spots.
"He isn't, is he?" Bethany thought.
"I stress again, the importance of adequate lubrication," the teacher said, "but if you have been doing everything well so far, the subject will be like Bethany here, not needing any unnatural lubrication."
Bethany felt herself blush a little but she didn't have time to think about it as the teacher slid 2 fingers into her vagina telling the students which way up they had to be, and then where to find the subject's G-spot.
Well, the teacher was an expert and Bethany gasped as the fingers inside her started massaging her G-spot, all whilst he was explaining what he was doing. Soon Bethany's moaning got louder and louder and she reached her peak, then went over the edge, her body shaking and jerking, all whilst the teacher kept on massaging her G-spot.
Bethany had no idea how long she was up there but she was wasn't complaining. When the teacher stopped and withdrew his fingers, Bethany started coming down from her high. After a minute or so the teacher said,
"And that girls and boys is how you give a female a happy ending. Now, who wants to be first?"
Bethany's concept of time went out of the window as all 6 students took their turn at massaging her vulva then her G-spot Some were better than others but it was the 2 girls who massaged Bethany's G-spot to an orgasm the quickest.
When it came to Zack's turn Bethany just looked at him. When the teacher had announced that all the students were going to attempt to give Bethany a happy ending she thought about Zack and was expecting to be embarrassed but by the time it got round to his turn Bethany was way beyond embarrassment.
Meanwhile, Zack had been really looking forward to getting his hands on the body that he had lusted after every time that he had seen it naked although he would never have made a move on Bethany because she was Lucas' girl.
Once all the students had given Bethany a happy ending the teacher ended the lesson and the students left. Bethany stayed on her back on the table hoping that she could get some energy back. The teacher went over to her and thanked her for volunteering and put an envelope on the table beside her. He also asked her if she would be available for 2 more similar sessions before the semester ended. Bethany just managed to say,
"Oh yes please sir."
A couple of minutes after the teacher had left Bethany was still recovering on the table when the door opened and Lucas walked in.
"There you are Bethany. I was starting to think that you had left via another door. Hey, are you okay, you look shattered?"
"Oh Lucas, I am, they made me cum 7 times."
"Lucky you, no wonder you are shattered. Can you get to your feet and I'll help you get dressed."
"Before you do that lover, pull me to the and of the table and fuck my brains out. I may not be able to respond like I usually do but I'm desperate to be fucked."
Lucas smiled and did as asked.
About 45 minutes later Lucas helped Bethany out of that room after he'd managed to put her dress and shoes on. It took them nearly twice as long to get to Bethany's room which was the nearest to where they were. Once there Lucas stripped Bethany and put her to bed then stripped himself and cuddled up to her. It was 09:45 the next day when Bethany woke-up.
*****
Blake was the last to arrange for Bethany to be the model for the medical students. Blake had told Bethany that the topic of the session was Female Anatomy and Bethany imagined herself being stood on a stage, totally naked, and teacher pointing out all the parts of her body that were different to those of the male model that Blake told her had been there the previous week.
Well that's how it started, Bethany was given a robe to wear and she sat on the front row whist the teacher gave his introductory talk. Then she was asked to get on the stage and remove the robe. As soon as she was asked Bethany felt that familiar, pleasant tingling in her nipples and pussy and it only got stronger when she was asked to stand with her feet shoulder width apart.
The first surprise from the teacher was when he started pointing his Teachers Laser Pointer at her pussy and telling the students that Bethany was a little unusual in that her clitoris was slightly larger than average and that her inner labia were much smaller than average. This surprised Bethany as she believed that she was 'average'.
The second surprise, although it shouldn't have been, was when an examination table was wheeled out and the teacher asked Bethany to climb on to it. Bethany realised what was going to happen to her when the teacher slotted some stirrups into the corners by her feet then asked her to place her feet up on the stirrups.
Now Bethany had had a quite thorough gynaecological examination when she went to see her doctor asking for contraception so she guessed what was about to happen. She'd been a little embarrassed when her doctor had examined her but this was worse, much worse.
Not only was she going to be examined by a teacher, but around 20 students were going to watch, and to make it even more embarrassing, the teacher went and got a video camera on a tripod and placed it where she was sure it would capture her whole pussy. This was confirmed when she saw 3 huge monitors come to life with her pussy displayed on all 3 and to add to her total embarrassment she could see her juices bubbling out of her vagina on those huge screens.
Bethany lay there regretting ever asking Lucas' housemates if they knew where she could earn some quick money, but at the same time she was feeling really horny.
Bethany lay there not really listening to what the teacher was saying but watching what he was doing to her on one of the screens. She couldn't help staring at her clitoris on the screen and wondering if it really was larger than average. She smiled to herself when she thought of it as a little cock.
Soon it was speculum time and Bethany was pleased with how easily it slid in to her and opened her up. As the teacher was rambling on the picture on the screen suddenly went crazy then settled with an image looking right into her vagina. This sort of intrigued Bethany as she had only ever been able to see just inside herself when she squatted over a mirror. Of course she'd seen pictures of the female cervix on the internet but to see her own was very interesting.
It was even more intriguing to Bethany how her small looking vagina (using the teacher's finger as a comparison) could expand to accommodate Lucas' cock.
After more rambling from the teacher Bethany started to relax when he pulled the speculum out, her, and all the students, watching as the entrance to her vagina started to close-up. Bethany hoped that the demonstration was over as she couldn't imagine all the 20 or so students doing to her what the teacher had just done.
Bethany realised that she was partially wrong when she heard the teacher say that 10 students would perform their own gynaecological examination on the willing volunteer.
Ten students were selected then they came onto the stage and stood behind Bethany. She got embarrassed again when she saw that Blake was one of them.
Bethany decided to turn her head to one side so that she couldn't see the faces of the students as they assaulted her pussy. She did however, keep her eyes open and stare at one of the big screens. As the examinations continued Bethany's mind was jumping from one thing to another, some things really stupid like she imagined herself as just a lump of meat that a butcher was cutting up, to sexy things like when the speculum was pushed inside her she imagined that it was Lucas' cock and that it was sliding in and out.
Fortunately, or unfortunately, the actions of the students, and her thoughts, raised her arousal so much so that when the next student inserted the speculum she had an orgasm. Bethany managed to watch the screen as her vagina contracted then relaxed around the speculum over and over, trying to crush it.
Bethany managed to avoid thinking about other body reactions that normally take place when she orgasms.
As she came down from her high she got embarrassed at the though that it might have been Blake inserting the speculum that time. She didn't have the nerve to turn her head to see who it was.
Somehow Bethany managed to get through the rest of the examinations without having another orgasm and she started to relax, thinking that it was all over.
However, the teacher then announced that he was going to examine my uterus using a Hysteroscope. Never having heard of a Hysteroscope, nor understanding how he could examine her uterus, she got a little alarmed.
The teacher must have seen that on her face because he turned to face her and quietly said,
"Relax Bethany, there will be only a little discomfort and I won't be asking any of the students to perform this procedure."
Still confused about what was going to happen to her Bethany's jaw dropped when she saw the teacher hold up what he called a Hysteroscope. It looked like a miniature version of a flexible shower hose and when he moved it around Bethany noticed that the images that were being displayed on the big screens were somehow related to where the end of the flexible Hysteroscope was pointing.
"OMG, you're going to push that thing through my vagina and through my cervix?" Bethany thought.
And he did.
Bethany found the experience to be both embarrassing and arousing. Okay there had been a little discomfort but nothing that she couldn't cope with. As the teacher moved it around inside her she could see her insides on the big screen and she didn't know if she liked what she saw or not. She had never watched any of the medical shows of the television and hadn't known what sort of thing to expect.
When the teacher pulled the Hysteroscope out of her he told Bethany that she could get off the table and get dressed. As she was slipping her dress over her head the teacher thanked her for volunteering and then asked her if she could return for more sessions so that the other students could perform Gynecologic examinations on her. Thinking quickly Bethany replied that she could as she thought that the experience hadn't been that bad.
Lucas was again waiting outside the room and as soon as Bethany saw him she looked for the nearest restroom telling Lucas that she needed to be fucked immediately.
*****
The rest of the semester progressed and Bethany did earn quite a bit of money modelling for all the 3 classes as she had promised.
At the end of the last photography class Bethany got quite a surprise. As the students were leaving Lucas walked into the room and he saw the still naked Bethany talking to the teacher. As he walked over to them Bethany saw him and said,
"Hi Lucas, Dave (the teacher) has just offered me a modelling job for the photography club that he's a member of, it's not a university club, just a town one but they're looking for a model for a shoot at a pub and Dave wondered if I'd be interested, they'll pay me £500 for couple of hours work. What do you think love?"
"Hi Dave," Lucas said, "tell me more about the gig."
Dave spent a good 10 minutes giving Lucas and Bethany the details and answering Lucas' and Bethany's question then Lucas said,
"Well Bethany, it's okay with me but it has to be your decision, you'll be the naked one and from what Tom's just told us they'll want lots of very explicit photographs of you, but £500 will really boost your savings."
Bethany was pleased with Lucas' statement because her tingling pussy had already told her that she wanted to do it. Having strangers, including Tim take photos of her spread pussy no longer bothered her at all but it did still arouse her. Lucas had already taken some of her pussy and when they looked at them on his laptop and talked about the shape of the whole area, and about the bubbles of her juices escaping, Lucas had shut the laptop and jumped on her. They didn't get back to the laptop for over an hour.
Anyway, the Saturday of the big shoot soon arrived and Dave picked up Bethany, Lucas and Tim in his car. Bethany got in the front passenger seat and as she got in she said,
"I'm not wearing a bra or knickers Dave, will that be a problem?"
"I can see that, and no, it won't be a problem." Dave replied.
Bethany had chosen to wear a sleeveless top with spaghetti straps and a scooped neck. Some people may think that the top was too big for her because it was quite baggy. As she walked to the car the top twisted a little and her right tit escaped. She didn't correct her wardrobe malfunction until she was in the car.
To go with that top she wore a very short, wrap skater skirt made of thin cotton. The wrap part wasn't very long and as she walked it opened showing her left thigh right up to above her slit.
Fifteen minutes later they arrived at the pub in a village on the outskirts of the city. It was a refurbished old country pub complete with a beer garden with a couple of couples and around a dozen men sat at the outside tables. Most of the men got to their feet and came and greeted Dave and Bethany, Lucas and Tim stood back a little because Bethany was obviously the star attraction there.
Dave finally introduced Lucas and Tim and told the others that Tim was one of his photography students and that he'd be taking some photos as well.
They all went inside the pub and got a drink and the way that the landlord was looking at Bethany told her and Lucas that he knew exactly what was going to happen.
Drinks in hands they all went into what was called the 'Games Room', a largish room with a pool table in the middle, a darts board at one end and small tables and chairs round the rest of the walls. There was a handful of men stood around the pool table and one man about to take a shot.
"They've arrived Harry." One man said and the man who was about to take a shot didn't and he stood up and looked at Bethany.
"Don't mind us," the same man said, "we'll just finish up here then sit quietly in one corner."
All the photographers started getting out their photography equipment and Lucas checked with Bethany that she was okay. Whilst he was stood in front of her his right hand went down to the front hem of the skirt and cupped her bare pussy for a second then he withdrew his hand and brought it up to between their faces.
"Yes, you're okay with this." He said with a big grin on his face.
Bethany smiled then waited until Dave said that everyone was ready.
"To start with Bethany can you pretend to be taking a shot on the pool table?"
Bethany smiled, took the cue from Dave and bent over the side of the table with her feet spread quite wide.
The photographers all moved to either behind Bethany, or opposite her at the other side of the table. Lucas smiled knowing that those in front of her would have a great view of her tits as her top sagged down so far that it was resting on the side of the table. Bethany's skirt had ridden up her back and those cameras behind her would have a great view of her butt, her cheeks spread and framing her wet pussy.
After a good ten minutes whilst Lucas saw hundreds of camera flashes Dave called a halt to that pose and asked Bethany to climb onto the table. It was then that Lucas spotted one of the photographers using an expensive looking video camera. Dave had never mentioned videos but Lucas wasn't worried because he was sure that Bethany would be happy with it. He made a mental note to ask for a copy of the video.
The poses on the pool table were all with Bethany either sitting with her legs wide open, laying spread eagle or on her hands and knees. The thing was, just before Dave asked her to climb onto the table he asked her to take her top and skirt off so she was totally naked on the pool table.
Bethany displayed herself on that pool table for well over 30 minutes.
Games room shooting over, Dave asked everyone to go outside to the beer garden and everyone traipsed through the main bar. This included the very naked Bethany who made no attempt to hide any parts of her body, much to the amazement of the pub's patrons who all seemed to be watching her.
Outside, Lucas saw that some of the drinkers that were in the main bar had followed all the photographers and Bethany outside to watch whatever was going to happen to the naked girl.
What did happen was that Bethany was directed into quite a few different poses, mainly on one of the outside tables but also on some of the equipment in the kids play area.
Lucas wondered if any regular parents had been asked to keep their kids away because none were visible.
Every one of the poses had Bethany's legs spread wide, some with her legs up in the air and some with her holding her legs near her ears.
Lucas was so proud of Bethany but at the same time he was very eager to get her back to their bedroom.
When the shoot was finally over Lucas gave Bethany her clothes then they went to look for Dave for a lift home. They found him talking to Tim and both of them thanked Bethany, Tim saying that he had some amazing shots and he suggested that he should setup a slide-show that evening for all the housemates to watch. Bethany smiled and replied,
"Okay then."
*****
Over the next couple of years Bethany modelled for Dave's photography club a couple of more times. Each time she had to expose all of herself and her bank balance got a lot healthier.
*****
The slide-show was all setup when Bethany and Lucas finally emerged from their room, Bethany not bothering to put any clothes on.
Unsurprisingly, the slide-show of Tim's photos went well with all the housemates asking Tim for a copy of all the photos.
Slide-show over, Bethany and Lucas rushed back to their room.
*****
The couple had also been successful in getting summer jobs in a lively Mediterranean resort, both as Holiday Reps for the same company although at different hotels, and they managed to get a room in a large villa on the outskirts of the town. Okay, the rest of the villa would be occupied by around 10 other people with summer jobs but it was relatively cheap.
The holiday company was one that specialised in holidays for older teens and those in their twenties and both Bethany and Lucas were pleased that the company didn't have a uniform for their Reps, the only restriction being that the clothes that they wore had to be clean and smart.
Bethany spent may hours making clothes for their working holiday with Lucas helping Bethany to make them as brief as possible. Some very like loin-cloths, Bethany having already decided that she got a real buzz out of teasing guys and her holiday job would mean that she would be meeting lots of young men who were out to have a good time, and a very nearly naked, attractive Holiday Rep was bound to be a target and therefore great for Bethany to tease.
Lucas and Bethany had discussed the probability of her getting hit upon by some very smooth talking guys and Lucas had told her that it was up to her how far she would go with any of them. Bethany had told Lucas that she had no intention of even kissing anyone else but he half expected her to succumb the charms of some of the young men, especially if she'd had a few drinks.
Lucas himself had promised Bethany that he too would never even kiss another girl but she too was a realist and wouldn't get upset if he fucked the odd other girl.
*****
When they arrived at the resort they were met by the company's Resort Manager, a woman only a few years older than Bethany and Lucas, and when she saw Bethany and the way she was dressed she said,
"I can see that you will go down well with all the young guys Bethany, you shouldn't have much problem selling excursions dressed like that."
Bethany's travel outfit was a miniskirt with splits up both sides and a halter top that struggled to hide her firm 'A' cup breasts. The change in temperature from the plane to walking across the tarmac to the air-conditioned terminal building had left Bethany's nipples trying to drill their way through the halter top.
Bethany hadn't thought of what the manager had said so she just smiled, but Lucas knew exactly what their new manager was talking about.
The hotels that they were assigned to were next to each other and soon after their first welcoming parties where Bethany had sold way more tickets for excursions than Lucas had they re-arranged the welcoming party times so that they could both attend parties at both hotels.
When their manager found out she was at first annoyed with them but when she saw the receipts after they had re-arranged the times, the manager softened her stance and was happy for them to keep the re-arranged times. She also re-arranged the schedule of which Rep went on which excursion so that Bethany did the majority of the ones that were popular with the young guys. The manager had realised that Bethany's apparent lack of modesty and embarrassment could be used to her advantage.
Yes, Bethany's brief but striking outfits went down great with the young men wherever they went. She had so many wardrobe malfunctions that Lucas suggested that she got naked before they started. Although this appealed to Bethany she thought that she would get more aroused knowing that her voyeurs were thinking that it was all an accident.
One of the excursions was a walking bar crawl and Bethany always seemed to have a group of young men around her waiting for her next wardrobe malfunction, Lucas often just standing back and watching Bethany have her fun.
There were 3 bars that they went to on every crawl that ran wet T-shirt competitions and the first one that they went into on the first crawl, Bethany got persuaded to enter the competition by all the guys that were on the crawl with her. Nervously she entered but soon got into the spirit of it and quickly tore off the T-shirt revealing to those people in the bar who hadn't already seen one or more of her wardrobe malfunction, that she wore no underwear. Bethany ended her dance on her very spread knees. As she was one of the first to get her T-shirt wet she sort of set a bench-mark for the other girls and the bar owner later told her she was good for his business and asked her to enter every wet T-shirt competition that he held.
Bethany did enter lots of wet T-shirt competitions in all the 3 bars that held them and she often won them, adding to the money that Lucas and her had to spend on their days off. Bethany had the knack of making the holidaymakers believe that it was them who had persuaded her to enter each competition. If only they knew.
The other excursion that Bethany and Lucas really enjoyed was the Beach Parties, lots of young people on a nearly deserted beach eating, drinking and playing silly party games. Again, Bethany let the holidaymakers 'persuade' her to join in and she always made a point of wearing clothes that could easily fall off, even with a little help from Lucas or herself.
Their manager went with them on a couple of beach party excursions and afterwards she complimented Bethany about how she managed to drum up the enthusiasm of the holidaymakers, but she didn't actually mention Bethany getting naked.
One of the excursions that Bethany and Lucas weren't really looking forward to was a coach tour of the island's historic features. Not many of the young people in their hotels went on these but the coach collected holidaymakers from other hotels as well.
Bethany wasn't as reluctant to go on these excursions as Lucas was. Okay they were boring after the first time and a lot of the time was spent on the coach, but one of the stopping points was a monument on a hill on the coast. When they climbed the hill the first time they discovered that it was quite windy on the hill and Bethany found it impossible to keep her skirt and top in their intended places. Just about everyone on that excursion discovered that Bethany was knickerless, braless and had no tan lines.
You see, Bethany had worn one of her creations. The top was like a skirt the size of a tube top, an elasticated band above her tits and a 15cm long, flared 'skirt' that covered her tits when she was stood upright, but the thin cotton fabric was prone to go all over the place if a breeze got a hold of it.
The matching skirt was a longer version of the top, only 35cm long and just as flared as the top.
In that outfit the breeze up by the monument would have caused the majority of girls to run back to the safety of the coach but Bethany just carried on, telling the tourists all about the history of the monument whilst some of the tourists, and Lucas, took photographs of the monument and Bethany's public exposure.
The holidaymakers on that excursion may have been from the older range of holidaymakers but Bethany got many comments about being braless and knickerless when they got back on the coach. Of course Bethany pretended to be embarrassed and not having realised that she was so exposed but any eagle-eyed holidaymaker who saw her huge wardrobe malfunctions after that would have seen that her pussy was very wet because of her arousal.
Bethany tried to fix it so that her and Lucas went on all those excursions, and Lucas encouraged her to wear similar outfits.
*****
Bethany and Lucas weren't working 24 hours every day and some of their time was spent around the villa's pool relaxing and sunbathing. Unsurprisingly, Bethany sunbathed naked, much to the delight of any of the other villa residents who happened to be there at the time, and Lucas was 100% sure that if he hadn't been there, some of them would have been trying to get her into their beds.
Sometimes, if they both had full days off. They would hire a motorbike or car and explore the island and the other beaches. Of course Bethany never took a bikini with her and she refused to get her outer clothes wet so whenever they found somewhere to swim Bethany walked into the sea totally naked. Bethany quickly discovered the wonderful feeling of swimming naked and they both discovered the pleasure of fucking in the warm sea.
They discovered a clothing optional beach only a few miles from the resort and they often went there on one of the local buses and spent many hours there, sunbathing, swimming in the sea and making love in the sand dunes, all whilst naked.
When their 10 weeks as a holiday Rep came to an end their manager invited them back the following summer. Both Bethany and Lucas told her that unless their circumstances changed they would love to go back.
*****
For her second year at university Bethany moved into the house with Lucas and the other guys. Bethany quickly asked Zack, Tim and Blake if they could check to see of she could model for their course students again and was very happy when her offer was accepted so they had another year that was much the same as the last semester of their first year.
They also went and worked as Holiday Reps for the same company and at the same resort as the previous year.
*****
Their third year at university was harder for them academically but they still had nearly as much fun, Bethany doing the same modelling jobs. One thing that did change was they started to think more about their lives after university. Bethany's dreams of becoming a top fashion model has long since gone, and instead of wanting to work for a top designer she started to think more of setting up on her own. After long talks with Lucas it was decided that Bethany wanted to open her own shop selling clothing that she had herself made.
Fully realising that it would take years to build-up a list of clientele, the shop would also sell off the self clothing, targeting the 18-30 range of young women who liked 'briefer' outfits.
Around the time of their final examinations they spent time searching for a vacant shop close to the main shopping area of the city. Once they found one Lucas got to work using what he had learnt on his Business Management course to negotiate a deal that would allow them start their business with next to no startup capital.
Meanwhile, Bethany tracked down suppliers of the type of clothing that the shop intended to sell and herself and Lucas negotiated a 'sale or return' deal for them to be supplied with the garments that they wanted to sell.
The shop was basically an empty shell that was much bigger than Bethany had wanted but she got the idea of using the taller racks of clothes to make a moveable partition so that the racks of clothes in the front of the shop wouldn't look way too spread out. This idea also meant that Bethany could use the rear part of the shop as her manufacturing area partially out of sight from the front of the shop. This area would also double as spacious changing area where customers could try-on clothing that they were considering buying and also a fitting area for the bespoke clothing that Bethany was intending to sell.
Using the money that Bethany had earned by her nude modelling, and that from both their summer jobs, they purchased the equipment that they would need and they enlisted the help of their housemates to get the place cleaned up and new signage on the front of the shop. They managed to talk Ashley into doing the art work on the signage and also for flyers that they intended to hand out in pubs and clubs.
The big sign above the shop front read: -
Young Ladies Fashion Emporium
Club Wear, Party Wear and Bespoke clothing
for the more adventurous young lady.
For the flyers Bethany gave Ashley an outline of what she wanted on them but all the housemates were present during the conversation and before Bethany knew it she had agreed to having some images of her in some of her very revealing outfits included on the flyers.
That Sunday morning all 5 of them went to the university's photographic studio with Lucas carrying a bag with some outfits that Bethany and Lucas thought would be suitable, Lucas adding a bra and knickers set that he had bought for her. Neither garment had any fabric in them, just strings and a few hours were spent with Bethany standing in front of that green wall that the studio had for background whilst modelling her creations and the bra and knickers set.
Whilst Tim had been taking dozens of photographs he was remembering Bethany posing for his photography class, and in particular how wet her pussy looked, this memory being prompted by her currently wet looking pussy. When Bethany was posing in the bra and knickers set Tim said,
"Modelling like this really turns you on doesn't it Bethany?"
"That obvious is it Tim?"
Lucas answered for Tim,
"Yes it is darling, your nipps look as big as they ever get and we can see your juices running down the insides of your thighs, and I'll bet that you're tingling so much that it wouldn't take much for you to cum. Do you want to make yourself cum for the camera?"
Bethany didn't answer but her feet spread wide and her right hand went to her pussy and got to work, the shutter in Tim's camera working as fast as it could.
This was the first time that Bethany had deliberately masturbated in front of her housemates (excluding Lucas of course), but Lucas had frequently made her cum whilst she was sat on his lap whilst they all sat watching a movie, and the other guys had watched Lucas and Bethany making love on their bed when Lucas left their door open a few times.
Bethany went at it like a girl who had been on the edge for weeks. The fingers of one hand pistoning in and out of her vagina and the fingers of her other hand torturing her clit. The resultant orgasm being so loud that Lucas wondered if the university's security had heard them.
When Bethany was able she said,
"You'll never know how much I wanted to do that during the modelling sessions."
"Bethany," Tim said, "have you ever considered setting-up your own porn website or becoming a camgirl? You could make a fortune doing that for guys all around the world to watch?"
"Not only that," Lucas added, "you could have a shop website to sell your stock online. You could use the back part of the shop to model everything that you sell. You'd take all the photographs wouldn't you Tim?"
"Sure, I could take photographs of Bethany all day, such a photogenic body, and I could setup a website for you."
"We'll talk about all those suggestions once the shop is open." Bethany replied, "but in principle I like all those ideas.