Sonya smiled as her best friend ate her pussy. "I saw my clit was growing when I was talking to you. It was right in front of your face. I knew eventually this would happen. Marietta replied with a muffled mumble. What Sonya didn't know is that her sweet cum nectar indeed did have an aphrodisiac effect. Marietta always had good oral skills in bed, but Sonya's cum was a taste that she just wanted to get lost in. Having a large clit helped. She used her dick sucking skills to ignite every nerve ending on Sonya's clit.
Sonya was looking out of the open window. She really wanted to go out on the patio. However, her friend was so lost in the moment she didn't want to interrupt. In fact, Marietta was clutching Sonya's hips tighter pushing her face close and closer and deeper and deeper. Sonya could feel Marietta's tongue dive deep and explore her womanhood.
"OHMIGOD!" Sonya moaned loudly. Nothing could prepare her for the pleasure Marietta unleashed on her body. Sonya's hips began to buck in rhythm. Marietta's sucking synced as well. Sonya was face fucking her best friend with the windows wide open for anyone to see.
Marietta finally gained control and released Sonya's hips from their pleasure prison. She looked up while licking Sonya's slit and spoke. "I'll help you live your life naked. I love you."
Sonya's knees buckled as she slowly collapsed on the couch. Her hips bucking uncontrollably as she orgasmed. Now free from Marietta's mouth, Sonya's sweet scent filled the apartment. Her friendship with Marietta has gotten stronger. She's having the most intense physical orgasms of her life. Most importantly, she's genuinely happy to be alive.
Sonya sat legs spread on the couch as her body continued to quake. Marietta had grabbed her phone and started taking more pictures and even got a video of Sonya's clit pulsating. She plugged up her phone to Sonya's computer to transfer the files over. Remembering she posted a picture on 'Reddot', she decided to tell her friend what she had been up to.
"Since I know you are all in on this naked lifestyle now, come over here," said Marietta. Slowly getting up from the cough a very satisfied naked Sonya walked to the computer. "I organized all your pictures and videos from earlier, see?" Sonya's screen filled with pictures of her naked body. "Wow you have been busy!" Sonya said with delight.
"Wait there's more," Marietta replied. She pulled up the 'Reddot' website and logged in. "I put a picture of your ass on the internet. Let's see if anyone left some comments."
Sonya's eyes widened with excitement and her clit began to swell again. Someone else besides Marietta had seen her naked. She couldn't wait to see what picture Marietta chose. When Marietta logged in, there were 10 messages waiting an over 50 comments and over 100 up votes. Sonya's nude pic has only been live for a few hours and was already gaining a lot of attention online. "Wow, I guess I really am as pretty as you say!" Sonya said excitedly reading all the messages and comments.
She would have to come back to the website and play in her pussy later.
Marietta said "See told you had a knockout body! I'm just glad you are finally realizing it. I'll text you the user name and password so you can check later."
Changing the subject Sonya said, "I can't wait to go outside naked." Sonya said this in her sultry lust filled tone. She was staring off into the distance. Empowerment was oozing from her. "I guess I need to go get ready."
"What do you mean by that?" Marietta asked.
"Well, I need to freshen up and put on a little make up. Can't be going naked in public with out moisturized skin and makeup right?"
Marietta has created a beautiful monster.
Sonya was indeed serious about this. Feeling a sense of responsibility, Marietta said "Ok let me also get ready and check to see if everything is clear." Marietta got up and put her clothes on. She didn't want to get dressed but she was not ready to go out in the buff like Sonya was about to do. Instead she chose to put on her clothes without her bra. She even left a few buttons open to show more skin. In fact, her areola were barely covered because so many buttons were not fastened. Satisfied she was decent enough, Marietta went outside to walk around the apartment complex. Unsure of where Sonya wanted to go, she just tried to get a lay of the land and if there were any hiding opportunities for a naked woman. There was still a little bit of daylight outside. Enough to see and just dark enough to have to turn your lights on if you were driving.
Sonya lived on the 4th floor. Her front door exited to an outdoor central area with 4 units on each floor with a stairway in the middle. Marietta felt her braless boobs bounce as she went down the stairs. Her shirt was so open that one of her tits popped out. Because no one was around, she didn't bother to put her boob back in. She was starting to wonder if Sonya's cum had an effect on her somehow. She was fairly nervous sitting naked on the balcony/patio area outside Sonya's apartment. For some reason she was not nervous at all walking around nearly topless in public with one tit out in the open. She knew she could cover up in a enough time if anyone came around. That was her reasoning.
Now on the ground floor, she was facing the parking lot. Reluctantly, she tucked her tit back in but was glad that her shirt still showed so much of her breasts. There was not much activity in the parking lot. She could hear a car in the distance but nothing in the immediate area. She decided to walk to the courtyard. Once in the center, she looked up to Sonya's apartment to see how visible she could be from this distance. To her surprise, Sonya was naked outside on the balcony playing with her pussy again. You had to be looking up and know what you were looking for, but once you noticed, there was no denying that a naked woman was pleasuring herself in plain view.
Sonya waved first with her free hand. Her hips bucked and Marietta could she was cumming again. Marietta decided to take both tits out and wave them back at her shameless friend. Sonya blue a kiss as her hips continued to buck. She lowered herself in a chair to let the orgasm subsided. It was time that Sonya has her first naked night out.
Marietta decided to keep her tits out and walk back up the 4 flights of stairs. The breeze felt great. She was horny after watching her friend. She couldn't wait to see Sonya naked in public. Opening the door, she found Sonya relaxing with her eyes closed spread eagle on the patio. Her sweet scent filled the air, her clit pulsating.
"Nice show you put on!" Marietta said with approval. "I know! I wanted to go outside one more time naked to make sure I wanted to do this. You saw the rest. I just can't stop touching myself. But I don't feel ashamed to stop either. When you saw me, I just wanted to keep going. I think I have a problem, Marie..." Sonya's voice trailed off. "And what problem is that?" Marie replied.
"I might not be able to stop," Sonya said. "What if I get worse? What if I become a total naked masturbation freak?" Sensing cold feet, Marietta replied, "Your life has gotten so much better these past few days. Look how happy you are! So you want to be your old boring self or do you want to be this new totally exciting person to be around? I just walked around outside with my tits out and it was exciting! No one was around. Do this naked thing and enjoy it! Don't worry about other people. Don't let your thoughts get in the way. This is the first time I've seen you live your life. So what if you want to live without clothes?"
There was no denying that Marietta's words had an effect on Sonya. Her clit had rose again and was hard as a rock pulsating again. Sonya had started touching herself again as a sparkle in her eye returned. Openly pleasuring herself again, Sonya stood up slowly jacking her clit.
"You are right Marie. This feels soo good! I don't want to stop. See?" She was indeed openly masturbating naked on the balcony facing her friend once again. "I don't want to stop. This feels right." Her hips quivered. "This makes me so happy. I like playing in my pussy. I like cumming outside. I'm going to try to live without clothes!" Jacking her clit and walking closer to Marietta, she locked lips with her best friend and gave her a big kiss. Sonya furiously jacked her clit cumming once again naked outside.
The two women held their embrace as Sonya's orgasm subsided. "Thank you so much for being there for you Marie. I hope that in some way I can satisfy you here too."
"You already are Sonya," Marie had tears in her eyes. Her best friend was spreading her wings. She's found her calling and she's chosen to keep Marietta in this adventure. Marietta stood out on the balcony with her tits out. Sonya had gone inside to freshen up. She returned to the patio with a small purse. Nothing else. "I'm ready to go out now. I want to see what it's like to go around without clothes."