Note to readers: This is a continuation of the story which began with "Shy Wendy Ch. 01" To best follow the continuity, it is suggested that you begin with Ch. 01 if you have not already done so. Please do not hesitate to leave comments after reading. I would love to hear feedback! Also, please take a few seconds to cast your rating vote at the end. This helps tremendously to know if my story is on the right track.
All characters and names are fictitious. This story is based upon Seniors in High School who have all turned 18 or older. Any sexual situations described have occurred after the characters reached the age of 18. Wendy has a younger sister who will never be involved in any sexual discussion or situations. She is included for background story depth and development only.
--------------------------------
Chapter 2:
Wendy woke up the next morning before her alarm went off. The TV was still on and she realized that she had fallen asleep almost immediately following her orgasm. The memory brought a smile to her face along with a slight blush. The smell of her scent was obvious on the pillow her head was resting on. Wow she thought...that was crazy good!
Wendy was no stranger to occasional masturbation, but she felt like last night had gone to another level. Her imagination had really taken over. Feeling refreshed and relaxed, Wendy rolled out of bed and began her morning routine of getting ready for school.
Standing at the bathroom sink brushing her teeth, Wendy thought back to Mary telling her that she needed to get out and live a little before High School was over. Having been cooped up in the house, and basically a stand-in mother for her entire adolescence usually didn't bother Wendy too much. Her paralyzing shyness made being a "house hermit", as her friend Eric had nicknamed her, quite easy.
The thought of Eric reminded her of his invitation to come over to see him get his new car. Saturday was only two days away, and she needed to catch a few minutes with her mom to ask if she could accept Eric's offer to join him on his 1st drive in his "new" car. Despite the fact that her mom had known Eric for 11 years, Wendy knew she would face resistance.
Eric had been Wendy's closest childhood friend...spending so much time in the house and yard that he was more like a brother to Wendy than a friend. But things changed when Wendy's dad had disappeared. After that, there had no longer been much time for her mom to watch over them. Gradually Eric's playdates trickled off, and eventually came to a stop altogether.
Wendy's new household duties, along with her mom's over protective nature, had kept her from visiting at Eric's house as well. Despite this, they had remained great friends at school, but weren't able to hang out like when they were kids. Wendy really missed those carefree days and the silly games they used to make up to pass the time away.
The sound of a door closing downstairs let Wendy know that her mom had come home from another late shift. Knowing her time was limited, she ran to her room and quickly made her bed and dressed for school. Straightening her pillows, she once again smiled at the memory and scent of the previous night when she had "pillow humped" to such an amazing orgasm.
Bounding down the steps she gave her mom a big hug. "Missed you mom," she said with a smile. "How has work been?" This was the first their paths had crossed in two days.
"Good but tiring," her mom replied. "I hate it that I'm away from you and Julie so much, but you know I need all these jobs to make ends meet," she continued.
Wendy gave her another hug and thanked her for all her sacrifices to keep the family going. "I understand how hard it must be for you mom," she added. "Hey...I have a question to ask..." Here goes nothing she thought to herself.
Her mom looked toward her and said "What's up?"
Wendy bit her lip to suppress a smile at the memory of Mary's joke to that same question the previous day. She realized that she most likely would never hear that phrase the same way again!
"Well," she began..."Eric's having an early graduation get together on Saturday and..."
"Oh my gosh how time flies," her mom interrupted. "It seems like just yesterday when the two of you were under my feet all day long," she added with a smile. "But then your dad,"...and her smile faded as she left the sentence hanging awkwardly.
Wendy knew she had to press on. Julie was awake now and the bus would soon arrive. "Yeah, I sure do miss those carefree days," Wendy began again. "Anyway mom, Eric's dad is helping him get a car of his own...nothing fancy or anything...but a set of wheels to call his own...and Eric invited Mary and I to be a part of his first drive." Wendy had conveniently left out the fact that Mary couldn't go, with the hope that the thought of Mary being along might help with her plea.
Wendy could see the expression on her mom's face change. Her mom quickly interjected, "But I need you here to keep an eye on Julie and take care of the house."
Wendy was expecting this, and had already prepared a response in her mind. "But Mom, Julie is 15 now...even older than I was when I started helping out and watching her while you went to work. She's certainly more than capable of watching herself at this age."
Julie with perfect timing walked in just then. "Exactly," Julie chimed in as she leaned in and gave her mom a kiss on the cheek.
"Are you two ganging up on your tired old Mom this morning?" their Mom asked lightheartedly. In reality, their mom wasn't really that old, at 40, but the stress of recent years was indeed beginning to show with added wrinkles and a scattering of grey mixed in with her natural dark brown hair.
To Wendy's surprise, it was Julie who pressed the issue for her older sister. "Look Mom," Julie began, "I know you'll always see me as your baby...but I AM 15 and a Freshman now. You don't need to keep Wendy tied down at home just to watch me. She's a Senior and she needs to spend some time with her friends. She had to become like an adult way too soon, and I get that. But, I don't want Wendy to ever resent me for holding her back."
A look of sadness crossed their mom's face and she cut in, "I'm so sorry that our lives were changed forever that day when your father went missing. I know it wasn't fair to ask you to grow up so fast," she said as she looked at Wendy. "But I just wanted to keep you both safe. My "Mama Bear" nature took over," she added with a definite hint of guilt in her voice.
Noticing that her mom's eyes were beginning to well up with tears, Wendy stepped closer to give her mom a hug. "It's ok mom," she said soothingly. "You did what was necessary to keep our family going through tough times."
"Look," her mom continued, "There are elements to your dad's disappearance that you were both too young to understand. I won't go into those right now, but just know that your safety has always been my top concern. I couldn't live with myself if something happened to either of you."
Tears were beginning to form in Wendy's eyes now also as she empathized with her mom. "I understand mom," she said softly. "But please...I would really like to be there as a friend for Eric...for old time's sake," she pleaded.
"Let me think about it," her mom said with a sigh and, perhaps, a defeated smile.
Wendy knew this was the best answer she would get for now. She and Julie thanked their mom and, with a quick look at the clock, ran outside just in time to see the bus coming up the street. Both of them with new questions running through their heads about their dad's disappearance seven years ago. What had made their mom so over-protective all these years? Why had she been so reluctant to allow friends to visit?
Mary was waiting as Wendy slid onto the bench seat beside her. "You two are determined to miss the bus one of these days" Mary joked while shaking her head.
Wendy gave a smile and replied, "Yeah, but we were having a chat with my mom about Eric's early graduation thing. Believe it or not, she said she'd think about it!...Oh, and she thinks you're going too," Mary added with a grin and wink.
"Gotcha covered," Mary said with a knowing look. "I guess that explains your good mood this morning...unless you and Oliver Queen hooked up last night?" Mary teased.
Right on cue Wendy turned beet red...."and what if we did?"...she shot back. Mary looked at her friend and smiled. She loved Wendy's quick wit...but was there more to her response than just banter? Hmmm, she thought. "Did you...uh...you know..." she started to say.
Wendy blushed even more if that was possible. "Zip it!" she cut in. "How do you just talk about private things like it's nothing?"
Mary giggled at making her friend uncomfortable. "It's a natural part of life Wen," Mary said. "Nothing to be embarrassed about...especially with me."
"Easy for you to say!" Wendy responded.
"What's easy for you to say?" said Eric, as he took his seat behind them. They had been so engrossed in their conversation that they hadn't noticed that the bus had reached Eric's stop.
Knowing when to back off making her best friend squirm, Mary responded "Oh, Wendy was just telling me that her mom is actually considering letting the "house hermit" come out on Saturday...I said that must mean it's a done deal!"
"Hey now!" Wendy elbowed her friend..."I didn't give you permission to call me a "house hermit Mare"...only my oldest friend gets that privilege," as she nodded toward Eric who had given her that nickname. "Anyway," Wendy continued, "I said yeah, easy for you to say."
They all laughed and when Eric looked out the bus window, Wendy mouthed "Thank you," to Mary for changing the topic. Mary nodded and smiled.
The bus arrived at school and Eric and the girls went their separate ways. Wendy was much more awake in classes today having been more rested overnight. Soon it was time for History, their last class before lunch. She and Mary entered the classroom and took their seats.
Wendy looked up and saw Tony coming in the door. He was kind of a loner from what she knew of him...a little bit nerdish maybe, but not unattractive in her view. Average height at around 5' 10", brown hair and eyes, and not too skinny for her liking. Remembering her thoughts as she had masturbated the night before, her eyes immediately drifted lower. She stared toward his crotch area looking to see any signs of that package under his jeans. She didn't mean for it to happen, but it just did. Feeling embarrassed, she quickly looked over toward Mary...who of course was grinning having seen it all. Wendy's face reddened at being caught by her friend.
Tony had crossed the room and was now sitting down in his seat on the other side of Mary. Wendy couldn't help but watch as he took his seat. Class started, but Wendy was too busy watching Mary and Tony to listen to the teacher. Would there be a repeat of yesterday's events?
After about 10 minutes or so, she noticed how Tony started to let his eyes roam over Mary...just like Mary had noticed yesterday. Wendy again envied the way boys looked at Mary, but she understood. Mary was certainly beautiful. Long straight blonde hair that went half way down her back, a perfect mesmerizing smile, bright blue eyes, and a body with Marilyn Monroe like curves. Tony squirmed a little and Wendy saw him reach into his pocket...was he already adjusting himself?
Mary dropped a pencil off her desk to the opposite side of Tony...the direction facing Mary. As she leaned slooowwwly to pick it up she winked at Wendy who immediately saw Tony's eyes settle on Mary's perfect ass. Living up to a teenage boy's reputation, it wasn't long before Wendy saw the tell-tale bulge appear in his jeans. She felt that tingling sensation in her stomach.
She caught herself and thought "get control of yourself Wendy." But she couldn't keep her eyes from returning to Tony. He had extended his legs under his desk and the tenting was quite visible. Her mind went into overdrive trying to picture what was causing the tenting.
Wendy was entranced as she saw him run his hand quickly over his crotch trying to flatten the bulge. When that didn't work he ended up leaving his hand and arm resting on his lap in an attempt to hide the "problem." She couldn't stop looking. Was she seeing things?...was his hand ever so slowly massaging the bulge? Suddenly she was very aware of the butterflies in her stomach and the dampness and heat between her thighs.
This was all so wrong...how could these thoughts invade her mind during class? She looked away to try to compose herself. She heard Mary give a soft cough and looked back over. Mary smiled and pointed toward Tony in a way that he couldn't see. She winked at Wendy knowingly and made a concealed gripping signal with her hand.
Wendy's eyes looked past Mary and she saw the slow gripping again. There was no doubt that Tony was playing with his hardness as surreptitiously as possible. He glanced at Mary again as he pressed his hand down and ever so slightly slid it lower down toward his crotch and then back toward his belt buckle. Once more, Wendy was transfixed and couldn't look away.
And then it happened...Wendy subconsciously crossed her legs to create pressure on her aching clit by squeezing her legs together. The motion must have caught Tony's attention as his eyes looked past Mary and suddenly froze onto Wendy's eyes. For a brief moment neither could move or blink. Both of them blushed and finally looked away from each other. Neither dared look back again.
The bell rang and, just like yesterday, Wendy noticed Tony was the last one out of the room. In the hallway, Mary was grinning at Wendy and whispered "Did you enjoy the show?"
"You're such a tease Mare!" Wendy whispered back. As she spoke, she spied Tony out of the corner of her eye ducking into the boys room. The thought of him possibly jerking off in the bathroom once again made her aware of her own aching feeling. This was crazy. Her hormones had never been this bad before.
"You go ahead to lunch Mare...I'll catch up. I need use the restroom." With that said, Wendy crossed the hall and entered the girls room, which was adjacent to the boys room. Would she be able to hear anything through the block wall? Her imagination and curiosity were both off the charts. Happily, she found herself alone in the restroom.
Wendy chose a stall and slid down her baggy jeans (which did nothing to attract looks) and panties. Her pussy was aching to be touched. Was Tony having the same issue with his cock? Her mind pictured his hand stroking that hard cock just behind the wall. What did it look like? Wendy sat down and leaned back...she let her right hand slide downward over her mound. She knew she would have to be quick. Her middle finger found her clit and she started into a quick, well practiced, rhythm.
This was insane she thought to herself. Never in her wildest dreams could she have imagined herself masturbating in the high school bathroom. She closed her eyes and again pictured the way Tony had touched himself in class, and then imagined once more Tony possibly stroking himself off through the wall directly behind her. Was she dreaming or did she hear a muffled groan? Her finger was racing now over her clit. Her pussy was on fire. She could feel her release approaching...her climax came fast and hard. She bit her lip and tried to hold in any sounds. Her body shook and a soft whimper escaped, despite her best efforts to stay quiet. She heard a toilet flush through the wall behind her. After recovering her senses, Wendy quickly pulled up her pants and, after washing her hands, she exited the girls room.
Looking down the hallway, she saw Tony entering the cafeteria. Rather than awkwardly get in line behind him for food, she headed straight for the table where she found Mary and Eric already eating.
"Are you ok Wen?...you look a little flushed," Eric said.
"Yeah," Wendy replied quickly. "I was feeling a little bit lightheaded, but I think it's passed. I'm going to skip eating lunch just in case."
Mary eyed her best friend suspiciously but said nothing. She recognized that flushed look from her own experience. Thankfully the rest of the day was uneventful. Wendy caught the bus home while Eric and Mary stayed at school for their respective football and band practices.
Wendy and her sister walked in their house to find that their mom had already left for yet another shift. A note on the table informed them that she had carefully thought things over and would allow Julie to stay by herself on Saturday while Wendy went over to Eric's to see his car. She added that she knew she had to accept that they were growing up, regardless of how much she wanted time to stand still.
Julie was the first to read the note and she gave out a whoop. "Oh my gosh Wen...can you believe it?"
"Not really," Wendy replied with a wide smile..."but I'm not going to question it!" She immediately texted Eric the good news even though she knew he was at football practice and wouldn't reply.
Wendy made a frozen pizza for their dinner. Afterwards they sat down to do their homework. Julie looked up and said quietly, "Hey Wen...do you think we should try to get Mom to talk to us about Dad's disappearance? I mean, we are old enough now and it's had such an affect on our lives. I think we deserve some more explanation about what she said this morning".
Wendy nodded and said "Let's try to find right time...I feel like Mom has a lot of unhealed wounds and it might be rough on her."
Julie nodded in agreement and said, "Wen...I probably don't say this enough, but thanks for being like a second mom to me, along with being an amazing big sister. I know it couldn't have been easy on you either."
Wendy smiled and gave her sister a big hug. "I wouldn't trade my little sis for anything in the world!"
They returned to their homework and once they had finished, they turned on the TV. It was nearing 9pm when Wendy's cell phone buzzed. She saw the call was from Mary. She turned and told Julie she was going to chat with Mary in her bedroom. Wendy answered while closing her door behind her.
"Hey Mare...good timing...just finished my homework and was watching a little TV. How was band?"
"Same as usual," came Mary's reply. She was always sad that Wendy hadn't been able to go out for band with her. "You feeling ok Wen? You had us a little worried at lunch."
Wendy knew this question was coming, which is why she went to her bedroom to answer the phone. But geez...Mary wasted no time going there! She already knew that Mary wasn't buying her story to Eric.
"You know I trust you with my life, and we have no secrets between us...right?" said Wendy quietly as the heat began to rise in her cheeks.
"Absolutely," responded her best friend.
With a deep breath and girlish excitement she opened up to the only person she wasn't completely shy around. "This is so embarrassing to talk about Mare! I was just so turned on by seeing what you did to Tony during class, and watching him try to play with his hard-on without being seen. I was squirming in my seat...and then...I can't believe I'm saying this, but he caught me staring at him! Our eyes were frozen together just before the bell."
"WHAT!!!" exclaimed Mary.
Wendy was on a roll and didn't dare stop talking... "His hand was rubbing up and down and I was squeezing my legs together to...ya know,"...she said sheepishly. "When we got to the hallway, I was aching for release...I HAD to get myself off!
"OH. MY. GOD. WEN!" Mary exclaimed on the other end of the line.
Wendy kept going. "I saw Tony heading to the boys room too. I'm almost positive he was jerking off on the other side of the dividing wall. I could swear I heard a groan and then a toilet flushing!" She paused at the memory.
Finally, taking advantage of the pause, Mary was able to speak. "HOLY SHIT, WEN!!...it turns out that my best friend, who is paralyzed by shyness, is quite the voyeur!!!...and FUUUUCK...you got yourself off in the high school girls room!?!? Wendy Williams, I am in shock here!" Mary said in absolute disbelief.
Little did Wendy know that her confession had gone straight to Mary's pussy. Mary was dripping at the thought that her teasing had caused not only a boy to possibly jerk off at school, but it had also, for certain, led to her best friend getting herself off at school. This was incredibly exciting to her.
As Mary lay in bed talking to Wendy, she had easy access to let her free hand wander. Should she do this while talking to her best friend, she wondered? She had just joked that her best friend was apparently a voyeur, but was she also discovering that she was an exhibitionist? It was just harmless teasing she had told herself, but the excitement it generated inside her was undeniable. She was wet...very wet.
As she dipped her fingers into her pussy, she heard Wendy start to talk again. "Are you still there Mare?"
"Yeah...umm...I'm still here," Mary replied with a slight breathiness to her voice. Did her voice give her away, she wondered?
"Ok," said Wendy, "It was silent there for a minute and I thought the call dropped." Seemingly with no suspicion she continued, "Oh, and in more exciting news, Mom is letting me go to Eric's on Saturday!!!....can you believe it?!"
"That's awesome Wen," Mary replied as she continued secretly fingering herself. "You know, I've always said you should go out with Eric if you ever got past your shyness and you didn't have to constantly stay home."
"Ewww," came Wendy's quick response. "You know he and I are like brothers."
"But you're NOT brothers," Mary responded...and he's probably almost as shy as you are. I've never heard of him dating anyone. He's a little short but not hard to look at, he's a football player..."
"Stop it Mary!...that would just be weird!" came Wendy's forceful response.
"Ok, ok," Mary shot back. She was having difficulty concentrating anyway, and the guilt of secretly rubbing her pussy was overtaking her. "Hey, I should get some sleep Wen...marching band practice kicked my butt today." Mary just wanted the call to be over...she wanted...no SHE NEEDED to cum.
"Me too," came Wendy's reply. "It's been quite a day. I'll see you in the morning." Hmmm, she thought to herself...Mary was suddenly in a hurry to hang up.
"Sounds good!" Mary said almost too quickly. "See you in the morning."
They hung up and Mary quickly reached for a box under her bed. Inside was her prized new possession which she had yet to reveal to Wendy. In fact, she hadn't had a chance to try it out just yet. Mary had recently purchased a Magic Wand at the novelty store in the mall. "The box may have said it was for massaging sore muscles, but everyone knows what its really used for" she thought to herself. Having seen girls using these when she secretly looked online, she was extremely anxious to give it a try.
Mary plugged it in and slid the switch to the first position. A soft buzzing sound began. She couldn't wait to feel it. Gently moving the wand between her thighs, she allowed it to touch her pussy for the first time. The vibrations pulsed through her clit. The feeling was electric. She couldn't stop the moan that escaped from her throat. Mary slid the switch up another notch and the vibrations became even more intense.
She pictured herself teasing Tony. Only in her imagination, it wasn't quite as "innocent" as it had been in class. In her mind she wasn't just arching her back to show hard nipples under her tight shirt. Instead, she was pulling off her shirt and bra....letting her full 38D's, featuring large pink ariolas and very hard nipples, fall out on display. She pictured Tony looking at her, with his hand on the bulge in his jeans...caused by HER teasing...HER power...HER control. Suddenly the thought of Wendy also watching entered her mind. Did she like the thought of her best friend seeing her on display too? Her mind was racing at the thought.
The vibrations from the wand were overpowering. She had never felt anything so good. The orgasm came out of nowhere. Jolts of pleasure like she had never felt before shot through her, and her body convulsed uncontrollably. She held the wand tight against her clit, not wanting the orgasm to ever end. Waves of pleasure continued to flow over her. Finally, the sensations became too much for her to bear. She reluctantly pulled the wand away and collapsed in blissful exhaustion.
"OH MY GOD" she thought to herself..."This could be addicting. I'm going to wear this thing out before long!"
Back at Wendy's house, after hanging up the phone, Wendy was indeed tired. She turned off the lights and laid down. As her head hit the pillow she could still faintly smell her scent lingering from the night before. Her panties had been soaked more than ever before while grinding on the pillows. With a sleepy self smile she made a mental note to put the pillowcases into the wash tomorrow...and another mental note that she wanted to do that again soon.