Old man Harrison looked out the window to see how the young kid he hired to brush out his back lot was doing. Jimmie was a strapping strong young man, fresh out of high school, and so far Harrison was pleased, he worked hard. The day before he had made some excuse and left, didn't come back, but he was back this morning so all was fine.
Then he saw that young girl coming down the street, he had seen her go by many times before as she was growing up. Just a pretty young woman, red hair, freckles, and the last few years she had blossomed from a rather skinny looking girl into a rather well filled out young lady. Marilee, her name was, she was the daughter of that Doctor lady that lived a few blocks over.
Something was different today though. She had on a pretty flowered blouse, and things appeared to be moving in there way more than he had seen before. The slacks she had on might as well have been a coat of paint, her hair was down and brushed, makeup on.
Certainly a pretty thing. Harrison glanced over at Jimmie, he had his shirt off, sweat streaming off his chest and back. He was just standing there watching Marilee approach, the double bitted axe he had been swinging now just hanging from his hand.
The two of them spoke, he noticed Jimmie pulled himself up to his full 5' 10" height and his chest seemed to swell as they talked, both of them smiling. Then Jimmie laid down the axe, used a towel to quickly dry himself and pulled on a shirt.
Down the street they went, Marilee reached out and took Jimmie's hand as they walked.
Old man Harrison sighed. That was probably the end of any work today, but oh well. He was not in any real hurry, and from the looks of that young lady, he couldn't blame Jimmie one bit.
+++
"Mom isn't home, would you like to come over to my house?" Marilee asked Jimmie.
"Sure." They again held hands as they walked along, talking about school and things like that. Jimmie told her how he had plans for engineering school in the Fall, Marilee mentioned she was going to Nursing school in California.
That of course meant they would be a very long ways from each other, she picked up on his reaction, clearly he was already liking the idea of seeing her and they had not even dated yet, not really.
Of course, what happened in her Mother's doctor office was just a procedure, not something that meant anything, not really.
"We will have the whole Summer." She told him with a smile.
+++
Her house was really nice, it was clear that as a Physician, Marilee's Mom made pretty good money. He sat in a high chair at a counter that separated the kitchen area from the dining space. Even their dining table was obviously real wood, not the fake cheap photo wood like the one he and his Mom had at home.
Marilee poured some lemonade from a pitcher in the fridge, and sat down in one of the other high stools.
"I hope we didn't embarrass you when we had to.. you know, at the office?" She asked.
"No, not really." Jimmie fibbed. He had been mortified at first, having to expose himself like that to not only her Mother, but to a girl from his school that he had only dreamed of from afar.
"I hope you feel better." She smiled at him.
"Yes, by this morning I was almost back to normal." He was doing his best to sound confident and unconcerned, but she was talking about his penis and watching her Mother remove a wasp stinger from right on his foreskin.
"That was my first time, you know."
"First time for what?"
"Seeing a guy's.. you know, like that. I mean, I did see Billy's, we were dating and stuff, but not in the office. Mom asked me to come in because she wants me to get used to it, I didn't know until I got in there that it was you."
Jimmie was mildly blushing again now.
"So? In school, how come you never asked me out, or anything?" She asked.
"I .. you were so pretty and I am just..." His voice trailed off.
"You are a very nice looking boy, I liked the way you were today, all sweaty like that. You looked kind of.. hot." Marilee smiled broadly.
"Hot? Me?" That surprised him, but he liked her comment.
"In fact, you still smell a little bit sweaty, it's not bad. But why don't you take off your shirt,. I can give you a quick wash. I have to do things like that already at the clinic." She got up and went into the other room, and was back in a few seconds with some towels and a spray bottle.
"Come on, let's go into the bathroom." She took his hand and pulled him to his feet. Jimmie went meekly as she led him in there.
"Go ahead and sit there, on the side of the tub. It's OK in here, I didn't want to get anything on the carpet in the living room, Mom would have a Cow if I did." She laughed.
Then she reached out and undid the buttons on his shirt, helped him slide that off. Wetting one of the towels, she began to wipe Jimmie's upper body off, lifting each arm and carefully scrubbing him. It felt really nice, and Marilee took a long time doing it.
She stopped and looked at him with an odd expression. Jimmie started to reach for his shirt to put it back on, he stopped him.
"Wait. Why don't you drop your jeans, I can do the rest and I probably should check to make sure you are healing up properly."
"You want me to take off my pants? Here?" Jimmie felt a flash of his usual bashfulness waft over him. Just the idea was already causing him to erect, her hands touching his bare skin like that had added to that already.
"I..I.. I have a...I'm sorry, I can't help that." He stammered.
"That's OK, boys do that, Mom says to just expect it and ignore it, it's normal. Say, you could use the shower if you want to. But then, we would have to clean it, Mom is really fussy about that. Why don't you...?" She reached for his belt.
In seconds, she had that undone, his jeans unfastened and was tugging them down.
"Here, lift your feet, step out of those." She told him while she was slipping off his shoes. He did as she asked, then went to sit down on the edge of the tub.
"Those, too." She told him, pointing at his briefs. Jimmie hesitated, so she reached out and hooked her thumbs on each side, stripped them down.
"Wow, you weren't kidding!" She watched as his erection swung upwards.
"OK, hold still." She began to wash him like she had with his upper body, careful to cover every inch. Then she dropped to her knees, her face inches from his erection. She wrapped her hand around the shaft, her fingertips barely touched.
"Wow, you have a really big one, it's way bigger than Billy's is." She said, just like she told him in the office the day before.
"Is this painful?" She asked, touching his foreskin with one finger where the Wasp had gotten him.
"No, not any more, and the swelling has gone down, too." Marilee looked up at him and laughed. Then she let go and stood up.
Jimmie was standing there, stark naked, Marilee was standing right in front of him, fully dressed. Then she looked him up and down carefully.
"We can do some stuff, if you want to, I mean." She said finally.
"Stuff?" He asked.
"Yeah, like touch and things like that, we just can't.. you know.. do any real sex. I mean, we are both over 18 and all but Mom says I have to wait until I get married."
"OK, Like what kind of stuff?" Jimmie asked her.
"Would you like to see my boobies? They aren't real big but you can touch them too, that feels good."
"Yeah."
Marilee reached up and tripped the buttons on her flowery top, slid it back off her shoulders. She didn't have a bra on, and she stood there, her arms at her sides, like she was waiting.
"Those are so pretty. Can I...?" He asked.
"Uh huh." She nodded. Jimmie brought his hands up, covered each breast. They felt soft and nice. He got so into the sensation that he almost forgot that he was standing there naked. Then Marilee leaned forward, suckled one of his nipples into her mouth. She used her lips, working them back and forth gently, the sensation made his head swim.
"Now do mine, just like that." She told him, so he did the same to her.
"Let's go to my bedroom." She took his hand, led him down the hall and pushed open a door. Closing it behind them, she led him to the bed.
"We can do stuff here, it's easier if we lay down." They lay side by side, finally they were kissing and touching, Jimmie fully nude, Marilee with her slacks still on. It didn't take too long and Jimmie was blasting off, Marilee was ready with a towel. She lifted the towel to her nose and sniffed it, then lay it aside as they went back to petting.
The whole situation was amazing, Jimmie was touching and playing with the very first set of bare breasts he had ever seen in his life, and Marilee had no qualms at all about fondling and stroking him. He was right in the middle of his 3rd climax when he heard a noise.
"Honey? Are you home?" A woman's voice called out.
"Oh, shit!" Marilee jumped up, started for the door. It opened just before she reached it, her Mother looked in and came to a stop, having spotted Jimmie lying naked on the bed.
"Oh! OH! I'm sorry, honey, I didn't know you had company." She quickly closed the door.
"Oh, crap. Now what do we do?" Jimmie asked her. Just then came a knock on the door.
Marilee opened it a crack, her Mother handed her Jimmie's clothes, telling her she found them on the bathroom floor. Grateful for that, Jimmie dressed quickly, Marilee already had her blouse back on.
"What do we do now?" Jimmie whispered to her.
"We go out there and talk to Mom, come on." She grabbed Jimmie's hand and more or less tugged him out into the living room.
Her Mother sat at the counter, sipping a cup of something.
"I didn't realize you kids were home, sorry about interrupting you." She said finally. Jimmie stood there, his face bright red.
"Isn't this the same young man that was in our office yesterday, the one with the bee sting?" She appeared to be doing her level best to keep a straight face.
"Yes, this is Jimmie. He is my new boyfriend." Marilee told her. She didn't seem to be upset in the slightest.
"I see that. Well, I can't really say that I blame you one bit. But remember what I told you, some things need to be saved for the person you marry, honey." She looked Jimmie up and down carefully.
"We didn't..." Jimmie started to say.
"I know, son. Honey, it might even be this young man, I have to admit, he is a fine specimen! It reminds me of when I met your Father, he was fun to learn with." Then she laughed, she couldn't hold that back any more.
"OK, Mom. I had better walk Jimmie back to his job, he is doing Mr. Harrison's yard. "
" Steaks and mashed Potatoes for dinner OK?" Her Mom asked.
"Sure, be back in a few minutes." She took Jimmie's hand and they walked back down the street.
"Are we in trouble?" Jimmie asked her.
"Nope. Mom is a good Doctor, she knows all about stuff like that."
"OK. Kind of embarrassing though."
"I think Mom got a kick out of seeing you like that." She giggled.
"Hey, will I get to see you again?" He asked.
"You had better!" She laughed. She leaned in and kissed him, then turned and went back down the street. She was skipping along, bouncing delightfully, clearly happy.
Old man Harrison was looking out his window and saw that. He grinned to himself as the young man went right back to chopping brush.
Kids. They sure were fun to watch.