The fourth story in this series was about 'how it all began" with my life as a professional dominator of couples. But there was an incident,beforeit all began, that would presage the path that my life would take. At that time I had no idea. I had just turned 18—there was nothing planned or professional about it. But it opened me.
I had left home at 17 with my parent's blessing, and within a year was making enough money selling my paintings and drawings, while contributing to regional newspapers and magazines as all-purpose illustrator. I was barely squeaking by, but I was making it on my own.
My few friends were all artsy types, mostly college boys, and I enjoyed the company of many sweet young women who liked hanging with the art crowd. There was no one about whom I was serious; it was the perfect age to 'play the field.' In many ways I look back and realize that I had never had more fun than I did during those few short years.
My domination instincts were just beginning to dawn at this time. I was always confident in my looks and my body and kept myself in the best physical condition of any of my acquaintances. I never played games with women. I enjoyed mastering them, and if they wanted to play stupid love games I would simply deprive them of my company. For the number of women who were willing to be conquered by a man like me seemed, at the time, to be inexhaustible.
Woman like to talk, and they like to talk about their love-making. It became well-known to an ever-widening circle that I was generously endowed in that organ that gives a woman such satisfaction. Curiosity among them spread far and wide. I never abused a woman, hit them in anger nor forced myself upon them. I attracted the sort of women who could experiment with the joys and the sport of sex but feel safe, even protected, when they were with me. It was a time of healthy, youthful innocence.
It was this curiosity that led to my first nude-beach experience and a hint of my life-to-come.
One woman with whom I had developed a good friendship asked me along to this mythical nearby beach. Her name was Viola. She pronounced it vy-O-lah but allowed me to pronounce it like the musical instrument: vee-O-lah. I told her she was shaped like one. She like that. We had never been intimate, but it was clear that she was ripe for the taking. So I accepted her invitation to the nude beach. It would be just Viola and me. No one else of our peers would accompany us. I had never dabbled in exhibitionism before, but the voyeur instinct had always been strong in me. I was excited about having sex in the presence of others, and I felt that Viola shared my anticipation.
That next Saturday we had breakfast in town and headed out to the lake with sunny skies and it was warm enough that nudity would be welcome. Viola drove her little VW bug. Arriving at the parking area we noted six other cars and a few men and women in bathing suits sitting on nearby picnic tables, talking and passing around a joint. We got out and waved and got friendly waves in return. Viola gathered her purse and a blanket, and we strolled down to the sandy path that took us to the lake.
About Viola. She was of medium height, had yellow hair to her shoulders and a weak tan. She wore white shorts and a yellow shirt with buttons, and sandals. She looked good, with her pretty face and toothy smile. I could make out panty lines under the shorts and I knew she wore a bra. She needed one, and I mean that in the best possible way. I wore jeans and a t-shirt, with bare feet.
The beach area was small—maybe 60 yards of sand. Beyond the sand were rocky shores in each direction, and the lake was surrounded with dense woods. We made our way through the warm sand and noted with a thrill the five couples sitting not very far apart from one another on their blankets and beach towels. Two couples were locked in love. One older man pumping a plump youngster from behind, while a few yards away another trim pair were celebrating the missionary position on their big plaid blanket. Two beach towels about 10 yards apart were occupied by couples who seemed content to just watch while the other two couples... well...coupled!
But my attention was drawn to a young couple sitting in the middle of all the action. They were both nude and sitting with their knees high and ankles crossed. He was thin and bespectacled; she was magnificent. I had to look away.
"How's right here?" Viola chirped.
"Good!" I said. We stood looking at one another. "So... what do we do now?"
We both laughed at our inexperience. Frankly, we were nervous. Viola spread out the blanket in the sand and we sat, fully clothed. I took another wee glance over my shoulder at the black-haired beauty. I think she smiled but they were too far away to be certain. Viola picked up on this.
"Would you like to go and sit with them instead?" she said in a half-fooling voice.
"I'm sorry," I said. "Of course not. I'm very happy right here."
"Should we take our clothes off?" she asked.
I considered. "I suppose we better."
She stood and fumbled at her shirt buttons.
"Do you mind if I do that?" I asked.
She smiled. "I was hoping you would."
I stood up and unbuttoned her shirt and helped her out of it. She was so lovely, her and her little tan.
"Shorts or bra?" I asked.
"You're doing it, right?"
"Yeah..." I smiled. "I'm doin' it.
I turned her around and unclasped her bra, then pulled it free and tossed it by her shirt. She was now facing the couple I was obsessing over, and I imagined (they were too far away to be sure) they both smiled as I massaged her breasts and gently pulled her nipples.
"Oh my God, John! That feels so good... and those people are looking at you fondle me!"
"Does that turn you on?"
"Why don't you see for yourself?" she breathed.
Wow!I thought.What a sexy thing to say!I dropped to my knees and turned her around to face me. I unsnapped her shorts and pulled them down, and she daintily stepped free of them and kicked them aside. Her panties were standard issue white cotton—a fave of males everywhere.
I pressed a wet spot. "Viola, you are wetting your panties."
She shivered and I held her steady by the waist. Then resumed my duties. I slipped her panties down and she kicked these free with a vengeance. She shaved. Completely bald. I kissed her pubis right above her clitoris. Another shiver. I reached around and cupped the cheeks of her bottom. Ah! The feel of womanflesh! So welcome. I spread her butt cheeks to afford a good look to the couple behind us and she gasped.
"O my God! What are you doing!"
"Showing off your holes," I said, chancing that the crudeness would fire her, and it did. She pulled me to my feet, and we kissed, deeply, wet.
She pulled away and smiled. "Your cock is poking me."
"A little odd if not, huh?"
I whipped my t-shirt off and Viola sank to her knees and worked the belt on my jeans with a fury. She then grasped the tops of my jeans and my underwear and yanked down hard, down to my knees, and my half-erect cock sprung free and hit her on the side of her head. She pulled her head back and focused her eyes, then fell back onto the blanket with a little gasp.
"O my God," she whispered. "It's sobig!"
I slipped free of pants and boxers and kicked them aside.
"It's... it's... glorious."
I didn't want to break the spell, but I had to laugh. She just looked up at me and smiled. The she reached under my scrotum and hefted my testicles, weighing them.
"And your balls are...glorious!"
This time she laughed with me. The she leaned forward and kissed the head of my cock.
"It's not even fully erect, is it?" she asked in open-mouthed wonder.
"Nope. Not yet. Laughing seems to defuse the hardness for some reason."
She stood. "That's okay. It's early," she said. "Maybe a swim?"
"How about we take a little walk," I said, nodding toward a new blanket nearby where a thin middle-aged woman lay, legs spread, with her consort's head buried in her honeypot. "You know... see the sights."
She agreed, looped her purse strap over her neck and off we went.
As we approached the slim woman in her oral ecstasy, she greeted us with a big smile, then beckoned us over. We stood near and watched her writhe in rapture as the older bald fellow licked at her with skill and enthusiasm. She looked at my cock. Wouldn't take her eyes from it. She started smacking her lips and bade me come closer. She closed her eyes, lifted her head and put out her tongue. Viola was not okay with this. I smiled at the woman and we moved on.
I desperately wanted to see the black haired beauty up close, but I had a presentiment that this would ruin our day. Viola and I continued our sandy stroll, avoiding that couple, playing the beach voyeurs and very much enjoying this scene.
Another new couple had shown up, setting up very near our blanket. While we were strolling, the young fellow lay flat and his partner, a well-proportioned woman old enough to be his mother sat naked beside him and languidly stroked his cock. We drew near and admired her handiwork. The young man was full of admiration for my sweet Viola, and on an impulse I moved her close to him and ordered her to open her stance so that the young man might gaze upon her pussy while being jerked by his partner. Viola complied with a gasp as I parted her pussy lips and rubbed her voluptuously. Then I turned her about, bent her over and spread her ass cheeks for his inspection, exploring her crack and the wet wonders within. We three enjoyed this for a few minutes and decided to resume our wanderings, but the woman stroking the young man's cock bade us come closer, and I stopped just shy of her hand that was reaching out to me, as she hoped to serve me as she served her young man. She leaned forward and I let the woman play with my cock and balls for a few seconds before Viola tugged me away.
Viola seemed uncomfortable by all this, though she admitted that having her ass on display so vulgarly was terribly exciting. I wondered after her possessive frame of mind. After all, we were at a nude beach! But I didn't want her to feel left out, so we moved on with a smile.
But I could no longer avoid the black beauty. I had to see her up close. I guided Viola in the direction of that couple. Viola must have sensed something, because she stopped me halfway and offered me her lips in a lovely deep kiss that she did not want me to forget. I remember it still. But the sweetness of the kiss turns sour as a memory.
I was completely unprepared for what was about to happen to me and what I did, observed by all on the beach.
As we approached, the couple on the towel stared at us with the same intensity I gazed at the beauty. I held Viola's hand as we approached, and the closer we got the more excited my cock was becoming. At half mast now, at 10 yards from my goal, and ever-engorging as I approached. In a moment, Viola and I stopped within reach of the couple. The perfect woman with the long black curls stared at my cock as it grew. There was electricity in the air. Viola let go of my hand.
Her consort pushed his glasses back onto his nose and mumbled to me, "Excuse me. What are you doing?"
I looked at her companion with a critical eye. He was small. In every way small. His presence was small. His body was small. His penis was small but poking out bravely from his bony loins. I looked at my Beauty.
"I'm admiring your companion," I replied to the male, while eating the woman with my eyes.
"Well... maybe you should move on," the male said.
I could not believe my ears. I pointed at him. "Do not say another word," I ordered. "Do you understand?!"
The male swallowed and nodded assent. I looked and noticed his pecker had grown another inch. I laughed and turned my attention to my Beauty. Her eyes went from mine, back to my cock, which was swelling again. I stepped closer, inches from her face.
"Honey!" The male said. "What are you doing?"
I gave him a sharp look and was thrilled when the Beauty spoke.
"Do what he told you, Jimmy," she said. "Keep quiet."
By now the attention of most of the beachniks was upon us, some from afar and some creeping up to see more.
We all watched my cock grow as I concentrated on the radiant eroticism of the back haired beauty. Soon I was at full mast, and throbbing. I used my muscles to make my cock dance for her, and the growing number of gawkers made little gasps and some crude comments. My breath was coming hard.
Beauty pulled her knees up and spread her legs open to my view. My cock throbbed. The small crowd pressed forward for a better view. The head of my cock was turning purple and in my imagination I was already inside her, pumping at her. She moved her pelvis forward and back in the sand in time to my imaginary penetrations. Everyone on the beach had gathered now and watched as she entered herself with her middle finger and moaned, head forward nearly touching her tongue to my inflamed organ that seemed about to burst.
And it did. Itburst.
Without a touch, a hoarse cry was forced from my body as my angry cock spasmed and sent rope after rope of thick semen onto my Beauty as she fell back, into her hair, onto her breasts and white belly, into her lap, even her feet. We locked eyes and synchronized our breathing, and for a few blissful moments I felt at one with her.
The explosive volley had abated, but there was a string of semen about to fall from my cockhead into the sand. Beauty reached out and let it fall onto her hand. Her clueless partner offered her a small wad of tissue, but instead of accepting it, Beauty looked right into his eyes and licked the semen from her hand. A collective gasp went up from the beachniks as we witnessed this incredibly erotic gesture.
I stood exhausted. I was still panting for breath, more from excitement than exertion, for I had never experienced anything like this. My Beauty was festooned with strings of my hot seed and had a look on her face that spoke of gratitude. She was at peace. I held out my hand to her, she took it and rose up, proudly wearing my semen and we watched as the drops and rivulets slowly ran down her breasts, belly and thighs. I kissed her, lightly, and looked down at her unfortunate consort. He seemed so full of sad humiliation, yet he sported a thin long hardon that seemed quite at odds with his poor mood. He squeezed his dick.
"Do it," I ordered.
"What?" he said. "Do what?"
I pointed at his erect cock. "Here," I said. "I'll make it easier for you." And with that I stood behind my Beauty and lifted up her heavy breasts and massaged them and Beauty moaned, staring into the eyes of her companion, who looked back shamefully. The fellow's hand went to his cock and he pumped, pathetically and desperately until he came. Many in the gathered crowd laughed.
My Beauty turned to face me with a smile. "That was the greatest compliment ever paid to me by a man," she said, her English heavy with an Italian accent. "You're a strong, beautiful man. You spilled your seed by simply looking at me. Without being touched. Thank you for that. Next time, it shall be because I have touched you. And the time after that, it will be because you have burst inside of me."
We kissed again, this time a real kiss, one of the best and most memorable of my entire life.
We walked together down to the lake and bathed there together. It was only when we emerged from the lake that it occurred to me that Viola had abandoned me. (She never spoke to me again. For reasons that are still unclear to me to this day, I felt remarkably un-guilty about it all.) We went back to Beauty's towels and her boy was nowhere to be seen. We had to call a cab to get back to town.
My affair with Beauty was brief and memorable. Why brief? Who knows? It takes more than lust to sustain a relationship. But it was joyful and electric, and it had served its purpose. It pointed me in a direction of dominance, passion and exhibitionism that would soon blossom into a way of life.