This just doesn't happen. How does your favorite teacher decide to performance such a private act in public yet alone in front of her class of college students. What has got into her mind, her psyche to enable her to carry this out in such a public way.
I can only imagine she has always had this fantasy to expose the truth about herself. To let go and be bold and do something beyond adventurous not just for herself but sharing it with others, in particularly the inexperienced
Something so unthinkable and shocking but absolutely beyond simply giving and sharing pleasure to the others
So what am I talking about? Would you perform a sexual act normally confined to your bedroom, your home and with your spouse with the presence of others. Would you really? I bet you won't and don't for that matter.
This story happened many years ago. What I am describing partially happened. But I will dramatise it more, add more to this interesting tale of adventure.
I will finish this fantasy for the teacher concerned. I will write beyond the excitement, the embarrassment, the second thoughts and continue her true intentions and remove her inhibitions and complete the lesson for her.
Our teacher Lisa, is a beautiful brunette. The kind of girl next door look. You know the kind of beauty with a look of hidden sexuality. Something sensual about her. And you wonder what's she is like, in bed. A woman of your imagination that could be rather fun to be with. A woman who would surprise you more than you thought. So Lisa was a lady like that, beautiful, not stunning model beautiful but attractive good looks, oozing sexiness, rather tall, slim and the most sensual pale skin. Beautiful enough not to require make up, her face slightly freckled without make up. Always well dressed in her professional uniform. Her hair tired up but rather than having straight hair, she had light locks of curls. When she smiled, she looked very attractive which complimented her gorgeous eyes. A very nice package indeed, someone who you would easily fantasy about, especially us students. Certainly she was every young man's dream.
Now our Lisa was I think 28 or maybe 29 years of age. She was our Psychology teacher at our college. Her classes were always a little different. Sometimes you did not know was to expect. Her lessons were not just about ABC but more about real communication, social interactions and relationship development through good communication.
This day started like every other. She would announce a scenario and students would then all participate in. Today I honestly would say she was more excited, more nervous than usual. Has she got something new for us to learn. Today the topic was all about witnessing and responding. We were to witness and then respond to what we saw, whether we get involved will be up to each individual. The topic today is "me" she said. "I want everyone to watch me, watch me carefully."
With that Lisa our teacher went to lock the classroom door then stood in front of her desk, in front of the class of students. There was around 20 of us, male and female, and begins running her fingers over her clothing. We didn't think anything too unusual, maybe she was feeling hot. But when she started to undo some buttons we realize something interesting was about happen. Everyone seem to stop breathing, not sound in the room. One thing I did notice today was she was wearing a little more of her favorite perfume. The room filled with the scent of that perfume.
Lisa was undoing her blouse buttons from the front. She look like she was blushing a little, perhaps a little nervous. We had no idea what she was planning. We had no idea it would be getting rather hot in here. My mind was playing sexual fantasizes already. Something hot was happening here and we are about to witness it live. My mind played around and around. I have only seen females naked on the Internet, in magazines, never in the flesh. Is this what's happening? No this is not happening. This type of thing only occurs in the movies? No one, especially our beautiful teacher would be this silly. I am just fantasizing, hoping, wishing. I would love to see more of her. She is only undoing her blouse because its hot but she did say "please watch me carefully." I am watching carefully. Watching her fingers nervously undo all her buttons. Her blouse falls open. I can see her bra. It was a pinkish colour, peach I think. It was a frilly patterned type of bra.. Something is definitely happening here.
I feel a heat between my legs. I feel my crotch rise uncontrollably. I felt a little embarrassed, maybe someone can see me in this state. I cross my legs. Lisa then slowly removes her blouse and let's it fall to the floor. I stare at her face. It was rosy and she appeared focused on Josh one of the other student who is sitting at the front. I can see his face also blushing, his eyes staring intensely directly at Lisa.
Now Lisa was standing there in her bra and skirt. I marvelled at her beautiful fair skin. She had a few odd 'beauty spots' over her upper body. She didn't look like she had large breast. I fantasized about what she looked like. Something very sexual is happening here, as Lisa licks her lips a few too many times. She is now staring at the back of the room, opening and closing her eyes. Her hands are wondering over her bra and lower body, over her skirt. I feel my pants going moist with excitement and anticipation. I can't wait for this to happen whatever it be, will be.
I begin to feel something running up my penis to its tip. It's pre cum. I am feeling rather aroused, turned on immensely. But I can't take my eyes off her beauty, sexiness and watching her desire to show us more. I think again what she looks like underneath. I am rock hard and breathing faster. What is happening here? This is a similar feeling to when I am looking at those magazines but a lot more intense, this is real and happening now, live. No, she will start to talk to us soon and reopen the door. Then ask us for our reactions. Yes that's what did happen in reality. In that occasion I remember we were too embarrassed to ask questions. I think we shall take it much further as I imagined what Lisa is really like.
Lisa then begins to unravel her brunette locks and let her hair hang loose. In an instance she looked different, better, more stunning, more attractive, yes she looked real nice.
She stood there not saying anything and takes a more deeper breath, like she was planning her next move. She starts to unzip her skirt from behind. With the silence in the room you can hear the zip go down. I swallowed hard for a second after holding my breath for a few seconds too long. I feel I am developing a lump in my throat.
Her skirt falls to the floor. Wow, she was stunning. Our teacher has a stunning figure. I have always imagine this to be true. Now here she is standing there in front of us all. She has beautiful long legs. Beautiful pale fair skin. Yes she was more than what I fantasized about. She was wearing matching peach colour panties with the same frilly pattern. They were more skimpy than I imagined she would wear. The colour was slightly darker than her bra. I think they look damp. Moist looking, a bit like my pant.
I am breathing faster, heavier, getting excited, aroused. Never been with a girl before. We are all turned on. I feel more fluid run up to my small head between my legs. I am embarrassed and sweating with excitement. Never really felt this way before and it was beyond my control.
Suddenly I was knocked out of my dream world. The door was opened to the classroom. Two of the female students in the class had left. Too embarrassed to stay and watch more. The guys were all hanging on watching, staring at the teacher, in a trance.
I could look at her forever. She oozed sexuality. She was licking her lips, still staring at Josh. Maybe he's got something we don't have. He's had a girlfriend before until recently. Maybe that's what it is. Her fingers still lightly running around her body, touching herself. She had a look of pleasure on her face. She was blushing all over her body from her face to her legs. She would open and close her eyes every now and then. I think she was savoring the feeling of so many eyes on her, watching her, staring at her every movement, following the lines of her fingers over her skin. Clearly she was enjoying being the centre of attention.
I can see from the corner of my eyes Josh drooling, saliva seems to be dripping from his open mouth. His eyes meeting Lisa's. His face flushed red, his right foot tapping quickly but lightly on the floor. He's nervously waiting like me, waiting, wanting what's next. But can't wait much longer.
I stare back at Lisa, her eyes closed, her hands still wondering, slowly rubbing now her breasts and body. Her breathing I can now hear now. It was rather hot hearing her panting lightly. She was enjoying herself, enjoying the attention. I feel a wave of pleasure coming over me. It was a feeling of lust. Seconds become minutes. My own breathing laboured.
Suddenly I see Lisa staring directly at me. Her diamond eyes beautiful blue green, intensely looking at me as she starts to undo her bra.
Her bra falls to the ground. For a moment I felt I was in love, I was in love with her, my teacher Lisa. I am staring at her beautiful perky breasts and very hard nipples. Her erect nipples are surrounded by large deep red puffy circles. I know now that it's her areolar now enlarged with excitement. Her breast are as I imagined, beautiful. She appears to be excited and nervous. I hear her let out a quiet drawn sound from her lips, as her breathing becomes slow and heavy.
I feel more throbbing down there and again more movement of fluids moving to my swollen head as I watch Lisa start to rub her breasts and play with her nipples. She was rolling them between her fingers. Her face appears distorted, her mouth opening slightly and I can see her tongue inside doing a licking motion. She bits her lower lip in anticipation. She had a look of satisfaction. She licks her fingers and starts to roll her nipples again with her moist fingers. She lets out another sound. I can only describe it as a sound of pleasure. She is starting to moan. A woman moaning is such a turn on.
I watch her and I want her. She is turning me on and everyone else, even the females in the class on, big time. I want this beautiful lady for myself. My mind again goes into heaven as I think about the rest of her body. What is she like? what does she feel like? I want to touch her. I want to touch her skin. I can still smell her perfume in my nostrils. Whatever she is trying to do, it's definitely working.
Suddenly I am again interrupted by a moaning sound coming from her. The sound of a woman moaning is such a turn on.
Lisa is now inserting her hand down her panties. My god I need to watch this. I think this is looking like it's going all the way.
Then she returns her fingers to her mouth, licking them, then runs her hands over her body and breasts. Her eyes remain closed. And she is moaning a bit more. Her breathing heavy and quicker now. Suddenly I hear her groan out, "My god I am so hot now, you need to watch this, I am so turned on, I am so aroused." The room is completely silence, you can hear that pin drop.
Lisa then starts to lie down on the desk. She really is going to do something here. Nothing in this world can stop this now, nothing is going stop us watching this.
As she laid down she begins to open her long legs, spreading those lovely legs and thighs. Lisa uses her hands to hold her legs apart completely. We can now all see the wetness between her legs. We can now see her pubic hairs sticking out from either side of her skimpy panties. Her panties look very damp.
Suddenly a rush of euphoric pleasure takes over me as I stared at the beautiful sight in front of me. My imagination runs wild. Something is happening here. Between my legs I am throbbing and pulsating. I had just cum in my pants. I try to keep a straight face, making no sound. I have cum before in my dreams and when I occasionally masturbated thinking about women. And now we have a woman, our teacher lying there in the most compromising position completely spread eagled. Displaying us her private parts, not every day does your desired teacher do this. I need to savour the moment.
I had to compose myself and refocus on the object of my desire, Lisa. Lisa is now running her fingers over her panties. Her panties looked very moist to a point you can almost see her pubic hairs and pussy lips underneath the shear material. I can hear her start to moan louder. I can now hear her say something. What she was saying has heightened my arousal to another level, "My god yes, oh yes, oh god yes, watch me." she moaned.
In an instant I can feel my penis throbbing, growing hard again. I think she going to play with herself and asking for a reaction from us. No, everyone is so focused on her in complete silence. I want to watch this. I have never seen a woman touch herself. I want to see her reaction, how she does it. Her body is meandering like a snake on the desk. Her hips are moving up and down. Her legs flexing. She looks so stunning. So hot. She is moaning again, "Ohhh yeah, watch me, watch me, Ohhhh." Oh god I just want to eat her!! Suddenly she quietens down and her fingers run down to her panties. Slowly teasing, she pulls her panties to one side exposing her bush and slit. For what seem like minutes everyone was in shock as we see her privates for the first time. She was quite hairy there, not like what I have seen in magazines where all the women are partially shaven there. I looked at her moistness on her pubic hair and my mind starts to fantasize again. What does she smell like?, taste like? What does she look like there, inside?
Finally she stands back up. For moment I thought it was over. That was our lesson for now. For a few seconds I was disappointed. But she still had that look of pleasure on her pretty face.
She stares at Josh again and then slowly takes off her panties. Yes, yes I thought, she is still going to do something here. Oh god yes, my mind still racing, fantasizing about her.
The look of shear lust covered her beautiful face. She smiled. A face that sunk a thousand ships. Smile at me I thought, I hoped. She places her panties on the desk then stood up straight. She is so stunning. Her pubic hair unshaven but neat.
Her body, beautifully fair skinned with the odd freckles and moles. But she was blushing nervously as she stood there stark naked in front of the class.
I wanted to be close to her, to smell her skin, to feel her body heat, to look into those beautiful eyes.
But it was not to be and she points to Josh and quietly ask him to stand up and come closer. Josh stunned at the request, only stood up after a few moments. I think he was having trouble. His pant was moist and he sported a large bulge.
He shuffles forward slowly towards the desk. As he moves, Lisa lies back down on the desk, spreads her legs wide.
We can see the glistening wetness between her legs. I am throbbing hard now. Keep watching I tell myself.
Josh stands there in stunned silence. His jaw dropping and his eyes glazed with lust, staring at Lisa's wet slit and hairiness.
"Oh yeah watch me, watch me, come closer Josh, watch me, watch me carefully, oh yes," she moans. What she does next made me nearly stop my breathing.
She runs her fingers down to her pussy and slowly parts her pubic hairs then slowly and deliberately pulls apart her pussy lips completely open, fully exposing herself to everyone. She starts to moan, "Oh yeah, oh yeah, watch me, Ohhhhh, look at me."
We can all see her insides. I have never seen a woman naked before yet alone this. So I focused on the inside of her vulva. She was very pink, deep pink inside. Her labia looked crusty, light folds, creases, a little chunky looking. It looks like they are covered in a layer of secretions running over her whole vulva, in and around the insides. Did she look dirty, unclean? But she was very moist. Creamy moist. My god, my god I want to touch her. I want to know what she is like. I want to smell her. My mind goes crazy with lust. Between my legs more pre cum spills out of my cock as its throbs and pulsates. My god I want her.
Lisa then pulls up her pubic hairs to expose her clitoris. "Oh yeah, oh yeah," she moans with resignation. At the time I did not know what it was. But it look swollen, red, the centre of the universe. She was very wet up there as well. Moist, glistening in the room light. It was like a button to turn on.
Then she does another unthinkable, another new surprise. Lisa rubs her fingers in circles around her inner labia and brings it to her nose, briefly sniffs her creamy fingers then inserts them into her mouth, tasting herself. She begins to moan again, "Oh god yes, Ohhh, watch me." Then licks her fingers and rubs them on her pussy again. This is so dirty. This is so disgusting. It was nasty, but I am so aroused watching her go about her private business in front of us all. This is all new to us all.
Again more dampness oozes out of my penis head. My cock rock hard again. I try to hold back, not possible I am so hot now.
She then motions Josh to come closer. Moaning as she did. Lust covered her pretty face. "Smell my pussy Josh, tell me you like it, tell me it's turns you on." For a moment Josh stood there like an idiot, then lowers his face to her opened vulva. He inhales her smell, her aroma. He stares closely at her private parts for what seem like a whole minute. Not touching her but taking in deep breathes. All the while Lisa is moaning uncontrollably now, her hips heaving with pleasure. "Ohhh, smell me, smell me Josh" she moans. Josh is now using his hands to hold her thighs wide open while Lisa spreads her pussy open for him. "Do you like it Josh, do you like what you see." Josh is in a trance now. He looks like in shock, not able to respond back. Lisa is moaning uncontrollably now, her hands are now touching her face and body. She is rolling her nipples with her fingers of the other hand. Josh has now taken control. He uses his own hands to further spread the teachers labia. And pulls back her prepuce to fully exposed her swollen clitoris. He is studying her vulva, inspecting her private parts. He is touching her labia, pulling at her pubic hairs, playing with her hairs, then smelling her odor on her pubic hairs, smelling her pussy. He is getting his just dessert, as he tries to control her body moment and enjoying, learning about Lisa.
It was unbelievable, Josh had his face between the teachers legs and she was moaning loudly, talking dirty, telling him to, " Eat me, please eat me, taste me, taste me." Oh my god this is so nasty. Her breathing very heavy, panting with lust, her hands rubbing her breasts, nipples, her lips, her face. Moaning heavily, it sounds like something is going to give.
I hear a sucking sound. Josh is tonguing her out. I can see his tongue licking around her vulva. He alternates between her clitoris and pussy lips, tasting her, sucking up her juices.
He is pleasuring her, her body convulsing, her left leg appears to be flexing, her toes appear to be twitching. She moaning loud. "Oh god I so turned on, eat me, don't stop, oh yessss, ohhhhhh." Suddenly she orgasms, cums, her body thrashes, convulses. Josh sucks up her cum juices. The room fills with her smell. He pulls back a little and watches as her pussy lips twitches involuntarily, as the orgasm washes over her frame. Her face contorted with pleasure. There is nothing more arousing than watching the face of a woman when she orgasms. Her face flushed, her eyes roll back, moaning, her head rolls and is thrown back with pleasure, her body movements.
Josh steps back and I quickly step forward to replace him. I want to experience this. Never been so close to a female before, I wanted to taste her, touch her.
I go straight between her legs. I run my nose over her legs, thighs to smell her skin. I can smell her perfume, it was intoxicating. I touch her skin, I feel her heat. I am so aroused, so turned on. I begin to get a close look at her pussy. I part her pubic hairs freshly soaked and I spread her lips wide. Lisa is still moaning loudly with pleasure. Not a care in the world. "Oh god, oh yeah." I can still see the creaminess of her vulva. I used my fingers to play with her folds, her clitoris, her vagina. I inhale strongly her odor. I can smell a strong fishy smell and the smell of fresh cum juice. Her juices are running down her perineum. I use my finger to wipe it up and insert it into my mouth. Lisa tasted delicious. It was hard to describe the taste. It was definitely salty with a sharp acidic taste of cum juice. I observed her closely like Josh. I feel obsessed with her, being so intimate with her. Enjoying her body. I smell her pubic hairs, enjoyed the aroma. A light smell of urine lingers on her pubic hairs. I alternate between her open vulva and pubic hairs. Suddenly that sensation takes over me again. I felt embarrassed, I had just cum in my pant again. I stop for a few seconds holding my mouth shut, tensing my body until it subsides. I hope she did not notice but her moaning and the closeness to her is arousing me so much.
Before I could do more Lisa sits up and reposition herself on all fours on the desk. She has a beautiful ass. She is so stunning. Beautifully shaped. We can see her brown anus and pussy lips from behind. "Oh yeah, watch me, come closer, smell my ass." She beckons me. I move slowly, my pant wet with my last load. I place my face squarely in front of her ass and I used my hands to pull apart her cheeks. My god again already my hard on is beginning to rise. Oh my god as I looked at my teacher's anus. I can smell her even from here, I can smell her ass. I can't believe this is happening. I can't say what she smelt like, but it was awful but I feel mesmerized by her appearance, her smell. It did not put me off. I take a deep breath inhaling again her odor and it just turned me on. I can literally feel chemicals in my brain start to play with me, awash me with lust, pleasure. Again I feel pre cum slowly moving through me. I take a close look and I can see a light layer of pubic hairs running around her anus. She had a tiny mole near her hole. I breathe in her natural scent. It was making me dizzy with lust. I almost forgotten Lisa was still moaning telling me to, "Smell me, smell me, tell me you like it, oh god yes, smell me."
Then something in me said I should enjoy her more. My tongue started to lick her anus. Along it's crease, it's puffiness, it's moistness, I was now tasting my teacher's anus. Like her odor I can't say what it tasted like, unlike her pussy which tasted like dead salty fish. I stuck a finger in my mouth to lubricate it then ran it around her anus, feeling the texture, the creases, the moisture already there. I lightly pushed it into her anus. Lisa squeals with delight. I wanted see if she was clean. I don't know why. I was lusting for her, enjoying her and learning about her. I pulled my finger out and sniffed it. It was definitely awful and moist. Her odor was strong. She was flinching as I continued running my moist finger around her anus, moaning in pleasure. I sucked my finger clean, hmmm, it wasn't nice.
Suddenly she spins around onto her back and I step away, watching her. I hear moaning loud, talking dirty. "Oh yeah, Ohhhh, watch me, watch me masturbate, watch me, watch me cum."
God I love it when a woman talks dirty, I want to watch her play with herself. To observe how she does it, her reactions.
Lisa wets her fingers then proceeds to quickly finger herself. She is going crazy, her legs wide apart flexing, her hips gyrating up and down. Moaning. I feel myself on the verge again. She pulls out her fingers. They are covered in a layer of cream and she starts to lick her fingers clean. So dirty, so nasty she is. I never would of thought of her doing these things and now she is doing here, for us watch. She is our sexy girl next door, or lovely teacher, not a wanton slut. I can see she can be a lot of fun to be with. I am in love, obsessed with her it seems.
Then she starts rubbing her clitoris, now hanging out of its hood rapidly to a blur. The sound of her doing this is a pleasure to hear. She is moaning rapidly now, panting with lust. "Oh yeah, oh yeah, ohhhhh, watch me, watch me make love to myself, I am cumming!!." Her free hand massaging her face, breasts and body as her face contorts, as her other hand rubs her clitoris.
Her body convulses and her pussy explodes out. A large spray of fresh cum juices hits me. The odor of her juices fills the room again. I cum again in my pant. My pant soaking with sperm. I slowly sit back, my face flushed.
Without warning she sits back up and quickly grabs Josh's hand. She pulls him to the front of the desk, stands next to him on his right. Both of them leaning against the desk.
She starts to rub her hand over his pants, over the large bulge.
I can't believe this, what is it about Josh? I can't believe he hasn't cum yet. Josh looks too overwhelmed, not sure what to do as Lisa took control, after all she is woman with experience.
After a little rub down, she unzips him and pulls off his pants. He looked funny because Lisa is slim and tall and Josh is slightly shorter than her. And she is controlling the situation. His face flushed red, embarrassed, he can't talk.
She runs her fingers over his undies following the lines of his penis. I see him trembling with lust, nervous about what Lisa is about to do to him. She didn't waste time and quickly started to kiss Josh fully on his mouth, while running her hands over his eager tense body. Lisa was enjoying the control, the experience she had over him. She was massaging his face, chest, stomach, whilst kissing his mouth, his neck and licking his nipples through his shirt. She was making passionate love to him, showing us her experience, loosing her inhibitions, teaching us in class. She is moaning, panting, breathing fast. It was extremely arousing to watch. I can hear her saying, " watch me,watch me, watch us, oh yessss." Josh, his face red, unable to contemplate what is happening, stands there and lets Lisa control his final destination.
Suddenly she pulls his undies off at the top, uncovering his penis. It was a similar size to mine. He was soaking with pre cum. She runs her fingers over his shaft and begins to give him a handjob. She is moaning, talking dirty to enhance ours and his pleasure. "Oh yes, are you turned on Josh, do you like the feel of my hands on your penis? I want to turn you on more, more than you ever have, oh yeah, oh yeah, I want to give you a real woman's handjob, I am going masturbate you here now, make you cum, ohhh yeah."
She licks her right hand and starts to pull his foreskin back exposing his head. Then she opens her mouth and drips saliva over his penis head. My god, wow she is so hot, so dirty, using her saliva as lubricate. Wow this is nasty stuff. Then as she curls her hand over his cock to begins to masturbate, twisting her soft hand over his head, he suddenly cums, shooting several shots over his chest. His cum flying everywhere. His face screwed up, not even making a sound. His body trembling nervously as he cums hard before the action begins.
Josh is overwhelmed with pleasure, he just couldn't last. He didn't get a chance to enjoy the handjob about to take place.
But Lisa is an experienced woman, she immediately masturbates him into a blur, even when he has already started cumming. "Oh yeahhhh, oh yeah, doesn't it feel good, you love it, oh yeah." Josh finally is forced to moan and groan, his body shakes, his hips thrusting out to meet her pumping fist. She continues pumping, masturbating him, torturing him. Her hand never stopping. She is kissing him all over as she masturbates relentlessly, turning him on more, making passionate love to him. The sound of her handjob fills the room. She knows how to handle a man, how to arouse a man more. Then suddenly Josh cums again, only a minute later. Lisa has got what she was expecting. A guy can be made to cum quickly in succession. She knew how. Josh has probably never cum so quick in succession. This time only a few smaller shots overed his chest.
But unfortunately the story ends here. I didn't get a chance for her to give me a handjob. I lust and fantasize about her, what I have seen, heard, felt. I enjoyed the most intimate side of her body. I want to spend some time with her, maybe later I hope. But that's another story.