I dated a girl, a very beautiful and sexy girl.
She was a 10! I'd just be another "Suiter" in her search for a mate.
I'd been very successful in biz at a young age, so Lynn "auditioned" me, and I jumped at the chance.
Lynn was seeking Mister Right, and I was seeking the right Femdom relationship.
I dropped hints, and she was clueless. She was vanilla, I was kinky; sexually incompatible. But she was the beauty of a lifetime, so I milked it.
I decided to "play" submissive anyway; perhaps she'd come to enjoy a "Gentleman- submissive".
I booked us a luxury Hotel in Vegas, for a long weekend.
In advance, she modeled various sexy bikinis, and I modeled my speedos.
She thought it a bit odd that a man in his 30's would be wearing tiny speedos.
(Little did she know I wished it was a bikini bottom).
Prepping for the trip, she allowed me to shave her naturally-blond pussy, (which allowed her to wear a skimpy, barely-there thong bikini), which led to a hot love-making session. As I shaved her, I commented, "You are so sexy. Every man who sees you will want to fuck you. They'll stare, right in front of their wives and girlfriends. They won't be able to help themselves."
Her pussy gushed as I shaved. She liked the idea of (anonymous) exhibitionism.
I continued, "You'll be the Queen-tease. All eyes will be on you. Your little thong bikini will announce to the world, "This body, this shaved pussy, is "out-on-the-town."
She'd been laying on her bed, legs spread wide, a towel underneath, as I shaved, commenting on her sexiness. I lotioned her freshly shaved pussy, and kissed, and pursed my lips upon her clit, and she moaned, "Fuck me now!" And I obliged.
She had a Barbie doll body; tiny, TINY body. You could put your hands around her waist. Full, thick, platinum blond hair, AND, a world-class boob job!
The world is full of (lovely) tiny women, with petite features, (which means petite breasts). Add a world-class boob job, and the petite woman becomes an anomaly.
Suddenly her boobs didn't fit with the body; she really did have a Barbie doll body. At home, she was self-conscious, and downplayed her bodacious dimensions. On this trip, where no one knew her, she was excited about getting to showing it off.
As the trip approached, every time I mentioned the upcoming "exhibition", she became excited, "Fuck me now!" On top of the killer body, her pussy was tight, and divine. I never wanted the sex to end, trying not to cum, but finally blowing my load, hard and deep....what a fuck!
(Once, during sex, I mentioned licking her clean after sex. She looked at me as if I was insane. Dang!).
Her pussy developed a bit of stubble, and I had the pleasure of another pre-trip shaving session. I commented, "I'd like my body shaved for this trip."
She was a bit shocked, "Really? Why?"
I replied, "We're on vacation. I'd like to try on the "Metro-sexual" look for the trip."
"OK," she replied, and I got to live out a fantasy, my body was hairless; in public. She'd be in "Exhibition mode" and I'd be in (muted) Sub-sissy mode, and we'd have some fun!
The jet touched down, and while I waited for our bags, she went to the rest room, and out walked the hottest woman I'd ever seen! Come-fuck-me HIGH heels, super short shorts, a TIGHT, thin top, clinging to her tiny waist, and stretched over her HUGE breasts. Her legs seemed a foot longer, she was all legs! Until your eyes travelled up, and then it was ALL TITS! Her nipples were hard and protruding!
What a beauty! No movie star had anything on this girl. She strolled across the concourse, and for a moment, everything stopped. No kidding! She stopped traffic! I knew she'd be a hottie, but this WAY exceeded my expectations. I looked around; men stared with mouths agape. Women stared, then smiled, and poked their men, who struggled to look away, and life, grudgingly, continued.
We took a limo to the hotel. The Driver stared in the mirror the whole time. He asked who we were, assuming we must be rich and famous. We teased him with vague answers, while Lynn, now wearing sun glasses, smoldered.
There was a long line at the check-in, but somehow the Driver put us at a (private) desk, where, in seconds, we were checked in. A Porter handled our bags as we traversed the huge lobby, and again, everything stopped.
All eyes followed this petite beauty with world-class boobs, world class legs...world class everything, as she strolled across the lobby.
They put us in a suite, near the top floor. You had to have a special key to even get on this floor! I tipped the Porter, who gushed, assuring us that he was exclusively at our beck and call, and once again, she said, "FUCK ME NOW!"
"Yes Mistress," I thought to myself, and I "served" her, sensually pealing off her clothes, as she laid on the bed, kissing her body, licking her perfect pussy, then fucking her. A few times, I stopped fucking, and resumed licking, which she liked, moaning, "That's nice!"
As we fucked, I whispered, "Did you like all those eyes on you? All the people gushing about you?"
"Absolutely!" she replied. "I've been wanting to "put-it-on" since I got my boobs, and now's my first chance. I had no idea! Playing the Sexy-Slut!"
I continued to fuck her, slowly, savoring the moment, "You can "own" them all, you know. You can own me."
She asked, "What do you mean? I can't really "own" people."
"You can for a moment. You saw how they gushed over you. They'll swoon at your mere acknowledgement. And just for this trip, if you'd like, you can "own" me too."
She replied, "Elaborate."
"For example," I replied, "At the pool, you can lay on your lounger, and I'll kneel beside you, and apply sun-cream. Slowly and sensually, while everyone watches. I'll get right up to the edge of your pussy, and massage there a little too long, while everyone watches."
She resounded, "FUCK YEAH! Let's do that!"
I replied, "You'll be the ONE! A total tease! A sex-kitten!" And I could hold out no longer, blowing a shuttering orgasm.
The next morning, we had a sumptuous room service breakfast, where we had TWO servers, a male and female, who, in addition to room-service servers, claimed to be "sensual massage specialists", assuring they were our "personal concierges", giving us their cell numbers. I asked Lynn, "You interested in having them "serve" us later? It's you they want to "service", you know."
Lynn smiled, "Only in Vegas."
"Indeed," I thought. I'd been to Vegas plenty, but received nothing close to this type of "Vegas treatment". Apparently the Hotels believe HOT chicks add prestige, and cater to them, (assuming their men can pay the tab...)
After breakfast, we had another nice fuck, and then she took her time getting ready.
It was worth the wait!
Her (pink) bikini was outrageous! The bottom thong disappeared between her cheeks, and re-appeared barely covering her pussy, and "V" cut just at the top of her pussy, giving an enticing glimpse, and confirming, she was shaved. The sheer thong was thin enough to hint at her camel toe, but her dainty pussy lips were hardly anything you'd call a camel toe.
Her bikini top was super thin. When this bikini got wet, it would be fully see-thru, which is what she had in mind. Her areolas and nipples would become a welcome element of the show, as well as her pussy. To top it off, she put on a sheer, see-thru sarong. This garment had no purpose, except to tease.
And tease it did! Her slut high heels clicked across the lobby, drawing all eyes. All eyes stared, and all mouths drooled. There were murmurs of her being someone famous as we strolled past...."I think I've seen her in a movie..."..."Yeah! I've seen that movie!"
When we arrived at our loungers, I laid a towel down for her, as she stood regally, legs slightly spread, hands on hips. I reminded her, "Remember, I'll be your Server-boy. I'll lotion you till everyone here creams their jeans."
Tossing me her sarong, (causing a few gasps), she smiled, "Lets get started."
I folded her sarong and neatly placed it over the back of my lounger. She laid back on her lounger, heels still on, and without a word, I slid down to my knees, at her feet, and slowly unbuckled each high heel. If we hadn't just fucked, I'd have been rock hard. As it was, I still had a bit of a woody, (nicely filling my speedo).
I tucked her heels under her lounger, and started at her feet with lotion.
She was into it, raising her sunglasses and smirking as I massaged her feet.
"I could get into this," she murmured. "This is nice!"
I was dying to say, "Yes Mistress," but it would have spoiled the sublime moment.
"Glad you like," I replied. "I might need some more fucking in pretty short order."
She enthused, "Me too!"
"How about a bit more massaging, then we head back to the room," I suggested.
"Mmmmm," and she nodded.
I managed up her legs, and once I neared her pussy, she said, "That's it. Let's go!"
"Allow me to clean the lotion off your feet," as I reached for a towel, "Your fans will love it," and she smiled approval. I kneeled, toweled her feet, and buckled on her heels.
By the time I had her heels on, I was hard.
I made no attempt to hide my woody, as I draped her sarong over her shoulders.
She carried nothing, while I carried her bag, and all else, and purposely walked a bit behind her.
Unbeknownst to Lynn, I was playing sub-mode, with shaved legs, and a woody in a tiny speedo, traipsing behind my Mistress.
She was into the Exhibition at this point, smiling a bit, as the crowd parted, as she strolled thru the lobby. I caught the eye of a few men and women who smiled knowingly at me.
Once at the room, while fucking our brains out, I asked, "How'd you like strutting thru the lobby, with all eyes on your hot body?"
She groaned, "Fucking HOT! I feel like a movie star, a SLUT movie star."
"Can I cum on your tits?"
"Yeah, Baby," she replied. "Blow that load on Mama's toys!"
As I straddled, stroking towards orgasm, I couldn't help myself, "I'll lick them clean, if you like. I'll still be your Server-boy, even in private."
She smiled, "Only in Vegas! Sure, Server Boy, lick your cum off my tits," and I blew the load of a lifetime! Ropes of cum, covering each nipple.
There was a moment....I could have not done it. She wouldn't have cared, but I lowered, and licked, and she squealed in amusement.
I kept licking, savoring the moment, as she watched me lick up every drop of my cum.
"Nice," she said. "I've never imagined a man licking up his own cum, but I liked it."
I replied, "Next time I'll lick your pussy clean."
She squealed, "It's so kinky!"
I replied, "You're enjoying Exhibition, and I'm into kink. I enjoy them both."
She challenged, "Just how kinky are you?'
I replied, "Just how far are you willing to put it all out there? Show off the goods?"
She paused, "I'm not sure. I definitely want to go further, but I can't say how far."
"Exactly the same with me," I replied. "I'm enjoying being your Server-boy, in front of others. And it fits, with you being a Hottie on display, that you'd have a Server. It conveys that ALL your needs are met."
She nodded, "OK. For this trip, you're my Server boy. Here's my first order, let's head back to the pool, where you'll massage me, and I mean REALLY massage me."
Back at the pool, plenty of women were topless. Not to be outdone, Lynn removed her top, and the crowd went crazy as I massaged lotion onto her breasts....for WAY too long. Again, I'd just cum, but my cock grew in my speedo.
"Server boy, I forgot my sunglasses. Go to the room and get them. And wear only your speedo. All the way."
"Yes Mistress," I replied, and she smiled...."Mistress! I LIKE that. For the rest of this trip, you call me Mistress Lynn. In front of everyone!"
"Yes Mistress," as I walked away. Looking back, Mistress had a very satisfied smile.
Walking thru the lobby, by myself, in a tiny speedo, with a shaved body, was an experience. Some cat-called, while other's made crude remarks, and most just stared, mildly amused.
On my return, two guys were talking with Lynn, and she was soaking it up, "Meet Jeff and Jay!" I smiled and nodded, and handed (Mistress) her shades. Jeff and Jay eased away, and Lynn said, "Nice meeting you!"
Then she looked at me, "Mistress needs more sunscreen. We don't want my girls burned, now do we?"
Grabbing the lotion, I exclaimed, "No we do not!"
She calmly looked at her phone while I kneeled beside her, massaging one side, then going around her lounger, and massaging the other.
Once again, As I massaged near her pussy, she said, "It's time for my Server boy to serve. Let's go."
"Yes Mistress," I replied, and as she strolled, the crowd parted. I relished following behind, her willing Server boy, her sexy sarong flowing.
Entering our room, I said, "How may I serve you Mistress," wishing to continue our roles.
She smiled, "Remove my bikini," still standing.
I removed her top, and slid to my knees, and pulled down her bottom, "I am at your service," then I kissed a high heel, and she squealed!
She laid down, heels still on, and spread, "Kiss my pussy."
For the first time in her life, she directed me, licking her opening, then up her slit to her clit, back and forth, with no end in sight. I licked and she became more animated, and demanding, until finally she approach orgasm, "AHHH, AHHH, AHHH, and came in a shutter. Then she exhaled, eyes closed, and laid back, breathing heavy.
I eased up and snuggled to her, still wearing my speedo, mildly grinding my hard cock on her thigh. She dozed off, and I lay next to her, wishing I could cum. I knew I could wake her, and prompt her into sex, but I wanted to maintain our roles, hoping she'd embrace me as her slave, for real.
I dozed fitfully, and stayed hard. She slept for two hours, and began to stir, "Did you sleep well, Mistress?"
She smiled, "Yes Server boy," as she headed to the bathroom, still wearing her high heels. I stayed in bed, in my speedos, lightly stroking myself, manipulating how I could cum.
As she walked back, in her heels, I commented, "You are unbelievably sexy!"
She replied, "On your back," and straddled my face.
Nothing was said, I licked, and she moved herself upon my mouth as she desired.
After a few minutes, she came, and her acrid juices filled my mouth.
She laid next to me, "No man has ever made me cum orally. It was divine! Now take off your little man-panties and fuck your Mistress."
I exclaimed, "YES MISTRESS!"
Moments later I asked, "May I cum?"
She nodded, with a certain satisfaction that I'd asked for permission to cum.
I mewled as I came, pumping deep into her pussy.
Without a word, I crawled between her legs, and she spread, still wearing her high heels. I merely kissed while she propped pillows behind her. She squeezed, and a thick, white glob emerged, and I licked, as she smiled, looking down at me.
"After this trip, I still want you to lick me clean. It never occurred to me, but now that we've done this, it can never change. Will you agree? Will you lick me clean every time?"
Savoring my servitude, I replied, "Yes Mistress!"