Maggie was bouncing her butt around on the volleyball court in front of me. I was serving, she was at the net. She was unusually frisky and directing hints my way. She turned, smiled, and I served into the net. Until that moment I thought we were just good friends, but something was going on. She was bubbling at the bar after the game when we crowded around a table with our first round of drinks.
I was not surprised when she cornered me, away from the others. She was still frisky, and for some reason I was involved. "Have you heard about The Back Bar?" she asked me with a wicked look.
I looked uncertain. "No, should I?"
She smiled, her eyes sparkling with promise. "I think it could be your thing. It's a new bar near your place. I hear it gets kind of wild."
I was a blank. "Why haven't I heard of it then?" I asked.
Maggie was enjoying leading me into whatever it was. "They don't advertise. All word of mouth."
She knew she had me. "Let's go," I agreed.
*
Maggie told me she would take me the following Friday. Despite my pleas, she would tell me nothing about The Back Bar. Except that it was easy walking distance from my place. And I would have to wait for Friday to find out. At 10pm Maggie turned up at my front door in a short, very red dress. She had insisted I dress all in black. Jacket, shoes, the lot. We set out in the cool night air towards my local, The Wild Duck. Curious, I looked at Maggie, was this it? I had been there plenty of times. But no, she led me past the entrance and down a lane that took us around the back of The Duck, to a nondescript door. As I caught up she shook her butt at with a further big smile. Bare-legged, her dress kicked up to just below the swell of her backside. What had I been missing? Maggie brushed her dress down and knocked twice. A large serious man in a white shirt and black bow-tie opened the door. Maggie winked at him, and he ushered us in.
Once inside, I found we were in a short queue in a brightly lit corridor. A glamorous woman with big black hair resplendent in a leopard print jacket sat at a table at the far end of the corridor guarding a green door as she dealt with a couple who stood as if for inspection in front of her.
"Just wait and Josie will get to you," the doorman told us.
We waited behind two young women who were closely watching what was going on in front of them, between Josie and the couple. The women leaned forward to try to hear what Josie was saying, but I at least couldn't hear anything, not over the music from behind the door. I looked to Maggie who acted like this was all normal to her. So I listened to the two women to see what I could learn. The one wearing a little black dress was far more aware and confident than her friend who was more demure in tight fitting black pants and a black crop top. "Chill," the one in the dress told the other one, "you can still decide once we're in there. That's half the fun."
Maggie watched me trying to learn from the two in front and smiled at the predicament that she had me in. She looked into me, her eyes bright. Like she was always fun, always on the lookout for the next excitement. Which was why we were here. She gripped my hand and squeezed. Then the couple at the front went in through the green door to where the noise was coming from. And we shuffled forward. This time I got to listen to the pair in front of us discuss their terms of entry.
Josie was in no hurry, taking her time to indulge the two young girls. "Your names?" she asked.
"Willow," the confident one answered.
Door smiled. "Very supple, nice," as she noted it and then looked to the meeker one.
"Chanel," she offered, like she was trying to pass a test.
"You're our fifth Chanel tonight."
She was startled. "Really?"
"Joke," Josie smirked. She checked their ages and was happy that they were both twenty years old. The less confident one bubbled up trying to show some confidence. "We have heard rumours about this place but we didn't believe it existed!"
Josie smiled indulgently. "But now you know that it does. So if you want to participate, then entry is free and I give you a black wristband. Which you cannot take off. You are committed. Or you can just watch. In which case it is $20 entry and you get the white band.
Willow quickly made her choice, picking black. "And black for Chanel too," she added. Josie looked at Chanel who nervously nodded, then gave her friend a quick glance. Josie attached the black wristband to Chanel's arm and ensured that it was firm and comfortable. Then she looked Chanel over. "We've got to do something about those pants," she considered.
"What's wrong with them?" Chanel asked.
"They are impeding access."
Chanel looked nervous. "Oh, I thought I could just drop them when I was about to get it."
"No, that's not how this works. You have to be more accessible."
"So?" Chanel looked concerned.
"So you have two options. Either you drop them here and I'll look after them for you and give them back to you at the end of the night. Or..."
"Or?" Chanel grasped for some hope.
The door bitch picked up a thin blade. "Or I create an access way. Now which would you prefer?"
Perhaps the fact of the wristband had emboldened Chanel. "I like the tease. Do the blade thing. But be careful," she pleaded.
I did not have a great view but it seemed that Josie had sliced the back of Chanel's pants, in the centre along the length of her crack. I looked to Maggie for an explanation but she just shrugged, still acting like everything going on in front of us was completely normal and expected.
Chanel perked up. "So now what? We go in and get fucked up the arse by everybody?" That opened my eyes. Maggie grinned at my shocked reaction.
Josie ignored Chanel for the moment as she turned back to Willow who was making for the door to the big room. "Hold on, I haven't finished with you. Raise the skirt." She did. "Those panties need to go too." Willow came back, slipped them off and over her heels, then handed them to Josie who attached a tag to them then hung them on a peg. They were not the only pair there.
Josie then made sure that both the girls were paying attention to her. "I know you're keen. But there are rules, ladies. Please be dignified about this. I suggest that you take a little while to see how the place works. Firstly, the fuckers are wearing black wristbands. They are the men -- and a couple of women too tonight -- who have paid $250 for entry." The girls looked wide-eyed at the door bitch. "For entry," she spelt out. "Of course they have been vetted and they know the limits. If a man -- or a woman -- is not wearing a black wristband they are not a fucker. Or a fuckee. They are a watcher. Security will deal with anyone who tries anything funny."
The two of them nodded. Josie continued. "But if you entice any of the white wristband watchers to go black, there's something in it for you. Now enjoy yourselves!"
Willow opened the green door and they went in. So now it was our turn to be interviewed.
Sitting there looking up at us, Josie introduced herself with a warm smile, no doubt the one she gives to everyone. "I'm Josie. I am going to be a bit intrusive with you. As you can understand, we cannot let just anyone in here."
I thought I better speak up. "I'm Michael," I started. "I had no idea about this place until just now." I looked at my companion. "Maggie thought she would keep it a secret from me, a surprise."
Josie smiled. "Yes, well, you look surprised." I nodded. She continued. "Although you may now have worked out a little..." Josie looked at Maggie with a smirk. "...and you may know a little more. But I'll quickly explain from the beginning in case you had missed something out. This is an anal bar. Well, maybe it's the anal bar, since it's the only one I know of. Tell me if you find another. Anyways, it's just like any other bar except for one thing. Women come here to have anal sex. And men come here and pay to give it to the women. And before you ask, we tried gay but they already have plenty of their own places. So that means we don't do gay any more and they don't freak out the straight men." Maggie punched me in the arm and I looked at her, silently asking why did she do that?
Josie continued. "We allow watchers to pay to come in too. But they are only allowed to watch. However, if you change your mind..."
Maggie butted in "...or have someone change it for you..."
Josie continued "...indeed, then you need to come back out to see me so I can adjust your status and change your wristband. That way you don't upset our security people." She paused. "So the cost. Women who want anal get in for free. Men who want to do it, that's $250. The watchers pay $20."
Maggie nudged me again. "And if he changes his mind?"
Josie tried to look serious. "That's $500 when he comes back out to see me. Less the twenty he's already paid."
Maggie looked at me for a quick second and spoke up. "We're both watchers." She looked to me. I nodded, shrugged my shoulders since she had the cash out and was paying before I could even consider whether I wanted the $250 option.
Josie fitted our white wristbands. She fixed a gaze on Maggie. "If you change your mind, you still have to come back and I'll replace your wristband with a black one. Protocol and consent and all that," she added. And pointed to a finely printed full page of terms and conditions taped onto the wall next to her. "The lawyers version of what I just explained to you, you're welcome to read it." We smiled at the thought, of course not. "Now go and have a good time!" she told us, as she looked past us to the couple who were next in line.
Maggie led the way and opened the green door. She wriggled her bum at me as she led the way, turning to smile at me as she stepped through. I thought about her bottom for a moment but noticed how prominent her white wristband was. We entered the Back Bar.
As one would expect of a dive bar, it took a while for me to adjust to the dim lighting in the room. Maggie stood with me until she too had acclimatised. Things came into focus. All the obvious stuff was there. A service bar ran down the length of one wall, there was a dance floor and a DJ dominating the wall opposite. Between them were tables and chairs. And people. I estimated about 30 to 40 patrons and maybe half a dozen staff in a room which could comfortably hold twice that many. In the gloom it was hard to tell since I was not taking headcount. The DJ was playing electronic instrumental low-key stuff. If I was forced to identify it, I would guess dubstep. But maybe I was wrong, Presumably most were not there to appreciate the tunes. Some of the older clientele were on the dance floor seeming to treat it as just another nightclub. Although I could not see their wristbands from my distance to see whether they had paid $20 for a night out or the $250 for the full experience.
Maggie grabbed my arm to get my attention. "What are you looking at?" she asked.
I looked at her. "What do you think?" I looked around and back to her. "Seen any action?" I asked. "I haven't."
"Maybe people want their privacy?" Maggie suggested.
I looked at her suspiciously. "Then why did we pay our entrance?" I countered. "And why would they come here?"
I looked around again and this time recognised the two women who had entered ahead of us. Both were sipping at drinks as they wandered the room, no doubt assessing the talent. I knew that Willow had nothing on under her short dress, but did every other man know that, especially those with the black wristbands? Is that what they expected? As Chanel passed by me I noticed the split where her pants could be easily pulled wide. However there was no gap, no flesh showing. Since her wristband was clearly visible, I suspected that the men with black, the ones who knew the rules, would expect that. So far the pair had not connected with any of the men. But then they had only just arrived.
Maggie nudged me again. "Did you think of paying to try your luck?" she asked.
I smiled at her. "You know, $250 is cheap for an arse fuck," I suggested.
Maggie played up the tease. She nudged me, grabbed my arm to draw me close. "Which ones would you like to fuck?" she asked.
I looked around and noticed a tall woman with long black hair and an impressive bust, in a short black skirt, raise her hand so that everyone could see that her wristband was black. This must be harder than you think, I wondered and told Maggie. But my attention again settled on Willow and Chanel who now seemed to be in a deep private discussion together about two men who were standing near the dance floor looking back at them. "I wonder why they do it?" I asked.
Maggie gleamed up at me. "It's the forbiddenness of the act. And of doing it in public. And knowing that you have put yourself out there. I'll bet those two are already turned on. Just from the thought of what is to come. What might come." The tall woman in the black dress had attracted a stocky man with a ponytail who ran a hand over her thigh as he introduced himself.
I looked back over at the two women. They seemed to standing in an odd way, like they were straining to seem relaxed. Maggie gave me a nudge then strode over towards them, that short red dress of hers bouncing up so high that I could see the backs of her thighs almost up to her buttocks. But not quite. Reaching Willow and Chanel, Maggie put her arms around both of their shoulders and drew them in close for a private conversation.
I had to ask her when she came back to me a moment later. "They are so up for it," she told me, wide-eyed. "They just haven't settled on who. They both so want it up their bums!" Maggie looked around and the same time as me, she noticed two young guys near the dance floor. They were unashamedly looking at the two women who were pretending not to notice. Playing the game, I guess. Willow waved at Maggie, urging her to come back over. She grabbed me by the sleeve. "Let's," she insisted. So with no alternative I was dragged over to formally meet the two of them.
I don't know, what do you say in a such a situation. 'Pleased to meet you, do you come here to get arse-fucked often?' Instead I asked them "having fun?"
"Not yet," Willow laughed, with a shimmy of anticipation. Chanel smiled a little. Well, there was no secret why they were here. Then Willow saw my white wristband. "The man in black has a white ring," she announced loudly. I smiled trying to be cool about not being able to fuck them up the arse. "Shame about that," she whispered in my ear, "you're kind of my type." And she squeezed my thigh, to press that point.
"Chanel told me it's her first time," Maggie informed me, barging in between the two of us.
I looked at Chanel. "First time here?" I asked.
She shook her head, looking down at the floor. Then realising that she was here to have fun, "first time!" she announced, transformed with wide, hopeful eyes. "You know..." she started to tell me as she slipped past Maggie to rub her leg against mine. I held up my wrist with my identifier to remind her. "You could, you know," she told me. But I shook my head. Although I couldn't say why I turned her down. Was it Maggie? Anyways, nodding her acceptance, Chanel slipped off me. She looked over at the two men by the dance floor who must have sensed the opportunity, as they strode over and were with us in a moment. They held out hands to shake introducing themselves all round as Ridge and Xander. Ridge shook Chanel's hand when it was their turn getting an agreeable smile from her. He then turned her side on and spread the back of her pants and produced a small tube from his pocket. He squeezed the lube on his finger and spread it along her crack. Just as efficiently he unbuttoned his pants lubed his erect cock and slid it into Chanel's arse.
"Are you all right?" he asked as he kissed her on the cheek. She smiled and nodded. So he pushed in a little more.
"Well I guess that's done," Willow laughed referring to the taking of Chanel's anal virginity.
"It feels great," Chanel smiled for all our benefit.
Ridge fucked away like they had known each other for ages or something. "The girl's a natural," he blurted.
Chanel turned to look at his face. "Is that a compliment?" she checked.
Ridge smiled as he pushed deep into her. "You're the best I've ever had," he replied gallantly.
"In that case," Chanel giggled. She wriggled her bum to mess with his rhythm. Ridge gripped her hips to get back on track.
"And how about you?" Xander asked Willow.
"If you don't mind I'd rather be bent over the bar," she told him. She then looked at us. "You don't mind staying here with Chanel, do you? Make sure that nothing happens to her?"
I was about to ask what she thought could happen to her friend who was standing in the middle of the room getting fucked in the arse by a man she had literally only just met, but Willow had already led Xander over to a free spot at the bar for their own pleasure. She gripped the bar, he flipped up her skirt and they too were away.
"So are you all right?" I asked Chanel while Ridge fucked her from behind with me in her eyeline.
"I sure am," she oozed, "but I wouldn't mind you two letting me lean on you so I can bend over and get him in deeper. Is that all right with you?"
I looked to Maggie. "I guess that is what we're here for," she shrugged. We both stepped close so she could grip us and bend over. Maggie being shorter brushed Chanel's hair back from her eyes and as she did they locked eyes and without words, their lips met. With better access, Ridge was deep into his work, Chanel moaning into Maggie's mouth. Maggie stopped for air and Chanel looked to me with her lust clearly building. She switched to kissing me as Ridge buried himself deep in her arse.
This continued on for a while, Chanel kissing Maggie then me, Maggie letting her hands wander over Chanel's body. I decided to remain chaste, my hand behind her neck as she held my side. Then she stopped. And looked back at her lover. "If you don't mind, that's enough for now," she apologised. He nodded and withdrew.
With Maggie and me unavoidably close, Chanel turned to the man as he put his cock back in his pants. "You'll always be my first," she told him with mock seriousness. "I'll never forget you..."
"Ridge," he told her like it was no biggie.
"Ridge," she stated emphatically like she was really never going to forget him. She looked back to us. "Now where's that girlfriend of mine?"
We looked over towards the bar where Willow's skirt was flipped up over her hips baring her from the waist down. And the man who was fucking her the only way allowed in The Back Bar was not Xander.
Chanel shook her head in pretend disgust. "That girl," she exclaimed, "she's always ahead of me."
I had not noticed until then that the bar had filled up. Obviously plenty of people did know about the place. Maggie excused herself, promising to be back soon.
"Look at all these people," Chanel gushed, "who will I fuck next?"
"Do you have any particular requirements?" I asked her.
Chanel again gave me her come-on look. Obviously, she was not put out by that. Instead she grabbed my arm. "There's your friend!"
I looked and saw through the crowd that Maggie was leaning over a table and staring in our direction. There was quite a crowd between us. When she realised that I had seen her, Maggie waved over at me with a smile. She then looked down with a strange smile and said something to one of the women sitting at the table, side on to us who was nursing a drink. The woman said something back to her.
Chanel's eyes widened even further than her usual excited state. "She's getting it too!" she realised.
I had not noticed the man behind her. But I did now. He was thrusting hard into Maggie as she continued her conversation with the woman a the table.
"Well," I said, non-committal.
"Poor you," Chanel consoled. "We could of course, if you wanted to..." she started. I held up my wristband. "Oh, of course," she remembered. "But that can be fixed," she added brightly.
"I'm okay," I tried to assure her. Even if I wasn't certain. The room was full of women with bottoms and black wristbands. I looked over to Maggie who was gritting her teeth. She was thrusting back at the man imbedded in her. Or was I imagining that? Either way, I realised that she was looking back right at me, through the crowd. And her grimace? I lost sight of her as someone walked across between us. When I saw her face again, well, now she was smiling at me.
I don't know how long it continued but eventually Maggie made it back to me. I say 'eventually' because as she wended her way through the tables and the groups, she stopped for a number of brief chats. She was nearly back when Ridge came up and tapped her on the shoulder. He asked her something, it was pretty evident what, and nodding, her eyes as wide as her smile, she pulled that short red dress up under her chin and with an "excuse me" to the group sitting there, she lay back on their table, spread her knees wide for Ridge who of course was ready to give it to her. He had her completely naked below where her dress bunched up under her chin, so he dropped his pants to the floor. I couldn't take my eyes off their performance. Chanel held my hand tightly as we watched Maggie's ordeal.
Maggie came over to me when she finished with Ridge. "Well, I'm glad I decided to do that!" she gasped.
"Poor Michael," Chanel suggested to her.
"Yes," Maggie agreed, "poor Michael." She looked at me, the lust that had driven her to Ridge, still evident on her face. "But I think his thing is he likes to watch."
How true that was even I could not say. I looked around the room while Maggie and Chanel loudly compared their experience of Ridge. Seemingly having the same man up their bottoms a short time apart had bonded them.
I looked around the room, viewing women in various states of undress, some who seemed as demure and fully dressed as Chanel in her black pants to others who trod around without a care in nothing but their footwear.
"Have either of you seen Willow?" I interrupted.
Chanel laughed. "She'll be somewhere trying to convert the white wristbands." And gave my arm another squeeze as if it was only a matter of time. I looked at her sweet face and imagined pressing myself against her cheeks.
But that moment, David Bowie's Modern Love started. Maggie grabbed her new friend. "Come on, we have to dance," she demanded and dragged Chanel to the dance floor.
I stood and watched them dancing like they were at any old dance party, not one where they had already got it and no doubt would again soon be sodomised.
An attractive blonde walked up to me and smiled. I smiled back, and she raised her wrist to show that she was white, like me.
"You're here to watch?" I asked her.
"Yeah, it's not my thing," she responded.
I tried to sound like I was asking for academic purposes only. "Why did you come?"
"Oh, my boyfriend's been nagging me forever. But like I said..."
"And where's he?"
She shrugged. "Fulfilling his fantasy." She noticed my concern. "With my full blessing. Rather them than me." She nodded towards a dark corner near the end of the bar where I could just make out a couple shagging.
"So you're not..." I wondered.
"Converted? No, although I can see now how it can be done. And clearly the girls are getting a lot of pleasure otherwise they wouldn't be doing it. And your girlfriend?" She looked over to the dance floor where Maggie was now flirting with a tall, muscular man who was shaping to raise her dress, just waiting for her consent.
"Just a friend," I assured the stranger, "she dragged me here without telling me what it was, I think to see my reaction."
"Well, here she comes," the blonde noticed. "I think she might want more than a reaction."
Maggie waltzed towards us with her giant eagerly following behind her. "What do you think," she asked me when they arrived, "do you think I should let him?"
I looked at Maggie quizzically. The giant looked careful, unsure whether he had walked into a situation.
"Why should I decide?" I asked, truly perplexed.
The blonde butted in. "Can't you see she wants your opinion?" Yeah, I pondered, does she really want my opinion on who sticks their cock up her bum. Is that how this is supposed to work?
Maggie stared at my new friend. "Who are you?"
She held up her wrist with the white band. "Lindy," she announced, "pleased to meet you."
"You guys sort yourselves out," grumbled the giant who stomped away.
Lindy looked over to the gloom at the end of the bar. "Sorry," she said, "I'll see you round." She looked suddenly preoccupied.
"What's up?" I asked her.
"Oh," she replied nonchalantly, "he wants me to go over and watch up close." She went over to join her husband.
"What was that about?" Maggie demanded as we watched Lindy talk to her husband, introduce herself to his lover, and then position herself for the best viewing.
"Oh," I tried to be as offhand as Lindy about it. "Her husband likes the anal and she won't. Hence the white band."
Maggie realised at once. "So he's getting his rocks off, the dirty bugger. And with his wife there to watch." She shook her head at the perversity.
"Seems like it," I agreed.
We looked around. Maggie took me to the dance floor deciding she liked the song. It was a catchy number with a chorus that went 'Come back, baby, come back' which was obviously appropriate. "Talent's thinning out," Maggie noted as the song segued into Shake Your Booty. "I guess the guys are only good for so many goes," she observed. Maybe it was because none of the remaining men were showing any interest in her, or even, I realised, the other women who were still hanging out.
"How about the girls?" I asked her.
"I could probably manage a few more rounds. But obviously I'm running out of options." At that moment Lindy and her husband, passed us. They had their arms around each other and were smooching as they headed for the exit. "Aww," Maggie smiled watching them pass us with only eyes for each other. Clearly things had worked out for them.
"Time for us to go?" I asked hopefully.
Maggie shook her head. "Let's just wait a little bit longer." A little bit longer stretched to Maggie buying us another round of drinks. But very little action. I looked around for Willow and Chantal, for research purposes of course, but I couldn't see either of them. The numbers were down, I expected to close to about twenty. People who knew each other were keeping to their groups now that circulating would seem to be obvious and awkward. Maggie was taking her time sipping her drink as she studied the available talent without making a move to any of them. "You realise that you're one of the few men here who could give a girl a good time."
I was about to give Maggie a witty reply to that when the green door swung open. And in came Jodie, the woman on the door. The large security guard who had let us in originally followed her but stopped just inside the door as Jodie came right into the room. Clearly they had shut up for the night.
Seeing we were close by and staring at her, Josie came over to Maggie and me. She wore a tight black bodice top under her waist hugging leopard print jacket. And shiny black leather high overknee boots and nothing in between. So she was bare from her chest to her thighs. Her slit and her bottom were on display, not that she seemed to care. No hair there, just a broad soft bottom completely on display as she turned on the spot for our entertainment.
"Were you dressed like that the whole time?" I asked her, happy to enjoy the sight.
"The things you don't notice," Josie laughed. She grabbed my crotch but I held up my wrist with the band. "Oh yeah," she realised. Looking around she measuredly decided that she wanted none of the available men. As she told us while she examined each of them from our location.
Maggie nudged me. "You should feel honoured," she whispered holding me close to her. "Looks like you're the only one she is interested in." I let it slide although, yes, my ego was a little boosted. And yes I was hard. I did for a moment think of asking Josie what the rules were now that she had shut up shop.
But Josie had other plans. She beckoned the doorman over. He wandered towards us, trying to maintain his threatening security demeanour. Josie was not interested in that. She grabbed him by a sleeve and led him to the dance floor where she got down on her hands and knees, her raised bottom aimed in his direction. He knew what he was there for. He unbuttoned his pants and with a few strokes he had his cock nice and hard. He then stepped up to Josie and poked it in. She smiled with satisfaction, clearly she wanted it as bad as the paying customers.
Maggie had not let go of me. "It's almost romantic," she whispered in my ear.
Jodie was moaning loudly as her man got into his stride. The DJ lowered the volume so that we could all hear her. They did not last long, seemingly both cumming at the same time.
"That's probably it," Maggie determined, and we left.
Maggie came back to mine. After all, it was walking distance and there was no reason why she shouldn't spend the night. We didn't say much, each into their own thoughts as we prepared for bed. She got into bed still in her dress. Gallantly, I kept my underwear on. As she spooned into me, I put a hand on her bare thigh.
"What are you doing?" Maggie asked with a start.
"I thought... I want..." I began.
"I don't think so," Maggie stated, quite firmly. I could sense her smiling. "Remember, you didn't pay your money," she chided me reminding me that I still had the wristband on. But she touched my hard cock for a moment. "Oh you poor boy," she said as she let it go. She leant up close to my ear. "But I think you still had a lot of fun," she whispered.