Lakeside living was crazy to say the least. It had been a wild day and I was at home and had just made a sandwich. I was decompressing from what had transpired. It was surreal. The day started off with a bang. As you read in previous chapters, it began with my two hot mature neighbors and I having wild sex. Just after that a call from my wife telling me she was going to camp for a few days. She also shared some sexy photos and asked me to have phone sex with her later in the evening. This was out of character for her, but I wasn't going to complain. She told me her older sister Lexi would be by to grab some things for her. Did I mention that Lexi was smoking hot?
At this point in the day I was sitting on my couch eating a sandwich. I was doing my best to refrain from thinking about Lexi, who I expected to arrive at some point. The visit was to be secret. The intention was clear. We were going to have sex. My cock kept getting hard as I thought about her. Not wanting to seem too eager, I was doing all I could to become less aroused. Hoping my erection would dissipate before her arrival. I put a movie on and sat back, trying not to think about her at all. The distraction seemed to do the trick and my erection subsided.
The sound of a car door closing nearby caught my attention. I quickly made my way to the kitchen window to take a look, expecting to see Lexi. It wasn't her vehicle. A familiar figure exited the driver's side. It was the black man I had met earlier in the day. I didn't even know his name, but I knew plenty. If you have been following this story then you know what I mean. Just a few hours before when I was blindfolded and tied to the neighbors bed I got to know him intimately. My lips were still numb...
As I watched him standing by his car facing towards me, I couldn't help but look at the bulge in his shorts. He was very well endowed. I felt a little dirty and uncomfortable about what I had done. At the moment it was amazing. Now, after the fact it made me feel uneasy and a little embarrassed. He pulled off his shirt and tossed it on the hood of his car before turning around and walking to the neighbors house in just a pair of shorts. I had never been attracted to men, at all, ever. But, for some reason the sight of his fit black naked chest, the bulge in his shorts and the way his ass looked in them as he walked away aroused me.
My cock started to swell again. My mind drifted back to earlier when I felt his throbbing cock in my mouth. How it felt on my lips and in my throat made me tingle. I started to feel like a sissy and it was hot. I imagined how it must feel for a girl to be sexy. To wear sexy things. My heart raced and butterflies formed. I decided that I needed to feel sexy so I headed to the bedroom to try on some of my wife's silky panties.
As soon as I opened the drawer I felt a tingling sensation. I pulled out a pair of lace lined booty shorts first which looked amazing on my wife. My shorts hit the floor and I wrapped the garment around my cock so I could feel them. It was nice, but they were not actually silky. The next pair I grabbed felt very silky. They were smaller, cheeky panties - almost a thong. As soon as the fabric touched my cock it made me crazy. I remembered how much I loved rubbing my dick over them when my wife had them on. I would slide my cock over her pussy lips from behind and nearly cum. It was time for me to try them on. As I pulled them up I could tell they were a little small for me, but the sensation was insane. I had to find a pair that would fit me. I decided that I would go buy some if I had to.
I rummaged through the drawers until I found another pair of booty shorts. This pair was silky and just big enough for me to wear without ripping them. It was a tight fit for sure as they were a few sizes too small, but it did the trick. To me the sexiest panties would ride up the ass crack, which looked hot on a woman. It felt even hotter. The feeling of these silky shorts and ace dges against my ass cheeks aroused me. Although this pair was a bit tight, I was able to comfortably wear them under my shorts. It dawned on me that I had seen sexy panties like these at a nearby store, so I decided that I would head out to purchase a pair in my size.
Before heading out I shot a quick text to Lexi telling her I was headed out to grab a few things at the store. She replied quickly with an "ok." A few moments later another text. "Still cool if I pop over?"
I responded with a YES and smiley face. She texted a heart back then wrote "I can leave in about 30 minutes. I should be there within the hour. If you're not back I will wait for you."
"Sounds good. Can't wait to see you. The door is open." was my reply.
I threw on a t-shirt and sandals and rushed to my car. As I sat down I felt the lace on my ass cheeks which aroused me. I could feel the shorts slide further between my ass cheeks as I headed down the road. I got to the store within a few minutes. I found the panty section and tried to act normal as I searched for the perfect pair. I had no idea what I was doing.
A lady approached me and asked if she could assist me. She was an older, very attractive woman. Today she would be called a milf or cougar. She wore a tight fitting black dress that accentuated her mature body. Large breasts, nice curves. Not a ton of makeup, but she clearly took care in her appearance. I couldn't help myself. I gave her a long look up and down from head to toe. I loved her black eyeliner, red lipstick - and smooth legs.
"So?" she asked. "Can I help you?" She giggled, clearly noticing me noticing her.
"Yes, uh, sorry" I said. "So, this may sound a little weird but my wife asked me to pick up some sexy silky cheeky panties for her older sister who just started dating again. She's about my size. I wear a mens 28" waist and men's XL boxers. Not sure if that makes any sense."
The lady smiled and told me to follow her to another aisle. She pointed to a rack that had exactly what I was looking for.
"So any particular color?" she asks.
"She likes black," I said. "And, my wife told me to pick something that I would like. I think these look sexy" pointing at a pair of cheeky white panties. "Maybe in black if you have them. I do like the white. Something about white panties." I giggled.
The lady giggled and pulled out a few different styles and sizes for me to select from.
"I would recommend getting a few different styles and sizes. She can keep the ones that fit and look nice, then return the others."
"Sounds like a plan," I say.
Seeing all these sexy panties gave me an idea. Maybe I could grab a few pairs for Lexi.
"Since I'm here," I say. "Maybe I should grab a few for my wife. She wears a womens small in regular underwear."
The lady pulls out two pairs (they happened to be similar to what I was wearing.)
"Good. And," I say. "Any chance you could suggest something? I trust your judgement. You look like a woman who knows sexy lingerie."
She nodded her head, smiled and guided me to another rack.
"I know she likes black," she says. "But it's not uncommon for young women to wear bold colored thongs. Red and hot pink are very popular."
"Okay," I say. "I trust your judgement."
"Besides," she says. "It's arousing for a woman to get noticed. Especially the forbidden fruit. You know, married, not single. Having her panties 'accidentally' exposed can be a real turn on for some. Hence the bright colors."
I almost didn't notice that the sales lady had managed to slide her black dress up enough to give me a peek at her panties. She had pushed herself back against the wall between some hanging outfits with her knees bent. I couldn't take my eyes off her crotch. I felt my cock swell which created an obvious pop tent in my shorts.
"Hmmmm," she moaned as her eyes landed on my bulge. "Oops."
She "accidentally" dropped a hanger to the floor and squatted down giving me a full upskirt view. Red panties. Puffy pussy lips. She giggled and spread her legs wider allowing the dress to slide up to her hips. She landed on her ass in front of me. I now had a great view of her red panties.
Her puffy pussy lips were strained against her sexy panties. I could clearly see the outline of her vagina and noticed a dark spot begin to form. Her pussy was getting wet.
She reached up with one hand and gave me a sexy look. "Can you help me up?"
When I pulled her up she moved close to me. I felt her hot pussy on my leg. She pulled her dress back down and looked around as she held me close. I felt her hand slide down my back to my ass. Her other hand was on my chest, she looked me in the eyes and caressed my butt cheeks, Her other hand slid down over my belly to my crotch. I felt her hand slide over my swollen cock as she whispered into my ear.
"Damn I wish I wasn't working right now," she says. "The things I would do with you."
Feeling her grind against me made me wild. "I'd love to learn," I say. "especially from a sexy beautiful woman like you. I'm thinking I could learn a few things."
"Yes," she said, pushing away and fixing her skirt. "Let me give you my card. Please call me sometime."
She handed me her card.
"Please," she said. "Call me."
As I walked away I noticed a smoking hot young mom pushing a toddler in a shopping cart. She was wearing a tiny jean skirt and stood a few feet away. She giggled, apparently having overheard the conversation. Not sure how much she saw, but I didn't care. We made eye contact and she smiled. She then turned and bent down, grabbing an item from the bottom shelf. As she did this I could see the top of her pink panties rise up over the waistband of her skirt. She bent over so far that her short skirt lifted up enough to expose the mound of her pussy to me. She positioned herself so I could get a nice view. She stayed bent over longer than she needed to. Teasing me
"Damn," I said without realizing it.
I heard hot mom giggle as she wiggled her ass in front of me.
"Thank you." I say. "You are one hot mom."
She stood up, turned to look at me and smiled. She held the bottom of her skirt and looked around to make sure no one was in her line of sight except me. She lifted her skirt up giving me an even better view of her puffy pussy covered by hot pink panties then walked closer to me. As she approached me I watched her lift her skirt higher. Above her waist. Exposing her hot puffy pusy wrapped in these amazing silk panites.
She pulled her skirt down and adjusted herself.
"Help me try these on?" she asked, pulling a few outfits from her cart.
She pulls me into a dressing room and locks the door.
"You have no idea how much I would like to, but I have to get home. My wife pretty much gave me a hall pass this weekend," I said. "And I just can't do this."
"Well then," she said. "This shouldn't be an issue, right? Not sure I understand. Do you find me attractive? Are you gay?"
"You are incredibly attractive," I said. "I'm definately not gay. Maybe bisexual. But that's not why I have to jet."
"Well your honesty about being bisexual turns me on," she says. "I wish my boyfriend was as confident as you with his sexuality. I know he has those thoughts and fantasies. He is just too insecure to share them with me. So, you're not gay and I turn you on, so why do you have to rush away?"
"Hot sister-in-law," I said. "She is on her way to my house right now and as I mentioned. My wife gave me a hall pass. I think she has actually set this up. I think her and her sister have conspired. No, I know they have. I would explain but I really gotta head home so I can maybe empty myself into her. A huge fantasy of mine.."
"I get it," she said as she grabbed my phone. "I'm entering my contact info. Just in case. Feel free to contact me any time. Good luck with your sister-in-law. That sounds kinky as hell. I will be thinking about you."
"Thank you," I say. "Gotta run."
"Here," she says holding out her hand. She was holding 4 blue pills. "Take one of these now, then again later if you need it."
"Are those Viagra?" I asked.
She smiles. "Yes, trust me. You will thank me later. And she will too. Save two of them for another day. Like maybe when and if you want to give me a call. You only need one for the night."
I take one of the pills, then cash out and rush back to the house. When I get there I am relieved that Lexi isn't there yet. This gives me time to try on the new panties.
They feel amazing, but I don't want to get caught so I hide them and put my shorts back on. I decided not to wear any boxer briefs under the shorts. I throw on a t-shirt then decide to remove it. I want to arouse Lexi as best I can when she arrives. I head to the kitchen and mix a drink while I wait.
A few minutes later I hear a car pull in. I look out to see. It's her! She looks amazing. Her blonde hair is glowing. She is wearing makeup, which is unlike her. It looks good from afar. She has on a pair of tight white jean shorts and a firm fitting top. The shorts accentuate her amazing ass, Her top shows off her nice large breasts. As she walks to the door her boobs bounce nicely. I notice her nipples poking through. I don't think she is wearing a bra.
I greet her at the door. We both seem a bit nervous and it's a little awkward at first. She looks to the floor while entering. I gently place my hand on her chin and lift her head so we can look each other in the eyes.
"Wow, Lexi," I say. "You look beautiful. I mean, you are beautiful."
"Thanks," she said with a smile. "It's not too much is it? I mean the makeup. I don't do makeup all that often."
"It's not too much," I said. "You look amazing. Perfect."
"Well, I remember you saying once how you liked dark eyeliner and red lipstick, so I went with it." she said.
"I love it," I replied. "Very sexy."
She smiled and pulled a bag from her shoulder. "Hope you don't mind, but I brought a few things just in case. Well. if it gets late maybe I can crash here?"
"Fine by me," I say. "Why don't we have a drink?"
After having our first drink the mood lightened a bit and both of us seemed to be more comfortable. We chatted a bit then made our way to the deck. As I followed her out I could not help but stare at her ass. It looked so hot in those tight white shorts. I admired her athletic legs. She was tanned and clean shaven. I stood at the door in awe. She stood at the rail looking over the lake. The viagra kicked in and my cock was super hard. She pulled something from her pocket and turned to me. I couldn't be sure what it was. It was a small, black, lace garment with a shiny silver ornament hanging from it.
She walked to me.
"Can you put this choker on my neck?" she asked, placing it my hand gently then turning around. "I've always wanted to wear this thing."
After placing the choker around her neck I turned her to face me. I stepped back to get a view. There she was. My wife's hot sister. Blonde hair, blue eyes, black eyeliner, red lipstick, wearing a tight white top, tight jean shorts and a choker. My cock was so hard.
"Well, she says,"how does it look?"
"Amazing," I say.
She turns away and walks back to the edge of the deck.
I walked up behind her and placed my hands on her waist. She pushed back against me and turned her head with a smile. I pulled her closer so I could feel her hot ass against me. I leaned in and our faces touched at the cheek. As I slid my hands gently up her sides our lips touched and we started to kiss. My hands reached her breasts and I gently caressed them. My cock swelled even more as it pressed against her hot ass. She pushed herself back, grinded against me and positioned herself so my cock landed between her ass cheeks.
I felt her hot hands on mine. She guided one of my hands to her neck, the other between her legs. She encouraged me to tighten my grip on her neck, almost choking her. I felt her pussy getting hotter and she began to moan. She reached back and started rubbing my cock over my shorts. I felt one of her hands slide under my waistband, then her fingers wrapping around my swollen cock. She started stroking me gently as I rubbed her pussy over her jean shorts and tightened my grip on her throat.
With my hand between her legs I felt the hot skin of her inner thigh on my pinky and index finger. My two middle fingers slid between her puffy pussy lips over her mound. My hand fit perfectly over her vagina. My thumb landed on her clit. Her shorts were so tiny that I could feel the sides of her pussy lips. I slid her shorts to the side and rubbed my fingers over her bare pussy. I slid two fingers inside of her making her tremble.
She turned to face me and we kissed passionately. I placed my hands on her ass and pulled her close. My fingers slid under her tiny shorts so I could feel her bare skin. I slid my fingers between her legs from behind until I reached her hot pussy. I massaged her lips then caressed her ass as we embraced. I slid my hands to her waist, just under her shirt. I slowly lifted her shirt up over her head exposing her milky white breasts. No bra.
I caressed her sides and belly softly as my lips moved to her cheek, then neck. I placed my hands on her breasts as my lips moved down her chest to one of her nipples. I flicked it with my tongue and bit gently, getting it harder than ever. I moved to her other nipple and did the same thing then slid down her abdomen kissing her hot soft body the whole way. I teased her belly button with my tongue as my hands moved to her shorts.
Now on my knees I unbuttoned her shorts and pulled the zipper down. I grabbed the waistband and pulled her shorts down to her ankles. In front of me was a beautiful clean shaven pussy. I leaned in and kissed her clit then slid my tongue between her bare puffy hot pussy lips. She tasted so good. Her pussy was so clean and fresh.
"I shaved it just for you," she said. "It's all yours."
"I love it," I said. "let's go inside so we can play."
I guided her to the living room and sat her on the couch. I got on my knees between her legs and placed my hands on her inner thighs. I leaned in to kiss her clit, then licked her pussy lips. I reached up and grabbed her hands. I guided them down between her legs and placed her hands on either side of her vagina. I then spread her legs wide and held them in the air by her ankles.
"Play with that pussy for me baby," I said. "I want to watch you masturbate."
She moaned and began playing with her pussy. She rubbed her clit, then slid two fingers into her pussy. I watched as she satisfied herself for a while until she was about to have an orgasm. I stepped in and stopped her.
"Spread those pussy lips for me, love" I said. "I need to taste you again."
She held her pussy lips wide for me. I wrapped my lips around her clit first, licking it with my tongue as I fingered her hot pussy. I placed my mouth between her lips and stuck my tongue inside her vagina. I sucked and licked her pussy with passion until I felt her body shake. She put her hands on my head as she climaxed, holding my mouth on her hot pussy. I slid two fingers into her ass. Juices flowed from her pussy and it covered my face. It was hot and salty and a little sweet. She tasted so good.
Her body went limp and she was breathing heavy.
"Oh my God," she said. "That was amazing. My body is still shaking. I feel like I am still having an orgasm. Holy shit."
I stood up and stared at her. She looked so sexy. Naked, sweaty, hair a mess still quivering. I lifted her up from the couch and noticed my naughter hot milf neighbor watching us from her deck. I smiled then walked her upstairs to my bedroom with Lexi.
I turned on the lights so my neighbor could keep watching.
"You are so fucking beautiful," I said. "And, you taste so fucking good. Fuck."
I moved her to the window facing me and we kissed. I looked down to see my neighbor still watching us. I turned Lexi to face the window giving our voyeur a good look at her sexy body. I stood behind her and caressed every inch.
"I think we have some fans," I say to her. "Take a look over there."
Lexi notices my hot neighbor on her deck watching us. The neighbor smiles and pulls her sundress over her head. Lexi backs up in a bit of shock. Embarrassed at first she blushes. The neighbor begins caressing her own hot body, pinching her own nipples then sliding fingers over her own pussy. Lexi is in a bit of shock, but continues to watch.
"Make love to me," she said. "I want you to make love to me. Right now."
We embraced with a passionate kiss. Our bodies pressed against each other. My cock was fully erect. Lexi spread her legs and wrapped her hand around my shaft. She guided my cock between her legs and rubbed my cockhead over her clit and between her pussy lips. I pushed her against the wall and lifted one of her legs allowing me to slide my cock into her hot wet vagina. She wrapped her arms around me and moaned as my cock slid deep inside of her. I slowly thrusted my cock in and out of her tight pussy enjoying every moment.
She got wetter and her pussy muscles loosened up. My cock stiffened and the head swelled. I was able to drive my cock deeper into her making her even wetter. Once my swollen dick was completely inside of her I could feel a spot. As the tip of my cock pushed on it I felt her body quiver. I pushed harder and deeper with more force. I felt something give inside her. It felt as if I tore her pussy. She screamed. Her entire body tensed up.
"Oh shit," she yelled. "Oh wow."
Her grip on me tightened and she began to drive her pelvis against mine, allowing my cock to penetrate her tight pussy even further. With each thrust I could feel her pussy loosen up. Every time the tip of my dick hit that spot she shook and cried out with pleasure.
"Put me on the bed," she said. "Lay me down and do with me as you wish, please."
I did as she asked and put her on the bed. I held her legs in the air as I began thrusting my cock into her again. This time I could feel my cock going even deeper than before. It didn't take long for her to climax. It was amazing. Her pussy tightened around my cock. Her body shook. Juices flowed from her pussy.
"Oh my God. I have never felt like this before."
I adjusted my pace to control her orgasm, which lasted forever. I wanted to cum. I felt like I was going to explode but held back. I wanted to make love to her as she asked. I did just that. I kept sliding my cock in and out of her amazing pussy for quite a while as her body continued to quiver. She held me tight and began to whimper. I saw tears roll down her cheek.
"You okay, baby" I asked. I was concerned.
"I'm fine," she said. "Better than fine. I don't think I will ever feel like this with anyone else but you."
I pulled my cock from her pussy and kissed her on the lips.
"Damn, my sister is lucky," she said. "But, I guess I'm pretty lucky too."
"I feel pretty lucky too," I said. "I get to have both of you."
She smiled and rolled over on the bed getting on her hands and knees.
"It's your turn," she says. "I need you to cum inside me."
I took inventory of what is before me. A beautiful mouth, hot pussy and tight virgin ass.
"Any preference on where I cum?" I asked. "Or not cum?"
"Whatever you want, baby," she said. "I'm all yours."
I grabbed her hair and pulled her to me so I could slide my cock into her pretty mouth. She perfromed like a porn star giving me the best blowjob of my life. But, I really wanted to fill her ass and pussy. So I turned her around and slid my dick into her vagina. As I thrust my cock in and out of her amazing pussy I started to prep her ass. I slid two fingers inside, then spread her cheeks wide. I pulled my cock from her wet vagina and slid it into her tight virgin ass. I only pushed in a few inches at first so she could get used to it.
Then I decided to do something I had never done before. I wanted to eat her ass. I bent her over and spread her ass cheeks wide then leaned in. I stuck out my tongue and licked her ass - cheeks first, then gently over the opening. My tongue darted in and out of her hot anus deeper with each lick. She moaned with pleasure as I licked and tongue fucked her tight hot asshole.
My cock was throbbing. I stood up and slid my cock into her wet vagina, then into her tight ass. I took turns on her ass and pussy sliding my cock deeper each time. I felt that her ass was wet and relaxed enough for me to give her a true anal treatment. My cock slid deep inside her ass making her squirm. Being a good girl, she endured the initial pain and les me continue to fuck her anally until I nearly exploded.
I turned her head to face me and saw more tears running down her cheek. She had a sad look on her face as I continued to penetrate her tight ass. She moaned as I pushed my cock deeper inside. I was relentless. I pushed harder and deeper as she cried out. Tears were still flowing. She was panting and moaning. I didn't want to hurt her so I pulled out.
"The last thing I wanted to do tonight is hurt you baby," I said. "You okay?"
"I'm sorry baby," she said. "I've never done anal. It hurts a bit, but it feels good at the same time. Your cock just feels good inside me."
I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her over me.
"I can't hurt you," I said. "You are such a good girl."
Lexi turned herself around and straddled me. She spread her ass cheeks and grabbed my cock. She guided my cock into her ass and began to ride me like a cowgirl.
"I love making you feel good," she said. "Cum for me love. Cum in my ass."
She rode my cock with passion until I exploded. My cum filled her ass which made my cock slide in and out with ease. My orgasm lasted quite a while. She didn't miss a beat, letting me cum until I can't cum any more. Once I finished I pushed her forward and watched as my semen oozed from her ass to the bed.
"That wasn't that bad once I got used to it," she said. "When you came inside me, it actually felt pretty good. I'll do better next time. I promise."
Lexi and I embraced in my bed, completely naked. I wondered if my hot neighbor had enjoyed the show. I got up and looked out the window to see her still naked, masturbating. Lexi sat up and saw what I saw.
"Did she watch us?" Lexi asked.
"Indeed," I say. "Pretty sure we made her crazy horny. I'm going to give her a call."
I grab the phone and call the neighbor as I watch. She was surprised by the phone which clearly took her out of the moment. She walked into the house and answered the call.
"Hello?" I hear her say in a shaky voice.
"Hey there, neighbor," I say. "Did you enjoy the show?"
"Well yes," she said.
I watched my neighbor come back to the deck wearing a silky robe.
"Why don't you two come down for a night cap." she says. "I won't bite."
I look to Lexi, "Wanna go join my neighbor for a nightcap before bed?"
"Sure," says Lexi. "We could all probably use a drink."
"We're on our way," I say then hang up the phone.
Lexi starts to gather her clothes. I stop her and guide her to my closet. I grab one of my dress shirts and hand it to her. She puts it on and starts to button up. I smile and hold her hand.
"No need to do that," I say. "Just hold it around to cover yourself until we get there."
I pull on a pair of shorts and take her by the hand. We made our way next door.
"I put the shorts on just in case my other neighbor happens to be looking," I say pointing across the street. "Over there. A kinky couple lives there and they have a horny young daughter who has a tendency to spy."
"Is she cute?" Lexi asks.
"Well," I say and pause. "I'd fuck her. But. She just graduated from high school so I don't want to take any chances."
"Fair enough," Lexi says. "I bet she's fantasized about you a time or two... hundred times. I know I have."
My mind wanders as we approach the neighbor's deck. I cannot stop thinking about my hot teen neighbor. I've known her for awhile - even coached her soccer team. I felt bad about my desires. Truth was, I had fantasized about her for quite some time. She was a beautiful girl. Her curly blonde hair glowed, her bright blue eyes were mesmerizing and she had a rock solid body. She and her mom had flirted with me on more than one occasion. I had even watched mom/daughter porn and masturbated thinking about them.
"Hey," the neighbor says to me. "You here?"
"He's thinking about the horny little schoolgirl across the street," Lexi says. "Is she really that cute?"
"Oh my," the neighbor says. "Yes, she's a hot little number."
"Okay ladies," I say. "Enough. I know better. Besides she's jailbait. It's one thing to look at the menu."
"You know," my neighbor says. "She just celebrated her 18th birthday last Saturday. So she's legal. And, I'm pretty sure she's got the hots for you - and has for a while. Her mom can't seem to take her eyes off you either. She's a real piece of work isn't she?"
"Okay, I need a drink" I say. "Besides, I'm happy to be right here with you two hotties right now."
-
So fans, that opens up two more stories which I will release soon.
"My horny 18 year old neighbor, Daughter's friend," and "Late night antics with Lexi and the Neighbor."
After a drink and some more fun, Lexi and I made our way back to my house.
We laid in bed together and cuddled. We chatted about the evening. Turns out we had both fantasized about each other quite often. She confided in me about her desires and I shared mine. We realized that the attraction began when we first met. But, out of respect for our partners never acted. We shared instances, like camping together as a family and the many times I had slept in her bed...
It didn't take long for us to become aroused again. We had sex several more times that night. The sun rose after our second to last session. Neither of us slept a wink. As the birds started to chirp we made our way to the kitchen to make coffee. Our final session during this time happened in the kitchen. Lexi reached up to grab some sugar but couldn't reach it. On her tip-toes completely naked I became aroused at the sight of her incredible ass. I got behind her to grab the sugar and my swelling cock slid between her legs. I bent her over the counter and fucked her madly until we both climaxed. I felt my cum filling her pussy.
"You should know that I stopped taking the pill," she said to me. "So, there's a good chance you got me pregnant."
"Oh shit," I said. "That's going to be awkward."
Lexi laughed. "Just kidding. Although I would love to have your babies, I am using birth control."
A voice from the hall surprised us.
"Whose babies?" is what we heard.
I quickly pulled my shorts up.
Holly, the 20 year old youngest sister came around the corner having a disapproving look on her face. As mentioned earlier, she was a curvy - but cute as hell. Super sexy. She stood a few feet from us with hands on her hips.
"Does your sister, and your wife know what's going on here?" Holly asked.
"As a matter of fact," said Lexi. "She does."
"Does she know you want to have her husband's babies?" Holly asked.
"Don't you, Holly?" Lexi asked. "I have no doubt that you have masturbated while fantasizing about having his children. Or at least his semen inside you."
"So what if I have?" Holly said. "Maybe you should put some clothes on Lexi.."
I look at Holly with a seductive smile. "Maybe you should take your clothes off" I said.
She blushed and looked to the floor. I noticed her nipples getting hard. She had big titties. Her nipples poked out under her white top.
Lexi approached her sister and placed her hands around her to give a big hug. I watched as Lexi slid her hands down and unbuttoned her sister's shorts. She slowly slid open the zipper and pulled the shorts down enough to give me my first look at Holly's white cotton panties.
"Why don't you show yours so I can show you hers," Lexi says then backs away.
Without hesitation I pulled my shorts down exposing my cock.
"Your turn," I said.
Holly giggled and looked to the floor again as she reluctantly pulled her shorts down to her knees. They fell to her ankles. I noticed that her white cotton panties were stressed against her puffy pussy lips. There appeared to be a wet spot forming. Lexi was now behind her younger sister, hands on her waist. Lexi lifted up Holly's shirt over her head. Holly's large firm breasts jiggled. I watched Lexi slide her hands up Holly's belly then over her sister's breasts. She pinched Holly's nipples then cupped her breasts.
"Like what you see?" Lexi asks me.
"Indeed" was my reply.
"What about you Holly?" Lexi asks. "Do you like what you see?"
"Uh huh," she mumbles.
"Wouldn't you like to touch that cock?" Lexi asks. "It's such a beautiful penis."
"Yes," Holly groans. "Can I?"
I smile and approach with my cock exposed. I reach out and take Holly by the hand and guide it to my penis. We stare each other in the eye as I feel her fingers touch me. She wraps her hot little hand around my cock and begins to stroke me. I moan with pleasure then place my hands on the small of her back. I gently slide her panties down to her knees as she continues to stroke my cock. My hands make their way to the front. I rub her inner thighs then slide one hand over her puffy hot pussy. I slide one finger into her vagina, then two. I rub her clit with my thumb as I continue to finger her.
Lexi reaches down. She grabs my hand. The one fingering her sister. She pushes my hand firmly encouraging me to slide myself deeper into Holly's tight hot pussy. Lexi then pulls my juice soaked hand from her sister's pussy to her own mouth. She licks her sister's pussy juice from my fingers then pushes away. She gets behind Holly. She places her hands on her sister's shoulders then gently forces her to her knees in front of me. Facing me.
"Open your mouth little sister," Lexi says.
Looking down I watch as Holly closes her eyes, smiles and opens her mouth wide. She leans her head back then licks her lips. Lexi gets on her knees beside her sister and places her hands on the back of Holly's head. Lexi slides her hands over Holly's face then slides her fingers into her mouth. Two fingers on both hands, then all four. She forcefully holds Holly's mouth wide open and looks up to me.
"Slide that hot cock into my little sister's mouth as deep as you can go," Lexi says. "Shove that hot throbbing cock down her throat."
I walk forward eagerly and stand over Holly. My legs against her shoulders. I bend my knees and lean forward as I aim my cock to her open mouth. I place my hand on the back of Holly's head to maintain my balance. I guide her head towards me then slide my cock into her mouth until the head of my penis rests on her tongue. Lexi removes her hands from Holly's mouth. Holly leans to me, allowing my cock to slide deeper into her hot mouth, She wraps her lips around my shaft and swirls her tongue. I push forward and hold her head tightly as my throbbing dick slides deep into her mouth. The head of my cock penetrates her throat. She gags a bit. I hold her tight not letting her pull away. Her eyes are watery. Tears begin to roll down her cheek, smearing her black eyeliner along the way. I push my cock deeper and feel her throat muscles loosen up.
After a few deep thrusts I pull out and rub my cock over her hot lips, cheeks, nose and chin. She moans and leans in as I tease her by sliding my cock over her lips, letting the tip of my cock penetrate her mouth just a bit. I grab my shaft and push closer, resting my balls on her mouth. She gently licks and sucks my balls. I pull away again and look to Lexi, who sits next to us on her knees masturbating. I guide her head close, then position the sisters cheek to cheek in front of me. I glide my cock over Lexi's lips, then Holly's face. I slip my dick into Lexi's mouth and let her blow me for a few minutes. Holly instinctively leaned down and placed her lips on my balls. I felt her hand on my shaft.
Holly pushes Lexi to the side and wraps her lips around my penis. She strokes me as she blows me for a few minutes. She pulls me from her mouth and turns to her sister.
"Lexi," Holly says. "Help me make him cum. Please"
"Oh fuck yes," I say. "You two are going to make me explode."
I leaned my head back and closed my eyes as the sisters placed their mouths on my cock and balls. I felt my cock slide into Holly's mouth. I knew it was her because her mouth was amazing and unforgettable. Her moans and hot breath on my abdomen confirmed my thoughts. I opened my eyes and looked down to see the sisters worshiping my cock. I looked up and caught a figure outside. At first I assumed it was the hot milf neighbor watching us through the window. It took me a second to realize who it was. It was my young neighbor from across the street. She darted away quickly behind the garage when she realized I could see her. She had such a nice ass, which was the last thing I saw as she turned the corner.
"Hold on ladies," I said as I pulled away. "Why don't you both head to the living room and wait for me. I've gotta piss like a racehorse."
I really did have to piss, but I really wanted to head outside to verify what I saw. I pulled on my shorts and headed out, trying to be quiet. I turned the corner of my garage to see her. My teen neighbor. She was standing in the road, looking down, acting like she was innocent.
See my story "Jenna is 18"
-
Sitting up I moved forward and dangled my cock and balls over the edge of the couch. The sisters approached me on their knees and placed their hands on my thighs. They both moved in close enough to perform orally on me. They took turns sucking my cock and balls. At one point they faced each other, lips on the base of my cock, swirling their tongues. They started to kiss each other on the lips, tongues entwined, with my cock in the middle. I reached down and placed my hand on the back of their heads. I held them in that position and moved my hips up and down so my cock slid over their lips.
Leaning back again with my eyes closed I pulled my hands away to let them work my cock as they wished. It was amazing. My cock slid into each of their mouths deeply. I felt my balls resting on their chins. One of them always with her lips on the base or my balls.
"Okay" I heard one of them say with a heavy breath.
It was Lexi.
"Holly, have you ever had a guy cum in your mouth?"
I feel Holly pull her mouth from my cock. She grips my shaft and looks to Lexi with a smile.
"No," she says. She giggles and kisses the head of my dick. "I've actually never touched one before right now. Nevermind having one in my mouth, or swallowing cum."
"I'll finish him if you don't want to," says Lexi. She looks up to me with a smile. "I wouldn't mind."
Holly says nothing. She leans in and guides my cock over her hot lips into her mouth until the head of my cock pressed against her tonsils. She gagged a bit but pushed past it. She groaned and slid her mouth over my as my cock penetrated her throat deeply. I felt my balls land on her chin. She began sliding my cock in and out of her mouth slowly. My cock started to throb. It got thicker, hotter and harder. She moaned then forced herself to swallow my cock. Her nose touched my belly. She slid her mouth up to the head and grasped my shaft. She stroked my cock as it slid over her lips and in and out of her hot mouth until my body tightened.
I push my cock even deeper. The shaft under the head of my cock slides over her tonsils. I feel like I am going to explode. I pull out and rub my cock over her hot lips. I notice Lexi on her knees looking on eagerly. I slide my cock over her lips. She opens her mouth and swallows my cock. I fuck her face for a few seconds then pull out. I am going to cum. I slide my cock into Holly's mouth and unload my hot semen. My cock throbs as loads of cum shoot into her mouth. She moans as I slide myself out, resting my cockhead on her lips. She swallows a mouthful of my cum as I shoot more on her face. My cum covers her lips, nose, cheeks and forehead. I can't stop cumming.
Lexi moves in and starts to lick my cum from her sister's face. I pull her hair and force my cock into her mouth as I shoot a few more blasts. I close my eyes again and lean back. I feel Holly's lips on my shaft. I look down to see the sisters kissing, swirling their tongues and sharing my hot semen. I slide my cock between their mouths, feeling their lips on my cock until my orgasm eventually subsides. I look down again to see them staring up at me with huge smiles. Their faces glistening with my cum and their own saliva. Their blonde hair is a mess. Holly's eyeliner is smudged around her eyes and has run down her cheek.
I invite the girls to my bedroom to rest. We laid in bed next to each other naked. Lexi on one side, Holly on the other. They snuggle up close to me and lay their heads on my chest. I gently rub them on the back as I lay there exhausted. There was silence - just slow breathing for several minutes. I closed my eyes and felt myself starting to drift off when I heard a voice.
"Any chance you've got one more load in you," Lexi whispers in my ear.
I feel her leg slide over mine. She pushes against me and I feel her hot vagina on my thigh. She starts to grind against my leg and I feel her pussy getting hot and wet. My cock starts to swell. I feel her hand slide down my belly to my cock. She grasps it and starts to stroke me.
"I don't know if I have anything left," I whisper back to her. "But I am willing to try.."
Holly starts to move. I feel her head turn. She places her lips on my chest and starts breathing heavy. Her mouth moves gently over my chest and she sticks out her tongue. I feel her mouth over one of my nipples. She licks it, then wraps her lips around it and sucks gently. Holly moans quietly. I look over to see her hand slide between her legs. She lays on her back next to me and makes eye contact. She gives a seductive look then spreads her legs wide and begins to masturbate.
My cock hardens in Lexi's hand. She continues to stroke my cock as she slides down the bed. She straddles me at my feet and leans down, placing her mouth on my swollen cock. She glides my cock in and out of her mouth slowly. I hear Holly let out a groan. I look over to see Lexi's hand between her sister's legs. Lexi is fingering her sister. She sits up and wipes her chin then leans over to Holly and places her mouth on her vagina. I watch as Lexi licks her sister's hot pussy.
In just a few minutes Holly climaxes from her sister's mouth. Lexi sits up and slides up, positioning her pussy over my cock which is rock hard and laying flat on my abdomen. The head of my cock touches just under my belly button. Lexi grinds her wet pussy over my shaft with her hands on my chest holding me down. I want to sit up so I can kiss her, wanting to taste Holly's juice. Lexi teases me then leans down to kiss me on the lips. We kiss passionately and I lick the sweet juice from her face. Lexi reaches down and grabs my cock. She lifts her hips and guides herself over my thick hard shaft. I feel her pussy lips around my cockhead as she pushes herself down. Her hot pussy lips tighten round the shaft of my cock as my entire head enters her. She gasps. I feel her hot pussy lips pulsing as my cock slowly enters her.
Once I feel my balls against her I hold her tight. I push against her grinding my cock as deep as it will go. I feel her pussy get hotter than ever as juices begin to flow. I can feel her about to climax so I push her away and pull my cock out. I tease her with the head of my penis, rubbing it over her clit and between her pussy lips. I slide the head of my swollen cock into her just a bit, a few times - then finally thrust it deep into her.
"Oh, Fuck," she says as her fingernails scratch down my back.
"Your cock feels so amazing," she says. "I've never been this turned on. Ever."
Lexi rides my cock like a pro. She grinds her pussy over my shaft with great pace while moaning and talking dirty to me.
At one point she says "Oh, Daddy!" then stops riding me.
I see her look at me blushing with her hand over her mouth.
"Sorry," she says. "Hope I didn't kill the moment. It just came out."
"No worries baby girl," I say to her. "I am your Daddy right now."
Her pout turns to a smile as her hips begin moving again. My cock swells, her pussy gets hotter. She leans in close so we are face to face and stares into my eyes.
"Oh, Daddy" she says in a sultry voice. "Am I being a good girl?"
I can feel her pussy lips contracting around my shaft as she thrusts herself back and forth. After a few minutes she lets out a big groan and pulls away a bit - keeping my cock inside of her. The head of my cock is just inside.
"Oh, Daddy," she says in a shaky voice. "You make me feel so good. Am I doing it right?"
"Yes baby," I say. "You are perfect."
She pushes herself down with force, allowing my cock to slide deeply into her. The head of my cock touches her g spot making her shake and moan. I grab her waist and hold her down on me as I push harder. I feel this spot rubbing just under the head of my cock as we grind our bodies against each other. She gets up and turns herself around facing away from me, then guides her pussy over my cock again. I grab her breasts and start to kiss her on the neck as she bounces up and down on my swollen penis.
Lexi leans back and starts to rub her own clit. I feel her legs spread further apart as she leans back all the way. Her head is next to mine. Our cheeks are pressed together. She starts to moan loudly and her body starts to shake. That's when I notice Holly, on her knees between our legs with her mouth on Lexi's clit. I feel her mouth slide around, her tongue licking Lexi's pussy lips and the shaft of my cock. My cock gets harder than ever. I feel faint as all the blood rushes to my dick.
"Wrap your lips over his balls Holly," Lexi says. "Put Daddy's balls in your mouth."
I feel Holly's hot lips slide over my tight sack. Her wet tongue gently swirls around as her mouth fills with saliva. Her mouth is so hot. My balls feel amazing. I feel like I am about to cum. I reach down and pull Holly away. I push Lexi away and sit up.
"Holy fuck," I say. "This is quite a night."
"Lay on the bed on your back Holly," I command. "Lexi, I want you to get on your knees and straddle her face. Like 69."
The girls do as told and I position myself behind Lexi. I push her head down between her sister's legs then put my hands on her ass. I spread her cheeks wide and lifted her up, positioning my cock for entry into her pussy and ass. I placed my cock on Lexi's back then slowly slid it between her ass cheeks, over her anus then into her pussy just a bit. I pushed the head of my cock between her pussy lips, paused, then let the head of my cock slide into her pussy until her lips were around my shaft. I didn't go in more than a few inches. Teasing her.
Holly lifted her head and placed her mouth on Lexi's pussy. I pulled back to watch Holly eat her sister's pussy. Lexi got up to her knees and grinded on Holly's face. I pushed Lexi between her shoulders gently, encouraging her to assume the position. I wanted her head down, back super arched with her ass in the air. She knew what was coming. Holly did too. I was surprised to see Holly with her head up, hands on Lexi's ass, continuing to lick and suck her sister's hot pussy.
Moving in, I slid my cock between Holly's lips and her sister's pussy. We grinded and eventually my cock slid between Lexi's pussy lips. I pushed it in then pulled all the way out, letting my cockhead tease her pussy lips. I glided my cock in again and all the way out of her. I repeated this several times. Then, I pulled away. I stared at her virgin ass.
I placed my wet cockhead against her anus, pushing in a little. She wiggled and let out a moan. I pushed myself back. I got on my knees behind her, then placed my hands on her ass. I leaned in and placed my mouth directly over her ass hole. I stuck out my tongue and licked her ass cheeks - close to her anus, eventually sliding the tip of my tongue into her ass. I pushed closer and slid my tongue deeper. I felt her tight asshole around my tongue as I tried to stick it in as far as I could. I slid my mouth down to her pussy. My hands firmly under her thighs close to her pussy - I held her confidently. I spread her pussy lips with my thumbs and put my mouth on her vagina. I licked her ass and pussy for a few minutes as she moaned and started shaking.
The scene became surreal. It was like a dream. Erotic, the smell of sex. Sweaty bodies. One of my hands made its way between Lexi's legs. I began rubbing her crotch, sliding my fingers into her pussy and anus. Eventually I was able to slide 4 fingers into her wet pussy. I slid two, then three fingers into her ass. Then I used both hands. I got forceful. My strong hands on her soft body. She was like clay. I had her on her back, legs spread, feet over her head. I held Holly by the hair and guided her mouth over Lexi's hot pussy and anus.
My cock was extremely hard again. I placed my shaft between Lexi's ass cheeks and guided Holly's mouth to my balls. Holly gently sucked and licked my nuts as I slid my cock over Lexi's anus and then pushed my cock into her hot pussy. After a few thrusts into her vagina I pulled out and guided my cock to her tight ass. When I pressed the head of my penis gently into her ass, I felt her push back and heard her moan. My cock slid deeper into her ass. I felt her body tighten.
"Fuck me," she said loudly. "Fuck my ass. Please Daddy. That hot cock feels so good."
Encouraged by her reaction I pushed my cock deeper into her ass. Her body went limp and she began to quiver as I thrust my swollen cock in and out of her tight ass with more pace.
"Oh fuck," she cries. "Fuck me Daddy. Oh my God this feels so good. Don't stop."
My mind raced. I held Lexi firmly by the waist and fucked her in the ass faster and harder for a while. I would occasionally pull out completely and slide my cock into her vagina - then right back into her ass.
"I'm going to cum" I say. "I can't hold back any more. Holy shit."
"Cum inside me Daddy," Lexi says. "Fill me with your hot baby juice."
I look over at Holly. She smiles then leans in straight towards her sister's pussy. She opens her mouth and leans in moaning. I watch her stick out her tongue and begin licking her sisters clit and pussy lips. She looks up to me smiling, her face glistening with pussy juice and sweat.
"Fill my sister's ass and pussy with your hot cum," Holly says. "I just want the leftovers. I want to watch you cum inside her. You are her daddy."
With that I explode as my cock is buried deep in Lexi's ass. I pull out and slide my throbbing cock into her vagina. I shoot another load. And another. I pull out and slide my cock back into Lexi's ass shooting another load of cum. I hold myself there and shoot again. I pull back out and slide my dick back into Lexi's pussy. I shoot a few more blasts into her then pull out for the last time. My cock continues to throb. I feel Holly's lips on my balls. She slides my semi hard cock into her mouth and blows me, swallowing the last few bits of cum as my climax subsides.
I push the sister's away and stand up next to the bed. Lexi pushes Holly to her back on the bed then straddles her face. I watch my cum ooze from Lexi's ass and pussy. Holly opens her mouth. She leans up and begins cleaning her sister's pussy and ass, swallowing my cum. Holly is officially eating a cream pie.
-
Next up. Chapter 5. Holly anad my wife