It was raining when she looked out of the window, she stood up and stretched. Getting up on a rainy Monday morning was the worst. She picked up her phone and saw that she had a message, checking it her breath hitched. She could hear her heartbeat in her head. That pounding noise that reminds you to breathe.
The message read "I'm here."
She quickly took a shower feeling the soap gliding over her skin, her hands wandering to her clit as she gently flicked the sensitive bud her breathing becoming rapid. She stopped just before that final edge, smiling she got out and towelled down.
With shaky hands she fastened her bra, the black lace feeling smooth and cool on her warm breasts. She pulled on a pair of lacy black knickers, the thong helping her feel sexy as it disappeared into her ample ass. Pulling on a pair of unassuming Jeans and a Black blouse with just a hint of cleavage showing she applied her make up and brushed her hair.
Taking care of the mundane she fed her cat, then slid her feet into a pair of black pumps and left the house.
This was it. It was time.
Her mind was racing, her body tingling all over, so many unanswered questions should she? could she?. It was truly madness.
She got into her car and took a deep breath.
Arriving at the hotel she walked in on shaky legs. He was there, sitting in the corner reading a newspaper his one leg crossed over his other like he didn't have a care in the world. He hadn't seen her yet and she wondered should she back out.
It was now or never. Taking a deep breath she walked towards him, he was like sex personified to her. He was wearing tan leather cowboy boots, his powerful legs encased in dark blue denim jeans held up with a large silver belt buckle. His dark shirt straining across his taut body, his blond hair tied in its trademark plait and his cowboy hat sitting on the table in front of him. He oozed confidence.
A waitress came over with a glass of red wine which he sniffed warily. He knew a lot about wine, she smiled as his eyes met hers, she could feel herself blushing desperately hoping she wasn't a let down in real life.
He stood up to greet her his warm eyes brightening at the sight of her.
"Hi baby" he whispered as he slowly approached her.
She forced herself to walk towards him, her nervous habit of biting her lip betraying how unsure she was.
As she got closer to him he enveloped her in a hug and breathed in her scent.
"God baby you're gorgeous" he whispered into her ear his breath tickling her neck.
"Do you want a drink or shall we go somewhere more private" he asked her in his thick accent.
She shook her head unsure of what to say and not trusting her voice. He took her hand in his
"baby you're shaking" he whispered as he sat back down pulling her down beside him. "I'm not going to hurt you sweetheart. unless you want it of course"
he chuckled as the breath she was holding escaped and she let out a tiny moan.
"I'm nervous" she practically squeaked. "It's been a long time and I cant believe you are really here"
He ran his hand up and down her arm "shh its ok I understand I'm just as nervous as you are - I don't normally drink red wine at this time of day" he chuckled.
She looked up at him and he offered her a chaste kiss, she smiled and bit her lip, he could see she was nervous and he wondered how to get her to relax. "baby I know you're not as comfortable in public as me, lets head up to my room we can talk there much more freely with no pressure, just because I'm here I expect nothing more than your company" She smiled at him as he stood up to his full height and she moaned quietly, he really was quite something to look at.
He helped her stand up and expertly picked his wine glass up under the stem between his fingers like it was second nature, she picked his cowboy hat up and playfully popped in on her head. he laughed at her silliness, she really didn't look good in hats but seeing her in his did something to him.
They caught a lift and he told her he was on the top floor in a suite. She smiled at him, she still had no idea just how much money he made or how wealthy he was but that didn't matter to her, what mattered was he came to see her, that meant everything to her.
They arrived on the top floor and he pressed the card into the slot to open the door as the door opened she gasped, the view over the city was stunning. They were higher than many of the buildings surrounding them. Cautiously she walked to the window. jumping slightly as she felt him behind her. He breathed into her neck.
"It's one way glass baby, we can see them they cant see us"
she turned and looked up at him, still shaky, still nervous. Slowly he put his arms around her and drew her to him. They kissed tentatively at first and then gaining more fire as their tongues duelled for dominance.
Somewhere in the kiss she moaned and it felt like a rocket straight to his cock. He couldn't help himself and he growled into their passionate embrace.
"Christ Baby I know I said I just wanted your company but you have no idea how much I need you right now." Stepping back from him she slipped off her shoes losing that extra height dwarfing her in comparison to his 6ft frame. He hesitated and looked at her "Im nervous too I hope I don't disappoint you baby"
She smiled at him and reached for the buttons on his shirt, her hands were shaking and she struggled to unfasten them, determined she pressed on until they were all free. He took his shirt off and stood in front of her, his breathing speeding up, hoping but not expecting. Nervously she reached out and touched his skin as if she didn't believe he was really there, running her hands though his coarse chest hair she moaned and shivered a little, this was turning her on. He leaned down and kissed the top of her head loving that their height difference allowed him to do so. Her stroking and exploration became more bold as she gently flicked his nipple, his breath stopped as all his blood ran to his cock. it was his turn to shiver now as she leaned forward and shyly licked his nipple
"Oh God baby yes" he shuddered "yes yes yes" feeling bolder she stepped back and pulled her blouse over her head, he groaned as her large breasts came into view cradled in the black satin material he had seen so many times online. He reached a hand forward and gently stroked one of the beautiful globes feeling its weight in his hand. "Are they ok baby" she asked quietly, unsure of herself.
"they are beautiful" he whispered, taking one of the straps from her shoulder he reached round and touched the clasp at the rear, looking down at her questioning "Can I"?. " she nodded.
A simple answer that they both knew would cement the fact there was no going back. He deftly unclasped the material bond and her breasts sprang free, heavy and warm. Spinning around he gently walked her to the edge of the bed as he kneaded her breasts in his hands, pinching the nipples between his fingers, teasing her. They reached the bed and he turned her back round then he sat carefully on the edge of the bed putting him at perfect height as he took a nipple into his mouth and suckled hungrily, moaning into the flesh whilst he kneaded the other with his spare hand. He adjusted himself, his cock filling to hardness.
She moaned at the sensations flooding her body, "Oh God yes yes" she whimpered as he devoured her breasts, first one then the other. Sucking, biting, nipping and squeezing. She struggled to hold herself up as her legs became wobbly again. Reaching down she stroked the hair on his chest and started toying with his nipples, he growled into the breast he was suckling on and inhaled sharply. She could see the muscles in his back rippling with the effect she was having on him. It spurred her on, made her braver somehow. To see that he wanted her as much as she wanted him. She reached down and unfastened her trousers, he noticed and continuing his ministrations on her breasts gently slid her trousers down to her ankles, taking the chance to run his hands up and down her legs. He reached around and grabbed her ass cheek realising she either had no panties or a thong on he stopped and actually looked at her. She blushed and tried to cover herself with her arms. he knew how self conscious she was about her body, she was a curvy woman and he loved it
"don't hide from me" he growled inhaling her scent.
He stood up and unclipped his belt buckle and unzipped his jeans, dropping them, his rock hard cock sprang free, he loved being naked, but he especially loved being naked for her. She swapped with him on the bed and as he turned around to face her she reached for his cock and wrapped her hand around it. He moaned instantly, he had been waiting for this day hoping and praying and planning. It was so far everything he had hoped it would be, she was so sexy.
"you're not so shy now are you baby?" he teased as she licked the drop of pre cum off the head of his penis.
"no" she replied as she opened her mouth and took him inside in one move straight to the root
"FUCK" he groaned as he realised her boast about having no gag reflex was true.
" mhhmmm" she agreed as she pulled back to the tip and licked the head of his cock whilst her lips were still wrapped around it. "oh my god baby that's so fucking good" he was in heaven as she bobbed her mouth up and down on his cock slurping and sucking for all she was worth. "you look like this really vanilla normal woman yet underneath you're a firecracker baby, fuck; what you do to me" he hissed as she licked the underside of his cock from his balls to his head and back again. his legs went wobbly at the feeling and she motioned for him to lie on the bed.
He lay down and she lay next to him leaning over him like a Goddess. She stroked his cock in her hand as she licked his nipple into her mouth making him crazy with need, his head thrashed about and his breathing became ragged. she felt his cock thicken as he was nearing his climax and she eased off. Smiling at him as he struggled to catch his breath, quickly he leaned over her and pulled her thong off spreading her legs he saw his first look at her pussy. glistening in the light a small droplet making its way down her slit. "fuck baby you are so wet for me"
She looked at him, blushing "I know, don't worry just touch me with your fingers I understand" she smiled sadly at him as he leaned forward inhaled her scent and buried his tongue in her lips. "FUUUCCCKKK" she shouted at the sensation, "Never,, no one... oh baby thank you thank you thank you" she repeated over and over again as he licked and feasted on her nectar. Sliding his tongue in and out of her pussy then flicking her clit, back and forth he went inhaling her scent and growling his own pleasure at her as he enjoyed her taste.
He looked at her from between her legs "going to want to do way more of this sweetheart you taste so fucking good" he smiled as he returned to his mission "going to make you cum" he whispered into her pussy lips as he licked up and down, she squirmed back and forth on the bed squealing in ecstasy.
"I cant believe I've waited this long to feel how good this is" she gasped as he licked her clit again and slid a finger inside her pussy, gently pushing in and out as he finger fucked her, her breathing became ragged and he sped up his movements "baby oh my god" she squealed as he smiled up at her
"Cum for me baby" he said in his deep sexy voice, that did it for her as he buried his head back between her legs and she squirted her orgasm all over his face, "fuck yes" he roared as he lapped at her nectar licking and cleaning her up as she quivered and whimpered from the unfamiliar feelings. He moved back on top of her leaning down and kissing her.
"I'm so sorry, you're covered" she giggled as he licked his lips, she licked his cheek and smiled "I do taste good though"
He groaned at her innocent yet sexy ways.
Smiling up at him she nodded, feeling his cock pushing at her entrance, gently he thrust forward, his cock hard enough to need no guidance from their hands as he slid all the way inside her. They both moaned at the same time as the feeling of his cock sliding into her warmth was amazing for both of them.
"baby this was worth waiting for" he said as he thrust in and out, she reached up and touched his nipples and he gasped, pinching them between her fingers she rolled them around "fuck yes baby play with my nipples" he whispered to her "love my nipples being played with"
She gasped as he pushed his cock deep inside her feeling somehow harder as she toyed with his body.
"oh my god fuck me" she cried as she felt another orgasm barrelling towards her. "baby I'm going to come again" she whimpered.
"yes baby come on my cock please baby" he begged, she smiled as she pinched his nipple again "oh god yes baby coming yes yes" they both reached the peak of their climax
" fuck yes"
they both screamed together as he shot his cum deep inside her and she orgasmed, flooding his cock with her juices. Breathing heavily he leaned into her and she hugged him in tight. He struggled to catch his breath as they held each other.
he tried to move "I'm too heavy for you baby" he said as he rolled over and pulled her on top of him, he leaned forward and nibbled on her nipple and she rippled her pussy muscles making him jump "fuck baby I can feel you squeezing my cock that's amazing" he shuddered as she did it again.
"yeah, you like that baby" she asked as he smiled at her
"baby you are so fucking hot I'm so glad I came" he stared lovingly at her and she smiled
"I'm glad you came too but now I'm all sticky and I need a shower"
he laughed at her - "that's not what I meant but yeah you could shower or you could join me in the hot tub on the balcony" he smiled at her knowing that she was insanely jealous that he had a hot tub at home.
"that sounds like a better plan" she said as she walked towards the window. He followed after her, "the balcony isn't protected baby you want to wrap a towel around " he suggested knowing she was self conscious.
she turned to him and smiled "after a fucking like that I don't think I care what anyone else thinks" she smiled as she opened the sliding door and stepped outside.
He joined her smiling " I'm glad you see what I see now baby and tonight when it gets dark I'm going to fuck you in front of the windows looking out over the city knowing we can see everyone but they cant see us" she smiled at him stepping into the hot tub.
"You might have to leave the door open it will get stuffy in the room" she smiled knowing she had once again found her exhibitionist streak all thanks to him.