Please enjoy. Don't forget to vote and your comments will be answered. I appreciate all your thoughts.
***
Her name is Celina. She is 5'5" tall, with ginger red hair flowing to the small of her back. She has the cutest overbite and big green eyes. Her tits are 34 D and firm with a flat belly 23" waist and 33"hips.
Aside from the obvious. What attracted me to her was her talent for exhibitionism. She loves to seduce and fuck in public and I love to watch.
I met her on line. Her profile said. I love it when every man in the room wants to fuck me and I do my best to get their attention. If you are possessive. Move on.
We have been married for 10 years and she never fails to amaze me with her antics.
I had just started my position as C.O.O at a major assembly firm. My boss had never met my wife. Celina came to my office for lunch, pretending to be my step daughter. She had a short red low cut sundress on that just covered her ass. When she walked her lace panties played peek a boo.
She ran over to me hugging me and dry humping my leg. My boss was in the office and his eyes widened as he starred at her exposed pantie covered ass. My cock twitched as she continues to put on a show.
"Um sweetie. This is my boss Mr. Hands. You have to remember we are not at home."
"Oh Daddy. I just love you so much, and miss when we snuggle." She said looking at Mr. Hand.
"Are you good with your hands sir? Thank you for giving daddy a job. I give good jobs too." Licking her lips and reaching between his legs.
"I'm Celina and love to make old men happy. Would you like to be happy?"
He swallowed hard, as she knelt down unzipping his pants. Taking his hard cock out she licks up the shaft. Popping his head in her mouth and taking him deep. He moaned grabbing the back of her head and forcing his cock down her throat. Sucking and slobbering messing her top with spit. He reached down to take her tits out and roughly groping and squeezing them.
Watching from behind I noticed cum stains on the back of her dress. I knew she fucked somebody on the way downtown. I was even more excited as I knew we were both going to fuck her now. My cock throbbing against my trousers. Listening to the sound of her giving him the sloppiest blow job I've seen her give in a while. She was really fucking horny and loving his cock.
I walked up behind her. Slid my finger between her legs. Rubbing her moist cunt. Her panties wet and cum stained. Slid my finger in her cunt. The dirty slut still had cum in it. I scooped it out and smeared it on the side of her cheek. She took my finger in her mouth while jerking his spit lubed cock.
She turned around to suck my cock as Mr. Hand slid his cock in her cunt. She screamed as he drove her cunt hard. Pulling her hair causing her to open her mouth as I drove my cock deep in her mouth. Grabbing her tits and savagely fucking her face while he hate fucked her cunt.
.
Celina met each cock with enthusiasm. Her cunt gushing juice as she came on his fucking big cock. He pulled his cock out and drove it deep in her slutty ass. Fucking it in and out as she fingered her sloppy wet cunt.
"Fuck I love cock in my holes. Cum for me boys. Give me your hot thick cum. Please please give it me." She begged.
He picked her up cock in her ass and I walked over to drive my cock in her cunt sandwiching the slut whore between our cocks. Fucking her wet cunt and tight ass hole. We played tug of war with her cunt and ass hole driving our cocks deep and pulling them out. Reaming her holes with our fat long cocks.
Her eyes glazed and body convulsing as we fucked her without mercy. My balls tighten feeling my cum rise up my cock as her cunt milks it. I look at Mr. Hand and nod as we both pull out and jerk out cocks shooting our loads on her face and big beautiful tits. She reaches out to jerk our cocks and direct our cum to her mouth lapping like a crazed starving dog.
Sucking our heads getting every last drop with cum dripping off her forehead chin and tits. Her dress saturated with cum. Her cunt still twitching from being double fucked.
She smiled eating cum off her fingers. And pulling up her dress as it clung to her tits and put her soaking panties back on. Got up and went to leave. My cock got hard again knowing she would get on the subway with cum drenching her dress and hair.
"Call me when you get home. Let me know how many cocks you make hard on the way home."
She gave me a kiss and asked.
"What should I wear to get fucked at supper?"
"Surprise me." I said.
Mr. Hand looked at me with a puzzled look on his face. After she left. I explained to him. Celina is actually my wife and she is an exhibitionist and I love to watch her get fucked. We role play and thought it would fun to thank you for hiring me. She prefers older married men to tease and fuck.