I love golf. And by now you know I really love masturbating. This weekend I combined the two for one hell of a thrill!
I've played golf for years and my love of the game led me to volunteering for a professional tournament or two that has come into the area. This year I was lucky enough to get on the U.S. Open volunteer staff. To say it was an event of a lifetime would be an understatement, what with being able to stand next to the likes of Jim Furyk, Lee Westwood, Bubba Watson and Sergio Garcia, then to have a short chat with my favorite golfer, 'Lefty' Phil Mickelson!
My week had been made in those experiences alone.
Over the weekend though another perk of the 'job' made itself very evident. In my position as a golf hole marshal I was presented with the view of some of the sexiest women I'd ever been privileged to see. It was not a tremendously hot week for golf, but it was warm and somewhat humid especially on the weekend. So the golf crowd dressed accordingly. Only I was not prepared for the distraction of so many beautiful women dressed so scantily in very tight shorts and golf shirts or even shorter skirts and revealing tops. Many more times than I could ever count my view of the crowd was blinded by the glimpsing of a pair of especially sexy tanned bare thighs or the very generous display of a full pair of pushed up breasts.
Before I go any further I guess I should describe what my volunteer duties entailed so as to give you a better perspective on what and why I was able to view what I did and ultimately where that led me to one of the most thrilling and satisfying masturbation sessions I've ever experienced. As a marshal most of my job was to stand along a rope line that stretched across the length of a golf hole, in the rough (the taller cut of grass) several feet out from the fairway (the shorter cut of grass). The fairway is where most of the play takes place (except when a golfer hits an errant shot). So my job was to face the crowd and maintain order especially when the golfers were close by and ready to hit. So much of the time I'd just look into the groups of gathered fans, raise my hands, and utter 'Quiet Please!' The repetition of the act got a bit boring after the first couple of days, but again, being up close and personal with the golfers made it mostly worthwhile. But what really allowed me to get through my volunteer shift was playing a game of my own.
Each time I'd turn to quiet the crowd I learned to scan those gathered near me to pick out the prettiest woman within my sights. Many a time I didn't catch view of a single female as the groups going by was mostly men. It was often enough though I'd catch sight of that one special lovely woman that would make my moment. From the number of luscious long legs extending from the shortest of short shorts or extremely short skirt to the nearly bared, tanned bosoms and deep cleavage (some even with big plump nipples on display) it kept my day filled with visual stimulation. On more than one of the nights by the time I got in my car after the long day I'd have my khaki shorts pulled down in the driver's seat and have a good jerk.
But that wasn't the 'BIG' thrill of the week! None of those women and their assets under my lecherous peeks all week compared to the one I got Sunday afternoon.
Here it was the final afternoon of the U.S. Open, one of the biggest golf tournaments ever. My heart was pumping from the get go as I was posted on the fairway of the 18th and final hole where the best of the best golfers in the world would pass to finish their week and some of them fulfill their dreams of a lifetime. In the case of one young man, Rory McIlroy, his achievement was almost assured for as good as he'd done the first three rounds; his victory was practically in hand. Little did I know when I got posted on the edge of the rope line halfway down the fairway Sunday that I would end up have something climactic in hand before his round was over.
About four o'clock that afternoon a woman, a short-haired blonde maybe in early forties, wearing a strapless sundress and pink flip-flops came and parked herself right at the rope line just a few feet away from my posted spot. After about the third or fourth time turning to do my duty and quiet the crowd for the golfers I finally got a chance to get a good glimpse in front of me. The pretty woman's dress wasn't extremely short, but it was revealing enough to show off her very beautifully deep tanned legs up to about mid-thigh. She sat there, her legs stretched out, very bronzed and very smooth skin on display. Her tanned bare feet extended beyond the stretched rope line and although I was obliged to tell her to move them back there was no way I was going to do that. The bit of foot fetish I have in me wouldn't let that happen!
Somewhere into the afternoon, after a few more twosomes of golfers had played through I turned to do my marshaling thing and found she had pulled her knees up and had scooted a bit further down the hill toward the rope line. She was now poised just barely within allowed limits although her sexy bare feet still extended past the artificially imposed line. At first all I saw was more leg as she hunched her arms over her knees where her skirt was barely pulled up to. But when I happened to take a couple of steps back and then turned to raise my hands to quiet the crowd for the thirty-thousandth time that week I got the view of the entire tournament. I swear I must have staggered at least somewhat when my gaze discovered the incredibly delicious sight just a few feet before me!
Now you also have to understand from the position I stood at I was almost literally the only person that could see this wonderful sight so distinctly. The fans on either side of her could only see her skirt pulled to her knees and maybe, if they were lucky, her bare shins. The fairway was a good twenty-five yards across so the nearest marshal and fans on that side may have gotten a distant view of bare thigh. But from my view I could see so clearly the thinnest crotch of a pair of panties pulled ever so tightly across the two puffy pussy lips of this gorgeous woman. There was no doubt she shaved herself bare down there, the way that cameltoe pressed outward through the thin satiny material there were no shades of color, blonde or otherwise impeding the view of her delectable pussy. Through that almost ultra-sheer material I still couldn't really see the true pinkness underneath, but there was very little left to the imagination...very, very little.
The sweaty manhood inside my pants had been given a few 'lifts' that day already what with other intriguing and sexy sights, but this sight exceeded all others. Before I knew it I had one hell of a boner going. Luckily I was facing the fairway and away from her and rest of the crowd. I had my hands down in front of my shorts and I could feel the hardness bugling outward. I was as horny as I'd ever been all week!
But then came the moment of truth when the next pair of golfers walked down the middle of fairway to hit their approach shots into the 18th green. I had a job to do, but how was I going to hide my obvious condition, especially when I had to raise my hands way over my head. Hell, I was going to practically present myself to this woman sitting no more than a few feet in front of me!
As I got ready to make the turn, I immediately had an idea...I feigned being overcome by the heat and humidity and fell to one knee before I raised my hands and called out, "Quiet Please!" I had found a way to defer to the boner in my shorts rather than put it on display for her and those nearby. I closed my eyes a second or two and hoped I could will it away. But instead I found at that new level of view I discovered how the thin strip of cloth sluiced between her taut cheeks and her bottom was totally exposed with her legs pulled up so tight. All that did was send more blood down to my already near fully erect manhood.
What was I to do now?
I tried to look away as the well-coiffed European golfer Robert Rock hit his approach shot. Not seeing it myself I knew it must have been good as the crowd, to include my very sexy lady friend, reacted with cheers and claps. Her clapping made her body shake, which only seemed to make her bottom scooch down a bit further, her ass cheeks being more exposed and her cameltoe being ever more visible.
I swear I was going to cum that very instant kneeling on the grass in front of her!
Now that both Rock and the bearded Lucas Glover began making their way to the green I could drop my hands and resume my post. Only there was no way I was going to stand with the raging hard-on pushing out my shorts. I continued to kneel there for a moment more knowing it would be at least a few minutes before the next twosome made it to my part of the fairway. I grabbed the bottle of water out of my little pack on the ground and swilled down what was left as I looked toward the green and tried to work the lust out of my mind and body. Only my weak body and eager cock took full control. My eyes darted subtly back toward my sexy tanned lady. She was engrossed in what was going on down with the golfers putting so she wasn't paying any attention at all to me. My focus immediately returned to what was under her skirt and what was so beautifully displayed for what I wanted to believe was just for me, her delicious pussy.
Damn!
It was then I swore I saw a small dark spot between those pink puffy lips. There was a distinct show of moisture seeping through her panties. Was she turned on by something? Was she hot for either Robert or Lucas and seeping her lust already?
Finally when the two professional golfers putt out I couldn't stand it anymore I did a very unprofessional thing. I called over to the marshal standing just down form me and told him I was feeling really faint and I needed to take a break. We had so many other volunteers by then one less wouldn't matter, so I picked up my pack, turned on my planted knee before I stood and holding it and my empty water bottle down in front of my shorts I trotted across the fairway to the opposite side.
As I made my way to the other rope line I remembered a spot I had taken refuge away from the heat a couple days earlier to eat my lunch. As my water bottle rubbed my erection each step I took, I also remembered thinking the spot could provide a nice place for a guy to spend a little time playing a little solo sex. I headed straight over to the one set of grandstands that sided the end of the 18th fairway and ducked under the green covering. As I made my way to the front side I retrieved the binoculars from my little carry bag. No sooner had I focused my sights across the fairway than I was able to easily find my upskirt fantasy woman.
So there I was, maybe thirty yards from my fantasy woman with a line of sight through the underside of the bleachers and over the heads of the golf officials between us. She sat there enjoying the golfing show put on by the last four or five twosomes, none the wiser to my stroking my hard cock for her. Yes, my khakis were unzipped and my hard seven and a half inches was pointed right in her direction. I had one hand on the binoculars and the other making a good fist to thrust my hard cock through. I didn't even need any slimy spit to make it a smooth jerk as I had so much pre-cum built up already that smeared over my extra hard, extra ready cock.
It was so incredible really. She sat there like she was my personal peep show and never lowered her legs or pulled the hem of her sundress down at all. I stroked and stroked, first feeling my cockhead running up and down over the thin crotch of her panties and feeling more and more her pussy juices soaking through. I knew I was with her only in my mind but I may as well have been really touching her the way I felt. Finally, I couldn't hold back any longer and I thrust into my fist, imaging that she had pulled her damp panties aside and I was having my way with her in the grassy rough of the 18th hole.
Her 'hole' felt sooooo good!
No sooner had I come to the point of no return than the crowd sent up a huge roar. The timing could not have been more perfect and as my woman of the moment jumped to her feet I joined her and the rest of the crowd screaming out loud...only I was calling out very hoarsely in my ultimate climax, bellowing as spurt after spurt, thick rope after thick rope shot out the tip of my hard, jerking cock.
When I had come down from my extreme high, I looked over toward my fantasy woman and saw she had gone. I looked down at the green and saw the young Rory McIlrory waving his hat to the crowd that was still cheering. As it turned out I had cum just as he had made his final putt to become the champion of the 2011 U.S Open.
To be honest I felt so much like a champion myself right then. Damn it had felt so good!
I looked back over across the fairway again, but by this time the photographers had mobbed the area between us and I couldn't really see much. I do know that beautiful lady and the upskirt experience she afforded me on this championship Sunday afternoon will stick with me for a very long time.
I zipped up my shorts and walked away, my cum still dripping from the metal rafters.