By Don Gordon
The story so far: I'm a 23-year old American who's just finishing up a one year work stint in Japan as an English lecturer in a small seaside college south of Tokyo. I was all set to go home to my girlfriend Elise, when suddenly one morning, one of my students, a cute 19 year old named Ai, gave me a playful peek up her skirt. Wonder of wonders, she had no panties on at the time, and it turns out that she's doing it to get me to stay another year in Japan. We've come pretty darn close to doing it a couple of times, most recently at her place with her parents nearby. Despite all this, I still plan to go back to the States, and I finally went to pick up my plane ticket.
With less than a week to go before my flight home, I was busily supervising and marking exams, getting packed and saying goodbye to everyone. I didn't see Ai at school, and I began to wonder where she'd disappeared to. Exams were on of course, so she was probably busy studying, but I was still surprised she didn't come looking for me. Maybe she's given up on me after all.
I was starting to think more and more about what I'd do once I got home, but then one day, I got called down to the dean's office.
"{As I guess you know, one of your students is walking around school in unseemly attire}."
My heart jumped into my mouth, as Ai immediately sprung to mind, wandering the halls without any panties on under her miniskirt.
"{Pardon?}" Caught completely off guard, my mind raced wondering how much he knew or guessed about my relationship with Ai.
"{Our school is not one to take these things lightly}."
"{I understand, sir}."
"{I was going to call her down to the office, but I thought you could talk to her first. You know her best of all, don't you?}."
"{I'm sorry?}" By this point, I thought the game was up. My secret dalliance was out of the bag, and everyone knew. Shocked, my mind went blank.
"{You are her homeroom teacher, are you not? Ms. Hoshino's?}"
Hoshino? Wait a second! Ai's last name is Isobe!
"{Well, talk to her, and see what you can do}."
I bowed, and left, immediately probing my memory for who Hoshino was. Suddenly, it came to me. Asuka! She was the one who'd talked Ai into flashing me in the first place. Someone must have spotted her walking around without her undies. Oh thank god it wasn't Ai.
Still now what was I going to do? The one person in the school who did know about my relationship with Ai was Asuka. Asuka can smile at you with this innocent grin, but every once in a while, she'd get this catty gleam in her eye. I couldn't help feeling there was a hint of danger there--a bit of leather mixed in with the ribbons and lace, if you will. She kept watching me with this knowing look, but it didn't seem to me like she was trying to protect Ai from my baser urges. I couldn't help feeling there was this air of condescension in her gaze, as if she thought that Ai and I had messed things up, but she, on the other hand, knew how to do it right.
It didn't take long for me to find her. I caught her walking down the corridor holding her books clasped in front of her.
"Um... Ms. Hoshino!"
She quickly twirled to face me. She seemed surprised to find me calling her, but once I motioned for her to go in to my classroom, she quickly obeyed. Not wanting an audience, I followed her in, and shut the door. She looked vaguely nervous to be called in like this. I tried to gather my thoughts, for some reason intimidated by this mischievous sprite.
"I heard this from the dean, but..."
She narrowed her eyes to the slightest of slivers. I wondered if she was angry about something... or maybe it was just nervousness.
"That outfit won't do..."
"{You are going back to the States, aren't you?}" she noted coolly, ignoring what I was saying completely.
"The dean does not think that this..."
"{Why are you going back?}"
Put off by the accusing nature of her questions, I turned, and looked out the window. She obviously knew quite a bit about what had gone on between Ai and myself, how Ai had been trying to get me to stay. Doubtless, she had suggested Ai's whole teasing tack. I couldn't decide whether I should feel grateful or not. I had enjoyed it, sure, but I had a whole life back home waiting for me. I glanced back at Asuka, but she had furrowed her eyebrows into a deep grimace. I stood up, and walked to the window. This is crazy. What right does she have to be angry at me? I haven't done anything wrong. Ai was the one who initiated everything. She knew about Elise. She knew I planned to go home. I'd never lied to her.
I thought back over the last few weeks: Ai taking care of me when I was sick, our fooling around by the temple in the rain, staying over at her house, the heated passion of that night. The memories were all sweet. I would cherish them, but now it had to end. Ai and Asuka had to understand that.
"{Mr. Gordon, I have a favor to ask. After school, I'm heading home with Ai. Could you join us, at least for a little while?}"
Hoshino was not a bad sort. She was just looking out for her friend. Ai and I had been avoiding each other, but Hoshino was determined to play matchmaker. I turned back to her, and slowly nodded. Her face suddenly brightened.
"{OK, we'll wait for you at the station}." She opened the door, and ran off before I could stop her. Hey, wait a second. I hadn't even got her to promise to put some panties on or whatever it was she'd got caught doing. Oh well, I guess I can explain it to her on the way home.
After school, I walked out to the station, and found the two of them waiting by the turnstiles. Ai looked at me with those riveting eyes, her soft lips parted, perhaps having found out that I'd picked up my plane ticket. Asuka was peering at me too, but with more of a look of defiance. Ai was her friend, and she wasn't about to give up, no matter what. The two of them do look vaguely similar, catlike eyes, cute noses, alluring lips, creamy white skin, dressed in skater dresses with flared skirts. Ai is perhaps the more beautiful, with Asuka having more of a cartoonish quality, a bit of a comedienne.
I was about to go up, and talk to them, but there were a lot of students from our college around, so I hung back. Asuka nodded, and then gestured that they were going into the station. They bought tickets, and I followed them at a safe distance. It probably wouldn't have seemed all that strange if I'd gone up, and started talking to them, but in Japan, there always seemed to be this reticence to do things like that. Maybe I've become more Japanized than I thought.
We stood a few paces apart on the platform until the train came, and we got on the same car along with a few other students. Still, a bit anxious not to be seen together, I sat down, while the two of them stood in the alcove by the doors between the two sets of seats opposite where I was sitting. Asuka was looking around at the other people on the train, and Ai stood facing the window with her back to me. Her white dress left her arms and shoulders bare, the hem of her skirt billowing out drawing attention to her beautiful bare thighs. All the other students seemed more or less absorbed in their conversations and not paying much attention to us.
Asuka took out her smartphone, and started tapping out a message with her thumbs, while Ai continued to stare out the window. Eventually, I turned away, and started thinking about the exams I had to mark and other things I had to do before I left.
When I came out of my reverie, I noticed that Asuka had slid down into a squatting pose as she continued to thumb away on her phone. In the States, people don't squat much, but here even girls in skirts will sit like that from time to time. Usually, they don't mean anything by it, but I, and I assume other men too, cannot help but find our eyes drawn to what lies within their skirts. Asuka was sitting at an angle to me, so mostly what I could see were her bare legs, but I thought I could just make out a few strands of black pubic hair sticking out from between her silky thighs.
So this was the unseemly attire that the principal had been talking about. How had he found out, I wonder? Did he or one of his secretaries spot her in a moment of weakness climbing the stairs? I really should tell her to stop, but despite my best intentions, I was beginning to feel a familiar tingling deep down in my loins. The pink flesh of Asuka's lovely thighs looked so supple and soft they reminded me of Ai's own heavenly body, actually.
Asuka's eyes flashed in my direction. I quickly turned away, but she obviously knew I'd been staring at her. She turned a bit more to the side trying to hide her pussy from my view, and soon went back to tapping on the phone as if there was nothing strange at all about running around commando. A few minutes later, she reached up, and shook Ai's arm pulling her down to look at something on the screen.
Ai hesitated as she realized I was watching, but Asuka whispered something I couldn't quite catch. Ai looked up at me, almost fearfully, but soon reluctantly gave in to the pull of Asuka's hand. Gazing around nervously at the rest of the car, Ai slowly slid down next to Asuka. Ai's legs drifted apart giving me a look at her luscious pussy. My cock stiffened, as my eyes focused in on her, but her sense of modesty soon kicked in, and she pressed her legs tightly together hiding her exposed twat. I could still see the curve of her bare behind, but she kept her legs locked together, quivering nervously, ashamed by her own immodest pose.
My heart sped up, as the fear that she might get caught, mixed with the excitement of seeing her naked in such a vulnerable position. I was starting to want her again. My common sense began to evaporate into thin air. As much as I hated to admit it, I was beginning to love the voyeuristic thrill of seeing poor innocent Ai placing herself in these highly embarrassing situations.
The tension was becoming overwhelming, but then a guy, perhaps from another school, came barreling down the aisle. Ai stood up like a shot, terrified that she might be caught with her panties down as it were. The more practiced Asuka skillfully shifted her legs to the side successfully avoiding his gaze. This close call had clearly shaken Ai up, and she returned to her vigil gazing out the window, until Asuka called her to look at whatever she was doing on her phone. Ai looked back at me, and then slunk back down into her unladylike squat. She slowly came to terms with her embarrassment, and pretending to be concentrating on the phone, let her legs spread apart, giving me an unobstructed view of her pussy. The sunlight streaming in through the windows would roll across her outstretched thighs, highlighting her glistening red pussy lips below a tuft of black pubic hair. I had to adjust my pants as my erection was becoming quite pressing.
Another man approached, but this time Ai just closed her legs, and waited for him to pass. Once he was gone, she spread her legs again even wider, a playful grin on her lips, seemingly enjoying the thrill of flashing me on the busy train.
The train slowed down, and people stood up getting ready to get off, so both Ai and Asuka straightened up, and brushed down their skirts. The two of them nodded to me signaling that they were going to get off, so I stood up, and lined up behind them. The station we were pulling into is one of the largest in the area, a major transfer point for people heading north to Tokyo. There were hundreds of people standing on the platform, and I gazed down at Asuka and Ai's short skirts worrying that someone might divine their secret. They both seemed nervous too, as if they'd never done this before. This show of daring must be for my benefit, but why risk it? If someone spotted them, they might call the police for all I knew.
The train stopped, and we all got off, pushed along by the crowd. The two of them stopped at the bottom of the stairs waiting for the other people to go up first. We all looked at each other anxiously, wondering how they would be able to get up the steep stairwell without someone seeing up their skirts. Once the crowd had cleared a bit, they let their backpacks hang down at the back, so their cute bottoms would get at least some cover. I ran interference for them at the bottom of their stairs, as they ran up, their skirts bouncing up really providing very little protection indeed. One guy standing not far from me got a pretty good look at their bare behinds. He rubbed his eyes in disbelief, but made no move to follow, so I just ran up after them to make sure they were OK.
They kept moving pretty quickly, out the turnstiles and up another set of stairs. Asuka didn't even bother to hide her cute ass this time as she scrambled up to the top. I ran up after them, but my growing erection was making it hard to move too quickly. I finally caught up with them at the lights in front of the station.
"{We both have exams tomorrow, so we'd better go soon, but how about we just stop in a coffee shop for a minute?}" Asuka pointed to one on the opposite side of the intersection. I smiled, and nodded, my heart still thumping away from having witnessed their show back there.
The light turned green, and as we crossed, I realized that Asuka had been pointing to a coffee shop on the second floor. The front was all glass, and a lot of the customers were sitting at a counter looking out over the intersection. You could see all the girls' legs under the counter from the street. Surely, she wasn't planning on sitting there. The people in the intersection would surely notice.
Ai slowed down, so she could walk beside me, as Asuka rushed on ahead.
"Asuka always want to try this, but usually too dangerous. You protect us, right?"
Oh Jesus, don't tell me this was all a set up to get me to play bodyguard for Asuka's exhibitionist fantasies.
"The dean told me to get her to put on some panties."
"OK, OK. Promise, but this time help us, OK? Asuka's dream, you know."
Her dream is to sit, and flash her tender young pussy at a huge busy intersection? Good lord, this girl needs help.
Before I knew it though the three of us were sitting at that very same counter staring out at the street, me in the middle, Asuka and Ai on either side. At least, they both seemed to be keeping their legs together, but with all the people passing by below, I was finding the whole thing a bit unnerving. To make matters worse, there seemed to be a police box on the far side of the intersection. Let's hope they can't see this far. The last thing I need is to be arrested the week before I go home.
Asuka set one elbow on the counter, and turned to face me.
"{Hey, Donny, tell us, what's the U.S. like anyway?}"
I rolled my eyes at the cheek of this demoness. Fortunately, she did seem to be behaving herself so far, with her legs tilted demurely to the side, but quite a few of the guys below looked up at Asuka and Ai's legs as they passed by.
"As I started to tell you earlier, the dean knows you've been running around without your panties."
"{What are you going to do? Spank me?}" She reached around, and threatened to lift up her skirt at the back, and flash her bare behind to the whole cafe. I held my breath, but ultimately, she just let the skirt fall back down.
"{Anyway, don't be so serious. The three of us are all the same, aren't we?}"
I drew back, a bit frightened by what she might mean.
"{Oh, I didn't mean anything by that. It's just that you seem to like this sort of thing, don't you?}"
I looked over at Ai, who was just sitting there calmly sipping on her tea. I felt a bit trapped, but as far as I could tell, Asuka was just trying to get me to forget about what the dean had told me to do. I decided to change the subject.
"Well, anyway, what were you asking? Oh, the U.S. I guess you could say it's not quite the same as Japan."
"{I bet they don't have anyone there like Ai}." Asuka gave me a big knowing smile. Ai immediately reached past me to swat Asuka on the shoulder, but as Ai did that, her legs spread apart. Before anyone below caught a glimpse of her pussy, I quickly grabbed her thigh, and pushed her legs back together. My heart was pounding away, and the feeling of her soft flesh gave another shot of energy to my stiffening willy. I withdrew my hand, and Ai shyly fixed her skirt.
"{See! The two of you make a great couple}," Asuka grinned. "{What do you want to go back to the States for anyway?}"
I looked over at Ai, who was gazing down into her cup of tea. I didn't know what to say, what to tell her. I'd thought of staying, but somehow it just didn't seem like the right thing to do. I like Ai. I like her very much. But somehow...
"{Anyway, think about it. We have to get going. See you}." Asuka drained her cup, and then started moving toward the door. Ai stood up as well, and backed away. Just as I thought they were going to leave, Asuka ran back, and gave me a kiss on the cheek.
"{Thanks for being our bodyguard}." She flipped her skirt up flashing me her neatly trimmed bush, and then ran off down the escalator. I stared out at the crowd wondering if anyone had seen her, but no one seemed to have noticed, thank god. I continued to look down waiting, but I didn't see the two of them come out of the building. They must have gone off to a washroom somewhere to put their panties back on. Of all the crazy stunts! I rubbed my cheek where Asuka had kissed me. Japan was a strange place indeed.
I woke up Friday morning in a mixed mood. This was the last day of exams, and tomorrow, I'm going home, back to the U.S. to my family, friends and Elise. I know that this is the right thing to do, but for some reason, I can't shake this feeling of regret. I keep telling myself the feeling will go away, but every time I do, the image of Ai will pop back into my head, and I'm not so sure anymore.
Just before I headed out the door, I fired up my computer, and checked my email. I got a short note from my friend Ralph back in the States.
"Finally decided to head over there. Planning to arrive March 25th. See you then."
I just looked at the message, and laughed. Jeez, I thought I told him I was going back. Anyway, I'll have to ask someone at the office if they can help him get set up. I shut down the computer, and headed out to work.
The morning exam flew by as I scrambled to finish up my marking. Ai was writing the last exam in the afternoon. After lunch, my students start filing in to the exam hall, trudging up the stairs to their seats. Asuka came in, her hair dyed dark red, her eyelashes spiked out like a clown. She shot me a sideways glance before sitting down to get ready for the test. The image of her cute bush, a neatly trimmed triangle of lustrous black pubic hair, popped into my mind's eye. Why'd she have to go flash me in the coffee shop the other day? I rubbed my cheek where she had kissed me, and sighed. As if I don't have enough problems already.
Ai came in, beautiful as ever, but her eyes were red and puffy. She was dress in a dark navy long-sleeved blouse and miniskirt, like someone from an old photo from the Showa era. She walked up the stairs to the last row of desks right at the back, and took her place in the corner near the window. Why is she sitting so far away for heaven's sake? I know she's angry with me for leaving, but what else can I do? I don't belong here. This is not my home. I have a whole life waiting for me back in the States. Surely she must understand that. She just stared down grimly at her desk.
I passed out the exams. Keitaro took about half the pile from me, and helped me pass them out. The minute hand on the clock reached one thirty, and I told them to start. I sat back down at the front, and looked out at my students for the last time. They all had their eyes on the test, and at the back, I could see Ai writing furiously away. I took out the exams from that morning, and started marking them.
About half way through the test, I looked up for a moment just to check that no one was cheating. They all seemed hard at work. My eyes drifted up towards Ai in the back corner. She looked different. Suddenly, I realized she'd undone the buttons on her blouse, and I could see the cleavage between her breasts. She was still writing away furiously, but her breasts jiggled back and forth as she wrote. I began to worry that some of the other students might notice, but everyone still had their heads down. If the principal walks by, and sees her like that, I'm bound to get an earful. I'd better go get her to do her blouse back up.
I picked up a pad of paper and a pencil, and walked up the stairs to the back of the hall where she was sitting. As I came closer, Ai deliberately leaned forward causing her blouse to fall open further. She had on a slender gold necklace wrapped around her collar, and that was the only thing keeping the two sides of her blouse together. From where I was standing, I could see her tits well enough, and they looked as tantalizing as ever. God, how can she sit like that with her gorgeous tits on display for the whole class to see? She straightened up, and looked at me, acting as if nothing was wrong. I scribbled out a note on my pad, and showed it to her.
'Do up your blouse.'
She shook her head, her tits bouncing back and forth, and then went back to working on the test. Her eyes were still all red and moist with tears. This strange mix of sadness and lust tore at my heart. I glanced down at her test paper. She'd written pages and pages in just forty-five minutes. As I looked at it more closely, I realized it was more a letter to me, than answers to the actual questions. I didn't have to read it to know what it said. I'm sorry, Ai. I'm really sorry, but I have to leave. Please understand.
Out of the corner of my eye, I caught a student stretching at the front, and my mind came back to the reality of the class. I thought for a sec how to say 'do up your blouse' in Japanese, and then wrote it out.
'Burausu wo naoshite.'
Ai gave me a little smirk this time, and leaned forward to write something on my pad. Her tits dangled invitingly as she wrote out,
'No way!'
I thought of doing up her blouse myself, but that would not look good if she resisted, and people turned around, and saw. I wrote again:
'Please!'
She stopped writing, and looked up at me curiously. She looked down at the other students, but they all had their heads down hunched over their desks. She straightened up, but instead of doing up her blouse, she started to undo the zipper at the side of her skirt. What the hell does she think she's doing? She lifted her rear off the seat, and slid her skirt down her legs letting it drop to her ankles.
Worse still, she wasn't wearing anything underneath. My eyes focused in on her well-groomed pussy. She was holding her legs close together doubtless in embarrassment, but I could still see her pubic hair clearly in the bright light of the sun streaming in through the windows. She leaned forward to pick up her skirt, but nervous, she lost her grip, and it slid down into the next row of desks. I was half panicking by then wondering when one of the other students would turn around, and see me standing next to the now almost naked Ai.
Ai looked pretty scared too, but she quietly slid off her chair, and crouched down on all fours, her cute rear end high in the air, trying to reach her skirt. I moved around behind her, and the vixen spread her legs just to give me a better look at her pussy. Her clam-like labia glistened wet, and further in I could see the hood of her clit. I could feel my willy going stiff. In a daze, I reached out to touch her. I wanted so much to slide my rock hard cock into that inviting pussy of hers to ease these endless weeks of building sexual tension. Then, with an effort, I managed to focus back in on the classroom and the exam. I drew a deep breath, and struggled to contain my feelings. Ai was tilting her ass this way and that, deliberately teasing me even as she struggled to grab her skirt.
I quietly moved down to the next row of desks, and picked up Ai's skirt trying not to be seen by any of the other students. I handed it to her, and she stuffed it in her desk, still naked from the waist down with this look of shy embarrassment on her face. I clasped my hands together begging her to get dressed, but she just sat there blushing as she spread her legs to show me her pussy. She pushed her chair back, and I thought she was about to stand up, and flash the whole class. I put my hands on her shoulders to keep her down, but I honestly believe she would have stood up if it hadn't been for the sudden appearance of the dean at the front door.
Luckily, I saw him before he noticed me, and I ran back down to the front of the class. He looked suspiciously up at Ms. Hoshino, Asuka, the one he thought went around in "unseemly attire." Ai had quickly straightened out her blouse, so at least you couldn't see her tits anymore, but I was still panicking that he might come into exam hall, and see her. I motioned for him to move out into the hall praying he hadn't noticed the way Ai was blushing. I straightened my pants to hide my erection, and followed him out into the hall.
"{So you've decided to go back to the States?}"
It took a moment for his words to sink in. How on earth had he found out? I guess someone in the office had overheard me talking to my travel agent, and I'd been handing in my marks much earlier than normal, so maybe that was it.
"{Yes, yes, I have}."
"{That's really too bad. You're pretty popular as a teacher}."
I scanned his face for a hint of sarcasm, but found none. Thank god, he doesn't know about this whole business with Ai. He might not be so keen on me then.
"{Yeah well, it's been great, but there are things I have to do...}"
"{Anyway, before you leave, come by, and see me}."
"{Oh OK}."
"{See you later then}."
I bowed my thanks, and watched him walk off. My heart was still pounding from the close call. I was a bit surprised too that he seemed so sad to see me go. Once he was out of sight, I went back into the class. Keitaro, Asuka, Ai and a few others were staring at me, evidently having overheard our conversation. Ai looked like she was going to cry again, but at least she'd pulled her blouse back shut. Keitaro and some of the others didn't look too happy either. I motioned for them to get on with the test, and then slumped back down into my chair. Ai finally did up her blouse, and was no longer looking this way.
When it came time to hand the tests in, I tensed to see what Ai would do, but when she stood up, she had her skirt back on. She must have slipped it on, while I was out in the hall with the dean. Keitaro and my other 'fans' flocked around me, and I had no time to stop Ai before she stormed out. Thank god no one had noticed her. It was all my fault that she keeps doing these things. I should have stopped her right at the start. After I'd talked with my fans for a while, I said my goodbyes, and retreated to the staff room to finish the rest of my marking.
Ai's test turned out to be one long love letter, talking about my kindness, and how much she'd miss me. I gave her an 'A,' and packed it away in my briefcase before any of the other teachers noticed.
To be continued in Year Away in Japan 7
Don Gordon