Chapter 19 - Frank
"Tom. What did you mean, we have to talk?" Jessica demanded to know when she slid into the passenger seat alongside her husband.
"Exactly that." He stared out of the windscreen and didn't turn towards her.
"Please baby you're... you're scaring me."
"Now you know what it feels like." His retort was brusque to the point of rudeness.
Sitting staring at him Jess could feel her stomach tighten into a knot as she imagined the worst, "Please Tom... I love you. I don't want to lose you."
"But you still want the sex, don't you? With him." He snapped and started the car, pulling out into the traffic and heading off towards Frank Harwood's house.
Jessica stared miserably out of the window unable to refute what her husband had just said. She desperately wanted to stay married to the man she loved but she knew, in her heart, she also wanted the excitement of the illicit sex she had come to enjoy over the past weeks.
The remainder of the drive passed in complete silence, Jess in a state of utter conflict, worrying that her marriage might be over and yet finding herself starting to get wet at the thought of Frank fucking her.
'What is wrong with me?'
'It's just sex, I don't need anyone else.'
'I can't lose Tom, I just can't.'
Her mind was a welter of thoughts and emotions and she was jerked back to the present moment when they pulled into Frank's driveway, her husband stopping the car outside the front doors.
"Tom... please... I love you... please don't do this.... Please."
She turned towards her husband who stared straight ahead out of the windscreen and made one last plea to him.
"We better go, you don't want to keep your lover waiting." His voice was cold and distant.
"He's not my lover." She snapped back angrily, "I'm doing this to ensure you can send the bastard to prison."
"And you get your scoop. Don't forget that."
Jessica glared at her husband, her eyes blazing.
"I'm going to say this once and once only." Jess stated forcefully, "I love you and I want us to stay together.
"Yes, I'll enjoy the sex tonight but not the man who is fucking me. I'm sorry you feel the way you do but when we started out on this, we agreed we would be honest with each other and I've tried to do that."
Tom simply continued to stare out of the car window as she spoke and didn't move.
"If this is the end of us and our marriage then it's down to you. If, after all we've said to each other, you now can't handle me getting fucked and cumming on another man's cock then there's nothing else I can say or do."
She paused for a moment looking at him then, unfastening her seat belt, she went to open the car door.
"So, I guess that's it then? We're done?" Despite everything, she could feel the tears welling up in her eyes.
"Jess."
Turning back towards her husband Jessica paused waiting to see if he said more.
"I... I'm sorry. It's just I'm so scared of losing you and I don't know how to cope with... with this, with you enjoying the sex."
With a sudden feeling of relief Jess flung her arms around her husband's neck.
"Oh baby... I'm sorry to. I've been selfish, thinking about myself and how it's making me feel. You're right we do have to talk and I promise I'll think about you from now on.
"But now we need to get tonight over and done with. We can't let him get suspicious after everything we've done."
She kissed him briefly and then looked directly into his eyes.
"Yeah, you're right. But after tonight it's all over and done with." Tom gave her a weak smile.
With their last-minute discussion over, they both slipped out of the car so he could escort his wife up the steps to the entrance.
Frank answered the door on their second ring and, after kissing his wife on the cheek, Tom went to turn away.
"Come on in Tom, have dinner with us before you go." Frank grabbed his arm and, sneeringly pulled him back.
Looking helplessly at his wife Tom reluctantly allowed himself to be led into the house to whatever humiliation the gang's leader wanted to heap on him.
The dinner was an almost silent affair for both Tom and Jessica. She stared into her food while her husband glared morosely between her and Frank.
Tom had just put down his cutlery when the gang boss spoke, "You know you'll have to get used to driving Jessica to her clients Tom, and picking her up in the morning. I expect her to be very busy."
"Will I?" Listening to him Tom wanted to punch the arrogant prick in the face.
"Of course. She already has appointments on Thursday and Friday night. She's going to be very popular. And when she's not working... well I'll be wanting her."
"I.... what... who with...." Jessica looked up and spluttered as she heard her fate being discussed without her consent.
"Two of my business associates, they were both at the party and thought your tape most interesting."
Jess blushed and switched her gaze back to her plate again.
"But tonight, your mine Jessica, so why don't you take that dress off and come and sit on my lap."
For just a moment she hesitated, glancing apprehensively over at her husband before slowly getting to her feet. Reaching up her back she drew her zipper all the way down, shrugging the thin straps off her shoulders before wriggling the tight dress down and letting it puddle around her feet.
Scooping it up Jess laid it across her chair and then, without looking at Tom, she slid onto Franks lap, her feelings torn between her husband's misery and her need for the taboo sex she craved. Grinning, the older gang boss wrapped an arm about Jessica's waist and pulled her against him while his other hand reached for her tit, crudely groping it and roughly pinching the half-swollen nipple.
"Ahhhh... fuck!" She gasped softly as she felt the tingling radiate out from the abused nub.
Squirming on his lap Jess could feel his growing arousal against her bottom and leaned in to kiss him, letting her mouth find his, their tongues quickly playing. She was aware of her husband, across the table, watching her and she knew how much her actions were hurting him but she had no choice, she couldn't let Frank Harwood get suspicious.
Twisting out of his grasp Jessica slid off his lap and onto her knees, her fingers reaching for his zip.
"That's a good girl." He smirked at Tom as he spoke to her.
Opening his pants Jess freed his dick into her hand, her slender fingers wrapping around it as she started to pump her fist along its length while he leant back in his chair. Caressing his shaft, she looked up at the abhorrent gangster, hating him while at the same time needing him to fuck her.
"Ahhhh shit.... suck it, you dirty little whore." Frank groaned when she flicked her tongue around the head of his engorged manhood, drooling her spit over it, before slipping her mouth onto his prick.
"Gurrrggggg.... Guuurrrrggggggg.... Guuuurrrrrggggggggggggg!"
Bobbing her head, blonde hair falling across her face, Jessica started to suck on the cock in her mouth. Sliding her lips up and down on his throbbing length, taking it down until his cockhead hit the back of her throat.
"Oh fuck.... yeah.... deeper sweetheart, deeper."
"Guuuuuurrrkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk."
Gagging, Jess forced her red lips down to the root of his erection, the swollen head lodging in her throat, her hands pressing against his thighs as she struggled to breathe through her nose
Across the table Tom could only watch miserably, knowing he had to wait until tomorrow for his revenge, as Jessica orally pleasured the odious gangland boss.
"Gurrrrrrrgggggggg.... Guuurrrggggggggg..... Guuurrggggggggggg!"
Slurping greedily Jess went back to sucking his manhood, taking the head down her throat and then sliding her red lips up so she could suckle on the head.
"Fuck... your wife certainly knows how to suck cock." Frank sighed softly his erection buried in her mouth.
He let her continue for a minute or two more before grabbing her hair and yanking her back off of him so his shaft came out from between her lips with a soft pop.
"Time to give up that pussy again darlin." His leering smirk made her want to slap him.
Jessica stood up and looked forlornly at her husband as her fingers hooked in her panties and she slid them down her stockinged legs, untangling them from around her shoes. Naked now, apart from her nylons, she turned to Frank for direction.
"Bend over the table." He ordered her succinctly.
She felt her pussy flooding with her juices as she anticipated what was about to happen and leant forward on her arms, spreading her feet apart and trying to avoid her husband's eyes.
Licking her lips, she held her breath for a moment, as Frank moved behind her and rubbed the head of his sizeable cock between her outer lips, teasing her entrance.
"Tell your husband what you want babe."
"I... I want you to... to fuck me." Jess bit her lower lip, her breathing becoming ragged as she awaited what was about to come.
Grasping her hips, Frank slowly pushed his distended prick into her wet slit, splitting her labia apart and stretching her hole wide open as he filled her, inch by hard inch.
"Oh... my... fucking God.... it feels so big." Jessica moaned, her eyes opening even wider as he sheathed his length inside her.
Pulling back Frank thrust in again, forcing her up onto her toes, his cockhead butting her cervix.
"Oh shit.... oh fuck... go slow!" All she could do was groan, her muscles clenching trying grip his rampant shaft.
Quickly settling into a steady rhythm Frank began to fuck her, his hips slapping against her rounded backside every time he drove his cock home. Clinging to his erection Jessica's nether lips caressed it increasing his pleasure with every stroke he made.
"Yes, yes.... Oh fuck.... Fuck yes... oh God, oh fuck."
Unable to stop herself Jess started to squeal louder, pushing back against the hard prick that was creating blissful sensations in her core every time it plunged into her juicy slit. Behind her Frank was gasping breathlessly as he pistoned deeper and deeper, one hand under her, groping her jiggling breasts while the other took a hold of her hair, yanking her head back to expose her slender neck.
Her husband was virtually forgotten as she gave herself to the ecstasy that was building rapidly inside her and radiating out from her pussy.
"Oh God... don't stop.... please don't.... stop.... I'm...."
Helpless to resist what he was doing to her Jess started to moan louder, her fingers gripping the table as she was lifted bodily every time Frank slammed his hard cock into her.
Then, without warning, her whole body shuddered violently as she came, her climax as intense as any she had experienced over the last few days.
"I'm... Cummmmmiinnggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!"
"Good girl!" Frank sneered, as she spasmed on his erection, her cunt muscles clenching around his rigid tool.
"Please..." She whimpered.
Ignoring her cries, he waited until the ripples of her orgasm began to fade and then began to slowly thrust deeply into her again, his manhood glistening with the juices that now flowed freely from Jess's pussy.
Jessica started to moan again as the embers of her first climax were fanned towards an inferno by Frank gradually increasing the speed of his strokes, his hard meat fucking into her relentlessly.
Slap!
"Oh fuck!"
Slap!
"Oh God... yes, yes!"
Slap!
"Oh shit I'm gonna cum again!"
Slap!
"Cum for me, Jess! Do it, cum for me!"
Frank's guttural moan was merciless just like his brutal thrusts.
"Cummmmmmiiinngggggggggggggggggggggggggggggggg!"
Jessica shrieked as her second orgasm broke over her.
Bent over the table dressed only in her black hold-ups and heels she was being fucked senseless. Her fingers clutching at the edge, knuckles whitening, as her body shuddered with pleasure.
As she came for the second time Frank redoubled his efforts, slamming into Jess a half a dozen more times before his buttocks clenched and his body went into a series of uncontrolled spasms.
"Ahhhhhhhhhhhh..... fuckkkkkkkkkkk!" With a loud triumphant moan, he finally began to cum, pumping his seed into Jessica's pussy.
Collapsing across her back he jerked randomly, squirting out the last dregs of his sperm before pushing himself upright and easing his glistening cock out of her.
Jess remained motionless, laying across the table with her legs spread wide as Frank's cum oozed out of her gaping slit and ran down her thigh onto her stocking tops.
"You can come back tomorrow and collect your wife when I've finished with her. Just don't make it to early or I'll still be fucking her when you get here." The gang boss laughed cruelly, his lips twisting into a sneer of contempt.
'You'll be seeing me a lot earlier than you think arsehole.'
Barely holding his temper in check Tom contented himself with the one thought as he pushed up from his chair to go.
Hearing him move Jessica looked up with an expression of hopeless resignation.
'I love you.' she mouthed silently as he turned away without a smile.
Smirking Frank continued talking to his back as he walked out of the door, "Best get used to it sucker, you'll be doing it a lot, your old lady's gonna be real popular."
During the thirty-minute drive home he tried to put any thoughts about what Frank was doing with his wife out of his mind and concentrate on what the morning would bring but, to his misery, it proved impossible.
Chapter 20 - Lisa
No sooner had he got in the door than, desperate for a drink, Tom was opening a bottle and pouring himself a whiskey.
'It would all be over tomorrow.'
'Are they fucking again?'
'How many times will he make her cum?'
As much as he tried, he couldn't get the images of Frank fucking his wife out of his mind.
Slumping miserably onto the sofa he had just taken the first mouthful from his glass when there was a loud knocking at the front door.
'Who the fuck can that be?'
The thought went through his head as pushing himself up he went to open the door, wondering just who would be calling this late on a Sunday.
"What do...."
He stopped mid-sentence when he found Lisa Barnes standing outside.
"Ok! What the fuck is going on Tom?"
She barged past him, going straight into the living room before turning to stare angrily into his eyes.
"Nothing is going on Lisa."
"Don't bullshit me, Tom Whitby. I was outside Harwood's place. I saw you arrive with Jess all dressed up to the nines and then you leave by yourself a while later."
He gaped at her, "You were observing him."
"The governor's idea. He wanted him watched in case he tried to make a run for it."
"Oh." Was all he could say as he slumped back on the sofa.
Lisa sat down next to him, "Jess is with him, isn't she? That's how you got the information?"
Miserably he nodded and slowly he started to recount most of what they had been doing, leaving out the sordid details of the other men she had slept with.
Lisa listened without interrupting until Tom had finished.
"And she's in bed with him now?"
He nodded unhappily and the petite brunette wrapped her arms around him, holding him against her, his head resting on her firm breasts.
That was when it happened.
As they moved apart, they both paused, looking into each other's eyes, and then they kissed. Gently at first but with increasing fervour, their arms around each other as their tongues probed and played together.
"Lis I.... I..."
She put a finger to his lips, "I want you, Tom. I've wanted you ever since I joined the station and tonight... tonight you need this."
"But Jessica, she's...."
"Right now, she's in another man's bed doing what she has to do. I'm sure she wouldn't begrudge you the same."
They stared at each other for a moment, Tom clearly torn between his feelings for his wife and his desire for the pretty girl in front of him.
"I know you love her Tom, and she loves you. I don't expect you to leave her but I'm here for you and I want you." Lisa continued, biting her bottom lip coyly.
It was enough to tip him over the edge and he pulled her against him kissing her again as his fingers sought the bottom of her t-shirt, drawing it up over her head.
Tearing at the other's clothing between frantic kisses they started to strip each other; Tom's shirt was next, then Lisa's bra came off to reveal her perky breasts topped by hard dark pink nipples.
Sliding down her body his mouth found her tits, suckling hungrily on the sensitive buds as he fumbled at her jeans.
"Hurry.... Please Tom... hurry."
Her voice was filled with an urgent need as he drew her bottoms down, taking her panties along with them, leaving her naked. His mouth following his hands as he kissed down her stomach to her slender thighs.
"Oh fuck.... fuck.... please.... I want you inside me!"
Lisa gasped out loud as Tom nipped and licked the soft flesh at the top of her legs, pushing them apart and drawing in the musky scent of her wet sex.
Grabbing his hair, she forced his mouth up to her pussy, grinding his lips against her so his tongue could dart out to lick along her dripping slit.
"Oh yes... yes... yesssssssssssssssss!" Her shriek of delight when he found her clit echoed through the room.
Clamping her thighs tightly around his head Lisa bucked and writhed in ecstasy as Tom hungrily devoured her sex, lapping up the juices that flooded out of her. Barely able to breathe the only sounds he could make were muffled and incoherent as he drove Lisa towards her climax.
"Murrrmmmmm.... Uurrrmmmmmmmm!"
Closing her eyes her whole body spasmed and then tensed as wave after wave of ecstasy flooded through her.
"Oh fuck... Tom... Oh God... I'm cummmmmiinngggggggggggg!"
He let her buck on his tongue, slowly bringing her down from her orgasmic high until she collapsed against the sofa, her chest heaving, and released her grip on him.
"Fucking hell Tom...... that was something else."
Lisa wrapped her arms about his neck as he moved up her body, pulling his mouth down to hers in a long deep kiss, allowing her to taste herself on his lips. With his hard meat standing out like a spear ready to impale her, he nudged the swollen crown between her pink moist labia so that it pressed into her entrance.
"Fuck me.... please fuck me Tom, I want you inside me." She whispered huskily, staring into his eyes.
Slowly he entered her, enjoying her tightness as his thick hard shaft split her open as it slid up into her inch by inch until he was fully sheathed inside her. Drawing back half way out he then thrust in again and started to fuck Lisa with an urgent rhythm, their hips slapping together as she bucked up to meet every deep stroke, he made into her.
"Shit Lis you're so bloody tight."
"Maybe you're just bloody big."
Wriggling under him, she giggled, her legs wrapped around his as she enjoyed the feeling of fullness.
Again and again, he hammered his hard meat into her compliant form, her labia forming a soft cushion around his girth to caress the pulsing shaft as is slid in and out of her.
"Oh God, I'm gonna cum... Oh Tom... come with me, cum in me."
Clinging to him, her breasts crushed against his chest, Lisa lost control for a moment and convulsed violently as she came for the second time, a surge of sheer pleasure filling her.
"Oh.... shit.... shit.... I'm... cummingggggggggggggggggggggg!" She squealed so loudly he was sure that old Rob down the hallway must have heard her.
"Unhhhh.... Unhhhhhhhhhhh... Aaaahhhhhhhhh!"
Burying his length inside her one final time Tom came with her just as she wanted, his dick pulsing against her sensitive vaginal walls as he spurted rope after rope of his seed into her womb.
Taking his weight on his arms he pushed himself up and stared down at the slender girl beneath him, gazing into her eyes when she eventually opened them.
"I guess you know how I feel about you now Tom." Her whisper was barely audible.
"But Jessica, I... I... couldn't...."
She giggled sexily, "It's ok I know you love her and she loves you. You're never going to leave her."
"I'm not sure she's going to understand this though."
Lisa pulled his mouth to hers and kissed him, "Silly. She knows exactly how I feel about you."
"She does?" He exclaimed in surprise.
"What do you think all those whispered conversations are about whenever I see her."
"Shit!" Was all he could think of to say.
"Now..." She started to wriggle out from under him, "Let me go and get cleaned up and then you can take me to bed."
Ten minutes later Tom lay back on his bedcovers watching as a totally nude Lisa posed in the bedroom doorway.
"Ready for me lover?" She batted her eyelashes and advanced on him.
He chuckled, "I might need a bit of help."
She leant over and pressed her mouth to his, their lips melding together in a long lingering kiss. Then, breaking away, she slowly worked her way down his torso, pausing to tease his nipples then kissing across his stomach before reaching his cock.
Encircling his semi-erect rod with her fingers, she began lightly stroking it and flicking her tongue around the bulbous dome, savouring the taste of their previous coupling.
"Fuck Lis... ahhhhhh!" Tom's head fell back on the pillow as he groaned out loud.
"Urrrggggggggggggggg... Urrrkkkkkkkkkkkk.... Gurrgggggggggggg!"
Sliding her red lips over his rapidly swelling dick Lisa took it into her warm and very willing mouth, sucking greedily on the engorged shaft while the veins along its length pulsed against her lips.
"Fuck!" His fingers gripped the bedcovers momentarily as the intense pleasure flooded outward from his aching erection.
Spluttering and gagging the petite brunette endeavoured to swallow as much of him as she could. Forcing her jaws wider she bobbed her head steadily as she worked her lips down towards the root, her deep brown eyes gazing up to meet his.
It felt more intimate than it should have and Tom knew things between him and Lisa had changed forever.
"Gurrggggggggggggggg.... Gurmmmmmmmmm.... Guuurgggggggg!"
Taking him deeper, her jaws stretching wider around him, he felt his cockhead probe her throat as she spluttered and moaned around his rampant erection.
"Stop.... for fuck's sake Lis... stop or you'll make me cum."
Pulling her lips off of his hardness with a soft popping sound she giggled and moved to straddle his hips, reaching for his manhood to guide the head against the entrance to her sex.
"I want you in me again." She whispered as she let the first hard inch of his prick enter her, "I want you to fuck me."
For a moment they looked at each other and then she gave an animalistic groan as she impaled herself on his shaft.
"Aaaahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh... God.... it's.... so.... fucking.... deep!"
Throwing her head back Lisa ground herself onto his hard meat eager to get it as far up inside her as was humanly possible.
At the same time Tom's hands went straight to her waist, his fingers pressing into her slender form while his hips pushed up driving his length into her dripping slit.
From that moment on time seemed to stand still for the pair as Lisa rode him, her body undulating easily, working her slick wet pussy onto his rigid pole. All the while his hands slid up to play with her breasts, pinching and rolling her sensitive nipples then back to her waist, repeating his actions again and again.
"Oh fuck, fuck... I'm gonna.... oh shit I'm...."
Bucking violently as the waves of pleasure washed over her Lisa came hard, grinding her sex onto his organ so her clit was rubbing against him increasing her ecstasy.
"Cuuuummmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm!" Her eyes closed and her body shuddered to a complete stop, her head thrown back in delight.
Tom held her, letting her enjoy the sensations for several long seconds, before rolling her over onto her back, his cock still sheathed inside her.
Staring up at him she wrapped her legs around his waist, spreading her thighs wide, letting him begin fucking her again. He was soon pistoning his length urgently into Lisa's writhing, moaning form, their hips slapping together every time he drove his cock between her moist cushioning lips.
Lisa's vaginal muscles were clutching tightly around Tom's throbbing pole, trying to hold him in her every time he went to pull back and as he continued to thrust into her it was rapidly becoming clear, from her moans, that she was close again.
"Tom.... Oh, Tom I.... I... oh fuckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk!"
She tried to speak just as her orgasm hit her, her body bucking violently, her arms wrapped tightly about his neck, when a final, massive climax ripped through her.
"Oh, fuck Lis...." Tom was getting there too.
Grunting, he began to pound his manhood into her frantically and just a few strokes later, he erupted, his cock spasming and pulsing, pouring another copious load of his man cream into her womb.
Collapsing onto her Tom panted for breath as Lisa held him, nuzzling into his neck, until he eventually rolled off her and onto his back.
Snuggling into him she put her head on his chest, running her fingers over his abs, "That was incredible baby but we need to get some sleep. We have an early start tomorrow."
"We do." He wrapped his arm around her and stared into the darkness as she fell asleep.
Despite his exhaustion he lay awake for some time thinking about his wife, what she was doing and if their marriage could really survive after tonight.
Chapter 21 - Conclusions
Lisa and Tom were both awake before the alarm went off at four o'clock the following morning, thoughts of the day that awaited them filling their heads. Somewhat sheepishly they each took a turn to quickly shower before they dressed and, separately, drove to the police station.
George Freeman conducted the briefing for the teams that would be going out on the raid and by five-fifteen they were all on their way to their respective destinations.
Tom and Lisa had been allocated to Harwood's house as he was the one who knew the location of the evidence the police needed. And it was as they stood outside waiting to go in that his thoughts turned to his wife, Jessica, and what she was doing.
'Would they be asleep?'
'How many times had he had her?'
"BANG!"
The sound of the battering ram breaking the lock on the door brought him back to the present and, as soon as it was open, he charged straight in closely followed by Lisa and headed towards the bedroom. The rest of the team spreading out and making their way to their assigned targets.
The pair didn't hesitate and reaching the bedroom they barged in through the door and stopped in their tracks, staring at the scene on the bed.
Jessica was naked, on all fours, with Frank Harwood kneeling behind her, holding onto her hips and steadily pistoning his cock into her pussy.
"Oh fuck... fuck... don't stop.... I'm gonna cum again." With her eye's closed Jess was unaware of her husband and Lisa watching her as her squeals filled the room.
Frank, however, noticed them after just a moment, stopping mid-thrust, his dick fully sheathed inside Jessica.
"What the fuck?"
"Don't stop... I'm.... I'm nearly there...."
Jess started to protest at his pausing and then stopped herself when she opened her eyes and saw her husband and Lisa by the door.
"Oh God.... Tom!" Her eyes opened wide in shock.
"Frank Harwood, I'm arresting you...." Tom stepped towards the gang's boss, handcuffs at the ready as he cautioned him.
"You have no idea who you're dealing with." His arrogant smirk made Tom want to punch him.
"Get her out of here and get her dressed." Tom ignored the comment and instructed Lisa.
Watching her superior carefully she took hold of Jessica's arm and, scooping the blondes clothes up off the floor, led her into the adjacent room.
Waiting until the door had closed Tom turned back to Harwood and punched him, as hard as he could, in the stomach doubling him over in agony.
"Fuck you to arsehole." He dragged the wheezing gang boss up off the floor and then punched him several more times, before dragging him, naked, out of the bedroom.
"That's for resisting arrest."
Closing the door on the two men Lisa ushered her sergeants naked wife into the next room.
"You could have waited another minute." Jess complained, "I was almost there."
"Sorry about that...." Lisa frowned and shook her head, "but maybe Tom didn't want to watch you cum for that prick again."
Jessica didn't reply, her cheeks turning scarlet at Lisa's caustic comment.
"You have no idea what you've put him through have you?" The policewoman continued, "He was in bits over you last night."
As she said it their eyes met.
"Shit... I..." Jess whispered, her face pale, "you... you saw him last night."
Lisa nodded, "Yeah. I was.... with him."
For several seconds the two girls looked at each other, neither speaking, as the sexual tension between them grew.
"Jess I...."
"I know." The blonde interrupted her, her heart rate jumping, "I've known it for a long time."
Their eyes met and, for a second or two, you could have heard a pin drop in the silence.
Suddenly they were in each other's arms, Lisa ardently kissing the still naked Jessica as her fingers trailed across her body, pinching her swollen nipples before slipping between her legs.
"I want you as well." The brunette murmured, "I have done for a long time."
"Oh fuck... aaahhhhhhh!" The naked blonde groaned into the other girl's mouth, her thighs parting to give her access to her wet slit.
Still kissing passionately, their tongues playing together while Jessica let her own hands grope the other girl's chest.
"Cum for me Jess... do it... cum for me."
With their lips locked together Lisa's words were mumbled into Jess's mouth, her fingers slipping in and out of her soaking wet snatch.
"Oh yes... yes... make me...."
Finding her swollen bud Lisa teased her clit briefly, getting even more of a response, then quickly drove two fingers up into Jess's cunt. Twisting them around, feeling her juices run over her hand, she drove the other woman towards her climax.
Even as she was being fingered Jessica ran her hands through the other girl's hair, pulling her mouth tighter to hers as they continued to kiss.
"Yes... oh yes, yes.... oh fuck.... I'm gonna...."
Going up onto her toes Jess groaned, her body shuddering as the waves of pleasure boiled over within her.
"Cuummmmmmmmmmmmm!"
With a final jerk Jessica snapped her thighs together, trapping the other girl's hand between them, clinging on to Lisa as she came, her body quivering with her release. A flood of pussy cream coating the brunette's fingers as she sent her over the edge.
"Wow.... I needed that." Jess whispered finally lifting her head, "That's the first time I've been with another woman."
"I've always wanted to.... you know, with you?" The policewoman grinned, "Now you had better get dressed before the boys outside get a look at you."
Smiling ruefully Jessica started to put her clothes on, glancing at the other girl standing watching her.
"You slept with him, didn't you?"
Lisa stared back at the blonde and nodded, "Yes, I did, last night."
"Thank you for being there for him. It must have been hard for you I know how you feel about him."
"Yeah, but unfortunately, he loves you. He'd never leave you for me."
Jess suddenly looked miserable, "I wouldn't blame him if he did, I've put him through hell over the last few weeks."
"Tom told me most of it and I guessed the rest. I also saw how unhappy he was."
"I know and I need to make it up to him."
Lisa frowned, "That's enough for now. We need to get you out of here so the rest of the team can do their job."
Despite the early start it was late in the afternoon before Tom walked through the front door of the flat wondering just what sort of greeting awaited him.
For a moment he stood and looked around him. The kitchen and the living room were empty with no sign of his wife.
'She's left me!'
He suddenly had a moment of panic.
"I'm in here." Her voice floated seductively through the flat.
Swallowing nervously, his stomach tightening into a knot, he stepped through the door into the bedroom half expecting to find Jess with her bags packed ready to leave.
"So, you're going...."
He stopped and stared.
The lights had been turned down but he could still see his wife reclining on the bed.
Her make-up was immaculate but it was her outfit that grabbed his attention.
Laying back sexily she gazed up at him, wearing a matching 3-piece underwear set in sheer red lace with black seamed stockings clasped to the suspender belt, while the strappy back stilettos had the highest heels he had ever seen.
"Do you like?" Her voice was husky with desire.
"I like very much." He couldn't tear his eyes away from her as he answered.
"I've put you through hell Tom." She looked at him forlornly playing with her long blonde hair, "Please, please don't leave me."
"Why would I leave you?"
She bit her lower lip and gazed at him miserably, "I know you slept with Lisa. I thought you might...."
He moved towards the bed and his wife got up to face him, "I'm sorry. I just felt like I had lost you to him and..."
Sliding her arms about his neck she looked into his eyes, "I love you Tom Whitby, don't you ever forget that."
With that she went up onto tiptoe pulling his lips down to hers, her mouth opening to accept his tongue as it probed and toyed with hers. Running her fingers through his hair she held him against her letting the kiss lengthen into something long and lingering.
Jessica's eyes were shining as they broke apart and she ran her hands down to his chest to start unbuttoning his shirt.
"Jess..." He reached for her.
"Shhhh.... It's all about you tonight." She whispered shrugging her husband away as he went to unfasten her bra.
Easing his top off she tossed it aside and let her red-nailed fingers trace down his chest closely followed by her tongue.
Oh fuck, Jess!" Groaning softly, he felt her mouth clamp on each of his nipples in turn, biting gently.
Gazing intently up at him she dropped onto her knees, kissing across his belly as her nimble fingers fumbled at his belt and zipper. Tugging open his jeans she eased them over his hips, pulling them down and off along with his shoes.
"Jess..." He moaned again when her fingers caressed up his inner thigh to trace the outline of the bulge in his underwear.
"Sssshhhh... this is for you baby. I want to taste you and prove just how much I really do love you."
Her voice was hoarse with lust as she hooked her fingers in the waistband of his shorts drawing them down and allowing his rapidly hardening cock to spring free.
Wrapping her soft hand around his tumescent length Jessica stared up at her husband, gently pumping his prick and guiding the bulbous crown towards her mouth. Flicking her tongue around the head she teased him unmercifully, listening to him gasp out loud as she smeared her spit across his mushroom shaped cockhead.
"Urrrgggggggggggggg.... Guuurrrgggggggggggggg!"
Her lips slid over his hard shaft, the first inches of his solid meat stretching her jaws open as she took them into her wet and warm oral cavity.
"Sweet fucking Jesus." Tom reached for her head, grasping her hair with his fingers as she began to suck greedily.
"I.... Uuuuvvvvv.... Uuuuuuuuuuuu!" The almost incoherent garbled sounds were all Jess could make by way of a reply, her mouth filled with several inches of his throbbing cock.
Bobbing her head back and forth Jessica hungrily devoured his manhood, taking it in until the tip probed the back of her throat, all the while her vivid blue eyes never wavering as they stared into his.
"Stop. stop... I'll cum!" Tom groaned with desperation, his fingers twisting in her hair as he tried to hold back,
Momentarily she pulled off his pulsing shaft, dragging in a lungful of air.
"I want you to cum in my mouth, I want to taste you."
"Shit!" He shivered as she immediately took him back between her lips, tightening them around his swollen girth.
"Uuuuummmmm.... Oooorrrrrrrr.... Eeeeeeeeeeeeee!"
Taking him as deep as she could she sealed her mouth tight around his cock as he tensed and pulled her towards him.
"Aaaaahhhhh.... fuckkkkkkkkkkk!" Throwing his head back Tom roared out loud and began to empty himself down her throat.
Swallowing hard Jessica was determined not to miss a drop as her husband's shaft pulsed and jerked, spurting again and again, filling her mouth with his warm cream.
"Gllllllluuuurrkkkkkkkkk.... Guurrrggggggggggggggg!" She spluttered and coughed as the pearly white semen slithered down her throat into her stomach.
Tonguing off the last droplets from the tip of his prick she leant back and grinned naughtily up at him, "Now I'm gonna make you hard again so you can make love to me."
"It's my turn first." He grinned and helped her to her feet.
Guiding her to the bed and pushing her gently back his fingers hooked under the elastic of her red thong and dragged down her knickers.
"I need to make you mine again."
Giggling she lifted her hips to let him slide her panties down her legs, watching him as he untangled them from around her high heels and threw them aside.
"What on earth do you intend to do to me?" Her eyes widened in mock alarm.
"Return the pleasure."
He laughed and gently eased her legs apart so he could run his tongue up her inner thigh above the tops of her black stockings.
"Oh fuck.... don't tease me baby." Jess gasped, her fingers twisting in the bedsheets as he tormented her by staying away from her moist cleft.
He kept on tempting her, flicking his tongue around her puffy lips without making any real contact until he had his wife squirming helplessly as she begged for her release.
"Please... please... I... I need... you...in.... me." Jessica moaned softly her eyes closed while she thrashed her head from side to side.
The desperation in his wife's voice told him how close she was and he finally gave her what she wanted, letting his tongue push between her outer labia, licking along her slit from her arsehole to her clit. Then flicking and nipping her sensitive nub he finally drove her over the edge.
"Oh fuck...fuck... I'm.... c... c...cuuummmmminnngggggggg!" Jessica squealed, grabbing his hair and clamping her stockinged thighs tight around his head, trapping him.
Tonguing her through her climax he continued lapping up the creamy wetness that flooded from her pussy until, eventually, she shuddered to a stop and lay back, her legs splayed out wide, as she gasped for air.
"Please... stop.... stop... I can't take anymore."
Sliding his body up alongside hers Tom pulled his wife to him so she could wrap her arms about his neck and bury her face against his shoulder.
"I'm sorry... I'm sorry... I'm so sorry." Whimpering he could feel her body shiver as she wept.
He let her cry for a minute, feeling the tensions flow out of her as she clung to him.
"It's ok baby." Holding her away from him he gazed into her blue eyes.
"But the things I did, the lap dances, the... the sex with those men and last night... with...."
She began to cry again.
"Stop now!" Tom told her firmly, "We agreed that it would probably happen."
"Yes... but I enjoyed it... I came so many times last night."
"Enough. I enjoyed it too."
Jessica sniffled and looked up at him, "Even Lisa?"
He grinned, "Especially Lisa."
As he said it, he kissed her passionately, holding her tighter as she responded eagerly, her lips merging with his.
"Me too." She giggled.
"What?"
Briefly Jess told him what had happened after Lisa had ushered her out of Frank's bedroom and how she had made her cum. Looking at him as she spoke her fingers encircled his semi-erect cock, arousing him before she slid down his body to take him in her mouth again.
Swallowing his manhood, she sucked on it enthusiastically feeling it grow even harder, forcing her jaws further apart as his girth swelled quickly to its full tumescence.
Letting his rigid dick slip out from between her lips with a soft plop, Jess quickly straddled her husband's hips grinding herself onto his erection, the thick shaft pressing between her labia.
"Jess." He reached for her but she simply pushed his hands away.
"This is for you. I want you to know just how much I love you."
Laying back he watched as his wife reached up behind her and unfastened her red bra. Slipping her arms out of the straps she held the cups over her breasts just like she did when she was stripping and licked her lips invitingly.
"Do you want these." Her sexy giggle only aroused him even further and she felt his member pulse as it rubbed between her moist nether lips and against her swollen clit.
He grinned up at her, "You know I do."
Throwing her long hair back across her shoulder Jess laughed and tossed her bra away to expose her modest breasts to his eyes. Immediately his hands reached up for them, rolling and teasing her already firm nipples he soon had her breathing heavily, her hips gyrating as she ground her pussy against his rigid pole.
Unable to hold her desire back Jessica pushed herself up and reached for his cock, guiding the head against her slick entrance.
"I love you, Tom Whitby." She whispered, her eyes locked on his, as she slowly impaled herself on his rigid manhood.
Sheathing every inch of her husband's shaft in her tight pussy Jess let her head tip back and, bracing her hands on his chest, began to fuck herself onto him.
"Oh god... yes... yes... it's.... so... deep." Groaning with delight she clenched her vaginal muscles tighter on his prick, feeling it throb against the sensitive walls.
Sliding his hands from her aching breasts down to her hips Tom thrust upwards meeting her half-way as she ground her cunt onto his rigid spear. For the next few minutes, Jessica rode him hard, pumping herself onto his erection, feeling the pleasure grow inside her until she knew she was going to erupt.
"Oh fuck... Tom...oh shit, shit.... ahhhhhh.... fuck, I'm gonna.... ahhhhh!"
With her head back and her blonde hair swaying about her shoulders Jessica jerked rapidly towards another climax.
"Unghh... unhhhhhhh.... yessssss... do it.... Cum for me!"
Grasping her hips Tom drove up into her, burying his full length inside her gushing pussy and sending her over the top.
"Fuck... oh fuck, fuck.... I'm... cuuuummmmmmiiinngggggggggggggg!"
Shuddering to a stop Jess came, her body tensing for a second and then bucking uncontrollably as the pleasurable sensations ravaged her.
He held her in place, impaled on his shaft as the tremors of ecstasy gradually subsided in her and, spent, she finally slumped against his chest breathing heavily.
"I want you to use me, to take me hard, like he did." She whimpered desperately, looking into her husband's face.
"Turn around then." He told her curtly, rolling her off him and onto her hands and knees.
"Please... fuck me.... just fuck me." She knelt, glancing back over her shoulder at him as he moved behind her.
Positioning his glistening cockhead at her gaping tunnel he drove it back into her with all the force he could muster, filling her completely in a single stroke.
"Oh fuck.... yesssssssssssssssss!" Jessica gasped as her head jerked up, her eyes staring blankly ahead while her fingers clutched the bedcovers tightly.
Grabbing her long blonde hair Tom wrapped it in his fist pulling her head up and back, forcing her spine to arch, as he began to piston his shaft into her juicy fuck hole.
"Unghhh."
Slap!
"Ungh!"
Slap!
"Ungh!"
Slap!
Every thrust he made was accompanied by a grunt of effort and the sound of his hips slapping loudly against her rear.
"Yes... oh yes... just like that... like he did... please.... don't stop... just fuck meeeeeeeeeeee!"
Squealing and squirming Jessica took the vigorous pounding, feeling the familiar sensations of ecstasy building in her core yet again. Her puffy pink labia clinging to his hard rod, drawing it back every time he pulled out then folding in around it when he thrust back in burying every inch of his rigid meat inside her.
Tightening his hold on her hair he yanked harder, making her back bend as he hammered his shaft into her eager willing cunt.
"Oh fuck, Jess... fuck... I'm gonna.... Cuuuummmmmmmmmmm!" He yelled burying his cock inside her one last time as he flooded her belly with his seed.
"Oh my god.... I... I'm cccuuuummmmmmmiiiinngggggggggggg!"
Screaming with delight Jess came with him.
It was her third orgasm and the biggest of the night by far.
With her pussy clenched tightly around his spasming prick the pair of them collapsed into a tangled, perspiring heap on the bed, Tom pinning her under him, as they waited for the waves of pleasure to dissipate.
Finally, still breathless, Tom rolled off of his wife and laid back, smiling, watching as she slid up off the bed, her hand jammed between her stockinged thighs to catch the cum that was already starting to run down her legs.
"Why do you have to cum so much?" She yelled from the bathroom as she sat down letting his man cream dribble out of her.
"That's your fault. You shouldn't be so bloody sexy." He replied with a grin when she came back and started to take off her stockings.
Smiling Jess poked out her tongue at her husband and pulled on an old t-shirt, "I bet you haven't eaten? I'll go and make us something."
After they had finished the two of them returned to bed, just cuddling together until they fell asleep.
The rest of the week was busy for both of them; Tom at the station filling out reports and wrapping up the investigation while Jessica was also occupied writing her article.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
It was the Friday morning, the day the weekly regional newspaper was published and Tom lay in bed as Jessica went to make the morning coffee and collect the paper from the front door.
"Well?" He asked as she came back with two steaming mugs and the newspaper tucked under her arm.
"Front page!" She grinned putting the drinks down beside the bed and showed him the headlines.
His eyes reluctantly switched from the bottom of the short t-shirt she had on. It wasn't really long enough to cover her and gave him tantalising glimpses of her shaven vulva and her bottom every time she moved.
The banner across the front read, 'CRIME SYNDICATE BUSTED', and underneath was the line she was most proud of, 'exclusive by Jessica Whitby'.
Giggling excitedly, she jumped back into bed, flashing her pussy at him as she did, and opened the paper at page 2 to read the story she had written.
"So, go on what does it say?" He prompted her to start reading it to him.
"Umm... OK, here goes." She took a breath and began.
"On Monday morning armed police units launched a coordinated series of raids on the home and business interests of Mr. Frank Harwood. The properties searched included the Sin City strip club and several bars all of which were owned by Mr. Harwood.
"A police spokesman, Detective Chief Inspector George Freeman, said later that day that the investigation into Mr. Harwood's activities had uncovered a number of criminal dealings but he would not comment further at this stage on exactly what these were. However, he did praise the work of undercover officers who had been central in bringing the gang to justice."
"Wow, sounds impressive." Tom smiled at his wife.
"Oh, there's more." She grinned naughtily.
"When Mr. Harwood was arrested he was found naked in bed with one of the strippers from his Sin City club, a dancer named Sapphire. Police literally caught him in the act when they burst in, the blonde stripper was on her hands and knees with Mr. Harwood kneeling behind her as they engaged in sexual intercourse."
Jessica giggled, "I wanted to say he was doing me doggy style but the editor said they couldn't print that."
Tom laughed, "Well what you did say paints the perfect picture."
"The young lady in question was subsequently interviewed at the scene by a detective sergeant but was not detained." Jessica added with a smirk.
"I could hardly arrest you, could I?" His comment made them both laugh.
She put on a serious face and continued to read, "Police removed a number of ledgers, journals and video recordings from a hidden safe in the house. The location of the vital evidence was provided by one of the undercover officers working on the case.
"The recordings show a number of prominent public figures, including local politicians and others, engaged in sexual activities with prostitutes supplied by Mr. Harwood. Police sources did reveal that there appeared to be a missing disc involving a visitor of interest to the house a few days previous to the raid and that they are eager to track this down if at all possible."
Her husband shook his head, "What I want to know is how did you manage to spirit the recording away?"
She smiled again and snuggled against him, her hand sliding down to take a hold of his hardening cock.
"That was easy. He'd fucked me twice the evening before the raid, once when you were there and then later in bed. But he was having a problem getting hard again after that. So, I suggested we watch my porn debut. It was in the machine in the bedroom when you raided the house so I retrieved it when no one was looking."
"Did he fuck you again when you watched it?" Tom looked at her his expression changing.
"Yes, he did. All told he had me three times that night and again in the morning when you burst in." She told her husband, a nervous look on her face.
"You did an excellent job of distracting him. I'm only sorry you had to sleep with him again." He stated morosely.
"Don't be. Someone had to keep him occupied and anyway, the sex was amazing just like before." Jessica blushed, "I only wish you'd arrived five minutes later and not burst in just as I was about to come."
"Well like you said Lisa took care of that for you."
"Mmhhmm... she did."
They laid in bed drinking their coffee as they finished reading Jessica's article. Both of them wondering how they were going to return to some sort of normality in their marriage.
"So, what do we do now?" He asked her, putting his empty mug down on the side, "We can't go back to how we were."
Jessica gave him a sideways look and, biting her bottom lip, went a little coy.
"Well, I was thinking of auditioning at The Lounge, unless you want me to stop stripping?"
Tom stared at her for a moment before his face split into a broad grin.
"No way. I love watching you when you perform for an audience. If you want to carry on dancing then I'm behind you all the way."
Jessica giggled, "I guess that goes for the lap dancing to?"
"Without a doubt." He told her emphatically.
They both knew what else there was to say but neither of them seemed to want to begin the discussion.
Finally, Jess gave a resigned sigh and, staring at her feet, she started.
"I guess we need to talk about the other thing."
He nodded but didn't respond.
"I thought maybe we should invite Rob and Lisa round this evening. To watch the video recording. What do you think?" She asked him bluntly.
"He'll want to fuck you again." Tom's monotone answer stated the obvious.
"And she won't want to fuck you!" Jessica laughed, "She's in love with you, you know that don't you."
"Well, I wouldn't mind watching the two of you replay your little scene from the raid."
"I don't think Rob would object to that either." She chuckled, "I'm sure he wants to fuck me again anyway and, if I'm being honest, I want him to. For an older man he's pretty sexy."
"God, you are insatiable." He groaned, his cock now standing erect with her fingers tight around it.
Jess giggled again stroking his erection, "I thought maybe I could occasionally sleep with him when you're on nights. What do you think?"
"Jesus what are you trying to do to me. I'm gonna cum if you keep talking like that." Her husband struggled to maintain his composure.
"Then maybe on Thursday we could try that new bar Jason told me about. Apparently, it's a great place to get picked up." She chuckled teasing him.
"You... you want other men as well?"
Jessica shook her head, "No not for a very long time and then not unless you want me to. You're my husband and I love you."
"Well maybe we could.... you know, talk about it."
"So, you could watch them fuck me." Her fingers slid faster along his rigid dick.
"Please Jess, I need to cum." He gasped, his prick throbbing in her fist.
She batted her eyelashes at him and lowered her mouth onto his shaft, taking the purple domed head between her lips.
"Muurrrrrrrrmmmmm.... Hhhhuuurrrrrrrrrmmmmmm!"
She sucked him into her mouth, her blue eyes looking up at him.
Unable to hold back he lost control within a minute, his cock bucking between her lips as he filled her throat with numerous strands of his thick white cream.
"Guuurrrgggggggggggggggg!"
Swallowing several times, she made sure she took every drop into her belly before sitting up and licking her lips.
"Now what time should we tell our guests to come round this evening?" She purred sexily.