College girls love this city. They come from around the country to discover themselves at one of our numerous institutes of higher learning, and one of the first things they discover is, of course, their sexuality. In all varieties, be they black, arab, asian, south asian, latino, pacific islander, or white, this exploration often manifests itself early on in the form of trendy and risque fashions. They sense the power inherent in being an object of desire, so they adorn their young, radiant bodies in tight, revealing swaths of textile aphrodisiac. That said, it's rare to run into a true young slut who knows what she is and acts accordingly. Having experienced this prudishness typical of co-eds on multiple occasions, I was only cautiously optimistic when I recently hit up a frat party that would undoubtedly showcase a bevy of shapely young cock teases. I was there to make some money selling weed & psychedelics and, being in my early 30's, had grown to enjoy observing the recklessness of youth up close.
When I first saw Anya, I'd be lying if I said I didn't notice how much more self-assured she seemed compared to the other girls running around the party (not to mention how much more skin she was showing,) but I took it with a grain of salt, as I'd seen the act before. As a serious pervert and amateur pornographer I'd learned that most girls who are comfortable putting themselves on display in public are in it for the power play, and rarely act on the attention they get. Nevertheless, the image of Anya decked out in extra-short denim cutoffs, strappy booty-heels, and a sleeveless, backless sheer white halter top that showed off the shape of her firm, round b-cups and flat, toned stomach prompted me to approach her.
"Can I just say: You look amazing. You really know how to put yourself together."
"Uh, thanks." Her reply was barely polite. Then, abandoning her manners completely, she continued, "Really? That's what you came up with?" I was looking down the barrel of a mischievous smirk, complete with one perfectly groomed cocked eyebrow. "I saw you ogling me and wondered if you'd have the balls to talk to me." She was sizing me up, anticipating my reaction.
I grinned, happily surprised with how quickly she shot down my nice-guy line. Standing close to her now, I became ever more hopeful this was the whore I'd been looking for. She had made herself up with expert skill: Subtle shades of rouge enhanced her high cheekbones and full lips, allowing her youthfulness to shine through; heavy mascara popped her long eyelashes, dark eyeliner and eyeshadow that matched her amber-hazel eyes contrasted her innocent look and maximized her seductiveness. She wore her gentle strawberry-blonde curls at shoulder-length and kept them out of her face with elegant gold barrettes. She emanated an aroma of tea-tree oil and citrus, drawing my attention momentarily to her bare shoulders and taught, creamy skin.
Slowly - deliberately - I looked her up and down, taking in her five-and-a-half-foot-frame, and responded, "Well, you obviously came dressed to intimidate these boys...maybe hoping to find one who could step up and give a girl like you what she needs. You've accentuated your features perfectly - especially your thighs and ass - and over-dressed just enough to out-class all these other sluts," I said while eyeing her gold dangling earrings, pendant necklace, and white & gold strappy booties. Without giving her a chance to respond I extended my hand and introduced myself. "Hi, I'm Levi." "Anya," she shook my hand, but then squinted at me and cocked her head, "You calling me a slut?" I grinned again, "Well, uh..." but before I could answer, she cut me off with an observation of her own.
"Aren't you a little old to be here? You come just to prey on naive little girls like me?"
"No, that's just an added bonus," I quipped, "I'm actually here on, um..., business," I said, holding up the messenger bag that stored my wares.
"Oh shit... Is that...?" She sounded accusatory, so I reassured her.
"Nothing hard, just party favors... Weed, dabs, acid, shrooms, molly..."
"Molly?" Her tone sounded curious now, "I tried that once last year with some girlfriends at a club and got so..." She trailed off, seeming unsure of herself.
"Got so what?"
"I, uh, I got so worked up I ended up having to get myself off in the bathroom," She confessed, looking at me with half a grin, awaiting my response. My cock stirred as the image of this nubile nympho going to town on her swollen, sensitive little clit in public restroom presented itself in my head. We'd just met and she's telling me this?
"You were at the club; Why not just find some dick?" I asked, doing my best to play it cool.
"I wasn't as brave then as I am now." She was locked on my eyes as she said it.
"What's changed in a year?" I wondered.
"I'm eighteen now, and in college, so I decided it's time I get what I want."
"Holy shit, you're a freshman? I'd have guessed you're at least 21," I exclaimed, careful not to over-flatter her.
"You like that huh? How young I am... You perv!" She smiled and smacked me in the arm when she said it.
"Perfect," I thought. Then, out loud, "You have no idea." I continued, "So, you've only done molly the one time? Want to try it again?"
"The first one's always free, right?" She was squared up to me now, looking up at me hopefully and biting her lip.
"I'm running a business here," I said, teasing her, "I can't comp product to every pretty young thing that glances my way."
"Oh, come on!" She protested, playing along, "I'll make it worth your while... It'll be our little secret."
I fished out the molly and dipped my finger into the bag. It came up empty, so I held it up to her lips. "It's too dry, do you mind?" She took my hand and looked me in the eyes while she moistened my finger, twirling her tongue around the tip. "Thanks," I said, and went back into the bag. This time it came up encrusted with the little white crystals. I put it back in her mouth and she cleaned the powder off completely. "It tastes fucking awful," I said. As I was about to dose myself, she stopped me.
"Wait, let me." I watched her put a manicured, clear coated nail past her plump lips and wet it with her tongue. She ran it through the powder, coating it on both sides, then held it up for inspection. It was a large dose which would keep me up for a while, but I had a feeling I'd have plenty to do as the night wore on. I ran my tongue around her finger and sucked off the drug, lingering long enough to get a taste of her.
It was then I noticed how much the party had filled up. Someone had turned the music louder and the living room was fast becoming a dance floor. Anya took me by the hand and led me through the throng to a spot near a large speaker. As we walked, I watched her thick, smooth thighs flex and relax as her jaw-dropping pale pink ass jiggled with each step, peeking out in rhythm below the frayed hem of her high-waisted jean shorts. We started dancing, and it wasn't long before she was petting and grinding on me, the molly beginning to creep into her eyes. "Let's get out of here," she said, swiping her hand across my groin as she swayed with the beat.
"Don't be so eager. You've got a long night ahead of you," I smirked, "And I've still got money to make. Stay here, I wanna watch you dance while I finish up." Her response was an exaggerated, pouty frown. She grabbed my hand and rubbed my fingers over her crotch, showing me how wet she already was. The thin denim was tight against her soft mound, becoming damp as her hunger grew. She glared at me lustfully and a bit frustrated. I leaned into her ear and reassured her, "Don't worry slut, you're definitely getting what you deserve tonight." I turned and lost myself in the crowd before she could respond.
Over the next hour or so I stayed posted up near the stairwell, keeping an eye on Anya while I did my part to keep the party going. She was dancing hard, losing herself more and more in the music. It wasn't long before the pussy hounds in the crowd began orbiting around her. She'd groove with one for a while, (until he'd try to start talking to her, or to kiss her, or get too handsy,) then turn to find another waiting and start all over again. At one point she found herself face to face with a tall, pretty, short-haired brunette who seemed to want to syphon off some of the attention being generated by Anya's sultry display. Without hesitating, she spun around, bent over, and started twerking her big ass on the newcomer before she stood back up and turned her head enough that the two girls could make out while grinding on each other. When they began kissing a few whoops and cheers went up as the crowd urged them on. Watching intently, I eventually caught Anya's gaze and raised my bag to indicate I was done with my business. She pulled her tongue out of the lanky strumpet's mouth, then, turning to face her again, pulled her close and said something. The girl smiled wide and nodded to Anya, then looked at three of the young studs nearby and beckoned them to follow her upstairs. Two more followed behind, and though they weren't explicitly invited, I'm sure they were welcomed.
"What the fuck did you say to her?" I begged to know as Anya and I approached one another.
"I asked her if she noticed how hard all the guys dancing with us had gotten, and if she wanted to take a few of them upstairs with me - told her I'd be up in a minute..."
"I thought you wanted to head over to my place." I said, considering whether or not I'd rather take her up and join the fun. She gave me that mischievous smirk again, "Oh, I do. Let's go."
"You're bad!" I couldn't believe my luck. As we left, I made a mental note to find out what became of the horny brunette. Knowing these frat boys, it was likely to be well-documented.
The drive home was short but eventful. On the highway I pushed my Audi up over 90 and blasted EDM. Paired with the roar of the engine and the molly, Anya's pussy got so wet it's a wonder she didn't slide off the seat. When she reached across the center console and squeezed my hard-on I looked over and saw her squirming around with her back arched and one hand down her pants. I turned the music down enough to hear her moaning, and she brought two glistening fingers out from between her legs and looked at me while sucking on them before reaching over to unzip me.
"Not yet, you're going to have to earn it," I said as I pulled her hand away from my rigid dick, "Show me how bad you need it."
Obediently, she kissed me deep, letting me taste the pussy juice still fresh on her lips, then nibbled on my ear as she took my hand and brought it between her now-trembling thighs. She used her hand to press my fingers into her clit through the saturated denim. After a moment she shoved my hand down her now unbuttoned shorts, and I wasn't surprised to find that she wasn't wearing any panties. As I worked my way towards her slippery hole, I passed a small tuft of pubic hair along the way. I backed off and pinched and squeezed the labia on either side of her clit, eliciting a bucking shudder from the teenage fuck meat in my passenger seat. Making my way back towards her waistline, I began tugging at the small tuft of hair I assume she left there for that specific purpose. She squealed her approval and, with one eye on the road, one hand on the wheel, and one torturing her pussy, I glanced over again to see her squeezing a tit from inside her blouse.
"You like a little pain with your pleasure, huh?"
"More than just a little," She panted.
Just before midnight we were pulling into my neighborhood. It was mid-September and still warm enough to have the AC on. I kept teasing her with my free hand as we were pulling into my garage, alternating between entering her tight, wet opening, working her clit, and yanking at her pleasure patch. She must've been about to climax when she realized we'd arrived, because suddenly she grabbed my wrist to keep me from stopping. I wrenched myself away from her saying, "Uh-uh, you're not allowed to come until I say so." I shut off the car, opened my door, and got out. Since she didn't immediately follow suite, I went around to her side and opened the car door. She had ignored my prohibition and continued fondling herself, and it wasn't long before she was whimpering and shuddering from an orgasm. As she calmed down a bit and her breathing steadied, she looked up at me contritely. I smiled and leaned over to get in her face. She tilted closer and kissed me aggressively until I smacked her sharply in the mouth and squeezed her cheeks in my hand warning, "You're going to pay for that, slut!" Then I returned her kiss with just as much aggression. I reached out and she took my hand as I helped her up out of the car, again taking note of her youth and beauty, enhanced now by the flushness her skin exhibited just after coming. The molly had me feeling I could sense the pheromones emanating off her, causing my mind to swim with plans of how I would use Anya's young flesh to my carnal ends.
I led her inside from behind, guiding her into the living room with my hand on the small of her back. She collapsed on the contemporary grey leather couch that sat on a plush area rug in front of my 70" 4K tv and gazed up at me with lust and apprehension.
"Wait here. Find some background noise for us," I said while tossing her the remote. I returned after a moment with a box of toys, lube, & restraints, a couple of tequila shots, and a vapor pen loaded with cannabis oil. Anya had wasted no time getting herself revved back up, and I again found her preoccupied; her hand stuffed firmly down her pants, her ample chest heaving with erotic delight. She had managed to find the browser on the tv and pulled up a hardcore compilation. The screen flashed frantically with images of pussies, assholes, and throats getting plundered by cock after cock while the techno soundtrack thumped along with the moans, smacks, and grunts of the porno. Knowing the value a video of a teenage dream watching porn while frantically finger-blasting herself would have, I said nothing and instead went into the nearby closet where I keep my steadicam. Once I'd hit record it wasn't long before Anya looked up from her stupor.
She smiled at the camera, stood up, and, looking directly into the lens, slowly removed her blouse, exposing herself in classic tit-drop fashion. They were perfect: firm, yet soft - sitting up high enough to give away her young age, but hanging enough to indicate the thickness of her overall figure. The nipples, no larger than a poker chip, puffed out slightly and contrasted her fair complexion, especially in their aroused condition. She turned around and bent over with her long, milky legs together so I could take in the fullness of her juicy lower half. I reached out into the shot and squeezed and smacked her meaty rump before tugging down on her shorts, eager for an unobstructed view. She obliged me, pulling them off slowly while working her hips side to side and looking back knowingly at the camera. I panned down as they dropped, stopping when they hit the floor, then back up slowly, marvelling at her cute little feet, her calves, the perfectly-proportioned thighs and their ever-sought-after gap where I glimpsed her shimmering pussy-lips; finally to her plump, round butt which jutted out dramatically from her narrow waist.
"Bend over again," I told her, "arch your back and spread your ass so we can see what you've got." She complied willingly asking me, "Like this?" As she parted her immaculate glutes.
"Perfect. Now spread your legs a little and use your fingers to open your holes, one at a time." I could tell her smallish hands weren't unfamiliar with the act, and I immediately noticed how pink and clean her asshole was. "You prepped for anal? Good girl!"
"I told you I knew what I wanted. Guys don't want to fuck a dirty ass, do they?" She climbed onto the couch, face down, with her head and shoulders against the seat cushion and her beautiful orifices pointing towards the ceiling. Doing her best to look back at the camera she asked, "What do you have for me in there?" I reached into my treasure box and brought out a small pink plastic butt-plug and some lube, then handed it over. "Oooh, ohh, fuck it's tight!" She crooned as she found a way to fit it in. "You like seeing me stretch my virgin asshole open for you; getting it ready for some thick cock?"
"Yeah baby, keep talking to me." I moved in behind her close enough to open her unoccupied slit with my thumb and index finger. The cone-shaped toy was jammed into her ass up to the hilt, leaving only the rectangular base exposed. It bobbed a little as she reacted to my pushing and prodding. I zoomed in, filling the frame of the shot with her fuck-holes, and began pumping three fingers in and out of her pussy. After a minute she began to get loud.
"Ohh yeah! I love having both my holes filled at the same time! Stretch that pussy baby, open me up for the camera! Ooh, you're gonna make me come again!" At that I pulled away and zoomed out, leaving her rocking on her knees and whimpering, her ass still hanging in the air. As soon as I retreated she reached back, grabbed the butt plug, and repeatedly popped it in and out of her tiny rectum, looking at me with the most pathetic pleading expression all the while.
"Motherfucker," She protested, "why are you teasing me like this?"
"I told you you'd pay." Reminding her of her earlier disobedience shut her up. "You'll come again whenIdecide. Sit up, let's take a break for a minute." I commanded. "Here, drink this..." I set the camera aside and we slammed the tequila shots. "...and hit this." We took a moment to puff on the vaporizer, which helped to bring the molly to another peak.
"I'm rolling so fucking hard right now," Anya exclaimed while massaging her clit, "I need to get fucked!"
"Do you?," I asked sarcastically while retrieving my camera and placing it on a tripod in front of us. I stripped down, exposing myself to her for the first time. My cock stood tumescent at around seven inches; not too long but thicker than most. Wasting no time, she immediately dropped to her knees, took hold of my dick, and began licking and slobbering on it from the base of my balls to the tip of my bellend while jerking me off. I grabbed her by the hair and yanked her head back just as she was opening her mouth to swallow me. Again, she whimpered her displeasure.
"You're hungry for that cock aren't you? Wait just a second." I took a seat on the couch while ripping the vape pen and searched for another porno in order to oversaturate our senses with lust and debauchery. I found a playlist of porn music videos then leaned back into the cushions.
"Get on your knees and open your mouth." I said, patting the spot next to me on the couch. I wanted her positioned so I could watch the PMV, fuck her face, and play with her holes. I tugged gently at the pink toy in her tight ass, feeling it's reluctance to relinquish its current position, then applied more consistent pressure until it stretched her open enough to slip out. I pushed it back in slowly, teased her pussy a little, and repeated the process, readying her for my girthy member. Meanwhile she was doing her best pornstar impression by attempting to put her nose against my stomach with my dick in her mouth. Her throat felt amazing, but I wasn't anywhere near ready to blow my load, so I did my best to focus on training her asshole. Thankfully the drug inside me caused my mind to fixate on one thing after another, so as soon as it felt like I might explode inside her warm, wet mouth, I found myself distracted by the feeling of my fingers inside her, then by the pretty pornstars surrounded by cock on the screen in front of me. Anya was likely enjoying a similar experience, because one moment she was gagging herself on my inflexible prick, the next bouncing in sync as I penetrated her, then jerking and sucking me passively while she watched the porno.
"Oh, I've seen this one before. This guy makes the best compilations," She said while watching a petite blonde getting her mouth filled with multiple loads.
"Really? Do you watch a lot of porn?"
"Yeah, duh. Where do you think I learned how to do this?" She clasped her hands behind her back before making my cock disappear into her face. She sputtered and gagged but still kept pushing, taking me deeper and deeper into her throat. I had been content to let her do the work, but now I started thrusting - slowly at first, then faster. Spit began pouring out of her mouth as I fucked her throat. She showed no signs of letting up, so I wrapped her hair around my hand for a firm grip and took control of her head. I pushed down saying, "Yeah, bitch. I'm balls deep in you right now. Swallow my fucking cock!" She tried to push up for a break, but I held her down. "Uh-uh, not yet. Be a good whore and learn to breath through your nose." She made a concerted effort, taking rapid, shallow breaths, and gained control of her gagging. "Good girl, now stick your tongue out and lick my balls while I fuck your face." She obeyed and started tonguing my sack like she was told.
After a moment I pulled her off me and pushed her up off her knees onto her back so she was reclining against the arm of the couch. Her legs were spread and bent at the knees, her cute feet dangling in the air making the toy in her asshole easily accessible. I retrieved my camera and stood at the opposite end of the couch. She looked ravishing: Her frazzled locks fell in disarray around her face and neck, her cheeks and chest rosey from exertion. Her big eyes peered into the lens, seemingly unable to focus as she gathered herself. Her mouth hung open slightly. Feeling the pressure of the camera she began rubbing her clit, making her the vision of a perfect teenage fuck-doll.
"You having fun?" I asked.
"Mmm-hmm." She answered.
"You ever make a movie like this before?"
"I've sent stuff to boys before, but no, I've never done anything like this."
"Then perhaps we ought to make things a bit more official. What's your name young lady?"
"Anya."
"And how old are you, Anya?"
"Eighteen."
"You realize we're going to need some proof, considering everything we have been and will be filming tonight, right?"
"I suppose," She giggled, "Hold on." She found her shorts on the floor and pulled her ID out, holding it up for inspection. I zoomed in to document her legality.
"Thank you, Anya the eighteen-year-old slut."
"You're welcome, Levi the old pervert."
"What should we do next?" I wondered.
"Hmmm," She mused. "You could film me playing with myself while I watch this porno, then come fuck this pretty face so you get some nice POV content."
"And I thought I was the pervert!"
She shifted her attention to the tv and took hold of the plug in her ass from underneath with her left hand, then jammed three fingers into her cunt from above with the other. I could see the spit and tears that had been smeared around when she gobbled me down glint in the glow of the screen, and I was loving the way her eye makeup had started to run. Wanting to showcase it, I framed the shot as a closeup, capturing the involuntary twitches and spasms that flashed across her face as she pleasured both of her holes simultaneously. After a moment I zoomed out a bit and panned slowly across her naked teenage body. Her fat, jiggling tits, her flat stomach, and her long legs that spread further and further apart as the intensity of her solo-show increased became too much for me, so I began stroking myself slowly to relieve some of the tension. That's when Anya looked back at the camera, pulled her fingers from her blooming pussy, brought them to her lips, and began gagging herself.
"I suppose if I got those POV shots you mentioned you could have all of your holes occupied. Is that what you want? You want me to make your pretty face my fuck-toy?"
"Mmm-hmmm," Came her muffled reply.
"I'm sorry, I can't quite make that out. What'd you say?"
"Come use my throat so I can be air-tight."
"Don't tell me what to do."
"Please!" She begged.
"Hmm. I'm not so sure I'm ready to do that yet. Can you convince me?"
"Yes! Anything! I need cock now! Just fucking tell me what you want!"
"Pull your knees up to your chest and open those slutty holes for the camera. I think our viewers deserve a closer look, don't you?" She complied and I moved in closer. "Tell me! Do you?" I wanted an answer.
"Yes," she agreed.
"Yes what?"
"Zoom in so everyone can see what my slutty teenage holes look like up close!"
I pulled in tight on her finger-stretched gaps and asked her, "I'm curious, who do you think might see this video?"
"I don't know. Your friends? Perverts on the internet? I don't really care, I just get so wet when I think about people watching you turn me into a cum-dump."
"Really?"
"Mmm hmm. In high-school I liked to convince my girlfriends to get on chat roulette with me so we could tease and flash random guys. I even got one girl to eat my pussy for this old man. Watching him jerk off to us turned me on so fucking much. I still think about it all the time when I'm masturbating."
She was describing this to me while still lying on her back with her ass in the air. I was using the butt plug to train her to gape by shoving it in slowly to it's widest point, pulling it out quick, and then putting it back as soon as it started to close. Anya was a willing student, spreading her cheeks apart and making sure to give the camera the performance she knew I wanted.
"Ooh. Fuck yeah. Look at that! Keep it open for me baby. Prove how bad you want this cock." I egged her on, completely engrossed in conditioning her elastic little cock-pocket for the fucking to come.
"Is that the freakiest thing you've ever done, giving that old man a show?" I asked after planting the toy firmly back into her asshole. I widened the shot to capture her figure and face, and waited for her answer. She continued touching herself, using the tips of her fingers to work her clit in a circular motion as she thought.
"Other than this? Not quite. A few months ago, right after I graduated, I was sleeping over at my friend Leslie's house, and we got into her parents liquor cabinet while they were out for the night. She drank too much, too fast; got sick and passed out early. I got bored and went downstairs to watch TV, and while I was scrolling through the guide I realized they had the adult channels..."
"Oh shit, you couldn't help yourself could you?" I interrupted.
"I mean, I was drunk, bored, and horny. Before I knew it I had one hand between my legs and the other up my shirt. I was so engrossed I didn't realize her parents came back until they walked in on me."
"Did they make you leave?"
"Hardly. What I didn't know is that they were swingers. Hot ones too. They'd gotten pregnant in high school, so they were only in their thirties and still looked damn good. Especially the mom. Anyway, I was completely mortified. When I realized what was happening I started looking for the remote, but it had gotten buried in the couch cushions while I was squirming around."
"Of course," I sympathized. "Go on."
"So I'm sitting there in front of my friends parents with hardcore porn plastered all over their big-screen. I look down at myself and realize my tits are out and my shorts are pulled aside, exposing my pussy. I reach for a blanket to cover myself, but before I can grab it Leslie's mom snatches it out of my reach. Then things get weird. She looks around and asks me where Leslie is, and I tell her she got sick and fell asleep. She leans over, grabs my face and kisses me really hard, and with lots of tongue. 'She's been drinking,' she tells her husband, then asks, 'Where'd you get the booze?' I tell her, and she says, 'You stole from us?' I try to defend myself and say that it was Leslie's idea; that Leslie said it was cool, but she's not having it. 'You stole from us!'She repeats, practically hissing at me. Her husband puts his hand on her shoulder, pulling her back. 'Calm down honey, she's going to make it right. Aren't you sweetie?' I tell them of course I will. I'll pay them back right now, I say, I just need to get my purse. 'No, we don't want you to pay us. We want you to make itright.' I stared up at them for a second, then realizing what they were suggesting, leaned back and asked (as innocently as possible,) 'How can I do that?' They look at each other, grinning like idiots, then say, 'Well, we've got some new friends coming over, and we'd like you to help us entertain them.' 'Just tell me what to do.' I replied. When Leslie's mom brought the other couple in (who was younger and even hotter) I was in the middle of the room, naked and on my knees, blowing Leslie's dad, porn still blaring in the background."
"Those lucky fucks," I exclaimed. "You're a fucking wet dream come true."
"Please come fuck me now," She pleaded, "I'm so wet just thinking about it."
"Alright, but first, tell me how that night played out. Did you have any new experiences?"
"Yeah, I mean, I'd never gotten fucked and eaten pussy at the same time; And I'd never had two cocks at once, or swapped cum before."
"Did you swallow?"
"Yeah, it was actually really nasty... but, you know... in a good way. I was kneeling on the floor with both the women in front of me. I had a ball gag in my mouth which made me drool all over myself while I played with their pussies. Each of the men jerked off into the other one's wife's mouth while I waited, then they pulled the gag aside and spit the loads into my mouth. We swapped it around a few times, but I ended up with the mouthful of course. I held it there for a minute so they could snap some pictures, then swallowed it on command."
"Wow! They really turned you out," I commented.
She'd been working her clit the whole time she was talking, ratcheting up the intensity so much so that by the end she was practically panting; Her words coming out a breath at a time. As she reached climax again she moaned: "YOU. HAVE. NO. IDEAHHHHH!"
"No, I think I get the picture. Now come here so I can fuck your face." We locked eyes as she sat up and began to slowly crawl down the length of the sofa to where my stiff boner was waiting. Her once alabaster complexion had taken on a rosier shade, and her shapely figure looked exquisite through the lens of my camera. Her hips swayed seductively as she crawled, prompting me to zoom in on that wonderful ass of hers, where of course, the toy she'd grown so fond of was still firmly planted. As I leaned over to reach for it she began to tease and nuzzle the tip of my cock. Taking hold of the base of the butt plug, I pulled it out and brought it to her lips. Looking up at me, she hesitated, unsure of herself.
"Look, it's clean. Are you as nasty a whore as you seem? Ready to taste your ass?" She parted her lips slowly as i ran the tip of the toy around them. Finally, she opened up enough for me to ease it into her mouth. I kept pushing until only the base was visible, then began smacking her with my cock, smearing her face with spit and pre-come.
"That's a good whore! You want me to make you happy?" She nodded her answer while looking up into the camera. "And what makes a good whore happy, hmm?" I pulled the toy out of her mouth so she could answer.
"Slapping, spitting, name-calling, bondage... all that shit. Just use my fucking body however the fuck you want so I can feel like a slutty little fuck-doll!"
"You've got it!" I stuck the plug back into her ass and put the camera on the tripod. "Hold still while I set up the shot. Keep your mouth open." Once I'd finished I moved into position, eager to push her limits. I took hold of her with my right hand on her neck just under her jaw, my left hand behind her head, then slid my cock all the way down her throat and held her there. "Hold it. Hold it! Good girl." Once I felt her drool on my balls I pulled her off, tilted her head back, and dropped a string of spit into her mouth before using my fingers to violate her throat. A web of saliva clung to them as I pulled my hand out of her mouth, so I decided to mess up her makeup even more by wiping it across her face, then I slapped her on the mouth.
"Grh-hrr. Yeah!" She grunted, "Fuck my pretty face up mother fucker! Gimme that dick!"
I pinched her nose between my knuckles and pumped my meat in and out of her face-pussy mercilessly. The clapping of my nuts and the gasping and gagging as she inhaled what little air she could in between thrusts was the soundtrack of her destruction. I let go of her nose and shoved into her for a good bit, using my thumbs to pull up on her eyelids and forcing her to look up at me, then started thrusting again. When I felt myself close to coming I pulled away and dangled my cock out in front of her drooling mouth which hung open, hungry for more.
"Spit on it." I commanded and she obeyed. "Now stick your tongue out." I took ahold of her by the neck and head again, this time with the goal of face-fucking her to her breaking-point. About a minute in I looked down and found her glaring up at me with a look of determination despite the tears streaming down her cheeks. I hiked my leg up onto the arm of the couch and pounded harder, still holding onto her with both hands and using her face like a fleshlight. After another minute there was so much throat-slime built up she was involuntarily blowing bubbles out of her nose.
"Oh my god - you disgusting little fuck-pig! I can't believe you'd let someone do this to you, let alone a dude you just met." The verbal abuse didn't seem to discourage her, so I kept on. "Are you proud of yourself - being filmed by a stranger to whom you're nothing more than a collection of wet holes?" She nodded while I smeared my turgid shaft back and forth across her youthful countenance, glazing her like a donut. She moaned her approval while licking and sucking my ballsack. "You worthless fucking slut," I said while tossing her to the floor, "Get off my couch and get on your knees; as low as you can."
"Like this?" She asked innocently as she got into position.
"Shut the fuck up whore!" I punctuated my reply with another sharp smack across her mouth. "Put your hands behind your back and grab your wrists while I use your throat some more." I directed my cock towards her when she piped up again.
"Aren't you forgetting something?" She gestured towards the camera, which was still pointing towards the couch.
"Ah. So I am. Very good, slut. We wouldn't want our viewers to miss any of the action now, would we?" I softened my tone a bit for dynamic effect.
"No Sir."
"You're learning well, but do you think calling me 'Sir' is going to make things any easier for you?"
"I hope not, Sir."
"Heh," I chuckled, "You sure are something. Do me a favor, help me frame the shot. Sit all the way down and open your mouth. Wider. Wider. Now stick out your tongue and use your fingers to stretch your cheeks out and make your mouth open up as big as you can... that's it... now look at the camera." Peering into the viewfinder, I was greeted with the image of a ravaged teenage beauty kneeling in the middle of my living room floor, fish-hooking herself, face dripping with throat slime, waiting patiently for whatever was to come.
"Stay still, understand? No matter what, you hold that position." She nodded. I reached into my toybox and produced a small black whip. Her eyes tracked it as I brought it to her chest and brushed it against her erect nipples. She squirmed a bit in anticipation. I started by dragging it up and down her torso from her tits to her pussy, letting her worry build for a moment before I smacked it gently against one breast, then the other. Her brow furrowed in disapproval.
"You don't like it soft? You wanna be whipped harder?" She nodded. I drew back and snapped my wrist, causing the tips of the tassels to land sharply on her taut pale tit-flesh. She whimpered for a second - then moaned - and began bouncing and rolling her hips in a non-verbal plea for more punishment. I changed direction and whipped her again, then once more. When the color of her chest turned from it's aroused shade of light pink to a darker crimson I turned my attention to her throbbing snatch. Anya yipped and jumped with each stinging jolt I lit her up with.
"Arch your back and stick your ass out...yeah, just like that." I moved around to the side and worked her fat, jiggly ass cheeks with the whip until they too had gained some color. "Now turn around and get on all fours with your ass to the camera...good. Keep your back arched. Very nice." I knelt beside her and spread her open for the camera again, one hole at a time, spitting on and fingering her wet pink cock-sockets, then reached back into the box and produced a long, double-sided rubber dildo. "I wonder how tight these holes are? Let's find out." I stuck one end of the fake schlong in her ass and the other in her pussy as deep as it would go, then stood and grabbed her by the hair. Using it as a leash, I slowly led her a few paces away from the camera, watching to see how much crawling around it would take to dislodge the dildo. We made it down and back with both holes still plugged, so I turned her ass to the camera and face-fucked her aggressively. Eventually the rocking and shaking from my assault on her oral orifice caused the end in her pussy to jiggle out, and a moment later her ass was empty as well.
"Fuck my ass please!" She screamed as soon as I retracted my cock from her throat. While I took the camera from it's stand she put her head and shoulders to the floor and stuck her ass as high in the air as she could manage, wiggling it back and forth to entice me further. Filming from POV now, I straddled her rump and pointed my cock down so it's head was pressing on her slick young balloon-knot. I pushed in, capturing every detail of her elastic anus as it engulfed my girthy member.
"Mmmm. Ughhh. Ahh! Fuck yeah. Ooh, god it feels so big in my ass! I love it! Fuck!" Anya cood and purred the entire time I was slowly plunging balls-deep into her ass. I slid the length of my shaft back out just as deliberately, then back in again. Gradually, I increased the pace of my thrusts until the sound of my nuts slapping against her sopping cunt rivaled her moans in frequency and volume.
"Hold your ass open whore." I barked. I popped the head of my dick out and focused on her tiny gape, which closed up almost immediately. "You can do better than that."
"Pound it then! Train my ass with that thick cock. Teach me how to be a gaping slut!"
I obliged her at once, drilling her ripe, young sphincter with ferocious rapidity for as long as I could. A few minutes in she quit holding her ass open in order to play with her clit. She came quickly and loudly, but I never slowed down. When my stamina did begin to wane and sweat started dripping onto her back, I pushed in as deep as possible and held it for a beat before inching my slick pole out, finally capturing a nice, long, perfectly round gaping teenage asshole.
"Very nice," I commended her, "I think you're finally learning."
"Mm-more please." She moaned, finally surfacing from the depths of her umpteenth orgasm.
"What's that?"
"Train my holes some more please. Fill me up and stretch me out like a good whore." Seeing the double dildo on the floor next to her, she grabbed it and slid it down her throat.
"You want to be stretched huh? Give me that," I said, reaching for the rubber dick. She handed it over obediently and immediately reached back to spread her cheeks again. I once again placed one end of the dildo into her ass, then held the other end against my cock as I pushed the tips of both into her pussy.
"Oh my god what the fuck are you doing?" Anya exclaimed.
"Shut the fuck up and push back into me. If you want to be a real slut then you better get ready for cocks a lot bigger than mine." I warned. "Shit, a nympho like you is bound to take two cocks in one hole eventually, so you might as well get used to it... Just be glad I started with your pussy."
Being the compliant slut she was, Anya began pushing back as I had instructed. She did so tentatively at first, then, as she realized how accepting of the two phallus' her pussy truly was, she began rocking back into me fervently. Since she was doing all the work of pistoning the cocks in and out of her pussy, I took hold of the ass-half of the dildo and used it to treat myself (and my eventual viewers) to some more lovely anal gapes.
"Oh god! My holes are so full! I can't believe it all fits in my pussy!" She yelled. "Fuck, it feels so good daddy!"
"I'm not your fuckin daddy, bitch!" And with that I grabbed her hair and jerked her head up off the ground. "You like having three cocks in you, don't you? You wish they were all real?" I asked her, indulging a fantasy.
"Yes baby. I wish I had ten cocks here to take turns with my holes," She fantasized.
"Are you gonna tell your friends how you got triple penetrated by a stranger this weekend? How he promised to turn you into a top tier cum-whore for him and all his buddies to use?" I was laying the groundwork for our next encounter now. I wanted to let her know my plans for her while she was in her most vulnerable, agreeable state.
"Is that true?" She asked, "You promise you're gonna share me?"
"Mmm-hmm," I confirmed. "I can't wait to film you taking every cock we throw at you; draining every set of balls you can fit into your pretty little mouth. Would you like that?"
"Fuck! Yes!" She screamed. Her pussy contracted as her body shivered from yet another orgasm. I emptied her holes and pushed her over off her knees, filming her crumple to the floor from utter carnal fulfilment. She lay there panting and moaning, running her hands up and down her beautiful frame from her tits to her snatch, rubbing and pinching, sucking and squeezing, enduring the waves of excruciating pleasure rippling through her body.
The finale of my fuck flick now in mind, I once again placed the camera on its perch before kneeling down and gently stroking Anya's forehead, pushing a wisp of hair out of her eyes.
"If you want to impress my friends, you're going to have to learn to fuck like a pro... like these whores do," I advised, gesturing towards the constant barrage of smut on the bigscreen. She looked over as an asian teenager was spreading her legs in reverse cowgirl, one cock already in her ass, another on approach towards her bald and begging pussy. I grabbed Anya's mouth and squeezed her cheeks hard, forcing her to look back at me. "Think you can do that?" She nodded submissively. I took my position on the couch and watched as Anya backed into me and sat down on my cock. Her well-conditioned asshole felt even better than before, and as soon as she was holding herself up (her feet on my thighs, her hands on my chest) I began pumping my meat in and out of it, eager to empty my aching balls.
"Ughh," She moaned, "Play with my pussy while you fuck my ass!"
"Do it yourself, whore." I responded, not wanting to lose my rhythm. I held her up so she could have a free hand with which to fondle herself. I visualized the footage I was getting, excited at the thought of showing it off to the vast community of perverts on the internet. "Time to show off your holes again. We're going to do three. Open yourself up for as long as you can, then back down, three times. Understand?"
"Mmmhmm." She replied.
"Then I'll give you some cum. Are you ready for some cum?"
"Yes please."
She arched her back as I lifted and spread her ass.
"Look at the camera and keep your mouth open while you show off your gape. Remember, you're going to be the subject of many fantasies; Ones where they use your open holes while you get ass fucked."
She sat back down on my cock.
"Again." This time she squeezed her tits while following my earlier instructions. "You're getting into this, aren't you?"
"I fucking love being put on display like this!"
"One more time. Open wide." This time she throated herself with her whole hand, pulling out strings of saliva and playing with them while gazing into the lens. I scooted out from beneath her then stood up on the couch and gave her an ass-to-mouth face fucking. The stunning young nympho compliantly took me balls deep, even sticking her tongue out to prove what an eager piece of fuck-meat she was. I used her like that for a moment longer, then pulled out and stroked off the rest of the way.
"You ready for this load baby?"
"Yeah, shoot that cum all over this pretty face."
"Open your mouth and stretch your cheeks out like before, with your tongue out. Yeah, that's perfect. Degrade yourself for me you filthy little slut."
I unleashed my load with her just like that, striking the exquisite image of a submissive teenage fuck-doll. Anya flinched slightly as the first rope landed diagonally just above her right eye, crossing the bridge of her nose and onto her cheekbone. Her eyes brightened with the happiness of a properly used slut getting what she's been after. The second rope hit her on the top lip, and her tongue immediately tracked it down. She was giggling as she tasted her salty reward. The next two bursts wound up mostly in her mouth and dripping down her chin, completing my climax.
"Show us what you've got there." She was still fish-hooking herself, wiggling her tongue around inside her wide-open mouth, playing with my jizz. "Go ahead and swallow it. I know you want to." She gulped it down and smiled before opening back up to show it was all gone. "Good girl! Did you have fun tonight?"
"So much fun!" She exclaimed, "Can I come back and play with your friends soon? I want lots of cocks next time!"
"Of course, baby, of course. I'll make sure you get everything you deserve. But it's time to say bye for now, ok?"
"Bye-bye!" As I faded the shot out, she waved sweetly for a moment, then began playing with the thick white sperm that was still dripping from her face, grinning all the while.
Without saying a word I began cleaning up my stuff, indicating to Anya that I was finished with her for now. Without missing a beat she said, "Gimme your phone." I handed it over and she matter-of-factly put in her contact info and snapped a quick selfie of her cum-covered face for the contact image.
"Go clean up. I'll get you an Uber." I told her.
After she left, I got to work editing the scene. Before the sun rose I had it up on my favorite private message boards, and within a few hours my inbox was full of inquiries on participating in the next scene. I also sent the link to Anya so she could see how popular she'd become, and she quickly replied, asking me to collect pictures and information on her would be stunt-cocks so we can "...decide who's going to gangbang me."
"Sure thing," I replied, "I'll see you soon. In the meantime, send nudes. ;)"