Having spent more than a few evenings walking naked and driving naked I decided that the time had come to find someone to join me on these adventures. The question was, where was I going to find someone who didn't mind being naked with someone else who would be quite rightly almost a stranger and would anyone be up for such an experience.
I decided to do a search on the internet and eventually found a site for nudist penpals. Profile written, pictures posted and then a question of initially seeing if anyone contacted me. I had a number of messages from people miles away and often outside the UK. While I guess they got the idea they certainly weren't going to be able to join me. Weeks went by and these spread into months. I had almost given up hope of being joined by anyone - maybe it was the fact that I was looking for a female to join me.
I logged in one evening to find a message from a woman called Chrissie. She lived about 10 miles from me and we started to chat about our adventures with nudity and what we would like to do. I had told Chrissie that I had been out walking nude on more than a few occasions and she said that she didn't know whether she had the nerve to do it. Over the weeks we still chatted and the idea of nude walking came up in our conversations plenty of times. I guessed that Chrissie was intrigued by it.
Eventually, Chrissie asked me if I had any walks planned. I told her that I was planning on going out for a walk at the end of the week and that she could join me if she wanted. Before I knew it Chrissie had agreed to meet me at 9pm on the coming Friday evening. I told her where to meet me and waited for the Friday to come round.
Finally it was Friday. The weather had started to turn chilly after a reasonably long hot spell and I thought that Chrissie might pull out at the last minute. As the day passed I readied myself for another walk and eventually after work I got ready. Well ready sounds silly doesn't it? I mean, I wasn't going to be wearing anything once I was walking so the suggestion that I got ready sounded stupid. I decided that a t-shirt and shorts with no boxers underneath would be the way to go as normal and I picked out a towel in case I needed it, along with my rucksack.
With the time marching on I grabbed my car keys and drove off to the meet point. The place I'd agreed to meet Chrissie was on a quiet road that had a track off of it, leading down the side of a field. In fact, it was a route I'd used before. I pulled into a small gravel parking area and waited. No one was about and I had almost given up on Chrissie arriving when I saw a car coming down the road. The car pulled in beside mine and Chrissie got out.
Although it had started to turn dark I could see her from the light cast by the interior light in her car. I knew she was in her mid 30's and she had shoulder length blonde hair. She was wearing a loose fitting dress and trainers so I wasn't able to see what her body was like.
"Pete?"
"Chrissie?"
"Glad to finally meet you."
"Yes it's great to finally meet someone who wants to go walking with me."
"Where are we going?"
"The track here leads down the side of the field. I usually stay dressed until I'm halfway down the side of the field and then I strip off and put my clothes in my rucksack. Does that sound OK?"
"Why don't you strip here and leave your clothes in the car?"
"Well, for two reasons really. One is that if I meet someone on the walk I can quickly slip something on and secondly if I walk back to the car naked and someone is here then its easier to see a car and get dressed before getting back here."
"OK, sounds good to me."
We set off we me in the lead and Chrissie walking behind me as the track was narrow at the start. Nearing the spot where I usually got undressed I stopped. I looked round and saw Chrissie behind me.
"OK, well here we go."
I slipped off my shirt and then pulled my shorts down. I stuffed both items into my rucksack.
I could see Chrissie looking at me in the light cast by a rising moon.
"You have a nice body Pete."
"Thanks."
Chrissie looked round then pulled her dress up and over her head. I could now see her. She was a little plump, but I liked that and she was clean shaven around her vagina. Her boobs were quite big, I reckoned a D cup but before I could say anything she spoke.
"36DD before you ask."
"Cheeky, who said I was going to ask."
"I'm just guessing you would."
"Well I would have at some point I guess and anyway, you have a great body."
"Flattery will get you everywhere Pete."
Now that we were naked we started to walk again and the track was now wide enough that we could walk side by side.
We chatted about almost everything and every now and again I swear I caught Chrissie looking at my cock as it swung from side to side as we walked. Mind you, I'd been looking at her gorgeous boobs swinging as we walked so I wasn't innocent on that count.
It was great to finally be able to walk nude with someone else and although it was night there was still the excitement of being nude and outdoors.
We had walked along the first field and had then come to a second field which we reached after I had opened the field gate. Chrissie walked past me and I told her that I needed to pee.
"Well, why don't you go then?"
"OK. There's a bench there you can sit on that while I go."
I stood and faced the hedge and started to pee, a warm jet of pee splashing onto the grass and leaves that had started to drop from the trees. I finished and was just shaking the drops off of my cock when I turned round. Chrissie was sat on the bench with her legs bent up and slightly open as she played with her pussy.
"Don't mind me."
"I won't but the sight of you peeing turned me on so I thought I'd have a play."
Her pussy was wet as I could hear it squelching as she teased it with her fingers. I walked over to her and she stared at my cock which had now started to swell and grow.
"Blimey, I knew your cock was nice when I've been looking at it as we were walking but its gorgeous now."
I stood by her and she stopped playing with herself and she touched my now erect cock. Running her fingers up and down my shaft she felt all of its length and then cupped my balls. She caressed them, gently squeezing each one and rolling them between her thumb and index finger.
My cock twitched as she did this and she then pulled my foreskin back. She licked her lips and gently pulled me closer. I moved towards her, looking at her as she caressed my thick cock. She leant forward and then started to flick her tongue round the tip of my cock.
She moaned and then moved round so that she was facing me, her legs spread as she took the length of my throbbing cock in her mouth. His head moved backwards and forwards as she sucked on my cock, teasing my balls as she swallowed my length. She was really working her mouth on my hard cock. I wanted to taste her pussy or have a suck on her gorgeous boobs but she was having none of it as she worked and worked on my cock. She then changed tack and took my cock out of her mouth. She then started to wank my cock, slowly at first and then faster as she could see that I was clearly enjoying the attention.
Suddenly my balls twitched and I was jetting hot cum on to her face and boobs.
"Mmmm, you dirty bastard, that was so good and your cum tastes so sweet."
"I'm glad you like it."
She lent back on the bench and I knelt down, placing my head between her open legs and directed my tongue onto her swollen clit. I started to flick my tongue around her clit and she pulled her pussy lips open so that I had easier access to her. Her juices tasted so good. I rang my tongue up and down her swollen pussy lips and then flicked it round her clit again. She was moaning as I lapped at her pussy, eager to make her cum. My tongue flicked round and darted in and out of her pussy and I then slid two fingers into her waiting pussy. She gasped as I finger fucked her and licked her at the same time.
My fingers got faster as my tongue worked on her clit. I felt her legs tense and then my face became wet as she squirted her juices onto my face. Fuck, she tasted good.
I moved away and Chrissie stood up. She came over to me and started to tease my cock again. It didn't take much to have it throbbing and erect again.
Chrissie turned round and bent over the bench, opening her legs so that I could slide my cock into her waiting pussy. With my hands on her hips I started to slowly move my thick cock in and out of her. She moaned as my cock filled her pussy and I could hear her boobs slapping together as I fucked her.
I stopped, thinking I had heard someone coming but it was nothing and I started to fuck her harder. Her boobs were really slapping together a I shoved my cock in and out, coating it in her juices. Holding her hips I thrust in and out, faster and faster. Chrissie moaned and this just made me want to explode deep inside her.
I could feel her hand then between her legs as she rubbed her clit as I fucked her. I moved my left hand and sucked on my left index finger, making it wet. She had no idea what was coming as I then slide it into her puckered arsehole as I fucked her.
"Oh, you dirty bastard. Fuck me harder and fill me with your cum."
I could hear my balls slapping on her as I fucked her tight pussy. This was what I had waited all these months for. Pushing my finger in and out, cock thrusting and her finger working on her clit was sheer ecstasy.
I could then feel my cum rising again and I suddenly exploded deep in her pussy. She shuddered as I emptied my balls into her. I kept my cock inside her before slowly sliding it out. We then both sat on the bench, looking over the moonlit countryside.
"I can't believe that I haven't done this before. I'm glad I messaged you as this is so good. I only wish that next time we walk in the daylight. What do you reckon?"
"I'm always up for a nude walk so you don't need to ask me twice."
After 15 minutes we stood up and began our walk back to the cars. At the half way point we slipped our clothes on and then walked back to our cars.
That was just the first walk of many...