Please enjoy this new story. It is a work of fiction, intended for adult readers. All characters are adults, eighteen or older, and unusually horny.
If you would like to assist with proofreading/editing, please contact me via the CONTACT tab on my profile. Thanks. --Taylor VanCannon.
* * * * *
I pulled into the parking lot and glanced at my watch; ten minutes early. I already regretted agreeing to a blind date, and if I hadn't been so fucking horny, I never would have let it get this far.
At lunch today, Julie and Sissy raved about Stanton, the lawyer recently hired by their firm. Julie was the receptionist and Sissy was selected to be Stanton's legal assistant. They insisted he was just what I needed, tall, dark and handsome, with the deep baritone voice of a radio announcer. Basically, the exact opposite of the jokers they called husbands.
I'm Frankie, and I'm between boyfriends... for far too long. I reluctantly answered when I saw Stanton's incoming call. After exchanging small talk, I was pleasantly surprised when he suggested dinner, tonight, at a very romantic French restaurant.Maybe my friends knew what they were talking about.
I tried on every dress I owned, trying to find one that matched my budding carnal expectations. I settled on the sexiest thing in my closet, a black number, low cut with a short flared skirt. So short, that I had to be careful how far I bent over. My tits were firm and the dress pushed them up nearly exposing my areola. I decided to go braless and picked out a tiny thong to match black stilettos.
I twirled in front of the mirror, seeing just how far out I could flare my skirt before I showed too much; I had every intention of getting fucked tonight. It had been weeks, or was it months; I couldn't bear another night, home alone, with nothing more than my vibrating dildo.
I stripped and got into the shower. It was all I could do to keep my hands away from my crotch. Stanton had no idea what he was in for. My condo was on the 20thfloor with a view of the bright city lights, especially from the king size bed. It was the perfect place to end the evening. That somebody might be watching from an adjacent building always turned me on.
I stood in front of the dressing mirror, taking a critical look at my body. Not too bad, for thirty-one. Not quite the smoking hot body I had at twenty-one, but my tits were still perky, and a nice handful. I cupped them and tugged at my hard nipples.Fuck! How did I get so desperately horny?
I turned and looked over my shoulder, admiring my ass. It was broad, full, topping my long, slender legs. It was my best asset, and I knew it drove men wild. I couldn't resist a closer look. I bent over and gazed back between my legs at my puffy pussy lips poking out from my unruly strawberry blond bush. I shook out my thick curls and ran my fingers through my long hair. I wiggled my ass, then reached back to spread my cheeks, exposing my tight little pucker. Now, that really drove men wild, or at least it did in the last porno I watched. The thought of a cock up my ass never did much for me, and I didn't expect that to change tonight.
Enough! Get a grip!
* * * * *
I pulled my Miata into a secluded spot at the back of Le Bistro's parking lot, away from any other cars. I took pride in my ride, and went out of the way to avoid any dings.
I glanced at my watch. Shit! Ten minutes early. My eyes adjusted to the dimly lit lot. I punched up a romantic playlist on my iPhone, like I wasn't horny enough already. The ride over did nothing to tamp down my desire for Stanton. My imagination ran wild with erotic scenarios.
Two minutes to go.Should I go in and wait for him in the restaurant?I didn't want to appear desperate, but fuck, Iwasdesperate.
The music faded, signaling an incoming text message. I didn't even bother looking down; I could guess who it was.Fucking blind date, why did I ever agree to it. Shit! Shit! Shit!
I waited until the track finished before reading the message:Can't get away. They're working me like a dog. Sorry. Another time.
"Fuck you!" I shouted inside the car, "Fuck you Sissy! Fuck you Julie! Why did I ever listen to you?"
I keyed in my answer:FUCK YOU!
My finger hovered over the send button. By the time I pressed it, I had retyped the message:Understood. Another time.
What a pussy, holding out hope for a future date. Hopeless!I spread my legs, as much as the small car would allow, and reached into my crotch. I was wet, very wet. I tugged at my thong, pulling the thin fabric taut, forcing it in between the puffy lips of my pussy, increasing the pressure on my already engorged clit.Fuck, was this how this date was going to end, fingering myself in a parking lot?
I used my free hand to thumb through my contacts, hoping a name would pop, something from the past, anyone who could put out the fire burning within me. Nothing! I was out of ideas. In a moment of weakness, I considered walking into the bar and trolling for a quick fuck.How had it come to this?I pulled my hand from between my legs and pounded the steering wheel.Fuck! Fuck! Fuck!
I was about to turn the ignition key when I remembered FuckBuddy, a hook-up app for the iPhone.Who had told me about it? Julie? Sissy? No, it wouldn't have been them, they are married. Who was it?
I wracked my brain as I downloaded the app and launched it. I gave up trying to recall who told me about it and took the shortcut to create a new account from my Facebook. Two minutes later, my new FuckBuddy account was active. I selected a nice head shot, a couple of attractive body shots and typed in my tag line:Wine me, dine me, and find out what the asshole that stood me up will be missing tonight.
That should get somebody's attention. I set the distance to five miles and age range twenty-five to forty.
Jack popped up. Good looking, but black. Not tonight. I tapped thumbs down.
Joe was next. Ugly. Another thumbs down.
David, good looking, well dressed. Possible. Looking for a soul-mate. That was the last thing I wanted tonight. Thumbs down, again.
Sam, not bad, a little chunky, Italian with slicked back hair. He would do. This time I tapped thumbs up.
Fred, just ok and I was getting desperate. Another thumbs up.
Next up, Johnny.Really? Frankie and Johnny.Short hair, with a wry smile. A jock? He looked big, maybe six foot. Husky. Not really my type. But... his tag caught my attention: "My ladies always cum first." Bold. Just what I was looking for, and time was ticking away. Thumbs up.
Holy fuck! A match already... and he was online.
Johnny:Nice picture, love your long hair.
Me:Thanks.I was cautious, my mind torn between lust and anxiety.
Johnny:Are you up for dinner?
Me:I am.
Johnny:How about Le Bistro?
Can this be true?Me:Lucky guess, I'm in the parking lot.
Johnny:Are you horny?
Me:Are you always so blunt?
Johnny:Yes, tell me I'm right?
Me:Yeah, I'm horny. What's with your tag?
Johnny:My speciality, getting my dates off. As many times as they want.
Me:Are you always this full of yourself?
Johnny:It's a gift. Let's have dinner, you won't regret it.
Me:I already regret it, but I've come too far to turn back now.
Johnny:Great! I just called for a table. I can be there in ten minutes, you can have your first go in the parking lot.
Me:Are you fucking crazy?
Johnny:Yes, what are you driving?
Me:A Miata.
My hand was back in my crotch, gently tracing the line of the thong wedged into my crack.Fuck!I wanted to get off in the worst way.Ten minutes, I have ten minutes to change my mind and get the hell out of here.
* * * * *
Johnny's Porsche 911 pulled up beside me. He returned my smile and wedged himself into the passenger seat of my Miata. I caught a quick look at him before the dome light faded off. He was even bigger than his profile picture, and was a tight fit in my little car. His head brushed against the roof of the hardtop as he leaned back into the seat.
"Johnny," he said, with a big engaging smile, extending his hand.
I took his outstretched hand, "Frankie," I said, cautiously, sizing him up.
His smile turned to a cocky grin, "You started without me."
My hand froze in my crotch.He couldn't possibly know what I was doing, it was too dark. He had to be guessing. Fuck! He was just what I wanted right now. In for a dime, in for a dollar."Busted!" I confessed, "But how?"
"Your scent," he said, tapping his nose with his index finger. He place a hand on my knee and said, "Let me help."
I looked at him skeptically.It was a confined space, could he really smell my... lust?The touch of his hand on my bare leg was red hot. I was too far gone to say no. "Mmmm," I whispered, suggesting the answer he was looking for.
His fingers walked their way up the inside of my thigh, squeezing the soft flesh as he closed in on my crotch.
I held my breath, anticipating the arrival of his fingers.
He reached the crease at the top of my leg and wove his finger through my kinky pubes until he reached the edge of my moist gash.
I moaned when our fingers touched, and together we caressed my swollen lips. He toyed with my thong, snapping it against my tender clit. I wanted more, so I pulled the narrow fabric to one side. I felt a rush of pleasure as his finger plunged into me. I flicked my hard nub, bringing me ever closer to orgasm. And then his finger was gone... out of me.What the fuck?
Before I could speak, the tip of his wet finger was tracing the contours of my mouth. I caught a whiff of my own aroma before tasting it on my lips. My senses were on overload and I was eager for more. He swiped his finger across my lips, transferring more of my juices, then finished by sucking what remained off of his finger.
"I love your musky aroma," he said, in a low whisper. "Now I want to taste it on your lips."
"Mmmm," was all I could get out before he gave me a gentle kiss. My finger was back in my gash, rolling my hard clit from side to side. My moan was smothered by another kiss, this time harder and more passionate. I forced my tongue into his mouth and he eagerly sucked it in.
He wrapped an arm around my shoulders and slipped his hand inside my dress, cupping my breast, tweaking my hard nipple with his fingers. He forced his finger back up inside me, leaving me plenty of room to finger my clit.
I gasped for breath as he tugged on my nipple and sucked on my tongue.So close... don't fuck this up.
He understood my needs, and concentrated on my nipple and tongue, letting me find my own way to an orgasm. It wouldn't take me long.
My muffled grunts came in short bursts, my head unsteady as I struggled to keep his tongue in my mouth. Then it hit; a powerful orgasm seized my body. My tongue flailed out, licking his lips uncontrollably as I kept my finger firmly pressed against my clit, prolonging my orgasm.
He remained quiet, gently caressing my breast, letting me come down from my pleasure peak at my own pace.
Back under control, I finally said, "That was fantastic, exactly what I needed."
"Glad I could get the job done," he replied.
I reached for his cock. Given the small size of my car, there was no way I could get my head over into his lap. I gave him a light squeeze, surprised that his cock was still soft. "How are we going to do this?"
He hesitated long enough that I thought he might be playing dumb too make me tell him what I had in mind. But that wasn't his style. "I'm famished, let's eat first," he said.
I looked at him in the dim light, trying to read the expression on his face.What guy would turn down a blowjob?"I can be quick and I'm really good at it. Let me open my door and you can stand next to me."
"Tempting," he replied, and then asked, "Do you enjoy sucking cock?"
I laughed, even more confused.Did he want a blowjob or not?I decided to play along. "I do," I said, "in fact, I'd probably have to suck at least ten cocks before I found a guy that could send me to the moon like you just did."
"Think of that as an appetizer," he said, "the main course will take you to Mars."
"You're really going to pass up a blowjob?" I asked.
He smiled. "I'm more of an ass man."
I furrowed my brow. "That's definitelynoton the menu."
If he was disappointed, he didn't show it. "Not a problem," he said.
His tone told me he had no intention of giving up so easily. My demeanor softened a touch when I remembered that it had already crossed my mind while I was still getting dressed. I decided to let it go. "What if once was enough for me, and I'm ready to head home."
He leaned in and whispered into my ear, "Was once enough?"
I knew the answer as soon as his hot breath hit my ear. I gave my clit one last flick before removing my hand, "No, I want more."
"Good," he said, "I'll even find you a cock to suck during your next orgasm."
It was an odd answer for a guy that just turned down a blow job. "Your cock?" I asked, innocently.
"We'll discuss that over appetizers. Do you like oysters?"
"Never had them."
* * * * *
We strolled into the restaurant and approached the maitre d', a distinguished French gentleman. He wore his greying beard closely cropped and was informally dressed in black, without a tie. "Monsieur Johnny," he said with a thick French accent, "this is an unexpected surprise." It was a warm greeting, including the obligatory kissing of the cheeks. "Mademoiselle, you are a welcome sight to our modest establishment. My name is Henri, I am at your service."
"Frankie," I replied, giving him a slight curtsy. Henri took my hand, bowed with a flourish and gave it a tender kiss. "Ooo la la," I cooed, "so elegant." Obviously, this wasn't the first date Johnny had brought to this restaurant. But no matter, I enjoyed the attention.
Henri whispered something into Johnny's ear, then led them over to a secluded hi-top table in the cocktail lounge.
"They need a few minutes to get our table ready," Johnny said.
I looked over to the dining room and saw plenty of empty tables. I was about to say something, when Henri returned to the table with a bottle of Champagne in an ice bucket.
"This is from a new cellar we are considering," Henri said, beaming with pride, "I'd be honored if you would try it."
"Thanks Henri," Johnny said, giving him a wink, "but you know I'm a creature of habit. Let's make it the usual."
"As you wish," Henri said, making no attempt to hide his disappointment. "Pierre is off tonight, shall I call him in?"
"No, that won't be necessary."
"As you wish," Henri said, backing away from the table.
"What was that about?" I asked.
"It's nothing," he said, "they can be so pretentious here. It doesn't hurt to give them a little tweak once in a while. Besides, I've been doing it ever since I started coming here. It's a little game we play."
"No, not the wine, I mean about Pierre," I said.
Before Johnny could answer, Henri retuned, muttering, "I don't know how you can drink this... this... swill." He set the ice bucket on the table, pulled out the bottle and wiped the moisture off. With a flourish, he held his nose with one hand, and presented the bottle of Cava to Johnny.
I was mortified, until Johnny broke into laughter, and was soon joined by Henri. "Is somebody going to let me in on the joke?" I asked.
"Mademoiselle," Henri began, "the Spaniards make this using the French method of making... I can barely say the word while holding this bottle... Champagne, outside of Barcelona, in the shadow of Monserrat. It is an insult to the French and we refuse to let them call it Champagne. Cava! What a crude name, just like the drink." He popped the cork and poured me a taste.
I held the glass to my nose, expecting the worst. I was surprised by the fragrant aroma and took a taste. "I like it," I announced, "its light and fruity."
"Americans," Henri said, shaking his head and filling both their glasses. "Enjoy... if you can."
"Is he serious?" I asked when he was gone.
"Of course not," Johnny replied, "I'm one of his best customers."
"So, all your dates get this treatment?"
"Only the first time," he said, flashing me a wicked grin. "Cheers!"
I clinked his glass and took another sip. "So, who is Pierre?"
"He's my regular waiter."
My curiosity was piqued. "Why would he do that? I mean offer to call him back in."
"Serving me has certain benefits, perhaps he wanted to let Pierre decide for himself."
I drained my glass and held it out for a refill. "Something beside the tip?"
"Yes, you could put it that way."
I felt a warm buzz from the Cava, and let it fuel my imagination as I pondered his response. The promise of an even better orgasm than what I experienced in the car had me horny again. "Am I the tip?" I asked, giving him a smile wide enough to match his wicked grin.
"Only if you want to," he said, "it's entirely up to you."
"Right," I said, sarcastically, "notip, no ticket to paradise."
He laughed, "You said you liked to suck cock, just think of it as a prelude to what I'm going to do for you."
"And, what exactly is that?" I asked.
"I'm going down on you."
"Here, in the restaurant?"
"Of course."
Before I could respond, Henri approached and led us to our table.
* * * * *
We entered a small room with a single table in one corner. There were no chairs, just a corner banquet. Henri pulled the table back to give us room to slide in and sit on adjacent sides of the table.
"This is cozy," I said, winking at Henri.
He topped off our wine glasses with a flourish. He raised a hand and snapped his fingers.
Two waiters appeared, formally dressed with a linen towels slung over their forearms.
Henri said, "This is Jean, and his assistant Gustave."
Both nodded curtly, but remained silent.
He addressed me. "They are from our sister restaurant, in France, on loan to us to train the new waiters we recently hired. Their English is rudimentary, but Johnny is fluent in French, so I'm sure you will do just fine."
I smiled, intrigued by the handsome young men.
Johnny addressed the waiters in French and spoke to them at length.
After Henri, Jean and Gustave left the room, I asked, "What was that all about?"
"Sorry about the language," Johnny said, "I needed to make sure they understood my plans for the evening. Fortunately, Pierre already filled them in."
The free flowing Cava had clouded my normal inhibitions. "Your plans? I said, sarcastically. "Aren't I the one that will be sucking their cocks?"
Johnny reached over and stroked my thigh, softening my mood. "Don't forget what's in it for you." He topped up my empty wine glass.
I licked my lips seductively. "They don't look French."
"They're Moroccan, but have worked in France for many years. I hope you approve."
They were both handsome, but Jean's dark features lent him an air of mystery. Gustave was younger, with a boyish appearance. I nodded discreetly. "How exactly do you see this going down?"
Johnny laughed out loud.
I smiled at his reaction to my unintended pun. Before I could correct myself the waiters entered with our first course. Jean bowed slightly and placed a plate of raw oysters on the half-shell between us. Gustave set a basket of croissants off to the side.
After a brief exchange with Johnny, they stood off to the side. I glanced at Jean, then at Gustave. I giggled and leaned in close to Johnny's ear. "Am I doing them both?"
He grinned. "I thought it might be a nice touch."
I covered my mouth in mock surprise. "Does that mean I get a twofer?
"If you can handle it."
I glanced down at the oysters. "When did you order?"
"It's my standing order," Johnny said, "I hope you approve?"
I have seen it done in the movies, so I picked up an oyster, hit it with a dash of Tabasco, then slurped it down. I wiped my mouth with the back of my hand, throwing etiquette to the wind. "If that's supposed to get me in the mood... I think it's working."
We took turns downing oysters until just one remained. I motioned for Johnny to take it. He did, slurping it into his mouth, but not swallowing it.
I smiled and leaned towards him. He met me halfway. I kissed him, parting his lips with my tongue. Without a moment's hesitation, I sucked the delicacy out of his mouth and gulped it down. He planted his lips on mine and kissed me passionately, probing my mouth with his tongue.
I closed my eyes and let my imagination run wild.Could he really get me off twice? Who would I suck first?Wild with lust, I pushed him away. "I'm ready."
He motioned to the waiters. They pulled the table back as Johnny nudged me into the corner of the banquette. He dropped to his knees and rolled my thong down my long legs. He stretch them over my stilettos and stuffed them in his pocket.
"Souvenir?" I asked as I brought my legs up and planted my feet on the banquette. I spread my legs and used my fingers to open my labia to Johnny's gaze. Before he could dive into my crotch, I asked, "What do I do now, with the waiters?"
He glanced up, grinning like a wild man. "Anything you want?" He returned his attention to my crotch, nibbling on my kinky pubes with his lips.
I ran my hands through his dark hair and pushed his head down until I felt the touch of his wet tongue in my sensitive gash.
He responded, licking me from top to bottom.
"Ahhh," I exclaimed, pulling his head in tight.
His fluttering tongue sent a wave of pleasure coursing thought my body. "Keep that up," I said, eager for more. I felt an orgasm rising from deep in my loins and opened my legs even wider. "Don't stop."
Despite my demand, Johnny pulled back and gazed up into my wanton eyes.
"What?" I asked, eager for more.
He nodded towards Jean, standing patiently beside me.
I took a deep breath and smiled, realizing that the fate of my orgasm was now dependent on my willingness to blow our waiters. I brought him close and freed his cock from his slacks. I did my best to mask my surprise, but my eyes gave me away.
Johnny laughed. "What, you've never had an uncut cock?"
I shook my head slowly, intrigued by skin hiding the head of his cock. I slowly stroked him, watching intently as his bulbous head emerged from its natural sheath. I licked it, beckoning it to come out and play. As soon as I sucked him into my mouth, Johnny returned to my crotch and gently tongued my pulsing clit.
Gustave stood on the other side of me and pushed the top of my dress down to expose my breasts. He took an erect nipple between his lips and nibbled on it as he massaged my breasts. "Mmmm," I cooed, reaching out to unzip his pants. I hit the jackpot when I pulled out my second uncut cock.
Jean stepped in front of me and I kept his cock deep in my mouth as it hardened into my throat. I kept him there as long as I could, and then finally had to come up for air. I used everything I had to blow him, fondling his balls and stroking his shaft while I sucked on the head of his cock.
Johnny increased the pressure on my clit, making it difficult to concentrate on Jean. "Oh fuck, Johnny," I cried out, "I'm so fucking close." I let go of Jean's cock and pulled Johnny's head into my crotch. I was about to explode when Johnny broke my grip on his head and pulled back, depriving me of his luscious tongue.
At that moment I realized what had to be done before I could get off. I stuffed Jean's hard cock back in my mouth and forced him deep, all the way down my throat. I fondled his balls and tickled his ass, pulling out all the stops to get him off. I felt his hands on my head, holding me steady as he pumped his cock in and out of my throat.
Jean moaned, softly at first, and then louder as he picked up his pace.
I gasped for breath each time he withdrew, only to have my air supply cut off with his next thrust. I kept my focus on Jean, even as I felt Johnny's wet tongue slither back into my gash.
The harder Jean panted, the more Johnny attacked my clit. Desperate to get Jean off, I jammed my finger up his tight asshole. It worked.
Jean cried out, a telltale sign he was ready to come.
I came up for breath, confident that there was no turning back for Jean. Johnny sensed the same thing and ravished my clit.
I jacked Jean's first rope of cum into my open mouth just as my body convulsed in a mind-blowing orgasm.
Jean didn't hesitate to take over when I froze up. He stroked his cock, emptying his load into my overflowing mouth. Cum dribbled down my chin and onto my tits.
Johnny pulled back and I took a deep breath as my orgasm subsided and I regained control of my body. I licked the last dollop of cum from the end of Jean's cock, and then turned my attention to Gustave. He was hard as a rock and ready to go.
Jean zipped up his pants and stepped to the side, letting Gustave take his position in front of my cummy lips.
I took my time exploring his cock with my tongue. Sated from my orgasm, I felt no pressure to rush this blowjob. However, Johnny had no intention of letting me coast. He ravaged my clit with his tongue, igniting my burning embers.
Gustave moaned softly as I licked his balls and stroked his long shaft.
Johnny was a master, bringing me right back to the edge of coming, something I didn't expect was possible. I redoubled my efforts on Gustave, grabbing him by the ass cheeks and pulling his hard cock deep in my throat. The last thing I wanted was for Johnny to back off.
Gustave's panting was a good sign. As with Jean, I pulled out all the stops, using both hands to hit every erogenous spot on his body.
Johnny went for the gold, coaxing a second powerful orgasm to spring from my loins.
My head fell back, off Gustave's cock. I grimaced, doing my best to keep the rest of the restaurant for hearing me shriek with pleasure.
Gustave didn't miss a beat, furiously jacking his cock until he muffled my orgasm with a copious load of sticky white goo.
Cum bubbled out of my mouth as I gasped for breath. I finally had to push Johnny away in order to get myself under control.
Johnny offered me his napkin to clean up the cummy mess the waiters left for me. I got my dress adjusted, and moved back into my seat. Henri appeared before I had a chance to retrieve my panties.
"I trust your appetizers were satisfactory," he said, bowing slightly.
I smiled, dabbing a droplet of cum from the corner of my mouth. "Excellent, Henri, and the service was impeccable."
He set down a small bowl in front of me. "A little something to cleanse your palette."
I smiled. "What is it?"
"Lime sorbet," Henri replied, a traditional Frenchintermezzo,before your main course."
The cool lime concoction went down smoothly, washing away the taste of Jean and Gustave. "What's next?" I asked, looking at Johnny.
"Steak Diane," he said. "It's their house speciality."
After lingering over a wonderful dinner, Johnny invited me over to his place... for a nightcap. I had no doubt about what he wanted; my ass. And given his patience, I suspected he would get it. But, I wanted to do it on my terms, at my own pace. I countered by inviting him up to my place.
* * * * *
I led him into my bedroom and opened the drapes.
"Nice," Johnny said, gazing out from my 20thfloor apartment. The entire wall was floor to ceiling glass, with a gorgeous view of the twinkling city lights. He pointed to a nearby apartment tower facing us. "I can make out the people in those apartments; they must provide some... entertainment for you."
I smiled and motioned to the telescope in the corner.
"No shit," he said, grinning widely.
"My ex was into that sort of thing."
"Ex," he asked, "he left the telescope behind?"
I winked. "The price of dumping me... he didn't have the nerve to ask for it back."
He looked out the window and scanned the tower. "There," he said, "I see a couple in their bedroom."
I located them and mentally counted down the number of floors from the top. "I think that's the Finebergs, want to check them out?" I walked towards the telescope.
He nodded and followed me, reaching for the eyepiece.
"Don't touch it," I said, raising my voice. "It's computer controlled."
He threw up his hands and backed away from the telescope. "How's it work?"
I pushed a button and the telescope came to life. It focused in on a window and displayed an image of drawn drapes on the large screen TV hanging from the wall.
"That's not them... the Finebergs."
"Patience," I said, "that's the last apartment I watched. I have their apartment programmed into the telescope." I selected their apartment from the directory and the telescope locked in on their bedroom window. Their image filled the TV screen.
"Do you know them?"
"Levi and Sara," I said.
Johnny studied the image on the screen. The woman leaned back against the headboard, gazing out the window. Her long flowing curls obscured her breasts. Her legs were askew, with one propped up, giving him a generous view of her crotch. She idly twisted a tuft of her kinky pubes. Levi sat beside her, gently nursing his soft cock back to life. His thick black body hair was a stark contrast to Sara's supple white skin. "Do they know we're watching?"
"Not yet."
Johnny pulled me to him and kissed me, probing my mouth with his tongue.
My body responded to his, pressing into him.
"So," he whispered in my ear, "how does this work?"
I pointed to a light switch by the door. "Flip that switch and I'll show you."
A strip of lights above the window lit up the room. His jaw dropped when he saw the couple on the screen point excitedly towards us.
I smiled and waved to them. Levi stood and adjusted his telescope. When he had our apartment in his sights he gave us a thumbs up.
Johnny watched the TV screen intently. "What's she doing with her hands?"
"Sign language," I replied.
He looked surprised. "You know sign language?"
I nodded. "Some... especially the sexy stuff. You'd be surprised what you can pick up on YouTube."
"So, what did she say?"
"She asked me who the stud is."
Johnny laughed. "Tell her I'm the guy that wants to fuck you in the ass."
I scowled at him. "Are you always this persistent?"
He gave me a wide grin and squeezed my ass cheeks. "Can you blame a guy for trying?"
"As long as you don't get mad at me for turning you down."
"Never... besides, you'll be begging for my cock before the night is over.
"In your dreams." I faced the window and signed exactly what he asked me to do, expecting it to shock both of them. Much to my chagrin, it was Sara's reply that shocked me.
Johnny watched in awe as Sara signed a lengthy reply. "What'd she say?"
I was being facetious when I told them Johnny had the hots for my ass, and since I'd already brushed him off once, the last thing I wanted to do was relent now.Should I tell him that Levi had just ass fucked Sara, at the request of our upstairs neighbors?"Not much," I said, stalling for time. "They were showing off for the Bradfords."
Johnny looked at me skeptically. "I'm calling bullshit on that answer; she said a lot more than that. Who are the Bradfords?"
I gulped, unsure how much to tell him about our little network of exhibitionists. While it wasn't unusual for people to watch anonymously, my ex got the idea of starting a private Facebook group and putting an invite on a card in our window. Over the years, about two dozen couples had joined. Although we never got together physically, we used the group to develop our naughty sign language and coordinate schedules. "Upstairs neighbors," I said, hoping he'd let it go. I wrapped my arms around his neck and planted my lips on his.
He placed his hands on my hips and parted my lips with his moist tongue.
My body melted into his as I sucked his tongue into my mouth.
He cupped my ass with his meaty hands and pressed his stiffening cock up against my body.
I unbuttoned his shirt and ran my hands over his firm chest. I nudged his shirt off his shoulders and let it drop to the floor.
He broke off our kiss. "I think I know what she said."
I arched my eyebrows. "Oh?"
He formed a diamond with the tips of his thumbs and pointer fingers. "This means pussy, right?"
"Yeah," I answered, "but that's pretty obvious. What else did you get?"
He formed a tiny circle with his thumb and index finger, then punch the hole with his other index finger. "This is fucking."
I snickered. "Close," I said, not offering any additional information.
A wide grin wiped away his initial confusion. "I'm guessing it's fucking a tiny hole."
I shrugged, not wanting to give him the satisfaction of figuring it out.
"They want to watch you take me up your ass?"
I could see the excitement in his eyes and was reluctant to pop his bubble, even though that's exactly what she asked for. "Sara did it while the Bradfords watched."
"Up her ass, I like the sound of that... you sure they didn't ask to watch you do the same thing."
I ignored him. "What about this one?" I pressed my index finger into the closed fist of my other hand, then opened my fist as I spread out my fingers. It was the sign for ejaculation.
"Do it again."
I repeated the sign, but this time opened my fist towards my face.
"Holy fuck," he said, "Levi finished with a facial."
I smiled. "You catch on quick. How about this one?" I brought the fingertips of my right hand to a point, then inserted my index finger into the center and stroked it in and out.
"Some kind of fucking?" he asked, after having me repeat it several times.
I repeated the sign followed by the sign for ejaculation. Only this time, I spread my fingers towards my open mouth.
"Now I get it, it's a blow job." He repeated the sign for good measure. "But, why all the sign language. You've figured out video, why not just add audio."
Early on, we did try audio. However, it's much harder to voice a fantasy you'd like another couple to fulfil than it is to get it across in crude signs. It seems to take the natural intimidation out of it, and gives the other couple time to think about their reaction. I gave him the short version. "Signs are more... erotic, try it."
"You want me to sign what I want to watch them do?"
I shook my head. "It's our turn to be watched. Wave to them to get their attention."
I glanced up at the TV screen. Sara had taken over stroking Levi's cock and had him rock hard. Levi's fingertip clawed at her gash.
"You won't get mad?"
I shrugged my shoulders. Halfway through my sign language lesson I realized that my resistance to giving up my ass was futile. "Tell them what they want to hear."
He made the sign for asshole with his right hand.
I laughed and smacked his ass. "Not to me, you have to face the window so they can see you through their telescope."
"Okay," he said, "here goes." He repeated the sign for asshole with his right hand, then licked it with his tongue.
I could almost hear the cheer from the Finebergs. "You nasty boy. Go on."
He pointed to me, then made the sign for blowjob.
"I can do that."
He signed pussy, but didn't quite know what to do with it. Finally, he placed the sign in front of his crotch and thrust his hips into it.
"Close enough, you're going to fuck me."
"What's the sign for getting you off?"
"I thought you wanted my ass?"
"Patience, I'm not letting you off the hook, but I want to get you off before the big finale."
I giggled and glanced up to the TV. They certainly appeared to like where this was going. "Use the sign for ejaculation, but just don't use your index finger for your cock. They'll figure it out."
He pointed to me, then made a fist in front of my crotch and dramatically opened his fingers.
I nodded my head and gave the Finebergs two thumbs up.
Johnny delivered the coupe de grace: he punched the asshole sign with his index finger, followed by the ejaculation sign opening onto my face.
We both glanced up to watch their reaction. Their enthusiasm was contagious and I found myself warming up to my first ass fuck. Sara signed a lengthy reply.
"What?" Johnny asked, eager to get started.
I smiled. "She wants to make sure I let them see you take my ass."
"Sweet," Johnny said. He spun me around and dropped to his knees behind me. His hands crept up underneath my dress and massaged my ass. His thumbs traced the crack of my ass. "Am I on the right track?"
"Mmmm," I cooed, instantly aroused by his tender touch. He kissed my ass, first one cheek, then the other, sending little shivers of pleasure up my spine. I spread my feet to open up my crack to his gaze.
"Nice," he said, massaging my cheeks and pressing them open.
Eager for more, I couldn't resist the urge to bend over, just a little. I wanted him to lick me... I wanted to feel his moist tongue in the crack of my ass.
He started at the top of my ass crack, tickling it with the tip of his moist tongue. He teased me, licking his way down my crack until the tip of his tongue grazed my tight little pucker.
The sensation was both unexpected and incredible, and forced a loud moan to escape my lips. He rimmed my ass and wiggled the tip of his tongue into the entrance of my asshole. I felt my inhibitions crumble as Johnny's persistence left me craving his cock... up my ass.
Johnny sensed my desire and toyed with me, sticking to the script he'd given the Finebergs. He gave my crack one last lick, then brought me to my feet and kissed me, probing my mouth with his tongue.
I fumbled with his zipper and fished his cock out of his pants. I dropped to my knees and took him into my mouth, slathering his semi-hard cock with saliva. Whether intentional or not, lubricating his cock only fueled his desire for my ass.
Johnny slipped off his pants and unbuttoned his shirt. He ran his fingers through my dirty blond hair and eagerly watched me devour his cock.
I slipped my fingers down to my crotch and wove them through my kinky pubes. I was so ready to be fucked.
He sensed my desire and brought me to my feet. In one smooth motion, he twirled me around, bent me over and entered me, thrusting his cock deep inside my cunt. I rested my palms on my knees and fought to keep from falling forward as he pumped his hard cock into me. I cried out as he pummeled my body, driving me to the brink of a yet another powerful orgasm.
I braced myself and waited for the eruption I knew was coming.
The power of his thrusts overwhelmed my senses. I shrieked with delight as my body convulsed with pleasure. My hands slipped off my knees and I started to fall forward. Only Johnny's grip on my hips keep me from slipping off his cock. He held me that way, keeping his cock deep inside me as my orgasm slowly dissipated.
I took a deep breath and rose to my feet, keeping his cock inside me. It didn't surprise me that he had yet to come; I knew what he was holding out for. I leaned back and nuzzled his neck.
He cupped my heaving breasts and tweaked my hard nipples. "Ready for the main event."
I grinned, knowing that any further resistance would be futile. "Are you referring to my ass?"
He nodded. "Do you want it right here, or should we put on a show for the Finebergs."
I giggled. My orgasm left me limp and completely relaxed. His cock was soaked with my slippery juices. I was pretty sure that he could be up my ass with one quick thrust if he wanted to. I hesitated.
He pressed his hard cock up against my asshole.
"Ohhh," I said, anticipating his thrust up into me.
He teased me, testing the natural resistance of my sphincter. I gulped, and glanced up at the TV.
Sara finally got my attention and made it clear that she and Levi wanted to see more.
I pressed back against Johnny's cock. I felt a jolt of pain as his cock stretched my asshole open. "Wait," I said, caressing his neck. "Sara and Levi want to watch... and I need some lube."
Johnny found the lube in my bedside table and handed it to me. I pushed him back on the bed and crawled up on top of him, with my ass facing the window. I rose to my knees and opened the lube.
"Let me," Johnny said, holding out his hand.
I shook my head and squeezed out a large dollop on my middle finger. "If we're going to put on a show for the Finebergs, let's make it a good one."
Johnny licked his lips. "Aren't you the nasty girl."
Nasty was exactly how I was feeling. "Open me up."
Johnny spread my cheeks open, exposing my ass for the Finebergs, and anybody else who might be watching.
I rose to my knees and fingered my ass, slathering it with lube. One finger slipped in easily, followed by a second. I gazed into Johnny's eyes as I forced a third finger up my ass.
Johnny grinned and glanced up at the TV. "Looks like the Finebergs are enjoying this as much as I am."
I tipped my head down and swished my hair across his face, wiping the grin off his face. I worked the head of his cock into the tight entrance to my ass. "Open me up... so they can watch."
He nodded and pulled my cheeks open, spreading them wide for the Finebergs. He eased his cock up into my ass, all the while keeping his eyes locked on mine.
A tiny jolt of pain traveled up my spine. I bit down on my lower lip and blinked.
He paused as a look of concern crossed his face. "Too much?"
I sucked in a deep breath and composed myself. The pain dissipated as quickly as it had appeared. I shook my head and pushed back, just enough to get the head past my sphincter. I licked my lips in anticipation of taking more.
"Good girl," he said, gripping my hips and guiding me down the length of his shaft.
The air escaped my lungs in a loud whoosh when I bottomed out on his cock. It was done, I'd had my very first ass fuck... and I was ready for more. I lifted up, sliding myself to the top of his cock.
He released my hips and thumbed my hard nipples. "Sara's signing something... I can't figure it out."
I sucked in another deep breath and dropped down the length of his cock. It felt good, and made me wonder if I could get off again. I gave him several more strokes before glancing up at the TV.
"What did she say?"
I winked at him. "This is your lucky day, they want to see a cream pie... in my ass."
"Are you good to go?"
I nodded. "But, let me do it."
He licked his lips. "Whenever you're ready."
I started slowly, riding his cock in long, deliberate strokes. I gazed into his eyes and watched as he edged closer to orgasm. The unexpected pleasure I derived from his cock in my ass caught me by surprise, and made me realize another orgasm was definitely possible.
His breathing accelerated, and he opened his mouth to gulp in more air. His body responded to mine, meeting me halfway with an upward thrust of his cock.
I gasped for breath as I abandoned my long slow strokes and replace them with a series of sharp twerks.
He panted, grunting with each exhale.
I knew he was getting close... as was I. I desperately wanted to reach down and massage my clit, but I needed both hands for support. I twerked harder, hoping it would get the job done.
He must have read my mind. He pressed this thumb up against my clit, nearly sending me over the edge.
He gritted his teeth, determined to take his load up my ass before I lost it.
"Aaaragh," he yelled, his mouth wide open.
I felt a rope of cum fill my ass... and then I exploded.
My writhing body was enough to drain his cock. I collapsed in a heap on top of him, gasping for breath.
We lay still for a long time, until I felt his softening cock slip out of my ass. I couldn't feel it, but I knew his sticky white goo was oozing from my ass. I glanced up at the TV to confirm it; Sara and Levi were applauding wildly.
I rose up on my arms and raked my hard nipples over his chest.
Johnny smiled up at me.
I draped my long hair across his face. I didn't want this evening to end. "Was it everything you had hoped for?"
"It was," Johnny said.
"Tell me," I said, "suppose Levi and Sara weren't here to... you know... get me in the mood. What if I'd said no, what would you have done then?"
He laughed. "I don't give up easily."
I furrowed my brows, curious to know what other tricks he had up his sleeves. "Really?"
"You would have forced me to bring out the big guns."
Intrigued, I asked, "Big... how big?"
He used his hands, spreading them slowly until they were more than a foot apart.
"No way... do you really think I'm so shallow that I'd give up my ass for a big cock?" Before he could answer, I couldn't resist asking, "Who are we talking about?"
A broad grin crossed his face. "His name is JW, and he's never failed me yet. He's Jamaican and runs a local after hour's club... a lifestyle club."
I closed my eyes and took a deep breath. "So, if all else fails, you tempt me with a big cock. How exactly does that get me to give up my ass?"
He winked at me. "We're a team... a double team."
I smiled, wondering how much more I could take tonight. I glanced up at the clock. It was almost midnight.
Johnny sensed my hesitation. "Your choice, things don't get hopping until around 1am."
Johnny brought out an insatiable lust in me... and I found myself a little too eager to meet JW. "If you can convince Sara and Levi to join us... I'm in."
In the next book in this series, Frankie, Johnny, Levi and Sara party into the wee hours at JW's lifestyle club. --Taylor VanCannon.