It was a gorgeous Sunday afternoon; the temp was warm without being hot – topping out at about eighty degrees – and not a cloud in the sky. My wife Anne and I decided to pack up a picnic lunch and go to the lake, we were going to have one of our "fun drives" on the way. During these drives, we would work each other up, she would give me a handjob or a blowjob and I would play with her pussy. We would rarely let the other cum. It was just another form of foreplay that we enjoyed. When we hit the sheets that night, we'd take all that pent-up sexual tension and fuck each other's brains out.
My wife, Anne, didn't waste any time, we had barely cleared the driveway when she started rubbing the inside of my right leg heading deliberately for my crotch.
"A little impatient aren't we, babe?" I chuckled and had to adjust my shorts a bit since I was already becoming aroused. Anne definitely has that effect on me. We are both daring and enjoy trying new things.
"I'm horny, baby. My pussy's already dripping," she said, "Unzip for me, let me at your big cock."
"At least let me get out to the back roads, darlin'. Then you can have whatever you want."
She pouted, gave my cock a squeeze through the thin material and said, "Okay, but hurry up."
I conceded a bit and unzipped my fly, I needed to free him up some anyway, it was getting a bit cramped down there. The zipper came down and Anne's hand eagerly reached in pulling out my rapidly growing penis.
Ten minutes and several strokes on my dick later, we were on the back roads heading for the lake. About a half mile out of town, Anne unbuckled her seatbelt and crawled onto the passenger seat on her knees. I knew what she was planning and my anticipation kicked into overdrive, my cock bobbing up and down of its own accord, precum seeping from the tip.
She grabbed at my belt and undid the buckle, then unbuttoned my shorts, opening them fully. She tugged a bit and asked, "A little help, honey?"
More than willing to oblige, I lifted my butt enough for her to shove my shorts down. I set the cruise control to forty-five – I didn't want the trip to go by too fast – and she pulled my shorts completely off and threw them into the back seat. I remember thinking that now would be a really inconvenient time for a cop to show up and pull me over. Anne could get situated easy enough, but I would have a hell of a time explaining why my shorts were in the back and I was in my birthday suit from the waist down.
My lovely wife didn't give me time to dwell on such thoughts though as she leaned over and her hot breath caressed my hardened flesh. She licked her lips and moaned in delight before lowering her head and licking up the steady stream of precum that was bubbling to the surface.
"Mmmmmm..." I moaned and with my right hand, I reached over, drew up her short sundress and smacked her bare ass.
She returned the favor by playfully nipping the head of my engorged penis. Her tongue twirled around the tip of my cock making sure to slither in and out of the slit every now and then to gather up my juices, which she greedily swallowed down.
I love it when my wife sucks my dick, she really gets into it, coats it with lots of saliva, making for a nice sloppy blowjob. She also loves to play with my balls or finger my ass while she's going down on me.
Sitting in the car seat like I was made it too difficult to get to my anus, so Stacey settled for my scrotum. She cupped my smoothly shaved sac in her right hand, rolling and gently massaging them as her mouth slowly descended on my raging cock.
When she really wants to, Anne can deep throat my eight-incher, but it's something she has to work up to. So, when she had about half of my member in, she started bobbing slowly at first, teasing me with her slobbery heat. And at the same time building herself up to the task of taking me all the way into her throat.
My hands weren't idle through all of this, I got my middle finger nice and slippery with saliva, then reached back and found her puckered rosebud anus. My finger caressed and lubricated the tight opening before gaining entry to the first knuckle.
With a groan of pleasure, Anne pushed back against the intruding digit, trying to shove more inside of her little asshole. She began shoving down on my cock as well, redoubling her efforts to get it all in her mouth. Her head was a blur as she sucked my dick, up and down, more disappearing with each downward thrust.
I could feel her loosening as the bulbous mushroom head pounded away at the back of her throat, demanding entry for a deeper invasion. At the same time, my finger had slithered past her inner sphincter and I began fingering her ass with the same rhythm that she was swallowing my cock. With one last downward move my penis slid to the back of her mouth and beyond, the head sliding down her throat. She rested there for a moment, her lips touching my balls, my shaft completely buried. She swallowed a few times and I almost lost it. Her throat was pulsating and massaging the head of my dick in interesting and pleasurable ways. With the ten-plus-minute handjob and the wet heat of her mouth mixed with tightness of her throat, it was too much.
It took every effort I had not to spill my seed right then and there. I didn't want her to stop, but I was afraid that our little "fun drive" was about to come to an end if I couldn't gain control. My finger audibly popped from her beautiful butthole, I disengaged the cruise control and immediately began to slow down and pull off on a wide spot in the road.
When I could find my voice, I gasped, "Baby... uummm, baby. You got to stop, honey!"
Her mouth came up, slowly running her tongue along the underside of my sensitive dick and applying extra pressure when she reached the head. "But, I don't want to stop," she pouted.
Again, I almost lost it, my balls were hard and drawn up tight against my shaft. Some deep, heavy breathing by yours truly brought me partly under control. "Baby, if you don't, you're going to get a mouthful of cum." I'm glad I had pulled over and stopped the car, my head was back against the headrest, my eyes were closed and I was panting.
"I wouldn't mind a mouthful of your delicious cum," Anne purred as she gently stroked my throbbing cock, not enough to push me over the edge, but enough to keep the steady flow of precum coming. Occasionally, she would dip her tongue down to collect her tasty treat.
"I know you would swallow it happily, baby." I said, my breathing coming back to normal. "But... I really want to fuck you."
"Mmmmm, baby." She moaned, "We've never done that on the road before."
"I know, but we're going to try it out today." She removed her hand and sat back on her knees as I got out of the car. I ran around to her side opened the back door, then opening the door for Anne, I pulled her out and had her lay down on the back seat, she used my discarded shorts as a pillow. With the angle I was parked at, no traffic could see us if they approached from behind and the open door blocked visual from any oncoming traffic. I got down on my haunches – instead of putting my knees in the gravel – and spread my wife's legs. With one leg on the back of the front seat and one on the top of the back seat, it splayed her beautifully shaved pussy lips open perfectly. What a pretty sight that was!
Her cunt was glistening wet with pent up desire, she was squirming and moaning in the seat with how horny she was. "Please..." she pleaded, "Please, baby. Eat my aching pussy, make me cum all over your face!"
Now how could I turn down an offer like that? I dove in, my tongue driving between her labia and attacking her clit with a fierce intensity. I was single minded in my effort to bring her pleasure and make her orgasm. I flicked my tongue up and down, twirled it round and round her sensitive little nub.
Anne was screaming by now, her hips were bucking upward to meet my licking and thrusting tongue while her hands held tight to the back of my head pulling me toward her seeping honeypot. I swear, if she could have she would have pulled my entire head into her pussy, that's how hard she was tugging at me. As long as I could draw air through my nostrils, I wasn't about to complain though.
With her pussy juice, I lubed my middle finger, and shoved it deep into her asshole. Anne went wild, thrashing and thrusting, gasping and moaning, she shouted my name repeatedly as she reached her peak. "Ohhhhhhh, fuuuuck! Leonard... ooohhhh fuuuuck, baby!" she screamed, "I'm cummmmmming, baby, oh shit, I'm cumming so hard!"
She gushed, drenching my nose, lips and chin in her fragrant fluids. I lapped up and swallowed down as much as I could, but she was cumming so hard and so much that it overflowed my mouth soaking the crack of her ass and adding lube to my pounding finger. It pooled and quickly spread a substantial size wet spot on the seat upholstery. Her butt lifted, jerked up from the seat and I would have lost contact with her writhing pussy if she had not had a death grip on the back of my head.
Finally, after a solid minute or two of climaxing, she began to settle down and catch her breath. She continued to hold my mouth to her quivering loins, but I let my tongue still, I knew better than to try and stimulate her clit after so powerful an orgasm. Her clit was to sensitive, her nerves to raw, that it actually became more painful than pleasurable. And todays sexual journey had nothing to do with pain, and everything to do with pleasure.
"Oh... my... God!" She panted, "Baby, that was amazing, holy shit, that was a good orgasm. Let's do it again, but this time with your cock buried deep in my cunt." She tried to pull me in and on top of her, but I had other plans... this was the tricky part, I didn't know if she would go for it. I figured, what the hell, though, we had gone this far.
I took her feet off the back of each seat then grabbed her hand and pulled her from the car. She had a kind of confused expression when I gathered up the hem of her sundress and brought it up and over her head in one fluid motion. It joined my discarded shorts in the back seat and my shirt soon followed suit.
We were both naked now – other than shoes and socks – standing on the side of the road. We would make quite the sight if anyone came by. I was actually surprised that we hadn't seen any other cars for quite some time. Then again, we could have had an entire convoy come by while I had my head buried between Anne's thighs and I doubt either of us would have notice. This was different though, we wouldn't have the car to block us from view if anybody did come down the road.
"Are we just going to stand here, baby?" she asked slyly, catching on to my plan. "Or are you going to bend me over the trunk and fuck my sweet little pussy from behind?" She stepped up close and grabbed onto my raging boner then planted her lips on mine. Her tongue snaked into my mouth and did some exploring over mine as she stroked my dick from base to head, her fingertip spreading precum on my sensitive mushroom shaped tip.
I broke the kiss and none-to-gently turned her to face the car. She giggled at my urgency as I bent her over the trunk lid. I smacked her ass leaving my mark in the form of a red handprint on her right butt cheek.
Anne moaned, "Yeah baby, spank my ass!" I did, and the mark got redder. "Give me your big cock, baby. Pound my pussy... punish my twat... give me your dick, now, baby!" She screamed.
She wanted it rough and I was so fucking horny I was willing to give it to her. It wasn't going to be slow and sensual, not this time. No... this was going to be hardcore fucking, plain and simple.
My hand came down again, this time marking her left cheek with a stinging slap. She squealed in delight, her back arched as she pushed her round hips back toward me as though trying to find my dick and impale herself on my shaft.
"You want it baby?" I asked.
"Oh yeah, baby, I want it." She moaned.
"Tell me, honey. Tell me what you want." I said.
"Oh God, please baby." Anne pleaded, her ass was squirming in my hands. "Fuck me, honey, drill my wet little cunt... please baby, I need your cock inside me."
I spread her ass cheeks, her pretty little rosebud asshole winked at me, below that was her glistening wet pussy, her creamy juices dripping from her slit. I bent my knees just a bit to put me at the right height, lining up my dick with her slippery gash. She was so soaking wet that we didn't need to worry about lubricant, she could accommodate my thickness just fine. As soon as the huge head of my penis touched her moist lips, she screamed and orgasmed.
"Oh fuck, baby! You're already making me cum!" She yelled out. Again, she tried to push back, but I held her firm.
In on swift motion, I pushed forward, ramming my eight-inch cock into her tightly contrasting pussy. It was like coming home after a long absence. It felt so fucking good with her grasping pussy pulsating around my shaft. My balls were nestled right up against her clit and I swear I could feel the hard-little nub of nerves throbbing against my sac. I held myself there for a few moments as Anne grinded her hips against me, her steaming fluids washing our thighs and running down our legs.
She couldn't take any more and she begged, "Oh baby, just fuck me please. Pound my little twat, please Leonard, fuck me!"
I love to hear her beg and normally I would have held off just to drag out her sexual torment. But, today, I needed it just as badly as she did. I drew back, almost pulling all the way out, the tip resting back in her sweet folds, poised just at the entrance. Then, without giving her a chance to catch her breath, I thrust forward with enough power to drive her to her tiptoes. Her tits swayed and her rock-hard nipples brushed against the trunk deck.
She let out a moan of pure pleasure. "Oh... oh... ohhhhh, Le... Leonard, God yes, yes, yesssssss!"
She had asked me to punish her pussy, and I did... grinding my rigid cock in and out of her tightly clenching cunt with enough force to drive her to new heights of excitement and pleasure. Each thrust of my hips had my dick buried and my ball sac slapping against her clitoris.
Anne pled for more, – not in words – by meeting me thrust for thrust, pounding her hips back and rolling her ass against my belly every time I was buried to the hilt. Her whole body was shaking, her pussy pulsating as she had one orgasm after an another.
Then the inevitable finally happened, I knew our luck couldn't hold out forever. A semi came rolling down the road and I was just about to pull my cock from Anne's steaming depths, planned to open the door so she could jump in and hide for a few seconds, but my beautiful, sexy wife would have none of it. She pushed her ass back towards me and yelled, "Don't stop, baby! Don't stop... let him watch."
I heeded her wishes and kept pounding away, with my hands on her hips I pulled her to me every time I thrust balls deep into her sloppy wet pussy. My dick grew bigger with the thrill that we were about to be caught – literally, with our pants down – doing the nasty on the side of the road. The truck kept coming, he was slowing though, probably doing about twenty as he neared us, and still he slowed. His eyes were definitely not on the road.
Anne was looking up at the driver of the big rig, a smile and a look of lust plastered on her beautiful face. He had slowed to a crawl and I realized that from his heightened elevation and Anne's position – one hand up on the back window brace and the other on the trunk deck – he had a perfect view of my wife's big heavy tits as they swayed up and down in harmony with our fucking.
As the driver started to speed back up, he flashed a smile and gave us two thumbs up. Now, I should have been concerned that a guy driving that much steel would take both hands off the wheel, instead... I gave him a thumb up in return.
"Oh shit, baby, that was so hot." Anne moaned. She took one hand off the car and was now playing with her hard nipples, pinching and rolling them made her moan even louder.
I kept fucking away, harder and harder, grinding my cock into her tight cunt, my scrotum slap, slap, slapping at her clit. I found her tightly puckered butthole with the thumb of my hand and played circles around the opening. She liked that and wiggled her hips in response.
Moments later, another truck came along – a pickup, this time. The driver of this rig did more than slow down, he pulled to a stop about twenty feet behind our car.
"Mmmm... another one," Anne moaned with excitement, her pussy getting even wetter and hotter than I thought possible.
My first thought was... I hoped that wasn't an undercover or off-duty cop, but either way we were both too far gone to stop now. If it was a cop, he was just going to have to wait.
Anne turned and stared at the guy through his window, not ashamed in the least. She was getting off on having and audience. Abruptly, she scooted far enough forward to dislodge my cock from her cum dripping twat, I gasped in protest. She turned around and backed up against the car, one foot planted firmly on the ground, the other up on the back bumper. This position spread her pussy lips nicely and gave an unobstructed view of her honeypot to our would-be voyeur. She rubbed her pussy and spread her labia to flick her clit a few times, then dipped a couple of fingers inside to gather some of her cum, and brought them to her lips to suck them clean. All the while staring at the guy in the truck, then she grabbed my shaft and guided me back to the promised land.
In this position, I had access to her tits which I greedily licked and sucked the protruding nipples, I rolled my tongue around them and nibbled at the sensitive flesh, which caused Anne to gasp in pleasure.
"Do you think he's playing with himself?" she asked. "Is he sitting in his truck, rubbing his fat cock while watching us fuck?"
"I'm sure he is, baby... I would be," I responded.
"Oh, God... that's so fucking hot, baby." She moaned. Anne looked back at the guy, her eyes filled with desire and a burning lust more intense than I have ever seen, she gave him a come-hither gesture with her pointer finger.
I was a little shocked when the guy actually got out of his truck. He didn't come over to us though, instead he walked around the front of his truck and leaned against the passenger door. He casually rubbed the bulge in the front of his jeans, then unzipped and unbuttoned letting the denim fall around his ankles, the boxers followed right after. His prick sprang free and bobbed a couple of times before sticking straight out.
I must say, he had a very good looking cock, and if Anne's sudden gasp was any indication, she thought so too. I don't think it was quite as long as mine – hard to tell from the distance and angle though – it looked just as thick, about as big around as a beer bottle. He took that hunk of man-meat and started stroking.
Watching him watching us was like a switch being flipped inside Anne, making her even wilder. She shoved down hard on my probing cock, repeatedly bouncing on my shaft, she shoved her tits in my face, which I happily motorboated before taking a nipple back in my mouth and sucking hard.
She mashed her clit against the base of my dick, and lost it... she screamed out – loud enough to make sure our friend heard her, "Oh God, baby... baby! I'm cum... cum... cummmming!" Her whole body convulsed. "Oh yeah, fuck me stud, fuck meeeee!" I honestly couldn't be sure if she was talking to me or the stranger, – she was looking at him the whole time – but seeing as it was me buried in her cum gushing cunt, I complied.
Each thrust lifted her ass from the car as I pumped my cock in and out of her like a madman. Her juices gushed and squirted, I don't think there was a dry spot on the lower half of our bodies. I had never seen her orgasm this hard or this much. I glanced to the left, to the man who was now pumping his hips into his hand, vigorously fucking his fist. He was groaning, - I could hear that much – he was also speaking, but his words were indiscernible from this distance.
I could tell he was getting close, so it was a good thing that Anne was calming from her own earth-shaking orgasm enough, when I said, "Baby, our friend over there is about to lose it, he's going to cum." I knew she wouldn't want to miss the money shot. We stopped our own frantic movements so that we could enjoy the show that he was giving us.
"It's so sexy watching him get himself off, and knowing we're the cause of it." Anne whispered.
I had to agree, it was pretty hot. After a couple of minutes, we heard a barely audible, "Ohhh fuck," followed by a groan of pleasure as our roadside masturbator pounded his way to a massive orgasm. Spurt after spurt of creamy hot cum shot a good three to four feet from the large head of his thick cock plastering the side of the roadway with sticky, white cum. He blasted semen for what seemed like forever until his hips stopped rocking and the last of his seed dribbled from his spent penis. Head bowed, he leaned heavily on his truck, unable to hold himself up.
My dick was still buried to the hilt, Anne's fluids ran freely from her slippery twat, lathering up my tight scrotum. My own sperm was building and boiling just below the surface and I knew that it wouldn't be long before I joined the two of them in orgasm.
Anne looked me in the eye, and whispered, "I want to taste it, I want you to shoot off in my mouth."
Now who am I to refuse a request like that? I backed my cock out slowly, making sure she could feel every inch of my withdrawal. Her pussy released my shaft with an audible plopping sound and we both groaned from the lost contact. She sank down on her haunches, using the car for support. Her hand lovingly cupped my sac, which was tight and heavy with a load that was begging to be released.
She massaged my balls, "Mmmm... is that all for me, baby?" she purred. Not waiting for a response, she licked her lips, opened her mouth and in one forward motion swallowed the whole of my raging cock. I could feel every inch as it disappeared. I could feel the large head hit the back of her throat and then sink deeper, her throat was like a tight velvet glove that pulsed and massaged my bulbous head. She held me there for what felt like an eternity, but was only seconds, her lips wrapped tightly around the base, her tongue snaking out to lick my scrotum.
I moaned and pushed against her as though trying to feed her more, even though there was nothing left to give – not even the tiniest fraction of an inch. I held my hand at the back of her head until she pushed back, indicating that she needed to breath. Just as slowly as my cock descended into her mouth, it ascended again as she drew out my pleasure until just the tip rested between her parted lips. She sucked on the head, drawing out precum which she gobbled down. Her tongue swirled round and round before she took me back down and started bobbing on my dick, giving me one of the best blowjobs of my life. Anne paid special attention to the throbbing vein that ran the underside of my cock using her tongue to pulse against it and then every few strokes, taking me back down her throat.
It only took a minute, - I was surprised I lasted that long – until I knew I was not going to be able to hold back my orgasm. Obviously, she knew it too, which was a good thing as I couldn't speak well enough at the moment to tell her. Anne pulled her mouth from my granite cock and used both of her hands to stroke me. As she pumped rapidly back and forth, she opened her mouth wide and tried to direct my stream of jism to her parted lips.
With a grunt and spasming hips, I came... my first spurt blasted her cheek, up onto her forehead and into her hair. My second burst of semen hit her chin and dribbled down onto her tits. The third, fourth and fifth finally hit on her tongue and she greedily swallowed it down. She then took me back in her warm, wet mouth and sucked out the last few drops.
I was so damn shaky, I had to turn around and lean my ass against the car. After a few moments to steady our breathing, Anne and I looked over to our roadside stranger. He had recovered enough that he no longer needed the aid of his truck to stay upright, his penis was limp now, but still looked to be of pretty good size – he might have been bigger than me after all, I thought. The man casually leaned over and brought his boxers and jeans up in one motion, after he was clothed, he gave us a smile, got in his truck and continued on down the road.
Slowly we got ourselves around to getting into the car, we didn't bother with clothing. I guess we figured, what the hell... we had been caught having sex twice today, what was the big deal if we were seen driving in the buff?
I turned to Anne and asked, "So, do we continue on to the lake, or... do we head home?"
She smile and lazily rubbed my spent cock... "Let's just go home baby, we'll make it to the lake another day."
* * *
Since that day, one of our favorite sexual activities has become outdoor sex and Anne has come to realize that she absolutely loves being watched. She told me later that night that being caught in the act made her cum harder than she ever had in her life. Remembering the rivers of pussy juice that had squirted and gushed from her steamy little cunt and splashed against my balls and coated both of our legs... I could believe it.
Another thing we talked about that night... she asked me if we could have an open marriage.
Anne and I love each other very much, we also have a very active, and varied sex life – which you will see in some of the stories to come. So, when she asked if we could have an open marriage... yes, I was a little shocked, but at the same time it was definitely something I was willing to consider.
What can I say, my wife drives me nuts, in a good way, though. I said yes...