Moving day is always bittersweet. The day was filled with several trips up and down stairs carrying loads of furniture, clothing and personal items up to our new apartment. We were excited for the amenities like the workout facility and the pool, but the extra space of the house will be missed. These particular apartments were brand new with lots of light and second floor windows which gave me a little jolt filled with exhibitionist fantasies.
On one of my trips back down to the moving truck I was met with the upstairs neighbors walking their dog. It was a couple in their late twenties. She was slender 5 '6 with long straight brown hair and glasses and a bit of the hippie type which made my cock tingle a little. I spoke to them both trying to be cordial, and they said hi back but without much more interaction we both went about our ways.
As time passed, I would run into her from time to time and our hellos would be accompanied by smiles, short conversations and what seemed to me some mutual attraction. I would get home around 5:30 after work and she would be coming in around that time. I assumed on break from work to take her dog out and grab a bite. Occasionally she would park her car just below my master bedroom window and would give me a wonderful view of her body in shorts and low-cut shirts.
One day after work I was particularly horny and the exhibitionist fantasies of exposing myself to her raced through my mind once again my cock was throbbing with anticipation and pressing hard against my khakis. Knowing her schedule I stood by the master bedroom window awaiting her arrival and my heart skipped a beat as she pulled in. I had the blinds open just slightly enough to see her below but not so open that she could not see me or so I thought.
I watched her as she chatted on her cell phone smiling, laughing carrying on all the while my cock was begging to be released. My face was burning, and my breathing was heavy as I reached down to slowly unzip my khakis. My fully erect cock sprang out of the opening from watching her. I began to slowly caress the engorged head of my cock giving it a slow stroke as I watched her intently. Still chatting on her phone, she looked directly up at my window. Oh no, did she see me? She was looking directly at me now. Will she turn me into management? Will she call the police? My mind was racing with thoughts of ecstasy and fear. What should I do?
I quickly pulled my pants back up buttoning them but not zipping them as my cock was still fully erect and leaking precum.
Her next move blew my mind. As she looked up at me, she gave me a grin then threw her right leg up and over onto the passenger side dashboard and spread her legs. All the while continuing to chat on the phone, she must have been describing the situation to her friend as she continued to look my way smiling and nodding her head yes. Her smile somewhat eased my mind, and I began rubbing my cock through my pants but back away from the window just so she couldn't see below the waist. As I watched, her hand slowly worked its way down her stomach then in between her legs, my heart skipped a beat, and I couldn't believe my eyes. As I watched she rubbed her pussy through her shorts. It took me just a moment to realize what she was doing! Suddenly she pulled her leg back across to the driver's side and I wondered what had startled her. Looking left down the sidewalk was someone walking their dog. This ruined my fun. I was so close. Fortunately, the dog walker went about their way.
She raised her right leg over the center console placing her foot back onto the passenger side dashboard. She looked back towards me and as she smiled began to rub two fingers up and down the seam of her shorts. I stood closer to the window and unbuttoned my pants again, lowering them slightly. Her gaze was pushing me to do more than I should, and my rational thinking escaped me. I pushed my cock between the opening in the blinds while she continued to rub herself through her shorts. As her phone call seemingly ended, she pulled her leg back over to the driver's side, grabbed her things and hurriedly went upstairs to her apartment.
I stepped into the master bathroom as I could hear her upstairs opening drawers and moving about in her apartment. The thoughts of you watching me as I stroked my cock filled my mind with ecstasy. In the bathroom mirror I began to slowly stroke my cock again but this time edging as I didn't want to cum yet, this wasn't finished.
Unable to contain the push of semen from my cock I began to moan louder and louder. Then I hear you enter the bathtub and then quiet. My moans are uncontrollable, my breathing is heavy my cock is engorged and the need to slowly release fills me. I am unable to control it any longer and I shoot stream after stream into the bathroom sink. As I quieten down from the release, I hear you moving about as though you are on the edge of the bathtub. The faint moans coming from your upstairs bathroom are undeniable. I step onto the edge of my tub to get a closer listen and I hear you as your moans of enjoyment filters into my apartment. Then the faint sound of vibration echoes through my ceiling. I can hear you as the stiff member enters your warm wet pussy and you moan with pleasure. This is so unbelievably hot. As your climax reaches its end, I hear you say, "that felt so good!"
She moved out shortly after this life altering experience, but it will always be remembered.
This is a true story and one I will never forget!