Author's note: I am including reference people for the main characters appearances. If you are interested you can look up photos to go along with the story: Alyssa - Irelynn Dunham, Hanako - Yui Uehara, Aika - Miki Hamano, Sayo - Ruri Tachibana. Or you can use your imagination.
On the way back down Alyssa was feeling self conscious but energized by her mountaintop exhibitionism. Aika and Hana had their kimonos back on even more loosely than before as they bounced down the path. They told Alyssa that it was time to go to the main onsen bathing areas.
There were still few people at the building as they returned. Alyssa looked at the place in a new light now knowing it was for women only. The big gate made more sense and the complex felt more open inside. They passed a few employees including Sayo, who gave her another deep bow and long stare. While everyone she saw by the doorway and in the hallway was covered, mostly by robes, she had the feeling that clothes were unnecessary -- that at any moment they could all be naked.
In the anteroom to the bath there was a washroom, as it was customary and indeed mandatory to clean oneself before entering. These rooms are open, with half-length stalls and no privacy. Despite the different setting, the girls washed each other as they did at home. The lone other women in the wash area appeared to pay them no attention as she scrubbed her crotch in full view.
The pool was large and stretched outdoors with 3 small side tubs. Beyond them were trees which hid a wall at some distance, giving if the feel of being in the woods. A couple women middle aged women sat together in a tub under a waterfall dumping a cascade of steaming water on both of them. Another pair were walking around. The onsen in town had been modern, clean, and comfortable, but this one was luxurious with aged wood and stone that seemed to be a part of the landscape itself. It managed to be even more peaceful and soothing. If she felt exposed to nature nude on the mountain, she felt at one with it here. Her excitement was no longer nervous or self-conscious.
Here the patrons made little attempt to cover crotches or breasts with tiny cloths or their hands. The bathers' comfort with their nudity bordered on exhibitionism and struck Alyssa as very sexy. The women were fit and shapely with smooth skin and hairy bushes.
After Alyssa gazed at the activities going on around her for some time, Aika broke her trance by tugging her hand. She gestured to the smaller pools to the side. These had pipes above which created a waterfall a couple feet wide. They stood together in front of it in the pool. Aika pulled the other 2 girls in so they could all feel the smooth pressure of the water coming down at once. She maneuvered them into a triangle so that their bodies were all pressed together with water flowing in the middle. The downpour mixed with the rubbing of body parts against each other leaving Alyssa turned on again.
When they sat back down and the rest of the scene returned to her view, Alyssa noticed several of the women watching them. Shortly after, as she followed Hana and Aika out, she could feel the eyes of the others checking her out from head to toe.
They walked through the hallways with kimonos carelessly closed not even tied as if the place was theirs, making brief, silent exchanges with those they passed. They returned to their room totally relaxed and tired from the heat and the day's adventures. The staff had laid out futons on the tatami floors for the girls to sleep though there were only 2 -- 1 large and 1 small.
The small futon was for Alyssa. She barely had the energy to pull on her panties and tshirt for sleep. Aika and Hana had relinquished their kimonos as then entered the room without putting anything else on. They said, "oyasuminasai" (good night) and bowed in unison, then crawled into their futon together and whispered as they held each other close.
Alyssa watched their silhouettes in the low light as they remained with their heads close. She was no longer fazed by their touching but did not expect them to sleep nude together. She as her mind wandered to thoughts of being between them she dozed off.
The girls were reading in chairs by the window when Alyssa awoke. They had their robes open as they sat back, languidly turning pages. Somehow they either guessed when she'd be up or alerted staff when she had, because the breakfast seemed to show up almost immediately, carried by 3 petite attendants. Hana greeted them without attempting to close her robe. Aika was probably more exposed as she pointed out the desired locations of the settings and gave some other instructions.
Once they were gone Alyssa took her shirt off and looked for her kimono, only to see the other two drop theirs again. "I guess I need to expect this," she thought as she sat down in only her panties for an otherwise traditional Japanese breakfast. The girls told her about a longer hike they would do in the late morning that was even more beautiful than the one they had done the prior day. After eating they picked up a bag and gestured towards the door.
This trail started out steeper. Alyssa was pleased that she put on her sports bra and panties. After some time the trail leveled out and they passed another pair of hikers also in loose kimonos. Hana seemed to know them as they briefly conversed in rapid, chipper Japanese. She tells Alyssa that from there they can go as they'd like. The 2 Japanese girls remove their kimonos, and invite Alyssa to join them. She gave up her kimono, but kept the underwear.
She got to watch their nude bodies as they move gleefully through the forest. Hanako's thin frame glided elegantly with a little bounce in her small breasts. Aika had a more sensuous motion with her hips turning and her tits jumping. Alyssa imagined they had a floral scent she can smell and follow. She felt her lust bubbling up. For the next several minutes she debated if she would strip. She definitely wanted to, but needed to build up the courage for just a moment. "If not now, then when," she said, convincing herself.
When her host sisters saw her holding the bra and panties, they screamed "Areesa" excitedly and hugged her from both sides. Their hands were all over her, even her bare ass, as they complemented her body. Aika put her underwear with the kimonos in her bag. They hiked up their empty private path feeling the light breeze all over with the occasional branch brushing against bare skin. Alyssa now had a taste for nudism. She also enjoyed being ogled by the other girls.
They stopped to swim and take photos by a pond. Aika asked Alyssa to take photos of them in the water. At first they were mostly submerged and posing in relaxed positions. Then they sat on a rock and started playfully touching each other. Aika even put her hands over Hana's breasts as if they were a bikini top making the thin girl jump. Alyssa was so horny that she floated over without thinking when they beckoned to her. Aika set up the camera on a timer to take a series of pictures. The girls held her close between them as the put their hands on her stomach and heads on her shoulders. They both turned towards her putting her legs between theirs -- basically humping her! It was an awkward position, but Alyssa was oblivious to anything but the feeling of their vaginas pressing on her thighs. They giggled and threw their heads back as the camera snapped away.
On the way back there was some separation between Alyssa and the other 2. She needed to cool down and figure out how to get off without them noticing. This was a challenge as they were taking her from one thing to the next. As she considered what she could say to get some extra time in the bathroom, she saw other 2 figures ahead. She was too far behind to even try to get her kimono back from Aika. The hikers had their kimonos on but they flapped open in the wind covering very little. Alyssa was shocked that not only were they not alone on the path, but they were not alone in their nudity. As they approached one opened up her robe completely and shook her hips, showing off a curvy hourglass frame that few Japanese had. It was Sayo, the employee, flashing her! What an amazing body she had.
Alyssa decided that upon reaching the room, she would claim that her mother had emailed her and she would need to call. (It being prior to smart phones, texting and calling internationally was limited.) The problem was she was so focused on masturbating, she forgot her phone, a key part of the ruse. This caused her to turn around halfway to the bathroom by the onsen, and absolutely dying to get off.
What she saw when she slid the door open surprised her as much as anything had yet. The girls were sitting in the chairs -- or more accurately a chair. Hana was on Aika with her hands sliding down her lower back. Aika had one hand on Hana's upper thigh and the other on her chest. The women pulled back slightly when they heard Alyssa enter, but it was obvious that they had been kissing. All 3 froze for a minute.
"What are you doing?" Alyssa asked.
"Kissu," Aika said. "We like to kiss," Hana added.
"But you are sisters!" Alyssa replied. "Onne-chan desu!"
"Chigau yo (no, that's not it)!" they both implored. Hana said, "We say friend onne-chan. Tomodachi desu (we're friends)." She explained as best she could in simple English and Japanese about Aika. She was from a town outside of Sapporo where her parents still lived. Supporting her while far from home was difficult and Japanese college students often live at home. The two became close their first year and Aika was invited to stay in a spare room after Hana's grandmother passed.
Alyssa felt dumb. She had learned that onne-san was a term of endearment, but when she first heard them use it she was under the assumption that they were sisters so she did not think twice about it. Of course they weren't calling each other actual sisters. Of course Aika was not listed as part of the family in the information she got.
She asked about them being a couple, but they were cagey and embarrassed. They tried to downplay it, and seemed afraid of Alyssa becoming upset. Surely they understood that this could be a problem if it got out and more so, it put everything they had done with her in a new light: bathing together, all the touching, sitting naked in the onsen, hiking naked and taking photos! They offered that they would stop, but she did not know what to say.
Alyssa had been horny as hell thinking about these 2. She had wanted to kiss them as they were, right? "Do you want to kiss me?" she asked not knowing what came over her.
The girls looked at each other smiling. Aika, who was usually more assertive, deferred to Hana. The latter looked down shyly as she approached Alyssa, then craned her head forward for a soft, slow kiss. She was reluctant to use her hands but moved her lips and offered just a hint of tongue. By that point Aika had moved up right in front of them. Hana pulled back slightly and tilted her head towards the other Japanese girl. She and Alyssa moved towards each other meeting in a more intense kiss.
Alyssa put her hand on Aika's nude hip, then the other on Hana's. She could not believe this was happening. It was a wild sensation like she had never felt before. Lust consumed her in the inside while relatively tame kisses were shared on the outside. At a break in contact she looked at both of them, inviting them to share a kiss between them. This one was intense, as if they had something to prove. Aika and Hana pulled each other's bodies and faces together with mouths wide open. Then they both turned at once and a brief kiss was shared between all of them. Hana then reached out to hold Alyssa gently and make out with her some more.
When it was her turn, Aika pressed her whole body forward with her leg between Alyssa's. The loosened robe allowed direct contact to her skin and aroused clit. She suddenly shuddered and became very embarrassed. Kissing seemed fairly innocent, but now she was having a near-orgasm and Aika's leg was slick. She stopped and rushed off to the bathroom with a quick bow. Finally with some privacy she ripped off her kimono and furiously masturbated, holding the robe in her mouth to muffle any inadvertent sounds from her mouth.
After cleaning up she sheepishly re-entered the room muttering gomenasai (sorry) while looking down. Aika and Hana had put their kimonos back on in an attempt to lower the tension in the room, though the smell seem to suggest that they had gotten off too. They told Alyssa that everything was fine and they all needed to calm down. They announced that they were about to get massages they booked earlier in the day. They wanted Alyssa to come, but gave her the option of staying if she needed alone time.
"In for a penny in for a pound," Alyssa said, though she was met with blank stares.
The trio went to one of the onsen bathing areas where they dropped their robes and grabbed small towels. They entered one of the adjoining massage rooms. This one had 2 tables, but was able to fit the 3rd that was brought in later if even if it made it slightly cramped. When the first masseuse entered only Alyssa made an attempt to cover up. Hana chatted cheerfully with the employee as Aika stretched in a way that seemed to intentionally give an erotic show of her curvy body. They smiled suggestively at each other.
Two more masseuses came and guided the girls to their tables. Alyssa did not recall the names of the other two, but it was Sayo who shuffled up to her with her wide hips. The employees simultaneously removed their robes to reveal little white shorts and tank tops. While the other 2 may have been wearing bras, Sayo clearly was not.
The massage started at her feet with her face down on the table. Sayo's skilled hands worked through every muscle from her feet to her thighs. Alyssa was able to relax and enjoy the firm, soothing touch despite being increasingly horny. This became even more difficult as Sayo approached the bottom of her ass. Her hands, however were very focused on the muscles, and despite the proximity belied any intent on other stimulation. To Alyssa's relief she also avoided the moisture that had built up.
Her next stop was the arms which she rubbed and twisted as she pressed them to her own body. Alyssa reveled in the contact between her arm and Sayo's tight stomach and small bust with only a thin cloth between them. This contact was integrated with the skillful massage such that it was hard to know what movements, if any, were superfluous or sexual.
She was regaining her composure when Sayo asked her to flip onto her back. As she did she could briefly see both tables, but only Aika, already face up, was in view. Aika's hand was moving slowly over her masseuse's ass as the girl deeply rubbed her breasts. She seemed to be whispering a moan of "kimuchii (that feels good)", though it was not audible. Her expression suggested that her pleasure was beyond that of a normal massage. Aika was completely uncovered, while Sayo helped Alyssa to maintain the small towel positioned just below her waist. Alyssa turned her head up to the ceiling and tried to put it out of her mind as she felt Sayo's hands on her shoulders.
Sayo soothed her by massaging her head, but then moved to her chest. She made no attempt to avoid the breasts and was eventually directly rubbing her nipples. While intensely sexual to Alyssa, it was the same attention that Sayo was giving every other part of her body. Now too, her face was just inches from the face and chest of the petite Japanese girl. At this point Alyssa gave up on trying to hide her arousal. The scent of it was surely coming from more than just her and she could hear faint moans at that point.
She was sure Sayo could see in the dripping wetness between her legs and she ran her hands firmly up and around her thighs. The masseuse took her time doing this without touching the moist lips. Then without warning one pass came in direct contact with the entire slit. Alyssa held her breath to try to stay quiet, but it was improbably that most of the girls in the room noticed her shaking uncontrollably from the small orgasm she while in the hands of the beautiful Sayoko.
The next thing Alyssa remembered she was being helped off the table and into a hug with her masseuse. She stared into the girl's eyes as she tried to come to her senses. The towel had dropped somewhere leaving her totally nude as pressed against the shorter girl. A wet spot remained on the table. Aika briefly spoke quietly to Sayo who giggled and nodded repeatedly.
Alyssa floated back to their room behind her friends. She was beyond relaxed and did not hesitate to disrobe as they entered the room. A light dinner was set out for them, complete with soup, rice, dessert, and many small plates of delicacies. The 3 nude girls sat on the floor around the low table feeding themselves and even when a smiling older server from the kitchen came and poured each sake.
When they got to the small cakes Hana put a piece halfway in her mouth and moved her face towards Alyssa's. Their lips met as Alyssa took a bite and their tongues snaked into each other's mouths. Alyssa then turned to do the same with Aika. The latter pounced, rolling on top of her and intensely making out. They were interrupted by Hana who had put some of the cream on her nipples and them to the others. Then Alyssa had her mouth on another woman's breast for the first time. She laughed and licked as Aika did the same and Hana threw her head back telling them how good it felt.
They fooled around a little longer until they were in each other's arms and they told Alyssa they wanted to take her to the "special" bath. Their description was not clear, but Alyssa could guess what they meant by it being a bath for girlfriends.
They went through an unmarked door, into an open shower area with only a couple shower heads and several stools. Through this was a narrow L-shaped pool outdoor overlooked the valley. It was however well secluded from other parts of the complex with no rooms above it. Steam rose up into the dark nothingness above.
It did not seem any different than the others except that the 2 pairs of women in there, who looked up at them when they entered, were locked in embraces. They were older than the college girls -- one couple was at least in their mid 40s and the other was probably 25 and 40. After brief glances they each turned the attention back to their partners. One of the older couple laid her head gently on the shoulder of the other. The 40 year old cupped her younger partner's breast and moved in for a deep kiss.
The girls sat in the hot spring with their arms around each other until Aika abruptly left the room. When she returned she was accompanied by Sayo who beamed as she looked straight at Alyssa. In a movie-like moment she strutted to her, rocking her hips and shedding her robe in fluid motion. Alyssa was captivated by what she thought at the moment was the sexiest girl alive.
Sayo stepping into the pool, bowed, and sat next to Alyssa. She quietly told her that she was very beautiful and how she wanted to kiss her earlier. Time froze as they started making out slowly but intensely. Alyssa explored Sayo's tight, shapely body with her hands. When they stopped to catch their breath, she noticed that the 3 other couples were staring at them while they caressed each other. Alyssa just smiled as Sayo pulled her face back to meet hers.