I had been riding the train for nearly an hour and the sun was just beginning to set over the horizon. It was a warm autumn night, and I stared out the window watching the small towns fly by as the shadows drew longer over the fields. I had just begun to doze off when the train pulled into the Waterloo station. As the couple next to me collected their belongings and made their way off the train, I kept my eyes closed, hoping to fall asleep and shorten my long ride.
After a few moments I could hear someone nearby putting their bags in the over-head compartment. I opened my eyes and peeked over to see a woman stretching up to stow her luggage. She was wearing a knee-length black pencil skirt and black leggings. Her sweater crept up her stomach revealing a sliver of her toned stomach as she pushed her bags back. I turned my head back, closing my eyes before I was caught, and to my surprise she sat down next to me. I wondered what she looked like as I hadn't gotten a good look at her face, but I was too deep to go back now.
For the next ten minutes or so I kept my eyes closed, almost falling asleep again, though I didn't want to now. I looked over to her through half-closed eye-lids and was stunned by how pretty she was. She had short blonde hair, cropped just above her shoulders and a cute button nose. Her perky breasts were pushing against her white striped sweater. Her legs were crossed, pulling the skirt a few inches further up her thigh. She was reclined in her seat, and engrossed in her book.
I roused myself from my fake-sleep, and she turned. I smiled and she reciprocated warmly, dimples marking her cheeks as I excused myself past her to use the restroom. I washed my hands in the warm water, and splashed it on my face. I fixed my hair in the mirror, and returned to my seat. My leg brushed against hers as I passed to my seat. She didn't look up from her book, and I contemplated whether to hazard small talk with a reader (a pet peeve of mine). I decided to let her read in peace, taking a book from my own bag to hopefully spur interest.
I opened to my bookmark and started to read. About two paragraphs in, however, I realized I had no idea what I had just read. The smell of her soft perfume was making comprehension difficult. She shifted in her seat, as she flipped pages, crossing her other leg and turning towards me in the process. I tried to focus on my book, but found myself looking past the pages and down her shapely calf muscle.
I flipped a page to keep up appearances, as I inched my foot a little closer to hers. I was almost touching her foot, when she closed her book, holding the page with her finger before stretching. It took all of my willpower to not steal a glance, but I kept my eyes on the page absentmindedly reading the words. She re-opened her book, and I was startled to feel her foot touch mine. I could feel my heart beating a little faster as she kept her foot pressed lightly against mine. I forced myself to read the words, not wanting to read too much into it. I made it a few pages, before my curiosity got the better of me. With a sidewards glance I looked over at her book. I couldn't tell what book it was, but the page she was reading was most certainly a steamy excerpt. From what I could glean, it was an office tryst. I wanted to keep reading, but looked away fearing she might catch me.
My brain started to short-circuit as I imagined the beautiful woman sitting next to me, most likely aroused, and with her foot pressed against mine. Almost imperceptibly I nudged against her foot. I waited for a second, then a minute, then was surprised when she nudged my foot back. I turned another page, and set my hand on the arm rest, resting my fingers a few inches from her thigh. Thinking it too forward, I instead re-positioned myself toward her, feeling her dangling foot press softly against my calf. Immediately she brushed the back of my leg with her foot. I felt my heart jump, I loved the tension that was building so I stopped myself from looking over.
The sun had gone down by now, and the seats around us were all empty, save an older woman across the aisle a row ahead of us. I glanced over another paragraph before I noticed her thigh was tantalizingly close to my hand. I contemplated for a moment, before I grazed my pinky finger over her skirt. Without even looking up from her book, she drew the back of her foot up my calf to the back of my knee. I inched my hand a little closer, drawing feather-light circles over the fabric of her skirt with my ring and middle finger. I stole another peek at her book, and saw that she hadn't gotten much further. The bulge in my khakis was growing more noticeable at the thought of her wet lips just a few inches from my fingers. I pulled gently at her skirt, inching it slowly up her thigh. Without hesitation, she uncrossed her legs and casually flipped a page in her book. She held her knees together modestly, but made no effort to stop my fingers from bunching her skirt up her leg. My cock was rock hard now, clearly defined against my pants, and as I watched her leg out the side of my eye I caught her peeking.
Her skirt was nearly half-way up her thigh before I realized she wasn't wearing leggings, but stockings. The top seam was just barely exposed before the shape of the skirt made it difficult to hike it up any further. I walked my fingers down her thigh, still pretending to read as my fingers came to the top of her stocking. She slowly eased open her legs, the hem of her skirt tightening, slowly drawing up her thighs, until her bare skin flashed from under. My cock was so hard now, and my heart was beating in my throat. As my fingers teased closer to her tanned skin, she set her hand on the arm-rest, holding her book open with one hand. She squeezed the arm-rest, rubbing her hand shortly up and down it. I whisped my fingers between her thighs, feeling the electricity as they brushed over her bare skin. She twitched at the touch, and slid her hand under my arm lightly squeezing my thigh just below the tip of my cock. She rubbed her fingers up and down, still without as much as a glance over.
Her skirt was pulling tight into her skin, and she pushed her ass up off the seat and spread her legs wide until it was bunched around the bottom of her cheeks. I couldn't help but stare at her amazing legs, held tight by her stockings and garters. I looked away to keep up the act, but my fingers were now edging against the seam of her warm panties. She responded in kind, rubbing her hand agonizingly close to my dick.
She reached for my belt, and silently pulled it open, then popped open the button of my khaki's. She slid the zipper down quickly with a cough. And as she tugged open my pants, I cupped my hand against her pussy. I couldn't believe how incredibly wet she was. I had to take caution as I rubbed her lips to not make too much noise. She slid her hand under my boxer briefs and squeezed me tight between her fingers. I had to breathe, I was so turned on she could have made me pop with a few deft strokes.
I wanted to make her cum right there, but I knew I couldn't myself. I slipped my fingers under her lacy panties, cupping her pussy again, as I slid my fingers up her wet lips. I drew my fingers up to her clit and she squirmed under the touch. She pulled my dick out from under my briefs, and slid her hand up and down my stiff shaft until the head was wet with precum. I easily slipped two fingers into her tight slit, pushing them in deep, but slowly. I couldn't finger her fast, it would be too obvious. I slid my fingers in and out, glancing over to see her with her eyes closed, book still in hand, her arm fallen limp on the opposite arm rest. I set down my book, and reached across to squeeze her breast through her sweater. With my ear next to her I heard a soft moan escape her barely parted lips.
I was glad she had lost the rhythm with my cock, and I focused on rubbing her swollen little clit. I rubbed the tips of my fingers around it, then held them close. Sliding circles over her warm wet bud until she was biting her lip and squeezing her thighs tight around my hand. I slid my hand quickly under her sweater and bra squeezing her stiff nipple in my fingers, as I softly kissed the back of her neck. As she started to get closer, she regained interest in my cock, squeezing it tight and jacking me off faster the nearer she got. I was terrified the woman a row away was going to turn around, but the sound of the train was just enough to keep off suspicion. I pressed my thumb into her nipple, deeply massaging her breast, as I heard slight whimpers escaping from her lips. I pulled my hand from under her sweater, and held it over her mouth, her legs jerked wide open and I could smell her sweet pussy. I rubbed her clit until she was right on the edge, her muffled moans had me so hard I thought I might not be able to stop from cumming with her. Just then her legs snapped closed and her hips bucked up into my hand. I held her mouth firmly as she slunk down in her seat shivering.
I was impressed with how silent she was as she came, and so fucking turned on by watching her writhe in her seat. I had to fuck her, I needed so badly to bury my cock in her. Before she had regained any composure, I grabbed her by the wrist and pulled her up onto her feet, leading her to the changing room at the back of the train-car.
Part II coming soon.