The Restaurant was perfect, lights dimmed low the band was playing a soft musical number she couldn't place but called out to her all the same. She couldn't remember seeing so many beautiful people in one place at the same time. She felt almost humbled at the site. From her view, the scene reminded her of an old movie of a time long forgotten.
As she was guided to her table she noticed the sexy gazes from men and women alike. She felt her skin warm at the thought that they would take such notice in her, lust filled in their eyes. But that was the point was it not..
Earlier she had ensured that this night was going to be a night to remember. Spending more than a months pay on a sexy Red dress. She fell in love with it the moment she saw it. The dress was cut low in the back, almost backless. While the front hugged all the right curves. It was like the dress was made for her. And when she wore it, the dress made silent promises of pleasure and Sin. Under the dress she wore black Silk panties and matching stockings. She loved the feel of silk on her skin, and she knew that he loved it too. The finisher was a pair of silver tipped stiletto heels, and the Pheromone Perfume her Dark One had given to her.
He arose from the table to greet her, the pleasure in his eyes undeniable. He was dressed in a black custom fitted suit that defined his strong chest and arms. Under a black Silk shirt finished off by black shark skin Cowboy boots. He took her hand kissing her on the neck, his hand caressing her ass before he pulled her seat out for her to sit. The sat close to one another sharing pleasant conversations about their week. Their meal although pricey was delicious, and the wine.. there was a lot of wine. During the night he had rested his hand on her thigh as they talked, always a little higher than before. The effect of his touch was starting to become evident between her legs. She decided to boldly return the favor, placing her hand squarely between his legs gripping his cock. He didn't flinch or stutter in their conversation. Upping the ante she went to delicately unzip his zipper, his hand rested on hers stopping her from her goal.
"Behave.." he whispered.
She smiled, "I think not.."
She tried to undo his zipper again, but with the same results. So she switched tactics. Griping his cock through his pants, she started stroking his cock slowly. His hand didn't move from hers but his conviction started to falter. His grip relaxing. She knew how much he loved to play in public, sometimes they would take each other in restrooms, parks or even in a grocery store freezer. She stroked his cock more firmly as it stated to harden to her touch. Her actions had an unexpected down fall as her needs grew more desperate than his as she stroked his hard cock.
The lights went dark as the band played a slow seductive tune. He took her hand and led her to the dance floor. Their bodies pressed close to each other as he led her in a slow dance that told tales of love.. pleasures and Sin. Many eyes were focused on them, but she only noticed his dark eyes focused on her.
"you're a very naughty girl tonight my love.." he spun her out and then back in to him.
"I thought you liked me when I'm naughty.. Daddy.." She whispered into his ear.
this time when he spun her out he returned her facing away from her.. his very evident hard cock pressed against her ass.. " I do.." he bit the back of her neck gently.
"Time to go he whispered.."
The song finished and the lights brightened slowly. People applauded them as they walked back to their table and paid the bill. Leaving a generous tip they slowly walked out into the cool night air. Taking her hand he walked her to his car which was at the far end of the lot.
She turned to him but was met by his hungry gaze. He kissed her hard on the mouth his slipping his tongue into her mouth as he reached behind her neck, unclasping her top. The cool night air brushed over her now bare breasts, he lowered his head.. taking her nipple into his mouth. His tongue circling her nipple before biting it gently. His hands cold on her breasts as he caressed them gently. Raising his head he scraped his teeth softly along her neck. He slid off his jacket as she ripped open his shirt. Taking his nipple rings into her mouth biting him hard, pulling on them with her teeth. He let out a low growl.. gripping her by the neck, he pulled her close to him. Their nipples rubbing against each other. He kissed her softer now, taking in the softness of her lips. His hand slid slowly along her breasts.. down her stomach.. up under her dress. His hand slid into her panties, pressing against her wetness.. teasing her. She let out a soft moan as he eased a finger into her pussy, rubbing her slowly.. testing her readiness for him.
"Tell me.." he whispered.
".Mmm.. I want you my Dark One."
He gripped her neck, more firmly this time. "Tell me.." He growled.
She closed her eyes to the pleasure of his grip on her neck. "I need your hard cock in my pussy.. I need you to fuck me please Daddy"
She unbuckled his belt, undoing his pants with care. He wasn't wearing any boxers. She gripped his cock gently, trying to concentrate as he rubbed her pussy faster with purpose. Slowly stroking his cock, he was already hardening with need. Kissing her, he eased his fingers out of her. He turned her around quickly, bending her over the hood of his car.
For the first time since walking out into the parking lot, she looked around. Groups and couples were leaving the Restaurant some who had now stopped to watch this Erotic show that they were now supplying. She didn't care.. truth be told, it got her even more hotter. All that mattered right now was the coolness of the car on her breasts.. her lovers touch as he moved behind her, let them have their show. He raised her dress to the side as he gently bit the back of her neck, his teeth scraping softly down to her shoulder. He bit down onto her shoulder hard! causing another moan of pleasure to escape her lips. Grabbing her panties and ripping them from her body, he pushed her legs open wider. The tip of his cock pressed against her opening. With a single thrust he entered her hard and fast! Impaling her on his hard cock. She yelled out in pain and pleasure, she didn't care who heard her.
The crowd of watchers now grew as at least 12 people now watched, some in awe.. others holding each other closer. Kissing them with a lust of their own.
He clawed up her thigh, his nails biting into her flesh leaving a red trail as he ground his cock into her hard. Giving her pussy time to get accustomed to his size. Slowly he eased his cock out of her until only head remained inside of her. She let out a whimper but was quickly rewarded as he thrust his cock back into her. With a slow hard rhythm he made sure each thrust went deep inside her. He Gripped her hair tight, pulling her head back as he thrust his cock into her pussy Harder!! Faster!! She let herself lose all control, Moaning loudly as she slammed her ass back to meet his every thrust! The crowed getting more and more turned on by this erotic dance they were witnessing, kissing and fondling each other as her screams of pleasure filled the night air.
"oh God.. yess.. Cum for me Daddy.. make Me Cum!!"
He pulled her hair harder as he slammed his cock into her.. fucking her without mercy. He let out a loud Growl as his cock erupted inside of her, Cuming over and over.. setting off her own orgasm. Her pussy gripping him tight, He bit down onto her shoulder hard!! Pinning her to him as her pussy milked his cock of every drop. Slowly he eased his cock out of her, exhausted she dropped to her knees.. taking his cock into her mouth, she licked and sucked him clean. Tasting herself on his cock as she caressed his balls. He let out a moan as she sucked slowly on his cock, paying attention to every detail. She knew what her Dark One liked, have become an expert at pleasuring him. He gripped her hair and start fucking her mouth fast. She relaxed her throat as he pumped his cock into her eager mouth.
"Argh!! Fuck!! " He moaned loudly as his cock erupted .. Gripping her head holding her on his cock, making her swallow every drop.
"Mmm.. Thank you Daddy.." she whispered as she licked her lips.
For a Seconded time tonight the crowd applauded at the couple, although this dance was Sinfully different than the first.. the results still left them in Awe. Slowly the Crowed departed, some rushing home for their own dance, others happy if they make it to their car.
Dressing slowly.. he pulled her to him, caressing her face he didn't say anything. Just looked into her eyes. He kissed her lips softly, sucking on her lower lip.
"I know.." She smiled up at him. Kissing him softly, than gently biting his neck.. leaving her mark on him.
He walked her to her car, stopping for one last kiss. He made sure she had gotten into her car and watched as she drove off slowly.
She looked into her rearview mirror watching his silhouette disappear into the night..
She whispered to herself softly.. "thank you for the Dance my Dark One" then slowly disappeared into the night..
The End