Author's Note:
This submission is part two of a story that I had way too much fun writing. Like a lot of stories there is a balance of fact and fiction. Just how much is fact and how much is fiction you will only be able to guess but let's just say I consider this an ad-hoc persuasive letter to my wife. I have been writing stories for her for a while and she always looks forward to reading them. She is my greatest fan!
I do feel it necessary for you to read part one so you can understand who these people are. Enjoy!
*****
I have to begin by saying that I had always considered myself to be a patient guy. When Marie and I were newly married I worked as a house painter for a while and if there is anything that teaches patience it's painting. Endless hours of finishing trim help develop endurance. If you don't have the fortitude to complete the work you don't get paid.
I was now facing a brand new challenge. This one threatened to break down my resistance and defeat me.
It had been about a month since I told Marie about the weekend with Jack and I found myself becoming increasingly preoccupied thinking about it. I realized that she had given me the go ahead with setting up a scenario where something could possibly happen between the three of us but I wondered if she really had been thinking clearly. Did her impending orgasm have anything to do with it?
I wanted more than anything to bring it up again with her but also didn't want to make it seem like I was too eager. There was no doubt that I was. I couldn't stop thinking about what might happen. I just had to be careful.
Jack was pretty happy when he heard that Marie and I talked about it. We emailed back and forth several times that next week and I was a little shocked at how much it thrilled me whenever I had a message waiting from him. I knew that it was going to be about sex and it excited me. The conversation was fairly one sided at first. He wanted to know everything that happened that night and I was very uncomfortable putting this in writing.
The fact that I wasn't giving too much detail at first brought out a side of Jack that I had never seen before. He became increasingly desperate in his messages. I realized there was a definite shift in the balance of power in our relationship and I liked it.
My fantasies changed as well and I was turned on by the idea of controlling things more. It would never have been a consideration before but, ever since Marie asked me if Jack would give me a blow job, I was drawn to the idea of taking charge and having many hands and mouths on me at once. It was amazing how the thin veneer of normalcy was quickly dissolving. At least what I thought was normal.
On a particularly cool Friday evening I was sitting in the hot tub on my own enjoying the pulsing of the jets washing over me. I had been daydreaming about Suzanne and me watching Marie giving Jack a slow, sensual handjob and my cock was fully erect. I was purposely not touching myself instead revelling in the sensation of the hot water washing over me.
I was so lost in my thoughts that I didn't hear Marie come outside. She was already in the water before I realized that she was there. She touched her foot to mine pulling me out of my reverie. I opened my eyes and saw her smiling at me.
"Mind if I join you?" she asked.
"As long as you're naked." I smiled back.
She made her way over to my side and, leaning over me, held her breast against my face. She traced my lips with her hardened nipple, teasing me with it. Marie has exquisite areolas and I could feel the tiny bumps on them against my lips. With my tongue I lightly flicked at her and she sighed contentedly.
Reaching between my legs she wrapped her hand around my hardness.
"Oh my," she exclaimed, "what have we here?"
I closed my eyes enjoying the feeling of her hand on me.
"It seems like it's angry with me. Is your cock angry with me?" she joked.
"Uh huh," I mumbled, "it wants to punish you."
Much to my disappointment Marie released me from her grip and returned to the other side of the tub.
"What were you thinking about that brought this on?" she asked with a smirk on her face.
"Maybe it was the fact that you had your gorgeous tits in my face?" I countered.
"That could be possible," she paused for a second, "except that I am very sure it was like that before I got in."
"Tell me what you were thinking about." she repeated.
I leaned my head back against the edge of the tub and closed my eyes. I have never lied to her and figured that now wasn't the time to start.
"I was watching you." I began.
"Watching me do what?"
"I was watching you give someone a handjob." I chose my words carefully wanting to see how she would react.
"I'm assuming that it wasn't you?" she teased.
"You are correct."
"I'm also assuming that it was Jack?" she guessed.
"It was." I agreed.
"Where were we when this was happening?" Marie asked quietly.
My hardon wasn't going away anytime soon. She was settling in and wanted a story.
"The four of us were here in the hot tub." I began.
"Suzanne and I are together and Jack is sitting on edge. You are in between his legs teasing him, barely touching him. He is looking down at you while you trace your fingertips along his inner thighs but you won't touch his cock. He wants you to so badly but you are in control."
Her eyes were closed and she was lying back in the sloped hot tub seat.
"He wants to see your tits but you mostly stay underneath the water. His pleasure is in your control." I watched her body react to my voice.
I spoke quietly so that she could just hear me above the noise of the water.
"He is so hard. Your face is inches from him and you are fascinated with the veins on the underside of his cock. They are pulsing. You want to feel them with your tongue but you stop yourself. You know you should wait because you want him begging for you to make him cum."
I wanted to touch my own cock but also didn't want this to end.
"Play with your nipples for me."
Marie cupped her breasts in her hands and started to pinch her nipples between her thumbs and fingers.
"Does that feel good?" I asked quietly.
"Oh yeah," she half moaned, "Please don't stop."
Pausing for a moment I watched her rubbing her thighs together under the water. I always marvelled at my wife. Until she met me she never masturbated. I guess it was her strict Catholic upbringing that stopped her. Now I can get her to do it so easily. She has often said that I have corrupted her. I take a lot of pleasure in that fact.
"He wants to touch himself but you stop him. You want him to say nothing and do nothing. You love being able to control him and you know that from his perspective, he can see that you are only inches from him. So close that he can feel your hot breath on his balls." I kept my voice low and even not wanting to break her from this spell.
Marie stretched her legs out and pointed her toes; a sure sign that she was very turned on. I wondered for a moment if she would be able to cum without even touching herself.
I continued on, "You run your hands up his thighs to his stomach and then to his chest; stopping to lightly pinch his nipples. He loves that. Pressing harder you slowly move your hands down and come closer to his cock being careful not to touch it. You stop over his pubic bone and press your hand there. His cock spasms from the pressure of your touch."
I couldn't resist anymore and had to touch myself. I wrapped my hand around the base of my cock and squeezed. The hot water had loosened my skin on my sac and, with my other hand, I gently played with my balls.
"He is starting to tremble as he anticipates your first contact." Just the thought of her touching him almost made me cum. I had to back off when I started feeling that sweet pain begin deep within me.
"You want to touch him now don't you?" I questioned her.
Marie just nodded her head slowly.
"Spread your legs for me. Play with your pussy." I was enjoying this.
Although I couldn't see I knew that she had opened herself up to me. Her right hand slipped underneath the water and rested between her legs. The muscles of her forearm were flexing and I could tell that she was gently rubbing her clit.
"Finally you very lightly trail your finger from his balls to his cockhead and then back down again. He seems to grow even thicker with that first touch."
I so badly want to cum too but I resist the urge so I could finish the story quickly. Marie was fingering her pussy with more intensity.
"He is begging you to wrap your hand around his cock and finish him off. Instead you gently encircle the head of his penis with your fingers and cup his balls with your other hand."
I moved over to her side of the tub and ran my hands up and down Marie's thighs; to be close for when she finished herself off.
"With a light grip," I continue, "you slide your hand down the length of his cock and back up quickly. You are hardly touching him but the feeling to him is incredible. He pushes his pelvis up to you to try to get you to suck on him. He is so close to cumming."
Marie's orgasm was building. I felt compelled to make sure that Jack came in my story just when she did.
"Your hand is wet with his precum and you tighten your grip on him." I am talking faster to match the speed that I imagine Marie is stroking his cock.
"You sense his body tensing now and his balls tighten in your hand." I paused slightly in my story until I felt that Marie's orgasm was imminent. She began contracting and then relaxing her thigh muscles and had arched her back so that her hand was just under the surface of the water. She was almost frantic in her attempt to coax this elusive climax out of her.
Jack needed to cum now.
"He is starting to peak so you suck on the underside of his cockhead and jerk him faster," I am desperate to help her finish, "his cock throbs against your lips and he can't hold off any longer."
Marie's hand was a blur moving over her pussy and water was splashing everywhere.
"He grabs the back of your head holding your lips hard to him. You can't move. All you can do is suck harder and feel his climax overtake him."
I could feel my own orgasm building and through sheer will power forced it to momentarily recede.
"His cock pulses and he sends stream after stream of cum onto his stomach. His body convulses as each wave passes."
The full force of her orgasm washed over her and she spasmed almost violently, momentarily losing control of her body. Marie had pushed herself further up the seat and she was almost halfway out of the water.
Watching my beautiful wife surrender to the pleasure was too much for me and I finally gave in to the inevitable. Spasms started even before I managed to sit on the edge of the tub and wrap my hand around my cock. I stroked myself faster now and was past the point of no return shooting load after load onto my stomach. I kept pumping and my climax seemed to be without end.
With the final contractions I squeezed the head of my cock, forcing the remaining contents of my balls to collect on my hand.
I was stuck because I was shaking from the intensity of my orgasm and I couldn't trust myself to stand. I had also a substantial amount of cum to deal with.
Her eyes were still closed and she was lightly trailing her finger along the length of her slit. She looked absolutely perfect backlit by the lights in the hot tub and her nipples stood out like top hats seemingly begging me to suck on them.
Still I didn't move. She seemed to be enjoying her post-orgasmic bliss and I didn't want to disturb her.
It was most likely the sound of my teeth chattering from the cool night air that brought Marie out of her trance. She laughed when she opened her eyes and finally looked up at me. Sitting naked on the edge of the hot tub, shivering, with my softened dick in my hand and covered with jizz I must have been quite the site.
"You idiot," she squealed, "You must be freezing!"
Marie quickly got out of the water and grabbed a towel to start cleaning me up.
I just smiled at her.
"That was fucking incredible." Was all I could manage.
Marie threw the towel onto the patio and pulled me back into the water.
"That is because you have such a delightfully wicked imagination." She cooed as she climbed onto my lap facing me.
My brain was still in a fog and everything seemed surreal to me. I was quickly warming up under the water.
"You enjoyed the story then?"
Marie buried her face into the nape of my neck and wrapped her arms around me, "I'm pretty sure you could tell that I did."
I decided to press forward despite my apprehension about bringing up a potentially sensitive subject.
"So," I started slowly, "if you were to hypothetically see two guys sitting in this very hot tub you wouldn't have a problem with that?"
"Why would I?" Marie's voice was soft and sexy.
"And if they happen to not have anything on?" I added.
"It would be silly to be wearing anything." She purred.
The direction of this conversation was definitely having an effect on Marie. She was straddling me and pressing her thighs against me tightly. I had my hands on her ass and gently massaged her at the same time pulling her closer to me.
"You do realize that you would have a great view of the hot tub from the guest room?" I glanced toward the second floor window that was directly above us.
She sat up and, feigning surprise, looked me in the eye. "What would I be able to see from that window?"
I chose my words very carefully. "I'm pretty sure you will be able to see anything that might pique your interest".
Marie glanced up at the window and then back to me.
"It can be pretty dark down here at night. I guess the lights would have to be on in the tub for me to see anything."
"If you were up in that room watching," I continued, "and the lights just happen to be on in the tub, what would you be interested in seeing...hypothetically speaking I mean?"
Marie smiled and bit her lower lip. She looked so fucking sexy when she did that.
"If we are just talking here I guess if I happen to see two guys sitting naked in a hot tub and they just happen to be aroused to the point that they are touching themselves under the water I guess I wouldn't mind watching."
"Do these guys know what each other are doing under the water?" I wanted to see how far she would take this.
"No," she looked thoughtful for a moment, "not at first. I think that they were just enjoying themselves."
"Please go on." I encouraged her. I was enjoying how our roles had reversed in such a short time. We were definitely venturing into uncharted territory.
"They seem to be pretty comfortable being naked in front of each other so there might have been a bit of a history between them."
As she was talking Marie ground her pussy into me. Having just had one of the best self-administered orgasms of my life there wasn't a chance that I was going to get hard again anytime soon so instead I repositioned her in order to work my hand between her legs.
Spreading her thighs wider she allowed me better access and I quickly located her clit; vibrating it with my middle finger I intentionally kept my touch light, not wanting to distract her. I wanted her to cum again but not too quickly. Her story was too intriguing.
She relaxed against me resting her head on my shoulder.
"I don't know for sure if they have ever done anything together but the interest is there. I can tell they want to watch each other and in turn want to be watched. "
I said nothing so as to not break her train of thought.
"At some point one of them comments on how hot the water is and he needs to sit on the edge of the hot tub to cool off. He warns the other that the swirling water might have gotten him slightly aroused."
"His friend says to go ahead and that it won't bother him."
Marie's voice was barely above a whisper now. Her body was reacting to both her story and to my attention to her clit.
"He lifted himself out of the water slowly; intentionally taking his time. He was enjoying this and was hoping for some sort of reaction."
At that moment I realized two things. First of all she was good at this and secondly I was wrong about something. My cock was now at full attention and wanted in on the action. I ignored it and instead increased the pressure and tempo of my finger on her. She was pressing herself against me; wordlessly demanding that I press harder.
"It was dark out but the lights in the tub glistened off his body. His friend gasped when his cock came into view. He thought was how perfect it looked almost as if it was created from the imagination of some great artist."
She was beginning to have difficulty focusing now and there were pauses in her story. Her hold on me tightened making it harder for me to attend to her.
"He imagined holding it...feeling it throb in his powerful hand. His own prick begged for release."
I kept increasing the pressure of my finger to match the gyrations of her hips. I couldn't even tell if was hitting the right spot but Marie didn't seem to notice.
She was silent now.
"Does he really want to feel that beautiful cock in his hand?" I picked up where she left off.
"Mmmmmm." was all she could say.
"Do you want to see him suck his cock?" I whispered in her ear. She was squeezing me so hard I was almost breathless.
"Yeah!"
"Do you want to see him suck my cock?"
Marie didn't have time to answer. Her orgasm surged through her and all I could do was hold on. I kept working her clit with my finger until her climax peaked and just as quickly started fading away. Marie's hold on me slackened and I felt I could finally take a full breath again. I kept pressure against her satiated pussy and could feel the residual contractions through the palm of my hand.
She was completely spent and didn't appear to want to move anytime soon. My penis was still fully erect but I figured it could wait. I had my answer and my mind was racing with question after question.
The main one being how was I going to make this happen?
I was very restless that night so, after Marie fell asleep, I went to my office and turned on my computer. Normally I would have masturbated watching some porn however I had more pressing matters to take care of.
I wanted to tell Jack what happened and see what his reaction was but I didn't trust e-mail. After a bit of research I figured out that I didn't have to be absolutely truthful when setting up an account. I could use an alias and pretend I was someone else. I also discovered a new tool and instead of using e-mail I could send him instant messages.
Within a short time I had everything set up and was ready to go. Now the doubts started creeping in. If I went ahead with my plan there would be no backing out. With Jack there was no half way. Either you go big or you go home. I sat in front of my screen for what seemed like hours before I typed my first word.
Hey!
It wasn't much but it took all of my mental capacity to come up with that one word. I really had no idea how this was supposed to work and if he was even going to see it. I had to assume that he needed to actually have his e-mail open to get my message which meant he had to be sitting at his computer at 3:07 in the morning.
I sat staring at that blinking cursor feeling more and more ridiculous as time went on. How long before I gave up and headed to bed? I was pretty sure the beating of my heart was in sync with the blinking of the cursor on my screen and I quickly went from hoping that he would respond to being afraid that he actually would.
Then his message came through.Who is this?
Oh fuck! I felt a flush tear through my body and my palms immediately became wet with sweat. My heart pounded in my ears. What the fuck do I do now? I could ignore it and shut down my computer and try to go to sleep. I was sure that there was no way he could find out who sent him that message. At least I was pretty sure.
I just sat there and did nothing.
Hello? I don't know who you are.
My mind went back to earlier that evening and pictured Marie in the hot tub bringing herself to orgasm because of the scene that I was describing to her. Namely making my friend cum right in front of me. She wanted to do it and so did I.
My hands were shaking as I began typing.
Hi. It's me. Don't use my name once you figure out who this is.
It was a long minute before he responded.
Give me a hint.
He wanted a fucking hint!
You really like my hot tub!
What the fuck are you doing up so late? I would guess that you are jerking off but you need both hands to type.
He just can't stop being Jack.
Promise me that you will delete this conversation after. I don't want any evidence of it to hang around.
I could almost hear him laughing.
Are you a spy or something? Do you need to hide a body? You know I am ok with that right?
Please just promise!!
I figured adding exclamation marks would really underscore the importance of my request.
Sure. No problem. I promise I will delete this conversation.
One thing I knew about Jack. He always kept his promises.
I still had one more chance to change my mind. Once Jack had even an inkling of what I was proposing he would be like a dog on a bone.
I have something to talk to you about.
His response came almost immediately.
I figured something was up. It's way past your bedtime.
I smiled to myself. The tone of his messages was going to drastically change once he understood my intentions and this strangely gave me a sense of control.
We had a very interesting night.
There was no need to mention names. He knew who I was referring to.
Are you going to tell me why it was interesting or will I have to guess?
As much as I wanted to drag this out I was also goddamn horny. I wanted to talk about sex. I wanted to see if this was really going to happen.
Let's just say that we had fun in the hot tub and we sort of talked about things.
I didn't have to wait long for him to reply.
Now you have my attention. What sort of fun did you have and what did you talk about????
I figured that it was reasonably safe to write anything now.
We talked about some interesting scenarios and what would happen if we ever invited others into the hot tub with us.
My cock started to stir in anticipation of where this conversation was heading.
Ok. I'm liking this so far.
I was imagining him sitting at his computer stroking himself which only made me more excited.
I took a deep breath and continued typing.
There may be a possibility that she might and I mean might be interested in doing some things.
I didn't want to write too much too quickly but it seemed that, with every key stroke, my cock got harder and the harder I got the bolder I became.
While I waited for him to respond I took off my boxers and teased myself by gently running my finger up and down the length of the underside of my cock. A small drop of precum appeared at the slit in my cockhead and I used my finger to massage it into the sensitive skin around it. I imagined Jack doing this to me and Marie sitting beside us watching.
I had to quickly back off as the unmistakeable signs of release started in my balls. I didn't want to finish before I told Jack everything.
Jack's messaged popped up on my screen bringing me back to reality.
Just to make sure I am getting this right. We are talking about sex right? With your wife right? When you say doing things you mean sex????
I wanted to be cautious and take this conversation slow but I also wanted to tell him that yes I was talking about sex and not just with my wife. I had to resist the urge to stroke my cock to completion right there.
I took another deep breath to calm myself.
I'm not entirely sure what I mean actually. She is interested in things and so am I. It does involve you but I don't know where to go from here. She wants to see and experience things but she is scared and so am I. I hope you know what I mean?
I felt a little ridiculous sitting in my chair naked with my dick sticking straight up and me typing away like this was all very normal.
I went on not waiting for him to respond.
I don't want this to make things awkward between us but I'm so fucking horny all the time thinking about it and I feel I need to step outside my comfort zone.
I was pretty sure that it was my cock that typed that sentence because I instantly regretted hitting send as soon as I did.
His reply was quick and immediate.
Fucking cool. Just to let you know I am hard as a rock right now.
Here we go. My mouth was dry and my heart was pounding in my chest. I was only partially certain that what I was typing was actually legible.
Me too!!
Fuck! Why did I type that? Why did I send that? Was I prepared to actually do this? I didn't like losing control of things and this had the real potential of spiraling out of control very quickly. Still I couldn't stop myself.
What does she want to see?
I knew this question was coming. I sat for a moment staring at my screen not knowing how to respond. Luckily my cock knew what to say.
You know how men love to watch two women get it on?
Of course. What's not to love about it??
I held my breath as I typed.
She's the same.
She wants to watch two women have sex?????
I guess I shouldn't have expected him to get it right away.
Maybe but that's not what I mean.
It took him a few moments to respond.
Oh. I see. Ok.
What did he mean by "Ok"? Was he just telling me he understood or was he Ok with it?
Before I could type anything else he messaged me again.
Is this something that might interest you??
I couldn't answer right away. I was stroking my cock and bringing myself close to the edge. My hand was slick with my precum now and I felt light headed. It took every ounce of my waning self-discipline to redirect my attention back to my keyboard.
Maybe. I think so. The idea really turns her on.
Does it turn you on?
He knew how to read between the lines.
I had to be honest with him.
Let's just say that at the moment I am probably 3 or 4 strokes from making a mess all over my computer!!
Nice!! Me too. Is there anything in particular that she wants to see?
I didn't want to get too carried away so I kept it simple.
She's not interested in kissing or romance stuff. Neither am I. She wants to see you use your hand on me.
She wants to watch me jerk you off???
Yes
Would this happen in your hot tub?
Yes.
I couldn't tell if I was scared or excited by the fact that we were actually discussing this happening.
Would she be in the hot tub with us???
I had to think about this one for a bit. As much as I would love for her to be right there beside us I thought that she would be more comfortable watching from in the house.
I don't think so. She would be watching from inside. It would be up to her how much she wanted to get involved. Another important thing is that if she wanted to cancel it at the last minute she could. No questions asked.
I waited for a few minutes and there was no response. I figured he was either typing a long response or jerking off. I was pretty sure it was the latter. My cock was hot to the touch and I squeezed it lightly at the root. I was so very close to cumming.
Let's do it.
Those simple words typed out by Jack sent a shockwave of fear through my body. Up until this point we were just having fun. It wasn't real. We were both horny and didn't really have to take it seriously. I sat back in my chair and stared at my keyboard; willing it to type something that would get me out of this.
It just stared back at me as if to say that I got myself into this mess. I knew that I didn't want to back out now. I wanted to see Jack's hand wrapped around me and stroking me to a mind blowing orgasm. I wanted to be able to look up and see Marie watching from the window. I wanted to see her make herself cum at the same time.
I tightened my grip around my cock and started slowly stroking. With my left hand I typedOK.
Jack got back to me right away.
About to cum
It was almost too much of an effort to answer.
Me too
I felt myself thickening and my climax overtook me. The pent up tension deep within my core immediately released and surged up from under my scrotum to spread throughout my body. With my free hand I pressed on my taint adding to the intense pleasure causing me to cry out involuntarily.
I held off as long as possible to heighten the feeling of euphoria but then my body reflexively shuddered and I shot seemingly endless streams of cum on to my stomach and chest. Through the palm of my hand I could feel the pulse of my ejaculate surging through my cock and kept stroking well after I could no longer coax any more out. After two incredible orgasms in one evening I had nothing more to give.
Even after the spasms subsided I was shaking from the intensity of my orgasm. I kept my eyes closed waiting for my heart beat to slow down to something near normal.
Looking up at my screen I saw that there was a message from Jack.
Did you finish?
Yeah
Was there a lot?
I glanced down at my chest.
Oh yeah
Did you hit 4 feet this time?
I just smiled to myself.
I needed to clean up and go to bed.
Let's talk later
I had some thinking to do.
Since I was up so late I had planned on sleeping in but found myself awake and restless as the sun starting peeking in our bedroom window. I looked over at Marie. The features in her face were so relaxed as she lay there still in a deep sleep. The natural beauty of her skin highlighted the soft, fullness of her lips. Those same lips that I imagined pleasuring my best friend only a few hours before.
I felt that familiar reviving of desire so I forced myself to get out of bed rather than wake Marie. Truthfully my balls ached a bit and I figured I needed to give them a much needed rest.
I made my way to my computer fooling myself into thinking that I was going to do some work. After a few minutes I gave up on that plan and opened up my e-mail. I had forgotten to delete the conversation with Jack and, as I started to reread it, wondered if I might look at it differently in the light of day and without sporting a hardon. I didn't.
The whole idea appealed to me even more.
After deleting the chat I sat back to think. As much as I wanted Suzanne there I thought that there would be less pressure on Marie if it were just Jack for what I hoped was only the first time. If she didn't feel comfortable then she could just back out and nothing would happen. I knew that Suzanne worked nights every second weekend and so figured that the following weekend would work the best.
I also had to come up with some sort of signal so that I could tell if she didn't want things to progress further. The first idea that came to mind was that, if she left the ceiling light on in the guest room, I would take it as a sign that she didn't want anything to happen, period.
I quickly typed a quick message to Jack asking him if he wanted to come over to watch a game on Friday night and hit send before I could change my mind. I wanted to keep it light and, besides, he would be able to figure things out.
I checked for a reply later that morning and, sure enough, Jack got back to me saying that he would be happy to come over. I was glad that he didn't say any more than that not knowing if anything was actually going to happen. Somehow I still needed to let Marie know about it without freaking her out.
It was Wednesday before I gathered up enough courage to let her know. I decided that I would send her an e-mail so that she could be alone when she read it and, more importantly, I wouldn't make a fool of myself trying to sound casual when I told her.
It took me about an hour to finally come up with a message that sounded nonchalant but also got the point across.
Jack will be coming over to watch the game on Friday night and maybe enjoy the hot tub. If you want nothing to happen leave the guest room ceiling light on. I will absolutely understand and respect your decision.
After having read and reread it at least 20 times I decided it didn't sound too pushy. It took me another hour to hit send.
I purposely sent it to her work e-mail so that it would be Thursday morning before she would get it. By mid-morning I got a reply. It simply readOk.
If Marie was concerned or anxious about my plan she didn't show it when she got home that night or the next day when she left for work. In fact it was almost as if she hadn't read my e-mail at all. In sharp contrast I was a bit of a mess, at least on the inside. Outwardly I was holding it together pretty well. Most of the day Friday was spent watching the clock and second guessing myself.
We were expecting low temperatures and rain in the evening so I lit a fire when I got home and prepared supper. Marie was still not showing any indication that this evening was going to be any different than others which actually helped me relax a bit.
It wasn't until just before Jack was supposed to show up that she told me that she was going upstairs to read. Normally she would have curled up in front of the fire and settled in for the evening. I had worried about how things were going to go between them when he did finally show and this helped alleviate that concern.
Just after 7 I heard the doorbell ring which surprised me. Jack would have normally just walked in. When I opened the door he was standing there and he seemed different. My first thought was that looked nervous. Maybe even a little scared.
I stepped back from the doorway to let him in but he didn't move. Instead he just stood there. It had just started to rain and he was starting to get soaked.
"Aren't you going to come in?" I asked.
He nodded and walked by me, stopped a few feet from the door, and quickly scanned the room.
"She's upstairs reading," I told him in response to the puzzled look on his face, "she's not into hockey."
He seemed to immediately relax. "Suzanne is the same. She actually can't stand watching it."
I went to the fridge to get him a beer. "Are you hungry? Have you had supper?" I called out from the kitchen. He was warming himself by the fire and seemed to be mesmerized by the flames.
"Jack?"
"What? Sorry?" He slowly looked up from the fireplace.
I pointed at the fridge. "Do you want something to eat?"
"No. I'm good," He replied distractedly.
I turned on the TV and sat on the couch motioning for him to sit down. He glanced towards our stairway a few times before he joined me.
We watched the game in silence for a few minutes. This was not normal for Jack. By now he should be offering up all kinds of innuendos and insults. This is especially true when he watches hockey.
"Are you ok?" I was getting a little concerned.
"I'm fine." He didn't sound convincing.
"I got something for you." I stood up quickly and went to the kitchen.
When I came back I handed him a small container.
"It has been years since I made these and I thought I would give them a try again."
He looked up at me. "Are these what I think they are?"
"Oh yeah." I smiled.
Jack took a brownie out of the container and tasted it.
"Not bad," he said. Popping the rest of it into his mouth he reached for another.
"You might want to take it easy with those. I don't know how strong they are." I cautioned him.
He just smiled at me and finished off the second one. I took one for myself and sat down.
When I decided to make the brownies they were supposed to be for me. To help me relax. As it turned out it seemed they might have been for both of us.
We sat there for a while talking about the game and doing our best to make this seem like a typical Friday night. Jack seemed to be more at ease and I began feeling relaxed as the brownie started to take effect. Any apprehension about what I was planning was quickly dissolving away.
Without saying a word I got up off the couch and went over to the patio door to look outside. I had a surreal sense of confidence come over me and decided it was now or never. I grabbed a few towels and threw one at Jack.
"Hot tub time my friend." I wanted to take control of this situation. I needed to.
Opening the door I stepped out into the cold night air, uncovered the tub and turned on the underwater light. I glanced up at the guest room window and saw that the room was dark. I started shivering but couldn't tell if it was from the cold or nerves.
I didn't waste time getting undressed and quickly got in. Sitting with my back to the door I reclined against the seat and closed my eyes. The heat from the swirling water started calming my nerves immediately.
I heard the patio door open and close and soon sensed the water rise as Jack got in.
My mind wandered back to the previous Friday to the scene that I painted for Marie; that of her stroking Jack's cock while I watched. I pictured her cupping his balls gently while massaging the underside of his cockhead with her thumb. Something that would have been unthinkable in the past was, at that moment, what I wanted to experience the most.
Opening my eyes I saw that he was staring at me and repositioned myself so that Jack could easily see that I was semi-erect. I wanted to expose myself completely to him and was feeling a sense of power that was foreign to me.
I glanced surreptitiously toward the second floor and was relieved to see that the room was still dark. It was then that I noticed a slight movement in the window. It was too dark to see any details but there was no doubt in my mind that Marie was watching us. From her vantage point she would clearly be able to see that I was aroused.
I wanted to put on a great show just for her.
My high was just starting to really kick in and it felt like I could feel every jet massage me. I reached under the water and grabbed my cock, giving it a squeeze. It felt so good in my hand.
"Do you want me to show you how much I love my hot tub?" My voice sounded detached.
Jack nodded and smiled. He looked like he was feeling the full effects of his double dose of brownies.
I stood up slowly and sat on the edge of the tub exposing myself completely. It was just starting to rain and the cold droplets stung my hot skin. I couldn't imagine ever having being more aroused. Knowing that my wife was watching was almost more than I could handle.
I leaned back so that my cock was lying flat against my stomach. Jack was no longer smiling and instead was staring intently at what I was doing. I gave myself a few slow jerks. My balls, the skin relaxed from the hot water, rose and fell with each pull.
"Are you going to show me how much you love it too?" My voice, hoarse and low, belied my inner turmoil. My heart felt like it was going to explode from my chest. I wanted him to replace his hand with mine and finish me off then and there but I didn't want this to end yet. Besides, Marie needed her show.
With exaggerated, slow movements Jack stood up and faced me placing his hands on his hips. He was hard and his cock stood out proudly from his body. As with the first time we shared the hot tub nude I was awestruck with how perfect it looked. It would have been so easy to reach out and touch it.
I slipped back into the water once it got too cold. Jack did the same. The warmth quickly enveloped me and I once again grabbed my cock to give it a few jerks. It was obvious to me that Jack was doing the same. I checked the window again and was happy to see that Marie was still watching although it was becoming harder to see her through the rain.
I was trying to decide what my next move was when Jack's foot touched my hand. That simple contact was exhilarating. I didn't think it was possible but it seemed like I was even harder. I threw caution to the wind and removed my hand and pulled his foot hard against me. I resisted the urged to rub myself on him harder fearing that I would cum right away.
Jack was smiling at me. He was trying to take over and I wasn't going to allow it. I reached out to him with my foot and gently placed it flat against him. This was the first time that I ever touched another man in this way and the feeling was indescribable. I could feel him flex his hardness against the bottom of my foot which radiated up through me to my core.
Marie needed to see this but there was no chance with the rain now falling hard. As much as I wanted to not move I knew that nothing was going to happen if we stayed where we were.
"Let's move inside." I had to speak up to be heard over the driving rain.
Jack nodded and we got out of the water and ran for the door. I quickly grabbed a few more dry towels and we stood in front of the fire to dry off and warm ourselves. I turned off the lights so that only the glow from the fireplace lit the room.
There was no sense of embarrassment or shame being fully aroused and naked in front of my friend. I felt only the desire to experience something new with him.
I sat on the floor in front of the fire leaning back against our couch. I stretched out my legs and started to lightly stroke the length of my cock. The heat from the fire felt soothing against my skin.
Jack stood over me and the flickering light reflected off his wet skin highlighting his long and lean form. From my vantage point his prick looked impressive. He grasped himself at his root and squeezed hard; accentuating the veins running the length of his shaft.
I pointed to a spot on the floor in front of me and motioned for Jack to sit. Opening my legs wider so that I could cup my balls I lightly wrapped my hand around myself. He sat opposite me and mirrored me so that we faced each other.
I was fixated on watching him encircle his hard length with his hand forcing a small drop of precum appeared at the head of his cock. Using his forefinger he slowly rubbed it into the yielding flesh of the tip.
In turn I touched the tip of my finger to my own wetness and brought it to my tongue. Staring directly into his eyes I licked my finger clean. As surreal as this was to me I knew I was in a very safe place and was feeling brave.
"You are definitely full of surprises," Jack said as he began to lightly trail his finger up and down from his balls to the tip of his cock, "Where do we take it from here?"
Before I could answer I sensed movement to my left. Turning my head slightly I glanced into the room and could just make out Marie sitting on the stairs. From where she was sitting she could clearly see us and what we were doing. I couldn't tell if she knew I was aware of her presence.
I mouthed to Jack, "It seems we have an audience."
Jack smiled and whispered back, "Let's give her something worth watching."
With that he moved over to me and, kneeling between my legs, placed his hands on my thighs. This is what Marie wanted to see and I was more than happy to indulge her. The sensation of having his hands on me was so foreign and yet so exciting.
Gradually he worked his hands higher causing goosebumps to form on my warm skin. My heart was beating faster the closer he got to the apex of my legs. He massaged my inner thighs and I held my breath when he brought his thumbs so deliciously close to my balls. It was only when he moved his hands back down my legs to start over that I exhaled.
Marie had moved off the stairs and was now standing beside the couch no more than 10 feet from us. She was wearing a short night shirt and her nipples were fully erect. She either didn't realize that I saw her or didn't care and seemed to be focused solely on what Jack was doing to me.
"If Marie were here," he began, pretending that he wasn't aware of her presence," what would she like to see?"
I smiled at him. This was going to be fun.
"She really wants to see your hand on my cock. It turns her on so fucking much. You should have seen how hard she came when we talked about it." I was surprising myself as well with how easily I was playing along.
"You mean like this?"
As if in slow motion he lightly touched the tip of my cock with his finger and, as he did to himself moments before, massaged my own precum onto the sweet spot on the underside of my cock head.
I had to close my eyes for a moment to focus on not exploding right then and there. The visual was almost too much for me.
When I opened my eyes I saw that Marie was sitting down now on the loveseat and had her one hand between her legs; her thighs clamped tightly together. With her other hand she was pinching her nipple between her finger and thumb. The look on her face was one of pure concentration. He gaze didn't waver from Jack's hand on me.
Jack traced a line from the tip of my cock to the underside of my balls leaving a single line of wetness behind. He then lightly cupped my balls in his hand.
"You have a very nice looking cock my friend." He said probably more for Marie's benefit than mine.
"Would she like to see this?" he asked as he proceeded to grasp a hold of me giving me a few quick jerks.
I moaned out loud and had to pull Jack's hand away quickly. I immediately felt the familiar tickle just behind my balls. It wasn't time just yet.
I got to my knees and indicated to Jack to lie on his back.
Marie had moved to the floor and was leaning back against the loveseat. Her hand was wedged between her thighs pressing hard against her mound. She had pulled her nightshirt down tight against her breasts and I could see the sexy little bumps on her areolas through the thin fabric. How I loved those nipples.
I was at that moment perfectly high. Feeling very relaxed and at the same time incredibly euphoric. Anything outside of the circle of firelight didn't exist for me. My wife was seemingly in a daze slowly building toward an orgasm while watching us. My best friend was lying in front of me with a hardon that was begging to be touched.
I reached out and held my hand over his cock; hovering without actually touching it. I wanted to build the anticipation of that first contact. I looked at Marie quickly and locked eyes with her; willing her to read my mind. I wanted to confirm in my mind that she was good with this.
She bit her lower lip and nodded quickly, almost desperately. She was shaking and, with her left hand she had once again focused on her nipple; rolling it between her finger and thumb. Her right hand was working frantically to bring herself to that elusive climax.
I returned my attention to Jack pressing my flattened palm to his hardness. He moaned softly at the same time pressing his pelvis up to meet my hand. Feeling him pulse under my touch was more surreal than anything. His skin felt so soft against the incredibly hard core.
I gently ran my finger along the ridge at his frenulum feeling the transition from his hard shaft to the thick softness of his crown. I had felt my own countless times over the years but this was so very foreign to me.
"Press harder!" he pleaded.
I pushed harder but he did not yield. It was as if I were pushing against stone. I encircled him with my fingers and slowly pumped it marvelling at how similar and yet different it was to mine.
Marie cried out drawing our attention back to her. She had parted her legs enough to allow her room to thrust two fingers deep into her while, with her other hand, rubbing her clitoris. Her orgasm came fast and hard and almost as quickly passed through her.
Knowing that there would be another one quickly following I straddled Jack so that my balls were pressing up against his. Using both hands he took hold of our cocks pulling them tightly together. I started thrusting immediately, our own lubricant mixing together to create the sweetest friction.
Feeling the thickened ridge of the underside of his cock head rubbing against mine was quickly pushing me to the edge.
"I'm getting close," Jack panted, "how about you?"
"Uh huh. Me too." I was breathing hard. I wanted us all to cum together.
I turned to look at Marie. She was fucking herself hard exposing her pussy completely to Jack now. With her free hand she had lifted her night shirt and was pulling hard on her nipple. The look of intense concentration on her face told me that she was very close herself.
"Does this turn you on baby?" I asked Marie barely able to speak.
Marie nodded her head emphatically. She then closed her eyes tightly and held her breath as she came again, exhaling loudly as it passed. She relaxed against the loveseat and kept pressure on her pussy never taking her eyes off what we were doing.
I was thrusting hard now sliding against Jack's cock, my balls slapping against his. His hands, wet with precum, squeezing harder. Then I felt it. The building and then inevitable waves of pleasure coursing through me.
With one final thrust I started shooting spurt after spurt onto his chest and stomach. My balls ached as they emptied on to him. Seeing my cum on him brought on delightful aftershocks of pleasure.
Jack continued pumping his hand as his own orgasm over took him. He thrust his hips up toward me as he shot onto his own stomach, combining his cum with my own. I continued thrusting with my semi hard cock helping to prolong his pleasure.
He finally relaxed and settled back to the floor. The room was silent except for our heavy breathing and the crackling of the fire.
Jack and I were stuck in a potentially awkward situation. I was still straddling him and he was covered with cum.
Marie finally broke the silence. She stood up and rearranged her nightshirt. Her nipples still engorged and erect. Her cheeks flush with desire.
"That was so fucking awesome boys," her voice was throaty and sexy, "next time Suzanne needs to be here."
With that she turned and headed up stairs.
Jack and I looked at each other and smiled.
We had some planning to do.