Warning: This is the second chapter in a long, sometimes slow, edgy and very kinky incest tale. Each chapter builds on previous chapters. This story contains topics such as small breast fetish, female and male domination/submission, cuckoldry, spanking, voyeurism, exhibitionism, cross-dressing, feminization, panty fetish, sissification, embarrassment/humiliation, masturbation, father/daughter, mother/son, and bi-sexuality. It is not intended to be a "Quick Read", but rather a shocking and detailed look at the way two kinky people find each other, the way their relationship blossoms and the experiences they enjoy and endure.
++++++++++
When we were finally finished with all 18 holes, Patty excused herself to go to the restroom and while she was gone I asked PJ if he would approve of me asking Patty out on a date. "Absolutely," he replied, smiling broadly at me, "I'm sure she'll jump at the chance."
When Patty returned, PJ winked at me and excused himself to go into the Pro Shop for a few minutes. When he left, I looked over at Patty and asked her if she wanted to go into the lounge for a cold drink while we waited for her father. So, after getting our drinks and finding a place to sit, I took off my glasses and posed the question to her.
"Patty," I began, "do you think you might like to go to dinner with me some evening? You know, something low key -- maybe we can get to know each other a little better?"
"Oh, sure," she said excitedly, "I'd love that!"
Then without missing a beat, she added, "How about tonight? Are you free?"
"Yes," I answered, "totally free! Uh, about what time?"
"Well I was going to do a little shopping today," she replied, "but, maybe we can get cleaned up and if you don't mind me dragging you around the mall, we can spend the day together and then find some place to eat while we're out."
"That's perfect," I said, "You think we better clear this with your Dad?"
"Daddy already told me he liked you, Paul, and that's saying something because Daddy's always been one of those over protective fathers who've looked down his nose at most of my friends. Believe me," she continued, "he'll be elated."
"And your Mother?" I asked.
Patty shook her head as I asked, then told me her mother was long gone, taking a substantial fortune from PJ and as far as Patty was concerned, it was good riddance to her. I sensed there was no love lost between her and her mother, but I didn't feel it was my place to pursue it.
Just then, PJ peeked into the lounge and called to me. "Paul, you gotta see this putter they have in here. I think I just found a way to take some strokes off my game!"
Patty smiled and waved me away, saying "Go on and see the silly thing. I'll write down my address and phone number for you while you guys salivate over that putter."
When we'd had our fill of the new putters in the Pro Shop, we found Patty sitting on a bench next to our carts. Upon seeing us, she stood up and handed me a slip of paper with her address and phone number. As we got in the carts to take our bags out to our cars, PJ took off ahead of us, leaving Patty and I still sitting there.
"Did you say anything to Daddy about us going out?" She asked.
"Nope," I answered, "I couldn't get him away from the putters!" Patty laughed and told me she'd fill him in on the way home.
As PJ followed the cart path and made the turn around the clubhouse and then out of sight, Patty leaned over and lightly kissed me. "I haven't thanked you well enough yet for letting me have your seat on the airplane." She said.
"Hmm," I mused, "we'll have to work on that, won't we? I have a few ideas how you can thank me."
"I bet you do." Patty replied as we took off down the cart path toward the parking lot. I pointed out which car was mine and she pulled up to the trunk. Stepping out to snag my bag off the back of the cart, I popped the trunk and laid my bag inside and shut the lid. "Oh," I asked, "what time do you want me to pick you up?"
"Well, I need a little while to shower and change. Gotta wash my hair after being out here all morning," she said, "but whenever you like is fine."
I looked at my watch and then back at her. "Is an hour and a half from now too soon?" I asked, jokingly.
"I'll be ready in an hour and fifteen!" Patty shouted as she sped away, waving.
On the drive home, I couldn't get Patty out of my mind. Not only did she have the most wonderful little boobs, but she seemed to enjoy showing her panties off, too. She was enticingly sexy, clever and probably the most alluring female I had ever met. And, you know what? I liked her. Not just the boobs and the panties, I think I really liked her -- Patty, the woman.
Upon arriving home, I was in a rush to unload my clubs and get in the shower. Moving way too fast to get inside the house from the garage, I didn't set my golf bag down squarely and it fell over. "Damn!" I huffed at myself. "I hate it when that happens!"
But, turning around to see them lying on the floor of the garage, I noticed a golf glove tucked into one of the pockets where I usually keep my water balls. Now, I'm very particular about what kind of glove I use, and I knew that glove wasn't mine. Momentary panic set in thinking maybe I'd picked up someone else's golf bag, but no - a quick check told me it was my bag.
Pulling the unknown glove out of the ball pocket, I noticed it felt stiff. Looking down inside it, I could see something shoved down into the glove. Sticking my fingers in to pull whatever it was out, my jaw immediately dropped to the floor when I pulled it from the glove. It was Patty's hot pink panties! She'd folded them up into a tight package, stuffed them down into her golf glove and secretly put her glove into my bag. Damn!
Unfolding her delicate panties, I held them up to get a good look. I was amazed to see how small they were. I mean they were full cut panties, but her waist must be awful small to be able to wear these!
It was beyond the furthest reaches of my imagination to think I would ever get my hands on a pair of Patty's panties. I felt incredibly fortunate just to have been able to see them so many times while we were out golfing -- but now I was holding them in my hands! It was a good thing the garage door was closed because as soon as I'd had a good look at them, I held them up to my face and took in a long, deep sniff.
"OH HOLY SHIT!" I moaned. Her feminine smell was not only permeating the whole garment, but, the smell itself was nothing short of utopia. Looking inside, I could easily make out the whitish-clear fluids that leaked out of her vagina. Her pussy juice glistened at me under the lights in the garage and then by feeling the gusset directly, I confirmed that it was wet with her feminine juice.
Not caring about anything else at this point, the only thing on my mind was dragging out my hardened cock and beating my meat while I touched and sniffed her panties. Yes, this is another one of my little fetishes none of my previous girlfriends could understand or deal with. And while some of them allowed me some latitude with their underpants, none of them truly understood my deep desire to see and touch female underwear. Apparently, though, Patty must have understood by the way I reacted when I saw her panties out on the golf course, and she'd given them to me as a souvenir of our little adventure.
I was torn between wrapping the silky panties around my cock and tugging on my pole, and just holding them to my nose and inhaling her bouquet. In the end, I simply dropped my golf slacks to the garage floor, hauled my cock out of my underwear and held the gusset of her panties up against my nose and started to stroke myself.
Patty's panties were perfect for use during masturbation. Every breath I inhaled drove her feminine scent deeper and deeper into my being. Sensing there was at least one spot on the crotch panel that felt slippery, I decided to save that until later when I had more time to explore her panties more thoroughly. Right now, though, I needed some release and I needed it quickly. Seeing her breasts and her panties all morning had taken its toll on my self-control and all I wanted to do was cum.
Closing my eyes, I leaned back and began to stroke my tool at a nice even pace. Holding her panties to my nose, I visualized her sitting in the golf cart with her legs spread like she did, letting me look at her. And then, my mind shifted to the times I'd seen her breasts -- not only this morning, but at the airport, too. I was just starting to envision her standing in front of me topless, dressed only in her underpants when my cock erupted and shot a thick stream of cum all over my car, leaving a long arc of cum dripping down the black lacquer finish on the passenger side door.
In the past, I'd have to literally beg my girlfriends to get panties like this -- I'd have to work on them for days -- maybe even weeks to get panties that were this perfect. Patty's panties soared right to the top of the quality scale, scoring a '10' in my book.
What was curious about Patty's panties came down to this: Why would she give them to me this early in our relationship? And come to think of it -- I'd really only been around her maybe a total of five hours and I'd already seen her bare breasts and she let me look at her panties, too. Somehow, I couldn't see Patty as someone that did this with everyone she met, so why me? Maybe she just felt sorry for me and thought I needed some good jerk off stimulus. Maybe she was just doing all this as a way to say 'Thank You' for letting her have my seat on the airplane last week. Or maybe.... she felt a spark between us, too.
After my shower, I arrived at the address Patty gave me in exactly one hour and fifteen minutes to the second. I was met by a hefty iron gate about 30 feet into the driveway. Pulling up to the gate, I slowed, rolled down my window and then started to get out of the car to look for the call button. But before I could get out, Patty's voice emanated from the ivy covered wall saying, "What took you so long?"
Surprised, and unable to tell where the voice was coming from, I just sat there for a moment. A second later, the gate opened and I heard her say, "Just follow the drive to the house, Paul. I'll see you in just a minute."
To call the house and grounds 'stately' would be a misnomer. Rather, one would use the term 'unbelievable'. The lawn was immaculately kept and the short drive to the house was serene. When I pulled into the circle drive in front of the house, Patty was outside waiting for me.
Opening the car door for me as I shut the engine off, she reached her hand in as if she was going to help me out of the car. So, I reached out and took her hand, but once I was out, she didn't let go. Instead, she pulled me up the walk and into the house, where we found her father, PJ, in the huge kitchen, still in his golf clothes but wearing an apron and stirring a large pan on top of the stove.
I stared at him for a moment until he looked up at me. "I love to cook," he said, "always have. Gives me time to think."
"Don't you like Daddy's apron?" Patty asked. "It was his Christmas present last year."
Honestly, I'm not sure many men would be comfortable wearing an apron like that. It was white, and that's fine for cooking - but this one had ruffles across the bottom, on the vest and shoulder straps, too. It was obviously a woman's apron.
"Well?" Patty asked, nudging me with her elbow for an answer. "Don't you think it's cute?"
"Sir," I started, "I've never been one to comment on another man's apron, but, it's the mark of a real man who can feel comfortable wearing ruffles."
PJ let out with a belly laugh that made both Patty and I laugh along with him.
"My boy," PJ replied, "there was no way you could have answered that question any safer than that. I applaud your quick thinking and please, let's drop the 'Sir' stuff. Okay?"
"Okay, Sir.... uh, I mean PJ. And on the level, the apron looks quite fetching." I answered, intentionally using the same word he'd used this morning to describe his lovely daughter to me.
He smiled and winked at me as he walked over to Patty. Leaning over to her, he wagged his thumb at me and said, just loud enough for me to hear, "I'm liking this guy more and more, Baby Girl."
Both he and Patty looked at me and it caused an uncomfortable moment between us, but, Patty took care of it in short order by yanking my arm and saying, "Come on, Paul, there's stores out there calling my name!"
As we turned to leave, I told her father I would have Patty home at a decent time. "No problem, Paul. But, I appreciate you being considerate enough to put my mind at ease. She's my only child, you know," he called out to me as Patty pulled me through the front door, "....even though she thinks she's a big girl now...." His voice trailed off as she pulled the door closed behind her.
As we approached my car, I cringed to myself seeing the dried cum caked on the passenger side door. Against the flawless shine of the black paint, it stuck out like a sore thumb. "Crap!" I thought. "I should have wiped that off."
"Looks like something's all over your door, Paul." Patty pointed out to me. Then, as I moved to open the door for her she reached down as if she was going to touch the dried cum with her finger. I pulled her arm back quickly before she was able to touch it, saying, "You might not want to touch that."
"What is it?" Patty asked.
"Long story." I answered. "But, hop in and let's go find those stores calling your name."
I held the door for Patty as she daintily sat down into the seat in a most lady like fashion. Since we were right in front of her house, I was confident her Dad was probably watching us through the windows. I expected her to turn and pull her legs in, but, as I started to close the door, her knees opened and I caught a glimpse of white between her legs and under her rather short jean skirt. She held her knees open for only a brief second, and then pulled her legs into the car and I shut the door. Hopefully, her Dad didn't see anything.
Quickly saying a short prayer hoping I might get to see those panties up close, my cock started to turn hard. By the time I walked around to driver's door, it had developed into a noticeable bulge in the front of my pants. Trying to be somewhat clandestine about it, I adjusted my hardness to a more comfortable position and then opened the door and sat down.
Patty looked at me and burst out laughing. I knew right away she must have seen me adjusting my cock inside my pants and I was more than a little embarrassed knowing she'd seen me with an erection already since I'd only been there five minutes.
"Hey, don't worry about it," she said, giggling, "I'm taking it as a compliment."
Patty directed me out to the gate and once we were on the road, I opened the arm rest and pulled out her golf glove. She blushed sweetly as I held it out to her saying, "Some how this ended up in my golf bag. I though you might want it back."
Without even acknowledging the fact that I'd taken her panties out and kept them, she acted with mock surprise and said, "Oh, thanks. I was looking for that."
Then, I turned to her and said, "And I want to thank you for the nice present you left me, too. It was a very thoughtful thing to do and I will treasure them forever."
I could see she was really blushing now. Her cheeks and her neck were turning dark red.
"But," I added, "I think you're gonna have to wash my car for me, Patty."
"Wash your car?" She asked questioningly.
"Absolutely." I answered as serious as I could. "You're indirectly responsible for that mess you saw all over the side of my car." I was trying really hard to keep a straight face.
"Me?" She replied, still confused.
"Oh, yes." I said, with a little sternness to my voice. Then I added, "The car was fine until I found your present when I was putting my clubs away in the garage. Then all of a sudden, something uncontrollable came over me and then next thing I knew this big mess of white stuff got sprayed all over my car door."
"What?" She said. "I'm not following you at all, Paul."
I started to laugh. After a second I told her I was just kidding with her, and not to worry about it. Then, just as if a light bulb went on in her head, she figured it out.
"Oh!" Patty exclaimed. "You mean you, uh.... you found my panties and, uh...." She was making a back and forth motion with her fist when I glanced over at her.
"Yep." I laughed. "After I parked the car in the garage, I found your panties and got so excited, I just had to."
"You mean to tell me you masturbated in your garage with my panties?" She was practically in hysterics -- bouncing up and down in the car seat. "You've got to be kidding me!"
"I kid you not." I answered with a smile on my face.
She was laughing so hard I thought she was going to wet herself. "You could have waited until you got inside, you know. That would have at least saved your car." She said as she laughed.
"You didn't give me much choice. There was a real sense of urgency I tell you!" I replied. "So you see, you DO owe me a car wash now."
"Yeah," she giggled, "I guess I do. I'm just sorry I missed it. I would have loved to have seen that."
"Well," I continued, thinking quickly, "if you're around when I get another present like that, you better make sure you stand back. I can't be held responsible for what might happen."
She turned in her seat and looked right at me with her eyes wide and her jaw flapping open. "Are you serious? You'd do that and, uh.... let me watch?" She asked.
"If I get another present like that, I'm going to have to do something to let off some pressure, that's for sure." I said. "I guess you'll just have to take your chances."
"Oh, that's a chance I'll gladly take," she replied and then added, "but, you know, if you're going to keep my panties, don't you think its fair you should buy me some replacements?" She asked. "After all, those panties were expensive and I dare to think what will happen if Daddy finds out some of my panties are missing."
She was smiling broadly now, and I could see we were going to have a good time with all this panty talk. I suggested that as long as we were going to the mall, we might as well take advantage of the situation and let me buy her some replacement panties today.
"Okay." She agreed. "That sounds fair."
As we pulled into the mall parking lot, I asked, "For future reference, though, does your Dad really keep track of your panties? Or, am I already totally busted?"
Patty burst out laughing again saying, "Well, it'll probably be okay as long as you don't end up keeping more than, oh..... let's say ten or fifteen pairs."
I looked at her in surprise. "You must have a hell of a lot of panties." I replied.
"Oh, you'd be surprised." Patty said, then she added, "but, you're still going to have the replace the ones I gave you."
"No problem, I'll buy you as many as you want." I answered. "Maybe even a hundred pairs..... that is, as long as I get to help you shop and pick them out."
Having parked the car in the mall parking lot, I was about to get out and open the door for her, but Patty put her hand on top of mine and said "Hold on a minute."
She glanced around at the cars around us, and then turned back to me and twisted in the seat so she could lean back against the car door. Pulling her left knee up, she propped her left foot up on the car seat and pulled her skirt up above her waist.
"Oh, my God, Patty." I sighed.
Glancing out the window again to make sure no one was walking toward us, her right hand dropped between her legs and she started to trace a line up an down her pussy on the outside of her tight, white panties.
"Do you think these panties would make a nice present?" She asked.
I was barely able to answer her, but I did -- telling her I thought they would make a damn fine present.
"I don't think they're ready just yet, though" she teased, with a devious look in her eyes, "they don't feel very wet. Maybe you'll get them as a present later and then I'll take you up on your offer to let me watch you, uh.... you know.... let off some pressure. What do you say?"
I was mesmerized watching her touch herself on top of her panties. My brain was about to go into overload, but, I managed to nod my head up and down.
"You like watching me do this, don't you?" She asked.
"Very much so." I answered.
"I know all about voyeurs." Patty continued, "You get off on looking."
"Oh yeah," I replied, "especially anything to do with panties and petite breasts."
"Hmmmmm." She moaned as her finger pushed her panties into the groove between her pussy lips. "So, tell me..... are you one of those guys that gets real hard if you even hear the word 'Panties' and steals girls panties and sniffs them?"
"Stealing is such a harsh word, Patty," I answered, "I prefer to see it as 'Liberating' them. And you can hardly blame me, can you? I mean, panties are really made and designed for men's enjoyment."
Patty put her fingers to her nose and smelled them. Then she looked at me and said, "In that case, I think you better be prepared to buy me a hundred pairs today so you don't have to take me shopping everyday to replace the ones I give you."
I can't tell you what went through my mind when she said that. It was almost as if she'd somehow agreed to give me a steady supply of her panties, something that would be a fantasy fulfilled for me. Years and years of searching for a woman that would allow my panty fetish might just be coming to an end. My cock was throbbing, and it was a steady, urgent throb -- hard and angry, waiting to be used.
"I'm a little bit of a voyeur, too, Paul," Patty moaned, "I'd really like to see a man playing with himself while he sniffed my panties." The look in her eyes was a look of longing.... a look of desire. The subtleness of her remark basically said that she wanted to watch me jerk off while I sniffed her panties.
Then she said, "Another thing I like is showing off and letting people see me. Have you ever done that, Paul? Have you ever exposed yourself and let someone see you naked? Like in public or anything like that?" She asked.
"It's a fantasy of mine," I whispered to her as I watched her fingers dig into the pantied crevice between her pussy lips, "I've always been too scared to do it, though."
Patty looked out the window again and back at me. Then, she slipped her hand down inside her tight panties and lewdly spread her legs as far as she could in the car. I could easily see the outline of her fingers moving up and down her slit as she touched herself. Her other hand went under her loose shirt and stopped where her breast would be. I couldn't see exactly what she was doing to herself, but I guessed she was touching those beautiful little buds at the same time she was rubbing her pussy.
"You can do it right now if you want, Paul." She said, her breathing now a little choppy. "There's no one here but us. You can pull your pants down - even take them all the way off if you want to. Do you want to do that?"
Wanting terribly to do it for her, and finally have the chance to live out my exhibitionist fantasy, I looked in all directions to make sure no one was coming our way. My heart was pounding -- practically beating out of my chest as my hands went to the button of my jeans and popped it open.
"Oh yeah, Paul," she urged, "you can't believe the rush you'll get when you do it."
I pulled the zipper down, feeling the pressure of my cock pushing against my pants, and then hooked my thumbs into the waist of my jeans. Just as I started to pull them down, she stopped me.
"Wait!" Patty exclaimed.
She pulled her hand out of her panties and lowered her leg and smoothed out her skirt. "Paul, if it's really your first time doing something like this, it shouldn't be in a car." Patty said softly. "Don't you think you'd enjoy it more if it were a little more memorable?"
I just looked at her, not believing she'd convinced me to go this far just to call me off.
"Oh, oh, oh!" She said, jumping up with a gleam in her eye. "I have a much better idea. Can you hold off a while longer?" She asked.
I pulled my jeans back in place and laid back against the seat and took a few deep breaths of either relief, or disappointment, not exactly sure which one it was. "Yeah," I said, "of course I can wait. I've waited this long."
"Good," she said, "now let's get you zipped back up so we can do our shopping."
With that, Patty leaned over across the console and wiggled her hand through the fly of my jeans and grasped my cock through my boxers. "Ah hah!" She said. "You really got turned on, didn't you?"
Patty was smiling at me and rubbing my cock through my underwear. "I can't wait to see this," she mused, grasping my cock and squeezing me, "it feels, uh.... impressive. Are you big down there?"
"Just average. I'm a little bit over excited right now, I'm afraid." I answered.
"Average? It feels huge to me." She replied, and then said, "I can't wait to make your fantasy come true, Paul. We'll do it today.... I promise. You won't chicken out on me will you?"
"Patty," I replied, "if you're serious about it, then no, I won't chicken out. But, if you're just teasing me about this, I'm going to have to charge you another pair of panties for being such a bad girl."
"Oh, really? You think I'm teasing?" She whispered in my ear as she leaned over me. Taking her hand away from inside my jeans, she grabbed my left hand and slid it under her shirt and placed my palm directly on her little boob.
"Now, does this seem to you like I'm teasing, Paul?" She asked.
Patty took her hand away, leaving my hand pressing against her tiny boob. Then, looking into my eyes, she reached back into my jeans and grasped my cock through my underwear again. I started to lift her shirt so I could see her breasts, but without taking her eyes away from mine, she told me "No," and then said, "Let's just touch for now. You can look at me all you want later, okay? That will make us anticipate it more. Right now, just look me in the eyes."
I slipped my other hand under her shirt, feeling the tiny fullness of both her breasts with the tips of my fingers. Our eyes danced together as our faces got closer and closer until she pressed her lips to mine and we kissed intensely, both of us panting into each other's mouths in a frantic attempt to satisfy our desires. I started to lightly pinch her little nipples, and when I did, she pulled away from our kiss and gasped for air.
"Oh, God, yes... that's really nice.... that's just the way I like it. I'm really sensitive there," she whispered in my ear, "sometimes I can cum with just nipple stimulation."
"Patty, you have beautiful breasts." I told her, still looking into her eyes. "I can't wait to see you without a shirt on."
"I love hearing you say that, you Naughty Boy. You don't know how long I've waited to hear those words." She said, as she moved her lips back to mine and kissed me again. Patty's kiss was warm and eager, and while she kissed me, the hand that was inside my jeans was holding my cock and rubbing me as best she could. When our kiss broke, she pulled back and looked at me again and then stated to moan.
"I love small ones." I told her. "Yours are a dream come true for me."
The next thing I knew, her grip on my cock doubled through my boxers and she was jerking me. In return, I compressed both her breast buds between my fingers. Completely unashamed, she moved her free hand between her legs and directly down into her panties. I could smell her arousal and hear the wetness of her juices as she fingered herself, and it only took a few seconds for the whole car to fill up with her scent.
She made these little squeaking noises in between breaths until she finally took a huge breath and rested her head on my shoulder and started to moan. Her breathing picked up and I could feel her chest expanding and contracting as I played with her nubbins. Then, she turned her head into my neck and gasped. "I'm gonna cum, Paul....... oh God, I'm cuming."
I let go of her breasts and wrapped my arms around her and held her for a few minutes until she calmed down and relaxed against me. Her hand was still inside my jeans, but it had long since stopped moving. I guess it got too hard to keep stroking me as her orgasm approached.
The minute or two I held her against me was magical. I can't put my finger on it exactly, but, something between us merged and when she looked up at me, I sensed a transmission of mutual desire and satisfaction go back and forth between us.
"You're not going to break my heart are you, Paul?" She asked.
"No." I said smiling broadly. "You're not going to break mine, are you?" I asked in return.
She answered my question with another warm kiss and when I started to say something, she pulled her hand from between her legs and pressed her fingers against my lips to quiet me. "I recognize that smell," I said, "from your panties this morning."
"Shush." She said. "No talking right now. I want to make you cum."
She pushed her wet fingers into my mouth and told me to close my eyes. When I'd closed them, I felt her hand rub the bulge in my crotch again, but this time, she'd reached inside my underwear and grabbed my bare package. My eyes shot open to see her face a few inches from mine and she was staring at me.
She leaned in to me and snuggled her head into the crook of my neck and started to whisper to me.
"I think my panties are wet enough to make a good present for you now, Paul." She began. "But, you're not going to get them yet. First, I'm going to drag you through the mall and we're going to stop at every store that has lingerie and you're going to pick out new panties for me."
"Then," she went on, "we're going to find someplace to have dinner and after that, I'm going to take you to a place where you're going to take off all your clothes in front of me and let me look at you naked. You're going to have to put your trust in me and promise to do everything I say. If you can do that, I give you my word you'll be able to live out your fantasy and it will be an amazing experience."
The grip she had on my cock wasn't that tight, but, she obviously knew how to give a handjob because she was mostly working at the top of my cock and was doing all the right things.
"Tell me," she whispered, "when you masturbated after you got home this morning, did you use my panties while you did it? Just say yes or no. You did, didn't you?"
"Yes." I answered.
"Did you open them up and look inside?" She asked.
"Yes." I said.
"Oh, you naughty, naughty boy!" She whispered. "Did you use your fingers to feel how wet they were?"
"Yes." I answered again.
"Yeah," she continued, "I bet you did. And did you sniff my panties you Naughty Boy?"
"Yes." I gasped.
Oh, man, I was close now. The combination of her handjob and the things she was saying was making me relive the whole morning playing golf..... seeing her petite breasts, seeing her panties as she bent down and then again when she spread her legs in the golf cart...... and finding the panties she left for me.... and sniffing them.....
"So, you're a panty sniffer, huh? You know, that kind of turns me on, Paul" She said. "I bet that means you do a lot of other things with panties, right?"
"Oh, please don't make me answer this!" I prayed silently. But, not answering was just as incriminating as if I had answered because when I failed to say anything, she said, "Hmm..... afraid to answer that one, are you?"
Then after a second, she said, "Well, I can see right now I'm going to have to give you lots of panties to keep you happy."
That was about all I could stand. She had taken me right to the edge and didn't stop. "Ahhh," I groaned, "if you don't stop I'm gonna cum all over the place!"
"That's exactly what I want you to do, Naughty Boy," she said as she pulled back and brushed my lips lightly with hers, "you just let it go when ever you're ready."
I felt my cock start to convulse as she continued to stroke me, and I knew this was it. I opened my eyes and she was looking at me, waiting for the instant I started to erupt. "Oh, God," I moaned, I'm gonna cum now."
Patty pressed her lips to mine and I felt her shove my cock inside my boxers and give it a few more yanks. A second later, I spewed cum all over myself -- emptying my balls inside my boxers, feeling the hot liquid coating my crotch and saturating my underwear.
Gasping for air, I threw my head back and laid there while Patty milked the last remaining spurts of cum from my cock. When I was able to gather my composure, I looked at her and I could see she was proud of herself. A moment later, she pulled her hand out of my jeans and held it up in front of us. I couldn't believe how much of my hot, sticky cum was all over her hand -- she was covered with it.
Kissing me quickly on my cheek, Patty shuffled herself back to the passenger seat and giggled while she looked at the globs of sperm hanging off her fingers. Then without saying anything, she put her fingers in her mouth and sucked them clean, one by one saying, "Hmmm. I love the way hot, sticky sperm feels in my mouth."
Looking down into my lap, I saw that there were pools of cum seeping through my boxers and I felt the wetness spreading down between my legs. "Jeez," I moaned, "I'm soaked."
Patty started to laugh and leaned over to kiss me again. "I think you'll live." She replied. "We'll get you all cleaned up once we get inside."
"Come on," she added, "let's get you zipped up before someone wonders what we've been doing out here and comes to take a look."
I laid back and let her adjust my underwear as best she could and then zip me up. Patty buttoned my jeans, and then laying her hand lightly on top of my crotch, told me she didn't peek at me during her handjob, saying "I wanted to, but decided it would be more fun if I waited until you had your fantasy."
"You promise you'll do it?" Patty asked.
"I promise, Patty." I answered. "Cross my heart."
"I remember every moment of my first time being exposed." She said, straightening out my shirt for me. "You will, too. It's something you'll never forget."
She giggled, and then looked at me in a serious way. After a second, she said, "This is all happening pretty fast, isn't it?"
Seeing a chance to cut right to the root of the matter, I replied, "Well, I guess this means we're boyfriend and girlfriend now, right?"
"Well, duh." She answered. "I hope you don't think I do these things with every cute guy I meet!"
"Come on," I announced, "there's stores calling your name and I really need to clean all this cum off me."
Continued in the next chapter.