"She was flirting with you."
"What? We were just talking."
Kelly laughed. "She was hanging on your every word. Did you really not notice?"
"You know me. I was just grateful to have someone to talk to, rather than drinking alone in a corner, feeling awkward and trying to look cool. You really think she was flirting?"
Kelly shook her head. "I think the only thing that saves you sometimes is your naïveté. Any woman would have seen what she was doing. You never do. Who is she, anyway?"
"Her name is Cindy. She's nice. She's an artist, which means I find her interesting and she'd find me boring. But I can at least talk about creativity, and that'll do for conversation."
"Yes, it will. And don't sell yourself short; you're one of the most creative thinkers I know."
"Well, a little creativity goes a long way when it comes to predicament bondage."
"Yes, it does." Kelly smirked. "Good thing I'm flexible."
———-
Later, things got rolling. The camerawoman moved in close to the "actors" involved in a double-penetration scene. I moved in close to Kelly. "Look at them, Kelly. She may be a pro, but she's no actor. Her eyes are closed. Watch how her breathing quickens as the men piston in and out of her. That's no act. That's real." Kelly stared, wordlessly. "Look at the guys. One in her pussy, one in her ass. Taking turns. Creating a rhythm she can move to. Is that your fantasy?"
"I . . ." Kelly couldn't speak.
"That's okay, sweetheart, I know it is."
Kelly recovered herself. "And I know yours."
"Yeah, well, not until the day you're ready. If ever."
"Thank you. That's why I love you, you know."
———-
Within a few hours, many of the guests had their clothes off. "Hmmm? What's this? Someone's a little excited." Kelly's hand drifted over the front of my pants.
"Yeah, well, a room full of people scening and screaming and fucking and groaning will do that to a fellow. And I'm not the only one. I don't think your hand found its way to my pants by accident."
"Smart man. I'll bet I know what's revving you up."
"Do tell."
"I think it's the couple on the couch. The way she's riding him, reverse cowgirl, so everyone in the room can watch her face and her tits. Including you."
"That's not a bad guess. But wrong. It's the guy getting the two-girl blowjob over there."
Kelly laughed. "I should have known. You and your fantasies!"
"Your hand on my crotch isn't exactly cooling me off."
"Well," Kelly said, softly drumming her fingers against me, "there's room on that big square padded box."
———-
I was driving in and out of Kelly as she lay on the leather cushion atop the box, oblivious to the scenes and sex happening around us. Her dress was hiked up to her waist, her panties were in my pocket, and the musk of her smooth, slick pussy filled my senses. She was glorious. She is always glorious.
Kelly opened her eyes to take in the view of my hips charging and retreating, and glimpses of my shaft shining with her juices. "Wow," she said, grinning, "You're a sight." Her eyes darted to one side and she laughed. "Your new friend is watching us."
Sure enough, Cindy was standing by herself against the wall, drink in hand, taking in our lovemaking. I caught her eye, and with a nod of my head motioned her over.
"What are you doing?" Kelly hissed.
I smiled. "Shut up."
I smiled at Cindy as I slowly pumped in and out of Kelly. "Hi, Cindy. You like to watch?"
Cindy was completely flustered. Her mouth opened and closed a few times before she managed to breathe, "You two are beautiful!"
"Yes." I looked at Kelly. "My wife is very beautiful." I pulled my wet cock out of Kelly under Cindy's watchful gaze. Taking it in one hand, I stroked Kelly's inner labia and traced circles around her hooded jewel with the head. "But this is hardly fair, Cindy. Here we are putting on a show for you, free of charge." I eased back inside Kelly, who moaned. "The least you could do is masturbate for us." I looked at Cindy hard. "Don't you think?"
Cindy put her drink on the sideboard and stood closer to us. With one hand she lifted the front of her dress; the other slipped into her panties. I plunged hard into Kelly over and over, forcing out rhythmic cries: "Oh! Oh! Oh!" Cindy's legs bent inward as she rubbed furiously. She leaned forward, as if every ounce of sexual energy in her body was being sucked toward her crotch.
I caught Cindy's eye. "Bad girl."
"What?"
"I can't see what you're doing. Show me."
Cindy whimpered, then obediently lowered her panties to mid-thigh and resumed playing with herself. "Better?"
"Much." I pounded harder and faster into Kelly. Her cries became more guttural. "Remember to ask," I instructed. "Both of you."
"Oh fuck," Kelly moaned. "Oh fuck, oh fuck. May I cum, sir? May I cum? Please please please please please!"
"Not yet," I said. I turned to Cindy. She bit her lip hard and met my gaze, near-panic in her eyes. "Are you close?" She nodded. "Good," I said. "I want each of you to imagine that the hand on your pussy belongs to the other woman. Kelly, Cindy's fingers are devouring your clit, eager to make you cum. Cindy, Kelly's soft hand owns your cunt. She wants you to give her your orgasm. Now, cum. Both of you, cum for me!"
Both women cried out as they toppled over the edge. Their howls drove each other into more intense spasms of pleasure. Kelly bucked and thrashed so that it was all I could do to hold her legs against my chest and over my shoulders. Cindy almost doubled over on top of Kelly as her orgasm exploded and liquified her core. It was all too much for me; with a groan, I came inside Kelly in the most intense climax I could remember.
———-
Later, we were driving home.
"You bastard," Kelly said, laughing.
"What did I do this time?"
"You made me cum thinking about another woman's fingers on my pussy. I didn't expect that."
"It's a fantasy. It doesn't ever have to happen. You know that, right?"
"I know."
"I love you, Kelly. Just you."
"I love you, too."
"It was pretty hot, though, wasn't it?"
"Oh, yass. Very." She was quiet, and then, "Did you get Cindy's number? I'm ready."