"Please, come in," she said, holding open the door to her office. I entered into a nice, cozy space which struck me as being rather well furnished for a faculty office in the psychology department. Evidently the university was generous to its senior professor.
I stood next to a pair of upholstered wing chairs which were arranged at an angle close to her desk. She motioned for me to sit, and then she sat in the chair next to mine, regarding me with a frank gaze. I was somewhat uncomfortable by her examination, as if she already knew my secrets. Still, I had to admit, she was certainly capable of prying almost anything she wanted from me. Her blue eyes were hypnotic, and her blonde hair framed a beautiful face which took my breath away.
"Thank you for coming," she said. "I really appreciate you agreeing to be a part of my study."
"Happy to help," I said, really not sure yet just how much I was going to tell her. At the same time, I think I would do almost anything to be this close to her. She was so amazing, and her dark blue silk blouse was stretched tight across the most magnificent pair of breasts. I had fantasized many times about her while laying in my bed at night. I would envision her at the front of my classroom, calling on me to answer a difficult question about human compulsion or abnormal behavior. Then she would lean across my desk and her big tits would burst out of her top, giving me a full view of them as she laughed and looked at me. I rarely got much further than that in my fantasy before my penis would be rock hard, begging me for release. I'd imagine her naked as I stroked my cock faster and faster, her eyes growing wide as I shot my load of cum onto my chest.
"Thank you Joe," she said, snapping me back to the present. I felt my face flush as she looked at me, seeming to know what my erotic thoughts had been just a second earlier. She leaned over to her desk, and I glanced down at the slit in her grey skirt. Her tan legs were amazing, and I quickly allowed my gaze to slide up her hard body as she retrieved a notepad from the desk.
"As I mentioned earlier, this conversation is entirely in confidence Joe. Nothing you tell me will ever leave this room, okay?"
I nodded, "Yes ma'am."
"Oh, you are such a gentleman," she said teasingly. "But please call me Pam," she said, looking sincere. I don't know why she was so believable, but I was smitten and I would believe anything that goddess said to me. And I knew that she was quite aware of the power she held over me.
"Okay... Pam," I stammered, looking into her blue eyes.
"So Joe," she said as she crossed her ankles and leaned forward to begin the interview. Her top button caught my attention as it struggled to contain the load of pressure her large tits placed on it. "Why don't we begin talking about sex?"
"Well," I said uncomfortably, "What do you want to know?"
"Joe, I need to know everything for my research," she spoke softly. She leaned forward and touched my leg gently. I glanced down at the cleavage she was clearly presenting to me. It was an obvious ploy-- and it was working like a charm! "My study is about sexual behavior, and I think you have some wonderful information which will really help me."
She slid her hand back, her touch lingering for a second on my leg before returning to her notepad where she picked up her pen.
"Joe," she said, the raising the pen to the corner of her mouth, "tell me, have you ever been naked in front of another person?"
I nodded.
"Have you ever been sexually aroused while naked in front of another person?" she asked as she made a note on her pad.
"Well, sure," I said with a slight nervous laugh.
"Joe," she asked, "Did you ever touch yourself sexually while in front of another person?" she asked as she lightly tapped the pen on the corner of her lips.
"Yes," I whispered. I felt my cock begin to stir in my walking shorts at that moment, but everything in the universe seemed to slow down as she let the tip of that pen slide into her mouth in an unconscious, yet extremely sexy way.
"Will you share with me a time when you touched yourself sexually in front of another person Joe?"
(*)(*)
It was summer, and there were only three of us at the frat house that weekend. Tom and Chad were roommates at the house, and I had an upstairs room to myself since my roommate was gone for the break. We didn't see each other too often as we all had summer jobs, but that Tuesday it happened that we were all off work, so we were relaxing in the common room watching some sports talk show on Fox.
"Man, this is boring," Tom said as he rose from the couch. "Who wants a beer?"
Chad and I held up hands, which delighted Tom as he tossed each of us a can of beer. We chugged the first one down, then I went for another round. And a third. Soon we were all three feeling buzzed and the discussion turned to girls, of course.
"She was so hot, and her tits were enormous," Tom was saying when I came back into the room with yet another handful of beers for us.
"Hey," Chad said, "let's go out to the pool."
"Great idea," I said, adjusting my trajectory and crossing to the double glass doors which led out to the patio and pool.
The guys followed me, and soon Chad and I were sprawled out on the lounge chairs beside the water. Tom sat on the edge of the pool, his feet dangling in the water. Tom continued to talk about his girl from last weekend.
"So there she is, huge tits, and she looks up at me and says, 'I give the best blowjobs'. I couldn't believe it!"
"Dude, what'd you do?" asked Chad.
"What do you think?" Tom exclaimed. He reached down and grabbed his crotch for emphasis as he said, "I gave her my big dick!"
I laughed.
Chad looked at me, "His big dick is more like a little sausage!"
"I'll bet," I chuckled.
"I bet it's bigger than either of you faggots!" said Tom indignantly.
Chad looked over at me as if to gauge my reaction. "Well, there is only one way to find out..."
My eyes grew wide as I realized what Chad was suggesting. We had all lived together for a while, but the frat house had private baths in each room, so I had never seen these guys naked before. Not that it was all that uncommon to see a naked guy at the gym, or in the old on-campus dorms with the communal baths. But something about the thought of seeing them naked, and letting them see me, was exciting. Still, I thought I better play it cool.
"Well, I am willing to show off for you guys if it comes to it, but I'm not going first," I said, thinking that this would probably be the end of it.
I was wrong.
Tom leapt up and pulled down his shorts to reveal his cock! I was so surprised that I just sat there staring with my jaw open. Chad hooted laughter and clapped in appreciation at his friend's boldness.
When I regained my composure I felt myself blushing, but I knew that no one was really watching me. So I took a good look at Tom's penis.
It was relatively long, hanging down between his balls. His head was larger than the shaft, but not abnormally so. His pubic hair was neatly trimmed, and his balls were loose and hung nicely. I was sure that any girl would be happy with Tom's dick.
"Well," Tom started, "are you two gonna chicken out?"
Chad looked at me, laughter still in his smile. I realized that he had been watching me as I admired Tom's cock, and he seemed amused by it. Almost as if he had a secret.
"I guess I'm next," he said as he rose to his feet.
I began to feel a tingle of excitement in the air.
Chad was much closer to me than Tom, so when he stood up he was only a few feet away. Instead of backing up though, he took a step toward me as he began to unbuckle his belt on the khaki shorts he was wearing. He simply unbuckled, and unzipped his shorts and let gravity pull them down to his bare feet. He was wearing a pair of tight fitting baby blue bikini briefs. His package was positioned so that both Tom and I could see it, but he was so much closer to me that I thought it was pointed right at me.
Chad was a well muscled guy, spending many afternoons involved in intramural sports. He was well toned, and it clearly showed as he lifted up his blue polo shirt over his head exposing a fantastic chest and defined abs.
"Yeah!" cheered Tom, who was still standing there with his white tee-shirt on. Somehow this made him look even more exposed as his dick swung free below his shirt.
Glancing back at Tom with a smile, Chad hooked his thumbs under the waist of his tight briefs. His cock was clearly outlined by the thin cloth, and I could easily make out the head of his penis. I felt myself getting hard, but I couldn't look away to save myself future embarrassment. Chad looked at me and smiled, and suddenly I didn't give a fuck if I had a hard-on with a couple of dudes -- this was turning me on!
Chad began to push down his bikinis on one side. He slid the cloth way down the side of his leg, but it clung to his bulge and refused to go any lower. He wiggled his hips just a bit, then lowered the other side. By now the cloth looked ready to tear! It was in an inverted V with his penis holding the apex of the shape. With a smile, Chad pulled both sides forward and his big dick suddenly burst forth!
It was an amazing cock! I was mesmerized by the smooth look of his totally shaved dick and balls. In fact, he didn't have any hair in the area at all! Unlike Tom, Chad's dick was thick, and he was at least halfway up the flagpole in hardness. It stood out proudly at half mast, bouncing just a little as he slid the briefs down to his feet. He kicked off his shorts and stood totally naked for us to admire.
Chad looked at me as if to say, "well?"
I smiled up at him, and nodded at his penis. "That's pretty good," I said. Tom kicked off his shorts and stepped over to us. His dick had grown significantly while he watched Chad's striptease.
I glanced down at both cocks, and knew it was my turn. It was funny how this had suddenly changed from a game of chicken to a rather arousing strip show.
Now I had to join in the fun. Nervously, I took off my shirt, glancing at the guys as they both stood only a few feet away from me. Tom stood close to Chad, both cocks semi erect and pointing right at me.
I unzipped my shorts, and grabbed the shorts together with my plain white briefs, then took a deep breath and bent forward as I dropped my shorts to my ankles. As I rose up, I was uncomfortably aware of how close those two big cocks were to my face, and just how hard my dick was.
Rising up to full height, I let my penis stand proudly in front of me. I was aware of the silence from the guys as I avoided looking at them, instead focusing on the brick wall behind them so I did not lose my nerve.
"Dude," whispered Chad, and Tom began to hoot and cheer.
"Joe, that's a fucking monster," Tom cheered as he looked at my erect penis.
I looked at him, my face warm with embarrassment.
"Really," Chad agreed. "That is a big dick!"
"It's fucking pornstar big, man!" exclaimed Tom.
Now, I had always known that I was somewhat longer down there than the other kids in my gym class, but of course we had never played the "whose dick is bigger" game before, so I was really taken by surprise at my friends reaction to my manhood.
"Okay, okay - you win!" cheered Tom. "I will get the beers," he announced dashing off to the house.
"You didn't know, did you?" asked Chad, still looking at my cock. I felt a little nervous now with us both standing naked so close together.
"No," I stammered, still red with embarrassment. "I mean I've never been told that it's big or anything. Not that I have ever had any complaints from girls about it," I added.
What I didn't tell him was that I don't really think any of the girls I had made it all the way with ever looked at my cock. We were usually in the dark, under the sheets or under a blanket, and I was too shy to ever do anything so daring as to fully expose myself to them.
I glanced down at the sight of our cocks, now only a few inches apart. To my surprise, Chad was now hard as a rock and his dick was slightly red.
I was not sure exactly what was going to happen, but I felt my cock grow harder in excitement as I stood outside naked with my friend.
(*)(*)
"Wow," Pam said as I told her my story. The whole time she had been allowing me to speak uninterrupted, and she scribbled notes as I told my tale.
"So, I guess you won the big dick competition," she observed.
I nodded, feeling foolish for how trite that must sound to a professional psychologist. How typical, guys measuring the size of their cocks. Still, I got a bit of a thrill to hear her say the word 'dick' out loud.
She looked at me with those big eyes, and I knew that I was willing to do anything at all for her.
"So, just how large is your dick Joe?"
"Well," I stammered. I had absolutely no way to answer her. I thought, what do I say to a beautiful woman who wants to know how big my dick is? "I, um..."
"It's okay Joe," she said in a soothing voice. "Most guys are of the impression that their own penis is large. But you seem to have impressed your friends with the size of yours. So, how did that make you feel?"
"Um, surprised I guess," I admitted. "I just never knew it was that big or anything."
"Were you aroused?"
"Yes."
"Tell me about that feeling," Pam said as she looked at me with a very friendly look on her face. I noticed her glancing down at my shorts, as if trying to gauge whether I was telling the truth about the size of my cock.
"Well, it was kinda tingly you know?" I stammered. "Sorta like you get an electrical tingle in your cock, then it begins to get hard. It's a good feeling."
"Do you feel 'tingly' now, Joe?"
I looked at Pam, and she had dropped all pretense of taking notes. Now she was just staring at me with those blue eyes.
"Yeah," I muttered, embarrassed. She was so sophisticated, I was totally out of her league, but here I was totally smitten with her and admitting to her that I was aroused.
"I think you mentioned touching yourself sexually when you were in front of others, right Joe?"
"Um hm," I muttered, looking down at the carpet, but her legs -- her totally hot and tan legs -- kept getting in the way of my vision. She had to know by now that I was totally checking her out.
"Well Joe," she said as she leaned forward to touch my knee again. "I want you to be totally comfortable. I won't tell anyone, but I really need this for my research. Tell me about touching yourself."
(*)(*)
Once Tom had returned with the beers, we all settled on the edge of the pool, drinking. Tom had removed his shirt, and we all just sat on the side of the pool drinking and chuckling at the unusual nature of the situation.
Three guys totally nude, just hanging out. It seemed sorta odd, but it felt totally relaxed. Chad was sipping his beer, and his eyes kept drifting down to my cock, which had softened considerably. It was lying comfortably across my leg, and I could sense his glances.
"You know," he said, "we don't need to wear clothes as much as we do."
"Oh?" chimed Tom, looking down at his cock.
"I mean," Chad continued, "society makes such a big deal about it. But being naked is totally natural."
"It does feel good," Tom agreed. I nodded my head as well, not sure where this was going.
"In my philosophy class we studied this hedonism theory, which basically says that we are supposed to seek out what feels right," Chad said.
"I guess that makes sense," I agreed.
Suddenly Chad slipped into the pool, dunking under the water before swimming across the pool with solid strokes. It was very inviting, and I quickly followed his lead. Soon all three of us were in the water, enjoying the coolness of the pool.
"Man," Tom exclaimed as he tread water, "swimming naked is so much better than a suit!"
"Totally free," agreed Chad.
We all swam for a while, then I decided to get out and lay in the sun. I had never sunbathed nude before, and it felt naughty, but it felt good.
I guess that was the overall feeling of the day, somewhat naughty, but it felt good. And Chad was right - we were supposed to feel good, right? That thought kept running through my head as Tom came to lay on the chair next to mine.
"Feels nice," he said as he leaned back in the sun.
"Yes it does," I agreed.
Just then I heard an unmistakable female voice call out, "Anybody back there?"
Tom and I looked at each other in a panic. We had left all our clothes on the other side of the pool, close to the door. That was exactly where the voice was coming from - inside the house!
In a panic, we both shot up and dashed across to dive into the water. I could hear laughter as I swam in a reverse to circle around to the edge of the pool closest to the voices. My thought was to stay in the pool and keep the wall of concrete between my naked body and the girl who was just then walking out onto our patio. "I hope you don't mind," the redhead called out cheerily. "I was in the area and just had to drop by and say hello!"
It was Cindy. She was the house "mom," meaning that she was a grad student who was paid by our fraternity to keep an eye on us. She was always present when it was family weekend, and she often showed up late into the night during our parties. She never stopped us from drinking or anything. Indeed, she seemed to just show up to drink with the rest of us, and often she'd take one of the lucky guys home with her. If the parents knew just how wild Cindy was then I'm sure they and the school would put a stop to it all. But she was perfect for us -- she kept the administration happy, and in turn we kept Cindy happy.
She was certainly a looker. Her red hair set off her pale, freckled skin nicely, and her ass and legs were amazing in those shorts. But for me it was the huge tits which were pushed tight up against her deep v white shirt. Those tits I had spent hours staring at when I thought she was not looking. Parent weekend was always distracting with Cindy in the house.
"Hi Cin," called out Chad as he too hugged the side of the pool. He seemed to be very cool about the whole situation, despite the fact that all three of us were naked in the pool!
"Hi Chad, looks like you are doing your afternoon laps," she said sweetly. "I just love a man who works out." Her southern drawl really came on strong that afternoon. It made me suspect that Cindy had a few cocktails before she came by for her visit.
"Hi Tom, hi Joe," she said as she walked near to the edge of the pool. I panicked just a bit as I became aware that she might be able to see us if she took another few steps, but she stopped short of the splash zone so her sandals would not get wet.
"Hi Cindy," I said as I put my chin on the edge of the pool, trying to look casual and probably failing miserably.
"You look nice," Tom said.
"Oh, I'm just running around in my old work clothes Tom," she gushed. "But you are too kind." Her idea of work clothes probably cost a fortune. The top and shorts were matching, and perfectly set off her best features. Cindy was a hot babe, and she knew it.
She looked at us. "You fellas are certainly acting strangely. Do you have some mermaid under that water with you?" As she spoke she stepped forward.
"Ha," I laughed. "Nope. No mermaids here." Damn, I sounded like a total fool.
She looked at me in a very quizzical way. "Then what's going on?..." She took one more step and suddenly she gasped as she looked in the pool. She clearly saw three naked asses as we struggled to maintain our front sides plastered to the pool wall in the deep water.
"Oh my," Cindy laughed. "We decided to go au natural, did we?" She began to really laugh at our embarrassment. I know I had turned deep red, and I was certain the other guys were blushing as well.
But good ole Tom took it as a challenge. "Well hell!" he announced. He shoved himself up to the edge of the pool, then climbed out, water dripping off his naked body as Cindy stood close by admiring the view.
"Oh my my my," she muttered as she took a long look at Tom's body. "Tom, you need to swim naked more often, I do say." Tom blushed and covered himself with his hands, then he just stood there.
I think she meant that as a compliment, and Chad was certainly encouraged by it, as he took the next opportunity to climb out of the pool. He immediately covered his penis with both hands as he walked across the deck to reach the cabinet where we kept the towels.
"Oh, can't I just get a peek Chad?" Cindy teased. As he crossed by her she playfully lunged, grabbing one arm and pulling him to face her. He didn't resist much, allowing her to pull him close and move both arms away so she could take a good look at his package.
"Delicious, just wonderful," she gushed. Chad was both embarrassed and aroused, I could tell. She playfully stood close up to him and let her fingers drift across his chest, then down his abs to reach just above the base of his penis. "So nice and clean, Chad," she said as she drug a finger across his abdomen. His penis twitched, which Cindy pretended not to notice.
I could see from the corner of my eye that Tom was having a hard time containing his growing excitement as well. The tip of his penis began to grow from under his hands, so he had to keep moving one hand lower, making him stand at an awkward angle.
"Come on, Joe. Don't make me wait too long," she called out to me as she continued to hold Chad close by.
I gathered my courage. It was one thing to let the guys see me naked. Quite another to let Cindy see me! She was a woman, and was both hot, and experienced. I bet she'd seen quite a few cocks, and I was unsure just what kind of reaction she would have to my naked body.
Blushing I pushed myself up on my arms, then raised up out of the pool. Cindy looked over across Chad's shoulder to see me as I climbed up onto my feet.
"Oh my," she said quietly. "Joe, you um, certainly look like you have..." she drifted off, her eyes on my mostly flaccid penis. It was not totally soft, the excitement of the past hour still lingered keeping it pretty full. However, the cold had done a job on my nuts, and I could tell that they were drawn up tight to my body.
Tom began to laugh, "See Joe, I told you!"
Cindy spun around to face Tom. "Do you mean you set this situation up for me?" she demanded.
Tom's amusement froze on his face. "No!" he exclaimed.
"That's not what happened," I joined in. I certainly didn't want Cindy mad at us.
"We were just, um, swimming," I said, desperately seeking a story that didn't make it sound like we were out back checking out each other's dicks. Which was exactly what we had been doing.
"Look," Chad joined in, "Tom saw Joe's um..."
"What?" asked Cindy, still suspicious, but beginning to relax enough to tease us.
"Well, his dick," said Chad.
"It's hard to miss," she said with a nod for him to continue.
"And we both said that he was, well..." Chad drifted off.
"Hung like a porn star," Tom exclaimed. "We told him he would be impressive to the ladies."
"And you think I'm impressed?" asked Cindy, with a challenging look at him.
"Well, um..." Tom drifted off.
"Let me tell you something mister," Cindy said as she crossed over to him. "I will decide what is impressive and what is not." She walked past Tom to take a seat at the patio table. "Now boys, let's see what you have got. But first, Chad please be a dear and go fetch me a drink."
Chad rushed off to mix a drink for the demanding, but lovely Miss Cindy. That left Tom and me to just stand nervously as she looked at us. She smiled sweetly, and said, "You know, I think I want to move the table over by the pool. Will you boys be so kind?"
We both nodded, then grabbed opposite sides of the round table to move it. I was keenly aware that we were fully exposed as we moved the table. I'm pretty sure that was exactly what Cindy wanted. That suspicion increased when she walked over to the new table position, and then turned to Tom, "Will you be a dear and bring me my chair?"
Tom jogged over to the patio to grab her chair, and she was not shy about looking up and down his body as he went. She smiled as she whispered to me, "Mmm, such a nice ass!"
When Tom returned it was my turn. "Joe, I think the umbrella would be nice."
I took the cue, and jogged over to the patio to retrieve the table umbrella from the corner where it was stored. As I returned, I was keenly aware that my long dick was bouncing as I jogged. I knew she was watching me as he eyes never strayed from my crotch.
She sat in her chair at the table as I began to set up the umbrella. She was watching me unabashedly as my penis swung back and forth as I leaned across to install the umbrella in the center hole in the table. I had to reach up to extend the umbrella out, and my cock felt very exposed as I stretched.
"Joe, you do have a magnificent body," Cindy said as I finished my work.
I muttered a thank you as I stood there naked in front of her. I really didn't know what to do with my hands. I naturally wanted to cover up, but at the same time I was getting a thrill by hanging in the open right in front of this hot girl. She was evidently enjoying my discomfort as she just kept staring at my dick, occasionally glancing up at me and smiling.
Chad returned with her drink, and as she sipped Cindy leaned back and examined all of us. "Now, let's just see what you boys have to offer, shall we?"
I felt a thrill deep in my cock as I stood totally exposed in front of her. She was just openly looking at my penis, along with the two guys next to me. It was very erotic, and I felt my cock rising in anticipation.
"First," she said, "I need to say that you are all very impressive. Such wonderful specimens of you manhood."
We all three stood as if we were at some inspection in the military. It's not as if we were really going to be in trouble, but I think we each were wondering how far she'd go with the whole charade. I had the feeling that after all the excitement of the day I might just cum if she so much as motioned in my direction. A quick glance at my friends confirmed that they were hard as nails at that point as well.
"Chad," she said. "You are so well groomed. It's so clean and shiny, it makes me want to just touch it!"
Chad smiled and slightly moved his hard cock towards her from across the table. She looked up at him and motioned for him to move even closer.
I was in awe! Was Cindy going to really do it? My cock throbbed in anticipation of watching her touch his penis.
She reached forward and ran her hand just inches from his shiny pole. "So nice, and it is so big. I bet you really can please a lady with that, am I right?"
Chad nodded, evidently not able to form actual words. Cindy continued to tease him by not quite touching his dick, and the table prevented him from moving any closer. By now he was thrust about a third of the way across the small round table.
But Cindy was only getting started.
"Tom," she purred as she shifted her gaze to his penis. "You have a more rugged look to you." She looked up at him and motioned him to step closer. "Your balls look like they are ready to burst Tom," she giggled. "I bet you are more of the wild type!"
Tom responded by actually bucking against the table slightly.
She gasped and leaned back with a laugh, "Oh, you are full of energy Tom! I better keep an eye on you." She leaned forward toward his hard dick. "Or maybe I can find a way to tame you?"
She smiled up as Tom moaned slightly, overcome at the sight of her hovering so close to his cock.
My own dick was pulsing in anticipation as she turned her gaze to my penis.
"And Joe," she said. "You really fit the bill, don't you? Such a nice young man, and so polite all the time. I swear, I had no idea that you were so well endowed."
She wiggled her finger as she spoke directly to my penis. I took a small step forward until my legs were against the table. My cock was highly sensitive now, and my balls almost were resting on the table. I did not know it was possible to be that aroused.
She leaned forward until her lips were scant inches from the throbbing head of my dick. "Joe, I think you have a beautiful cock," she whispered.
I felt the brush of air from her lips as she spoke, and it caused me to twitch, moving my cock up about three inches. I felt a drop of precum ooze out of my tip, and roll down my hard shaft.
"Oh my," Cindy said softly as she traced the glistening drop with her eyes. She moved her head down and tilted her face until she was almost at the table. Then she looked up.
I made eye contact with her as she looked up at me, with my throbbing dick between us. I moaned softly as the excitement built. I was no longer in control, but was willing to do anything this goddess requested of me.
Cindy gave me a smile and leaned back in her chair. She sipped her drink and moved slightly in her chair, giving me the impression that perhaps this was as exciting to her as it was to us. She sat down her glass, and fished out a single ice cube.
"I think you are each so hot," she cooed. "I bet you really sizzle," she said with a laugh as she moved her ice cube forward toward Chad's hard cock.
Chad eagerly thrust his cock toward her as she held the ice just inches from the top of his penis. He twitched and moaned as a drop fell on her head and began to roll down his shaft. Fishing out a second cube, she moved her other hand toward Tom and similarly began to drip ice water on his cock.
Both guys were moaning as the cold water dripped on their erect penises. My own cock was throbbing, and I felt my hand moving upward toward my dick. I needed so badly to feel my dick, to have some contact.
Cindy glanced up at me as I move my hand closer to my shaft. She smiled as she lowered the ice cubes directly onto the cocks of my two friends. Both of them moaned with the contact! I was in agony at the visual of her hand rubbing ice on the two hard dicks, while she watched me to see if I'd hold out, or if I'd touch myself.
"Fuck it," I thought, and grabbed my hard cock and began to jerk my cock right there in front of everyone. I could not help it, I was so turned on, and I needed to feel some release.
My hand slid on my shaft, and my precum lubricated my strokes as I worked the shaft of my cock, grabbing my dick hard in my hand. It was amazing - both the intensity of the physical sensations, but also the tingly feeling of masturbating for a group of people. I stared into her beautiful green eyes and stroked my cock.
(*)(*)
"Well Joe," Pam said as she stared at me. "I'm pretty amazed at your confidence."
"Um, yeah," I muttered. "I really didn't have much of a choice. It was either that or just explode right there by the table. I was really, really hard that day," I heard myself admit, hardly aware of how quickly things had evolved. I mean, here I was actually telling Pam how hard my dick was!
"Do you enjoy taking risks, Joe?" she asked me with a searching look.
"Yeah, I guess I do."
"Do you feel like taking a risk now Joe?"
The room grew still as I pondered Pam's question. I had been taking a big risk by telling her all about my adventures, so I wondered what kind of new risk she was referring to. I hoped that it involved her.
"I think so," I said softly.
"Joe," she said softly as she leaned forward. "Will you take off all your clothes for me?"
I just stared at her.
"I want to understand your motivations," she said. "No one will ever know. Please, it would really help me a great deal." As she said this she lightly touched my leg, and I felt the warmth of her fingers against my leg.
"Well, if it will help you out," I said as I stood up. I was very nervous to be doing this in my professor's office, but I was excited as well.
I lifted my shirt up over my head. Pam sat back and took in the view as I stood right in front of her. My eyes were locked onto her eyes, but soon her gaze drifted down my chest. I felt a growing erection as I began to unbuckle my shorts.
I slid off my shorts to stand in my underwear. I kicked off my shoes, and just stood there for a second. I wanted to see her reaction to my new underwear.
Taking a cue from Chad, I had bought some tiny bikini briefs. I found them to be very comfortable, keeping my rather long penis firmly tucked most of the day. I had tried commando in the past, but it was rather obvious, so I tended to prefer tight shorts. The bikinis gave me the snug fit, and felt rather daring at the same time.
I saw her raise her eyebrows as she took in the sight of my cock bulging in the tiny yellow bikini briefs. This made my dick even harder.
I slid down the sides of the fabric, which began to force my dick downward, uncovering it just a little bit at a time. Pam smiled as I continued to push down and reveal. Before long, the only part still holding back was the head of my cock.
With a final push, my hard dick sprang free from the cloth, and rose to its fullness. I pushed the briefs to the floor and kicked them aside to stand totally nude in her office.
"Tell me what you feel," she said softly as she eyed my dick.
"Excited," I whispered. "Naughty. Aroused. Sexy."
"You look good," she said in agreement.
I was eyeing her breasts as she spoke. Her nipples were pushing against the blouse through her bra. The silky fabric highlighted the nipples, as her tits strained against the fabric.
My dick twitched in excitement at the sight.
"It's clear that you are aroused," she said staring at my penis. "Was this the same feeling you had that day when you are your friends were with Cindy by the pool?"
"Well," I said, my mind just a bit fuzzy as I tried to focus past my sexual urges. I couldn't believe she wanted me to have a conversation about my nudity while I was standing here naked.
"I guess it was just a bit different," I said.
"Tell me about how it was different," she asked, still watching my dick.
"I, um" I stammered, feeling very self conscious. I reached over to cover my dick with my hand as I tried to speak. "I guess it was that Cindy was pretty slutty, and she was playing with us, you know? I mean, she was actually playing with Chad and Tom's dicks while she watched me, um..."
"Masturbate?"
"Uh, yeah," I said, now covering my dick with both hands.
"Joe, it's okay," Pam said as I shifted my dick to cover it up. "Being nude is totally natural, and you are in a safe space. So I want you to just relax, and keep telling me about what you are feeling, both now and then."
I still felt very conscious that I was nude, but I started to relax. After all, she was gorgeous, and I was very aroused. I had no idea what might happen, but I was happy to know that I'd have enough mental stimulation to last for many nights.
"Well, as Cindy was playing with their cocks, Chad and Tom were kinda moaning," I recalled.
"Did that turn you on?" she asked as she wrote a note on her yellow pad.
"Yeah, it did," I admitted.
"So you liked the visual aspect of seeing your friend's cocks being touched?"
"Yes," I whispered.
"What else turned you on?"
"Cindy's tits," I whispered as I remembered the sight of those huge tits pushed against the fabric of her shirt while she began to actually stroke up and down on those hard cocks. Her nipples were erect, and I watched as the boobs bounced lightly with her motions.
"Oh?" Pam said looking up at me. My hard cock was trying to move past my hands, and to tell the truth I was enjoying the sensation of my hands on my dick as I struggled to keep it under control. One hand was cupping my balls, and the other was in front, so my cock was mostly hidden behind my arms. Mostly, but it was hard to conceal.
"The sight of her tits was turning you on?"
"Yes," I admitted, glancing down at Pam's lovely breasts as I spoke. I mentally envisioned them, full and supple with perky nipples and dark areola.
"Did Cindy show you her tits?"
"No," I admitted. "I just watched them as she stroked off the guys."
"So, just watching them made you aroused," she noted. "Joe, are you watching my breasts now?"
Oh shit. I was busted.
"Um, yes," I whispered.
"That's good," she said. "I like your honesty. I want to try an experiment if that's okay with you?"
"Okay," I said.
"I'm going to reveal more of myself to you, and I want you to reveal more of yourself to me, then we can discuss it," she said as she sat the pad off to the side of her desk.
I just nodded, dumbfounded.
Pam reached up and slowly unbuttoned the top of her blouse. Her dark blue shirt spread apart to show the top of her lacy black bra, and those perfect mounds constrained and pushed together.
Pam looked up at me, and I looked at her as I moved my hands apart, to reveal my balls to her. She smiled as she glanced down at my sack, then reached up to unbutton another button. This time her shirt didn't have much to push it open, so she pulled the sides apart to fully reveal her sexy bra.
I removed one hand totally from my cock, so my balls and the lower portion of my shaft were exposed. I felt so erotic.
Pam smiled and reached up to allow her hands to cup her tits. She pushed them together, then surprised me when she released her hands to reveal that she had unclasped the front of her bra. I moaned softly as the fabric fell away to mostly show off her fabulous tits. Her nipples were still covered, but I could still see most of the flesh on her breasts.
I moved my hand away to fully uncover my hard penis now. Pam smiled and leaned forward which brought her only inches from the tip of my long dick. She reached up with both hands and almost brushed the tip of my cock as she pulled back the fabric to reveal fully her big tits. Her nipples were not as tiny as I imagined, rather they were perfectly round with oval areolas that were a dark cream color. I twitched with an involuntary spasm in my dick as I continued to stare at her breasts.
"Now Joe, tell me what happened next," Pam whispered as she sat there watching my cock pulse.
(*)(*)
Cindy was watching me as I stroked my hard cock. At the same time, she was stroking the cocks of Chad and Tom across the table. We were all three moaning with pleasure by now. Suddenly, Cindy pulled back and released the guys cocks. I stopped stroking my cock as well and we all three were panting and needed to cum.
"I can't stand it," she said as she leaned back in her chair. "Ya'll are just too good to believe. Come over here," she said.
Wasting no time we all three clamored around the table, to stand right next to Cindy. I had managed to be in the middle, so I was right in front of her with my hard dick pulsing with arousal.
Tom and Chad stood next to me, so we all three presented our cocks for her to see up close.
"I just can't decide," Cindy said as the tension mounted. She leaned forward to my dick, and brought her mouth right over the top. Her warm breath on my cock was fucking incredible. Then she turned her head to the left and Chad moved closer bringing his dick right up next to her mouth. She then turned to the right where Tom was similarly positioned.
Cindy then leaned further and slid Tom's penis tip into her wet mouth. It was an incredible sight, her lips sliding over the tip of his cock with my own cock only a few scant inches away.
Then she pulled off Tom with a slurp and moved across to engulf Chad in one smooth motion. His entire dick slid into her mouth as he moaned in pleasure. Cindy looked up at him as she sucked on his pole. Then she looked at me with his dick still inside her mouth. I twitched in anticipation. She had, so far, not even touched me. But I was in awe of what might happen next.
I watched, holding my breath, as she pulled off Chad and moved over to my penis. She reached up with her hand and cupped my balls as her mouth descended onto my waiting cock. It was everything I could imagine as she slid me into her wet mouth. Her tongue was flicking around my shaft sending wave after wave of pleasure into my balls. Her hand squeezed my scrotum as she moved her head up and down on my pole.
Cindy pulled back and smiled up at me as she reached out to grab my friends by the dicks and pull them toward her mouth. She rapidly began to plunge one dick, then the other into her mouth as she moved her head bobbing up and down on all three of us.
I felt the sensations as I watched the three cocks rubbing against each other as she stroked and sucked on all of us at the same time. Her hands were slipping on our wet dicks as she quickly worked us all to the edge of a unbelievable climax.
The cum was building in my balls as Cindy looked up at me with Chad's cock pressed hard against mine as she slid her lips around our two dicks pressed together. She was jerking Tom hard alongside us, and suddenly he began to shoot his load of hot jizz all over. It gushed out, hitting Cindy in the face and dripping down around our cocks. This was more than Chad could take and he began to gush as well. I felt the warm cum rushing against my penis as Chad filled Cindy's mouth and her eyes grew wide. I could feel it dribble out of her mouth, and down my balls as she continued to suck it down and stimulate my dick in her warm, wet mouth.
I thrust deep inside her, pushing Chad's still hard cock out of her mouth as she moaned. The cum erupted from my penis as she tried to swallow it, but it filled her mouth and she pulled off me as I continued to pump load after load all over her pretty face. She laughed, stroked my gushing penis, and slurped as much as she could while Chad and Tom continued to masturbate their throbbing dicks.
It was an experience that I'd never forget, and I looked forward to the rest of the summer as we has the frat house all to ourselves.
(*)(*)
"So, you participated in a multiple subject orgasm," whispered Pam as she looked at my hard cock. I was still staring at her massive tits as I tried to focus on telling her about my summer encounter. "Joe, do you want to show me how you performed for Cindy?"
I nodded, not trusting myself to speak. I was so fucking hard that I was pretty sure I'd cum in just a few strokes if I touched my dick. Nevertheless, I slowly wrapped my hand around my shaft, and began to move it up and down. Pam lightly rubbed her hard nipples, her eyes focused on my hard cock.
"I've never done this before," she whispered. "Not with a student in my office. Don't tell anyone, okay?"
I nodded as I continued to stroke. My cock felt like it was made of stone, and my balls were ready to explode. Her eyes followed my hand as I ran down, then all the way back up to the sensitive underside of my penis head.
Her hand reached toward me, and I thrust my dick into her grasp as she moaned and continued to tug on her nipples with her free hand. She slid her hand over my cock, sending waves of pleasure through me as she pulled me closer and closer to her.
Now I had a vision of my cock as she stroked it, with her full breasts right below me. She bent my penis down to rub her hard nipples as precum moistened the contact. Well lubed, she began to stroke and rub my long dick on her tits. She was gaining speed and I was building a load of cum up as we both looked at the sight of cock and tits rubbing together.
I held back for a second longer not wanting this to end, but then lost all control as my body tensed up and my cock spasmed in pleasure. A long gush of cum sprayed out of my tip, and Pam moaned as the hot semen splashed on her tits. She continued to rub my cock on her tits and used my slippery cum to stroke my throbbing penis. I shot another, and another load onto her chest as I thrust into her sliding fingers and against her soft breasts and hard nipples.
Finally, Pam ceased her stroking and just held my still throbbing penis. She looked up at me, and smiled. "I think you have really given me something to work with Joe," she said with a playful squeeze of my cock. "Why don't you return tomorrow for another session?"
I simply nodded as she held my dick. This was going to be a good semester indeed.
(*)(*)