Christmas Griswald was unhappy with her life, but no one would know that because she was so quiet. Not even her boyfriend, Josh, knew about how discontent she really was. Christmas, or "Chris" as everyone called her, was pretty good at flying under everyone's radar. She did this because she was uncomfortable in social situations and didn't feel very good about herself. She was five foot tall and still had some "baby fat" on her. Chris wasn't skinny, but she wasn't considered fat either. Her tummy wasn't lean and her thighs were a little chubby. She had dark brown hair that extended just below her shoulders and she rarely did anything with it. Whenever she did do something with it, it was usually up in a ponytail - which was commonplace whenever she left her apartment. She had kind eyes that always made her look approachable - which is something she disliked a great deal. Unlike a lot of other 18-year olds, Chris didn't have any body piercings or tattoos on her milky white complexion. She wasn't against them - she just didn't want anyone to stick her with a needle.
None of these features, however, garnered her as much attention as her breasts - which she hated. Chris only had a few bras because it was hard for her to find any that would properly fit her massive 38J breasts. They stuck out off her chest and were very noticeable - even in baggy shirts. They were the cause of much of her social embarrassment. She constantly felt like women were judging her and men were undressing her with their eyes.
Her breasts were not as perky as she would have liked either. She felt that if they were going to be that big, the least they could do was be perky - but they weren't. Chris' large breasts had a significant sag to them and extended to her belly button whenever she wasn't wearing a bra. Unless they were fake, gravity was going to do its thing whether she wanted it to or not.
On top of that, Chris had large areolas and big pink nipples. Her nipples, when erect, were about the size of a small eraser. Whenever she shopped for bras, she made sure to buy ones that had enough padding to hide them from the world.
Due to her antisocial nature, Chris rarely left her apartment unless she was going to work - which she did frequently. Chris had two jobs because her boyfriend, Josh, lost his. Joshua Clark had, up until two weeks ago, worked at MegaMart as a cashier and stock boy. He was fired from his job because of his attendance. He was regularly calling off work and making excuses for why he couldn't be there. Eventually, MegaMart had enough of this and let him go. Chris was disappointed with him, but didn't let him know this. She felt that it was better if she kept her mouth shut and got another job.
Chris worked at a comic book store and delivered pizzas. Fantasy Shop was right up her alley, as she had a lot of nerdy interests and that job fit her very well. Delivering for Sal's Pizza was not. She was required to be social and found herself forcing smiles and conversation regularly - which she hated. The pizza delivery job wasn't what she wanted to do, but she took it to help pay the bills since she lived with Josh.
The couple had been dating for six months before they decided to move in together. They had made the leap two months after graduating high school together. Their relationship seemed very strong and moving in seemed like the logical next step for them. The apartment that Chris and Josh got was modest to be kind. To be truthful, it was disappointing - at least to Chris, it was. It was a small, one bedroom apartment in a town of Meadowbrook - whose population was only around 8,000. When it was cold, the heat barely worked. When it was hot, the air conditioner barely worked. Hot water was not always a luxury the couple had. There were several mornings where Chris would try to shower before going to work and had to wash herself with lukewarm or cold water.
The walls were a dingy white, because the previous renters had smoked. The smoke stained the walls and was embedded in the carpet - which had several stains on it. Their landlord, Gary Walsh, rented to people who were desperate for a place to live, so that he could keep standards low. He knew that they needed him more than he needed them. This dynamic allowed Gary to cut costs and pad his wallet with more cash because he wasn't spending as much on necessary repairs and maintenance.
There were eight large blocks of apartments on two levels. Their apartment was on the second level of section "D". Lugging groceries up the rusty metal stairs was always a chore.
On this particular evening, Chris was almost finished with her shift at Sal's Pizzas. She had one more delivery to make before she could go home and change out of her ugly uniform. Her uniform consisted of a pair of black shoes, black pants, red and black polo shirt, and a red hat with "Sal's Pizza" embroidered on it. The uniform usually smelled like pizza after every shift.
Chris took two pizza boxes out of her old, beat up 1994 maroon Chevy Corsica. She bought it with five hundred dollars that she saved up, but her parents helped her pay for the constant repairs that it needed in order to get her to, and form, work all the time.
She approached a one story, brick suburban home with a well manicured lawn. Chris knocked on the door and waited for someone to answer. A tall, thin man wearing a robe sporting a terrible comb over answered the door. He smiled at her in a way that made her uncomfortable.
"18.96", Chris stated.
The man dug a wad of bills out of pocket in the front of his robe and placed them on top of the pizza boxes she was holding. She tried to hold the boxes with one arm and grab the money with the other. He took the boxes from her while she counted the money.
Nineteen dollars is what he had given her. She was disappointed, but not surprised. The tips at Sal's Pizza were a reason she wanted the job. Sal had told her about how much a "pretty girl like her" could make, but she wasn't making the kind of money he had promised her.
Chris forced a smile and said, "Thank you."
The man stopped her and said, "You know, if you want a bigger tip, you could come inside for a little while."
His offer sent chills down her spine and repulsed her. She swallowed her pride and, without saying a word, turned around and got into her car.
While she drove back to Sal's Pizza, Chris fought the urge to cry. Life was hard enough having to work two jobs to support her and her boyfriend - she didn't need to deal with stuff like this.
She had decided to tell Sal about what happened to her. Surely he would understand and have someone else deliver pizzas to this creep's house in the future.
"Are you kidding me?" Sal asked, "John was probably joking, sweetie."
Chris wasn't expecting that response and stammered, "I-I don't think he was. I think he was honest about what his intentions were when he invited me inside."
Sal sighed.
"It doesn't matter if he was serious or not. Yeah, you're not going inside with him. No woman in their right mind would do that, but offers like that are part of the job. You're going to have suck it up and deal with it if you want to keep working here. You got that?"
If Chris felt bad on the drive over, she felt even worse now. She swallowed hard and fought the lump in her throat that told her she needed to cry.
"Okay, sorry," was all she could muster before she turned around and walked toward the time clock.
When Chris got home, she walked into her living room with her head down. She barely noticed that her boyfriend, Josh, was passed out on the couch. A video game controller lay on the floor beneath him. The television screen's glare illuminating him in the dark room. Chris sighed and turned the television off. She chose not to wake Josh up and headed toward their bedroom.
It was difficult to forget what happened at her shift the night before while she was working at Fantasy Shop the following day. Chris replayed the moment over and over in her head and tormented herself further by remembering how her boss dismissed her concerns entirely. It was as if she didn't matter to Sal and her safety was of no concern to him. She was another cog in the wheel and he could care less if she worked there or not.
At least at Fantasy Shop, Chris felt appreciated. Her co-workers were all pretty nice to her and shared a lot of her interests. Time usually flew by during her shifts because she would be engrossed in conversations with them about video games, anime, or table-top gaming.
Her boss, Craig, had just finished telling her that she would be training someone new before he left the store for a doctor's appointment. Craig had a lot of trust in Chris and she knew that. She trusted him too and didn't want to screw this up. She wanted this new hire to catch on so quick that Craig wouldn't feel that his trust was put into the wrong person.
Jackson Ballard walked through the door. He was an inch shy of six foot and was stocky for his height. He was overweight, but not very round. His height helped keep his proportions in check. The only hair he had on his head was the goatee he had on his chin. The top of his head was shaved bald. Chris guessed that he was in his mid-30's.
Within the first minute of seeing Jackson, Chris had a gut feeling that she wouldn't like him. Jackson seemed cocky and she wasn't sure where that confidence was coming from. He wasn't rich or he wouldn't be working there. He wasn't famous or she would have recognized him. Without even speaking to him yet, she felt like his swagger was undeserved and off putting.
"Jackson," he introduced himself.
"Chris," she responded.
"I hear you're going to train me today. This job can't be that hard, right?"
"Yeah, I mean, not really. The only thing that's really hard is-"
Before she could answer, Jackson had walked away from her and walked behind her counter. She noticed how tight his t-shirt was and how close his stomach was to touching the counter. Jackson noticed how close her breasts were from touching it as well.
Just like last night, she felt another set of male eyes mentally undressing her. She hated this feeling. It made her feel small and insignificant. "Maybe he'll quit after the first day," she told herself. She desperately didn't want to hate the only enjoyable job she had. Chris needed a place where she could work and feel comfortable at.
"Do I look familiar," Jackson asked.
"Um, no, sorry," Chris answered.
Jackson chuckled, "That's surprising. I live stream and I've got over three thousand subs."
His bragging wasn't making this any better for her. Chris wanted to focus on teaching him the in's and out's of the job and cut out the meaningless chit chat - so she decided to lie.
"I'm sorry, I don't watch a lot of video game streams," she said, "So how about I show you how to open the store?"
Jackson forced a smile, "Yeah, sure."
Jackson seemed fine the rest of the day after taking a hit to his ego. He wasn't overly friendly or cheerful, but he had stopped being arrogant enough to pay attention to what Chris had to say. Whenever any of the other employees were around, Jackson was standoffish. He felt more comfortable around Chris, because she wasn't as assertive as the others. She seemed to lack confidence and Jackson liked that. Women who were sure of themselves scared Jackson and he wanted nothing to do with them.
Chris came home at five o' clock and Josh was nowhere to be seen. She curiously looked around the living room and saw that an attempt had been made to clean it. It wasn't up to her standards, but it was quite an improvement from how it looked the night before.
Suddenly, she smelled something cooking in the kitchen. This was strange because she was the only one who had ever cooked in their apartment. As she walked into the kitchen, she saw Josh standing next to the stove. Beside him, on the counter, was a sheet of paper with recipe instructions scribbled on it.
"Hey," she said curiously.
"Hey yourself," Josh smiled.
"What's this?" she asked.
"This? I'm making us dinner tonight. I figured I'd do something nice for the woman of my dreams," he answered.
Chris smiled. This was a nice gesture and something completely out of Josh's character.
"What are you making?" she inquired.
Josh stopped stirring for a moment and turned his head.
"Hamburger Helper," he answered, "We had all the stuff for it and I'm following the directions pretty good."
Chris was impressed. While it was no amazing feat for her, it was for Josh. Most of the time, it was like pulling teeth to get Josh to do anything around their apartment. He would leave his dirty clothes on the floor of their bedroom - and sometimes in the living room. Whenever he'd actually wash laundry, he'd neglect to put the finished clothes in the dryer in time. Cooking was completely out of the question. The only thing he did that even resembled cooking was microwaving pizza rolls or warming up leftovers. Chris thought that, if it weren't for her, Josh would starve.
Dinner was a pleasant surprise - although it didn't taste as good as she had hoped. Josh didn't seem to mind that a good portion of the meat and pasta were burned. It was a noble first attempt at doing something adult and she appreciated it nonetheless.
They lay in bed together with a laptop perched on Josh's stomach. They had tried to put it on Chris, but she had trouble seeing the screen because her breasts were in the way. This was now a routine that they went through before they fell asleep.
"Age of Dragons" was one of their favorite shows - and it was very popular throughout the country. Everyone seemed to love the action and the top-of-the-line special effects. Chris and Josh were binge watching all the episodes every night that they managed to sleep together. On this particular night, Chris made it through one and a half episodes before she started to nod off.
Josh sensed that Chris was losing steam and closed the laptop and placed it on the floor. He rolled over and started touching her massive breasts over her baggy t-shirt. Panties and an oversized t-shirt were her usual night time wardrobe.
Chris and Josh had had sex plenty of times, but lately their intimacy had taken a hit. The passion was gone and Chris seemed to be the only one in the relationship that was aware of it. Josh was oblivious because, for the most part, he was a very selfish person. He was well meaning and kind, but selfish nonetheless.
She wasn't giving in to Josh's advances tonight and, in a quiet, but firm tone, said, "I'm too tired. I'm sorry."
Josh was defeated and withdrew his hand from Chris' gigantic chest. He rolled over - as did Chris. The couple slept that night back to back. Before Chris could go to sleep, she let out a feint, inaudible sigh.
The next morning, when Chris left to go to work, Josh was still sound asleep. She knew he would stay like that until around two 'o clock in the afternoon. Chris felt that his time would be better spent looking for a new job, but she didn't want to press the issue. Confrontation was not something she welcomed. She was never comfortable with tension and always felt it would be best if she kept her mouth shut.
When she pulled up to the Fantasy Shop, that sickly feeling in the pit of her stomach came back. Chris hoped that Jackson wouldn't be there and, if he were, he wouldn't do anything to give her the creeps.
Chris unlocked the store and stepped inside. She rushed to the backroom to turn the security alarm off before she began her opening routine. After the alarm shut off, Chris took a moment to look at the schedule and smiled.
Jackson was not scheduled today. A rush of relief coursed through her tense body. She felt much better. Vincent was going to be working with her today. This was more good news.
Vincent Hardy had worked at the Fantasy Shop for five months. Chris had trained him when he was a new hire, but Vincent never made her feel uncomfortable. He never made advances toward her. He seemed to be the perfect male co-worker.
A half hour went by and the store was ready to open and, right on time, Vincent walked through the door to start his shift.
"This place looks like crap!" he jokingly exclaimed.
Chris laughed and sported a huge smile on her face.
"Ha, ha, you're so funny!" Chris said sarcastically.
Vincent put his backpack behind the counter.
"How did the new guy work out?" he asked.
Chris looked a little uneasy, but caught herself in the moment and quickly pulled out a fake emotion.
"He did fine. He might last. I don't know," she answered.
Vincent knew that something was up. He wasn't close friends with Chris and never hung out with her outside of work, but he knew when her mood was off.
"What's wrong?" he pressed.
She knew that he knew something was amiss.
"It's just...he gave me a weird feeling," Chris replied.
"How?"
"He just seemed a little disingenuous and-"
"And?"
"-and I caught him staring at my chest a few times."
Vincent's eyes widened.
"Wow. Bad form. You can't do that shit," Vincet stated.
"It's okay. Maybe we won't have to work together a lot or maybe he'll quit," she said hopefully.
"Or I'll kick his ass or tell Craig about it," he said.
"No! Don't do that. He'll know I said something. Even if he gets fired, I'll need someone to walk me into the store and back to my car after every shift," she pleaded.
"Chris, if you're feeling that bad about it, then something has to be done. You can't just brush this under the rug and forget about it. It'll make you miserable," he replied.
She knew that Vincent was making sense. Ignoring this would only make it worse, but she had gotten used to doing that with all the aspects of her life that made her unhappy. At that moment, she felt like a coward.
"I think we need to make sure that the pre-orders are ready," she said.
While she knew Vincent was right, she decided that today would not be the day that she takes action. She was going to sweep this problem under the rug for now.
The rest of her shift was a stark contrast to the day before. Chris felt great, but time seemed to move too fast. Before she knew it, the day was over and she was on her way home.
Her Chevy Corsica was making clunking noises which caused her even more anxiety. Will it break down in the middle of the road? If it does, is it going to be too expensive to fix? When will my parents cut me off and stop paying for repairs? How will I get home?
The anxiety she felt about her car was a regular occurrence for her every time she got into it. She wouldn't have to figure out the answers to any of those questions, however, as she made it back to her apartment building safe and sound.
When she came home yesterday, Josh was cooking. When she came home today, Josh was pacing around the living room talking on the phone. She had hoped that Josh had cooked again. She was getting tired of having to work two jobs and prepare all of their meals.
Chris began to think that Josh's good deed yesterday was a selfish act so that she would have sex with him. She regretted thinking about it like that, but she couldn't shake the logic behind it.
"Wow. That's crazy. Well hey, Chris just got home. I'm going to let you. Later man."
Josh ended his call and greeted Chris with a kiss on her lips. Chris forced a smile and set her bags down near the door.
"Who was that?" she asked.
"Oh, that was Doug. I've got something messed up to tell you," he answered.
Chris looked suspiciously at her boyfriend - waiting to her what was coming next.
"What's wrong?" she pressed.
"Okay, so you know Zach?"
"Yeah, he lives down the hall from us. Why?"
"You'll never guess what he's doing for a living now."
"Selling drugs?"
"What? No. He wouldn't do that."
"So then what is it?"
Chris was growing impatient. She wanted Josh to spit it out.
Josh sensed this and dropped the bombshell.
"He's doing porn."
Chris' eyes widened.
"He's not like in the porn, I don't think, but he's definitely shooting it. He's got a website and everything," he said.
"I wasn't expecting that. That's gross," she said with disgust.
Josh felt strange for telling her this and even stranger for being excited about it. He could tell that she clearly did not find enjoyment in this news.
Zach Bolton lived five doors down from Chris and Josh. His apartment was the same size as theirs. In fact, every apartment in the complex was the same size. The owner of the property wanted to cram as many bodies into the space they had as possible to maximize profits.
"Told you. It's messed up. I think it's gross too," Josh lied.
And she knew he wasn't telling the truth. To Chris, all guys liked porn. She'd seen Josh's browser history enough times to know that he was into it. Porn wasn't something that Chris particularly enjoyed. In fact, sex wasn't something she was fond of in general. It had never appealed to her. Sex always seemed like a chore she did to help make Josh feel better.
Josh had been the second man that she had sex with, but she had lied and told him he was her first. Someone like Josh wouldn't understand the truth, so Chris told him a tiny little white lie. How would he ever know the truth? Her first time was with Jimmy Peters in the back of his mom's car a year ago. They had gone to the movies and Jimmy was driving her home. He decided to make a move on her while driving. Jimmy pulled the car over and Chris knew what was about to happen. Instead of fighting it, she went along with it and gave up her virginity in the least romantic way possible.
Chris' boyfriend had just told her that a guy they kind of new was making porn in his apartment. Even though the idea disgusted her, her mind started racing after hearing this news. Who was he making it with? What kind of porn was he making? Does the landlord know about this?
While she was deep in thought, she almost missed what Josh said next.
"Hey babe, Zach's coming over in a little bit," Josh stated.
Chris napped out of her haze.
"Wait. What? He's coming over here?" she asked in disbelief.
"He's been here before. What's the matter?" he asked.
Chris resigned and decided not to put up a fight.
"Okay, fine. Whatever. I'll be in the bedroom. Have fun," she said.
Closing the bedroom door behind her, Chris collected herself. She didn't object to Josh hanging out with anyone, but this didn't seem right. Why would Josh hang out with a guy he barely knows right after he tells her that he makes porn?
Chris found a show to watch online and tuned everything and everyone out of her mind. She had the bedroom door closed, so she could be in peace. This peace would be disturbed, however, when she heard the door to her apartment slam shut. She knew that Zach must be there.
She tried to turn her focus back to the show she was watching, but Zach and Josh were talking loudly. From the bed, their conversation was muffled. Curiosity got the best of her, as she set her laptop on her bed and got up. Chris inched toward the door and put her ear to it.
She could hear everything clearly.
"I can't believe you're doing this stuff," Josh said.
"Yeah, I mean, it's always been like a dream of mine," Zach responded. "Tell me you wouldn't want to be in my shoes."
Chris waited intently for her boyfriend's answer.
"Uh, yeah, that...that would be fucking awesome," Josh resplied.
Her blood began to boil. Her boyfriend had just admitted that he was jealous of their neighbor who was shooting porn.
Chris wanted to throw open the door; tell Zach to leave; and scold Josh for what he had said - but she thought better of it. She didn't want to fight. All she wanted to do was a night of peace after all the stress she had endured lately. Both of her jobs were wearing on her on top of struggling to pay the bills. The most important thing in her life was figuring out how to make ends meet - not chastising Josh.
"So what are you going to do?" she heard Josh ask.
"Well, man, I'm trying to find some talent - if you know what I mean," Zach answered.
Josh laughed.
Chris clenched her fist.
"I'm actually auditioning a girl tonight. She's a redhead that my buddy knows. She strips down at Shakers."
"By auditioning you mean..." Josh inquired.
Christmas rolled her eyes. Even she knew what Zach meant.
"We're going to fuck her," Zach laughed.
"We?"
"Not we, like you and me, dude. We, as in, my buddies and I."
Christmas gulped. This poor girl was going to have sex with multiple guys?
She wanted to hear more of the conversation, but she heard footsteps getting closer to her bedroom door.
In a frenzy, Christmas rushed to the bed and climbed on top of it. She threw her laptop on top of her so she looked like she had been there a while.
Josh opened the bedroom door and was met with the kind of smile your girlfriend gives you when she wants you to know she's mad at you, but doesn't want to admit it.
"Hey babe, are we making too much noise?" he asked.
Christmas closed her eyes and shook her head slowly.
"Great, love you," Josh said, before closing the door and heading back into the living room.
Christmas sighed.
She waited a moment before leaving her bed to press her ear against the door again.
"If everything goes good with this stripper, we're going to shoot tomorrow. If you can get away from the 'ol lady, you should swing by. The more, the merrier, bro."
Christmas' eyes widened. She couldn't believe that Zach would suggest that.
She waited impatiently for her boyfriend's response.
"If he doesn't say 'no', I'm going to kill him," she thought.
"Uh, yeah, thanks man. I might do that," he finally answered.
"Baller. I gotta get going. This bitch is going to be here soon. You know where I live," Zach said.
Christmas could hear Zach slapping hands with Josh and patting him on the back.
She darted to the bed and climbed back into it.
A lot of thoughts were swirling around in her head and she did her best to look preoccupied with something else in case Josh came in.
As if on cue, Josh entered the bedroom with a nervous smile on his face.
"Hey babe. Zach left," he said, "Whatcha doin'?"
"Just watching some show," she lied.
"Look, I know you're mad at me because he came over, but I got him out of here," Josh said.
No, he didn't. Zach left on his own. This was Josh's first lie. She wouldn't have to wait long to hear his second.
"He told me about the porno he was going to make and I told him I didn't want any part of it," he said nervously.
Christmas glared at her boyfriend. She couldn't believe that he would humor the idea of being in one of Zach's disgusting porno movies - let alone lying to her twice afterward.
"Don't fight," Christmas told herself, "It's not worth it. Josh probably just wanted to look cool in front of Zach. Don't blow this out of proportion."
She successfully restrained herself, but it made her feel worse. The feelings she had were now tucked away and her boyfriend, Josh, would be none the wiser.
Christmas swallowed and closed her eyes.
She had always chosen the path of least resistance in life. She hated confrontation more than she hated anything.
Josh's betrayal and the tension in the room was making her extremely uncomfortable.
It was also making Josh uneasy. Instead of joining her in bed, he thought it would be best if he hung out in the living room again - maybe playing some video games until he passed out.
Chris didn't know he was going to do this, but it wouldn't bother if he did.
The next day, Chris walked toward the door to leave for work. Once again, Josh was passed out on the couch - which was covered in crumbs. A video game controller lay next to him. She sighed and turned the doorknob.
When she opened the door, she heard something fall to the ground - it was an envelope. Chris picked the envelope up once she was outside. After opening it, she discovered that it was a past due notice from their landlord.
Stress had become a common theme in her young life. It seemed that she had more than her fair share of it and most of it was completely out of her control. One of the things that bothered her the most was the financial stress that she, and Josh, had. The young couple had trouble paying for their cell phones, utilities, groceries, and now - their rent.
Chris finished reading it and this seemed to be their first final notice for unpaid rent. That reality was her only comfort in this situation. She figured she could use that as leverage when she spoke to their landlord. Maybe tell him that this was their first time being late and possibly get a break.
She looked at her phone and figured she had enough time to talk to their landlord before going to work.
Gary Walsh was the owner of Sunnybrook Apartments. He had a history of shady real estate deals on his record, but none of his tenants knew that - nor did he care if they did. All Gary cared about was getting his rent money on time at the first of every month.
At this particular moment, Gary was sitting in his office with his feet on his desk watching a small dusty television. He was watching "Conny Blair Live!" In this particular episode, a pregnant woman was trying to find out who the father of her baby was. She had slept with over thirty different men and had no idea who the daddy was.
"Stupid slut," Gary laughed.
He heard the door chime go off and looked over. Christmas entered his office with her head down. Gary sighed and took his feet off the desk and got up from his chair.
"Can I help you?" he asked.
While he never had a problem with late rent from Christmas and Josh, he figured by the way she was carrying herself, and that it was the first week of the month, that she was here to talk about being late.
And he was right.
"Um, yeah, Mr. Walsh. I-I got your notice on our door this morning," Christmas said, still looking at the stained white tile floor she was standing on.
"Yeah?"
"Well, I'm really sorry. We're really sorry. We didn't mean to be late. It's just that, things have been really hard. My boyfriend is between jobs and I'm working two. It's-it's just been really hard to-to pay for everything," she said.
Gary sighed a second time and rolled his eyes. If Christmas bothered to make eye contact with him, she would have seen his frustration.
"Look, I haven't had a problem with you or your little boyfriend, but fair is fair. You two are late and if you don't have the money in five days, I've got to kick you out."
Christmas felt like someone had just punched her in the stomach. She felt sick and wanted to cry. She didn't have the courage to argue or to ask for leniency.
"Yes sir, we-we'll have your rent. I'm sorry," she said before turning around and leaving his office.
The shrewd landlord shook his head and sat back down at his desk to finish watching television.
She arrived at the Fantasy Shop and still had five minutes to spare, so she decided to call her mother and ask for help.
The thought of asking her mother for money made her feel even more sick, but she didn't have a choice.
"Hey, mom," she said.
"Chris? Are you okay?" her mother asked.
"Yeah, I mean, well, no. Not really. I-"
"Are you in jail?"
"No."
"Did someone hurt you?"
"No, mom."
"Oh my god. You're pregnant."
"No, I'm not pregnant. God. Look," Chris paused, "I'm so embarrassed telling you this, but Josh and I are late on our rent and-"
"You're calling me to ask me for money?"
Chris wanted to cry. She felt like a loser and a disappointment to her mother at that moment.
"Yes," she answered meekly.
"Oh Chris, how did this happen?"
"Well, I'm working two jobs and Josh is still out of work."
"Has he even tried looking for a job?"
"Yeah. He's trying everything he can," Chris lied.
Lying to her mother to cover for Josh's shortcomings made her feel even worse.
"Chris, I'll help you - but just this once, okay? I can't do this all the time. You two have got to get it together. You're adults now."
A mild chastising was embarrassing, but it was a relief. It was over. She had asked her mother for money and she was getting it. For now, Christmas had solved her rent problem.
"Thank you, mom. I'm really sorry. I really am," she pleaded.
"I know, baby. It's okay," her mother replied.
"I have to go to work. I'll talk to you later. I love you."
"I love you too, dear."
Work was once again a blur. Physically, she was there, but mentally, she was swimming in through waves of regret and disappointment. "Will life get any easier?" she thought. She hoped that it would.
Christmas walked up the stairs to her apartment when she saw Zach leaning against a rail smoking a cigarette.
"That's not a good idea," she said.
"Are you going to tell me I shouldn't be smoking?" he chuckled.
"No," she smiled. "The rail," she pointed, "It doesn't look too safe. Don't want to wind up on the concrete, do you?"
Zach smirked and let out a small laugh.
"I'm Zach," he said, extending his hand, "You must be Josh's girlfriend."
Chris nodded.
"I have to get going," she said, before she walked away.
"See ya," Zach said from a distance.
"Why did you talk to him?" she asked herself. She thought that Zach was sleazy and the fact that he made porn in his apartment made her feel more uneasy about him.
When she entered her apartment, she saw Josh sitting on the couch with a controller in his hands. Chris closed her eyes.
"Hey babe! How was work?"
Chris took a deep breath and answered, "It was fine."
She looked over and saw an envelope on the table.
"What's this?" she asked.
"Oh that? Something from the electric company. I didn't open it," Josh answered.
"He lives here! Why isn't he opening bills too?" she asked herself.
The letter inside the envelope told her, in big red letters, that they were 10 days late paying their electric bill.
"I thought you took care of this? You said you still had some money left in your account?" Chris asked.
Josh looked guilty.
"I did, but I didn't have that much. It was only like $60. I think the bill was like $120?" he answered.
Chris swallowed hard. She didn't want to fight with Josh, but she was reaching her boiling point.
"Why didn't you use the $60 and put it toward what we owe?"
"I didn't know we could do that. I thought we had to pay the whole thing."
Her mother had called Josh a "man child" before, but Chris always dismissed her assumptions. She thought her mother didn't understand him. It was clear in that moment, that it was Chris who didn't understand Josh, but everything was becoming clearer to her.
"You can pay any amount you want toward what you owe," she said, rubbing her temples. "Look, we need to talk. Can you put the controller down?"
Josh reluctantly placed the controller on the coffee table.
"The rent notice was on our door knob outside and it fell when I opened it. So you didn't know that we were late paying our rent because you haven't left the house, have you?"
He didn't answer or make eye contact with her.
"My mom is helping us pay the rent, but she said she's only going to do this once, so we have to figure out another way to make money or we're on the streets. Now, we're 10 days late on our electric bill. In four more days, they shut the lights off."
Chris felt like she was scolding a child - not the "love of her life." Josh looked at anything he could in their apartment except her.
"I need some help, Josh. Have you even looked for another job today?" she asked.
His silence gave her an answer. He had not.
"Maybe your grandpa can help us with it," he suggested.
"What!?"
The path of least resistance was not the road she would take in this situation. She was ready to fight.
"I'm working two jobs to pay our bills! You sit around here playing video games all day! It was humiliating to ask my mom for money and now you're suggesting I ask my grandpa to help us too!?"
Josh shrugged, "I'm sorry, Chris."
"You're sorry? Don't be sorry. Just-just get a job. Please. I need help," she pleaded.
She was hoping for some help or at least some helpful dialogue, but that wasn't happening. No sooner did she enter the apartment that she decided to leave it.
"I need some fresh air," Chris said.
An old, rusty tin can sat near the railing. It was full of cigarette butts and rain water. The balconies were common smoking spots everywhere in Sunnybrook. The dinginess of the place revolted her and she wished that she was anywhere but there. More importantly, she just wished that she could have one day without having to worry about money.
Chris looked across the lot full of cars and litter. She could hear barking dogs, but that was commonplace around the apartments. Their landlord allowed pets - and pretty much anything else as long as he got his money.
"You shouldn't do that," she heard a voice say behind her.
She turned around and saw Zach again.
"Don't you have better things to do than bother me?" she asked.
Zach was slightly taken aback by Chris' bluntness. He could tell she wasn't joking.
Chris immediately regretted what she said.
"I'm sorry. I just came here to get some fresh air. I've had a tough day," she said.
Zach noticed the significant swell in the front of her Fantasy Shop work shirt Chris was wearing. When she was wearing a bra, her breasts would jut out from her chest and were hard to notice. As painful as it was to wear a bra and constrain her massive breasts, she thought that this was the only way they looked good. Without a bra, her breasts would sag quite a bit. Having a J-cup was more of a curse than a blessing to her.
She caught Zach staring at her chest, but didn't say anything.
"It's cool, baby. Don't worry," Zach replied.
Chris rolled her eyes at being called "baby." While it didn't offend her, she wasn't flattered by it either.
"Why are you out here again?"
"You're nosey, you know that?"
She snickered. It felt good to laugh - even if it wasn't that funny.
"I'm waiting on some homies to get here. We got business shit to work out," he answered.
"Business stuff?"
"You know I shoot porn. Don't play," Zach retorted.
Zach was a white kid in his early 20's, six foot tall, and covered in tattoos - even sporting some of them on his face. He had the numbers "526" on his left cheek - which was the area code for where they lived. Three sets of ruman numerals were above his right eyebrow. She assumed it was a birthdate given that there were two slashes separating them.
He usually wore shorts or pants that sagged - exposing his boxer shorts to everyone. A large, oversized t-shirt with unrecognizable brand logos on them were the norm.
In any other place, Zach would stick out like sore thumb, but at Sunnybrook, he fit right in. Prostitutes, drug dealers, drug addicts, and gang members were commonplace around there. It was not where Chris thought she would end up, but she was naive and it was all she could afford.
"I know that," Chris replied. "You guys shooting a movie today or something?"
Zach sucked his teeth and shook his head, "Nah. The bitch didn't show up."
Chris didn't know what to say. Zach wasn't someone she would normally talk to and the subject was something she didn't really want to discuss either. She just wanted to make small talk, but was regretting her decision to do so.
He looked at Chris and thought she was cute. She normally didn't wear makeup - and today was no different. Her hair was pulled into a ponytail. Her small round face was cute with small freckles on the tops of her cheeks.
"You know, mama, you could fill in for her?"
Zach's words numbed her and she couldn't believe he had said that. She felt flushed and uncomfortable. Social interactions weren't her thing, so responding to someone who had just half-jokingly asked you to do porn was definitely out of her wheelhouse.
"No. That's gross. I couldn't do that," she said.
Instead of offending him, Zach laughed. "Okay, you know it pays pretty good. Your loss."
Chris smirked and shook her head.
"In your dreams," she said.
"I get bitches all the time."
"Not today apparently," she snapped back.
He laughed again. Zach was not someone she would have ever thought she'd talk to, but she was strangely at ease speaking with him. It was easy and nothing felt forced.
"I gotta get going. I've had enough air for today," she laughed.
Zach lit up another cigarette and nodded at her.
Chris had changed out of one work uniform for another. Her pizza delivery outfit did more to hide her curves and she liked that. She hated the attention that her body gave her. The stares made her uncomfortable. Sometimes she wished she was flat chested so men wouldn't leer at her.
Work was slow, so Chris spent most of her time in her car listening to music on her phone.
She was startled when she heard a knock on her window. Her co-worker, Raj, was peeking through her window motioning for her to roll her window down. When she did, he smiled at her and shoved two large pizza boxes in her car and laid them in her front seat.
"Where's it going?" she asked.
"876 Woodlawn Terrace," Raj answered.
Chris didn't recognize that address, but hoped that whoever it was, they were going to tip her well. Woodlawn Terrace was in the nicer part of River City - far away from the near squalor that she lived in.
Todd Johnson kept his lawn perfectly manicured and nothing on the outside of his home seemed out of place. The sprinkler was doing its job watering Todd's grass as Chris stepped out of her beat up old car and walked toward the front door.
She rang the doorbell and waited patiently for someone to answer.
"Coming!" she heard someone shout from inside the home.
The front door opened and Todd stepped on to the front porch wearing a navy blue robe, whtie t-shirt, nautical themed boxers, and flip flops.
"Ah, perfect. Just in time," Todd gleamed, "What's the damage, sweetie?"
She was used to being called "baby", "honey", "sugar", "sweetie", and a slew of other patronizing names from customers. She only dealt with this at her pizza delivery job. The clientele at the Fantasy Shop were a lot more respectful.
"Uh, $18.63," she answered.
"Here," he said, handing her a wad of cash, "Keep the change."
Chris smiled and thanked him as Todd disappeared back inside his home with the pizza.
She counted the money inside her car. "Wow," she said. Todd had given her two twenty dollar bills. One would have covered the pizza, but he threw her another one. She was over the moon that she got to take $21.37 home with her.
She found the exact cost of the pizzas in her money bag and stuffed the remainder in her pocket. Sometimes her boss would ask her to share tips with the store. "I can't share what I don't have," she reasoned.
The generous tip had put Chris in a better mood and she was thankful for that. It seemed the only two things that made her feel any better over the past few days were money and talking with Zach - albeit briefly.
Back at the store, Sal took her money bag and went through it.
"Not much in tips tonight, huh?" he inquired.
"Nope", she said nervously.
"You'd do a lot better for yourself if you wore some shorts and put some makeup on. Maybe put your hair down, you know?"
His advice was not welcome, but she wasn't about to tell him off in fear of losing her job.
"You can leave now," he snorted.
"I was going to ask you if there's any way I can pick up some more shifts? Money's tight right now and I can use all the work I can get," she pleaded.
Sal squinted his eyes and sighed.
In today's age, you could lose your job or your entire business if you said the wrong thing to someone. Employees and business owners often walked on eggshells around one another just to get things done.
Sal Marone was not one of those people.
"Look sugar, I can give you a few extra shifts if you stop this tomboy shit," he said waving his hand toward her.
"What do you mean?" she asked.
"Is it that hard to figure out? You're not a centerfold. You don't have long legs, but you've got tits. Next time you work, leave the top of your shirt unbuttoned and wear some shorts. I don't care what color they are. Kapeesh?"
Chris gulped. Being "girly" or "sexy" was never something she wanted to do. She was fine being a tomboy with a massive set of breasts - that she did her best to hide from the world. She only owned one pair of shorts and they were for sleeping in, so they didn't have pockets. She'd have no place to put her tip money.
If she had more self esteem and was better off financially, this would have been the point where Chris would have quit her job at Sal's Pizza - but this was not the case. She was broke and couldn't remember the last time she felt good about herself. She reluctantly agreed to Sal's terms.
"Okay," she answered. "I'll do it."
Sal grinned, "Now get out of here."
Walking toward her apartment, Chris heard loud music coming from the other end of the balcony - at Zach's.
"Must be having a party," she said quietly to herself.
"Babe, I got some good news!" Josh said, greeting her at the door.
"What is it?"
"My Uncle Ron is setting me up with an interview at Triton Electronics tomorrow at 10," he said excitedly.
Chris' smile was a mile long and she hugged Josh tight.
"Oh baby! I'm so proud of you! This is great!"
Everything seemed to be looking up for her. It felt good that this financial nightmare she was in would soon be over. With two incomes, Chris could quit Sal's Pizza and tell him to shove those short shorts up his ass.
The stress that Chris had felt had killed her libido and made her pull away from any physical affection whatsoever - but tonight was different. She felt at ease and a lot more comfortable with her life. She decided to lift her unofficial sex embargo and let Josh fuck her tonight.
Chris went into their bedroom and closed the door. She wanted to surprise him and look nice. There was little to no makeup to speak of and she didn't have the time or patience to apply it anyway. She took her hair out of a ponytail and let her dark brown hair fall around her shoulders. When she looked in the mirror, she smiled at the face looking back at her.
She opened her drawers and tried to find something sexy to wear for Josh, but she wasn't having any luck. Chris didn't own lingerie much less a single thong. All of her panties were the normal, boring kind that covered as much as possible - leaving a lot to the imagination.
She knew that that wouldn't work, so she decided to do something bold.
Josh was feeling a lot of relief as well. His new job opportunity made Chris happy - which made him happy. A lot of his worries stemmed from how stressed she was about him not having a job. He felt like a loser and the depression he felt over the situation, made him only want to engage in activities that were easy and enjoyable. This meant that doing chores around the apartment or looking for a job were out of the question. Josh had gotten lucky when this opportunity fell into his lap. He wanted to make Chris proud of him, so he set two alarms on his phone, so he could wake up in time to go to his interview.
He was glued to the TV playing another video game when he heard the old, creaky bedroom door open. Josh turned to look and saw Christmas Griswald completely nude. His jaw hung open as he ogled her naked beauty.
Chris stood there, feeling a mixture of excitement and embarrassment. She didn't bother to cover up anything. Her massive J-cup breasts hung off her chest and sat below her belly button. Her plump ass stuck out behind her. If she owned a thong, it would surely be swallowed up by her ample backside. She shaved her pussy, but never completely. She had a thick landing strip and stubble all around it.
She looked at Josh and smiled. Instead of luring Josh into the bedroom, Chris boldly walked toward the couch in the nude. When she got in front of Josh, he put the controller down, and grabbed her gigantic breasts in his hands and began pawing them. He picked up one of her heavy tits and sucked greedily on her nipple. She was loving the attention that Josh was giving her body - which had been deprived of any type of sexual gratification for months.
He placed his free hand between her legs and rubbed her pussy - which was already soaking wet. The idea of surprising Josh with her naked body had her extremely aroused. Chris parted her legs to allow Josh more room to play with her. The rubbing was brief, as Josh stuck his middle finger inside her damp pussy. A soft moan escaped her lips as Josh began to finger her.
The glare from the television screen illuminated Chris' backside as she stood legs slightly parted in front of her loving boyfriend.
The attention that Josh was paying to her body was short lived, as he stood up and grabbed her by her arms. He turned Chris around and laid her on the couch. Spreading her legs, Josh pushed his cock easily into her pussy and began pumping away.
Chris didn't say anything, but she had wished the foreplay had lasted a little longer before Josh started fucking her. His thrusts felt good in the beginning, but her arousal was wearing off. Josh looked down and watched Chris' pillowy tits splay to her sides - her arms underneath them. They shook with each thrust, but because of their weight, they didn't move around near as much as girls who were less busty than she was.
Before she knew it, the sex was over. Josh had reached his climax and pulled out - cumming just above Chris' pussy. Semen splattered all over her landing strip. Panting, Chris found her breath and came back down to reality.
She smiled at Josh as he leaned down to kiss her on the lips.
"I love you," Josh stated.
Chris paused for a moment, before saying, "I love you too."
Josh awkwardly got up and went toward the bathroom. Chris lay on the couch, naked with her bush covered in cum.
She slowly got up and suddenly felt insecure about her body again. This was not the romantic and joyful romp that she had wanted. This was a short and sweet fuck session that left her unsatisfied. While she wanted more, her sex drive had dimenished and she wasn't even in the mood to get herself off anymore.
Chris stopped by the bathroom to tell Josh that she was going to go to bed.
To her surprise, Josh joined her a few minutes later. He had chosen not to continue playing video games for once. He seemed sweet and Chris felt that he was finally acting like an adult. After all, he had an interview lined up the next day and it seemed to her like he was making sure he was well rested and ready to land that job.
The next day, Chris woke up and got ready for work. Josh was already up - which, to her, was a good sign. He hadn't stayed up all night just to sleep his day away.
"Are you ready for your interview?" she asked while she sipped her morning coffee.
"Yep. I'm as ready as I'll ever be," Josh replied.
Chris smiled at him.
"I'm so proud of you. You're going to do great. Just remember, they want confidence, so be confident, okay?"
"Confident. Got it. No problem, babe."
She kissed Josh and wished him luck before heading out the door. On the way to her car, she felt sure that she would quit her job at Sal's Pizza today.
"Fuck you, Sal. I'm not wearing shorts and showing my cleavage just to satisfy some stupid creeps," she thought.
Sal's Pizza was a job she needed, but loathed. She didn't get as much attention from her male co-workers as Kelly and Stacy did. Kelly and Stacy were good friends since high school who hung out in the same social circle. That social circle may as well have been a foreign country to Chris. Instead of hanging out with the popular kids, Chris was relegated to associating herself with the nerds and loners. This suited her just fine as she thought that her circle was more authentic than Kelly and Stacy's. Both girls were rail thin with B-cup breasts that were perky and always seemed to stand up - with no plastic surgery. Kelly sported long black hair while Stacy has shoulder length blonde curls. The guys swooned over them at work and ignored Chris. The only employee who seemed to hit on her was Carlos - one of the cooks.
Carlos was 42 years old with light brown skin; a buzz cut; and a black goatee. He looked like every Mexican stereotype you've seen in Hollywood. Tattoos adorned his chest and arms. He could usually be found smoking a cigarette in the doorway between the kitchen and the backlot.
The whole place revolted her, but Sal was the worst. Salvatore "Sal" Marone was an overweight 53 year old Italian American who had thick, dark hair all over his body. His brown comb over did nothing to hide his male pattern baldness. Thick rimmed glasses with large lenses rested on the front of his face. He always looked unhappy, but never seemed to chastise the other workers as much as he did Chris.
She reasoned that this was because she didn't flirt with him like Kelly and Stacy did. The two girls always seemed to get their way and Sal wanted them to be front and center, in the store, to greet the dine-in customers. He pushed Chris out the door and had her doing deliveries.
That was fine by her, because when she was delivering pizzas, she didn't have to see Sal or her other co-workers.
"What's got you in such a good mood?" her manager, Craig asked.
She wasn't aware of it, but she had been wearing an ear-to-ear grin on her face all morning.
"Oh," she thought for a moment. Why not just tell him? Who cares? "I'm just happy that I can finally quit my second job."
"Where's that at?" Craig asked.
"Sal's Pizza."
Craig snickered. "Yeah, I don't blame you. My girlfriend used to work there five years ago. Said the place was filthy and her boss was a creep."
"Not much as changed," Chris replied.
"Well, I'm glad you're getting out of there. Did you and your boyfriend find a cheaper place?"
"Oh, no, he's going back to work, so we'll have two incomes. I figured since I hate that place that I'd quit that job. I love it here, so I'm staying. You're stuck with me."
Craig smiled and let out a light hearted chuckle. "Good, because you're one of the best employees I've ever had."
Vincent Hardy jokingly threw his arms in the air.
"You too, Vincent," Craig laughed.
The atmosphere at the Fantasy Shop was night and day compared to Sal's Pizza. Chris seemed to float through her shift that day like there wasn't a care in the world. She was usually polite and helpful to customers, but today she was on another level. Everyone who came through the door got to see a chipper, more engaging side of Chris that they weren't used to seeing. Most of the clientele that came into the Shop were regulars who came back to play tabletop games; buy cards; or get the latest anime and graphic novels that came in.
When her shift was over, Chris checked her phone - no messages.
She thought that Josh would have texted or called to tell her the good news, but he hadn't. Maybe he was still there and they were showing him around the store?
Chris pulled into the parking lot at Sunnybrook and saw Josh's '94 Ford Jimmy parked in its usual spot.
"If he's home, why didn't he call or text me?" she wondered.
She hurriedly went up the stairs and rushed to her door.
Chris was confused to see Josh sitting on the couch dressed in a white shirt and boxers.
Curious, she asked, "How did your interview go today?"
Josh shrugged.
"Are you going to tell me how it went? Did you get the job?"
Josh didn't say anything.
"You didn't go, did you?"
Chris knew the answer to her question before Josh opened his mouth. Her heart had sank and she felt her world caving in around her.
"No," he said meekly.
Her blood was boiling and her heart was running a marathon. Holding back the urge to shout and cry, Chris managed to ask, "Why not?"
"It was bullshit. My uncle didn't tell me they were only going to pay me $11 an hour. That's not much more than minimum wage. I made $12 an hour at my last job."
You could have hit Chris with a truck and it wouldn't have phased her. She had never been more mad, disappointed, or hurt by another human being in her life. Her boyfriend, who said he loved her, finally had an opportunity handed to him to get another job and help her out - and what did he do? He blew it off to stay home and play video games.
Without saying a word, Chris went into her bedroom and slammed the door.
Josh was hopeful that Chris wasn't too mad at him, but he knew that he didn't have the willpower to follow through with much.
Chris sat on the edge of her bed and began crying. She kept quiet so Josh wouldn't hear her. Wanting her privacy, she got up and locked the door before sitting back down. Her face was red and wet. Her nose was runny and her vision was blurred as her eyes were filled with tears. Her head was resting in her hands as she felt a wave of depression flow over her.
"I was so stupid to think that things have changed!" she quietly scolded herself. "He's never going to help me. I'm going to be doing this forever. There's no way out of this mess."
She felt more like a good friend to Josh than a girlfriend or a life partner. Hell, sometimes she felt like a mother to him. Someone who had to constantly remind him to help out with chores or do basic hygiene.
Her sobbing subsided after a lengthy fifteen minute cry. Chris took a deep breath and thought of what she was going to do next.
"I can't quit Sal's. We need the money too bad," she rationalized. "I'm going to have to do it. I'm going to have to put those fucking shorts on."
Chris sat up and went through a pile of clean clothes on the floor and found her one pair of shorts. They were a pair of light blue cotton shorts with a drawstring in the front. Had she cared about looking "sexy", she would have known how great they made her plump ass look. Josh practically drooled all over himself every time he saw her walk around in them at home.
"These are stupid. They're not even going to match this black work shirt," she admitted.
A lengthy sigh came from her mouth before she heard a knock on the door.
She swallowed and snapped, "I need a few minutes. I'm getting ready for work."
"Why is the door locked?" Josh asked.
Her eyes rolled as she felt more annoyed with Josh's existence by the second.
She started to unbutton her pants when she had a better idea. Chris was going to leave her pants on and change into the shorts in her car before she goes into work. She didn't want Josh to know that she was wearing them tonight.
The shorts were stuffed into her bag. She unlocked the door and promptly exited her apartment without saying a word or looking at Josh.
Josh felt an immense amount of guilt and self pity for what he had done. He hadn't texted or called Chris all day because of it. Now, he knew she was mad at him and wanted desperately to feel better about this situation and their relationship.
He started texting her message after message saying things like "I love you", "I'm sorry, baby", and "I'll keep looking for a job." Chris received every single message, but didn't reply to any of them.
Her car was now three blocks away from Sal's Pizza when she turned on a quiet, deserted street. Belle Street had once been part of a bustling neighborhood, before this ward of River City fell on hard times. Businesses closed, homes were foreclosed on, and crime had seeped its way into its veins.
Chris parked beside an abandoned gas station and turned the light off inside her car. She didn't want anyone to see her do this.
She unbuttoned her pants and began to slide them down her legs. The feeling of sitting in her car with no pants on embarrassed her and, strangely enough, excited her.
Holding the shorts in her hand, she paused for a moment and looked down at her panties. She was sure that she wasn't going to look very good wearing a pair of short pajama shorts over her mundane pink panties.
Pink isn't even a color she enjoyed wearing, but this pair of panties came in a pack of five at MegaMart and she wanted to be financially thrifty. She wasn't about to spend more money on underwear than she needed to.
"Oh well," she resigned, before putting her legs into the shorts. She pulled them up and adjusted them to fit them in place.
"This is so weird," she thought. "What the hell am I doing?"
The old Chevy Corsica sat in the backlot of Sal's Pizza. Chris had texted Raj to let him know that she was here and to bring any orders out that she had to deliver. This was the standard operating procedure for Chris and it allowed her to hide her lower half from the prying eyes of her co-workers. Carlos may say something disgusting to her and everyone else may make fun of her. While she wasn't fat, she wasn't toned either. With breasts like hers, working out was completely out of the question. The only way she could avoid gaining weight was to watch what she was eating.
After a deep breath, she saw Raj with a stack of pizza boxes walking toward her car. She frantically tried to find something to put in her lap so that Raj wouldn't see her shorts or her bare legs.
Her efforts were to no avail, however, as Raj came to her passenger side window and knocked on it. Rolling her window down, she saw that Raj had noticed her thighs sticking to her seat. He seemed very surprised, but in a good way.
"Uh, here's the, uh, the orders," Raj stammered. "They're going to, uh, the addresses are on the receipts. Be careful."
Chris forced a smile and thanked him. Raj took one last glance at Chris' bare legs before heading back inside. He wasn't very talkative at work, so she wasn't worried that he would tell everyone inside about her predicament.
The first address was 923 Santa Anna Ave. This was another street nestled in one of the most depressed areas of River City. There were several abandoned residences that were home to squatters and meth cooks. These parts of town always made her nervous, but her fear was amplified tonight. She knew she would be stepping out of her car and walking to some stranger's home wearing a tiny pair of shorts. She felt like a fish in an ocean full of sharks.
The home she needed to arrive at was a small one-story residence. The yard was unkempt, but that wasn't its most notable feature. That honor went to the large blue tarp covering a window that had likely been busted out. Maybe their home was broken into or someone shot the window out. Both were likely scenarios.
She looked around before exiting her car to make sure no one was around. Conditions seemed as good as they were going to get for her as things were quiet right now. No one would likely notice her so she wanted to make this quick.
At the door, she could hear several dogs barking. They had smelled the pizza and were losing their minds. This startled Chris and she began to shake. All she could hope for was that the owner would take the pizzas soon and make sure the dogs stayed inside.
Suddenly, the decrepit white screen door flew open and an older looking woman stood in front of her. Chris didn't like being judgmental, but she deduced that this woman was younger than she looked and was likely on drugs. Her arms were littered with scabs and she was missing several of her teeth. Her hair looked as if it hadn't been brushed in years.
The woman put the cigarette down on the concrete block in front of the door - saving it.
"How much do I owe ya, sweetie?" she asked.
Chris gulped, "Uh, $22.83."
The woman's eyes widened, "Damn, honey. Sal's a greedy son of a bitch, ain't he?"
She dug through the pockets of her short denim skirt and pulled out two wads of cash. Instead of letting her keep a generous tip, the woman handed Chris the cash and asked her to count it for her. Clearly, she was in no state to do that for herself. Chris could have ripped the woman off, but she would have felt terrible about it.
"You've got $24 here," Chris said.
"Can I get a dollar? You keep the rest?"
Chris sighed lightly, "Sure" and handed the woman a dollar.
Before she entered the house, the woman said, "You know, if I had swung that way, I'd see that big 'ol ass of yours and invited you inside" she laughed.
Chris forced a smile and walked swiftly to her car.
She had almost gone through an entire delivery without anyone noticing her shorts and this woman had to make a comment.
Looking at the next receipt, she saw that she needed to go to 1380 Barcelona. A sigh of relief washed over her. She knew that Barcelona was a lot safer than the crime infested stretch of "living" that Santa Anna was.
Barcelona wasn't upscale, but it wasn't rundown either. You weren't going to leave your car unlocked, but you weren't going to worry about getting shot outside either. The River City Metropolitan Police Department had a cop that lived on that block, so the neighborhood was monitored pretty well.
The house she arrived at was a two-story middle class brick home that was created at the turn of the last century. The settlers of River City went nuts making a ton of homes that all seemed to look the same. They wanted to fit as many people into the budding city as they could.
Unlike the previous neighborhood, this one was more lively. A woman was walking her dog and her customer's elderly neighbor was sitting on his porch.
"Great, they're all going to get a show," she lamented.
She took a deep breath and got out of her car.
Chris always liked to hold the pizza boxes against the top of her chest. She rationalized that this would hide her extremely ample breasts from anyone who looked at her - and they did. They acted as canopies and hid her massive tits from prying eyes - unless someone looked down. Usually customers were too busy looking hungrily at the pizza boxes to notice anything else.
But tonight was different. Her short, bare legs were going to be hard to ignore.
She stood at the front door anxiously awaiting whoever ordered the two large half pepperoni half sausage and bacon pizzas.
When no one answered after two knocks, she wondered if someone had ordered the pizza and changed their minds or did it as a joke.
The old man next door had started noticing her. This made her self conscious and she tried to stand closer to the door - hoping the protruding side of the home would shield her from his gaze.
The owner of the pizzas came outside and was startled to see Chris standing against the side of his home.
"You scared me," Jamal Randall sighed.
"Uh, sorry, I-", she stuttered, "Here are your pizzas. Total is-", Chris looked at the receipt, "$23.56."
Jamal looked down at Chris' legs and smirked.
"Sal got you girl's new uniforms?" he asked.
Embarrassed, but not wanting to be rude, she responded, "Kinda."
She felt awful being lumped in with girls who would sell themselves like this in order to make a buck. Chris had tried her whole life to be different than other girls, but that seemed impossible at times. She knew that there were a lot of men who would still her as nothing but a sex object. Her personality, achievements, hopes, and dreams didn't matter. The only thing that did was her body and what she did with it.
Jamal's large muscular arms reached behind him and pulled his wallet out of the back pocket of his jeans. He counted several bills quietly, before handing them to Chris. She thanked him and began walking back to her car.
"Hey," Jamal said.
Chris stopped and curiously looked at Jamal.
"I'll give ya another twenty if you turn around," he chuckled.
This whole night had been soul crushing with Josh letting her down and the embarrassment she felt parading around in front of people's homes in a tiny pair of cotton shorts.
She wanted to run back to her car and quit her job, but knowing that she had bills to pay - she stayed put.
Chris thought for a moment, but it seemed like an eternity. For the first time in her life, she thought about actually doing something she thought was "trashy" in front of a total stranger. Once again, a mixture of embarrassment and excitement shot through her young body.
Slowly, and reluctantly, Chris turned around for Jamal. He got a great view of her plump ass straining against the confines of her cotton shorts. Her ass seemed to swallow her shorts and her panties as both were in the crack of her ass.
She noticed this and immediately pulled her shorts, and panties, out of her ass and turned around.
"Hell yeah, girl, here ya go," Jamal said, handing her a twenty dollar bill.
Chris' shaky hand reached out and took it from him. She had just accepted money for something that sexually gratified a man - a stranger at that!
She sat in her car once again, in Sal's backlot, waiting for Raj to give her more orders. Her phone lit up as it lay in her passenger seat. Josh had blown up her phone all night. He was saying anything he could to get her not to be mad at him anymore. But she was and she was going to be for quite some time.
The local college radio station kept her entertained for the next eleven minutes before Raj came out again to give her some more orders.
Before he got to the car, she already had the window down. Like clockwork, Raj placed the boxers in her passenger seat. He made it a point to steal another look at her creamy white thighs before going back inside.
The attention that men were giving her tonight was unprecedented. A simple pair of shorts had turned her entire world upside down. She still felt like "boring 'ol Christmas Griswald", but to men, she was an object of sexual gratification. She had always encountered creeps, but she felt like they would have been that way to any woman they saw - no matter how they looked. But tonight, she started to believe that these men may actually like what they see.
Could they? Was she attractive? She had felt like she was the short tomboy with the massive saggy tits and fat ass that would never get the attention of "hot guys" - like the kind who ignored her all throughout high school.
A little surge of confidence crept its way inside Chris' head and she wasn't as nervous as she was earlier in the night. "Maybe I like men looking at me," she pondered. "Maybe being looked at isn't that bad. Nobody's trying anything."
That's how she made sense of her newfound, albeit small amount of self esteem that she had picked up in the last ten minutes.
The next order would be going to 1401 Clendenny Way. She had never delivered to that street before, but she thought the name was familiar. She looked at the GPS on her phone and, sure enough, it was a side street to Santa Anna Ave. - the seedy part of town she was at before.
The unholy harmony of large, barking dogs rang out as she pulled up to the customer's house. She had to park on the side of the street, as the driveway was full. The busted concrete driveway had a motorcycle at the front next to a broken car on a jack with no tires. Behind it was a large purple van with no license plate.
The van not having plates worried her quite a bit. Where was the confidence she had just a little bit ago? All of that seemed to fly out the window when she saw that creepy van. "Someone could kidnap people and get away with it owning a van like that," she thought.
She lightly closed her car door so as to not get the attention of the neighborhood's shady inhabitants or their angry canines.
Chris knocked on the door and stepped away from it.
"Yo," she heard a male voice say.
Startled, Chris turned around and looked in the dark to find who had spoken to her.
A white man, probably in his late 20's, sat on a distressed lawn chair with a beer in his hand. He wasn't wearing a shirt and all of his poorly inked tattoos were visible. He wore a pair of dirty blue jeans with oil stains all over them and brown work boots.
"Baby, why don't you come over here and keep me warm?"
"Maybe you wouldn't be cold if you put a shirt on," she thought, though she dare not actually say that to him.
"Ron, leave that pretty little thing alone. Can't you see she's trying to feed us?" said a man who exited the home.
The man reached for the pizzas and nodded at Chris. She nervously smiled back at him.
His name was Jack Dennis and everyone in that neighborhood knew he was the second best meth cook in the area. That was a fact that Chris knew nothing about it. That life was foreign to her and she wanted to keep it that way.
"How much?"
Chris blurted out, "$26.78"
Jack looked Chris up and down before he paid her.
"Mmmm, mmmm, mmmm!" he said with a big smile across his face.
"Check her out," Ron said.
"I am, you fucking idiot. I see what she's got," Jack snapped.
"I mean, we haven't seen ALL that she's got," Ron laughed.
"What'ya say, baby? How about you give us a spin?" Jack asked.
She had already done that for her last customer, but he paid her twenty dollars. Jack and Ron made no mention of compensating her for a look at her backside.
The men scared Chris and she wasn't about to argue with them. She swallowed hard and handed the pizzas to Jack. He took them and placed them on an old milk crate on the porch.
Chris slowly, and nervously, turned around.
"Stop," Ron barked. "Look at that shit, big 'ol ass. I bet that's a lot of fun!"
"Probably not as fun as those titties. You see 'em?" Jack asked.
"Fuck no, turn back around," Ron ordered.
Chris obeyed and turned around. Had she been more confident, Chris would have stood up straight and made her breasts look more impressive. Instead, both men got to look at her breasts straining against her ugly black Sal's Pizza polo shirt. Luckily for her, they were pushed up with the help of an even uglier bra that she owned.
"Holy fucking shit!" Ron exclaimed.
Both men high fived each other.
"Hey baby, how big are them things?" Jack asked.
No one, besides Josh or her mother, ever knew her bra size and here she was, thinking of telling these creepy strangers how big her breasts were.
"What harm could it do?" she thought. "A lot actually. If you tell them, it could get them more excited. You've seen that van in the driveway. You need to get out of there."
She had to be honest. If she lied to them, they'd know it. There was no way a girl with breasts that big could trick anyone into thinking she had a significantly less impressive cup size.
"38J," she admitted quietly.
Ron and Jack's eyes widened.
"Your ex-wife had tits about that size," Jack stated, "But the bitch was like 300 pounds. There's no reason why tits that big belong on a girl that small."
Just then, a woman came out of the home wearing a light blue nightgown with pink rollers in her hair and a cigarette hanging from her mouth.
"Just pay the girl and get back inside. Leave her alone," she barked.
Thank God. Chris was about to get a much needed reprieve.
Jack paid for the pizzas and Chris was off to the next house.
While she was driving, everything that just happened flashed through her mind. Not only did she give two guys a free look at her ass, even though it was covered, she also told them her bra size. What was happening tonight?
That thought ran through her head as she drove to her next stop - 805 Venecci Court. This place was a whole other ward away from Clendenny and Santa Anna, but it was in its own rough neighborhood.
River City's officials weren't interested in the "unattractive" or "less desirable" parts of the city. They paid all their attention to the rich neighborhoods; sports teams; and kickbacks that the two big corporations gave them - River City Steel and Colton Cola.
Venecci Court was full of section 8 housing. The city placed these properties in these neighborhoods on purpose. They didn't want the poor bothering them where they live. This hurt the chances of any of its inhabitants to thrive on their own. There were no major employers nearby and there were only two small, family owned grocery stores and one gas station.
The address she was given was at one of the section 8 communities - Venecci Homes. The police were called to this neighborhood quite a bit to break up domestic disturbances and kick out renters who couldn't pay their bills.
"If I don't do something, I could end up here," Chris thought. Sunnybrook was no paradise, but it wasn't near as bad as some of the places she had seen tonight.
"This must be my lucky day," she told herself, seeing her customer waiting for her outside his home.
The man seemed to be in his late 30's. He had a beer gut that stuck out of his white tank top. His bare feet stuck out at the ends of a pair of torn up bluejeans.
Chris slowly got out of her car and reached inside for the pizzas.
She heard someone whistle loudly and immediately put the pizza down. She looked around to see who had done that, but couldn't see anyone.
Closing her door, she took the pizza over to the man.
Unlike her previous customers, this guy was quiet. He gave her the creeps a little bit, but he wasn't saying anything - or better yet, asking her to do anything. She appreciated this more than the man would ever know.
Chris told him the total and he said, "Hang on."
The man disappeared back inside his house to get more money. He had thought the total would be less than what it turned out to be.
Patiently, Chris stood there, feeling a chill from the night air tickle her soft thighs.
And there it was again - the whistle.
Someone she couldn't see could see her and they liked what they saw enough to continue whistling at her.
"C'mon, c'mon, c'mon," she pleaded, hoping the man would return quickly.
Then it happened again, but this time, it was followed by something loud, but unintelligible.
She looked around trying to find the source of the harassment.
An elderly man in a pair of dusty blue coveralls came out from the darkness behind one of the other homes and began walking toward her.
"Fuck," Chris said. She had left her phone in her car. She knew she would need it if things got out of hand.
The man a yard away from her now and Chris could see him closing in on her. She wondered what he wanted. Maybe she could get him to go away by turning around for him too. She would be lucky to get off that easy.
Her customer was taking forever to get the rest of the cash needed for his pizza - which was now getting cold.
"Hey honey," the old man said, "I saw them shorts ya got on. Haven't seen a pizza girl look like you before. Hell, I don't think we seen a single girl delivering pizzas neither. What's your name?"
"Chris-Christmas," she replied.
"That's a helluva name, girlie. You're all sorts of special tonight, ain't ya?"
"I guess?"
He paced around her to get a better look at her body. The old man made no attempts to hide his interest in Chris. These shorts had flipped her invisible tomboy image upside down. She looked, and felt, like somebody new, but she wasn't sure she was completely on board with this.
It was thrilling to display herself, even in small doses, to some of the men tonight, but how far would she be willing to go? How far would be safe for her? That was the better question.
Chris felt an ache between her legs that was unmistakable. She was getting aroused.
She felt that she shouldn't feel this way about men, who aren't Josh, looking at her - let alone men that were this shady and dangerous. That logic was not lost on her, but it didn't matter. Her arousal was making her feel too good.
"T-Thank you, sir," she said meekly.
"Oh sugar, no need to thank me. Thank your parents. Thank God Almighty for giving you such a sweet little body," he said, "Well, not all of you is little" he added, eyeing her gigantic chest.
"I don't have a whole lot of money, but how much would it cost a dying 'ol man like myself to see your tits, darlin'?"
Her brain was telling her to get out of there, but her body was telling her to answer the man and stay put.
"I-I'm sorry, sir. I can't do that," she replied.
"That's terrible, darlin'. What if you just gave 'ol Rusty a peek at 'em in your bra? That wouldn't be so bad, would it?"
He was driving a hard bargain. In no way did Chris want to expose her naked tits to his old creep, but she could just show him what they look tucked inside her bra. She could get the thrill of showing off without going all the way.
But at what price? How much could she charge this poor old man just to see them? As old and sick as he might be, she remembered that he's still a creep who preys on girls who are alone at night. That made her feel less sorry for him, but she had never "sold herself" before, so this was new to her.
She blurted out, "Fifty dollars?"
The old man thought for a moment.
"Hang on," he said.
He walked away and no sooner did her customer finally emerge from his home with the rest of the money. She had finished one deal, so she wasn't obligated to stay there any longer. However, another $50 could go a long way in helping her pay that electric bill that was still due.
She decided to stand around, in the dark, shady neighborhood, for the old man to return.
"This is crazy, Chris," she said to herself. "What the hell are you doing? This isn't you."
"Sugar!", the old man shouted. "Don't make me walk over there."
"He wants you to walk over to his place? Don't do this. It's just fifty dollars. You could be raped or killed. Just get in your car and go back Sal's," she told herself.
She shook her head. She was going to do it. That meager amount of money was desperately needed right now.
Chris approached the old man's home and he was standing outside of it. He extended his hand with two twenty dollar bills and a ten in it. She cautiously took the money and stuffed it in her bra - where she had put the rest of the extra money she received tonight.
"So? I paid ya, let's see 'em," he ordered.
She swallowed hard and slowly put her hands on the bottom of her polo shirt. Closing her eyes, she gingerly lifted it. The man got an eyeful of her soft tummy and saw more and more of it until the shirt had reached her bra.
"Ol Rusty" was practically salivating at the sight of Chris' exposed flesh - although everything remained PG-13.
With a deep breath, she pulled the shirt up and over her chest - exposing her ugly bra and the massive tits stuffed into it.
"Sweet baby Jesus, look at those milkers," he huffed. "Goddamn baby, you're beautiful."
The compliment didn't feel very good. It hadn't given her the confidence she felt earlier.
She continued holding her shirt up giving the old man a good view of what he paid for.
Fearing that he would ask her for more, Chris dropped her shirt and abruptly said, "I'm sorry, I gotta go. T-Thank you for the tip."
She hurriedly got into her car and left Venecci.
Her heart felt like it was being a hundred miles an hour. She couldn't believe that she just did that.
"You practically exposed yourself to some old man for fifty bucks," she said, scolding herself.
It was wrong, but why did she feel right about doing it? In one transaction, she made enough to cover a third of what she owed to the electric company. Could she do it again?
Chris had some time before her next deliveries to dwell on this. She weighed her options. She could have some fun and show off a little bit and make some much needed extra cash or Chris could stick to her principles, do her job the right way, and struggle making ends meet.
When she put it like that, it was easier to make up her mind. She was going to see how far she was willing to take this.
Sal only scheduled her to work three to four hours a night. That didn't leave her much time to make decent tips.
Unfortunately for her, Raj only gave her one more order to deliver. She knew that she needed to make this one count - whatever it was.
716 Hyland Lane was her final stop of the evening and, once again, it was in a bad neighborhood. Hyland had a characteristic that made it stick out to many other streets she had delivered to. Only two of the street lights worked and they were two blocks apart from one another. The rest of the lights had been shot out by overzealous gangsters looking to have a good time driving by. Because of this, Hyland was a very popular to place to sell drugs and sex.
Chris had never been to Hyland before, but she heard rumors about it - even all the way in Sunnybrook. If she didn't have pizza in her hands, passersby might get the wrong idea of the way she was dressed. She considered backing out of her plan when she pulled up to the last house. This area was too dangerous for her to show any more skin. She could get raped dressed the way she was already.
She turned her car off so she could sit in the dark. No one would notice her - making her less of a target for the time being.
"How would I even show more skin?" she asked herself. "I can't walk to this guy's house wearing my shorts and a bra."
She never considered that she'd get a thrill out of being somewhat of an exhibitionist, so she had no idea how to do any of this correctly.
The neighborhood was eerily silent. No barking dogs. No loud people. No music. This was both comforting and unnerving at the same time.
Then she got an idea. She reached down and grabbed the bottom of her polo shirt. Her hands wringed the shirt in the front to make a knot. She rolled the knot up until it exposed her entire stomach. Chris had never worn a shirt in this way before, but knew plenty of girls who did. Kelly and Stacy's social media pages were full of pictures where they were dressed like this.
The knot was secure and wasn't going anywhere unless she purposely pulled it down. She had found her look. Things were still PG-13 and nothing was getting out of hand.
Chris stepped quietly toward the house. It was a rundown looking one story baby blue house with a dim light on inside it emanating from the living room. She composed herself before knocking on the door.
"You look like a slut," she scolded herself. "Keep calm. Relax. This is just fun. Everything is okay."
The door opened and the man's expression went from angry to happy in a split second. Her body changed his whole attitude. That power gave her a rush. Knowing that this man may have been in a bad mood for any number of reasons and felt a little better looking at her made her feel good.
"Damn," was all he could say.
Eric Knowles had lived alone in a shitty home he inherited from his dead grandmother. He was not much of a handyman and the house began to look worse than it had. The grass was overgrown; the holes in the side of the house were covered by wood planks he nailed to the exterior; and the roof and gutters were full of leaves.
"Uh, one large sausage and Canadian bacon pizza?"
He nodded.
"Okay, that'll be," she cleared her throat. She called an audible and decided to sound more chipper, "Um, that'll be $12.65" and gave him a big smile.
Eric was lost in thought staring at Chris' voluptuous body - and she knew it. She had him right where she wanted him. She straightened her posture and her massive breasts stood out. As ugly as that bra was, she was glad that it was doing its job. If she wasn't wearing it, she wasn't sure if the man would be near as happy with her.
This time the pizza boxes were under her breasts to put them on display properly.
"Is everything okay?" she asked.
This was a loaded question.
"Those fucking tits are huge," he blurted out.
Chris cleared her throat again.
"Uh, thank you, sir. I-I'm glad you like them."
Alarms started going off in her head. She just thanked a man for crudely talking about her breasts and verbally acknowledged that she was happy he liked them.
This felt like cheating to her, but it was too profitable and too fun for her to stop right now.
The fear of something bad happening to her escaped her brain for a moment. Instead of chewing on that idea, she concentrated on getting a big tip - without going overboard.
She had another idea.
"Sorry about my shorts. They're so cheap. I wish I had some that make my butt look better," she said turning to her side to give him a better look at her ass.
"W-What's wrong with those?" he asked.
"They're not very tight. They're bunchy. See?" she said, pulling on the side of her shorts and letting them go - snapping back into place.
"Oh well, maybe someday," she sighed.
Eric quickly grabbed his wallet and pulled some money out.
Chris took the money and counted it.
Fifteen dollars.
Her tip was only going to be $2.35. She was disappointed, but thanked Eric nonetheless and walked back to her car. Eric stood in the doorway and watched her leave the best he could given how dark it was.
Back at the store, Chris put her tip money out of her bra and into her glove compartment. She knew she had to go inside to settle up with him before she clocked out and went home.
It was one thing to have strangers ogling her, but it was nother to have Sal do it. She wasn't looking forward to this at all. Before she got inside, she looked down at her shirt and untied the knot and straightened it up. She looked like a mess. Light blue cotton shorts with a black and red polo shirt that was very wrinkled in the front. If this were a professional establishment, her manager would have asked her to fix her attire - but this was not one of those establishments.
Sal was closely watching a security camera feed of the kitchen.
"C'mon, do it, you prick," Sal spat.
He was watching Carlos closely to see if he was eating off the plates again. Kelly and Stacy had told him that they caught Carlos doing this yesterday and Sal was now out for blood. He never turned down an opportunity to make someone feel bad or to fire anyone for doing anything he didn't like. The only things you could do to keep your job working for Sal was to kiss his ass, or if you were a woman, dress sexy and flirt back at him.
It took a lot of courage for Chris to enter the store. She had entered through the backdoor where the kitchen is. Carlos had his back turned, so he didn't notice her - but Sal did.
"Fucking hell," Sal exclaimed. "She fucking did it. The little bitch fucking did it."
He watched Chris move through the kitchen in disbelief. Chris was now out of sight. Sal knew she was walking down the hall to his office, so he composed himself before she knocked.
Knock. Knock.
"Yeah," he shouted.
Chris reluctantly opened the door and stood in front of Sal - whose gaze went straight to her bare creamy thighs.
"Here to settle up?"
Chris nodded.
Sal motioned with his hand for Chris to give him the cash.
Fear came over Chris when she realized that she had taken the excess cash and put it in her glove compartment, but put what was owed to the store back in her bra.
"Come on, sweetheart. Cough it up," he demanded.
"Can I step outside for just a minute? I need to use the restroom," she asked.
"No. This'll take two seconds. Stop stalling."
Chris sighed. There was no way she was going to get out of this. Here she was, in front of a man she loathed, wearing a revealing outfit (for her) that he asked her to wear, and now she was going to have to pull money out of her bra and hand it to him. Her face was turning red and her hands were shaking.
"Are you alright? What's the problem?"
She didn't answer. Instead, she quickly tucked her hand into one of the cups of her bra and pulled out the money. This was a bold move that Sal didn't expect, but appreciated greatly. It made Chris feel cheap and dirty.
"Here," she said, handing him the money.
Sal took it and laid it on the desk next to him.
"I'll count it later. If it's short, I'll take it out of your check. Got me?"
Chris nodded and turned around to leave.
"Wait," he said.
She stopped in her tracks and turned back around.
"I wasn't expecting this, ya know?" he motioned with his hands, indicating that he was talking about her shorts. "You always seemed uptight. Like you had a stick up your ass. You actually got a pretty good body. You should show it off more. I'm sure you got some tips tonight that you hadn't gotten before, right?"
She didn't want to admit that he was right about any of this, but she nodded her head.
"See? I know what I'm fucking talking about," he laughed. "Tell ya what though, that shirt ain't doin' you any justice and it doesn't match those shorts. You look terrible."
His insult, whether intentional or not, pained her.
"Here," he said, turning around and grabbing cash from a drawer next to him. "I'm feelin' generous. Take this and go buy something that shows your 'company assets' off better, okay?"
Chris reluctantly accepted the money.
"Now get out of here," he barked.
Sal had given her $100 to buy clothes. Chris wasn't the type of girl who spent a lot of time shopping for herself. She had four or five outfits that she reused all the time. Her clothing was drab and dull. Her drawers and closet were full of t-shirts and jeans - no dresses, skirts, houses, or anything feminine. Her panty selection was just as dull as her footwear. She didn't own any heels, pumps, or flip flops. All she had was three pairs of scuffed up tennis shoes in different colors - black, white, and blue. And besides a few sets of single gem earrings, she owned no other jewelry. Her nails were never painted and her makeup selection was almost nonexistent. She had never felt the need to look "pretty" before, but that was changing.
As she sat in the car, she contemplated what she would spend her money on. Her first experiment with exhibitionism had electrified her just as much as it frightened her. She thought of the possibilities, but her shopping trip would have to wait until tomorrow. She didn't have to be at the Fantasy Shop until the afternoon, so she would have plenty of time to shop - by herself.
There was no way that she could tell Josh about what happened tonight or take him with her on her shopping trip. How could she explain why she wanted these new, revealing, clothes? He wouldn't understand and would think she was cheating on him - trying to impress another man.
But maybe she was cheating a little. She wasn't being physical with other men, but she was enjoying the attention they were giving her. The best way she could get that attention was to show some skin.
Before she arrived back at home, another thought hit her - "What do I do with these clothes after I buy them? I can't keep them inside. Josh will see them."
Then she had an idea. She would keep them in her car and find a dark, quiet place to change before she went into work - like she did that night. That seemed like the best idea. That way, Josh would never know her secret.
Josh slept on the couch that night - which Chris thought was best. She lay in bed all night, struggling to fall asleep. All she could think about was what clothes she was going to buy the next day and how far she was willing to take this newfound thrill of exhibitionism.
Morning came and Josh was up first. This was unusual for him as he normally slept most of the day. He had woken up several times in the middle of the night worried about how Chris felt about him. He knew that what he did was wrong, but he hoped she would feel better today.
His hopes were dashed when Chris left the bedroom and, without saying a word to Josh, left the apartment. Josh sat there on the couch and felt like crying. The love of his life hated him and he couldn't blame her. He knew he messed up, but what could he do about it? He flaked on his interview because he was depressed and flaking on the interview had made him more depressed. He felt like the biggest loser in the world.
Chris decided not to shop at MegaMart. She didn't want any of Josh's old coworkers telling him she was there or what she might be doing. The only option she had, that was within her budget, was Cicero's - an outlet clothing store that was more upscale, but still affordable for the average American.
"Can I help you?" a chipper older woman said, catching Chris off guard.
"Uh, no thank you. I'm just going to look around," she replied.
"Okay, dear! If you need anything, let us know!" the woman announced.
Chris thought of everything she needed: new shorts, new tops, new bra, and new panties. With a $100 budget, Chris was checking all the price tags to make sure she didn't go over.
Her first stop was at a display that had a variety of shorts on it. The light blue cotton shorts she wore the other night were a hit, but they weren't as tight as they could have been and Sal could tell that they were pajamas. She needed something "sexier."
She didn't want to wear white shorts, because she didn't own anything else that was white. Wasting a washing machine cycle and bleach on just a pair of shorts didn't seem reasonable. The pink shorts were too girly for her tastes. Even though she wanted to add some sex appeal to her wardrobe, she didn't want to look too feminine.
Then she found them - a pair of distressed denim shorts. They looked great - very stylish and not too "Barbie." She picked them up and held them in front of her.
"Wow," she thought, "My ass is going to hang out of these for sure."
But that's what she wanted. She put them in her basket and continued browsing.
Tops. She needed a top. This would be more of a challenge. She could fit her ass into a pair of shorts, but it would be extremely difficult to fit her 38J's into a top, so she decided to get some help.
"Excuse me?" Chris said to the old woman.
"Yes, dear? Would you like some help?" she said walking toward Chris.
"Uh, yeah, I'm looking for a top and I'm having trouble finding something that...fits."
"Oh? Well, what is your cup size, sweetie?"
Chris sighed, "38J."
The woman cleared her throat. She was not ready for that.
"Okay, okay, wow. You are very blessed indeed."
"I don't know. They feel more like a curse right now."
She followed the saleswoman through aisle after aisle.
"Here. This is clothing that will fit a woman with your, um, blessings."
"Thank you," Chris said, forcing a smile.
All of the clothes were hideous - even for her. They were for women who weighed much more than she did. Her breasts made it impossible for her to fit into normal tops, so she was left to shop in the plus size section.
She told herself that she wasn't going to chicken out. She was going to finish this shopping trip and look sexy when it was over - but how?
"Fuck it," she quietly said to herself.
Chris walked back to the section with the normal sized tops. She was going to pick out something she liked and deal with the consequences later. She was sure that the top she chose would show a lot of cleavage and most of her tummy.
A red tank top was thrown into her basket as she made her way to the underwear section.
"Why can't the tops look as good as these bras?" she asked herself. The selection of bras impressed her a lot. For years, she had bought her bras at MegaMart and had to settle for black or nude colored "old lady" styles because they were the only ones that fit her. Here, she had a lot more of a selection to choose from.
"Too flowery," she sighed, putting a floral printed red, white, and pink bra down.
"Too...over the top," she spoke, placing a lacey purple and black bra back on the rack.
A soft and shiny black bra caught her eye. It was simple, yet sexy - and it was in her size.
Into the basket it went. Now, she was off to find panties. "This should be easy," she thought.
She was browsing Cicero's selection of panties, when she had an idea. Maybe she needed to think outside the box. The normal cut of panties were what she would have bought any other time, but this time was different. This was about opening herself up and taking chances.
She gulped when she saw rack after rack of thongs in every color combination you could imagine. Chris never considered herself to be fashionable, but she thought it would be a good idea if all of her clothing choices matched - at least somewhat. The denim shorts would go with the red tank top. The black bra would contrast well under the top, but what color of thong should she get? Black wouldn't do, so she picked up a lacey red thong.
"This isn't going to cover very much," she said. "At least it's going on under my clothes."
She took her basket to the dressing room and set them down. KLO Radio's soft rock hits of the 80's and 90's played throughout the store as Chris slowly began to undress. Out of the corner of her eye, she noticed a mirror. It was starting to make her self conscious. She wasn't a fan of her body, even though there were now men who loved it.
Chris weighed 145 pounds. Twenty of those pounds were thanks to her enormous breasts. She thought her thighs were too chubby, despite not being that thick. She didn't have the gap between her legs that most women strive for. Her arms weren't tiny, but they weren't bulky either. Her "baby face" made her cute, but not sexy. Her ass was plump and jiggled every time she walked. Usually, she could hide this by wearing a large t-shirt or hoodie.
When she was completely nude, she took a moment to look at her body. Her massive breasts did rest slightly below her belly button, but she couldn't control gravity. Her bush wasn't unruly, like women in 1970's porno movies, but it wasn't tidy either. Her thick landing strip was accompanied by stubble all around it.
She put her bra on first and was shocked to see how well she looked in it. Chris was already noticing a difference in her appearance. This bra not only fit, but it made her tits look fantastic. It held them up and put them on display for the whole world to see.
A smile came across her face and she giggled. She was enjoying this when she never thought she would.
Next came the thong and, sure enough, her ass swallowed up the back of it. The front had lace on top of fabric, so it wasn't see-thru. It covered her pussy just enough.
She put her tank top on and loved the way it looked on her. She tried to pull the tank top over as much of the bra as possible to hide it, but some of it did peek out the top. "Oh well," she said.
Finally, she put the shorts on and she struggled to pull them up. Her ass wasn't cooperating as she tugged and tugged. At last, her shorts were on. She zipped and buttoned them up.
"Oh my god," Chris said softly, looking into the mirror.
She almost felt like crying. She looked beautiful, but not just beautiful - she looked sexy. She looked desirable. She had never felt that way about herself until this moment.
Chris got a good look at her body in her new clothes from every angle she could. To her surprise, every angle made her more and more happy with herself. A sigh of relief came over her as she stripped down and put the clothes back in her basket.
Smiling ear-to-ear, Chris strolled to the checkout counter and paid for new clothes with the money Sal gave her. The total came to $92.87. She still had some money left over Even though it wasn't much, she decided to save it.
She didn't bother coming home to Josh before she went to work at the Fantasy Shop. Her boss, Craig, only scheduled her for a few hours. Technically, this would have been her day off, but he needed some help organizing a new display for the Super Power Man graphic novel that was going on sale tomorrow.
"Thanks for helping me out with this, Chris. I really appreciate it," Craig said, as he handed her a stack of novels.
"No problem. You know me, I like to help," she said.
The two worked on the display while Jackson and Vincent helped customers.
"What do you think of her?" Jackson asked Vincent.
"The girl with the pink hair?", Vincent asked.
Jackson shook his head. "No, her," he said, as he pointed with his head. He put both his hands out in a grabbing gesture in front of his chest to indicate that he was talking about the extremely busty, Christmas Griswald.
"I don't. She's my friend," Vincent answered.
"Please. Tell me you've never thought about her. C'mon, lie to me," Jackson teased.
"We're not having this conversation, okay? It's not even appropriate for work. Shit, I don't even know you that well."
"Eh, whatever, dude."
Vincent rolled his eyes and went to talk to a customer - giving him an excuse to get away from Jackson.
Jackson rested his elbows on the counter and stared at Christmas' body as she helped Craig with the display. His brazen ogling had gone unnoticed by everyone but Vincent.
Chris couldn't stop thinking about how excited she was to work at Sal's Pizza tonight. She had caught herself checking the time a lot during her shift at Fantasy Shop. She was anxious about wearing her new outfit and doing some more teasing. "Maybe I'll get better at it," she thought.
The time had come for her to leave and she barely said her goodbyes before she was out the door and on her way to Sal's - once again, not bothering to go home to Josh.
She pulled into the same dark spot as last night to change clothes. Goosebumps were all over her body. Her heart was running a marathon. Her breathing was labored.
"Okay, you can do this," she told herself.
Chris reached into the backseat and pulled out her Cicero's bag and dumped the contents into the passenger seat. She looked around and didn't see a single soul - it was perfect.
Her hand went straight for her pants. She hastily unbuttoned them; kicked her shoes off, and pulled her pants down. Next came her panties, which she removed quickly - tossing them, and her pants, in the backseat. Naked from the waist down, she thought of putting her new shorts and thong on - but she had another idea.
She whipped her t-shirt off and unfastened her bra. Chris couldn't believe the feeling she was experiencing. For the first time in her life, she was naked somewhere other than where she was living.
"Oh my god," she said, shaking.
Reality came back to her as she started putting on her new clothes. In less than a minute, she was now fully dressed. She had done all of this without anyone noticing her. Her first experience with public nudity was a success.
"Okay, let's do this," she said.
Her car pulled up into the backlot of Sal's Pizza and, like clockwork, she waited for Raj. She wondered what Raj would think of her when he saw her "new look." Would he like what he saw? Or would he think that she's out of her league?
She hadn't bothered to do anything with her hair or makeup, so her transformation wasn't complete, but this would have to do for tonight.
The backdoor swung open and Raj carried a stack of pizzas and a few smaller boxes with him.
He approached Chris' car and got an eyeful. When he leaned down to put the boxes in her passenger seat, he got a full view of Chris' mountainous cleavage in her new red tank top. The sight had made him forget what he was doing for a moment.
"Thank you," Chris said warmly.
Even her attitude had changed. Usually, she was polite, but not warm. Chris was never chipper. Raj always thought that she was there just to make a buck - like him. Neither Raj, nor Chris, were working at Sal's Pizza to make friends or socialize.
This caught him off guard, but he snapped back to reality.
"Uh, you, uh, yeah, you look different," Raj stuttered.
Chris smiled, "Yeah, I'm trying something new. You know, being a girl."
Raj laughed.
She had always worn that ugly black polo shirt and matching jeans. Her hair was always in a ponytail and she never wore makeup at work. It was obvious she was a woman, but Chris was never seen as "attractive" to him before tonight.
"I'm sure it'll be a big hit with the customers tonight," Raj replied.
"Here's hoping," she said.
Raj stole one last look at her body before finishing what he came there for.
"So you've got three orders here. Addresses are on the receipts. Boxes are marked so you don't have to open them."
"Thank you, Raj," she beamed.
As Chris pulled out of the backlot, Raj scratched his head. He had never thought that Chris would look like that. He knew the customers would love the way she looked, but some of those neighborhoods had some dangerous people in them. Raj hoped she would be okay.
Danger wasn't something Chris had thought about. She was too drunk on this new look to think about anything else. All she wanted was to tease men tonight and make some extra money. She didn't care who her customers were.
808 Venecci Court. In her gut, she knew that this order was for the old man who paid to see her bra last night. Same street and the address was too close to be a coincidence.
Before she pulled onto the street, she started thinking about what she would do if her customer was the old man from last night. She wondered if she would remain adventurous or lose her nerve. Her old clothes were still in the backseat. She could pull over on any dark street and change.
Chris had reached the point of no return. She had turned onto Venecci and there would be no place for her to change her mind and switch clothes. She was going to have to bite the bullet.
"I was right," she said softly.
The old man from last night was waiting for her on his front porch. Old Rusty got excited seeing her car pull up. He reached into his coveralls for his wallet.
She closed her eyes and took a deep breath. The thrill of showing off her body to an old creep in a sketchy neighborhood at night was beginning to turn her on. The sensation was almost too much to handle. Chris felt like she could have a heart attack at any moment. She had never been this nervous or aroused before.
After a moment of contemplation, Chris exited her car and bent over to grab the pizzas. She hadn't planned on doing this to give the old man a show, but it was working. Rusty pulled his bifocals out of his front pocket so he could get a better view. By the time they were on, Chris was already walking toward him.
She had put the pizza box under her breasts to give Rusty a better view of them.
"One large cheese pizza?" Chris asked in a chipper voice.
"Y-Yes," Rusty replied.
"That'll be $12.68."
Rusty nodded and fumbled with his wallet. He pulled out a ten and a five dollar bill and handed it to her. "Great," she thought, "Another lousy tip." She wasn't going to give up. She was going to do her best to get more of Rusty's money.
LIttle did she know that this was part of Rusty's plan. While he lived in section 8 housing in Venecci Homes, he had quite a bit of money that the government didn't know about. Rusty lets his nephews and their friends use his place to make drug deals all the time. In return for a safe place to conduct business, they give Rusty a generous cut of the action. He had a lot more money stashed away in the front pocket of his coveralls.
Chris straightened her posture and stuck her gigantic tits out.
"Do you like my new uniform?" she asked.
"Is Sal making you wear that from now on?"
"Oh, yes. He told me that girls should dress this way if they're going to do this job and I agree. I mean, all girls should be showing off for men, right?"
Rusty swallowed and nodded his head.
"I want to keep this job, so I'm going to do whatever it takes to make that happen," she cooed.
She almost couldn't believe how good she was getting at flirting. This was new territory for her and she was charting it very well.
"I've got a new bra too. Do you want to see it?" she chirped.
Rusty nodded his head again.
Chris put her hands on the bottom of her tank top and slowly began to peel it up - stopping before her bra became visible. She put her tank top down.
"How much is another peek worth to ya?" she asked.
"Uh, well, you see, I paid fifty dollars for a look at your bra last night. I don't want to pay that again for just a peek," he stated, "but I might if I can get some pictures of you."
Chris hadn't expected this. There was going to be photographic evidence of her deeds. Could she do it? He did say that he might pay for it, so at least there would be a reward in it for her.
"Okay," she said shyly.
"You have to take your top all the way off though."
"Damn," she thought as she started to pull her tank top up. She wasn't going to argue with him. This was too exciting and too profitable for her. This whole situation made her feel cheap, but extremely sexy at the same time.
The tank top passed over Chris' mountainous cleavage before it went over her head and came off completely. Standing in front of Rusty wearing nothing but her bra from the waist up sent chills down her spine.
"Throw it in the car," he barked. Following his orders was increasing her arousal and she obeyed him. The tank top was thrown into the passenger seat.
Rusty put the pizza box down on the grass. He either ordered it just to see her or he had no problem eating food that had been on the ground. Either way, Chris was going to follow through with Rusty's request.
The old man pointed his camera phone at her cleavage. Instinctively, Chris straightened her posture again to push her tits up even more. Rusty appreciated this and snapped away.
Chris never took "sexy" photos for Josh. She didn't want them to leak online if they were to ever break up. She could control who saw her body and how by never allowing herself to be put in a compromising position like that - until now. Now, a dirty old man in his 70's is taking pictures of her in a bra outside his house in a shady part of the city. Chris' circumstances, desperation, and curiosity were changing her mind on the matter.
Rusty moved to get a side shot of her breasts tucked inside her black bra. To give Rusty a better view, Chris put her arms up. She touched the sides of her head and made triangles with her arms - like she had seen models do.
"Do you like what you see?" she asked.
"Y-Yes, very, very much so. Thank you," he stuttered.
"Will that be all?"
This question invited more from Rusty and Chris knew it. She could keep playing if Rusty could afford it.
"W-What else can I get?" he asked.
She had no idea where this was headed, so she was looking for a little guidance.
"What would you like?"
Rusty cleared his throat and decided to be bold.
"C-Can I touch them?"
"Get back in your car and leave, Chris," she thought. "Don't let another man touch you. You're with Josh and you love him. Stop doing this now. You don't know how dangerous this can get. What if he tries to do more and you can't stop him? You don't have a weapon to defend yourself. You're a small girl wearing very little on a dangerous street. Get out while you still can."
Common sense told her to leave, but she was being urged to listen to her body. Her body wanted to experience the taboo of having a dirty old man touching her massive breasts. Chris needed more thrills in her life and she had finally found a way to get them. Her boring, mundane life before her adventures in light exhbitionism was behind her - or, at least, she wanted it to be. She was having too much fun and feeling too good to stop now. She wasn't concerned with the dangers.
"$70?" she inquired.
Rusty let out a chuckle, as if the question was absurd. He felt that she was giving him quite a deal. He only had to pay $70 to touch the giant tits of an 18-year old girl. He had practically died and gone to Heaven.
He quickly passed her the cash and Chris promptly stuck it in her shorts.
"Okay, this is it," she told herself. "Time to get groped."
"Alright, I guess you can touch them," she replied.
Chris looked around the neighborhood for the first time since arriving. She was too excited to take in her surroundings. Luckily for her, no one was out. Some of the houses had their lights on, but she didn't see a single soul outside. That made her feel easier about this. The last thing she wanted was to have an audience for this.
Rusty reached out with his dry, old hands and firmly grabbed both of Chris' enormous breasts. They were still inside her bra, but there was enough flesh for the dirty old man to squeeze.
"I can't believe this! He's touching me! Another man is touching me and he's old and gross," she told herself. "Worst of all, I'm really enjoying it!"
She could feel her thong dampen during Rusty's grope session. Chris wondered if her body was going to allow her to put limits on how far things got tonight.
Without asking for permission, Rusty slipped his left under the cup and squeeze her tit - feeling her nipple press against his hand. Chris' eyes widened and she froze. She didn't make any effort to stop him. In fact, she let out a soft moan. Her body was in full control and her brain had taken a backseat on this adventure.
Rusty pulled the cup down to get a better feel and her bare tit was exposed to the night air. Chris placed her left hand on Rusty's shoulder to steady her body. She bit her lip and purred as the old man pulled her tit completely out of its cup and pawed her flesh.
Christmas Griswald, the shy, insecure girl who never wanted to get in touch with her femininity had sold part of her body to an old man. So far, she had made $130 for herself and she had only been at Rusty's for almost ten minutes.
"Shit," she panicked, "You've been here for almost ten minutes! You've got other orders!"
She came back down to reality and pulled away from Rusty. She picked up her massive tit and placed it back inside her bra.
"I-I have to go. I have other orders. I'm sorry," Chris said.
"Sweetheart, you made an old man happy tonight. No need to apologize," he said warmly.
She appreciated his understanding even though he had just paid to expose and grope her.
Chris pulled her tank top back on and drove as fast as she could to her next stop. The high she had experienced had only intensified after what just happened. She felt like an entirely new girl.
She had cursed herself for taking too long at Rusty's. She hoped her next customer would be understanding and give her a break. She didn't need Sal hearing about this.
1223 Old Oak Road was her next destination. This street was home to the Old Oak Trailer Park. It was another sketchy area in a long line of sketchy areas that scantily clad girls, who are all by themselves, shouldn't go to at night.
Her car came to a stop beside a stained yellow trailer with white trim. The porch had missing planks and looked dangerous. An old car that had been dissected was beached on the front lawn behind a functioning maroon pickup truck.
When the owner of the trailer heard Chris' car pull up, he exited his home and marched down the porch.
Terry McEvers was a 48 year old construction worker with five kids from three different women. None of those kids lived with him because Terry had walked out on all of them - leaving their mothers to pay all the bills. He took under-the-table construction jobs so the government wouldn't garnish any of his wages.
He stood close to six-feet tall and was covered in poorly drawn confederate tattoos. These tattoos were cheap and done in his kitchen by his buddy, Mark. Mark did most of the tattoos for the inhabitants of the trailer park.
"You're late," he barked.
She sighed. He wasn't going to let this slide.
"I'm really sorry, sir, I-" she thought of a lie, "I had to go back to the store. There was a problem with your order, so I made sure they fixed it."
Chris smiled, hoping that, and her lie, would calm Terry down.
No dice.
"Bullshit. Gimme my pizza," he ordered.
He snatched the box from her and opened it.
"Yeah, you got it right this time. I hate having to have you people fix your fuck up's all the time."
Chris was beginning to fidget. Terry was making her anxious.
Terry put his finger on one of the pizza slices.
"And it's fucking cold. Great. Jesus Titty Fucking Christ, you people are dumb. You fix my order just to give me a cold pizza."
"I-I'm really sorry sir," she stumbled.
"Can I get a new pizza?"
"They'll take that out of my check," she said.
"Whose problem is that? You're riding around town looking like a slut and you're too busy to give me my goddamn food so I can eat while it's still warm!"
Buying a new pizza, out of her own money, wouldn't be the end of the world for Chris, but she didn't want to do that. She was trying to make money - not lose it. She wanted to see if her body could get her out of his. This was almost like a personal challenge for her. Could she calm down the angry guy in the trailer park and leave without incident?
Chris nervously spoke up, "Sir, please don't. Is there anything I can do to make this right?" She straightened up once again, putting her mounds of tit flesh on display for Terry to see - tucked inside the cups of her black bra.
"I knew you were a slut," he laughed. "You all are. You young girls want to pretend like you're good at things other than showing off your bodies and sucking dick, but you ain't. You're all a bunch of sluts."
Maybe she was discovering her submissive side, but she felt compelled to agree with him and submit to this man. His angry demeanour and his insults were having an unexpected affect on her. Not only did she enjoy showing off, but she seemed to enjoy submitting to men as well.
"You're right, sir," she admitted.
Terry wasn't ready for that response. He had expected her to argue with him, turn around and leave, or both.
"I-I'm not very good at delivering pizzas. Everybody at work is so much better than me - especially the guys. I know that if I'm going to do this job right, I need to do what I'm supposed to do and look nice for all the men I see."
Years of being a quiet feminist were thrown right out the window with that statement. Chris said it to soothe Terry's tension, but she felt herself meaning most (if not all) of it.
"You got that right," Terry said, "You ain't too bad at it neither."
Chris smiled. Sure, Terry was a rude asshole, but he sort of gave her a compliment and she appreciated it.
"You know what? You could do something for me."
This piqued her curiosity.
"Oh?" she asked.
"Yeah, bitch. How about you show me your tits and we call it even?"
She knew something like that was coming, but she, surprisingly, didn't dread it. Chris was actually looking forward to this.
Right before she could do anything, she heard a noisy screen door open and Terry's neighbor two trailers down came outside to smoke a cigarette. He was a young man, in his early 20's, with a blue and white trucker hat; no shirt; wearing black track pants; and no shoes. He seemed keenly interested in what was happening with Terry and the extremely busty pizza delivery girl.
Now she had an audience. Would she back out? Or would she expose herself in front of two complete strangers?
That familiar warm feeling coursed through her body and she reached her hands up to her breasts. Her left hand dug into one of the cups.
"No, not like that," Terry objected, "The whole top...and the bra too."
Chris swallowed. She was going to be completely topless and she couldn't wait, but she didn't want to look too eager.
She slowly removed her red tank top and stuck it in the left pocket of her shorts. After a deep breath, she reached behind her, with both hands, and unclasped her bra. She hoped that the men would like what they see. Her naked breasts were a hit with Rusty, but would these two men appreciate them too?
Her bra was unclasped and Chris slowly removed it. She made sure to keep her forearm down near her stomach to cover her nipples.
"Bitch, what did I say?"
"Y-You said you wanted to see my tits," she said, shaking.
"That's fucking right, so stop covering them up."
Chris nodded submissively.
Terry's neighbor was inching closer to get a better look.
She uncovered her breasts and stood in front of Terry, and beside his neighbor, completely topless. The night air tickling her naked flesh. Chris was vulnerable and waiting for positive affirmation about her body.
"Joey, this bitch has a big set of hangers," Terry laughed.
"Hell yeah she does," Joey joked, "Look at how low they sit."
She wasn't getting compliments. Instead, she was being insulted. Chris thought it was strange that she wasn't crying or getting dressed and running back to her car - giving up on exhibitionism altogether.
Their insults were actually making her wet. Her humiliation was turning her on. She decided she wanted them to make fun of her some more.
"Yeah, I don't know what I did to deserve these big saggy tits, but here they are," she said, lifting her breasts and letting them fall into place just below her belly button.
"I've seen tits like on fat chicks, but you ain't fat," Joey chuckled.
"I'm sorry you guys don't like my titties. I wish they were better. I really do. I wish I had big perky ones, not these fat drooping udders," she lamented.
Her arousal was at an all-time high right now. In two days, she had discovered two new things that turned her on - exhibitionism and degradation. At this point, she didn't even care if they tipped her. Their insults were enough for her.
Terry started laughing, "Joey, remember that fat bitch you dated? What was her name? Ronda?"
"Fuck you, Terry. She wasn't that fat," Joey snapped.
"The fuck she wasn't! My couch still ain't the same after you fucked her on it," Terry laughed.
"Anyway," Terry turned to Chris, "Joey here ain't sucked on a pair of titties in months. How about I don't tell your boss about the pizza being late and I throw you $20 and you let him suck on those hangers?"
The thought of letting Terry's disgusting neighbor suck on her tits after they made fun of her was too hot to pass up. She loved the attention, albeit negative, that she was receiving and wanted to degrade herself even more.
Sheepishly, Chris responded, "Thank you. Yes, I'd like that."
She turned to Joey, "What do you think? I know they're not much to look at, but would you like to put my tits in your mouth?"
Her tone was almost begging him to fondle her and suck her nipples.
"You're a fucking slut," Joey laughed, "Yeah, I'm in. Bring them milkers over here."
Chris walked over to Joey.
Terry came over to join them - pointing his cell phone at them.
Now the whole scene was being filmed, but Chris didn't care. She had lowered her standards with this trip to the trailer park. Rusty paid $60 for pictures of her breasts covered and $70 more to feel one of them outside her bra. Here, she was completely topless and letting a stranger suck on her tits for only $20.
"Check this shit out," Terry said while filming, "Joey here is going to suck this bitch's saggy ass tits. He ain't done this since Ronda. You remember that big bitch?"
The way Terry was talking implied that he was planning on showing the video to other people. Maybe he was streaming it live? Maybe he was going to film it and upload the video to some porn site?
"W-What are you going to do with that video?" she asked nervously.
"Don't you fucking worry about, girlie," Terry shouted. His tone and pitch startled Chris and scared her. "I'll do whatever the fuck I want to with it. I'll probably put it on FreeXXX.com."
Chris didn't have a lot of experience watching porn. She had seen it sometimes, but never really dedicated much time to checking it out. She had no idea what, or how big, that website was.
She gave up the fight and allowed Terry to film her tits being sucked.
Joey grabbed both of her massive breasts and began roughly squeezing them. Chris closed her eyes and let Joey take over. He lifted her right tit with both hands and pointed the nipple toward his mouth. He began sucking on it. Joey held it with both hands, as it was too heavy to hold with just one.
"I think the little slut likes it," Terry teased. "Don't ya, you fucking bitch?"
"Y-Yes sir, I do like it," Chris replied, "I'm-I'm happy he's enjoying them. I know he didn't have to."
Chris moaned audibly as Joey began grinding his teeth on her engorged nipple. This was the most degrading thing that had ever happened to her and she was loving every second of it.
Terry zoomed in on Chris' face, which was in complete ecstasy, and then moved the camera down to her breast which was stuffed inside Joey's disgusting mouth.
She hadn't even paid attention to how Joey's mouth looked. He could have had chewing tobacco over his gums or rotting teeth. Her arousal was getting in the way of her better judgment more and more.
Joey looked up at the camera, "I don't know how many people are gonna like this, because her titties are fucking ridiculous, but they sure do taste good."
"How old are you, bitch?" Terry asked.
"E-Eighteen, sir," she replied in between moans.
"She's 18 years old, ladies and gentlemen. Topless in the middle of the trailer park gettin' her udders sucked on by the biggest meth head in Old Oak," Terry teased.
He was a meth head? The more repulsive Terry made Joey look, the more degraded and turned on Chris got.
Joey took both of her tits and held them away from her body.
"Get this, Terry," he said.
Terry moved back to get everything in frame.
Chris moaned from the pain that came from pulling her tits that far apart.
Joey let both of them go and they smacked into each other.
Both men erupted with laughter.
"Bitch, you're a good time, you know that? You're welcome here anytime," Terry said.
The moment of levity made her feel better. Even through their insults and mockery, they had enjoyed their time with her.
"T-Thank you, sir," she spoke softly.
Terry handed her a twenty dollar bill and motioned with his head for her to leave.
Chris walked back to her car and put her clothes back on. She knew that the third order she had to deliver was going to be cold as well. Maybe if the customer was a man, she could get some leniency.
She arrived at 553 Gregor Road. This was a much more upscale street than she was accustomed to. Gregor Road was the next best thing you could get before a gated community. It was full of upper middle class homes with multiple stories and large garages. A cul de sac sat on the end of the street. It seemed like the kind of neighborhood where everyone knows each other and life is easy. For a moment, Chris envied the people who lived there. While she wasn't living in squalor, she was living in an apartment complex full of drug dealers, addicts, and prostitutes. She hoped that one day she could be lucky enough to live in a home like 553 Gregor Road.
It was a large brick home with white trim and a two car garage. The lights were on and, from looking at the windows, there was more than one person home. She hoped whoever it was would take it easy on her.
"Hey," Gus Stallings said as he came outside to greet Chris.
"I know I'm late, sir. I'm so sorry. I got tied up and I just couldn't get here in time," she pleaded.
Gus wasn't a pushover, but he wasn't as rude as Terry either.
"Shit happens," Gus said. "Don't worry about it. That's what microwaves are for, right? Who ever eats an entire pizza while it's hot anyway?"
Chris was relieved that he wasn't upset. This meant she wouldn't have to pay for the pizza or expect an angry phone call to Sal.
"You're not going to call my manager?" she asked, hoping to put her mind at ease.
"No," Gus laughed. "It's not that big of a deal really."
Chris smiled at him, "Thank you. Not everyone is as nice as you."
"And not all delivery girls are as good looking as you," he boldly stated.
Gus' compliment warmed her heart. She realized that she could appreciate compliments and insults. Both were welcome to her.
"Oh, I forgot. How much do I owe ya?" he asked.
"Um, $34.98," she said, thinking that that was a lot to spend on pizza.
"No problem. Here ya go," Gus said, handing her some cash.
She was too curious not to look at the money in front of him. When she saw that he had given her $100, her eyes widened.
"Oh my god, sir. You didn't have to," she said.
"I know, I know, but you're young and you got bills to pay too. Besides, I appreciated the view," he replied.
This made her smile again. Not only had he complimented her, but he had given her the biggest tip she'd ever had - and she didn't have to expose herself to get it.
"T-Thank you," she smiled, "If you want to see me again, you know how to find me."
Chris couldn't believe what she just said as she walked back to her car. Inside, she counted up all the money she "earned" in the last hour - $215.02.
She wanted to scream because she was so happy. Yesterday, she was struggling to keep her apartment and the lights on. Today, through her own sexual awakening, she's been able to make more than enough to pay the rest of her bills this month. That joy, coupled with the relief of being financially stable at the moment, made her the happiest she'd been in a long time.
Her earnings went straight into her glove compartment - free from the greedy eyes of Sal.
Raj gave her six new orders. The first two were families, so she couldn't do anything when someone's wife, girlfriend, or mother answered the door. Although, some of the women didn't care too much for her attire. That didn't deter her though, she knew the guys she saw tonight would still love it.
Her third order was to be delivered to 639 Santino Ave. Santino was a few streets away from Santa Anna Ave., which meant that it wasn't very safe. She had to be as careful as a girl with raging hormones and no weapon could be in this situation.
Tyrell Peters and his buddy, Jonesy, were her next customers. They were staying in a one story home with pale green exterior and cracks all over the outside. Like other homes on the block, the lawn wasn't properly maintained and trash and debris littered the property. The home actually had no owner - at least, not one that was alive. The old owner, Reggie Hall, had died at the ripe old age of 92 - which, for people living in that neighborhood, was quite a feat. After he died, the two friends took over the home and used it as a base of operations for their small time drug business. They sold cocaine and pills mostly.
Chris pulled up on the side of the road and found their order. She hoped that whoever answered the door was male. Before she walked to the door, she made sure to lock her car. She didn't want anyone stealing all the money she had made tonight.
The two friends peeked through the peephole to see a short, extremely busty white girl standing on the other side of the door.
"Oh fuck," Jonesy whispered. "This can't be happenin' man."
"Fuckin' right it is," Tyrell replied.
Tyrell opened the door. He was dressed in a long white tank top and baggy grey sweatpants with a red durag. Jonesy was wearing long red shorts and didn't have a shirt on.
"Hey mama," Jonesy smirked.
She had gotten what she wanted, but instead of one man - she got two. She thought about whether she could get money from both of them.
"You lookin' hella fine girl," Tyrell said, "Do all the pizza bitches dress like that now?"
Chris laughed, "Nope. Just this pizza bitch."
Tyrell and Jonesy high fived each other.
"This is going good so far," she thought. "Keep it going."
"Two medium pizzas? One green pepper and sausage. The other double pepperoni?"
The friends nodded.
"Okay, that'll be $17.57."
"Look here, we gonna pay you, but uh, check it, what size are those titties?" Jonesy asked.
Chris blushed, "38J."
"Motherfucker! She said 38J!" Tyrell exclaimed.
"Who your parents? I want to thank them," Jonesy joked.
Chris was having a good time so far. She was a hit with these guys.
"You know," she trailed, "um, do you want to see them?"
"I have a weak heart. I don't know if I can take that shit," Jonesy said.
Their sense of humor and compliments were making her feel good.
"You gonna show us those tits?" Tyrell asked cautiously.
"Well, yeah, if you, you know had something extra you could throw a poor girl who's got bills to pay," she replied.
They knew exactly what she was talking about.
"Shit, you're selling us your titties. You a working girl?" Tyrell asked.
"They think you're a prostitute," she told herself.
"Oh, no, no, no...I'm not a prostitute...I just-" she said before Jonesy cut her off.
"You just what? You're over here offering us titties for money. That sounds like prostitution to me," Jonesy laughed.
"Hey, whatever it is, we cool with it. Do your thing, girl. How much you want?" Tyrell asked.
"$40?"
It was more than what Terry paid, but less than she charged Rusty. She wasn't sure how much she was going to charge for anything yet. Chris was trying to gauge what she thought the customers might want to pay. She didn't want to shoot too high and strike out.
Tyrell whipped out two twenty dollar bills and handed them to Chris, who promptly stuck them in her shorts.
These guys were very friendly to her, so she wanted to give them something special.
"Can I step inside?" she asked.
Her brain was telling her that being alone in a rundown house like this with two guys she's never met before in this neighborhood was an extremely bad idea, but she wasn't thinking about that. She wanted to come inside, so that no one passing by would see her breasts.
They led her inside and she took a look around. The carpet was a light brown with dark patches from where something had been spilled. The home looked uninhabitable.
Chris didn't waste any time and removed her tank top. Instead of putting it in her shorts, she absent mindedly let it fall on the floor.
She was unsure if they were going to like what they saw or if they were going to insult her like Terry and Joey had. She was fine with either scenario.
Her bra soon joined her tank top on the floor. Chris removed her hands from her breasts and let the men see them in all of their glory.
"Damn baby, why your titties so sad?" Jonesy laughed.
They were going to mock her. She could feel her pussy dampening. More degradation coming to her and she was on board for it.
Tyrell grabbed one of her breasts and shook it, "These are some National Geographic titties!"
"I mean, I ain't gonna say they ugly, but damn girl, you lost the titty lottery!" Jonesy shouted.
Chris swallowed. She wanted them to keep it up, so she decided to encourage them.
"I know. I hate my tits. I mean, just look at them," she said, looking down, "They sag so much. They have to be the ugliest boobs you guys have ever seen, right?"
"They up there," Tyrell grinned, "That's for sure. They ain't right."
"God this feels so good," she told herself. "Please, keep going."
"I'm kinda sorry I paid to see those things," Tyrell added.
"Bruh, she shoulda just whipped them out for free. Nobody should pay to see those saggy ass shits," Jonesy said.
Their relentless mockery was continuing to make her pussy wet. Like her other deliveries, she forgot completely about her job and was transfixed on this moment. She took advantage of every moment she had to explore her sexuality. Chris didn't want to have sex with any of her customers, but for the first time in a long time, she thought about getting herself off in her car.
Tyrell pulled out his cell phone and handed it to Jonesy.
"Get this, get this," he ordered.
Tyrell knelt down in front of Chris and placed one of her heavy breasts on top of his head.
The two friends started laughing hysterically as Jonesy snapped several pictures.
When Tyrell got up, he slapped the tit he was using. Chris had never had anyone hit her before. Tyrell's big hands had left a bright red mark across her breast. She felt like she wanted to cry, but she found herself enjoying this too.
"D-Do you want to smack them too?" she asked Jonesy.
"Word? I mean, if you want us to treat you like a skank, we'll treat you like a skank," he replied.
Jonesy pulled his hand back and let loose a hard slap on her other tit. The impact stung worse than Tyrell's. Chris doubled over, causing her massive breasts to hang from her body.
"You like that, slut?" Jonesy asked.
Chris slowly nodded her head.
"That's the only use your broken ass tits got," Tyrell barked.
"I-I know. I deserved that too. I shouldn't have asked if you wanted to see them. I'm sorry. Nobody would even want to see them for free. I should just keep them tucked away," Chris said meekly.
"You got that right. Shit. I don't know where you got the confidence to whip them floppy titties out, but put that shit back where you found it," Tyrell said.
"I will. I'm sorry. As men, you deserve better than what I have," Chris replied, "I can't believe I thought you'd like these hanging sacks of fat."
The two friends laughed some more.
"Hey look, our pizza's gettin' cold. If you want us to smack you around sometime, call us," Jonesy said, writing a number on her right hand.
"Now get the fuck outta here. We hungry," Tyrell ordered.
She nodded, "Thank you."
Chris was now into exhibitionism, degradation, and ,after that last visit, pain. "What's happening to me?" she asked herself. She thought about how far she was willing to go with all of this and it worried, and excited her, at the same time.
None of her experiences had lasted very long, but she wanted them too. They were over before she got a chance to really enjoy herself. All she could think about was getting off.
In her car, Chris pulled out a pen and tore off a piece of notebook paper. She copied the number that was written on her hand. She folded it up and put it in the glove compartment - just in case.
On her way to her next delivery, Chris kept thinking about Tyrell and Jonesy. She didn't feel like they were attracted to her and felt like that was the reason they made fun of her; slapped her tits; and kicked her out. This thought made her even more attracted to them. She wasn't sure why she liked the idea of those two guys hurting her emotionally and physically, but she did. "Maybe I'll call them sometime," she thought, "Maybe."
To any normal girl, that kind of body shaming and abuse would be enough to quit their job and go to counseling - but not Chris. She wasn't normal and she knew it. She was very aware that her newfound desires were not common, but they were welcome nonetheless.
The three frat guys at 1055 DuLaunge took one look at Chris' massive cleavage and fell over themselves trying to see her breasts. Chris decided to try something different.
"You don't want to see them," she replied.
"Why not?" Dan laughed.
"Because they're awful. They sag a lot because they're so big. I'm five-foot tall and these are 38J's. They go past my belly button. You'll hate them. They're disgusting," she added.
No girl had ever used that line on them before.
"C'mon, they can't be that bad," Jason added.
"Yeah, let's see 'em," Malcom said.
"Right here?" Chris asked cautiously. She was standing on the front porch of their frat house - which looked like every movie stereotype. There were clothes and red solo cups littered around the porch - even spilling into the lawn.
"Dude, let's make her whip 'em out right here. Anybody could see her," Jason taunted.
"What'ya think?" Dan asked Chris.
"I'll do whatever you want me to," Chris replied.
Her submissive side was thrilling her to no end. She loved being directed. It made each situation she's in more unpredictable adding to her enjoyment.
"Then do it. Whip 'em out right here," Dan ordered.
Against her better judgment, she obeyed Dan's orders. In a matter of moments, her tank top and bra were laying on the dirty porch next to her.
Dan, Malcom, and Jason's eyes widened.
"You were right," Dan said, "They do sag a lot."
"Wow," Jason said, "I kinda like 'em."
Chris smiled at his approval.
"I'm into them too," Malcom added, "I think they're fucking hot."
Her breasts seemed to be a hit with two of them, but she was unsure about Dan.
"Do you not like them?" she asked, "I understand if you don't."
"I kinda wish I paid to see your pussy," Dan snapped.
"Oh, I'm sorry," Chris replied.
"Yeah, if we pay more, can we see your pussy?" Malcom asked.
Chris had been exposing her tits to her customers all night and she never thought about showing anyone her pussy. She didn't even like calling it her "pussy." She thought it should be called what it is - a vagina. Josh tried using the word "pussy" a few times during sex, but she wasn't into it and later asked him not to say it. The word felt "dirty" to her.
Right now, however, she wasn't offended by the word. Her hormones were on overdrive right now. She was doing a lot of things over the past two nights that she would have normally objected to.
"We paid you $40 for the tits. What about another $40?" Dan offered.
If she agreed, Chris would have $335.02. She wanted to keep making money and have fun.
And she thought she'd have some fun with these boys by giving them something they probably haven't seen on their doorstep before.
Dan, Malcom, and Jason watched in shock as Chris removed her denim shorts and her red thong. Stepping out of them, she stood there wearing only her tennis shoes.
"How's that?" she asked.
"It's hairy, but that's a good looking pussy," Jason commented.
"Yeah, I mean, your tits aren't great, but your pussy and your ass are probably your best assets," Dan replied.
Chris turned to Malcom to get his feedback.
"I love it," Malcom stated simply.
"Do you think I should shave my pussy?" she asked.
Now she was using the word. Hearing it turned her on, but saying it made her feel more dirty.
"No, I like the hair," Jason answered.
Dan and Malcom nodded their heads in agreement too.
"Hey, you want to come inside with us?" Dan asked.
"I'd love to, but I have other deliveries, so I have to get going. I had fun showing you my body though," she cheerfully replied, "Thank you for the compliments. You could have insulted me too if you wanted. I would have been okay with it."
The three friends didn't know what to think about the last part of what she said. They had never met a girl who was okay with being degraded before.
Malcom stopped Chris from picking up her clothes.
"Hey, before you go, can you get a picture with us?"
Chris beamed, "Sure!"
Chris stood in front of the boys. Dan was to her left, Jason to her right, and Malcom was in the middle.
They handed the camera to Chris and she started taking pictures with them. She struck different poses doing her best to look sexy, but she had another idea.
"How about you guys touch me? Like grab me?" she suggested.
The boys almost fell over themselves to touch her. Malcolm grabbed two handfuls of her enormous breasts. His face stuck out behind her right shoulder wearing a huge grin. Jason put his hand on Chris' throat. She wasn't expecting this, but leaned back a little and parted her lips - moaning softly. Dan was bold and grabbed her pussy with his right hand - putting his back to the camera.
"The camera can't see you," she told Dan, "Move your head, so you can see yourself grabbing my pussy."
Dan moved his head and Chris snapped some more pictures.
Jason took the camera and looked through the pictures and laughed, "This looks like we're about to run a train on you."
Chris peered over his shoulder to look at the photos. Her bare breasts touching the back of his shirt.
"It kinda does," she laughed.
She got dressed and the boys thanked her for everything.
"No, I should thank you," she replied, "I had a good time. Maybe I'll be back."
The friends loved the idea of her coming back to see them sometime. Like Tyrell and Jonesy, she got their numbers too. With no paper or pen with her, she had to find something they could write on.
"Write on my tits," she offered.
Dan was back with a pen and the three of them took turns writing their numbers on her breasts.
"Thanks, boys!" she beamed.
Their phone numbers were visible on the tops of Chris' tits that were now back inside her black bra. Luckily for her, no one in this neighborhood saw her standing completely nude on the doorstep of that frat house.
She took the piece of paper out of her glove compartments and transcribed the new phone numbers that she got.
Chris looked at herself with her phone.
"You look so cheap," she giggled, noticing her huge mounds of cleavage with the numbers of three guys written on her left tit.
Her last stop before she headed back to Sal's was coming up - 716 Hyland. She knew it was Eric Knowles from last night. This was her second repeat customer, who she assumed, ordered pizza just to see her again.
Hyland seemed like the darkest corner of River City. Tonight, one of the two functioning street lamps was flickering, casting an eerie mood everywhere around it.
Chirs pulled up in the same spot as last night. Her last experience with Eric was rather tame. He hadn't seen her breasts in this new tank top. Eric had seen them strain against the fabric of that awful black polo shirt, but he complimented them nonetheless. She had tried to tease him by drawing attention to her short cotton shorts, but only walked away with a meager tip. Tonight, she was going to try harder.
She walked up to Eric's rundown home and knocked on the door. Within a matter of seconds, Eric had opened the door and greeted Chris.
"H-Hello," he said.
Eric immediately noticed Chris' new attire. Her gigantic breasts looked like they were suffocating in the poor black bra they were contained in. The phone numbers on her left tit confused him, but they didn't ruin the view.
"Good to see you again," she smiled, "One large sausage and Canadian bacon pizza? That'll be $12.65."
This was the same order as last night. Eric was definitely a creature of habit. Could Chris get him to break out of his shell, have a little fun, and give her a bigger tip than last night?
Fifteen dollars. Again. Eric was going to need some convincing.
"Do you like my new uniform? My boss told me that all girls should dress like this when they're working for him," she said, "He told us that our looks are the most important thing we have to offer."
"I-I, uh, yeah, it's beautiful," he stammered.
"Just beautiful?" she asked.
"They're-, I mean, you're fucking hot," he laughed, "I gotta agree with your boss."
"You do? That all girls should be expected to dress like this?"
"Yeah, if you want to keep customers coming back. Having girls show off God gave them is what they're supposed to do."
"I completely agree. You know, I used to think I had other assets to offer my boss. I was always on time; never called off; and I was professional and polite to customers," she scoffed, "But now I'm learning my place as a woman. I can't believe I was that stupid."
"You are a girl, so don't beat yourself up," Eric joked, "I'm sorry, that was-"
"No, no, you're right. As women, we are not equal to men. You're smarter and stronger than us. My body is the only thing I'm good for. I'm happy to have learned what my role really is."
All of this submissive talk was working wonders on Eric. It was boosting his confidence and turning him on - and it was doing the same for Chris.
"You wanna hear something funny?" she asked.
Eric nodded his head.
"I was trying to get you to buy me a new pair of shorts last night," Chris laughed, "I did a really bad job at it."
"I could tell," Eric replied, "I didn't want to do it though. I mean, what would have been in it for me?"
"You're right. You wouldn't have gotten anything out of it. I did get new shorts though. See?" she said, twirling around slowly.
Chris stopped after turning her back to Eric. She wanted to give him a view of her plump backside. The denim shorts rode high and an ample amount of her ass cheeks spilled out the bottom of them. Eric was loving the view.
She turned around and Eric stood up straight. She knew that he was trying to get a better look at her big, round ass.
"If you're going to pay for something, you may as well enjoy it, right?" she asked.
Eric nodded again.
"What'ya say, for, I don't know, $40, I show you something?" she offered.
"What? Like I can see anything I want for $40?" he replied.
"Yes. You can see my ass, my pussy, or my tits," she answered.
Eric couldn't believe his luck. Living every day of his life in isolation inside a rundown home he inherited from his family, Eric didn't get any opportunities to see a real girl naked - unless he went to Shaker's, the cheapest strip club on the East Side of River City. He talked to girls online, but who knows if they were the real deal? He had the real deal right in front of him and all he needed to do to see any part of her body he wanted was $40.
"Okay, yeah, I'll do it. Here," Eric said, handing her two twenty dollar bills.
Chris tucked the cash in her shorts and asked, "What'll it be?" She moved her body around to help him make up his mind.
"Your tits. I want to see your tits," he answered.
"Here we go," she thought, "He's either going to love them or hate them. Oh well, here it goes."
"You know, before I do this, can I show you inside?" she asked.
Eric was embarrassed to let anyone inside his messy home, but he felt like he had to accommodate her if he was going to see anything.
He led her inside and closed the door.
She stood in front of Eric, who had his back toward the front door.
Chris whipped her tank top off and dropped it on the filthy carpet floor. She wanted to have some fun with Eric, so she played a game and pretended to have a problem unclasping her bra.
"Um, could you help me? It's not cooperating with me," she pleaded.
"Yeah, yeah," he stammered. Moving in behind her, Eric grabbed both ends and easily unclasped her bra.
"Thank you so much. I don't know if I would have got this thing off without you," she laughed.
Chris tossed the bra toward the door - away from her tank top.
Eric moved around to her front to look at the breasts that he had paid for.
He was speechless. They had to be the biggest breasts he had ever seen - even online. He wondered how a girl as small as Chris could have tits that big.
"They're 38J's," she said, "I don't like them. I think they sag too much. Other guys don't like them either and I don't blame them. I've got a big pair of ugly tits, so I'm not good for much."
Her self-depreciation was turning them both on. Having a woman as beautiful as Chris speak bad about herself, and women in general, was making him extremely aroused.
"You can make fun of them if you want," she offered, "I deserve it."
Eric thought about it for a moment. This could be an opportunity he may never get again, so he wanted to take full advantage of it.
"They are pretty gross," he spat, "A good pair of tits should sag just a little. Yours hang way too low."
"You're right. I'm lucky you paid to see them, much less look at them. As a girl, my body is my most important asset, and I'm not really winning in that department."
"No, you're not. If I was hurting for cash, I'd ask you to give me my money back."
"And I'd give it to you. I'm sorry you don't like my titties. I don't like them either."
"Have you thought of getting a lift someday? To perk them up?"
"I don't have the money to afford that. If I could, yeah, I'd probably do that. I'd do anything I could to be attractive to men."
"As you should. You said it yourself, that's all you're good for."
Chris nodded in agreement. Her pussy was soaked. All of this demeaning dialogue between them was making her body beg for relief.
Her breasts were an easy way for her to the negative attention her body craved.
"If I paid a little more, could I," Eric paused and cleared his throat, "do something to you?"
She wasn't sure how far he wanted to take this. She didn't even know how far she was willing to take this.
"What do you want to do to me?" she asked.
"I'd love to fuck your brains out, but I'm thinking of something else," he answered.
Everything Chris had done at her delivery job the past two nights could be grounds for cheating on Josh. She didn't want to do anything sexual to the guys to make things worse.
"Can I cum on your tits?"
The question hit Chris like a freight train. This was pretty extreme, but she wasn't touching him, so it wouldn't be as bad. She wanted to rationalize this, because she really wanted to do it.
"How much can you give me?" she asked.
"Probably a lot. I've been saving up," he said, with an evil grin on his face.
"Are you talking about money?"
"Oh, no, I was talking about something else," he replied, "I can pay you $60 to cum on your tits."
Logic, rational thinking, and principles had guided Chris' life up until the last two nights. Now, she's finding herself in risky situations where she could be hurt or killed just to betray the boundaries of her relationship with her boyfriend, Josh. She knew that everything she was doing was wrong, but she's tried to come up with any reason she could to justify her actions. She wasn't trying to justify them to Josh, but to herself. Josh would never find out. He doesn't know any of the customers she sees. Josh barely leaves the house. Her actions, while stupid, risky, and heartbreaking - were safe from Josh finding out.
She had made up her mind.
"Okay, you can cum on my tits," she answered, "Would you like me to get on my knees or lay down?"
"On your knees. Girls are better in that position," he replied.
"I agree. Girls always look better kneeling in front of a man," she cooed.
She knelt in front of Eric and surveyed the scene around her. His carpet was filthy as it had never been properly steam cleaned. Wrappers and other trash littered the living room they were in. The room also had a large amount of clutter - as he used the bare space in the living room as storage. Eric was a bit of hoarder.
The disgusting scene only intensified her arousal. Eric had insulted her womanhood and her body and now he was going to cum on it. This was unbelievably hot to Chris.
Eric pulled his penis out of his boxer shorts. This was the third time in her life that she had seen another man's penis. It was also the first time she'd seen another dick while dating Chris.
He moved closer to Chris and looked down on her as he rubbed his dick to get it hard.
Eric saw Chris' cute, round face looking up at him. Her big green eyes were gorgeous. She had the look of a girl who would never be caught in a situation like this. Chris looked different than any woman he had ever seen. She wasn't model, or pornstar, material. She wasn't even "hottest girl in school" material. Chris wasn't average either, given her unique body. This was a dream come true for an introvert like Eric.
Chris felt that he could use some encouragement to help him along.
"Please cover my big titties in your cum," she cooed, "I want you to shoot it all over them. I'm a poor, helpless girl who showed you the worst tits you've seen in your whole life. You should put me in my place by cumming on me. I don't deserve anything more."
It was working. Eric was more hard and his pace, and breathing, had quickened.
"You don't even know my name and you've got me on my knees in front of you - waiting to have your load on my big, saggy, disgusting tits."
"You're a fucking slut, you know that?' he spat.
"I do know. I didn't know before last night, but I learned that this is what I'm meant to do. I'm meant to please men and, if I can't do that right, they should be able to do whatever they want to me to make them happy," she replied.
Chris decided that she had had enough. She couldn't wait to get herself off any longer. She was sure that Eric wouldn't mind, so she unbuttoned, and unzipped, her shorts. She slid them down her bare legs and threw them behind her somewhere.
Eric couldn't believe that his luck was getting better. He looked down to see Chris stripping completely nude right in front of him. Her thong was discarded behind her as well. Now she knelt in front of him, completely nude.
Her right hand went straight down to her pussy and she began rubbing her clit.
"You don't mind that I'm playing with my pussy, do you? I need to get off so bad and the thought of you dumping your cum on me was too much for me," she said.
"Play with your fucking pussy," he barked.
"Please make fun of me," she pleaded.
"You're a stupid fucking bitch. I can't believe you'd take my money to see those nasty tits."
"They are nasty. I'm so sorry for them. My body is awful and I'm just grateful you're even looking at it at all. I'm surprised you're able to get hard after you've seen my tits."
Eric was pumping faster and faster.
"Two guys at the beginning of my shift said they were some of the worst tits they'd ever seen. I only hope that my body has other uses or what good am I? I shouldn't even exist if I can't please men."
"You'd be fucking useless if you can't do that. You'd be better off in the river," he snapped.
His tone was getting dark, but instead of being offended, she was getting more turned on.
"My whole life has been a lie until now. I was such a stupid, worthless bitch that I didn't know that this was my calling in life. I deliver pizzas now just so I can please all the men I see. That's what I should be doing with my existence. I shouldn't go to school or have any hopes or dreams."
"No. Your fucking use on this earth is to be my cum rag tonight. I'm going to jerk off on your big, nasty fucking jugs and you're going to leave it there. You're not going to clean it off. When I'm done, you're going to get dressed and leave my cum on you, you piece of trash."
Chris was getting close to her first orgasm in a very long time - and it was long overdue. Her moans were becoming louder and louder and she didn't care who heard them.
"Please cum all over me, sir. I want all of your warm cum on my body," she said, feverishly rubbing her pussy.
"Nasty sluts like you should have cum on them all the time."
"Yes! We should! Again, I'm so sorry that you don't like my body. I wish it was better for you, so you'd have a prettier target for your load."
She was beginning to impress herself. This was the kind of dialogue she imagined pornos would have and she was picking it up without any problems.
Chris sensed that Eric was close, so she stopped playing with herself. She picked up her massive breasts and held them in front of Eric.
"Please cum on my nasty tits. Please! They're going to wear your cum on them all night!"
And with that, Eric shot stream after stream of warm cum all over her waiting breasts. Her enormous tits were striped with white cream. Eric let out a sigh of relief and pulled his pants back up. Chris remained nude in front of him wearing his generous load on her breasts.
"Thank you," she cooed, "I deserved that."
Chris stood up and walked around Eric's living room to find her clothes. In reality, Eric didn't think that her body was disgusting at all, but they both enjoyed him putting her down.
"I really think you're hot," he told her as she was getting dressed.
"Aww, thank you. I know that I could look better, but I'm happy that you enjoy my body," she smiled.
Eric opened the door for her as she walked outside in the darkness. They didn't say a word to each other again that night as Chris got back into her car.
Her breasts had the phone numbers of three different men on them and a load of sticky cum as well. True to her word, Chris didn't wipe Eric's load off. Some of it was visible, but most of it had dripped down her tits. Her bra was absorbing the rest of the unseen cum.
When she pulled into the backlot of Sal's, she counted all the money she earned that night - $435.02. She had never made that kind of money so quickly before. That was a little less than what she'd make working at the Fantasy Shop for a whole week.
That realization hit her and it made her think even more. She thought about much more money she could make if she didn't have to go to the Fantasy Shop four days a week. She could pick up more shifts from Sal and spend most of her time on the road delivering pizzas.
Her sexual awakening seemed like the solution to all of her problems.
Raj came out to tell her that Sal wanted to see her.
"Of course he does," she said to herself, "He wants to see what his money bought me."
Even though she had been exposing herself all night to complete strangers, the idea of showing off in front of Sal still frightened her. There was something about him that still intimidated her - no matter how confident she was feeling about herself.
"Come in," Sal snapped, hearing Chris knock on his door.
Chris entered his office and Sal pulled his head away from a pile of invoices to look at her.
"My, my," he said, "See? This is much better! You've been hiding that body and your potential."
"You were right. I should have done this sooner," she admitted.
"You like dressing like this?" he laughed, "I would have never expected that."
"I do. I've learned that, as a woman, that I should be showing my body off - or what good is it?"
That statement floored him. The cute, innocent, quiet tomboy was admitting to being nothing more than a sex object to men.
"Chris, you're finally getting it. I assume you did pretty well tonight and got a lot of tips," he smiled.
She looked nervous.
"I'm not taking your tips. Don't worry. You earned every cent. I think you're going to increase business around here, so we both come out on top in this deal."
She was relieved and smiled at Sal.
"Thank you for telling me to do this. I really appreciate it. I can't thank you enough."
"I'm sure you can think of a way. Someday. Tonight, I have to go over these fucking invoices, so go home. Get out of here," he ordered.
"T-thank you again, sir, I-"
"Shut the fuck up and leave, okay?"
His harsh, domineering tone was making her wet again. She didn't say another word to him and left his office.
As she sat in the parking lot of Sunnybrook, she pulled all her money out of her glove compartment and stuffed it back into her shorts.
"Shit," she said, "I'm still dressed like this. I can't let Josh see me like this."
She reached into her backseat and grabbed all of her old clothes, stuffing them in her Cicero's bag. She had an idea.
Chris left her car and quietly closed the door. She didn't want to draw attention to herself - or Josh, in case he was looking out the window.
There was a dark, wooded area on the other side of her apartment - right behind Zach's place. Chris slowly crept over there. She was hoping that the darkness and the coverage from the trees would give her the perfect place to strip and change clothes.
Once she was there, she slowly trekked down the small forest to find the best place to take her clothes off.
"Shit, shit," she said.
Chris heard commotion on the other side of the wooded area. She was going to have to be careful not to be seen.
She set her bag down on a rock, careful not to make any noise.
She kicked her shoes off and stood barefoot on the cold, wet grass. Her hands went for her shorts and she slid them down her legs. She folded them and placed them on the ground.
"No! Fuck that shit!" shouted a man in the parking lot.
Chris froze as her thumbs were hooked in the waistband of her thong.
She looked around and saw that there was more darkness behind her. If she moved, she could go to a safer place and not risk being seen by these men.
Grabbing her shorts, shoes, and her bag, she inched farther and farther away from where she was. She stopped when she had trouble seeing anything else. The only things she could see were faint glimpses of the parking lot's lamps.
Relief. Chris set her bag, shoes, and shorts down and peeled her thong off. She placed it on top of her shorts.
Now bottomless, she started to realize that the fear of getting caught was having an affect on her body too. She wanted to get dressed, but she thought about being naked just a little bit longer.
She wasted no time removing her tank top and her cum crusted bra - tossing them on top of her shorts and thong.
Looking around, she tried to see if anybody was close to her. When she felt that she was safe, she knelt down on the damp earth beneath her and laid down.
Her right hand began stroking her pussy. Her fingers feeling the wetness between her lips. Her left hand grabbed her massive tit and began squeezing it. She lay there, on the grass, playing with herself in the darkness.
Chris' clit was begging for attention as she rubbed it vigorously. Her left hand pulled her tit up to her face and her mouth latched on to her nipple. She began sucking hard on her tit, holding it in place with just her mouth.
Both of her hands were now working on her pussy. Her left hand dug three fingers inside her while her right hand massaged her clit. The combination of penetration and rubbing was bringing her closer to her first orgasm of the night. She hadn't cum at Eric's house. He had finished before she had a chance to get off.
This was her moment, laying naked in the woods under the night sky, beside her shady apartment building - playing with her hair pussy.
"Oh fuck, oh fuck, oh fuck," she said quietly.
She was getting close and she wondered how she would be able to remain quiet.
"You're a nasty fucking slut who's playing with herself outside," she told herself out loud, "You've exposed yourself all night to strangers. Strangers who didn't like your body, but still could have raped you - and could you blame them? A young, helpless girl flashing them at night. They would have taken you and fucked you so hard. They may have kept you and never let you leave. You would have been their nasty slut with the giant, gross titties. OH FUCK!"
If someone were paying attention, they would have definitely heard that last part.
"FUCK! God, I'm close!" she cried out. "I need this so bad. My pussy needs this!"
Her massive, pillowy tits splayed away from each other, spilling off the sides of her body. Her arms were buried beneath them as she continued trying to bring herself to cum.
"YES! OH GOD! YES! I'M CUMMING!" she shouted.
After she had came, she lay there, nude, basking in her afterglow. That was the best orgasm she had in ages. She felt guilty, but it had been better than anything she'd experienced with Josh. All of her teasing and the attention she got from all the men she met tonight had made her late night masturbation session in the woods even more enjoyable.
Chris slowly got dressed. After cumming, she was no longer in a hurry. All of her tension seemed to drift away. This was something she hoped she could continue doing. Nothing in her life had made her this turned on or happy before.
She put her Cicero's bag in the floorboard of her car's backseat and slammed the door.
Chris walked up the noisy stairs. When she reached the top, she saw Zach - smoking near the rail.
Zach saw her, "See? I listened."
Chris smiled and laughed, "Good. Don't need you falling. No one around here would even call 911."
He laughed and nodded in agreement.
"Did you ever find a girl to do your movie?" she asked.
"No," Zach scoffed, "All the bitches we had lined up for this flaked."
Earlier this week, she found the idea of Zach making porno moves in his apartment disgusting. Now, she felt genuinely bad for him.
"What was the movie going to be?" she asked, trying not to sound interested.
"You don't want to know," he chuckled.
Now she really wanted to know. She couldn't play coy any longer.
"Come on. Tell me," she said, playfully punching his arm.
"You're too nice of a girl for me to talk about these things with you."
"I'm not that nice," she snapped, "Come on."
"Alright, you asked for it," he said.
Chris waited patiently.
"Well, it's a gangbang movie. Our "actress" was supposed to be the only girl at a party and all the guys decide they want to fuck her - so they do. And there's nothing she can do about it, so she goes along with it."
That was the most sexually extreme thing she could think of it. It seemed disgusting and violent, but kind of hot.
"Wow," was all she could spit out.
"Told ya," he quipped, "You know, you could always do it."
Chris burst out laughing, "Hell no. In your dreams."
Zach grinned and rolled his eyes, "Hey, I tried."
"I have to get going. I've had a long day. Have a good night!" she said, before walking to her apartment.
Uncharacteristically, Josh was asleep on the couch. He was usually up and would sleep sometime in the morning.
Chris thought this was the perfect opportunity for her to get some sleep and avoid a fight.