Author's Note: This will be just a quick story as I did not have a lot of time, but this popped into my head and I wanted to get it on paper. Enjoy!
***
It had been a while since he and I had been together. Sure there was work, but all too often that is just in passing. "Hey, how you doing..." and life moves forward. Lot's had been going on in both of our lives, but today I got the chance to go see his new house! They moved in a month ago and have been cleaning, painting and organizing ever since.
I am going to skip the house tour and just share with you the fun part. During the tour we had some sexual teasing and innuendo, mainly around how we had not been able to have another performance. Just enough to get interest up and I thought that was it. We go through lulls in our teasing when life interferes, so I did not think much of this as it was fairly mild.
However, when it was time for me to leave, he suggested an encore performance. He said he was going to say goodbye to me, go upstairs to the bathroom for a few minutes, disrobe and then lay on his bed and imagine that first time in his office. He hinted that if I wanted to sneak into his closet and watch, he would be more than ok with that and that he would take his time so I had plenty of time to "sneak" upstairs. The afterwards, he would return to the bathroom to shower and I could "sneak" out and it would be like no one ever knew.
How could I pass this up? The silly things we do to justify a voyeur session to ourselves. So we said our goodbyes, I pretended to leave, and waited until I heard the upstairs bathroom door close. At that point I snuck up into the master bedroom closet and closed the door almost all the way. I could watch from the opening and he could not see me. I did not have to wait long and as he walked across the bedroom I could measure his steps by how his erect penis was bobbing. A shiver ran through me at the sight. It seemed he deliberately did not look towards the closet as he lay down on the bed propped up by the pillows under his head and shoulders. He must have known the best location to lay on the bed as I had a direct view of his balls and hand stroking his shaft.
As before, I admired the hardness of his shaft and the crown of his head. It seemed so big and I imagined it splitting my lower lips. There is nothing like that feeling when the head of a man's penis first splits and penetrates my lips. I was getting very wet by this point and started caressing myself on the outside of my jeans. Like the first time he must have been close as he stopped stroking and instead took both his hands off of his cock and just sat there looking down at it. It was bobbing slightly to his heartbeat. He spread his legs slightly, probably to enhance my view. I cannot believe how much I would love to softly grab it and take it into my mouth. The smoothness of the skin and the hardness of his excitement are a contrast that drives me crazy. He rearranged the pillows a bit so that he was sitting up a bit further and it was then that he looked directly into the closet.
As we locked eyes, I could tell he knew I was equally as excited as he was. I unzipped my pants, pushed them to the floor and go full bore crazy on myself. I am sure he can hear me, but by now I don't care. I continue to alternate between caressing my lips and inserting two fingers into my opening. My knee jerked involuntarily, hit the closet door and it opened just far enough that he could see me. His eyes locked on my hand and pussy and then he looked up at me. I was way ok with this. It was his eyes locking on my pussy that pushed me quickly over the edge. He was watching me and clearly enjoying it as he started stroking himself faster at this point and it was not long before he came and shot cum way up by his chin. While that was going on, I pulled my hand out of my pussy and licked every finger clean while his eyes watched intently and spasms of orgasm filled me.
After a few moments of lying there, he got up and went into the bathroom to clean up. I composed myself and snuck out of there. As I started my car I looked up and he was in the window looking out at me. He gave me a huge wink and wave and I drove off...