After a nice dinner my Psychologist wife said, "We need to talk." I just gave her a puzzled look and shrugged. She said, "I found your porn!"
Immediately I fell into a state of dread and started thinking. No, No she's going to try and fix me. I didn't think she would leave me because that could be seen as a professional failure. No, I'm in for the `rescue and repair' treatment. There will be endless hours of interrogations that won't be limited to a fifty minute hour.
She started in on me about her professional reputation and how the slightest hint of this kind of behavior would cause a major scandal and embarrassment. It would destroy the plush lifestyle that her income provides for us.
I said, "Come on! how the hell is me watching porn destroying your career and leading to the destruction of the life we've built for ourselves? you're an intelligent woman. I just don't understand! It doesn't make any sense". I was hoping to put her on the defensive and give myself some time to think.
What she said in reply had my head spinning for days. "You silly man", she said. "I don't care about your porn habits! I just can't afford to fuck some random men in front of my husband only to find out that I've been doing the brother-in-law of a patient. I'm more than willing to fuck and be fucked senseless by some men for your entertainment but it will be on my terms. When, where, what, and who I do is up to me and up to me alone. But I promise you that I will give you a treat that will last you a lifetime. But remember I will be indulging myself in enough debauchery to last me as well. last chance! are you absolutely sure you want this?" At that point my brain started to leak out of my ears and my cock began oozing. What the fuck just happened? Holy Shit!! All I could manage to say was, "Yes, yes, I love you so damn much!"
About a month or so later she told me that she formulated a plan of action for my wife-watching therapy. She went on to tell me about a guy a while back that would give a dog a hunk of meat and ring a bell at the same time. I jumped in and said, "Hell no. I won't have you treat me like a dog. No way. I won't put up with it".
"No, you don't understand. just hear me out for a minute." She said, "What I am talking about is called conditioned response. it works on us humans too. I will be the ringing bell and you can be sure that I will make you drool.
"let me explain exactly how I am going to do this and remember, you already agreed that this whole thing will be on my terms without any negotiating. you either accept my terms or you go back to jacking off over what other men's wives do for them. first,I will do this far away from here and not at a popular vacation spot. that should minimize the chances of running into someone I know. It will be a place where business travelers frequent. there will be the right quality and quantity of discrete men that I need for your treatment. just like Mister Pavlov and his dogs I have to subject you to the stimulus repeatedly in order to burn the conditioning into your brain. if all you did was watch me, yes it would excite you and give you some memories but they would fade after a while. I told you that this will be a one and done. I have to go about this in a way that will last and continue to produce a lifetime of results.
"What I mean by one and done is one treatment regime, not one individual encounter. I've done my research and concluded that I must expose you to the stimulus at least 30 times in order to successfully condition you. Then you will get an intense involuntary erection along with an untamed lustful hunger for me any time in the future that I `ring the bell' by wearing the lingerie and putting a dab under your nose.
"I've cleared my schedule for three weeks starting next week. I only have 21 days to make this work and 2 of them will be spent traveling and I'll need rest time between play dates. If I do 2 encounters a day for 15 days that makes the 30 encounters need to make this work. I need the flexibility because I want multiple men in single encounters for some spit roast and air tight fun. or I may have scheduled 5 men for individual blowjob performances across an afternoon. I do have everything arranged and planned out. I even have a few extra men on stand- by just in case some of the others ghost on me or if I get an unexpected itch. We might even have some time left for you to see the sights other than me.
"It is very important that I present you with the same visual stimuli to properly condition. so, I picked out some exotic perfumed oil. I also bought 15 pairs of identical lingerie. I am not spending the whole time washing cum out of one pair! the stimuli I will bombard you with will be the perfumed oil under your nose along with the sight of your wife wrapped in the lingerie as she morphs into a totally uninhibited self indulgent, cock sucking, dick humping, lust hungry insatiable slut. because I'm only wearing the same lingerie and using the same perfumed oil on you for each encounter, they will become associated with your raging hard cock while watching me being pleasured. I'm sure you won't even notice the changing faces of the men that I am entangled with at the time. at the beginning of each and every encounter, as you watch me getting dressed in my dirty girl outfit, I'll put a small dab of the perfumed oil on your upper lip. You will be basking in that scent while you film my lust drunk surrender and then afterwards as I give you a slow sensuous loving blowjob.
"Then, back home, after all is said and done, it's the time to reap the rewards. on occasion I will give you a special treat and dress up in that dirty girl outfit for you and I'll put a dab of that oil under your nose. It will trigger your conditioned response and give me your hard pulsing cock and your lust filled eyes to mix with my own conditioned response.
In addition to that I'll put a dab under your nose and have you watch one of my play-time videos to reinforce the conditioning by leisurely jacking off. "This will be a onetime immersion treatment that will last you a lifetime. I told you I'm only doing this once. So do what you need to do because we are leaving in 48 hours."
That was more than 20 years ago and the therapy treatment still works its' magic on me to this day. The reinforcement sessions help a lot too especially when she wraps her hand around my cock and regales me with her stories while she lovingly gives me a prolonged sensual hand job.