Jenny had warned Bob the day before, "Don't get your hopes up about this Mia girl, just because you can't pigeonhole her. You've hired some great ones before, but they're never our savior. She won't be either."
"I know, I know," Bob had admitted.
"I wouldn't count on a girl like that to be into Nude Day either, you know," Jenny had further warned, with that old playful glint in her eye.
"Then she doesn't have to participate," Bob had said with some firmness he rarely used anymore, and that was that.
But now, standing by his parked truck on the corner of First and High just inside the city limits of their dying little town, he wondered. Hadn't he maybe been holding out a bit of hope about this woman who was so unlike any of her predecessors?
Probably not really, he concluded, for even on paper Mia was the exact opposite of the type he'd always selected before. Which once again made Bob wonder just what had possessed him to hire someone who really didn't fit the bill in any meaningful way that he could see?
Worst of all, what would Mandi have to say about it? "Prep" was the word she'd have used on Mia for sure, and Bob could still hear her spitting it out like it tasted bad.
Mandi, the love of his life, had been gone for over a decade now. But the love of his life wasn't all the cancer had taken. Gone with her was the vibrant, mildly matriarchal community they had maintained so well for so long at their farmhouse five miles out of town. Her dying wish had been for him to give troubled young women like she had once been a fair chance. "Hire 'em for the summer, Bob, and see if they're cut from our cloth. Troublemakers, druggies, losers, it doesn't matter -- sometimes they just haven't found their tribe. I want you to help some of them do that, Bob!"
Bob was proud to say he had. Every summer since he'd gotten over the shock of losing Mandi, he'd put out the word among his network of hippies and assorted misfits all over the country that there was a job available for a young woman who needed a fresh start in life. All expenses paid including room and board at what had once been The Commune, and all she needed to do in return was work at the attached café and junk shop where he and Jenny, the last remnants of the commune, were the only permanent staff. He hadn't expected a great response to his first query, but envelopes had poured in from near and far containing essays about broken homes and dropping out and drugs and booze and abortions and worse. Always priding himself on not rejecting any letters for poor grammar or spelling -- he'd have had to reject nearly all of them if he had done that anyway -- Bob had taken each story seriously and had come to be an astute judge of whom he was best able to help with a summer at the commune.
Which had him all the more bewildered now that he'd hired Mia this time around.
Despite casting a wide net in his search and having few hard and fast qualifications for the job, Bob had long ago learned that nearly all his summer assistants fell into just a couple of categories: the druggie, the dropout, the chip on the shoulder. Lots of overlap, but they'd all fit at least one of those categories -- until now.
While most of her predecessors had barely made it through high school or dropped out, Mia had explained in her application that she was a recent graduate of a snooty private college (one Bob's own parents had encouraged him to attend decades before, but he'd lit out for California instead), and had weathered a year as a trainee accountant back in her hometown. On paper she sounded for all the world for just the sort of thing Bob and Mandi had spent their lives trying to escape from.
But her soul-baring essay, written in a melancholy sort of poetry-in-prose, had struck a chord Bob couldn't describe but could sure as heck feel. A star on paper, deeply discontented in reality, very much in need of a fresh start somewhere far, far away. And so he had a new category to add to his list: the prep. And he only hoped Mandi could forgive him.
The label fit, Bob saw the moment he saw Mia step off the bus: utterly incongruous to their rural setting in a sensible skirt and blouse, peering out at the scene through thick glasses, a sports-bottle of water in one hand and the other pinning an expensive-looking purse to her shoulder, nodding politely at Bob before she turned her attention to the young man behind her who was lugging her suitcase off the bus.
Mia had not seen a photograph of Bob before, but he was the only townie waiting at the bus stop and she acknowledged him with a smile. After thanking her helper with a cordial smile that tacitly said "no tip, and you're not getting my phone number," she turned her businesslike facade to Bob. "Hello, Bob," she told him, extending her hand for him to shake. "I'm Mia."
"Welcome," Bob said, looking up at the first assistant to date who was taller than he: 6'1" at least, triggering lovely memories of Mandi although she would never have worn Mia's preppy, girlish outfit. She was built - the kind of woman who had probably been called a beanpole as a teenager, but who had filled out at last. He picked up her suitcase to carry to the truck. "Let's get you to the farm."
"Before we do, is there a ladies' room around here?" Mia asked, gesturing to the sports-bottle clutched in her left hand.
"Not at this hour," Bob said. "The shops all have one, but they won't be open for an hour or so yet. It's only about ten minutes to the farm, though."
Mia looked back over her shoulder at the heavy woods across the street, and handed him the sports bottle. "Hold this," she said, and before he could express his disbelief, she was off across the street.
Bob set her suitcase in the back of the pickup and then averted his gaze towards the town square up the block, wondering if this was her idea of a joke. Evidently it wasn't.
"Thank you," she said on her return, taking back the bottle. "You'll get used to this, I promise," she added, waving the water bottle in explanation. "I drink alotof water. All kinds of health benefits to it, really. I pee constantly, but it's worth it."
"You didn't strike me as the pee in the woods type," Bob admitted as he unlocked the passenger door.
"I'm the do what you need to do type," she told him. "And when you drink as much water as I do..."
"With that attitude, I think you'll fit in very well in the commune," Bob said, though he wasn't looking forward to sharing the bathroom with her.
"The commune? Isn't it just you? And me for the summer?"
"Well, yes," Bob admitted as he pulled the truck out into the road. "Force of habit, I guess. It used to be a commune."
Used to be a commune. No matter how many years went by since the end of their glory days, that phrase never lost its melancholy twinge. That was but one of several reasons why he had taken to hiring a troubled young woman every summer. Since they were troubled, they welcomed the opportunity for a fresh start in the back-of-beyond countryside. Since they were from far away, there were no intrusive questions about the good old days -- and word didn't get out among next year's applicants about Bob and Jenny's observation of Nude Day every July.
And since they were women, they did justice to the memory of the commune. It had always been a mildly matriarchal community: the men were treated well, but the women always had the upper hand. Gentle though that hand was most of the time, all were aware of who was in charge. Bob had never begrudged it: he was always very much aware, after all, that regaining his male privilege was only a matter of driving into town. He had always taken pains to remind the other men of the commune of the same thing, and usually they had come to bear it just as well as he had.
Bob had shut the place down and let it fall into disrepair for a couple of years after Mandi's death, living as a hermit off his inheritance from his and Mandi's well-heeled families. But Mandi wouldn't have wanted their dream to die with her, and Bob wasn't done living - or giving. And so he had reopened the shop and cafe, and he had taken to seeking out one young woman a year who needed a fresh start in life.
Every year there was some hope that the latest troubled young woman would prove to be just the one to revive the tradition, but every year he'd had to concede she was not. Usually they'd jumped at his offer to take the weekend off when he told them about Nude Day, too. While his first impressions of Mia were positive, it already looked quite clear she was not The One either.
Clearly she was not the Nude Day type either. But Bob and Jenny would cross that bridge when they came to it; they always had before, and they'd always had a great time on the big day with whoever among their old friends was in the neighborhood then.
In years past, the drive back from the bus stop had usually been filled with comments from the new arrival - often very caustic comments about how much her life sucked. Not this time: Mia sat demurely in the passenger seat and gazed out the window at the serene country view that Bob and Mandi had fallen in love with a lifetime ago. "It's beautiful out here, but empty. Do you get a lot of customers at the cafe?" she asked as the signs of civilization receded.
"Quite a few tourists passing through," he said. "There aren't many other places to eat on that road. And then there's also a ragtag network of folks like me all over the country who know about the old commune, and just have to see what it looks like nowadays."
"Word of mouth, then," Mia said in a thoughtful tone. "Nice. I love the idea of a network like that, all over the place."
"It's not just an idea," Bob corrected her. "It's exactly what we are. Back in the day, my Mandi and I, we welcomed people from everywhere you've heard of and a lot of places you haven't. It truly was a home for us all." An awkward silence ensued, and so Bob explained, "Sorry, I do try not to go on at length about Mandi. The cancer took her over a decade ago, but she'd have wanted the dream to go on, you know?"
"I'm sorry," Mia said. "And I'm glad you hired me for the summer, too. The situation you rescued me from, well, you don't even want to know."
Oh yes I do,Bob mused silently as they approached the commune. His first impressions of her were quite positive, including and even especially her willingness to pee in the woods, but he still didn't get it. Just what was this 'discontentment' that had made this beautiful and articulate young woman work her way into his graces with just a five-page typed essay?
All he said for now, though, was "Thanks, and don't worry about it. I've had my time to heal and I know my Mandi approves of the way I've been pushing on since then."
He'd done his belated spring cleaning at the commune the day before, and was able to welcome Mia into a tidy and brightly lit old home that he could see she approved of. Upstairs, he showed her to her bedroom with its gorgeous view of the secluded backyard and the swimming pool he'd finally had cleaned up last week. "Back in the commune days, the most senior woman after Mandi always had dibs on this room," he explained as Mia set her suitcase at the foot of the bed. "It was coveted. The view here shows you why, I think."
"What if she was married?" Mia asked. "Did they get a bigger room then?"
"Her privilege if she wanted it, but usually they preferred this room."
"Her privilege only?" Mia asked. "Not his too?"
"Nope," Bob said with a sad smile. "We ran things a little differently here than the real world. It wasn't always easy for us men, but it sure was educational."
"Wow." Mia gazed out the window, giving Bob all sorts of prurient ideas that he forced himself to tamp down -- clearly she wasn't that type! Then she gave Bob a look that made it clear she was impressed with him.
"I will warn you, though, the bathroom is first come first served, and I also drink plenty of water," he said with a grin.
"I understand," Mia said. Then she laughed and added, "Good thing for us both you have plenty of bushes out there!"
Bob joined in on her laugh and then said he was off to prepare lunch. There was time for a shower after the long bus ride if Mia was interested, and she was.
He'd prepared tofu casserole for lunch, as her profile suggested she might be a vegetarian. "I'm not, but I do love tofu," she reassured him when she appeared in the dining room, her preppy clothes now gone in favor of shorts and a polo shirt. Looking around the rustic but clean room, its huge dining table populated now by only the pair of them, she said, "I can just imagine what this was like when you had a full house. I sure am sorry I missed out on those days."
"I think you'd have liked it," Bob told her, and he meant it, although he still hadn't figured her out. "Now, you don't have to start today at the cafe if you don't want to-"
"But I do!" Mia said. "I mean, thanks, Bob, but I did come here to work. I need to clear my mind and find myself this summer, and I'm not going to do that by getting lazy."
"Fair enough," Bob agreed, and he stood up and joined her at the sink where she had already set about washing her dishes. "You certainly don't strike me as the lazy type, though, Mia."
"That's because I am, underneath it all," Mia said. "I've been overcompensating for it since probably about the eighth grade."
"And it's gotten you a long way, I can see," Bob offered.
"Not far enough," Mia replied with a wry look.
And hence the discontentment, Bob mused. But he wasn't quite ready to broach that subject, or at least he didn't quite know how.
The house's side door opened directly from the living room into the back office of the café. "It's always pretty slow until just about now, and Jenny's sent the breakfast crew home by now," Bob explained. "We're the lunch crew for today. If you're wondering what this place used to be like, Jenny's the one to ask. She's been here forever. You're going to love Jenny."
"No doubt," said Mia, taking her first look around the café as they stepped out of the office.
Jenny, an inveterate hippie like Bob and looking every inch the part, gave Mia her usual friendly welcome that was just as enthusiastic for every new friend as for the old ones. "Well, hello there!" she exclaimed. "You must be Mia! You're going to love working here, my friend!" Heedless of the one lingering party of early lunch customers and of the fact that she'd never seen the younger woman before, she enveloped Mia in a hug.
Mia didn't appear to mind, though she didn't return the hug. "And you must be Jenny," she said with a cordial smile. "Yes, I do think I'll like it here. Bob's been great so far."
"He always is, isn't he?" Jenny said. "But I hope he didn't order you right to work on your first afternoon! Bob?!"
"No, I volunteered!" Mia reassured her.
Bob, who had decades of experience with Jenny, stood off to the side and admired the greeting in silence. Jenny's locks were now streaked with gray, but they were as lovely as ever in their long, neat braid which hung most of the way down her back. As much a relic of the commune days as Bob was, she was a more well-preserved relic - at least in Bob's high esteem. She eased Mia into the work in no time, and Bob was pleased to see the two women chatting it up between orders like a couple of old school chums.
He could see in Jenny's eyes that she was sure she had his number, too. On the first of Mia's several trips to the ladies' room, she sprung it on him as he'd known she would. "So you finally hired someone for a summer fling," she said with that mischievous grin of hers that she'd always used when teasing him about something back in the day.
"Jenny, no!"
"It's okay, Bob!" she reassured him. "I don't blame you at all. You deserve some fun after all these years. But she does seem awfully straight laced for that. Have you told her yet? About Nude Day?"
"It's not like that, Jenny! I hired her because she was a wonderful writer and it was time for someone different, that's all. Remember, I never see any photos beforehand, so I had no way of knowing she was so beautiful. Or that she wouldn't show up in leather and chains and smelling like cigarettes like the others." Jenny let a laugh escape at that, and Bob joined in. "And no, I haven't told her yet. I have no idea how I will, I don't get the impression she'll take it well."
"I could tell her if you want," Jenny offered. "It might seem less of a shock coming from a woman."
"I might take you up on that," Bob said. "But not yet, okay? We're just getting to know one another, and she might surprise us. Anyway, Jenny, I'm serious, I did not hire her to get in her panties. Or to see her without any."
"Okay, I'm sorry," Jenny reassured him. "I believe you, Bob, I know that's not your style. But I do want you to know, Mandi would have approved if you did. She wouldn't have wanted you to be alone the rest of your life, you know."
"I believe that," Bob said. "Yeah, I believe that. But I just - for so long, I didn't even want to."
"I miss her too, Bob."
Bob nodded and allowed a smile to grow as he saw Mia returning from the bathroom.
The afternoon and the dinner rush went by agreeably, with no chance for Bob to probe any further into his mysterious new employee's past. It was never wise to keep the summer's biggest secret for very long, so after the dinner rush he decided to tell Mia about his and Jenny's yearly ritual and let her know she was free to go elsewhere for that occasion.
To broach the subject, he steered her towards the most bucolic corner of the commune: the secluded back yard, shielded from the highway by a wooden fence and from the cafe and its nosy patrons by a brick wall. "This was always our private space," he explained. "Guests were welcome anytime in the house, but only the members, the ones we welcomed in completely, were allowed back here. It was our sanctuary. You're welcome to treat it like yours for the summer," he concluded, wondering if she had already guessed how the hippies she was no doubt imagining had been attired on those long-ago sojourns in the garden.
"It's beautiful, Bob," she said, gazing around the expanse of grass and trees and the pool at the center of it all. "The pool isn't very hippie-ish, is it, Bob?"
"Neither is bathing in clean water, but we all preferred it that way, we agreed when we had that put in. We didn't want a replica of Woodstock back here, you know."
"Were you there?"
"I'm not that old, Mia. I was only in grade school then, and nowhere near here."
"Sorry!" she grinned. "You don't look old enough, that's true. I can just imagine how much fun you all must have had back here in the commune days, too." Then she looked at him with what Bob could only read as a knowing glint in her eye, and he chickened out from telling her about Nude Day for the moment. Maybe there was more still to his new friend than he'd even begun to suspect.
The very next morning, while making his way to the shower, Bob discovered just how right he was about that. Amidst the usual summer sounds of birds and katydids in the back yard, he heard a splash in the pool. Expecting a stray dog or some such, he glanced out the window.
It wasn't a dog. It was Mia, wading knee-deep in the water and facing away from the house so she wasn't aware of her audience. She was stark naked.
Bob pulled away from the window -- he wouldnothave Mia thinking he was a peeping Tom, thank you very much! -- and did his best to tamp down the hardness he already felt coming on in his shorts. That was no use, he concluded promptly, and he was at full attention by the time he got to the bathroom. Giving up the fight, he closed his eyes and allowed the fleeting but lovely image of Mia's bare back and buns to wash over him as he stroked himself to a quick and hard orgasm.
Only when that was out of the way and he was in the shower did Bob get around to thinking carefully of what he'd seen. Did Mia know? Was it just a coincidence? Did it even matter? Would she even care if he'd seen her? Surely she realized he could have come out to the pool any time!
One thing was for certain: he'd misjudged his new friend in a big way. But he couldn't make up his mind what, if anything, to do about it just now.
He and Mandi had had a modesty screen put up to block the view of the pool from the back door, for the very purpose of protecting guests like Mia, so there was no risk of him seeing anything she didn't want him to see when he came downstairs. As he set about making breakfast in the kitchen, Bob made up his mind to pretend he hadn't seen anything.
Nevertheless, he felt a naughty grin come to his lips when he heard the back door open, and the thought crossed his mind that she might still be nude. "Mia?" he asked without turning to see her.
"Morning, Bob!" She sounded much too casual to be harboring any big surprise. Sure enough, he turned to see she was now fully clothed, her wet hair being the only clue as to what she'd just been up to.
"Made good use of the pool, I see," he quipped, figuring she could take or leave the bait as she liked it.
"I hope you don't mind," she replied, helping herself to a seat at the kitchen table and pouring some coffee from the ancient percolator he had set there.
"Not at all. That's what it's there for." The memory of many a skinnydipping party with the old gang flooded over him, though he still couldn't tell if Mia knew that he knew. He opted to let sleeping dogs lie. "Cantaloupe?" he offered, having cut a thick wedge from his latest one in the fridge.
"That'd be great, thanks," she said. "Thank God you don't put brown sugar on it. My mother's boyfriend does that, and, you know, gross."
"Couldn't agree more," Bob said. He cut a slice for himself and sat down across from Mia. "I've never even heard of such a thing."
"He and my mom, well, there's a lot they like that I don't get," Mia said. "That's got a lot to do with why I came up here."
Bob was only too happy to have the boat steered into safer waters. "You know, I have been wondering," he said as he poured himself some coffee.
"About what possessed me to apply for this job, right?" Mia intercepted. "I'm not the type, am I?"
"I'm delighted to have you here, but you're right, you're not," Bob said. "I hope you don't mind my saying so."
"Not at all," Mia said with a sad smile. "Honestly, Bob, I hoped we could talk about it before too long. I know what it looks like, a preppy gal like me with a fancy degree from a snobby school, who's got it all together..." She took a deep breath and gazed out the kitchen window at the blue summer sky over the wooden fence. "It's a great act, isn't it? That's just the problem, though. It's an act I've been putting on all - well, not all my life, but most of it. Since about the eighth grade, like I said. But it goes back further than that. I guess that was only when I learned how to play the prep, the schoolgirl, the smartypants. Before that, I was a lazy little brat who whined about everything!"
"In other words, a typical kid," Bob said. "That's nothing to be ashamed of once you've grown out of it."
"I don't feel like I ever really have," Mia said. "That's the problem! That's what I'm hoping to figure out while I'm here."
"Why would you feel like that when you've done so well for yourself?"
"That's the question, all right." Mia took a long drink of her coffee, and smiled as she looked Bob in the eye, clearly struggling not to laugh.
She must at least suspect that he knew, Bob thought. But still he kept it to himself. "Now, just what is this discontentment you wrote about, and is that the same thing you were referring to just now?"
"Exactly," Mia confirmed. She took a deep breath and continued. "Right, the lazy brat is where I left off. I was a smart kid, but I never liked school. I think that's because home was a little too comfy for me up until I was eight. We had a nice little three bedroom apartment, my parents and just me, in a really blue-collar town but I never knew that because the apartment complex we were in was a perfect garden spot. It was the garden of Eden, Bob, neat trimmed lawns, well-kept buildings, a playground I loved, and even as a little kid you could ride your bike all over the grounds and it was perfectly safe. It was only four blocks, but it seemed like the wide world to me at that age!"
"You moved when you were eight, and you never felt that comfortable in your new home," Bob said.
Mia looked surprised for a moment, then said, "You too?"
"Navy brat," Bob said. "Lived in Hawaii with my folks until I was six. No place else ever measured up."
"Then you know!" Mia looked for all the world like she wanted to jump across the table and hug him, but she also looked reticent about doing so. "But it wasn't just that we moved, it was the reason why we moved. Mom and Dad got divorced, and Mom got custody of me because that's the way it always worked back then, you know. And she never had a nice day after the divorce. Bitter and angry all the time, and she found a job in a new city that was just crumbling apart, and we ended up living in a duplex there just a couple of blocks out of the ghetto. And me, well...most of my friends hated school with a passion and didn't even try, and for a few years neither did I."
"That's the one way you're a lot like everyone who came before you," Bob said, rubbing her hand between the empty fruit dishes. "But it sounds like you grew up soon enough?"
"I just got tired of Mom yelling at me and putting me down all the time," Mia said. "I still hated school, but I finally figured out I was only making it harder on myself if I didn't start trying, you know? So I did. I started keeping track of my homework for the first time and almost always did it, and I joined the choir and the school newspaper, and yes of course I played basketball --"
"I guessed as much!" Bob laughed.
"And that was good enough to get into a great college, where I continued being Miss Goody Two Shoes. And had a couple of boyfriends here and there and plenty of friends, and an internship that landed me a boring but sensible job when I graduated last year. But, Bob, I want that same contentment I remember from those earliest days, and I've never once felt it. That's why I still feel like I'm playing a part, you know? And when I heard about this place, I figured it was worth a try."
"It is worth a try," Bob said. "I can't promise you're going to figure anything out, but you're in good company among other people who came up here to try."
"You mean the spirits of your friends who don't live here anymore?" Mia said with a meaningful look around the otherwise-empty downstairs.
Bob grinned and very nearly spilled the beans about what he'd seen -- but surely there was a more graceful way to bring that up. "Well, Mia, some of them come back for a visit in the summer," he said. "You'll be meeting them, and I think you'll be able to identify with them pretty well."
Mia's hair was still a little damp when they went on duty in the café. Jenny took notice right away. "I see you've discovered our pool," she said. "Did Bob join you?"
"My hair isn't wet, is it?" Bob pointed out.
"I didn't want to get close enough to look," Jenny quipped. Mia looked horrified until Bob's roaring laughter registered with her, and even then she didn't join in. "Oh, Mia, it's fine, my darling. Bob and I've been needling one another since before you were born, my friend."
"Oh, that's fine." Mia did finally allow a laugh. "It's just, I grew up hearing that sort of thing all the time and it wasn't a joke, you know? Hard for me to get used to." With a smile as she tied up her apron, she added, "But it's great to see old friends who are that comfortable together."
"I'm sorry, honey," Jenny said. "Bob and I ought to invite you next time we take a dip. That pool has so many memories for us, I'd love to share some of them with you."
"I'd love that!" Mia said, revealing no secrets of her own swim that morning.
Bob was glad he had an excuse to face away from the two women at that moment as Don and Kris, a couple who'd lived at the commune years before but had since gone townie, came in for lunch. Kris was the first to notice him blushing. "Well, I'm happy to see you too, Bob, but this is ridiculous!" she said, and they all shared a laugh that caught Jenny's attention.
"Sorry," Bob said. "Long story. But it is great to see you guys."
"So is the big day on this year?" Don asked.
"He already said probably not, remember?" Kris reminded her husband.
"I did say that," Bob said. But with a furtive glance back at Mia, who was hanging up a tray of coffee mugs, he said, "But I think it might be on after all. I'll let you know for sure as soon as I know."
"Let 'em know what?" Jenny demanded as she arrived at their table with a pot of coffee and poured each of them a cup.
"That we're having..." Kris lowered her voice to a whisper. "...Nude Dayafter all!" She looked as tickled with the news as Bob felt to be delivering it.
"We are?" Jenny gave Bob a surprised look and then turned to look at Mia behind the counter. "Bob, are you sure that's a good idea?"
"Yeah, she really doesn't look the type," Don said, following Jenny's gaze. "Is this wishful thinking, Bob?"
"Surprisingly, I don't think so," Bob said.
"You don't think so," Jenny and Don repeated in unison.
"I'll explain later," Bob said. "But the answer is maybe."
Jenny reluctantly gave the same answer to two more townies who asked the same question during the lunch rush, and kept a close eye on Mia until her next bathroom break. "Maybe?!" Jenny said to Bob as soon as the coast was clear. "You think you're going to talk that girl into doing Nude Day with us?"
"I don't think I'll have to talk her into it," Bob said.
"Right," Jenny said. "You think she's going to suggest it?"
"Entirely possible."
"What on earth makes you think that, Bob?"
"That swim she took this morning?" Bob grinned at his old friend.
"Yes?"
"Let's just say her bathing suit never got wet."
Jenny giggled like a schoolgirl. "No!"
"Yes."
"What did she say when you saw her?"
"She doesn't know I saw her. I barely did see her. Honest, I turned away from the window as soon as I was aware, and she had her back to me."
Jenny had known Bob too long to think he could be lying. She gave him a look that was believing, but perplexed. When Mia returned from the bathroom a moment later, Jenny looked at her in a new light as well, and thought she detected a knowing look in the younger woman's eyes.
"Say, Mia?" Jenny asked the next time the two women found themselves near one another while busing dishes.
"Yes?"
"Are you settling in okay with Bob?"
"Completely," Mia said. "He really is a gentleman, isn't he?"
"You don't know the half of it." Jenny turned her attention to loading the dishwasher as she said it, so she didn't see the quizzical look on Mia's face in response.
Before closing time, Jenny elicited an invitation from Bob to come over for a swim the following morning, when it would be his turn to work the breakfast shift. Bob gave the same answer he'd been giving ever since the day Jenny had moved to town -- "You know you don't have to ask me" -- but this time he gave it with a twinkle in his eye that Jenny wasn't at all sure she'd ever seen since Mandi died. She was tempted to comment on that, but responded only with a nod and a knowing smile.
Morning found Jenny still fondly remembering that look when she arrived at the commune. It was serene as ever in the midsummer sunshine, but too quiet by half; she wouldneverget used to that as long as her own wild days here lived in her memory! It was, in any event, perfect swimming weather, and that was worth the discouraging silence in the deserted downstairs as Jenny walked through the house.
Through the back door she could hear the sounds of someone already swimming in the pool. Bob would have had no objection to Jenny swimming nude, but she knew it wouldn't do to spring herself on Mia even if she were also skinnydipping. Besides, Jenny admitted to herself, she still wasn't quite certain Bob hadn't been putting her on yesterday. He'd been quite the joker back in the day, a talent that had occasionally gotten him in some trouble with the matriarchy.
She climbed the stairs and stepped into a vacant bedroom to change. As she set her backpack on the bed, it occurred to her: Bob was on duty at the café, so it must be Mia in the pool, alone. Here, then, was a chance to see if Bob really had been telling the truth. Jenny kicked her sandals off and stepped up to the window, which was open to a breeze that was blowing the old gingham curtains and giving her almost no hope of remaining hidden if Mia happened to look up from the pool. But then, did the silly girl really expect any privacy anyway?
Jenny stood as far off to the side as she could while still having a view of the pool, and waited until Mia swam up to the near end. It didn't take long to see for herself that Bob had been telling the truth after all. The glimpse was fleeting, but it left Jenny hungry for more as the lithe young woman twisted gracefully around just in time to avoid giving up too many secrets just yet. Two laps later, Jenny's patience paid off as Mia came to a stop and climbed out of the pool.
Having seen what she'd come to see, Jenny stepped back from the window and undressed. She had packed a swimsuit just in case, but decided not to wear it. Instead she put on a bathrobe and went downstairs to have a cup of tea and wait.
Once again she didn't have long to wait: the water hadn't even boiled yet before she heard the back door swing open, and she turned to see Mia, also swathed in a bathrobe. "Morning, Jenny," she said. "Are you here for a swim?"
"I am!" Jenny said, grateful that Mia didn't know the unmistakable look she always got with people she'd seen naked. It was a unique bond, a casual intimacy she loved, and she almost felt sorry for Mia's unawareness that she was now in the club. But it wouldn't do to let the poor thing know she'd been peeped on. "Perfect weather for it, isn't it? Want a cup of tea before I go?"
"Yes and yes," Jenny said, sitting down at the table. "You know, Jenny, I've been trying to imagine what this place was like back when it was 'The Commune'. Was it as great as Bob makes it sound?"
"Better," Jenny said. "Especially if you were a woman." The teapot was whistling, and she got down a second cup from the cupboard.
"Right! The matriarchy!" Mia said. "I...I can't imagine."
"You really can't, if you weren't there. But you know, it could be again, if we found the right bunch of people your age to join us and carry it on."
"I can only wish," Mia said with a wistful smile.
"You can do a lot more than that," Jenny said. "You can stay here if it feels right, and you can invite others like you. But it's really up to you, dear." She set the two steaming mugs on the table and sat down, quite forgetting to make any effort to hide that she was naked beneath her robe. But nothing inappropriate showed, she realized with relief after the fact.
"Others like me?" Mia asked with a wry grin. "I wish I knew some! Like I told Bob, that's why I wanted to come here. I haven't found my tribe, or my calling, or my anything."
"You sound just like me at your age," Jenny told her with a reassuring touch on her hand. "The rat race isn't for everyone, no matter how well-educated you are. And that's okay."
"It is tempting," Mia said. "I've loved it so far. But it must get awfully bleak in the winter."
"It wasn't when we had a full house here," Jenny said. "We'd have riproaring fires in the fireplace in there, and snowball fights out in the yard, and we had each other for company. Of course our parents thought we were wasting our lives 'buried up here', that's what my mother called it, when we could have been making a buck in New York or Boston or California. But we were happy! What more did you need, really?"
Mia looked ready to cry. She took a sip of her tea instead, and then smiled. "That does sound wonderful. If only."
"If only what, Mia?"
"If only there were others to share it with. The right people. But if I had any idea who they were, I wouldn't even be here!"
Jenny had to struggle to hold back a laugh as she said, "You know, Mia, I think you might find them right here."
"At the café, you mean? No offense, but it's mostly older folks who come in, isn't it?"
"Yes, it is. But there's an event Bob and I sometimes host here that always attracts some new people. We weren't going to do it this year, but I think he's reconsidering."
"An event. Like a party? Okay, but how will I see who is and isn't right for our gang?"
Jenny did her best to disguise her laugh as a cough. "Sorry! A little went down the wrong way! You'll see, though, Mia, I promise you'll see."
She had Mia somewhat mollified, if not exactly convinced, by the time they'd finished their tea. "See you on the lunch rush, then?" she asked as she set the mugs in the sink.
"Sure," Mia said. "I'm going to get washed up for that now. I don't want to smell like chlorine for the afternoon."
"Oh, gosh, I should've let you shower first," Jenny said. Then, taking all her resolve to tamp down a mischievous grin, she added, "Or at least change out of your swimsuit."
"Oh, well, yeah, it is feeling a little clammy in here," Mia stammered, and promptly she was late for the stairs.
Jenny let out a cathartic laugh as soon as the coast was clear. Then she strode out to the backyard and, careful to choose a spot at the far end of the pool where she knew she'd be visible from upstairs, she took her robe off. Tempting though it was to play coy, she turned and faced the house. Hands on hips and legs spread a bit, she stood proudly nude for a minute or more.
If any expectation of privacy was utterly fake, Jenny's smile was genuine. The sun felt marvelous on every inch of her body, the prospect of much more of this for the summer was palpable, and Mia was her first real hope of a next generation to carry on their dream in far too long. Jenny was tempted to look up and let Mia know, if she was looking, that her gaze was most welcome. But she opted to let the mystery be for now.
"Your summer help has luscious breasts," Jenny informed Bob a couple of hours later while Mia was in the bathroom.
"You snuck a peek too, did you?"
"Yes, and I also had a very nice conversation with her. Bob, I think she could really be the one."
"What did she say about the skinnydipping?"
"Nothing. I handled that the same way you did."
"So she still doesn't know that we know," Bob mused. "Well, I'll tell you what, I sent out some invitations last night, it's officially on again, but we're going to have to tell her."
"Bob, she's been going out there stark naked without even bothering to lock the screen door! I think it's safe to assume she won't mind."
"She still doesn't know that we know, does she?" Bob countered. "It's one thing to go out there on her own, but a whole backyard full of us? No, we've got to tell her and give her a fair chance to be elsewhere that day if she wants."
"Just how do you plan to ask her?" Jenny asked. "We never did think of a polite way to do that with any of them, did we?"
"There isn't one," Bob said. "But I've got an idea."
The ladies' room door swung open before he could tell Jenny his idea, so Jenny was left to wonder for an hour and a half before Mia excused herself again. "Now then," she demanded of Bob as soon as they had a moment alone behind the cash register.
"Simple," Bob said. "We're going to break her in easy."
He gave a quick explanation, and Jenny loved it.
But they were forced to put their plan on hold, for a summer storm hit them hard later that afternoon. For three days the clouds were ever threatening, often pouring, and the pool was very much out of the question. Bob made the best of it, treating Mia to all the stories he could remember about life in the Commune that were family-friendly. Though he was sure she'd figured out that there was plenty of sex being had in those wild days, he managed to steer clear of all that as he regaled her with photographs and scrapbooks from the good old days, including plenty of sightings of himself and Jenny in much younger days. "Wow, she was so gorgeous," Mia said of one photo of Jenny in a flamboyant peasant dress, her hair even longer than it was now. "I mean, she still is, of course --"
"Thank you, Mia," came Jenny's amused voice from behind her.
"Jenny!" Mia jumped up and set the photo album on Bob's lap. "I'm sorry!"
"Sorry for what? You called me gorgeous!"
"And you are," Jenny said with a sigh of relief. "I just -- I was afraid it sounded like I was only saying that, and I'm not."
Jenny and Bob both laughed, but Bob felt compelled to apologize immediately. "Sorry, Mia, that sounds very sincere, really."
"Then why did you both laugh?"
"Because it's just the sort of thing we all used to say to one another, knowing the outside world would call it saccharine," Jenny explained. "But it wasn't, not with us. So call it a laugh of knowing. We know what it's like to feel that way and not be taken seriously by anyone else. Is that any part of this 'discontentment' that you complained about, by any chance?"
"You know, I hadn't thought of that," Mia said. "But yeah, I think it is like that. Something like that anyway." She looked around the cavernous living room with its old but well-kept furniture, most of which was present in the photographs from decades before, and then down at the pictures in the still-open photo album on Bob's lap. "God, it feels like I missed out."
"You didn't," Bob said. "You've got a future full of this if you want it."
"And we'll find out at this mysterious event you've got planned?" Mia asked, looking back and forth between them both.
"That's right," Jenny said. "And it won't be mysterious for long."
"Then why don't you just tell me?" Mia asked in a frustrated tone.
"We will, when the time is right," Bob reassured her. "Trust me, you'll be glad we waited."
It rained so hard that night that Jenny decided to sleep over at the Commune. After the trio had closed down the café for the night, they split a bottle of wine and watched a movie, and somehow avoided any more discussion of the mysterious (to Mia) plan. Mia was the first to retire, as soon as the credits rolled. "God, I hope the rain stops tomorrow," she said as she stood up and stretched.
"Me too," Jenny said. "I've been dying for a swim, I don't know about you two."
"Oh, me too!" Bob said. And a tacit look between the two old friends confirmed that tomorrow would be the day, if the weather cooperated.
Mia didn't notice the meaningful look, as the mention of swimming had her turning away to avoid betraying her own secret. She was utterly mystified as to how she had kept it this long to begin with! Would it be so bad if they found out, really? She'd even said she'd like them to join her -- but then, they didn't know she'd been going bare...did they?
As she undressed now, Mia heard Jenny's footfall on the stairs. She recalled that day in the kitchen, how she hadn't been able to see any hint of a swimsuit under Jenny's robe, and how brazenly she had lied about wearing one herself. It had been ever so tempting to look out the window and see if her suspicions were correct, but that just hadn't seemed right. Only now did it occur to Mia that perhaps Jenny or even Bob had spotted her -- but they'd both treated her with such dignity all week!
Why, she wondered, did it seem so unlikely that they could be aware of what she'd been up to in the pool and still treat her so respectfully? It was perfectly plausible, and yet...and yet it was none of what she was so used to back in the real world.
As she pulled her nightgown on, all at once Mia felt very touchy-feely. On a lark, she opened her bedroom door and walked down the hall to the room Jenny had helped herself to. She noticed with a bit of relief that it faced the front of the house, away from the pool -- but that also meant it faced into the wind, so Mia could hear the storm pelting against the windows before she stepped into view of the open bedroom door.
Jenny was buttoning up her pajama tops, having evidently changed clothes without shutting the door. When Mia stepped into view, she smiled at her as if they hadn't seen each other all day. "Mia! Hello!"
"Hi..." Mia stepped gingerly into the room, which she hadn't seen before. It was decorated with pastel swirls and an ancient television sit. "Was this your room when you lived here?"
"I wish," Jenny said. "I always wanted it, but...well, I never had it. I'm sure Bob told you your own room was the coveted one, but I never felt the need to be the big enchilada. It was enough just being among the matriarchs."
"It's a lovely room," Mia mused. "Tell me, did you choose it because of the way the storm is blowing?"
"How'd you know, dear?" Jenny sat on the edge of the bed and patted the spot beside her.
Mia took the invitation and sat down. "Because it's what I would do," she said. "Hearing that pelting against the window, and us safe and dry inside, it's..."
"Romantic?" Jenny suggested.
"Exactly!" Mia smiled in solidarity, but, feeling entirely too close to the flame of intimacy, she also stood up. "Well, I don't want to keep you up, Jenny..."
"Mia," Jenny said gently, also standing up. "Would you like to join me here tonight?"
"What?!"
"A just-us-girls sleepover, no pressure to do anything. We could hold each other if you want, but we don't even need to do that."
Though she yearned with every fiber of her being to say yes, Mia forced herself to shake her head. "Thanks, but I -- I think I'd better not. Good night, Jenny."
"Good night. No hard feelings." And Jenny's gentle smile nearly broke Mia's heart as she withdrew for the escape back to her room.
She lay awake in her own room for some time, castigating herself.Why did I say no? Why deny myself such a beautiful thing?There were no answers that she could find on the dim ceiling that was her only companion beside the rain outside her window. She did, though, resolve to be more open to the love and affection that seemed to be just palpable throughout the house. If she could.
"I fear I might have scared her off last night," Jenny told Bob bright and early the next morning over their coffee. "The moment felt right, but I guess it wasn't."
"All the more reason for a stronger dose now, maybe," Bob suggested. "I'll bet you've at least got her thinking now about where this is going."
"I hope you're right." Jenny stood up and tightened the sash of her bathrobe. "Are we ready?"
"I can take it if you can," Bob said with a grin, also standing up, and they strode out to the backyard where at last the sun had broken through.
Jenny dipped a toe in the water and confirmed what they'd both suspected. "It's a little cold for swimming yet."
Bob pulled up two of the five lawn chairs that had blown over in the storms. "Want to keep our robes on for now?"
"I think we'd better not, for her sake, don't you?"
Bob nodded his agreement, and as matter-of-factly as they could, they both disrobed. Jenny, as usual, found herself giggling like a schoolgirl as she took in the view of Bob's middle-aged body and was ever so aware that he was doing the same to her. "God, how many times have we seen each other like this, and it's still a little weird?" she asked, looking down as if to give her own body the once-over.
"I know," Bob said. "That's why I want to make sure we don't put it off any longer for Mia."
They sat down and were soon deep in conversation like the old friends they were, utterly comfortable and barely even aware that they were both naked. It never did take long for the shock value to wear off. They could both only hope Mia would see that as well.
There wasn't long to wait before they found out, although the initial report of the screen door proved to be a false alarm. It was Jenny who figured out why Mia hadn't come out. "She heard us and went back inside to put on a bathing suit," she said.
"If only she'd stepped out a bit farther and seen how we're dressed," Bob said.
"She's probably feeling especially shy after last night," Jenny said. "But maybe it's best if she eases her way into it anyway."
Sure enough, the screen door opened a few minutes later, and Mia stepped out from behind the screen in a red bikini. She looked very happy with the company, until it registered with her. "Oh my God!" She whipped around and stood stock still. "Bob, Jenny, I'm sorry, I had no idea..."
"Mia, it's perfectly fine," Jenny said. "If we didn't want you to see us this way, we wouldn't have come out here, would we?"
"That makes sense." Mia didn't turn around yet, but she appeared to be fighting a losing battle against doing so. Then, at once, she did turn around with no sign of apology in her eyes. "Wait a minute, does this mean you know I've been swimming...naked?"
"I promise we haven't been spying on you, but yes, we noticed," Bob said.
"You noticed," Mia repeated incredulously, still looking a bit angry.
"We noticed," Bob repeated. "No offense, Mia, but it is my home and it used to be Jenny's and she still comes here all the time to swim. Either of us could have come out anytime and caught you. Did you really think there was no chance of that?"
"I was willing to accept that if it happened," Mia allowed. "It's not that that bothers me. It's the...not knowing you saw me."
"I saw you just long enough to see what you weren't wearing and I looked away," Bob said.
"I admit I looked a little longer," Jenny said. "I'm sorry. But we were both hopeful that you'd feel comfortable joining us as well."
Mia allowed a smile. "Well...I sort of suspected you two and your old friends probably used to do this all the time."
"Not just used to," Bob said. "And you're welcome to join us if you want. Or not."
"But you should know, Mia, next Sunday is National Nude Day and we will be hosting an event here. You're welcome to join us or to take that day off and spend it in town or up in your room, but do be aware that it's coming."
"Nude day?" Now Mia made no sense to hide her pleasure. "Well, that sounds great, actually! Yes, I'd love to join in. Oh, really it's a relief to have this out in the open, that I've been...you know." She sat down in one of the other lawn chairs, still in her swimsuit. "And Jenny, about last night..."
"I'm sorry I pushed you too hard," Jenny said.
"No! I'm sorry I didn't say yes! That's what I realized, a moment too late, I really wanted to join you, but I just, instinctively...God!" she buried her head in her hands. "This is what I've been getting at with both of you all the time I've been here. Always acting like I need to deprive myself, pushing nice things away when I get them." Mia looked ready to cry, but she kept a stiff upper lip. "And here the two of you make it look easy to share so much."
"Well, looks can be deceiving," Bob reassured her. "We were just saying, we've been skinnydipping together for years, not to mention having Nude Day celebrations where we're naked together all day long, and it's still a little awkward at first."
"It's human nature to be reluctant to let your guard down so completely," Jenny agreed. "But it's worth it."
"I believe that," Mia said. Then, despite some visible lingering reluctance, she stood up and untied her bikini top. With an embarrassed laugh, she let it drop, and reached down to also pull down her bottoms before she could lose her nerve. Standing naked before her two new friends for the first time, she struggled to keep a straight face. "How long before it stops feeling so weird?" she asked, looking down at her body.
"Depends on you, dear," Jenny said. "But whatever you're feeling right now, you look beautiful." She stood up and offered Mia a hug; this time she was accepted.
"Thanks," she said, though her tone gave every indication that she didn't believe it. "You both look really good, too. Really."
"Thank you," Bob said, though he couldn't help thinking Mia was getting the raw end of the deal. His chubby, middle aged body couldn't very well hope to compete with her beautiful curves and long, long legs, or the graceful jet-black triangle where they met. "No need to pretend I'm sexy, Mia, really."
"I'm not pretending!" she protested. "Opemnindedness, being comfortable in your body...thatissexy! It's also what I'm trying to achieve here, because I've really never felt it in my life. What you and your friends used to have here, that's what I want. That's why I forced myself to come out here naked that first morning."
"Wow." Bob realized too late that he was staring at Mia's breasts and bush. Though she didn't seem to mind, he forced himself to look back up into her eyes. "Mia, how can you not think you're beautiful?"
"Ask Jenny," Mia said. "A woman will understand, trust me."
"She's right," Jenny confirmed. "And Mia, it sounds to me like our little abode here needs you just as much as you need it.
"What do you mean?"
"What you've just said you're looking for, and the way you're going about trying to get it -- that's just what we were after all those years ago. And for a while, we found it. Or really, we made it, for one another. All these years since we lost Mandi and the rest of the gang went their own ways, Bob and I have been looking for younger people with that same yearning and the same mindset."
"And it looks like we've found one," Bob said.
"Wow..." Mia was deep in thought.
"Don't feel pressured or anything," Bob said. "It's only one day, and it's up to you how you feel about it all.
"That's not what she's thinking," Jenny corrected him. "She's thinking of all the naked guys she'll be sharing the pool with!"
They all laughed, and Mia conceded, "True, I am."
"Well, don't worry, there'll be some younger and hotter guys than me there," Bob said with a grin, standing up to get in the pool.
"Bob, don't be that way!" Mia jumped up and hugged Bob. Then he had to get in the pool, and right away. He didn't mind Mia and Jenny seeing his erection, but he didn't want them to notice the tears in his eyes.
The three of them spent the morning frolicking about in the pool, all shyness wonderfully forgotten. Mia had never felt so free in her life, and soon her heart was fairly bursting with admiration and love for Bob and Jenny alike. "I'm already sorry I didn't just ask about this sooner!" she said at one point.
"It's not the sort of thing you ask anyone you just met, is it?" Jenny pointed out. "Don't beat yourself up about it."
Mia nodded and smiled in reply. She was too serenely happy to think of anything else to offer up.
When Mia inevitably had to get out of the pool to visit the bathroom (she beat Bob to the punch with a joke about how suspicious they'd have been if she hadn't excused herself), Jenny took the opportunity to ask Bob about what she'd noticed when Mia had hugged him. "She sure knew the way to your heart there, didn't she?"
"I never would've guessed just how perfect she is for us," Bob said. "Mandi would be proud."
"Mandi would've hated her, Bob," Jenny corrected. "Listen, I miss her too and I'm sorry to have to say it, but you know how Mandi felt about preps. She wouldn't have even allowed Mia in the front door, never mind the pool."
Bob nodded reluctantly. "Yeah, I guess you're right," he said. "It is about time I stop putting her on a pedestal, isn't it?"
"It's past time, Bob. We all know how much you loved Mandi, but she was human like the rest of us."
Bob gave his old friend a probing look, and waited for the inevitable crack about how Mia was too young for him. But there wasn't one. Jenny responded only with a look of tender affection.
They all showered together in the poolhouse when it was time to go to work, and for the afternoon at the café no one had a clue what the three staff had been up to together beforehand. Mia was absolutely giddy and struggled not to burst into laughter every time she made eye contact with Bob or Jenny, both of whom welcomed the change from their heretofore angst-ridden young friend.
When Don and Kris put in an appearance in midafternoon, accompanied by a younger couple, Jenny called Kris aside for a private word. "It's on," she said, and with a nod towards Mia she added, "She's one of us! Who'd have guessed?"
"Is she!" Kris looked as surprised as Jenny herself had been. "Our friends over there will be glad to hear it. I hope you don't mind, I told Karina there about it and she said they'd both be interested if it happened."
"Really!" Jenny strolled back over to the table, where Don was chatting with the younger couple -- an Asian guy and a chubby blonde, neither of whom Jenny could recall seeing before. "Hello," she said, "Karina is it?"
"Yes," said Karina, shaking her hand. "And this is my fiancé Eddie."
"Hi, Eddie." Jenny shook his hand as well. "Don, I hear they're interested in joining us next Sunday?"
"Very!" Karina said. "Honestly, I've always wanted to try something like that!"
"If she's happy with it, so am I," Eddie added.
"The Pinders are going to be in the area, too," Don added. "With Sandy."
"Little Sandy!" Jenny exclaimed. "But I guess she's...what, twenty now?"
"Nineteen," Kris said. "And finally over her youthful disapproval of Mom and Dad's lifestyle. It'll be her first Nude Day."
"Sorry!" Don said, recalling Eddie and Karina had no idea who they were talking about. "The Pinders are a couple who used to live here with us, years and years ago. They live out in Oregon now, but they're on a road trip for the summer with their daughter."
"They moved out when she started school," Jenny recalled. "It was a little much for a kid to be living in a clothing-optional house, that's what they thought. She got a little too serious about it and became a real prude for a while."
"Don't most kids get that way about their parents and nudity, though?" Kris asked. "Really, I never blamed her. But I'm delighted to hear she's learned to embrace it."
"Not enough youngsters do these days," Don said.
"It seems like we're doing well enough with that for a change," Jenny said with a look toward Mia, who was busy at the cash register.
"She's in?" Don asked in surprise.
Jenny nodded. "You're going to love Mia, all of you are."
It was Bob's turn to supervise the evening shift that night, so Jenny and Mia found themselves comfortable on the couch with a bottle of wine after dinner. The television was on, but neither woman was paying much attention. When Mia was quite sure Jenny was sharing her own lack of interest in the show, she turned to her and said, "I'm sorry, Jenny, my mind's just been elsewhere since this morning! Do you feel it too?"
"Maybe not as much as you do," Jenny said. "Because I've been living this life for decades. But I had a wonderful time this morning, too, and I'm so proud of you for fighting back against your demons!"
"Thank you!" Jenny turned sideways and drew one leg up on the couch, not caring in the least that Jenny could now see up her skirt. "But...could I ask you something, Jenny?"
"We've seen each other naked, Mia. You can ask me anything." And they both laughed.
"Thank you!" Mia let her own laughter die down before she continued. "You and Bob..."
"He was already married to Mandi when I came up here. When she died, he didn't want anyone else for years. I'm still not sure if he does, really. He's gotten over the loss, but I've never seen him express interest in any other woman." Jenny paused for a sip of her wine. "Honestly, I thought he might be hoping for a fling with you. But that only shows I didn't know him nearly as well as I ought to, the way he's been such a gentleman with you."
"Almost too much so," Mia confessed. "I'd love a bit of fun, honestly, and I admire him so much! But surely the two of you...I mean, I could see the way you looked at each other in the pool."
"We've been naked together hundreds of times, Mia."
"That's just it! You have, but you were still giving each other that look of adoration...I know that look, Jenny."
"Guilty as charged!" Jenny held up her wine glass and Mia clinked it. "You know what? Maybe this year. You've brought a lot of life back into this house, Mia, and into Bob. But let's forget about him and me for a moment. What did you mean by 'a bit of fun'?"
"I mean I really need to get laid!" Mia laughed. "Wow, I've had a lot of the wine, haven't I? But it's true. I haven't had a date in ages, and skinnydipping puts me in a mood, you know..."
"I do know," Jenny said. "Believe me, I do. Listen, no pressure, but if you're reconsidering my offer last night..."
Mia nodded her head and reached for the remote to switch the television off.
"No offense, Mia," Jenny said as they both made their way up the stairs, "But we both smell like potatoes. Join me for a shower?"
"I think I'd like that," Mia said, feeling the same wonderful tickle down inside that she recalled from showering in the locker room at the Y back home.
Jenny's huge breasts were impossible to miss, of course, but Mia had kept her mouth shut all morning at the pool. As Jenny pulled her top off and they both sat majestically at attention in her bra, Mia couldn't help herself. "God, I hope those aren't too uncomfortable," she said, unbuttoning her blouse so her own svelte 36Bs came into view.
"I've had them for forty years and change," Jenny said, reaching back to undo her bra. "I'm used to them. You just won't catch me jogging without a bra, that's all." She laughed and watched as Mia let her own breasts out. "But I do envy you a bit. So perky!"
"The feeling is mutual," Mia said.
"Come on, really?"
"They look like a lot of fun to play with," Mia confessed; her hands were itching to rub them. Seeing every indication that she was welcome to do just that, she reached gingerly for them and looked at Jenny.
"Go ahead," Jenny said. "Can I do the same?"
"Please do!"
Jenny's hands felt wonderful on Mia's breasts, but the supple heaviness of Jenny's breasts in her own hands was just divine. Mia wasn't sure which gave her more pleasure, but together they had her squirming in delight. "Oooohooo!" she squealed, flicking playfully at Jenny's fat nipples with her thumbs while rubbing the undersides with all her fingers.
"That tickles, but I like it!" Jenny said. "You have a lovely touch! Have you been with a woman before?"
"I've played with some online, but never in real life." Mia reached unbuttoned her skirt and pushed her panties down along with it, and eagerly welcomed Jenny's hand in her bush a moment later.
"I'm so glad not all women your age shave," Jenny said, running her fingers through Mia's dark, thick curls and stroking her lips lightly.
"Oh, now you're tickling me!" Mia squealed. "But it feels great!" She reached over and unbuttoned Jenny's pants. By the time she got them down, she felt Jenny's finger inside her. "Ohhhhhhh..." She was vaguely aware of Jenny kicking her pants and panties off, as she held onto her upper body for balance while her fingers stroked Mia into a wonderful lather. "Don't stop!"
Jenny didn't stop. She flicked relentlessly at Mia's clit while rubbing two fingers in a gentle but fast rhythm in her pussy. Mia's right hand found its way back to Jenny's breasts, and she resumed caressing them while savoring the beautiful sensation with her eyes closed.
She came with a yelp, and Jenny brought her stroking to a stop but kept her fingers inside her. "I haven't felt this in too long!" she said. "Let me enjoy it a moment longer?"
"Please do!" said Mia huskily as she tried to catch her breath. "And thank you!" She looked down at Jenny's pussy. "I'm sorry, Jenny, I..."
"I'll show you just what to do later," Jenny said. "For now, let's get washed off."
Mia had the time of her life washing Jenny off and welcoming the same from her. While rinsing the shampoo out of Jenny's bush, Mia got her first lesson. "While your hand is there, dear," Jenny said, and she pressed Mia's fingers onto just the right spot. "It's no different from rubbing your own clit."
"Do you like rubbing it directly?" Mia asked. "Mine is too sensitive for that, at least right away."
"Not unusual," Jenny said. "But yes, I like it direct, in light circles like this." She guided Mia's fingertips for a few rounds, then took her hand away and let Mia rub her into a tizzy on her own. "Oh, you're a natural, dear!" she sang out as Mia gave her left breast a lift with her free hand and went right on stroking her clit just right. As the hot water splashed wonderfully on her back, Mia wasn't sure what was the biggest thrill -- Jenny's husky moans, her stiff clit under Mia's finger, her deliciously heavy breast in Mia's hand, or their wet skins rubbing together everywhere. Mia eagerly kept up with all of them until Jenny came with a wonderful shriek.
Mia was impressed. "I wish I could be that uninhibited!" she said.
"I'm quite sure I can make that happen," Jenny said, and turning around she hugged Mia tightly. "Now let's get dried off and then you'll see."
Mia made no effort to hide her amusement at watching Jenny's breasts bouncing around as she dried herself off. She was delighted to realize she no longer felt a shred of the inhibition she'd been trying to beat down all week -- it was finally gone. Nevertheless she felt a slight qualm when Jenny saw her start to wrap the towel around her for the walk back to the bedroom and shook her head.
"We're leaving our towels in here," Jenny proclaimed.
"What if Bob's downstairs?"
"He's already seen you naked, Mia. And you've seen him."
"But won't he think it's...weird?"
Jenny shook her head again as she hung up her towel on the hook and opened the bathroom door. "Trust me, he'll be nothing but happy for you. Now, hold your head up high, you've got nothing to be embarrassed about."
Mia did as she was told, and forced a smile as she walked down the hall as naked as the day she was born. By the time they got to Jenny's bedroom door, the smile was genuine and she was feeling elated.
She did not, though, have the courage just yet to look over the banister and see if Bob was in fact in sight downstairs. So she didn't know, for the time being, that Bob spotted both women in their full glory and walking towards the same bedroom. She also had no way of knowing Jenny was right -- he was immensely pleased for Mia. "Good for them both," he said with a grin that nearly hid his envy even from himself as he went to get a beer from the fridge and tell himself yet again that his heart still belonged to Mandi.
"I guess I told you before, I always wanted this room when I lived here," Jenny said as she flipped on the bedside lamp. "You can see why. So spacious."
"You didn't want my room?" Mia asked. "Bob says that was the one all the women wanted."
"All but Mandi," Jenny said. "She and Bob had this room."
"Oh my God!" Suddenly Mia felt naked rather than nude, and she wrapped her arms around herself as if trying to keep warm in the hot summer night.
"Mia, it's okay!" Jenny ran over and took Mia in her arms. "Bob told me ages ago I was welcome to stay here. He said it was as good a way as any to pay tribute to her spirit by enjoying her space. He just didn't want to sleep in here anymore."
"That makes sense," Mia said, and she relaxed in Jenny's embrace.
"I don't think he's ever even been in the room since she died. But he doesn't want to leave it to just get dusty and old either."
"Well, I'm sure Mandi's happy knowing people are still making love in here, huh?" Mia asked, and she tightened her grip on Jenny's big body. She'd never been so intimate with another woman before, and it was a lovely change of pace.
"Of course!" Jenny didn't have the heart to tell Mia what Mandi would have thought of her -- or that she may well not have been happy about their dream living on in her absence anyway. Mandi had sometimes let her authority in the commune go to her head. But Mia didn't need to know about that. "Now then, Mia, are you ready to learn?"
Mia grinned and took Jenny's hand in hers and placed it on her vulva. "You tell me!" she quipped.
She'd been downright jealous of Jenny's uninhibited moans and grunts in the shower. But from the moment she felt Jenny's gentle fingers find their way inside her, she had no further trouble finding her own voice. "Feels so good!" she hissed, grabbing onto Jenny's elbow for balance.
"You certainly are ready!" Jenny said. She leaned in and kissed Mia's lips. Mia welcomed Jenny's mouth on hers, for she felt like screeching in pleasure at her stroking and then there'd be no keeping their secret from Bob. As Jenny rubbed her pussy to her distraction from everything else, Mia did her best to return the favor all over Jenny's breasts and sides. But she was much too lost in the throes of passion to have any chance at giving as much pleasure as she was getting.
Jenny apparently guessed as much, for she pulled back from Mia's lips and slid her fingers out and said, "Get on the bed!"
Mia did as she was told, wondering how Jenny would be able to reach inside like that at the new angle. Unless she was planning to...but Mia didn't believe she would.
She had only a moment to wonder before Jenny proved her disbelief wrong. Mia felt her heart flip as Jenny flopped down between her legs and dove in. "Aieeee!" Mia shrieked as she felt Jenny's tongue flick up and down her lips and across her clit. No man she'd been with had ever had such a magic touch as that! Once that first cathartic yelp was out, she longed to really let go. "Ohhhh, feels so good, I want to scream, Jenny. I want to scream!"
Jenny came up from air, but slid two fingers inside Mia again. "Go ahead and do it," she said. "That's what it's all about, letting go!"
"But Bob!" Mia whispered, trying in vain to keep from moaning loudly again.
"But Bob will be happy for you!" With that, Jenny went to town on Mia's clit again, sucking long and hard and teasing it with her tongue.
That proved a bridge too far for Mia, who let fly with a howl that she barely even recognized as her own voice. "So good!" she squealed. "Keep it up!"
Jenny did keep it up, rubbing her fingers in and out at an increasing pace, planting kiss after luxuriant kiss all over her vulva, licking her clit just enough to drive her into ever-louder expressions of joy, rubbing her hip and belly with her free hand until Mia lost control and came with a roar she was sure the neighbors could hear.
"You're a good student," Jenny teased, still rubbing her damp fingers through Mia's pubic hair; it tickled, but she loved it.
"Thank you!" Mia ran both her hands through Jenny's thick hair affectionately. "But there's no way I can do that as well as you do."
"Don't sell yourself short," Jenny said as she knelt up and lay back beside Mia. "You're a woman yourself, you know what feels good for you." She spread her legs. "Of course, you don't have to do anything if you're not comfortable."
"No, no, I want to!" Mia said. "Fair's fair, and if I can make you feel even half as much pleasure..."
"I know you can do it!" Jenny said as Mia settled herself between her thighs. Soon she felt Mia's warm breath on her vulva -- but nothing more yet. "If you'd rather not, Mia," she offered.
"No, I do!" Mia said in an apologetic tone. "It's just...I've never seen a vagina this close up before. I can't really look at mine like this, after all."
"That would take some serious contortion," Jenny agreed with a laugh. "Feel free to look all you want, and if that's all you want --"
It wasn't all Mia wanted. Before she could lose her nerve, she latched onto Jenny's clit and gave it a long, slow lick. She was rewarded with a throaty moan of approval, which spurred her on to more. She wasn't crazy about the taste but it wasn't as bad as she'd sometimes imagined, and Jenny's heaving and screeching made it all worth it. So did reaching up to play with both of Jenny's breasts, which she did with pleasant abandon while continuing with her kissing and licking.
She could have flicked at Jenny's plump nipples all night, of that she was quite sure. Even so, she was a bit relieved when Jenny came. "There it is!" she yelped.
Mia pulled back for a moment, but Jenny squeezed her thighs together and pulled at her head. "Keep it up!" she ordered, and Mia did, feeling newly turned on herself as she heard the fruits of the pleasure she was giving Jenny.
At last Jenny loosened her legs and Mia was free to plant one last kiss on her clit and retake her place on the other side of the bed. "That was beautiful, Jenny, but I'm sure glad you came when you did," she said.
"Sore neck?" Jenny asked.
"That's common, is it?" Mia asked, rubbing it.
"Probably every man who's gone down on you felt it," Jenny said.
"No one ever has before!" Mia corrected her. "But I think from now on I'll have to insist on it!"
Jenny laughed and hugged Mia, and then pulled back just enough to give Mia room to touch her. She took Mia's hand and placed it on her left breast. "You're welcome to play with these some more if you want," she said, and Mia most eagerly did just that.
Downstairs, Bob was glad he'd seen what he'd seen. It had given him a chance to come to terms with the sound of their lovemaking before he actually had to hear it. Hear it, though, he did, and it gave him the sort of heartache he hadn't felt since he'd stopped his crying over Mandi years before. What a fool he'd been to keep Jenny at arm's length all that time! But what was there to do about it now?
But he wouldn't be jealous, Bob vowed, as he went out to the kitchen to get another beer. What good would that do? Besides, who knew what sort of friends of friends might turn up on Sunday?
He told himself as much, but he didn't feel it. He didn't want a pretty young thing, he wanted Jenny. He wouldn't be jealous, or at least he wouldn't act jealous -- but he could tell already, it wasn't going to be easy.
Mia had breakfast duty in the morning. When the alarm went off, she lingered in Jenny's arms for a few minutes later than usual. "So tempting to stay right here, isn't it?" she asked.
"It certainly is," Jenny replied. "But we don't want Bob getting too jealous, do we?"
"You love him, don't you?"
Jenny nodded and couldn't hide her sad smile. "I don't think he's going to let his walls down for anyone anytime soon, Mia. I've been waiting a while now."
"What if I could knock them down?" Mia grinned, and pulled back the sheets.
"Mia, you're a beautiful young woman, but I've known Bob a long time."
"Maybe that's the problem?" Mia climbed out of bed and stretched, welcoming Jenny's admiring gaze on her bare body. "Sometimes we stick with what's comfortable even though it's not what we really want, you know?"
"I take it that's what possessed you to go skinnydipping that first time?"
"Exactly." Mia smiled and nodded. "And we know how well that worked."
"If you think you can get through to Bob, Mia, go right ahead," Jenny said, pulling the covers back up; she wasn't on duty until the lunch rush. "But I warn you, he's a tough nut to crack."
"Speaking of hard, you saw how he looked at me yesterday at the pool, didn't you?" Mia laughed, and to her pleasure Jenny joined in.
It was Mia's first morning working the breakfast shift on her own, and she thought she might have to call Bob for help sooner or later. But she surprised herself by getting through it on her own, and she was feeling as confident about her performance as she was giddy about last night when Bob appeared just past ten o'clock. "Good morning!" she said with the most flirtatious grin she could muster; she was bursting with pleasant embarrassment about last night and hope for tonight.
"'Morning," Bob said. "Looks like you made it through your first solo breakfast. Nice job!"
"Thanks!" Mia said. "I almost called you so many times, but...it all worked out in the end."
"I'm glad." And he was. But he couldn't completely hide his wistfulness or his envy -- he couldn't very well compete with her for Jenny, could he? As he took his seat at the corner table and watched her float around with the coffeepot, he wasn't sure which one of them he was feeling more jealous of. It was almost tempting to say he was bowing out of Nude Day this year -- how bittersweet to spend the day naked with the both of them?!
Mia didn't know all that was going through his mind, but she did notice he seemed just as discontented as she had written about being in her application letter. It was all too easy to guess why, even as she recalled what Jenny had said -- and didn't he belong with Jenny anyway?
All the more reason to do her part towards his letting her in, she vowed. So when there was only one customer left and his coffee cup was full, she took a detour by Bob's table. "Say, Bob," she said, "How about a swim when I'm off duty?"
"Jenny won't be able to join us," Bob warned. "She's on duty from lunch through tonight."
"I know." Mia grinned. "Just us, Bob?"
Bob nearly said forget it -- he did not want Mia's pity. But, remembering his vow last night, he nodded. "I'd like that, Mia."
It felt too good to be true, so Bob took a detour to his bedroom after the lunch rush. He was already hard with anticipation, and once again shy about his appearance. But he remembered Mia's reaction when he'd put himself down the other day, and as he undressed he vowed not to do it again. As he pulled on his bathrobe, he caught a glimpse of the photograph of Mandi on his dresser and gave it a long look. But he didn't let it stop him.
To his relief, Mia was settled cross-legged in a deck chair by the pool, reading a book and wearing a sunhat and nothing else. "Hi, Bob," she said with a welcoming smile as she set down her book and picked up a bottle of sunblock. "Do my back?"
"With pleasure," Bob said, pulling of his robe and setting it on the next chair. He lathered on the lotion and rubbed it gently all the way down to her buttocks, wishing he could touch her elsewhere. "This sure brings back memories," he said.
"You had poolside orgies, did you?" Mia asked, hoping to steer the conversation into juicier waters.
"Well...yes." Bob laughed. "I hope that's not too much information."
"Then I wouldn't have asked!" Mia turned around, and Bob found himself with his hands held expectantly just over her breasts. She looked down at them and he began to pull them away, but she stopped him. "It's okay, Bob," she said. "I asked because I wanted to know, really." Then she grinned. "And if you want to play with these..."
She drew his hands in closer, but he pulled back. "It's none of my business, Mia, but you and Jenny..."
"We had a beautiful night, but I'm straight and I think she is, too."
"She is, mostly," Bob said. "she had an occasional fling with a woman now and then, but she mostly dated men."
"Dated? Past tense?"
"We're older now, Mia."
"But still not too old for love!" Mia protested, and she looked unapologetically down at his hard cock. "No offense, but anyone can see that right now." She laughed gently, hoping he would join in.
He did, but he still didn't touch her or invite her to touch him. "You're beautiful all right, Mia, but I'm no dirty old man."
"No one's saying you are!"
"Thank you. Let's get in the water and I'll explain." He jumped in, still without having touched Mia anywhere but on her back, and she followed suit. Though she ached to hold him, she kept a respectable space between them as they shook their wet hair out of their eyes and stood chest-deep in the middle of the pool.
Mia was tickled to feel the water lapping at her nipples, which were hard, and she welcomed his gaze at them. "Now, Bob, it's just us and we've literally got nothing to hide. What's on your mind?"
"God, I sure do like the new attitude you've brought here," Bob allowed. "Here's the deal, Mia. I buried my one true love years ago, and haven't even been on a date since then. When you're alone for that long...it can be intimidating."
"Intimidating?!" Mia asked. "Bob, how can I be intimidating right now?" She looked down at herself and laughed again.
"You're not," Bob said. "I mean, not in the way you seem to think. It's more...Jenny's been my rock for a long time, she got me through the darkest days of my life, and I don't want to jeopardize that. And as for you, you're beautiful all right, but that's just it. I can't hope to compete with you or for you."
"You don't have to do either!" Mia opened her arms, then stopped short. "Sorry, Bob -- can I give you a hug?"
"Certainly," he forced himself to say, and he welcomed her embrace. Her strong young arms felt delightful around him, and all at once he knew the battle was lost -- and that was a good thing.
Mia was just as thrilled at the victory of his warm, wet embrace and his hardness rubbing against her leg. She felt him wiggling back and forth to brush it against her skin, and she giggled. "Don't keep that pleasure to yourself!" she warned.
"Oh, Mia, I could never ask you..." Bob's voice trailed away, and once again she saw defeat in his eyes, even as his arms stayed locked tight around her and his cock stayed nice and hard against her thigh.
"Bob, does it look to you like I'd say no?" she asked. "Remember why you invited me here in the first place?"
"Yes, and it looks like it was just what the doctor ordered for you," Bob said. "The discontented young woman is just a memory."
"Well, I don't know about that yet," Mia said. "But I feel like I fit here the way I haven't fit anywhere else since I don't know when. And that's thanks to you! And Jenny, but you too. The sense of freedom to be myself, and literally not hide anything - it's delicious, you know?" With that she reached down and stroked his shaft. "Mind if I play with it a bit?"
"More than a bit, if you're sure, Mia," he said, and he leaned in for a kiss, happily received by Mia. He moved his hands around front and at last she was treated to the fondling she'd longed for on her breasts, while she circled the tip of his cock lightly with her thumb, to his audible pleasure. "Ohhhh, that feels wonderful!" he said. "It's been too long!"
"Just how long has it been?" Mia pulled back for a serious moment, though she continued stroking him and welcoming his own lush caresses on her breasts.
"Since you thought boys were icky, at least," Bob quipped. "Even before Mandi died, she wasn't well enough for sex for quite a while."
"Oh, Bob..."
"Don't pity me, Mia, please!" Bob warned.
"Okay," Mia said. "But might I ask, don't you think it's time for you to have some fun again?" She squeezed his hardness and added, "Part of you seems to think so!"
"All of me does!" Bob confessed. "Honestly, Mia, as long as we're being so brutally open with each other, I've been thinking for years, Jenny and I...well, Mandi wouldn't approve, but there's plenty she wouldn't approve of. She was human like the rest of us."
"I think you and Jenny belong together too," Mia said. "Even last night I was thinking so."
"But as you can see, I'm awfully out of practice," Bob said, looking down at his hands on her breasts.
"Nonsense, that feels great," Mia said. "But you know, if you'd like to practice first..." She grinned.
"Let's get you on the pool chair up there now!"
Mia didn't need to hear it twice. She scrambled up the ladder and stood on the edge drying her hair as she watched him climb out after her. With her legs spread a bit, she felt utterly vulnerable - and she welcomed the sensation as he admired her. He had far less hair to dry off, and was already settled on the reclining chair when she set the towel down and shook her long mane out with a triumphant flair. She straddled the chair and his legs and sat down on his thighs, utterly and happily aware of her pink vulva peeking out of its furry cloak.
Bob gripped affectionately at her thighs and gazed between them, but didn't move to touch it yet, giving Mia a sense of frustration as she was now utterly hungry for him. "Are you only going to admire it?" she asked in a tone that was far sweeter than she was feeling at that moment.
"I don't want toonlyadmire it," he allowed, at last reaching in gingerly with his right hand and stroking her lips as lightly as a feather, tickling her and adding to her pleasant frustration; she shivered and laughed a bit but welcomed the touch. "It's just that...I haven't seen a vagina in so long, they're kind of a mystery to me at this point."
"I've had this one for twenty-three years and it's still kind of a mystery to me too," Mia said. "But don't be shy!" She lay her hand over his, so his touch grew a bit stronger - less of a tickle and more of a lush stroke, which was just what she wanted. "Ohhhh, that's lovely!" she said, hoping it would embolden him a bit.
It did. He pushed one finger gently inside her, and was thrilled to find her as wet as the pool. "My, you did want this, didn't you?"
"Not just that!" Mia exclaimed between joyous gasps and moans, which grew more intense all at once as he found her clit with his thumb. "Don't stop!"
"You're the boss on the commune," Bob reminded her with a grin. "Matriarchy, after all." He put his left hand around her back to support her, which freed her up to lean back and indulge thoroughly in his stroking, and she did.
"That's right, I command you to make me come again and again!" she grunted, now rocking in steady rhythm and periodically bouncing up against his left hand. Despite his insecurities, she wasn't at all surprised to discover his right hand clearly still knew its way around a pussy, and she welcomed the utter loss of control he was bringing on. "AIEEE!" she felt her orgasm coming a split-second too late to stop herself from yelping loud enough to surely be heard from the cafe, or so she imagined, and once the damage was done she no longer cared and she howled with delight for a good ten seconds. "Thank you!" she whispered huskily as she opened her eyes and relaxed.
"Thankyou," Bob said, holding his hand still now but leaving it clutched lovingly inside her. "It's been much too long since I've seen that up close!"
"And you're not done yet!" Mia declared. She stood up just enough to hover and scooted up a bit, and before Bob knew it she had him enveloped in her still-hungry pussy. "Ohh, so lovely, isn't it?"
Bob didn't even try to answer verbally. He wrapped his arms tightly around her waist and pulled her close up against him. It was a position Mia had never tried before, and she immediately fell in love with it - so deep within her and his chest close up against her to rub with her hands and breasts, all without being pinned down like when the man was on top.
She flailed at him with utter abandon, no longer caring who overheard, gazing dreamily into his eyes as he pulled her in again and again and lost himself in the beautiful sensation. "Gonna come!" she exclaimed before long. "You?"
"Soon," he managed to say.
"Do it, Bob, do it for me!" she ground harder and faster and pulled his hands around front and placed them on her breasts, which did the trick for both of them. She heard his roar of joy and felt his body tense up just before she came as well, this time even more intensely. She threw herself at him and clamped her mouth on his for a triumphant kiss, which lingered long after their bodies had come to rest.
"Still think you're out of practice, Bob?" she asked after a few minutes of joyous silence (which was enough for her to note that she couldn't hear anything from the cafe, so most likely they hadn't heard her moans).
"You're a fine tutor, Mia," Bob said.
"And Jenny is one lucky lady," Mia said as she finally pulled back and got to her feet. "Honestly, I envy you both."
"There'll be some guys closer to your own age here, you know," Bob said with a twinkle in his eye. "If you're looking."
"I think maybe I am," Mia admitted.
They were showered and dressed in plenty of time for the dinner rush, throughout which Mia was dying to know if Jenny had figured out what they'd been up to. But of course none spoke of it in front of the customers, nor did Mia detect any sign that Jenny was treating her any differently when she came back from her two bathroom breaks. None of that stopped her from the bittersweet awareness that Bob and Jenny were so clearly meant to be together. Mia would, she mused while taking orders, never be the least bit discontented again if she were ever to fall in love with an old friend like they were to each other!
One major revelation did occur towards the end of the dinner rush, however. Mia was pouring wine behind the counter when she heard a shriek of joy from Jenny. "It'syou!" she exclaimed. "Bob, look who's here!"
Mia looked up to see Bob hugging a middle-aged woman and shaking hands with her husband. "I had no idea you'd be in town!" Bob was saying. The woman had dark red curls - clearly dyed, but Mia thought she wore it well - and the man looked ruddy and well-kept for his age, but Mia's attention was immediately drawn to their young companion. He looked about her own age, had a spiffy short haircut and looked poured into the black t-shirt he was wearing, which seemed to ripple with his toned muscles. Her first thought was that he was their son, but Bob didn't seem to know him. "Hi," he said, shaking the hunk's hand. "I'm Bob."
"I'm Taso," said the young man. "I volunteered at the clinic with Nancy here and she said I just had to come see where they used to live."
Mia had delivered her drinks by then, and made a beeline for Bob's old friends. Jenny saw her coming and made quick introductions. "Nancy, Leo, this is Mia. She's staying with Bob for the summer, and she will be joining us on Sunday if you're interested."
"Are you?" said Nancy. "Good for you! Bob, we weren't sure if it was even happening this year..."
"Neither were we," Bob said. "But Mia here has brought a lot of the old spirit back. We're both really grateful to her."
"Well, we'll all see you then!" Leo said; Mia had no doubt he was already trying to envision her naked, but she didn't mind as she was doing the same to Taso, who rewarded her with a grin.
"You'll see us tonight, won't you?" Bob asked. "Don't tell me you got a hotel room! You've always got a bed here. You too, Taso."
"We didn't want to just show up unannounced," Nancy explained. "Especially when we didn't even know if it was going to happen."
"But we haven't got a room yet," Leo said. "So if you're sure it's all right..."
"Of course it is!" Bob said.
"But first, sit down and have some dinner," Jenny ordered.
"Can I get you a drink to start?" Mia asked, barely remembering to look at all three of them as she said it.
The last hour before closing crawled by for Mia, knowing Taso was settled in the house and she could be chatting him up in the living room. At least Jenny showed no sign of jealousy or even awareness of what she and Bob had done by the pool. "You're going to love some of Nancy and Leo's stories about the old days," she told Mia as they cleaned up the last of the tables just before closing. "They were a mainstay here for years, and the only ones besides Bob and Mandi and I who always participated in Nude Day."
"I'm looking forward to getting to know them," Mia said. "Have you met Taso before?"
"Never heard of him," Jenny said. "But he'll be a welcome addition on Sunday, won't he?"
Mia, seeing it was all right, could only reply with a laugh.
"That's one thing you'd better learn about Nude Day," Jenny warned her. "Plenty of eye candy for us, the same kind of thrill men seem to get even when we have our clothes on, but 'look but don't touch' applies to us, too, okay? Believe me, I have to remind myself about that with Bob every year."
"Okay, Jenny." Mia couldn't bring herself to spill the beans about Bob - it just wouldn't be right - but somehow she was sure she could help bring them together at last. As for Taso, she had confidence to spare for a change. Just wait, she thought.
That night after closing brought little opportunity to flirt with Taso, regrettably, as Bob and Jenny were busy catching up with Nancy and Leo. Mia consoled herself with the pleasure of seeing Bob and Jenny side by side on the couch, getting along like the best friends they were, utterly comfortable and relaxed with their old friends, who had claimed Mia's favorite loveseat. Mia more than willingly settled for the armchair by the television, which was left off for once amidst the hearty conversation, while Taso sat curled up on the edge of the couch beside Jenny. She periodically made eye contact with him and got an encouraging smile while they mostly left the talking up to the old friends.
"You'd have loved Bob back in the day, Mia," Leo said. "Always the life of the party out there by the pool in summer."
"And in winter, the best snowforts you've ever seen!" Nancy added. "It was just the sort of life you imagined grown-ups having when you were a kid - we lived it for years!"
"Bob, I'll bet you could still do that," Mia offered with a hopeful flair.
"Maybe we'll find out this winter if you decide to stick around," Bob said.
"You're staying?" Nancy asked her. "Mia, that's wonderful!"
"Thinking about it," Mia said. "It's a comfortable fit so far."
"That's all this place ever needed, some fresh blood," Leo said. "Such a relief to hear there are still younger people interested. Where there's one, there's more, eh, Bob?"
"I sure hope so," Bob said.
"I know we're out there," Mia replied, daring a look at Taso. "What do you think?" she asked him.
"Well, it's a beautiful countryside," he said. "Nancy and Leo told me all about it on the way up and it's lived up to that. I've got to say, though, I'm a little nervous about Nude Day. We'll see what that's like."
"I think you'll love it, Taso," Nancy said. "We're all really accepting, you'll see."
"I'm sure I will," Taso said. "I'm just - a little shy, you know?"
"Perfectly understandable," Jenny said. "But you'll be surprised at how quickly you get over it."
In that moment, Mia knew just how she could help him get over his shyness. Though she didn't get a chance to talk to him alone for the rest of the evening, that didn't matter. She was feeling so utterly tickled with her idea that perhaps it was just as well, she mused as she retired to her room, where she had to get herself off three times before there was any chance of falling asleep.
The next morning was Saturday - the day before the Nude Day party - and Mia was on duty at breakfast. She was up bright and early, and her bladder was a dependable second alarm clock as usual; and she almost forgot her plan in her hurry for the bathroom. But she remembered just as she set her hand on her bedroom door. Taking a moment to listen outside the door, she heard nothing. That made it tempting to abandon her plan, but, she reminded herself, everyone in the house either had seen her naked already or would see her that way tomorrow. Mia bit her lip and pulled her nightgown over her head, forced a smile, and opened the door.
The walk down the hall was gloriously free if still a little nerve-wracking, and although the sight of one of the guest room doors opening startled her, she welcomed it nevertheless - after all, she didn't even know who was staying in that room.
To her pleasant embarrassment, it was Taso. Dressed in a t-shirt and shorts, his hair already somehow looking terrific if a bit mussed, he gave Mia just enough time to realize it was him before he looked up and realized she was naked. Gentleman that he was, he immediately turned away. "Ehhh! Mia, I'm sorry!"
"Taso, it's okay!" Mia stopped and looked at him, leaving every inch of her body on full display. "Tomorrow is Nude Day, after all. I'm just on my way to the bathroom to shower, so..."
Taso darted his eyes her way, then apparently realizing she really didn't mind, he turned and looked at Mia. "That's great, Mia," he finally said. "We should all be so comfortable with our bodies."
"I couldn't agree more," Mia said. "You can get there too, okay?"
As Mia was dying to pee, she couldn't stay and chat Taso up for long. But the few moments they did spend in his doorway were utterly magical. When she wiped her pussy after relieving herself, she was not at all surprised to find it was wet as could be. Before getting in the shower, she put one foot up on the edge of the bathtub and rubbed herself to a quick, intense orgasm. Tomorrow would be such fun!
Naturally, the day utterly crawled by. But Mia kept her chin up through the long shift at the cafe, during which she had little doubt that her show in the hallway had reached the ears of Nancy and Leo. They looked quite impressed with her when they arrived for breakfast a bit after nine.
Toward lunchtime the Pinders arrived. Mia was introduced to Cindy and Bill in turn, and finally to Sandy, a slim redhead who exuded a cautious wonder that reminded Mia of herself just last week. "So I hear this is new to you as well?" she asked Sandy as they shook hands.
"Yes, but I've been curious about it for years," Sandy said. "I guess Mom and Dad used to live here, and the stories they have...wow!"
"I've been hearing them all week myself," Mia said. "Can't wait to see how the real thing measures up!"
When she finished her shift after lunch, Mia wanted a swim. But when she got to her room to undress, she saw Taso in the pool with his trunks on. Not wanting to push her luck before the big day, she put on her bikini, laughing a bit to herself at the irony of feeling overdressed in it.
Nancy and Leo were also by the pool in their swimsuits, chatting with Jenny, who was wearing a bathrobe (and, Mia suspected, nothing underneath). "Hi, everyone," Mia said as casually as she could, as she took her robe off, knowing they were probably expecting her to be bare beneath it.
"You know, you don't have to wear that," Nancy said. "Just because we're holding off until tomorrow."
"Thanks," Mia said. "But I might as well leave it on." No need to tell anyone - not even Jenny - that she didn't quite feel comfortable being the only one to go nude.
Taso was as sexy as ever as he swam his laps, his muscular arms gleaming in the sunlight every time they came out of the water. Mia didn't say anything to distract him, but she was certainly feeling distracted.
"I feel tired just watching you!" she said when he'd finished and clung panting to the edge at the deep end.
"Best exercise there is," he said. "A couple of my buddies and I, we do this three times a week at the Y back home."
"I took lessons at the Y myself in high school," Mia said, amused at the memory of darting curious looks around the locker room while changing and imagining the guys from the class in their showers next door. "Those were the days."
"It's a great organization all right," Taso agreed. Without another word he hoisted himself out of the pool and collected up his towel.
Mia was careful not to look disappointed. She also did her best not to dwell on the chance that she'd pushed Taso too hard that morning. Once he'd gone inside and Jenny had finally taken off her robe to join her in the pool, Mia was free to let her mind wander elsewhere. She envied Jenny being nude and apparently comfortable with it even when Nancy and Leo also came in. She didn't dare ask them anything about Taso, and contented herself with getting to know his friends better.
With Cindy and Bill Pinder in the mix now, the conversation that night was even more boisterous, and Mia had even less opportunity to get to know Taso - or anyone else in particular. She did, though, exchange glances with Sandy a number of times and gather that she was probably feeling a lot like Mia was - out of her element among the old friends. Sometime past dark, but still too early to go to bed, Mia stood up and wished everyone a good night. "See you all in the morning," she said.
"You'll see all of us all right," Cindy Pinder quipped, to a round of laughter and applause to everyone - except Taso, Mia noticed.
She suspected Sandy would follow her lead, and she wasn't even all the way up the stairs when she saw she was right. Feeling plenty of solidarity with her, Mia said, "You're making your escape too, are you?"
"They're all great people, but I feel like a stranger in a crowd of best friends!" Sandy said.
"Me too," Mia said. "I guess that's just what we were, though. It's great to see Bob so happy, though. I've learned a lot from him since I've been here, about what this place used to be like."
"God, my parents never stop talking about that!" Cindy said. "That's why I finally decided to join them. I really want that sense of closeness they all had, you know?" She bit her lip. "But..."
"You feel funny about being naked with your father?"
"With both of my parents! I haven't even let my mom see me in my underwear since I don't know when. They both say I'm welcome to wear a swimsuit if I want tomorrow, but they'll both be naked. I don't know if I'll ever get used to that! How long did it take you?"
"I've never done it before," Mia said. "I'd never even heard of Nude Day before I came up here."
"Really?" Cindy said. As they'd been chatting, Mia had beckoned for her to join her in her room, and now they were both inside with the light on. "But I heard, this morning, with Taso..."
Mia shut the door. "I meant I haven't participated in Nude Day before. Bob and Jenny have been pretty flexible about going with or without clothes since I've been here. I do hope I didn't make Taso uncomfortable!"
"No, he seemed really impressed with you," Cindy said. "That's why I thought you must do this all the time."
"Nope," Mia said. "To tell you the truth, with Taso I was...well, flirting."
"Flirting with Taso?" Cindy looked surprised. "You don't know...well, I don't know either," she admitted.
"Know what?"
"Oh...a guy like that must have someone already," Cindy said in a clumsy tone. "That's all. Anyway, he was impressed with you, and so was I when he told us about it. That's what I wish I could be like tomorrow, just stroll in feeling just as comfortable as if I were fully clothed, you know?"
Mia couldn't resist asking. "Want to practice?"
Cindy burst into nervous laughter. When she calmed down and Mia was still looking invitingly at her, she said, "Maybe that's not a bad idea." Pulling her top out of her shorts waistband, she asked, "So are you into women?"
"Straight but curious." Mia barely stopped herself from spilling the beans about herself and Jenny, but that was no one else's business. "I've always had this thing for locker rooms, being naked there and showering with other people - I've always had this fantasy about a coed locker room and helping the guys wash themselves down." She laughed, having never shared that before. "And, I mean, women are beautiful whether I want to sleep with them or not, don't you think?"
"Too often I find myself comparing bodies with them." Cindy had her top off, and working through her evident nervousness, she reached back and undid her bra. "But your fantasy sounds sweet, even if I never really thought of that."
Mia followed her lead without another word, and soon they were sliding their panties off in nervous unison. Though she was rapidly becoming used to being naked around others, this was a new twist and she wasn't sure what to make of it.
Once they were naked, at first they just admired one another and laughed. "Mom and Dad say it's taboo to comment on other people's bodies at a nudist community. You're supposed to act just like you're wearing clothes. But I don't see how you can do that!"
"Neither do I," Mia admitted. "I guess it makes sense we won't comment on it...'hey, Cindy, nice pussy!'" She laughed, and then allowed a good look between Cindy's thighs - shedidhave a lovely triangle, dark and dignified, a bit smaller than her own.
"You too!" Cindy laughed. Then she turned and began strutting around the little room, one hand on her hip. "Really, aren't we all kind of showing off?"
"Not like that, I don't think," Mia said. "I think the trick is to look comfortable but not like you're showing off, even if you are."
"Were you, this morning?"
"Of course." Mia stepped up to the window, thrilled at the knowledge that she was readily visible to anyone who happened to be out by the pool, though she guessed no one was right now. "Don't worry, Jenny and Bob are great at setting people at ease about all this."
"They're not your parents, are they?"
"No, but my parents are nothing like yours, either, Cindy. I really can't imagine what it's like, but I've got to think at least they want you to be comfortable."
"Your folks wouldn't, I take it?" Cindy asked.
"Not even close," Mia said. "But that's one reason why I'm here!"
A tender moment came and went in which an offer could have been made, but Cindy slept in her own bed that night. Mia was glad to be alone because she didn't sleep much, with visions of Taso's hard, toned body dancing in her head. Nevertheless, she was feeling refreshed and raring to go when the sun came up on Nude Day. She lay awake with last minute jitters - but no real intention of chickening out, of that she was sure - until she heard a splash in the pool outside and knew she wouldn't be the first one to venture out.
With that in mind, she stood up and reached for her bathrobe...and then realized with a laugh that there was no need for it today, and with a nervous grin she opened the bedroom door.
Leo was emerging from the bathroom, also nude. "Looks like you've got the spirit, too," he said, looking just as comfortable as Mia was trying to feel. He gave only the most fleeting look to Mia's body before looking in her eyes. Mia didn't mind, because she was eyeing his body as well. She was pleased to see it wasn't just his face that looked good for his age. "How're you liking it so far?"
"A little weird, I've got to admit," Mia said. "But I like it." She spun around on her heel. "So freeing!"
"Just what we've always thought," he agreed. "See you outside?"
"Of course!"
And a few minutes later, after a quick stop by the dining room table where Jenny and Bob had laid out a continental breakfast for all, she did see him - and most of the others. Eddie and Karina were the first to see Mia as she blossomed forth. "Good morning!" Karina said with a welcoming smile that made Mia think she was more accustomed to this life than she'd imagined. "Mia, isn't it?"
"Yes," Mia said. "I'm glad you made it."
"We are, too," Eddie said. "Amazing how quickly you get used to this."
"So I've discovered." Mia couldn't help noticing Eddie was getting hard; she was flattered, but she pretended not to notice. She also had to resist the temptation to comment on how beautifully Karina carried her extra pounds. It would never come out right. But the day was off to a pleasant start.
Bob was chatting with Nancy and Leo by the pool, Jenny was on a lawn chair talking to Sandy's parents, and Sandy was in the pool with Don and Kris and a pair of young men Mia didn't recognize. As Taso didn't seem to be around, Mia decided to join them in the pool.
"Mia!" Sandy said when Mia splashed in beside her. "You made it!"
"Looks like I slept late," Mia said.
"No one blames you," said Don. "Bob's told us all how hard you've been working at the cafe."
"And he says you might be staying?" added Kris.
"I'm thinking about it," Mia said. "First, I wanted to see how today went."
"It's going beautifully from where I stand," said one of the young men.
The other one burst out laughing. "Subtle there, Mark." To Mia he added, "Go for him, though, girl, he's a sweetie. I'm Anthony, by the way."
Mia shook Anthony's hand, and was already putting two and two together as to why his body wasn't reacting the way Eddie's had. She was even less surprised to note that Mark's was, and her recent lusting after Taso notwithstanding, she was pleased. "Nice to meet you, Anthony," she said. "And Mark," she added, turning to him and welcoming his hungry gaze on her body. "I take it you're new to this too?" she asked him.
"Completely," Mark said. "But Don and Kris have been telling me for years about the good old days here. It'd be great if this place could have a community like that again."
"Mark grew up across the street from us," Kris explained, "And Anthony is a friend of his from college."
"We're both working at the country club for the summer," Mark said. "This is quite a nice change from that."
"Amen to that," Anthony said. "All those pretentious rich dudes in their golf clothes...this crowd looks a lot better naked than they would."
Amidst the laughter, Mia turned to Sandy. "How are you holding up with...them here?" She gestured to Sandy's parents.
"Surprisingly well," Sandy said. "Mom said she'd understand if I wanted to stay in the pool all day. I might take her up on that!"
"Oh, I'm sure they want you to be comfortable," Don said.
"I knew what I was getting into when I agreed to come here," Sandy admitted. "And I do see the appeal."
"I'm glad!" Mia said. "I do too, more than ever."
"You look like a natural in this," Mark said. "How long have you been a nudist?"
"Just a few days!" Mia laughed. "I'm finding that hard to believe, too."
"What?!" She couldn't tell if Mark was truly impressed or just acting it, but she appreciated his enthusiasm. "The way you carried yourself, all the way to the pool, I'd never have guessed it."
"You were watching me all the way over here, were you?" Mia asked, her hands itching now to play with Mark's rigid cock, but she kept them on her hips.
"It was lust at first sight, girlfriend," Anthony purred.
"He's just jealous because his boyfriend is late," Mark told her.
"The little brat had to call his grandparents in Greece," Anthony said. "It's their fiftieth or something."
"Your boyfriend's in town too?" Mia asked.
"Mia..." Sandy began, rubbing her back gently, but her clue didn't get to Mark in time.
"He works with that couple over there that Bob's talking to," Mark said.
"Taso?" Mia managed to keep the smile on her face as hear heart dropped. "He's your boyfriend?"
"Mark, I want some more of that fruit salad," Anthony said, grabbing his friend's hand. "Come on with me."
Mia didn't know how Anthony had picked up on her distress, but she was glad he did. As the two men retreated, Sandy put her arms around Mia. "I'm sorry, Mia," she said. "I kind of suspected it about Taso in the first place."
"It all makes perfect sense now that I know it," Mia confessed.
She was saved from having to dwell on it when Jenny joined them in the water. "Sandy!" she said. "Your parents are so proud of you!"
"Thank you," Sandy said. "I'm getting used to it."
"Mia?" Jenny said. "You're looking like it's not living up to your hopes."
"No, it's lovely," Mia said. "It's just...I just learned some disappointing news about Taso."
"Oh, honey, you didn't have your eye on him, did you?"
"Mark's nice," Sandy added.
Mia nodded and smiled again. "Love the one you're with," she said.
"That's the spirit!" Jenny said, patting Mia on the back. To Don and Kris she added, "Isn't she going to fit in perfectly here?"
"And how!" Kris said.
"You are going to stay, aren't you?" Jenny asked Mia.
"I think I am, yes," Mia said, sending a whoop of joy up from all the others. "Thank you," she said. Then, sensing an opening, she asked Jenny, "Now, can I ask you something?"
"Anything, honey."
"You and Bob..."
"Oh, Mia, that's never going to happen!" Jenny said. "Don and Kris can tell you that!"
"It's only the two of you who are keeping it that way," Kris said.
"She's right," Don added. "Mia, I'm glad someone finally suggested it."
Jenny looked up at Bob, who was still lost in conversation with the elder Pinders, then she turned back to Mia. "Are you going to give Mark a chance?" she asked.
"I don't see the harm in it," Mia confessed. "Now, will you give Bob a chance?"
"Mia, we've been friends since before you were born!" Jenny protested.
"And we all thought you'd have been perfect together back then, too," Kris said. "Mandi got there first, and he worshipped her, we all know that. Mia, if you've heard this place used to be matriarchal, that was mostly just because of Mandi's personality and Bob's willingness to go along with it. For the rest of us, it was mostly about equality and equal footing for us all." She turned to Jenny and added, "And that includes freedom to be with whomever you want to be with. Anyone can see how much you and Bob love each other. Why be afraid of it now?"
Jenny looked up at Bob, who was still deep in conversation with Sandy's parents, and then turned back to Mia. "Well, if you're willing to make a try for Mark, dear..."
"It's a deal!" Mia was more excited for Jenny than for herself, but she had loved the way Mark had looked at her and how obviously attracted he'd been.
Mia climbed the ladder out of the pool, returning the admiring smiles she got from most of the men who could see her - including Taso, who was standing just inside the gate with Mark and Anthony. Already she was wondering how she possibly could have missed that he was gay. His body was every bit as sculpted as she'd imagined. And just as groomed, too: he was utterly hairless down below, his thick cock completely bare. Mia couldn't hide her fascination, but she'd always preferred her guys natural and she was almost glad she had that to hang her hat on now.
Might as well face her disappointment head on. "Hi, Taso," she said, stepping up to them, mildly surprised to see him checking her out. "Glad you could make it."
"So am I," Taso said. "I see you've met my stupid boyfriend," he added with a grin.
"Do you think this coat of wax fits him or what?" Anthony asked, pointing at Taso's bare cock.
"It's an interesting look," Mia said.
"Hope you don't mind, I was thinking yesterday when I saw you like this, I could give you my waxer's number," Taso said.
"Taso!" Mark said. "Come on, that's rude."
"Oh, it's okay," Mia said, though she was a bit stung - she actually welcomed any reason to no longer be attracted to Taso, and he was doing a good job to that end. "I am a natural gal, after all." She even looked down and placed her hands around her triangle as if to frame it. "But I think the natural look suits me."
"It does," Anthony said. "Some women can pull off a big beaver, and you're one of them."
"A big beaver?" Mia laughed through her annoyance. "What decade is this again?"
"Guys, quit while you're behind, huh?" Mark said. "Mia, can I get you some iced tea maybe?"
"Sounds lovely, Mark." She was pleased to see Taso and Anthony take the hint and wander off by the pool.
"I'm so sorry!" Mark said as they sipped their drinks and strolled behind the poolhouse, to a secluded sunny area just inside the fence, which only just preserved their modesty from the world outside; Mia welcomed that mild danger as she viewed slivers of the neighboring farm and the highway beyond through the fence. "I love those guys, but you can see they can be awfully catty around women. Something about having been pushed too hard to being attracted to them, I guess."
"Makes sense to me," said Mia, who had her share of gay male friends. "I've known the type before." She chuckled and looked down at her body. "Kind of a kick seeing guys with less pubic hair than I have, really," she said - and even as she said it, she found her eyes drawn below Mark's waist to assess whether he was such a man. They looked about even to Mia.
"You do wear yours well, if you don't mind my saying so," Mark said, showing no sign of offense.
"Of course I don't mind!" Mia said with a shy laugh. "I've heard how at nudist camps you're not supposed to comment on each other's bodies, and the men are supposed to hide it if they get hard...but this isn't a nudist camp, not really."
"Then you also don't mind that I am hard?" asked Mark, taking his hard cock in his hand and flipping it about playfully.
"Mind? I'm flattered! And a little..." She reached out, then stopped. "Sorry, could I play with it?"
"If I can do the same."
Mia grinned and took his hand, and placed it in her bush. Then she helped herself to his hard cock, which of course grew even harder in her gentle, playful grip. She had dried off quickly in the bright sun, but there was no doubt one part of her was still wet to the touch. Sure enough, she felt Mark's two fingers slip in effortlessly. "Ooh!" she squealed. "Feels so good!"
"So does that!" Mark said, looking happily down at her hand as it rubbed him into a lather. He reached out his free arm and pulled her close, and their lips met. "Want to fuck?" he whispered between kisses.
"What does it look like to you?" Mia could barely get the words out amidst her joyful squeals from his fingering.
"Ever done it outside before?"
"Never," she said. "You?"
"Never outside a bedroom."
"First time for everythiiiiiiiing!" She drew out the last word as she found herself lost in the throes of orgasm, and grabbed onto his arm for balance. "Thank you!" She kissed him triumphantly. "Now lie down!"
"I have heard the women are the bosses here," Mark quipped. He did as he was told, his cock pointing skyward.
"Oh, none of that!" Mia straddled him on her knees and guided him effortlessly inside her. "You know you want to see my boobs bounce around and you want your fingers to play in here," and with that she took both his hands in hers and placed them in the wedge where their pubic hair mingled together.
"I sure do!" he agreed, and set about to fluttering his fingers about while she set in to rocking hard. His thumb found her clit in no time, and she let out a yelp at his first stroke on it. "And you know you want that!" he said.
"And how!" It was all Mia could get out as she was deep in ecstasy with his throbbing hardness filling her so delightfully and his fingers tickling her in the most delicious way imaginable.
She'd had it in her mind to try to keep her voice down with the party just on the other side of the poolhouse, but as she humped Mark she forgot all about that. There was no way she could keep from moaning up a storm, and who cared if they heard? Well before she felt the next orgasm coming on, she was howling uninhibitedly and egging Mark on. "Keep that up! Yes! Magic fingers!"
"Magic pussy!" Mark retorted with an appreciative laugh. "Ohhhngh, gonna come!"
"Not yet!" Mia bore down and rocked harder, and all at once she clutched her thighs tightly against his sides and threw her head back and yelped with joy. She was still riding high when she heard his grunts and felt his body go rigid as well.
Mia took a triumphant deep breath and sat back up straight. She felt magnificent in the noonday sun.
"How did you end up here, anyway?" Mark asked her.
"I was discontented." Mia couldn't help laughing as she said it. "Was," she repeated.
"Was," Mark repeated. "You certainly don't look that way now. Or feel it. You are going to stay, aren't you?"
"Can't imagine anywhere else I'd want to live," she said.
Mia's howls and moans had not gone unnoticed back at the pool, but no one had any thought of interrupting the tryst. "I'm glad someone's getting lucky," Bob quipped at one point, after Jenny had joined him again on the poolside. He couldn't hide his pleasure that it wasn't Jenny causing those noises this time, and grinned at her as he said it. "Remember how wild these parties used to get?" he asked Jenny as the Pinders took their leave to get some refreshments. "Looks like she's even bringing that back. For the youngsters anyway."
"It doesn't have to be them only," Jenny said. She took his hand in both of hers.
To her delight, Bob didn't recoil as she'd imagined he might. But he did look at her with concern in his eyes. "Jenny, don't tease me like that," he said.
"I'm not teasing you, Bob."
"What do you mean?" Now he did pull back. "Come on, we're like platonic life partners, aren't we?"
"I never asked for that," Jenny said. "Did you?"
Bob looked bewildered, but not unhappy. "Jenny...can we discuss this in private?"
Jenny looked down and saw he was getting hard, and she nodded and took his hand.
A few minutes later, they were seated side by side on his bed. Just as he sat down, he jumped back up and made for the dresser. Jenny knew why: there was a picture of Mandi on it. He set the frame face down. "Sorry," he said. "But some things never change."
"I don't want to try to replace her," Jenny said. "But she's not coming back, and...I love you, Bob." She stood up and hoped he might embrace her. When instead he stopped short and gazed at her breasts, she smiled. "You know, you're welcome to play with them."
"I have always wanted to," he confessed, though he kept his hands to himself for the moment and instead looked in her eyes at last. "It's marvelous what that girl has brought back to this house, isn't it?"
"Yes, and you know, she wants to see us together," Jenny said.
"Don't you know I know you slept with her?" Bob asked.
"Don't you know I know she slept with you too?"
Bob laughed. "That's a fair point. But no, I didn't know that. I confess, I really don't know if I was more jealous of you or of her that night. Not that you did anything wrong, of course. But it did make me realize I might lose you when I never even really had you."
"And still you didn't say anything to me." Jenny couldn't help being a bit hurt.
"I'm a fool, what can I say?"
"You're not a fool, you're just scared you'll spoil our friendship. I'm a little afraid, too, to tell you the truth. But having Mia here has brought so much joy back to the house. It's reminded me, some things are worth risking!"
"I like the way you think." Bob was back to staring at Jenny's massive breasts. "It is worth a try, isn't it?"
"Yes, and dammit, Bob, these are getting itchy for your touch!" Jenny propped her breasts up with her own hands and gave him a look that all but ordered him to caress them.
Bob laughed and put a fast end to years of longing by taking them in his hands. "So supple," he said in a voice just above a whisper. "Just like I always imagined."
"Your hands feel that way, too!" Jenny's smile was as welcoming as could be as his rubbing grew bolder and more self-assured. "Bob, you don't know how many times I've imagined this," she cooed as she looked down at his hands.
"You can see how I feel about it," he quipped, looking down at his rock-hard cock.
"No, Bob," Jenny corrected. "I can't see over my boobs thanks to you."
They both burst into peals of laughter, and promptly they were locked in a fond embrace and kissing like the passionate young lovers they had almost been so many years before. Any self-consciousness either one felt about their aging bodies was flung to the wind as they were flung onto Bob's bed. Jenny soon found Bob nestled between her breasts, kissing her right nipple and fingering her left one eagerly. Curse them both for denying this for so long, she thought, but oh! Was it ever worth it! She reached down between her legs and gave him a playful tug, which made him yelp, but he didn't let up on her breasts.
Just as Jenny was starting to get frustrated for more, Bob - as if reading her mind - gave her nipple a final long kiss and then slid down between her thighs. Jenny had just enough time for her heart to flutter in anticipation before she felt his lips lock onto her clit.
"Aouuuuu, Bob!" Like Mia not long before, Jenny had a fleeting worry of being overheard at the party outside and, like her, she promptly forgot all about that worry as Bob went to town on her pussy. A memory fluttered through her pleasure-addled mind of hearing Mandi make those same noises ages ago, which only intensified her joy at Bob's expert play now. Just how had he stayed so good at this through all those celibate years?!
But Jenny didn't ask. She was too wrapped up in lovely sensation to care.
When Bob had kissed, licked and teased her to three throaty orgasms, Jenny couldn't bear to keep all the pleasure to herself any longer. She pushed his shoulders down gently. "Thank you, but I feel so selfish here!" she said.
"No need to feel that way," Bob said. "We've waited so long for it, haven't we?"
"Yes, and I'm still waiting to have you inside me, aren't I?" Jenny looked at him through the valley of her breasts, with that look that had always made him take notice before.
It worked this time, too. Bob knelt up and climbed on top, and Jenny guided him in with her hands. "That's one thing Mia couldn't do for me," she quipped.
Bob laughed and tried to think of a creative way to say Jenny's vagina felt utterly different from Mia's - which it did - but he was too taken with the joy of being there to think of anything. Instead he just held still for a moment, nestled deliciously inside her and gazing into her eyes. "Worth every moment of the wait, wouldn't you say?" he asked at last.
"And how!" Jenny agreed, stroking his hair and leaning up for a kiss, not caring where his lips had just been.
He made love to her slowly, deliberately, as if this longed-for chance might be the only chance he got. Jenny breathed deeply and moaned her approval wordlessly, gazing into his eyes as he bobbed just above her. "Oh, Bob, so beautiful!" she finally said in the midst of one particularly long, slow thrust.
"I could stay in here all day," he whispered in her ear before sliding slowly outward again.
"Please do!"
Jenny didn't even feel her orgasm coming, so mellow was their pace. But come it did, just as he reached all the way in and lingered tantalizingly there. "Oooff..."
"Did you come?"
"Still am!" It was all the words she could get out, and all Bob needed to hear. He finally picked up the pace, thrilling to the look on her face as the sensation built up and crested as if in slow motion. "Oooooohhhhhhh!" she finally said as it receded. Bob didn't slow down, and Jenny wasn't surprised to see and hear him join her a moment later. He threw himself at her and remained still, buried deep within, as he came.
They lay together silent for a long moment, the din of the party outside still ringing.
"Please tell me we don't have to rejoin them outside," Bob finally said.
Jenny laughed and hugged him tightly. "I'm sure they'll know why we're not around!"
They lay together until nearly dinnertime, napping and chatting and reminiscing and talking bravely of the future Mia might bring to the commune. By the time they finally went back downstairs, the party was mostly over. Mia and Mark were still there, chatting amicably with the Pinders, and Jenny was pleased to see Sandy looked fairly comfortable with her parents now. "There were a lot of concerns about sunburns," explained Mia, who was herself rather pink all over. Bob and Jenny could see in her eyes that she was delighted for them, but she didn't mention it.
"We were just talking about getting some clothes on and going to town for dinner," added Cindy. "Are you interested?"
"Absolutely," said Bob.
"I see you've overcome your fears, Sandy?" Jenny asked.
"It's still a little weird," Sandy admitted; she was seated between her parents, but none of them were making any effort to cover up.
"It is for us, too," her father said. "But we're proud of you, Sandy."
"I hope you're coming next year, then?" Mia asked them.
Sandy nodded gingerly.
"And you'll be here, will you?" Jenny asked Mia.
"I'll stay on one condition," Mia said. "Let's have the pool always be clothing optional?"
"We insist," said Bob with a grin. "Upstairs, too. Jenny, if you want to keep my old room..."
"I want it to be our new room!" Jenny said.
All eyes were on Bob, and a whoop of joy went up when he nodded and smiled.