This will be the final part of the story, Tukiko Ch. 10, in which we find Tukiko and Masanori still at the SkyCity hotel. They have got back together again and realize they need to work on their relationship, including exploring their sexuality which is what this Part is about. Perhaps the main theme here is that they discover they both have a love for exhibitionism, particularly for Tukiko showing herself off. But notice Masanori tried it a bit too.
So now we are left with lots of possible spin-off themes; three horny women who want to be with Masanori; a young virgin who wants him for her first man; those other white couples Tukiko met at the beach; then maybe some stories doing more with Sayako would be a lot of fun.
But I have another project I want to complete first so after a short delay we'll return to find out what Tukiko has been up too. Until then, go read this story and the others if you haven't already.
Anne.
* * * * * * *
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The Boat Cruise.
* * * * * * *
The boat cruise was a highlight of their weekend. A trip around the harbour including a pre-ordered lunch. It felt funny being on a boat full of Japanese tourists because even though they were both Japanese too, they felt they were the only locals. But it was a beautiful day and the city looked great from the water.
After going through the Westhaven Marina, where they stopped in the sheltered waters for lunch, they cruised up under the harbour bridge. Going down the far (northern) side of the harbour they passed the Navy Base and Devonport. Rounding North Head, then went out towards the extinct volcano island of Rangitoto before crossing back towards the mainland again.
Tukiko and Masanori were standing up near the bow, watching the scenery go by. They were alone as the other passengers preferred the warmer comfort of the cabin. He had his arms around her and she was leaning back against him. They preferred the peace and quiet rather than the noise and loud voices of the other passengers.
As the boat turned to go back up harbour they were looking at the headland at the end of the waterfront. "I think they call it Achilles Point," he said. "Named after some famous battleship."
"Are those people nude there?" she asked him.
It was hard to make out any detail as they were so far away but it looked like some might have been nude. There were quite a few people there on what looked to be a smaller beach below the cliffs.
"That's Ladies Bay," he told her.
"Ladies Bay? Never heard of it."
"It's a famous nudist beach."
"I didn't know that."
They continued to watch as they cruised on past.
"But Ladies Bay? Why that name?"
"Because only ladies are allowed to get naked."
"No way! That can't be right." Then she grinned. "Maybe its only men naked so all the ladies can go and perv."
He leaned in closer so only she could hear and said, "I'd like to see you go to that beach."
"What? You mean I get naked too?"
"Yeah. I'd like to see you do that, Tukiko."
She had told him she had already been to a nude beach so she said, "I can do that if there aren't too many people there."
"You serious?" Masanori asked.
"Yeah, why not? I can get naked at that beach for you if you want."
"Oh wow! That would be amazing."
The subject was dropped after that but Tukiko was a bit surprised he had said that. She remembered the idea and thought perhaps she would do it for him. Maybe it also explained the DVD she had found.
* * * * * * *
Back at their hotel, they called at the reception counter to exchange their dinner reservations for another restaurant within SkyCity. When their new dinner coupons were issued, they were also given two complimentary packs of chips for the casino. Back at their room, Masanori discovered that each pack contained $100 worth of chips. Not much but enough to have some fun.
So that was their plan for the afternoon/evening. Play in the casino until their chips ran out and then go on for dinner. After that, they were booked for a live show at the theatre.
Tukiko stood watching Masanori feed two chips into a machine and heard him laugh. "Wonder how long it will take us to lose this?" he said as he pulled the lever.
Suddenly, a pile of chips began falling from the machine and Tukiko laughed back, "Maybe longer than you think." she replied.
He smiled as he began collecting them up to discover he had almost doubled his first $100.
During the rest of the afternoon, they each had a few little wins but mainly they lost until eventually, they were down to their last few chips. Since it was almost time for dinner, they decided to throw it all on one last round of Roulette.
"Give me a number, Tukiko?" Masanori asked her.
"Nineteen," she replied, that being her current age.
The wheel turned and the ball began to spin around a few times before landing exactly on slot 19. To their surprise, they discovered they had won. It was an even bigger surprise when they walked away with nearly $400 worth of chips. They cashed these in as they left the casino heading for the restaurant.
The meal was good and the show that followed was good too. It was getting late when they finally returned to their hotel room.
* * * * * * *
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Exploring Their Sexuality.
* * * * * * *
Tukiko was getting ready for bed. It had been a long day, a good day. A lot had been achieved in the rebuilding of their relationship. She was happy with the progress they had made.
Getting Masanori to help by unzipping the red dress she was wearing, she stripped ready for a shower. That is one problem with some of those tight, sexy dresses, they need someone to help get them off. But she was also very aware there was an upside to getting a man to help undress too.
"You going to help me in the shower too?" she asked him.
"Of course," he replied. "Wouldn't miss it."
She was happy with that. She knew how things had changed for the better between them. With her eager help, soon he was as naked as she was, heading with her into the shower room. As she stepped into the shower cubical and set the water, she noticed he had stepped in behind her.
Taking the soap, he began to wash her but she noticed his hands had gone straight for her breasts and stayed there, rubbing all over and playing with her nipples.
"There is more to me than just breasts, you know."
"Is there?" he said, acting totally surprised. "When did that happen?"
She gave him a friendly punch for being cheeky.
"Oh, violent woman!" he replied, rubbing his shoulder as if he had been seriously injured.
She took the soap from him and began washing him.
"Be gentle with me, violent woman," he said which earnt him another hard slap.
But he was looking down at her, watching how she carefully worked over his body, making sure she didn't miss any part. He was happy things were good between him and this beautiful woman. This weekend had shown him how much they loved each other and he knew he was doing the right thing by asking her to marry him. He was also sure she was ready too.
Tukiko stood up and leaned up on her toes to kiss him. What had been intended as a light kiss, deepened as he put his arms around her, pulling her against himself. He loved to feel her naked body against his, so smooth and soft. He loved holding her like that and was enjoying it then too. His hand ran down the long curve of her back, down lower on to the cheeks of her arse. His strong hand gripped her there, helping pull her up so she could reach him.
Tukiko was enjoying it too. Their lips were together as her tongue pressed against his lips so he opened to allow her in. Their tongues met in an erotic dance of love, the softness, the flesh of their tongues rubbing together, around and over each other.
Masanori had always found Tukiko to be a great kisser. She seemed to enjoy doing it and put everything into it. While not being a natural kisser, he had learnt to respond to her and enjoy the intimate contact. He also loved how when she did it with her whole body getting into it, pressing her nakedness against him.
* * * * * * *
After a while, they broke apart to continue washing each other.
"Why did you ask if you can watch me piss last night?" he asked her.
"Don't know. You had watched me so I thought maybe you wanted me to watch you."
"Well, I hadn't thought about me but I could do it now if you want to watch."
"We could try more than just watching," Tukiko added.
"Do you mean what I am thinking?" he asked.
"Yes, I've heard about that. If I kneel down you can do it over me. Just not my face or head."
"You really want me to?"
"Sure. We can try it. We are in the shower. It will wash away quickly."
"Ok then," he replied, again a bit surprised at her boldness, how she was willing to try new things.
Tukiko kneeled down in front of him while he held his cock pointing directly at her. She could see his body jerk as he tried a few times and then it started. First, a tiny squirt came out and then followed by the main flow. He pointed it down away from her face so it mainly hit her chest, running down over her body as it mixed with the shower water.
Tukiko was surprised at how much he had. She was interested to see how it burst from the tiny hole at the end of his cock to form a steady flow curving down over her. Her hands came up to rub it over her breasts. She even reached up and put her hand in it so his piss flow splashed over her fingers, hitting him a bit too. Eventually, the flow began so slacken and stopped.
She stood up and reached forward to give him a quick kiss on his mouth. "My turn now," she said.
Masanori was a bit unsure about this and hesitated until she encouraged him saying. "I won't get it on your face. Just your body as you did for me."
"Ok, then," he said as he kneeled down.
There he was, looking straight at her pussy. He has always wondered what a woman had looked like pissing until she had shown him the afternoon before. Now he was going to see her doing it again, from an even better position to view her too. He could clearly see her cunt lips beneath the forest of her pussy and knew she trimmed herself down lower, underneath.
Some piss appeared at her pussy lips. First, a tiny trickle that quickly developed into a steady flow, a lot more than last time she'd done it. As he had, she aimed the flow at his chest, hitting him and running down his body. He reached out with his hand and felt the force as it came from her. It splashed off his hand and ran down her leg as well.
"Look, no hands," she laughed as she stood with her hands on her hips, allowing her piss to flow where it wanted.
"You've got to use no hands," he replied. "You've got nothing to hold on to."
She laughed at that and said, "I can do this." Her fingers going to her pussy, pulling the lips wide open.
"I think that would make your aim even worse,"
"Probable does."
As she moved, a splash of piss hit his chin.
"Hey! I told you, not on my face," he said pulling back from her.
"Opps, sorry," she giggled.
Once she had finished, he stood up, taking the showerhead to rinse themselves off while she rubbed over with soap. With the shower water falling over then, soon all trace of their piss had been washed away.
After, as she was drying him off with a soft towel he said, "That is something I've never tried before."
"Did you like it?" Tukiko asked.
"It was ok but not really my thing," Masanori replied. "What about you."
"It was interesting to try but I didn't like the smell. A bit gross."
"Yeah, that was it, a bit gross."
She laughed and added, "Well at least we tried it. I'm excited to try new things with our sex lives."
* * * * * * *
Not bothering to wear anything, they left the room lights off as they sat looking over the harbour again. Masanori had taken two beers from the fridge which they sipped on while sitting together.
"How was your day," he asked Tukiko.
"I had a good day. I'm very happy with it."
"So, am I," he replied.
He looked at her in the soft light from outside and saw the most beautiful woman he had ever known. This was it, he thought. Now was the time. He got up from the couch which surprised her a bit since she was partly laying back against him. She thought perhaps he was going for another beer and so sat there looking out the window.
Then he was back, kneeling on the floor in front of her, holding out the open ring box towards her. He said the words she had been longing to air.
"Tukiko, will you marry me?"
"Yes! Yes!" she said as she sprung up from the couch to hug him. "Of course, I will."
But in her rush to hug him, her body had bumped the ring box in his hand. When they pulled apart to look at the ring, it was gone. The box was empty.
They were laughing as they crawled around in the dark, feeling on the floor for the ring. Since they were both naked, they couldn't really turn the lights on to look for it without having to pull the drapes or being seen from outside. But they both knew it couldn't have gone far.
Finally, Tukiko's fingers touched it where it had rolled under the couch. She handed it to him, holding her hand out so he could put it on her finger. It fitted nicely and she reached to give him another hug which soon became more kissing too.
Still kissing and hugging each other they fell back on to the couch. Suddenly she had another naughty idea. She lifted her head away from him to speak.
"Do you want to try something really naughty?"
He lifted his head to look at her.
"Make love to me beside the window so everyone can see us," Tukiko said.
"But they can't see anything. It's dark."
"We can get one of the bedside lamps and put it closer."
"Are you serious? You want to show your body to complete strangers?"
"Sure," she replied. "It will be sexy and we don't know if anyone is actually looking. With the soft light, they will see us fucking but will be hard to see any details."
"This is very bold, Tukiko."
"Very sexy too."
"You really like to show off, don't you? Show your naked body off."
"I can get on top, Masanori so they won't see much of you anyway."
Tukiko went and got a lamp, plugging it in closer to where they were sitting. It wasn't as close as she would have liked but close enough that a small amount of light fell on the couch. She got him to lay back on the couch and she moved into him.
First, she kneeled on the floor beside him, reaching for his cock with her hand. It surprised her that he was already hard. Perhaps he was enjoying this too. Maybe he is into exhibitionism too. Holding him with her hand, she reached further to suck him.
She remembered that someone might be watching. All they would see was the bare back of her body and she decided to make it better. She turned her body so her bum was pointed directly towards the window. With her behind lifted up and her legs slightly parted, she thought someone might catch a serious view of her arse hole and cunt lips. That thought really turned her on.
Masanori noticed how she had purposely positioned her body towards the window. That must be a sexy view he thought. He was beginning to realise how serious his girlfriend was about exhibitionism. She seemed to be really enjoying it. He reached out with his hand, finding the curve of her arse cheek, then further to the split down the middle. His fingers found the little tight hole surrounded by crinkles. He rubbed his fingers over it as she lifted her head from his cock to give a soft moan.
Oh! She liked that, did she? He pressed further his smallest finger pressing into the tight hole. From the position they were in, he couldn't get in much more than his fingertip. But he thought maybe it was another thing she might want to explore.
By now, Tukiko was pumping Masanori's cock as she sucked him. She could feel his hand touch her bum, feel how his fingers explored down the split to her bum hole. She could even feel his fingertip enter her. She wondered if he would try with his cock one day.
Now his fingers moved lower. He found the lips. She was open and wet. Soaking, in fact. Perhaps the position, how she was pushing back helped her lips open up, but it was also very clear how turned on she was.
His hands moved even lower until he came to the end of her lips. He pushed in there and felt the hard bud of her clitty. A couple of rubs and firm pinch was all it took. She actually cum. Her head lifted, she gave a deep moan and fell against him, with her head resting on his stomach as she recovered.
The way her body was slumped her pussy was beyond his reach. They both knew that their fun was finished beside the window. Now it was time to pull the drapes and move to the bed.
* * * * * * *
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
I LIke Showing Myself Off Nude.
* * * * * * *
Now they were in bed and she was snuggled up against him. They both knew this was heading towards more sex of some kind but they weren't in a hurry to begin yet.
"Why do you like showing off?" Masanori asked Tukiko.
"I don't know why," she replied.
"Well, you have the body for it. Really have something to show."
She just smiled at that before she continued. She didn't think she was anything more special than hundreds of other girls but she was glad he seemed to think so.
"It's exciting... the idea someone is watching... I cum really fast. Like just now."
"I noticed," he laughed. "That looked a good one too."
"It was," she smiled.
"I liked it too," he admitted. "The idea that someone might be watching was hot."
"Does the idea of me naked on that beach turn you on, Masanori?"
"It does a bit."
"I think a lot. It is maybe... your fantasy."
"Yes, seeing women getting naked on the beach is hot.
Tukiko slipped out of his arms and got out of bed. He was slightly disappointed as he had thought she was leading him towards a fantasy session. He watched as she walked over to the table and picked up her handbag.
"Would you like me to do it for you?" she asked. "Get naked for you on a nude beach?"
"Oh yes," he replied.
"The idea is making you excited, isn't it?"
"Yes!"
"You like the fantasy of girls naked on a public beach, don't you?"
"Yes!" he replied, now wondering where she was going with this.
"Is that why you have this?" she asked him, as she pulled the DVD out of her bag.
Masanori recognised it immediately.
"What? Where did you get that?"
"From your room," she replied smiling.
"What were you doing, nosing in my room?" he asked becoming a bit defensive.
"What were you doing nosing at my books?" she answered him back.
He smiled. "Good point."
"So is this like we are talking about. Getting naked in front of strangers on a public beach?"
"Sort of like that, but more like an orgy than just getting naked."
"Can we watch some of it, now?" she asked him.
"You might as well since you stole it from my room."
She laughed at that. "Not stolen. You can have it back. When we finish with it."
"Are you going to watch it?" he asked Tukiko.
"We watch it together," she replied. "There's a difference."
"Oh," he said. Still not sure about her discovering his secret.
"We'll watch it for a while. Get us nice and horny for some more fun together."
He smiled at that as he realised what she intended.
Tukiko went over to place the DVD in the player. She made sure her back was directed towards him as she knew he was watching. Instead of crouching down, she bent at the waist to reach for the player. With her legs slightly parted she knew what he would be seeing.
Masanori lay in bed watching her. He saw how she bent at her waist to reach the player. He saw how her arse was pointed back, directly towards him. Her cheeks split open, revealing their secrets to him. The little black hole of her arse with the lips of her pussy lower down. He noted how swollen and open they were and realised how aroused she was. A beautiful pussy, just asking for him to take her. The thought entered his mind to jump out of bed and grab her how she was and fucking her from behind but then he decided it was probably not a good idea.
Masanori was watching Tukiko as she walked back to bed. He never got tired of looking at her naked body. He loved watching how she moved. A sexy body, lovely breasts, just the size he liked them. A pussy, not much more than a strip rather than a full triangle, between the tops of her thighs. She climbed into bed and snuggled up against him as he put his arm around her. Using the remote she started the movie, then settled down beside him to watch. It surprised him how she was interested to watch porn too, but she did, her idea too and he found it turned him on.
* * * * * * *
The movie began, starting with a group of five Japanese girls who decided to spend a day at a nearby beach. They both understood Japanese so the dialogue was no problem.
Then came the scenes, where these girls were getting ready. Showering together became quite sexy with a few orgasms thrown in. Girls were touching each other and rubbing each other's pussies. The way one girl used a bar of soap to get herself off was really hot. As she cum her Masanori felt the woman beside him give a shudder too.
"This is a bit hot," she whispered to him.
Then they were trying on bikinis and preparing to leave. There were some more sexy comments and banter between them in the van but Tukiko noticed that it was never shown who was driving. A bit unbelievable but that wasn't the purpose, was it? The beach was a lonely one, with a track down from the clifftops. When they reached the sand, it appeared they were the only ones there which probably they were other than a whole film-crew.
Some swimming and sunbathing and some very sensual rubbing suntan lotion over each other with lots of close views of fingers on tits and pussies.
Then you guessed it, some guys came along. There were eight of them and Tukiko asked, "How come there are more guys than girls?"
"Maybe the girls need a few spares," Masanori said that made her giggle.
There were some lame pick-up lines and the girls invited the guys to join them. It was then that the true action started. Masanori felt her hand take his cock as they continued watching. He felt her legs open to allow access has he reached for her pussy too. She was already soaking there and before the story had even got going too.
They all went for a swim and soon the men began stripping the women. Bikini tops were coming off, then pussies were appearing.
"I wonder what happened to all those bikinis?" Tukiko asked.
That surprised Masanori because considering he had seen this video a few times, he had never thought about that. Shows the different way a woman thinks.
Soon cocks were being sucked and pussies being eaten with lots of other playing going on too. Even some fucking began.
In one scene a woman was bending over while a man was taking her from behind. There was a close view of his cock entering her. Then another man came along and lifted her leg so now the camera could zoom in until the whole screen was filled with a hard cock pressing into a wet pussy.
That really got to Tukiko and Masanori could feel how her body trembled with excitement and her pussy humped against his hand.
One particular scene stood out when two men were holding a girl while a third was behind her with his hand down the front of her bikini. You could see his fingers working under the bikini and it was clear she was getting a good finger fucking. Suddenly, she was orgasming. It was a huge one as she cried out, bucked and struggled against those holding her.
Masanori noticed how that affected the woman beside him, how she almost orgasmed too.
"That was close," he told her. "It almost got you, didn't it?"
"Yeah, I know," she giggled. "This is so hot."
Tukiko had never really seen much porn before and this was really turning her on. So much sex and it was made even better by the fact it was all happening in the surf too. Regular waves breaking over and around them as they played. She loved how much fucking was being shown with close-ups too.
The action shifted to some towels spread out on the beach. Now some real serous fucking began using every position you could imagine. Many were more designed to display a cock going into a pussy rather than to deliver a successful conclusion.
Masanori continued playing with Tukiko, one hand working her pussy while the other worked on her tits. He wasn't sure but he felt she may have already orgasmed three times. Two were so mild he couldn't be sure, with the third one, there was no doubt about.
They had come to the final scene now, the one that always made him cum. Two women were sitting back against a man each, facing each other. They both had other men holding their legs wide open. The men behind them began working at their clitty, each being quite aggressive and rough.
As the women were working up, getting more and more excited, they were crying out and moaning. Masanori noticed Tukiko was getting worked up too. She was breathing heavily; her body was trembling and she was humping against his hand. He realised she was getting close again.
"Are they going to cum together?" Tukiko asked him.
"Looking like it," Masanori replied. He knew what was going to happen but didn't want to spoil it for her.
Suddenly, the action erupted on the screen. One of the girls cried out and liquid squirted from her cunt lips. Another three squirts followed, each splattering all over the other girl before she dropped from her high, moaning. This seems to have excited the second girl who squirted all over her friend, the first girl.
Tukiko couldn't take any more. That was just so hot! Her orgasm exploded, her body bucking around in Masanori arms as she moaned and gasped. It wasn't until she subsided and normality returned that she realised there was sticky warm cum all over her hand. He had cum too.
That was it, the video was over and running into the credits as they turned it off. It had been sexy and their own ending had been sexy too. They got out of bed to clean up in the bathroom. On the way back he noticed Tukiko, taking the DVD from the player and slipping it into his bag. As far as she was concerned, it had done its job, she didn't need it again.
* * * * * * *
Tukiko rolled over on top of Masanori. She knew he would be surprised at this because they had never really successfully explored the idea of her being on top. Sure, a long time before they had tried with her on top but it hadn't really achieved results and so they had just slipped back into their usual way with him on top. Now, she knew what was needed to make it good for both of them.
Masanori was a bit surprised when Tukiko had taken him like that. He also remembered how they had tried it unsuccessfully previously. But he didn't say anything, he knew Tukiko had changed sexually, she had become more confident and more skilled when it came to sex. He thought again how she had changed. Being with those other men had really been good for her.
He felt her take his cock, play with him with her hands to get him hard again. He loved the way she could work at him, knowing fingers doing just what it took to excite him. Soon she had him hard and ready again. He was even a bit surprised at how quickly she had done it. How she took him between her flat palms and rolled against his cock felt really good. He was sure that with more of that, she would have been able to get him off. What he didn't know was that Tukiko had realized the potential of that too.
She moved forward from sitting over his legs to sitting directly over his cock. This was different from last time. She was going to take him sitting up instead of her laying on top as they had done before. He watched as she guided him to the lips of her cunt. In this position, he was able to enjoy the view of her entire naked body and even watch his own cock press between her lips and enter her. He had seen this on movies but never seen it for real. It was interesting to watch how her lips opened to take him, allowing him to press deeper into her body.
Masanori felt good too. He had felt that tiny bit of resistance as his cock head had entered her. He had felt how she overcame that resistance using her body weight to press down on top of him. Now he felt the warm wetness of being inside her tight cunt.
Tukiko knew how to do this but first, she needed to get his whole cock wet with her juices and try to take him all. She was confident she could take him because she had taken men bigger than him. So gently she tried, making a few attempts, each time she lifted off, when she pressed down again, he went deeper inside her. Finally, she sunk down the last bit until her body was now against his body and she had taken all of him.
Tukiko loved that feeling of having a cock inside her. She loved having Masanori there too. He was hard, very hard and it felt like he was filling her with cock. When she lifted off each time, she could feel the hardness of his shaft, slipping out between her sensitive lips. When she sunk back down on top him, she could feel how it pressed back into her. It felt great.
This is a position she had grown to love. She loved how deep she could take him, how she could take all of him with ease. She loved the control she had over the process too. She could speed up or slow down. She could vary the entry angle to make it better or slow the process down too. She knew this was going to be good for both of them.
Masanori was slightly surprised at Tukiko, how skilled she was at using this position. It did feel good and she seemed to know just how to move her hips to make it great for him. Then she showed him another delight with this position. His hands had been resting on her hips as she reached down for them bring them up to her chest. He had been watching her tits as she fucked him, how they had been moving in time with her movements. Now he realised how this sexual position left it wide open for him to play with them while she fucked him.
His fingers went straight for her nipples. Masanori knew Tukiko had sensitive nipples and loved them being touched. He knew how to touch them, roll them between his thumbs and finger, brush over them and even pull on them. He saw her eyes close and heard that moan she gave and he knew she was enjoying this as much as he was. He was actually amazed at how good this position was for both of them.
Tukiko heard the man under her give a groan and she knew he was getting close. She was pleased with that because she had found herself in much the same way with what promised to be a great orgasm already building within her body. She increased the speed and leaned further forward. She knew like that, it would be better for both of them.
Masanori had noticed how her position had changed and felt how she had sped up. He knew she was preparing to take them both over the top. His hands had now dropped away from her tits, going back to hold and support her by her waist.
Suddenly she gave a gasp. Her body lost its rhythm and timing as her orgasm burst over her. She couldn't hold herself up and fell forward against him. Quickly, she recovered and began fucking again. She realized the man under her was close, very close and she knew just how to take him too. Her motion had changed to thrusting back at him as she lay on top of him. It didn't take much, just a few move thrusts and she heard him moan. His cock gave a few thrusts back at her and she knew he was cumming too.
She lay still now. There was no need for any more. She could feel her whole body against him. Her head close to his head, her breasts pressing down against his chest, a leg each side of him so her pussy, her pelvis was pressed down against his pelvis so she could hold all of his cock inside her body.
Her head pulled up so she could look down at his face. She brought her lips down to his and kissed him. It was just a soft kiss but soon the passion made it deeper as her lips opened and their tongues met.
While they kissed, she could feel how his cock softened and eventually slipped from her. As he did, she rolled so she could lay on her side, beside him.
"Wow!" he said as his fingers reached for her nipple again. "That was amazing."
Tukiko just smiled. She knew it. It had been great for her too. She knew there could have been more to this, perhaps she could have even cum a number of times but she was happy, content with the fact they had both achieved great orgasms together.
"I see you enjoyed the movie too."
"I've never really seen much porn before but I did enjoy it. Got me so horny."
"I noticed," he laughed.
"But I have one question." she continued. "If you have seen all those things on porn movies, why didn't you suggest we try them?"
"I don't know. Maybe this was porn, not real," he explained. "I didn't think you would want to try it."
"I would have tried some of it. You know I was looking for more in our sex life," Tukiko explained.
"I know that now," Masanori said.
"I'm out to try everything now. See what we like and what we don't like."
* * * * * * *
She leaned forward so her thigh stretched over his as her body pressed against him. His arm reached around to hold her and her head rested on his shoulder. Her hand reached down to touch his limp cock and she was gently playing with it while they talked.
"Would you like to go to that beach tomorrow?" Tukiko asked him.
"Which beach?" Masanori asked.
"The nude one. The one we saw on the boat."
"You want to go there? Will you get nude?"
"Yes, I want to see what it is like," Tukiko said. "I'll wear my red bikini. The sexy one, first. If I feel comfortable, I might take it off."
"Oh wow," Masanori replied. "I'd like to see that."
"Does it turn you on, people seeing me naked?"
"It might surprise you but it does."
"I'm not surprised," Tukiko said. "It turns me on too."
"Just being naked or doing more?"
"Depends on who is watching but maybe more."
* * * * * * *
Tukiko could feel him getting hard again. She was a bit amazed at how quickly he was again, how much he had. Often sex with him had been once for an evening but here, after all, they had done, he was getting ready to go again.
She moved down his body so her mouth came to him. He was fairly hard again now so she decided to miss out the foreplay and take him straight into her mouth. She could taste the sex they had previously, not completely his cum and not her cum either. A delicious blend of the two. Soon she realized he was ready and she moved up over him again with a leg each side so she could bring her pussy down against his cock. It didn't take much for his cock to find her pussy and enter her. She was so wet that she gave hardly any resistance at all.
Here they were, her on top again, working her body as they talked. Her hips moving slowly causing his cock to slide in and out.
"When we get to the beach, I strip down to my bikini," Tukiko told him. "It is my red one, tiny. Just covering the sexy bits. I know men can see most of my body. I want to show them."
"Oh!" Masanori replied picking up the fantasy again.
"First, I'll take off my bikini top," she told him.
"Mmmmm..."
"Now they can see my bare tits..." she said, her voice almost a whisper. "I touch my nipples. Feel them, play with them.
"Nice..."
"How hard my nipples are..."
"Ohhh sexy!"
"But I'm going to show more. Take my bikini bottom off too."
"Oh wow!"
"I lay back with my pussy on show. They can see everything. My legs are parted... My pussy displayed."
"Oh fuck! This is hot, Tukiko."
"My hand is touching my nipple... pulling... playing."
"Mmmm..."
"My other hand is on my pussy. Stroking down my cunt lips. Pulling them open... pressing my fingers inside."
"Oh," Masanori gasped. "Who is watching?"
"Some men. Maybe some women too. They want to watch me play... they want to watch me cum... I'm going to cum for them... Cum for you too."
"Oh fuck!"
"My bum lifts up... pussy humps at my hand... big cum... huge cum... making me cry out so they all can hear me. Everyone watching saw me cum."
He gave a gasp, humped up at her and began to cum deep inside her. She could feel it. The very thought of it was enough. It sent her over too. She gave a gasp and fell forward against him as they finished together.
A fantasy. This was something different for both of them, made better by the knowledge that the next day their fantasy might become a reality.
That was it for the night and the last thing Tukiko could remember was drifting off to sleep in Masanori's arms.
* * * * * * *
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Masanori Enjoys Exhibitionism Too.
* * * * * * *
Next morning he was awake and up when she woke up. She got out of bed and found him sitting on the couch naked looking at his phone.
"Oh, you are awake," he said. "I didn't hear you."
"I was hoping for more fun from my horny man," she said sitting down beside him.
"Your horny man is just waiting for his sexy lady."
With that, he pulled her over on top of him so she found herself facing him with a leg each side. There was hardly any foreplay when he discovered she was so wet and ready. She just sunk down onto his cock, taking him in deep. It felt good for both of them and he heard the moan of pleasure she gave as she took almost all of him.
So that is how they were doing it, Masanori sitting on the couch while Tukiko sat over facing him, riding him. In this position, she knew it would be her doing most of the work and she was fine with that. Soon they were fucking, her hips and thighs working to lift and lower her pussy, taking him in deep and then lifting so he would pull further out.
It was good fucking and she surprised herself at how quickly her passion and desires were building. For a moment she thought of the man underneath her but when she looked at his face, she knew he was right there with her. In fact, as it turned out, he was slightly in front of her. She heard the deep groan and knew he was there. She pressed slight back with her pussy so the hardness of his cock was closer to her clitty and set herself off. She bucked at him a few times as she cum. His hands came up to hold her as for a while he thought she might throw herself right off and fall back onto the floor.
But no. She had things under control. She was on top and had ridden him until she drained him and had satisfied herself. It had been good sex. Fast sex but good for both of them.
* * * * * * *
Tukiko got off him and went to the bed for some tissues to clean themselves off. She then went to the kitchen and made them both a coffee, which she brought back to join him on the couch.
They were sitting together relaxing when Tukiko said she better call her mum.
This time, she selected video chat. Her Mum, Sayako, came on quickly and they had a short conversation where Tukiko was telling her how things were settled and they were back together again. While they chatted, Masanori sat beside her and she was gently stroking his cock. Soon she realised he was getting hard again.
She noticed her mother looking hard at her. "Is everything ok, Mum?"
"Yes," replied Sayako. "Are you wearing anything?"
"No, Mum, I'm naked," Tukiko replied, briefly panning the phone down to show her naked body. "We are about to have a shower."
"Is Masanori there with you?" Sayako asked.
"Yes, he is," Tukiko laughed. "And naked like me," she added that last bit as she knew her Mum would be interested.
And Sayako was interested too. "Oh nice!" she said. And then asked, "Is he... you know...?"
"Yes, he is. He is hard," Tukiko replied, her voice husky with desire. She didn't know why this was turning her on too.
"Can I see?" Sayako asked.
Tukiko was a bit surprised at her mother asking that. Her voice was not much more than a whisper, displaying her growing sexual desire.
"Sure, Sayako," Masanori said, "but I want to see you naked too."
Now Tukiko was mildly surprised that her boyfriend had asked to see her mother naked but even more surprised when her mother agreed.
Tukiko was becoming a bit amused and a bit aroused by it too. She turned her phone on Masanori showing his face and then slowly moving down his naked body. Soon she was showing his bare chest as he sat back against the couch. At that point, she paused so her mother could view him.
"Oh nice," she heard her mother say. "Do I see any more?" she asked.
"How much more do you want to see?" Tukiko asked, teasing her mother a bit. She knew what her mother wanted; a hard cock. She also had the impression that her hesitating was teasing Masanori too. She knew this was turning him on.
"Only like everything," Sayako replied.
With a giggle, Tukiko moved the phone so more and more of her boyfriend's body could be seen. When his erection came into view, Masanori even reached down and gave his cock a few wanks. Tukiko thought that looked so hot and so she knew her mother would like it.
They both heard the comment of approval from Sayako. "Mmmm, nice!"
"Now your turn, Sayako. I want to see all of you," Masanori said.
"Ok," she giggled as she handed the phone to someone.
As Sayako began removing the bathrobe she wore, Tukiko asked, "Who is there with you? Who is holding the phone?"
"I am," Mike's voice said.
"Naughty boy! Have you been fucking my dear mummy again?" Tukiko asked him.
"Only like a pair of horny rabbits!" they heard Mike reply.
That had them laughing as Sayako's face appeared on the phone. The view started to move lower until her breasts came into view. Her hands came up to play with them and pull on her nipples.
Masanori thought that sexy, a woman playing with her own tits and nipples like that.
"Now your pussy, Sayako," he said. "I want to see all of you. Everything!"
Tukiko was still holding the phone cam on her boyfriend so her mother could see he was actually wanking his cock while they talked. Tukiko was beginning to think this was so hot.
"Ok," came the reply and the cam view moved lower. Soon Masanori was surprised to see a pussy, completely shaven smoothly.
"Oh, wow," he said. "Bare beaver."
"You like that, do you, Masanori?" Sayako asked.
"You look great," Masanori replied, his hands working his cock even faster now.
Sayako's hands moved each side of her pussy and pulled. What had just been a split began to open until the pink inner lips were clearly showing.
"Oh, fuck!" Masanori said.
"You like that too, don't you?" Sayako said.
"You are hot."
"Show him a close-up," they heard Sayako say and Mike brought the phone in until the whole view was filled with a pink, juicy pussy.
"Oh wow! You are so wet."
Suddenly the screen went blank. "That is enough Masanori," Sayako's voice said. "If you want to see more, you'll have to come here and do it yourself."
The connection was broken and she was gone.
Tukiko and Masanori were left looking at each other in disbelief. They were shocked that she had shown so much and also shocked at how she had disconnected like that.
"I didn't think she would go that far," Tukiko said.
"Neither did I," he replied. "She looked wet and horny too."
"Maybe they are fucking like little rabbits again, now," Tukiko laughed.
"Maybe we should be too," Masanori replied.
That was it. Quickly they were on the bed and soon two more 'little rabbits,' were going for gold as well.
* * * * * * *
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Ladies Bay - Exhibition Reality.
* * * * * * *
They had to check out by 10 am so after another good sex session together they got ready and packed before breakfast. Masanori had watched her put on her bikini first and the wore a T-shirt and shorts over the top.
After the fun the night before they were decided on going to the most famous nude beach in Auckland, at the end of Tamaki Drive called Ladies Bay. The fantasy session the night before had been good. Watching the DVD had been fun too. Now Tukiko wondered about what would happen at the beach when they got there themselves.
To get to this beach you take a steep path down from the road to a small bay set below the cliff. When they got down there, they found there were quite a few on the beach both clothed and nude. They found a place about halfway down to sit down. Quickly Tukiko had taken her shirt and shorts off, leaving herself wearing just that tiny red bikini.
But what concerned her was the number of people walking past. They were almost nonstop, walking backwards and forwards checking out those sitting on the beach. They were taking particular interest in her since she was an Asian. Something a bit different she supposed. She knew they were hoping that she'd get all her gear off too. But she wasn't so sure about that now. Yes, don't misunderstand this, Tukiko didn't mind putting on a bit of a show, in fact, she rather enjoyed it, but at this beach, it was all a bit over the top.
When she said to Masanori that she wasn't really comfortable with this place he agreed. But he also said there were a couple of smaller beaches further around the point. Since they were already there, they decided to go take a look. At worst, it would be a nice walk around the rocks. Not bothering to dress she put her gear in the bag and still just wearing just her bikini, they headed off around the rocks.
The next bay was partly overlooked by the public viewpoint on the cliff above so they went on further and found a number of little, hidden bays. Some had people in them and some were deserted. Finally, they found one which looked good so they stopped there. It was not much good for swimming, rocks in front but a nice sandy place to stop for lunch. Anyway, it was a bit cold to go swimming with a cool breeze coming along the coast.
There were still a few people who wandered by from time to time, but not as many as there had been back at the first beach. Mostly they were single guys. They finished lunch they had brought with them and then Masanori leant back against a larger rock while Tukiko leant against him.
She was watching a guy slowly walking by looking at her and suddenly she had a rather naughty idea. She wanted to get naked. Sitting up she undid her bikini top and then leaning back against him as she slipped her bottoms off too. Now completely naked she settled back against him as she had been before. Whenever someone would walk past and she could pull her leg over, hiding her pussy but still leaving her breasts bared.
* * * * * * *
Then another guy came by. A nice-looking, quite handsome really, but older. He was really walking slowly, obviously checking Tukiko out. Again, she just brought my legs together as he went past. He didn't go much further before he turned and came back us again. This time he was really walking slowly. She didn't bother moving her leg this time, leaving him with a grand view of her pussy.
As he came by, he almost stopped, openly looking straight up at her.
"Hi," Tukiko said to him.
"Hi," he replied obviously a bit surprised she had spoken to him.
"Nice day for a stroll," she said making conversation so he would stop in front of her."
"Yes," he replied standing there, looking straight up between her legs.
She had let them drift further open, giving him a much better view.
"It is a nice day."
Tukiko just nodded 'yes' in reply.
When she didn't answer him, he continued, trying to explain, "I'm just going for a walk along the foreshore."
Just perving all the naked girls more likely she thought. Not that she was worried. By now she was rather enjoying his attention. Masanori had taken it up a notch as his hand came up to her nipple. He knew how much this was turning her on. He must have felt how excited she was and how much more his touching her nipple would turn her on too. He could feel her body trembling at his touch.
"You are very beautiful," the man said.
"Thank you," was all she could think to say.
"I have never seen an Asian lady naked here before."
"I'm Japanese," Tukiko replied.
"Oh, yes. Very nice.
That sort of got her for a minute. Tukiko lost for words - not normally but then she was. But all this was really getting to her now. By then she was really was feeling naughty, horny.
"See, we are just like other girls," I said. "See we are still pink inside."
She didn't know what made her do that! She had reached down to her pussy pulling her pussy lips open to show him the pink inside. It took her past the point of just showing her nudity, she knew she wanted to do more.
That really got to him too. For a moment now he was lost for words, just standing there right in front of her, looking. Finally, he managed to say, "You are so beautiful."
She thought to myself, 'You have just told me that,' so she didn't bother to answer it. Instead, she said, "You can sit down if you want," as she nodded to the sand where he was standing.
"Thank you," he said his voice now more of a gasp than words.
He reached into his bag for a towel which he spread on the sand before sitting down facing her again. But she noticed he still had his shorts on.
"You better get naked too," she said.
Well if she was going to show off everything she might as well get to see what he had too.
"Oh, sorry! Of course," he said as he slipped off his shorts.
Now he lay on his side with his back to the ocean, facing towards them. What he had to show wasn't too bad either.
Tukiko couldn't take her eyes off this guy. She was laying there with this stranger looking right up between her parted legs. Her pussy openly displayed for him. He was laying on his side, facing her so she could see him too. She liked the look of his cock too. He had a cut one which displayed much more of the head. She liked the shape, sharper, more of a point with the tiny slot in the tip.
* * * * * * *
By now Masanori's hand had strayed down to Tukiko's pussy. She felt it but didn't look, not for a moment taking her eyes off the man in front of her. First, she felt his fingers against the inside of her thigh then they moved on towards her pussy. She knew what was coming next and her body gave a shiver at the thought of it. She felt a finger run up the length of her pussy lips sending a stronger shudder through her body.
As she watched she could see how he was touching his cock. Stroking it slowly, not taking his eyes off Tukiko for a moment. Not taking his eyes off what Masanori was doing to her pussy. This was becoming so hot. She was becoming turned on, intoxicated by the knowledge he was looking straight up between her legs, straight up at her open cunt. That felt so dirty saying it like that. Even thinking that dirty word, but that was how she felt right then.
'Surely he could see how wet I am,' she thought. 'He must be able to see how excited I have become. He was sitting so close. On the sand just beyond my feet. So close, he could reach out and touched me if he wants.'
Would she allow that? Allow him to touch her. She wasn't sure.
Now Masanori's finger was making gentle upwards strokes, up the length of her wet pussy, starting at the bottom and reaching almost to the hood of my clit. It was clear where this was going. It could only end in one way, an orgasm for her. He was bringing her off, in front of this stranger.
At about that point she noticed a couple had come and sat down a bit along from them. A quick glance told her that it was a guy and a girl. She noticed the girl had sat down closest to her with her top off. So, her little audience was growing.
The feelings were building, deep in her pussy they were growing. She gave a little moan and humped against his hand. This was the signal Masanori was waiting for. She felt one finger, then two pressing into her. Her pussy lips easily parted making way for him. His other hand came down to help and he began little strokes pulling up against the top end of her pussy using little circle motions to press against her clit.
It felt so good. She could feel what he was doing. She could feel her body, she was building towards her orgasm but she could not look to see. She could not take her eyes off that guy in front of me. Her eyes were locked on what his hand was doing to his now erect cock. For a moment she was aware that two guys had walked past but by then she was past caring. Let them watch if they wanted. Let anyone watch.
Tukiko urged Masanori to speed up. While his first hand continued to thrust into her wet cunt, his other hand was making little strokes were becoming faster and harder as he began to vigorously rub over her enlarged clitty. She was building fast, on her final climb towards her orgasm. The guy before her was going faster now too. Working hard, beating his cock. He must have known this show would not go on much longer.
Then it hit her. Her back arched and she let out a cry. Probably more a loud gasp than a cry. She closed her eyes, as her orgasm burst over her. It was intense, it was insane and as she let herself go, becoming consumed by it. She felt her body jerk, her eyes opened and she let out a scream, a jet of liquid shot from her pussy, flying the short distance to hit the man in front of her. She did this three times before she began to subside. She fell back against Masanori exhausted from her powerful orgasm.
The man in front of was a bit surprised what had just happened. He looked down at himself, saw the liquid splattered across his body and touched it with his finger. She watched as he brought it to his mouth and licked it. That was so sexy. It made Tukiko's whole body shudder at the sight of it.
Masanori was shocked too. He had never seen her do that before. In fact, he had never seen any woman do it except on porn movies. But it had happened to Tukiko before so now she knew how to do it.
* * * * * * *
The orgasm had passed and Tukiko sunk into the pleasant bliss of her after-glow. She heard a moan in front of her and opened her eyes just in time to see a blob of cum burst from the end of this man's cock and land in the sand between them. It was followed by a couple more, then a large one, then a few blobs a bit shorter.
Tukiko smiled at him and asked, "Was that good?"
"Oh, that was wonderful," he gasped. "You were wonderful."
"You weren't too bad yourself," Tukiko laughed.
"Best I've had in years."
Then she glanced over at the couple. "Well done," he said. "That was a hot show."
He was sitting up now, smiling at her while his girl was laying on her side facing them. She was naked now and looked like they had been playing too. In fact, it was looking like she was very close. His hand was hard at work on her pussy.
The woman just added, "That was amazing."
Her eyes closed and she gave a moan. Tukiko could see how her pelvis was humping against the man's hand now. It looked like they were really going for it now. He was trying to get her off.
With another deep moan, it happened. Suddenly she cum.
By the way, she lay there for a while, breathing deeply while she recovered, Tukiko thought it must have been a big one too. That was sexy, not just putting on a show but seeing another one from another couple too.
Her eyes opened and she looked directly at Tukiko and Masanori. She smiled, her voice hardly more than a whisper as she said, "That was hot too."
Then she heard a voice on the other side say, "Yes we also enjoyed it."
She turned to look and there were the two guys sitting watching her too. That was so hot, all those people had watched her cum. They would have all seen her squirt too, all over that older man in front of her.
* * * * * * *
So not long after, her little exhibitionism show now over, they decided to head back to their car. She noticed that during all that Masanori never said a word and he didn't even get his clothes off either.
Masanori noticed that Tukiko chose to remain naked all the way back around to where the track began climbing up to the top.
There were a lot of people on that first beach, even more than before and Tukiko had boldly walked passed them all revealing all of her naked body to all who cared to look. And he noticed most of them were looking too.
At one point they met three younger men walking towards them. They were dressed so obviously just down for a perv. Masanori thought they would have been getting a full frontal of her nude body with Tukiko making no attempt to hide her nudity. She even nodded and said 'Hi' as they passed close by them.
He was surprised at how comfortable she had become with her nudity that she could display like that. When they had passed he looked back and saw they had stopped and been looking. Obviously checking out her arse too.
"They are checking out your arse," he whispered to her.
"Good," she replied. "But we could make it better. Dare me to pick up the shell.
Masanori smiled, realising what she was going to do. "I dare you."
Tukiko stepped forward in front of him, without bending her knees, she reached down to pick up the shell.
From the position, where he was slightly behind her, he could see everything. A really sexy show.
Turning to look at him she asked, "Did they see my cunt?"
That was sexy he thought, her calling it that word. "Yes," he replied. "They did see your cunt and your arsehole too."
"Oh fuck!" she said as she stumbled so he had to reach out and support her.
"Did you just...?"
"Yes," Tukiko admitted. "I think so."
"Damn!" Masanori replied. "That is so hot. You are so hot, Tukiko." And he meant it too.
She just smiled back at him as they continued along the beach.
Masanori was turned on by what she had just done and by what she said too. He'd never heard Tukiko using words like 'cunt' and 'fuck' in that way and knowing how sexually turned on she was, he found it exciting. He found himself beginning to like the new Tukiko, the adventurous sexy Tukiko.
As they reached the bottom of the steps up to the road, there she stopped. Taking her shorts and T-shirt from her bag, she put them on with nothing underneath.
* * * * * * *
On the way home in the car, he said, "That was sexy, especially that last bit."
Yeah," she replied. "I was turned on when you said they were looking at my arse. It had been sexy what we did last night but we didn't know if anyone was watching. We did this time, didn't we?
"We sure did, and they had a great view too."
She was happy with that and happy he had enjoyed it too. This showing off in public was really great fun and she was pleased he was enjoying it with her.
She asked, "Would you like to stay at my house tonight?"
"Of course," he replied. "But what about your parents?"
"I don't know if they'll be back yet but if they are it doesn't matter. They know about us now and I'm sure they're ok with it."
The chance of spending another night with her. Of course, he was in for that.
Since Monday was also a holiday, they could take all night fucking if they wanted and then relax in the morning.
* * * * * * *
The End (For now.)