My First Time Ch. 03
This is a contribution to theSurvivor Revival Challenge,organized by Tara Cox. My first eleven stories were called My Junior Year Abroad. Next up was the little story, "Why I love Wives." This is my fifteenth story in the Survivor Revival Challenge. I hope you like it. Personally, I'm wasting away in Paris, where shelter in place is unfortunately called "confinement," and I'm beginning to go bonkers! I hope you're doing better than bonkers.
******************
Sam, Don Juan, Eric, and what about Melissa's brother?
******************
Eric wasn't that good in bed, as it turned out, at least compared to Sam and (especially) Juan. However, I still loved Eric, and I didn't even like Sam nor Juan anymore, and that made all the difference. A few days after our first fuck, and while I was bemoaning I hadn't stayed for a second fuck (which is almost always better), I found another excuse to go to visit Eric.
I had made a pie, and I brought it over to him. After all, my mother had always said the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. My brother Leo had always scoffed at that, muttering under his breath (so Mom couldn't hear), that the way to a man's heart lay between a girl's legs. Leo is two years older than I am, so it took a couple of years before I fully understood Leo's off-color remark.
Well, Eric had already enjoyed Leo's route to his heart, and now I was going to take my Mom's route to his heart, too. Why not? Cover all the bases I say, and to channel Leo, just don't cover my ass! So, I bundled up the pie, as well as myself, and walked over to Leo's place in the cool Spring weather. Luckily, it was a relatively warm March day in Indiana, and it was going to break 70 degrees, so I didn't need that much warm clothing, after all.
I got to Leo's apartment, and of course he was at home, sheltering in place. He thanked me for the pie, and asked me if I'd like to fulfill a dream wish of his? I eagerly said "Yes!" because I wanted so very much to keep Eric happy and in love with me. We went for a drive in his favorite vintage Camaro, and he drove into the country (which is easy to do since the diameter of our small town is only a few miles), and parked in an isolated spot, on a dirt road, inside a corn field.
"Why are we here?" I asked.
"My dream is to have you give me a blowjob, in my favorite Camaro," Eric said. "Naked," he added.
"Someone might come by and see us!" I exclaimed. I couldn't let Eric know that might turn me on. I had discovered that when Sam's roommate Juan had peeped on Sam and me fucking a few times, and it doubled the intensity of my orgasms. I liked to be watched.
"Nonsense," Eric said. "Nobody comes out here, and you know it. Now undress, why don't you?" and Eric pulled his pants and boxers down, revealing his gorgeous cock to my lustful eyes. I got out of the Camaro, stripped naked, carefully folded up my clothes, put them on the back seat, and got back in the car, with a big smile on my face.
"Put your clothes in the trunk, Melissa. It's clean, don't worry," Eric said.
"Why?" I asked, becoming nervous.
"So that you can't chicken out and get dressed; at least, not easily," he said.
"Don't be silly. I'm not going to chicken out. I'm looking forward to giving you a blowjob, big boy," I said.
"Nevertheless, do it," Eric said, authoritatively.
Eric was trying to order me around, as if I was some kind of sex slave. I knew he was being a jerk, but as a sexual kink I was kind of into it. It turned me on. I guess it was role playing or something, but suddenly the idea that I could not easily get to my clothes turned me on. It turned me on something fierce.
"Okay, I'll do it, but you'll have to fuck me, Eric," I said, my eyes twinkling.
"After the blowjob," he said.
"Whenever, wherever, however you want," I said, warming to the role of a submissive. Eric raised a single eyebrow. When did he learn to do that, I wondered?
My clothes carefully folded and place in the trunk, I took my naked body and got into the passenger seat, and awkwardly leaned over and gave Eric the best blowjob I knew how to give.
I don't know if you've ever seen the interior of a 1969 vintage Camaro. It has this big old motherf**ker gear shift sticking up a good ten inches or so. It makes leaning over it, naked, kind of awkward, and uncomfortable. Ah, the shit I do for love!
Eric took his time, but it was inevitable: Men always cum from a blowjob. Eric gave me no warning, he just exploded into my mouth, ruining my plans to have him paint my boobs. Knowing it was every man's dream, I swallowed his cum, pretending I liked the taste. His cum was pure salt, near as I could tell. Good thing I'm not on a low salt diet, I thought to myself.
To my great surprise, Eric stayed hard. He walked around his car and had me put my bare feet on the ground. He bent my body over the passenger seat, my head leaning on the leather, and I was left presenting my bare ass and pussy to him as he stood, facing the car. I never would have thought of fucking in such a position, but then, I don't watch porn as much as Eric does, I'm sure.
Eric gave me a quite nice rear entry fuck, and only minutes after he shot his load inside me, with his cock still buried in my pussy, the cop car pulled up next to ours. The cop saw Eric and he saw the naked ass of the slut Eric had just fucked, namely yours truly. I was ashamed, humiliated, and embarrassed. I was also turned on, exactly as I had been when Juan had peeped on me and Sam.
"Out of the car, Miss," the cop said.
"But I'm naked," I said, hiding my face with my hands, un my shame.
"Yes, you are. Get out of the car," he said. "Pull your pants up, Eric."
So, the cop knew Eric? I guess that's not surprising. Eric's the best mechanic in the county, and he does all of the cars for the local police.
"Out of the car, Miss. I'm not asking you a fourth time!" the cop said, and I realized his masculine authority was also turning me on. I was such a mess of a woman!
So I got out of the car, and stood there, stark naked, in front of the cop. I suddenly had what Sam had called my remarkable aplomb. I quietly said:
"Hi Doug. Nice to see you. I haven't seen you since graduation. How have you been?" I asked, standing there, dripping Eric's cum, and stark naked. Doug was checking out my boobs, and enjoying the view in general. I saw too that he had one of those cop cams they all have now, and its red recording light was on.
"You can get dressed now, Miss," he said. The damage was done; I couldn't get any more humiliated. So, I decided to have some fun.
"That does sound like a good idea, Officer Doug, but as you can see, I don't have any clothes readily available, now, do I?"
Officer Doug took a look throughout the cabin of the Camaro. "I'll be damned," he said. "Eric, I'm impressed. Melissa, you are one fine looking woman. Eric is one fucking lucky son-of-a-bitch."
"Fucking lucky is good description," I said, and Eric smiled.
"I could arrest you both for indecent exposure, and also the two of you should be sheltering in place, not getting naked out in some corn field. The field belongs to Dave Meier, you know. Good thing he doesn't know you're here. Anyway, consider this a warning, and try to keep it inside in the future, okay?" Office Doug said.
"If I may say so, Officer Doug, you look sexy hot in that uniform," I said, and I licked my upper lip suggestively.
"You look hot in your birthday suit. Jesus, Melissa, you have great boobs. You have a great body," Officer Doug said. He looked at Eric, standing there now dressed, and he said, "And you, Eric, have one hell of a woman. Have a good day," and he got in his patrol car and drove off.
Eric and I stood there, watching Doug drive away. I remembered Doug well from high school. I'm sure he'll make a good cop. I wondered if, when this Corona shit was over, if he'd find a time when Eric wasn't around, and make a play for me? Something to fantasize about, on lonely evenings, right?
************
I'd go over to Eric's apartment from time to time, and we'd each relieve ourselves of boredom and pent up sexual need, until April 2. On April second when I came over, Eric and Doug were there together, waiting for me. I gave Eric the macramé belt I had made for him, as an excuse to go see him again, but I realized I had to wait until Eric got rid of Officer Doug before we could have sex.
Eric, however, surprised me. "I want to made a video of us making love," he said.
"You've already done it; last week you videoed us with your iPhone," I said. Doug's eyebrows went up.
"That turned out lousy. Doug brought over his police video camera, and he's going to video us, okay?" Eric said.
"What??!?" I exclaimed. "No. It's not okay. It's not okay at all!"
"No?" Eric seemed surprised.
"I'm not fucking in front of Doug like some sort of performing seal," I said. "It's degrading. It's humiliating. It's a disgusting idea."
"I want you to," Eric said.
"I do, too. I've already seen you naked, you know, and with your fabulous ass sticking out of Eric's vintage Camaro," Doug said. He was polite enough not to add that he had seen Eric's cock leave my well-fucked pussy, too.
"That was different. We weren't expecting you; you just stumbled upon us. It couldn't be helped," I said, and as I spoke those words, seeing the looks of gleeful mirth exchanged between Eric and Doug, I realized -- for the first time -- that I had been set up. I tried not to let them know I had realized that they had planned for Doug to "accidentally" discover us. That was why my clothes had to be in the trunk, too, I realized. Clever, Eric, you asshole, I thought to myself.
"Here's the belt I made you, Eric. I'm leaving now," I said, and I handed him the macramé belt, tears welling in my eyes, in the realization of Eric's cruel betrayal of my trust.
"Don't go yet, please," Eric said. "You know, this belt would look smashing on your naked bod. Could you model it for us?"
"You want me to get naked for both of you? Again? Dream on, asshole. Besides, I made the belt for you. It's way too big for me," I said.
"Doug will hide in the bedroom. He won't see anything. Please, my lovely?" Eric said, knowing that when he calls me "My lovely," it always charms me.
"Promise he won't see me? No peeking, Doug, okay? Your honor as a cop?" I asked. I realized I actually wanted to strip for the two men. Just the idea was making me wet. I couldn't admit it, though.
I got all the reassurances I could, and once Doug was in the bedroom, I quickly stripped naked. Eric gave me my macramé belt, and I wrapped it around my tiny waist three times, and then Eric kissed me. I melted and we stood there, kissing, and Eric began to fondle my boobs. When his hand found my snatch, I groaned the classic groan of a submissive woman. God, did I need Eric to fuck me just then.
Eric stopped. He pulled away from me, and he just stood there, looking at me. "You're so beautiful, Melissa. Can we invite Doug, and his camera, in to take a look, too?"
I knew exactly what Eric was doing. I'm not a complete idiot after all. Dammit all, though, it worked. Doug came in, his official police video camera working, red light and all, and he saw me naked once again, this time with the macramé belt I knitted for Eric, wrapped tightly three times around my waist.
Eric took me in his arms, kissed me, fondled my snatch, and I knew the battle was over. I had lost. Eric led me to the bedroom, Doug following on our heels with his video camera running, and Eric proceeded to fuck me missionary style, doggy style, and with me on top, cowgirl style. Doug got some very intimate shots of us fucking. The video was in the modern porn tradition of being super explicit.
Doug got shots of my inflamed pussy, he got shots of Eric's cock buried balls deep inside me, and he got video of his cock pumping away inside me. He also shot my face, as I obviously was enjoying the fuck, and unlike most porn videos, he also got shots of Eric's gleeful face as he pummeled my cunt with his cock.
Doug kept his clothes on. I could tell he was hard; it wasn't subtle, but my biggest fears went unrealized: There was no pressure after we were all done for me to "service" Officer Doug. I was ready to, too; I felt lucky the guys thought it was too outrageous, and would have been pushing me too far, to have suggested that, too.
Doug videoed me sucking off Eric's messy cock after the fuck, until he was hard, and then he turned off the camera and just watched, as Eric took me a second time. Since there was no video for the second fuck, Eric just fucked me missionary, and he gave me a wonderful fuck. My orgasm was over the top wonderful, since we had the audience of Doug as a major catalyst.
Finally, all done, I got dressed, and then on a lark, I kissed both men goodbye. I kissed Eric, and then I turned and kissed Doug, then Eric again, then Doug again. Doug began to fondle my boobs, and to my shame, I just let him, as he kissed me over and over again. By the time I broke free and ran off, I was topless and putting on my top in the street as I ran from my lover and his friend, Officer Doug. I ran off scared; it had just felt too damn good when Officer Doug molested me. What a slut I was rapidly becoming. I blame it on the boredom of sheltering in place, you know?
**************
That night I lay in bed, going over and over again what I had done with Eric (and Doug), and how Eric had betrayed my trust with the blowjob in his Camaro, and how the two men were doubtless laughing at the memory of sexy Melissa, the collegiate bimbo slut. I was getting angry when Leo knocked on my bedroom door.
I was sleeping in my T shirt nightgown. It was a thin T shirt that was not that modest, since in the proper light one could see my nipples, areolas, and the shape of my boobs through the T shirt, as well as my artistically trimmed bush. At breakfast I always wore a bathrobe over it, but I was in bed, lying on top of the covers, so if I let Leo come in, he would get a nice gander, now, wouldn't he?
Well... fuck it. He's seen plenty of girls. "Come in," I called out, just loud enough for Leo to hear, but not our parents. Leo was carrying his laptop.
"I need to show you some porn a friend sent to me," Leo said.
This took me by surprise. "What?" I said. Since when did Leo want to show porn to his little sister? Why was he being so gross? It just wasn't like him; it wasn't like him at all. Usually he's much more respectful of me.
"I know, I know, it's weird. Trust me, though, you'll want to see this porn. I've watched it five times, already," Leo said. "Porn is always better when it's someone you know."
Now I was interested. I'll bet the porn actress is Katie. She was the biggest slut in high school, and her family is dirt poor. She'd need the money, too. She'd be the perfect candidate to be seduced into doing porn.
"The video is all over town. You need to see it," Leo said.
"It's Katie, isn't it?" I said. I was sure it was her.
"No. Apparently it was made with a police video camera. It began with circulating just within the police, but it spread instantly, it seems, to the whole county," Leo said.
My stomach rose to my throat. My heart broke. My self-respect died. I felt suicidal.
"Show it to me," I said, and I didn't even recognize my own voice as I spoke.
****************
Leo comforted me. He had now seen me naked, and even fucking, and even fucking in three different positions. He had seen me climaxing, moaning and screaming, and it was all real, not acting. He had seen it all on video. Everyone had. I had to leave town, and never return.
"Help me pack. I'm going to Grandma and Grandpa's," I said.
"You can't," Leo said.
"Like fuck I can't. Help me, or get out of my way," I said. My anger was the only thing keeping my together.
"You might have the virus. You could infect them. They could die. Sorry, but you can't go to them. Besides, Grandpa has surely seen the video by now. How could you face him?"
"Really? Grandpa??" I asked.
"He has a serious porn habit. He's a dirty old man," Leo said.
I was about to ask Leo how on God's green earth he knew that, but I stopped myself. I didn't want to know.
I screamed. "ARRRGGGHHHH!!" It seemed to me at the time to be the only reasonable response.
"Leo, help me. What can I do?" I saidly softly, with tears streaming down my face.
"I understand," Leo said, and he did what he does so well, so very well. He comforted me, he stroked my hair, and he told me not to worry, we'd get past this. He said 'we', and not me. It meant the world to me.
"Own your shame. Be proud of how fabulous you look, how every guy in the county is going want to fantasize he's Eric fucking you. Shelter in place for at least two weeks, and don't leave the house. It'll blow over, you'll see," Leo said.
"Thanks, Leo, I appreciate your efforts. But you know damn fucking well it's not going to blow over. Even words like 'blow over' make me shudder. No girl looks good giving a blowjob, and you know that." In a moment of weakness, I asked, "Do I look fat in the video? Be honest, Leo."
"I wasn't watching it that way, Melissa. I'll watch it again and let you know if you look fat or not. One thing I can say, though, is you're the sexiest woman I've ever seen," Leo said.
Then it hit me. "Leo, you said you watched it already the video five times. Why? Why multiple times? Didn't one time disgust you enough? I'm your sister, Leo. Your sister, dammit!"
"Shh! Mom and Dad will hear. Melissa, I know you're my sister, and that alone is what makes this video so fucking hot," he said.
"Bad choice of words," I said.
Leo chuckled, and then he said, "Melissa, I fantasized I was Eric doing those things with you. I fantasize about you a lot."
"You do?" I whispered so softly, it was barely audible.
"Yes, I do," he said, and he kissed me once again. I kissed him back. They were no longer kisses of comfort. The kisses were the beginning of something, something that scared the bejesus out of me!
I would love it if you would consider leaving a comment!