Hi Nadia!
First of all, welcome to the city! Please let me sincerely thank you for contacting Sabrina's Dating Consultancy and for engaging with our Dating App Profile Review Service. I have read your background, stated desires and requirements with great interest, as well as your social media presence and app profiles, and I think I have some ideas about why you have been struggling on the dating scene since moving to this country.
For your case, I agree with your current strategy of meeting like-minded guys via dating apps, as you have been attempting so far. I love the profile you have put together and your clear sense of humour and style, but I have put together a series of suggestions for you to jazz it up with your picture portfolio - adding a little "rizz", shall we say! :-P
1) YOUR OPENING PICTURE. App dating is essentially a race between you and all the other girls in the city as to who can attract the attention of the guys the fastest. At stage one, therefore, you are going to need to pique your audience's interest from the outset. In reality, this is going to mean using your breasts to your advantage. To net an eligible suitor to not auto swipe left on you, you *need* to be using your breasts, and particularly your nipples, to arouse immediate and powerful curiosity. A photo with an exceptional amount of cleavage can also work here, but you are going to have to be willing to fully advertise your breasts and nipples later anyway, so any modesty here will not really benefit you, but will reduce your hit rate. With your body type especially, nipples are going to be more of a useful tool. I gather from what you have told me previously that you are not likely to have a suitable photo already - do you own anything thin enough that will show off your body as I have described?
As I always say - natural is the way to go. My suggestion would be to find your outfit, arrange a meeting with your friends, leave your bra at home, and make sure that some pictures are taken!
Just try to remember that the ladies you are competing with will often be opening their profiles with themselves in mesh bras on the beach or in totally sheer blouses and making out with their friends in a nightclub, so you cannot afford to be too conservative here. I am doing my best to offer advice on netting a guy you like whilst sticking to your morals as closely as possible i.e. the tamest viable dating profile that still gives you a chance at success.
2) REMAINING PROFILE. I know you will not want to hear this, but as a woman, your profile is a vehicle for you to advertise your body to your audience. I like what you have put together with the prompts, but really what you write there is not going to win or lose you many matches. You can leave that the same. My suggestions for your remaining five pictures are;
a) Your second picture *must*, unfortunately, be the picture in which you show what you've got. This will take the form of you, at a beach, in a swimsuit, full display, no covering, head to toe, nude except for a very small amount of cloth. The aim of this picture is to get your audience picturing your naked body, and getting it close to correct. So, select your beachwear accordingly and make sure to not hide anything from the photographer.
Further, in no particular order, are some other essentials;
b) An *implied* nude selfie at home. This picture is to enforce the idea in the mind of the audience that you are generally available and often undressed at home, and if they message you then there is a likelihood that you are in such a state of undress when reading and responding to their message. This can be an out-of-frame topless photo, a picture of your face with some kind of reflective surface in the background showing nudity, or a bottomless sweater picture. Get creative and don't be too obvious.
c) One or two further photos of you braless (or otherwise without underwear) whilst out and about. You need to instill the impression that you are a liberal and fun-loving girl who does not mind people looking at her body, and would probably turn up in a similar state if they were to match and arrange to meet her. Capture different angles and different outfits that showcase your chest as much as possible.
d) You in traditional wear, and with your navel visible. This will be your USP and may serve to counteract or justify the relatively conservative nature of the rest of your profile. However, you must still maintain an element of appeal. Get that midriff out!
e) In the remaining slots you may retain some of the photos from your previous profile, to maintain an authentic impression of yourself.
Following the steps I have set out above, I do not doubt that you will get a number of matches with people you find suitable and that you will get along with enough with your natural personality. However, date night itself is a hurdle where many fall, and I cannot ethically leave you hanging without my advice on how to navigate this. My business model relies on people failing at this step and returning to me for advice, but I feel a real connection with you based on your history and I really want you to succeed here, and I have taken the liberty of including a personalised guide for first dates, free of charge.
3) DATE NIGHT. People get busy, flake, change their minds, match other girls online, or get baited into putting "bros before hoes" - you need to prevent this from happening. The way to get a guy to turn up 100% of the time is to show him the potential reward for a good night. Ultimately, the only way to lock a date in is by showing them your naked body ahead of time. There is no way around this. I know, I know, this *technically* conflicts with the conditions you set out on the form, but please stick with me here - it's all part of the plan.
My suggestion would be a "just getting ready" photo, or similarly "looking forward to meeting you!". The caption is not really important, but it is easy to think of a sensible one. The photo meanwhile needs to be a full frontal mirror selfie, nothing hidden (or at least, all the important bits showing ;-D), and you need to show your excitement for the meeting, which means including your face and SMILING with everything you have. This is a necessary step. If all goes according to plan later, he will be seeing all of this with his own eyes and will not be sharing your picture with anybody else, so I do not consider this a breach of your requirement that you do not sacrifice any dignity to get your guy.
On the day, your main aim will be for you both to be back at your place. Remember, this guy now has your nudes and no qualms yet about sharing them, so you must endeavour to complete the plan. To ensure this, you are going to need to dress the part, i.e. for his enjoyment. This is going to mean THIN and TIGHT materials. Firstly, the bra is staying at home. As before, your chest is going to be your primary weapon in this phase. This means nipples CLEARLY visible and breasts FREE TO MOVE. When you walk, laugh, shake hands, adjust your position - your breasts should be jiggling and bouncing as if you were sitting in front of him topless. For the sake of your stated desire for public modesty, you may cover other parts of your body, but I really do not recommend attending with any more than two of the following covered to the eye - your arms, your upper chest, your cleavage, your midriff, your feet, your upper legs and your back. In this condition, even if you guys are not a great fit, he will be captivated enough by your outfit that there is no likelihood of a premature conclusion to the night, and he will definitely be treating you right the whole time. If he's picking you up, all you should need to have on your person is your house key, a pair of shoes or sandals, a short skirt and a crop top.
(Incidentally, a good rule for going out with a guy is to have as little with you as possible. The closer you can get to just being a natural woman and letting the man take care of you, the better. If you're on a date with little outdoor walking, you can take this to an extreme - leave the shoes at home, wear a short dress and hide your house key in the front garden. No distractions, no obstacles, no concerns. Just you, him, about 50 g of fabric, and a great evening.)
After this stage, it is time to enjoy yourself. Have a date. Find out if you are mutually compatible. Enjoy yourself. Let him and those around you enjoy your appearance, your presence and your amazing, authentic personality.
4) END OF DATE. At the end of the date, you are going to make your man cum. Whether you liked him or not, had a good time or not, this is a part of dating etiquette here that you should not break. If you like him, this is your key to a chance at a second date. Making him orgasm will also be your way of showing him your gratitude for meeting you, paying for your date, and giving you a good time. If you do not take care of him at the end of the night, you will inevitably lose to the girl from last week or that he will meet tomorrow who lets him put it in her ass and stay the night - there are no two ways around this sadly.
If you did not click with the guy in real life, however, then making him cum is even more critical - it's a matter of dignity. After a bad date, your guy still has no strong reason not to share the nudes you sent him earlier with all of his buddies, and from there you have no idea where it will spread. You can choose to view this as strings-free training, wherein you can practice your skills without the pressure of securing a second meeting. Your first few times at this will not be very skilled, so when you do come across your special someone, you will find it useful to have already practiced with a few other men. Even if, as I suspect you will, you lose the concern over the spread of your naked photos online or across campus, it is always best to keep people happy and win friends in a small town such as this. At the end of this transaction, he is primally satisfied, you got a free meal and some valuable practice, and you can both never meet again without any regrets or worries - everyone's happy!!
Stimulating a partner with your hands and mouth after a date really is a matter of etiquette, and I hope that you will not consider this important act a stain on your honour. When you practice this for the first time I believe that you will realise this, as well as learn the joy and dignity of using your mouth to give pleasure, and the pride in the good work done symbolised by the feeling of warm, soft cum on your skin.
I leave the specifics of this art to you, but as you claim [;-)] never to have done this before, there are some key elements I must emphasise. a) Remember that there is no such thing as a good blowjob that does not use hands, and or a good handjob that does not involve your mouth. The tip of his cock needs to remain in your mouth where it is warm and comfortable, whilst your hands are the main tool for stimulation. b) The final piece of the puzzle is you making him cum onto your face or chest. Even if you're in a position where naturally he would shoot in your mouth, readjust ASAP once you feel it coming - so be alert! This will be important later. You can typically tell when a man is about to orgasm if you have your lips around his penis, but even if you miss it at first there are normally several spurts of cum. So, if you feel a burst of warm liquid in your mouth then get his penis outside your mouth and pointed at your face in time for the next ones.
Some men are unfortunately difficult or slow to bring to climax manually. The longer this stage goes on, the greater the chance will be that they request the use of your vagina to cum in, a request which would be improper to refuse. For me, this is no big deal, but I understand that in your culture this is a more sacred act, and I totally respect that - it's so cute! In order to get ahead of this, you should maximise his stimulation. Over time you will be able to do this with your mouth, but as a first instance, you need to do things that will increase overall excitement - remove clothes, perform in less than total privacy, don't protest if he tries to take control, be submissive. Think fully naked and on your knees in front of your doorframe, or maybe of discarding your shirt somewhere and snuggling up to him on a secluded park bench. If someone sees you, it's really no big deal - 99.99% of people either ignore you totally or just stand to watch for a while before moving on. You're just two human beings enjoying the conclusion of a great date. Nothing to see here.
It is possible that he will try to take control of business by holding your head in his hands and moving you up and down to his own rhythm, or pushing you against a wall and fucking your mouth like he would if it were one of your other holes. This is a good sign for you as it means he is likely determined to use your mouth to bring himself to orgasm, and there won't be any awkward situations with him trying to put it in your vagina, or kiss you or anything weird. So, in this circumstance, I suggest relaxing and letting him use your mouth - but being careful not to miss those orgasm warning signs!
However they may pressure you, I suggest avoiding any acts of greater intimacy on the first date, such as kissing or letting him try to "return a favour". Both of these are very intimate acts whose first instance should be delayed. For your case in particular, a girl's first-ever kiss is one of the most precious and meaningful moments, which I would never advise to yield casually. Really get to know all aspects of your man over at least several weeks before letting him kiss you.
5) AFTERWARDS. Your hardest work is done, but I still strongly suggest dispelling any notion of feigned enjoyment or a failed outing. This should take the form of a thank you text. This text will feature a picture of you, your naked body, your excited, smiling face, and the untouched cum which he recently deposited onto you and you are in no rush to remove. The caption will be "Thanks for a great night!" or similar. There is no real method to this photo, but the best cum facial/cum-covered pics involve some dripping, hanging action. The way it hangs on to your nipples or chin is amazing and guys love to see it. If it dries out on your body before you can get home to take a picture, that is fine - even flaky, dry cum will show up well on your skin in a photo due to the contrast. This will confirm your status as a good girl worthy of respect, and his status as a strong, virile alpha male, and make it morally impossible for him to later share your nudes or cross you in any other way. Even if he wants a second date and you don't for example, he cannot feel jilted this way, and he will have the memories of your body and your intimate moment forever.
Relationships and the events that occur after the first date fall outside of my speciality, but I must advise you if you do go on a second date, it will have to involve sex in the sense of him penetrating your body with his penis. Two dates without sex here would be viewed as extremely prudish and reduce your quality as potential girlfriend material. In fact, simply sucking his dick again with no escalation would probably be interpreted as a rejection and an attempt to terminate the dating relationship in a polite way. If you are not interested in seeing him a third time, then this is the method, but to continue the relationship, you need to let him put it inside you at this point.
Of course, the easiest and most natural way, and my recommendation, would be to let him use your vagina, but I get that that's a no-go for you, which only leaves your bottom. The thing about this is that your anus is not designed to accept large objects, so you need to start training it well ahead of time, i.e. today. There are many guides for this online, but my suggestion after your progress from fingering is to purchase actual sex toys which are designed to minimise injury risk. Start small and with lubrication, and then continually increase the size to toys slightly beyond the range at which you are comfortable. Over the next few months and years until you are ready to give up your "virginity", I suspect that you will be letting quite a few different men put their penises inside your anus on quite a regular basis. As you may or may not know men can vary substantially in size and circumference, so there is no upper limit beyond which it is not sensible to train your anus. Even if it starts to feel loose, men take that as an indication of experience and will be into it. So, start today!
Aaand, that's it! All the steps to the first stages of finding a future husband you love are right here. Please do keep in touch and let us know how everything goes. If you need further advice on photos or other dating-related queries, I am not contractually able to offer my service for free, but please use the code SABRINA2023 on the website for a 75% discount.
Wishing you all the best & good luck with your studies!
Sabrina