~*~This was written for my Beloved Master. Thank you Sir for the Inspiration~*~
*
It was my first day with Him. The plane ride made me a nervous wreck but i was determined to keep calm. i had met Him before of course, but that was on my terms. My soil. My land. This time it was all His, and that was what made me nervous.
Master Alexander was in a category all His own. He was beautiful, sexy, confident, and smart. All these things, I liked in a man, and it made for Him to be the perfect Master.
The plane touched down and everyone got off calmly. Grabbing my carry-on, i followed the crowd to the baggage claim centre to get my suitcase then to the terminal where i would meet my owner. My eyes searched the sea of faces and all of a sudden it was as if there was no one there but me and Him. My brown eyes locked on His blue ones and i couldn't help but feel my stomach flutter in pleasure. The "A" and "S" that i had written in ink on my inner wrists tingled at the thought of how close i was to Him. i walked through the crowd never taking my eyes off of His beautiful face and resisted from hugging Him when i finally was within arms reach. He pulled me into a hug and that's when i found out that there was nothing like the way a Master wrapped His strong arms around His seemingly fragile, beloved Sub's little body. No type of carnal pleasure could top the feel of a Master's hug. After what seemed like an eternity, Master Alexander pulled away and wordlessly walked with me from the airport to His car.
The ride home was quite aside of semi-meaningless conversation. i barely heard of word of anything He said as He asked about my flight and as He gave me the compact tour of Cornwall. His voice was so strong, yet so melodious that i focused on the accent, not the words or their meanings.
"Gabrielle!"
The stern note brought me back to the present making me snap at attention. "Yes Master Alex," i asked quietly.
"Did you hear anything I said?"
i shook my head guiltily. "No Sir. i'm afraid not."
A small smile played across His lips as He watched the road.
"You need to pay attention, little one," He said. "i was going to give you your rules for your stay here."
Almost my whole body turned to Him as i waited for Him to speak. Clearly amused, He started talking once again allowing me to hear the beautiful Englishman's accent.
"Rule Number 1: No going outside the flat without me. There's a lot of people who would like to snatch up a beautiful young American woman and we can't have that."
He waited until i nodded in affirmation before continuing with the list of rules. Everything was pretty standard. Remember to say "yes Sir" and "no Sir", speak your opinions, but do so respectively, when in a group of people excuse yourself before speaking, and so on and so forth ad nauseum.
"Yes Master Alexander," i said as we pulled up to His apartment. i was giddy on the inside at the mere idea of staying with Him for a week.
***
Master lead me to His bedroom so i could unpack and i could barely contain my excitement. Before boarding the plane in Maryland, i followed the instructions that i was given days before. Twice before boarding, Three times during flight, and once before descent i was to play with myself, however, all six times i was to deny myself the orgasm that i had been craving all week. i needed one and it took all my control not to pounce the sexy Englishmen who was staring at my miniskirt as i unpacked.
"Remove your panties," He said suddenly as He reached over and pulled out my other remaining pairs. Wordlessly, i pulled off the cumbersome scrap of underwear and handed it to Him. i turned and watched Him quietly as He wadded them up and threw them in a nearby waste basket and said to me, "While you are here, none of those."
i nodded once again and murmured a quiet "yes Sir," as i looked down at my shoes. He noticed my slight discomfort and tilted my head up with His fingertips so i could look Him in the eyes. "My Beautiful Slut," He whispered before kissing me deep and releasing me all too quickly. My body was set on fire that absolute moment but i knew He would make me wait. i knew Him all too well.
"Come to the living area when you are done," He said tersely and He was gone from the room in an instant.
***
i walked back to the room and took into consideration what i was wearing. i pulled out my shortest miniskirt which came to my mid thigh and a button down that sat a little tight against my breasts. Thanks to Him, i now had no panties, but i still had on my VS demi bra on. Tres sexy, i thought as i came to kneel before my Master who was pecking on His laptop on the couch. i waited patiently until He closed the lid and looked at me obviously pleased.
"Good girl," He whispered running His fingers through my hair. "You have learned from our last encounter have you not?"
"Yes Sir i have," i whispered. "i want to please you and whatever i can do i will do to make you happy."
He leaned down and kissed my forehead lightly before sitting back. "Just a delight, you are," He whispered mostly to Himself than to me. He thought for a moment then i guess He found His thoughts. "Have you done what i asked before your journey?"
i nodded eagerly and squirmed lightly on my knees trying to find some type of relief to the throbbing in my nether regions. "Show me."
i followed the command almost immediately as i stood and bent over facing the opposite direction. Wetness slid down my leg as i felt myself open up to His eyes. He murmured appreciatively as i grew impossibly wetter under His gaze. "You want to come don't you," He asked.
i nodded not able to find my words and the light swat came out of no where reminding me to use my words. "Yes Sir i do want to please," i whispered. i felt a fingertip against my nether lips and i almost collapsed. i was so close. The slightest touch would send me over but i knew better. i wasn't going to get what i wanted so soon. He was going to make me wait. Master Alexander, i was willing to bet, was the type to go for delayed gratification. The longer you waited....the better it would be in the end.
i don't know how long i sat in that agonizing position. Was it moments, minutes, hours? i didn't have a clue. His fingers flew across the keys of His laptop as i sat there wondering if He knew the agony i felt. i smelt my arousal, the honey sweet nectar dripped down my legs as He pretended to ignore me.
"Sir?" my voice came out quivering.
"Yes, my pet," He answered sweetly.
"May i please stand," i asked. "The position is...erm...quite uncomfortable."
i manage to look back at Him, just in time to catch the smirk that played at the corners of His mouth.We played the game back in the US, and all it did was make me want more than i had. i begged Him constantly for my relief, but there was no relief until He said so.
"And what will you do if given permission to stand," He asked aiming His gaze back to the screen to finish up.
"Anything," i begged. "Just please let me up, Sir."
A low laugh vibrated through my body and made my neck hair stand up on end. He found me to be quite humorous. He understood my pain to an extent of being denied orgasm after orgasm, and He wanted to push me to that edge and make that boundary almost nonexistent. if i knew anything about my Master, it would be that He wanted me to grow and to learn how to adapt and overcome. To learn how to adapt from a situation that makes me hornier than a hormone driven teenage boy and to grow from it and learn to deal with it.
"i will let you up," said Master Alex, "but only to play a game."
"What kind of game?" came out before i could stop it.
i was facing forward once again so my neck would not get sore, and my palms were rested flat against the cool tile. The snap of the laptop sounded through the living room and i felt Him shift behind me to put it away. Before i knew it, i was face to face with my beautiful Master and His wonderful smile.
"Are you a betting woman, Gabrielle?"
"Some days of the week. It depends on what i'm betting Sir?"
"Days. How many days of your two weeks here will you be naked."
My brown skin took a light shade of pink as i thought about it. Of course, Master Alex has seen me au natural before, but never had i thought of how it would be to parade around the flat for two weeks.
"What if i'm not a betting woman sir," i asked carefully.
The charming smile took over His face as He said quietly, "if not...then you sit in the same position that you hate so much and i torment you as much as i please whenever i please." He paused letting it sink in before striking the final nail into the coffin of my fate. "i almost forgot to mention, no coming the entire time you are on English soil."
i sat and thought about the choices before me. The blood rushed to my brain as i tried my best to form a coherent thought and my sanity was slowly leaving me with every drip of blood and also my nectar. He drove a hard bargain. Either i could spend the rest of the two weeks with my modesty, be further denied what i wanted, and tormented; OR i could give into the bet and hope for the best.
i chose to give in.
"i am a betting woman today, Master" i replied in a quiet but strong voice.
His laugh ran shivers down my body and made the hairs on my neck stand on end. My spine grew ridged as i prepared to accept my fate.
"You may stand" He said as He stood Himself.
i stood up too quickly. A wave of dizziness surged through me as all the blood rushed back to the right places. Stumbling, i took hold of Master Alex as support before toppling over. i looked up at Him in question as to what i was betting and He spoke.
"i m going to give you the opportunity to give into your desires," my eyes lit up as He spoke but He only continued and i didn't dare interrupt "but the game we are going to play is a race against time and for days." He waited for the light of understanding to pass over my face before continuing.
"Remember how i timed you, back in the US? We are going to play the same game only i am not going to tell you to stop. You will go as long as you possibly can and for every minute you make it past your..." He stopped and pulled out His phone to look at His notes, "...7 minute limit , that's a day that you are fully clothed. Understand?"
i nodded quietly and quickly said, "Yes Sir, Master Alexander."
"Good girl," He smiled before sitting back on the couch. "i would like you to begin now."
My heart raced as He said those words. My inner exhibitionist yawned and rubbed the sleep from her eyes as I sat on the couch across from Him. He knew I wouldn't last too long. I knew I wouldn't last long, but it as worth the try.
"Undress for me before you begin," He said with a wolfish stare
I froze lightly as I recognized the reasoning behind the order. Exhibitionists, like me, we love to be looked at...to be watched...to be loved...to be adored. We get off on it.
When Master came to me a few months ago, I paraded around in my bikini for a few hours, and just knowing that He wanted me and was holding back was the most erotic thing I had ever felt. Never had I felt anything like it and it was all my Master's doing.
My fingers drifted down my body to the button of my denim skirt as my thoughts drifted away. The button popped loose without resistance. Slowly, my skirt slid down my legs revealing the "property of Master Alexander" pen mark on my hipbone. I looked down at it then up at Him blushing lightly before standing up and letting my skirt fall to a puddle to the floor. My heart pounded against my ribcage as my fingers took on a mind of their own and my shirt joined my skirt. His pools of blue darkened as more of my skin revealed itself to Him. Of course, He had seen it before, but as said before, it was His turf now. It was a completely different ball-game.