Tears drives through the night and day to get to Virginia to meet her Master Hawk at the train station. Finally she makes there and parks the car, only to rush in and find that his train is late. "How late is the train going to be?"
"I'm afraid I can't tell you exactly when the train will arrive but why don't you ask me again in another hour?"
"Another hour? But I've been waiting an hour already."
"I'm sorry Miss but there's nothing I can do." Tears walks away, feeling as if she could cry more tears than the rain drops that fall. Perhaps that's why her name is Tears; she was never really told why she was named Tears.
She walks over to the small café in the train station. She's not eaten all day but she only gets a drink. She sits down and in walks a very tall, slender black man with a mustache. He sits down diagonally across from her and blows her a kiss. She blushes but tries to hide her face behind her long blonde ponytail. She sips on her tea and in a few mins the man rises and walks over to sit down across from her. "Hello there beautiful."
"Umm Hello."
"How are you this rainy day? Are you waiting for a train? Where are you going?"
"I'm fine. Yes, I'm waiting for a train to arrive so I can pick up a passenger."
"You're not taking the train, then. Who are you picking up if you don't mind me asking?"
"I'm waiting for my Master. He's on the train from Pennsylvania," not wanting to be too specific with a stranger but wanting him to know I was waiting for my Master.
"What's a Master?" but then he chuckled and asked "What would he do if I kissed you?"
"I don't know what he'd do other than knock you on your ass but I'd scream very loudly."
"Ok ok, I get the message." He stood up and walked away. I sat at the booth watching my cell and texting my Master. Since my phone was down to 10 % charged, I was ordered to turn off the phone, which I did. The man, who'd been blowing kisses and talking to me, walked back inside and sat down with me again. He wanted to chat about my relationship with my Master.
I wasn't up to trying to explain BDSM to this stranger so I got up and walked back to the counter and asked if they had any more news about the train. I was informed another 2 hour wait.
As I was returning to the café, I mumbled to myself "if only I could charge my phone." The couple sitting closest to me as I passed stopped me to inform me that I could charge my phone on the wall. I tossed my drink into the trash and ran through the rain to my car. I got my charger out of my suitcase and ran back into the station, where I plugged it into the receptacle on the wall. I sat waiting and watching the clock and my phone.
An hour later I noticed a bus had arrived but figured it wasn't mine. I looked up from my phone on the floor to see my Master. My face lit up as I rose and ran to his arms. "You're here. You finally made it. They told me 2 more hours." He caught me up in his arms and kissed me gently.
"Let's go. Where's the car?" I snatched my phone off the floor and the charging cable. We made our way to my car, where he tossed in his luggage. Then looked at me and said. "Empty arms now Tears. Kiss me." I gave my Master the deepest and longest kiss I could. One foot lifted off the ground as he finished kissing me. "You came twice didn't you?"
"Yes Master, I did."
"I heard the soft squeals in my mouth. Let's go."
"Master, will you drive?"
"You don't like driving in the rain?" I gently shook my head and he laughed as he kissed the top of my head. He held the door open and I slipped into the passenger seat. He moved the driver's seat back and the steering wheel up before sitting down. We arrived at a very expensive high class hotel. It wasn't busy considering the time of year it was. Master got us checked in and then he parked the car.
We popped the truck and my heavy luggage was removed. "You do realize you are pulling all this into the hotel?"
"Yes Master, you told me."
"Alright then let's go." He picked up his bag, while I pulled to suitcases behind me on wheels. We got into the elevator. I started to turn around after the doors closed. "No Pet, Stay this way. The back wall will open."
"Yes Master," and about that time the wall behind us opened up as we reached our floor. I pulled my luggage out, staying behind my Master as we walked across the floor to the door which allowed us access onto the hotel floor by room key. Then we went down the hall, me dragging my wheeled suitcases.
We reached our room and Master opened the door. He held it opened as I wheeled into the room. Shaking his head, he said "I can't believe you packed that much." I just giggled. "Strip mine."
I sat on the bed while he put his bag on the table and opened the drapes. "Umm Master?"
He turned around saying "I saw this coming as soon as I saw you at the station." He grabbed one leg, which I held in the air and pulled off my rain boot. The plastic boots had gotten very tight around my legs during the drive up. I held up my other leg and he pulled it. "Point your toes, Tears." I pointed my toes in the boot. "No, mine. Point your toes the other way." I did and he got the second boot off.
We were both laughing at me. He was laughing because I pointed my toes the wrong way and me because I was so happy. I jumped up and kissed him again. "Strip, mine." I pulled off everything I had on. "Inspection position." I took the position. "Good girl, you remembered." Then the small vibrator hit the clit which belongs to him. I cried out and squealed as my legs began to quiver. "That damn fast, mine?"
"Yes Master."
He stood up and smacked my ass sending me onto the bed on my tummy. "Roll over and come to the end of the bed." I did but he grabbed both my legs and with one pull, I was at the end of the bed laughing happily. He shoved his big thick cock deep inside his pussy. He pumped in and out as he held my legs up. He split my legs wide apart and watched as he barreled into me, hard and fast. I squealed again and felt a pillow hit my face.
I looked up. "Where did you find this, Master?"
"Behind your head." I know I looked puzzled, trying to figure out how he reached over me to snag a pillow. But it was too late. I was building another orgasm.
"Master, another one. Big one this time."
"Scream into the pillow."
I proceeded to remove the pillow from my face and scream "Master" as loud as I could.
"You are so blond. You removed the pillow and then screamed. Cover your face with the pillow." He laughed at me but kept pounding his pussy. "Who owns this pussy?"
"You do Master."
"How owns this body?"
"You do Master," squealing at the end as I came again. My Master beat me with his big thick dick until I was screaming into the pillow and squirming over the bed.
"You aren't getting away from me?" Then he'd jerk me back down by pulling my legs. "Where do you think you're going?"
"Master, another big one is coming."
"Let it, mine and stay in the pillow." It was a long time as I felt his cock up in my belly and road nothing but clouds higher and higher into the sky.
"Where are you Tears?"
"Umm well, umm"
He smiled down at me. "Never mind mine. Just keep cumin and floating away. You won't get too far. I have your legs."
"Yes Master," with another squeal as I try to cover my face with the pillow, but fail.
"That's it girl, removing the damn pillow instead of screaming into it," he chuckles at me. My Master beats me like a jackhammer in the cement until he cums. I'm ready for dinner. Get dressed and let's go."
"Yes Master." I hop off the bed and head to the bathroom and then quickly pull on my leggings and sweater with my furry boots. We hopped into the car and went to the restaurant across the highway. Master ordered a big dinner and I got a sandwich. Master wanted to carry the leftovers back to the hotel so we filled the box with the rest of his dinner and the other half of my sandwich. Carrying the box and walking back to the car, I hopped over the rain puddles and slipped into the seat.
My Master drove us back to the hotel. We again used the key to get into the hallway and then into our room. I put the food in the fridge and stripped as soon as I got into the room. "Without permission, mine?" I ran over to kiss him and giggled. My ass was swatted and then I crawled into bed and pulled up the covers. My Master did the same as it was very late. "Take your meds, mine."
"Yes, Master." I hopped out to take my meds which I've been taking for so many years since the semi totaled my mustang, squishing me inside. Then I crawled back into bed and into his arms. "Night, Master."
Master turned on the television but it wasn't long before we were both out. Master tried to wake me the next morning. "Ten more minutes, pleeeasseee," came the voice from under the covers.
I believe Master rose, had his coffee and got a newspaper to read. "Up now mine. Get dressed."
"Five more minutes."
"You had that an hour ago," as I got swatted with the paper. I rolled over in the bed and wiggled the covers down to my ankles.
"Are you sure Master?"
"You snore."
"You hum, Master."
"No, I don't."
"Well, I don't snore."
"Don't argue. And by the way, stay in bed." Master pounced and I squealed. Master shoved another pillow over my face. "You are so loud, mine." More giggles from under the pillow as fingers began to walk over my body.
My nipples were swatted and pulled. "I do like my tits, mine. I do like the silvery lavender color of my pussy, mine." I giggled happy to be in his arms once again. His fingers found his clit and soon my giggles changed to squeals.
Again I am dragged down the bed as my Master rises to spread my legs apart and torture his clit and pussy. I try to roll and twist in the bed only to be smacked on the ass and told "Lie still." I lay still and soon my Master slams into his pussy again. This time my body bucks and rises. "Trying to get fucked harder, my little slut?" He grins down at me and says "You shall receive." The harder he thrust into his pussy, the louder I screamed and the more I bucked back up.
As soon as my Master has determined that I have cum enough for now, he pulls out and lies on the bed. His hand grasps my ponytail as he bends my head over to his still rock hard cock. I bend my head over and wiggle down in the bed. Lifting his cock up, I lick the underside of it and then take the head in my mouth.
I suck on it as my tongue swirls around the head. Master moans softly "Good girl." I open my mouth wider and take all of him into my mouth. I begin to suckle and tease his cock gently with my teeth.
His hand caresses my naked back and my ponytail as I devour his cock. "Lick my balls girl." I do as he commands and curl my body around his leg so he can reach me. I nuzzle into his groin as I suck and lick his cock. I take it all down as he begins to buck into my mouth.
"Good girl. God, keep it up." I continue until nibbling and sucking on Master's cock and balls until he says "Give me my tits now!" I put my large oversized breasts up to his dick as he cums over them and in my hair.
I run to the bathroom and turn on the hot water. I wash off myself while the water is warming. Then I return to my Master with a nice warm wet cloth to wash him with. "Good girl. You remembered." I get a pat on the ass and told "Now get dressed."
"Yes, Master." I run to put the cloth away and start dressing. I pull on my leggings and sweater with the fur boots.
"Not taking your coat?"
"No, Master. I think it's too warm outside."
"It's 50 degrees outside Tears."
"Yes, Master and I don't need my coat." We leave together with me about 2 steps behind him as we head to the elevator and then the car. Master and I climbed in the car. He had set the GPS to the location we were going. We wound up at St. John's Church on Broad Street. It's the oldest church in the city of Richmond. It's an Episcopal Church.
We parked and entered the church. It was very quiet and somber but beautiful. The pews are set inside in what I remember were called 'family areas'. There was a door to open to enter the pew and sit down, and then the door is closed behind you. There were larger ones which had been made at the time for the most elite families in Richmond. The stained glass windows were very beautiful. We weren't allowed to sit in the pews but it was sort of sad that such a large, beautiful church was no longer in use.
The graveyard had headstones which were so old you couldn't read the inscriptions. There were a few which were above ground. We took our time to stroll the graveyard and we found the graves of George Wythe and Eliza Poe. Wythe was the first law professor in the state of Virginia and a judge. He also was one of the first of the Virginia men who signed the Declaration of Independence.
Eliza Poe was the mother of the great gothic poet and short story writer, Edgar Allen Poe. She was born in England and was buried in this cemetery. She had been an actress and her husband, David Poe had abandoned the family. He was not Edgar's father. I started to cry at all the old tombstones of the children and people who had left this earth before us. Master put his arm around me and pulled me close against him, telling me "Don't cry mine. This is the way of existence on this world."
We left with me still wiping away tears. We were only a short distance from the Edgar Allen Poe Museum so that was where we headed next. The museum was in built in the same building where Poe had his first job as an editor. The building is the right place for this as it is located within buildings connected by brick walkways and a lovely garden with a large brick wall. The museum was started in 1906 but the city wanted to widen the road and demolish the building. But the city widened another street instead.
The restoration group went back to working on the museum. There is lovely green garden, inspired by Poe's poem "To One in Paradise." The museum has many portraits of Edgar and few of his family. The museum opened in 1922. There are busts of Poe everywhere. There is even one outside the museum, loving kissed by those who admire Poe, leaving loving red lipstick kisses on the white bust. I kissed the bust as Master had me wear red lipstick.
There are even a few busts and paintings of the black raven, from Poe's most famous poem "The Raven." I was surprised to find out that this work was published in 1845. There are movies inspired by this poem. There are even two black cats that live in the museum and the garden. One is Edgar and the other is Pluto. The black cats are living representations of Poe's story "The Black Cat."
Master decided that it was time for us to eat. So we got back in the car and he headed to the Mexican restaurant he had seen earlier. We stopped and got take out. We went back to the hotel, where I was told to strip. I climbed in bed with my food and we ate our late lunch. Master and I talked for hours. Then he noticed my eyes were closing. "Does my Tears need a nap?"
I nodded. "Yes Master."
"Do you need to take anything?"
"No Master not until after dinner."
"Alright then slide down under the covers." I did as Master said and he climbed in the bed to cuddle me close. I slept curled up in his arms while he watched some television. I felt my Master's hands moving slowly through my hair as I moaned softly, half asleep. "Wake up, Tears. It's time for dinner. Where do you want to go?"
"I don't know Master."
"I think you need to think of something then."
"Yes, Master." I started to search for restaurants in Richmond. I found one I wanted to go to and Master put the address into the GPS on his phone.
He smacked my ass. "Get up and dressed."
"Yes Master," I said as I bounded out of bed and into the bathroom to pee and brush my teeth. Then I slipped into my leggings, bra, sweater and boots. I felt his hand on my ass as we walked down the hallway to the elevator.
"That's mine," he said as his fingers slipped between my legs and he gently fingered his pussy. We ran into a woman with blond hair talking in the hallway on her phone. I told her hair was pretty and Master called "Here my girl."
"Yes Master," as I hurried to catch up. We got into the car and he handed me the phone. "Hold it just like that so I can see the map and listen so you can tell me what it says. You're the navigator."
"Yes, my Master." I smiled as I sat with him driving his girl to dinner. We arrived and went inside.
The girl asked "Two for dinner?" We were seated quickly and then Master got cold coffee which he quickly rectified with the waitress when she came by. We ate dinner slowly. Talking to each other and forgetting there were others in the restaurant since all we saw were each other. I stared into his eyes until he looked into mine, making me blush a soft rose color. We took sandwiches back to the hotel.
"Strip mine," he said as soon as we got back to the room. I did as ordered. "Sit here." He wanted me to sit on the very edge of the bed.
"Yes my Master." I did as he said. He pushed me back on the bed slowly. He then reached into his suitcase to get something. I squealed softly and he chuckled at me.
"Lay still Tears," he said as he began inserting the ben wa balls into his pussy. I didn't know how many balls at the time. "Now, get up on the bed," as he stripped and climbed into bed.
I moved quickly with a "yes Master." Master separated his legs as I lay down with my head over his leg. His fingers played on my back and my legs as I began to gently take the head of his cock into my mouth. I swirled my tongue around the head and then began to lick the underside of his cock.
I moved down so that I could reach his balls better. I began to lick them. Then I took the entire length of him into my mouth. Master moaned softly as I moved up and down on his cock.