TWO-AND-ONE-HALF YEARS LATER
Robert and Eddie were watching their toddlers play together while Abby and her daughter Gwen were shopping. The two little boys were born six weeks apart with the youngest (Abby and Eddie's) technically being the uncle of the oldest (Gwen and Robert's). The toddlers were almost two years old.
Robert and Eddie didn't have much in common except for their wives and babies. Robert was intelligent and was a successful accountant and a partner in his company. He was doing quite well financially, and although he was 40 years old when he met Gwen, he managed to impregnate and marry the hot little 18-year-old. He was tall, well-built and handsome. And now he had a son, Robert Jr.
Eddie wasn't overly bright. It took him 14 years to make it through 12 grades of public education, but he had managed to work his way up to being a shift supervisor at Morgan's Restaurant. He didn't make a lot of money, but he enjoyed his job and he moved in with Abby before they were married. He was six feet tall, 22 years old and weighed almost 330 pounds, but he had managed to impregnate and marry Abby, one of the hottest women he knows. And he also had a son, named Eddie Jr.
What the two men did have in common was, both women were white and both men were black. And Abby was the same age as Gwen's husband and Gwen was about the same age as Abby's husband. And both women were completely devoted to their husbands.
As the two men smiled at their toddlers, Robert's mind was drifting back to the weekend. He had taken Gwen to another swingers' club and watched his beautiful wife bang four big Hispanics while he was getting a blow job by an 18-year-old college cheerleader. He shook his head as he thought of how lucky he was to have found this hot little slut before she had been lapped up by someone else. He had fucked her on their first date and had broken her in to bondage, anal and threesomes within a month. He knew she had fallen in love with him immediately and had told him that she would do anything for him.
Since Robert was 40 years old at the time, he wanted a son as soon as possible and he thought this hot little blond would be the perfect mother and arm candy wife. But before he focused on getting her pregnant, he convinced her to accompany him to a swingers' club. They went two weekends in a row where he watched his hot little slut of a girlfriend get her pussy, mouth and ass pounded by three men the first weekend and five the second. Once he realized that she was truly a slut, he focused on making her the mother of his son.
After their son was born, Robert encouraged Gwen to quickly get back into shape, which she did. Gwen still attended college so Robert had to plan their extracurricular activities around his work and her classes and baby sitters. But over the last year-and-a-half, they had gone to swingers' clubs at least once-a-month. Robert always ended up with the youngest 18-year-old he could find, and then he would watch his hot little wife get gang banged by at least three, but not more than six, big men. Gwen fucked whoever Robert told her to fuck whether they were white, black, Hispanic, Asian or whatever.
Robert also used Gwen as an escort for a few of his clients, and discovered that most of them steered more business to his company whenever they had a shot at Gwen's hot little pussy. "Yeah," Robert thought to himself, "I am one lucky son-of-a-bitch to have landed this hot little slut. But I wonder how that big dumb Eddie is doing with his older red head slut."
"Hey Eddie," he said, "we have to have the two hottest wives on the planet. Don't you think?"
"Yeah boy," Eddie said. "I tell Abby all the time how pretty she is and how I can't believe she'd end up with a big fat dumb nigger like me."
Robert smirked at Eddie and asked, "Do you ever just take her out and show her off?"
"What do ya mean Robert?"
"I mean that you have a hot little slut for a wife, just like I do. Sometimes I make Gwen dress in a tiny little mini skirt and a see-thru blouse with no bra and take her out so other men can see how hot she is. Do you ever do that, Eddie?" Eddie's eyes were as big as saucers as he shook his head no. "Well, you should try it sometime. It's fun to watch all the other men drooling over my hot little wife and sometimes I even let them touch her. That drives them crazy because I'm the one taking her home to fuck her." Eddie giggled when Robert said 'fuck.'
"Well .. . . well, what do you do with little Robert when you do that?" Eddie asked. Robert patiently explained that they get a baby sitter, and Eddie nodded and said, "Oh yeah."
As the two men lapsed into silence while watching the toddlers, Eddie began thinking about the things Robert said. He wondered if he could get Abby to wear a mini skirt and see thru blouse or if she would just say she was too old.
Robert finally broke the silence, "Are you going to get laid tonight, Eddie?" Eddie grinned a stupid grin and nodded his head. "Well, that's good, buddy. I remember you telling me that she's your personal slut a couple of years ago." Eddie frowned when he recalled saying those words to Robert and wishing he hadn't. "I hope you've used all of her holes and had her screaming like a whore." Eddie grinned in embarrassment, but didn't say anything. "Well, Eddie, just make sure she doesn't forget who is in charge and that she is your property." Eddie grinned and nodded his head.
As Gwen and her mother were shopping, Gwen picked out a golf shirt for Robert. "That looks nice, Gwen. I think he'll like it." Gwen smiled and paid for the shirt. She turned and saw her mother buying a huge hockey shirt. She raised her eyebrow and Abby smiled and said, "Eddie loves these big old shirts. What can I say? We're both thinking of our men."
When they were in the car, Abby asked, "I hate having you and my grandson so far away, Gwen. Are you guys doing alright?"
"We're doing wonderful, Mom. Robert Jr. is fun. I love that little guy so much."
"Are you and Robert doing OK? Do you get time alone?" Abby asked.
Gwen smiled at her Mother and said, "I love Robert so much. He means everything to me and I'll do anything for him." Then she giggled and continued, "And he wears me out in bed."
Both women laughed and Gwen asked, "How about you and Eddie? Does he shake your word in the sack, Mom?"
Abby turned red and smiled at her daughter. "We do alright, Gwen. He may be young and obese, but he knows what he's doing in the bedroom."
When the girls made it back to Abby's house, they made dinner and then adjourned to the living room. Gwen sat on Robert's lap and kissed his cheek. She whispered, "I love you baby."
Robert squeezed her ass and whispered back, "I'm going to use your whole body tonight, slut. I'm going to do things that would embarrass your Mom and Big Eddie. And when we get back home, I'm going to have your hot little twat pounded by a gang of big smelly wetbacks."
She grinned at him and said, "Promises. Promises. You're all talk." Robert picked up his young slut and excused themselves and carried her into their bedroom. He locked the door, ripped off her clothes and shoved his cock into her mouth. Gwen sucked her husband's cock until he pulled it out and roughly rammed it into her wet cunt. "Aaaaggggh!" She yelled. As he continued to pound her pussy, she breathed, "Oh yesssss! Fuck your bitch, baby. Aaaahhh! I love you baby. Fuck your slut!"
Robert fucked her hard and dumped his load into her pussy and then fell onto the bed. Gwen knew the drill and immediately went down and cleaned his cock. She laid next to Robert and both of them fell asleep.
Abby and Eddie went to their room and as Abby brushed her teeth, Eddie took off his clothes and climbed in to bed. When Abby came back in to the room, she looked at her huge black husband lying on the bed. His massive stomach made him look like a beached whale and his homely face was grinning at his beautiful 43-year-old wife. She wore her negligee with the two small bows. Eddie likes untying the bows and watching it fall to the floor. Her red hair was on her shoulders and she walked to the bed watching his huge cock begin to move.
She sat on the bed and began rubbing her husband's huge stomach. She didn't know why his big gut turned her on so much. She kissed his arm and moved across his stomach. From the corner of her eyes, she watched his cock begin to grow. Abby reached down and wrapped her small white hand around his big black cock. As she slowly started jerking his cock, she looked up into his eyes and said, "I love you, baby. Please make love to me."
She continued to rub his huge stomach and jerking his cock until it became fully erect. Then she kissed down his stomach until his cock touched her face. Abby opened her mouth and took it into her mouth and began sucking her husband's big cock. Eddie pumped his cock into her mouth as she continued to suck and rub his stomach. Finally, he said, "Climb up here and sit on my cock." She quickly complied and slowly lowered herself on his black cock giving herself an orgasm before his balls touched her ass. He reached up and squeezed her breasts and twisted her hard nipples.
"Aaaah, yessss, Eddie." He started pumping his cock in and out of his wife and she pleaded, "Fuck me Baby. Aaaarrrrgggh! Ah yessss. Fuck your white slutwife, Eddie." Even though Abby did most of the work, both of them were covered with sweat and breathing hard when he finally shot his load into her pussy. Abby fell onto his chest and sighed, "I love you so much Eddie. My body belongs to you. I'll do anything for you, Honey."
He liked it when she called him 'Honey.' After a few minutes, he said, "Are you serious about doing anything for me?"
"Mm Hmm," she moaned, "Anything."
He paused and then said, "I want to take you out for dinner." She quickly nodded her head and was about to speak when he continued, "And I want to pick out what you're going to wear. I want you to wear something really hot."
Abby was still in a sex-induced daze as she murmured, "Anything, baby. I'll do anything." Abby rolled off her big black beached whale husband and lay beside him catching her breath. Eddie rolled on his side and moved his hands freely over her body making her hum and moan quietly. "Mmmmm," she moaned. "Oh Eddie. That feels soooo good." As his hand found her pussy and slipped a finger in, she yelped and then moaned, "Ahh, oh Eddie. Use my body, baby."
Eddie toyed with her body for another 15 minutes which drove her crazy. By then, his cock was hard and he rolled his massive girth onto his small white wife and easily slid his cock into her cunt. He fucked her for 10 minutes and then withdrew. He flipped her over and slowly entered her perfect ass. "Oww," she said. "Ohhh! Ugh . . . Oh . . . oh, yesss. Yes, baby. Fuck my ass. I love you baby."
He grabbed fistfuls of her red hair and rode her like a bronco pounding her ass. She was coming over and over and he began slapping her ass. When he finally shot his load deep into her bowels, his sweaty body collapsed onto the bed and she dove on his cock and cleaned it with her mouth like a good white slut should do to the black man who owns her body.
The next day, Gwen, Robert and Robert Jr. left for home. On the way to the airport, Robert called one of the swingers' clubs and made a reservation for the next night. Gwen's nipples were hard as she heard him say, "Yeah Casey, I'll find someone to fuck, but I want four big Mexicans to use my wife for a couple hours." He paused while listening to Casey and then added, "Yep, that's right. Yeah yeah." He looked over at Gwen who was smiling at him. He continued, "No Casey. Nothing is off limits. They can do whatever they want to her. The rougher the better." Gwen knew her pussy was soaking wet as she listened to her husband arrange for her debasement at the hands of the four big smelly Mexicans who had no love for white women. "Yeah Casey. She really is just a whore." He laughed and then hung up the phone.
"Well slut, you're all set for tomorrow. Those four big spics are going to turn you into a greasy cum dump." He laughed and continued, "When they finished with you the last time, I remember you were just a big sticky pile of well-used fuck meat. I like seeing you like that."
"I'll bet you do, Robert. I have to admit that those guys really worked me over."
As it turned out, the next night was everything that Robert hoped it would be. He fucked a girl who had turned 18 two days before her first trip to the club. Meanwhile, his young white wife was completely overwhelmed by the four big Mexicans who used all of her holes multiple times. She had two cocks in each of her holes more than once. She was slapped and pinched and spit on. She was called a gringo punta, a white fuck hole, cum dump and a whore. They pulled her hair and tossed her around like a rag doll. She begged and pleaded for more. She begged them to fuck her harder and to use her in any way they wanted. When they were finished with her, she, once again, lay unconscious in a pile on the floor with cum dripping from all of her holes. The men all laughed at her and took a few pictures of their handiwork before leaving the room.
That same night, Abby and Eddie were going out to dinner and a movie. Eddie found a very short mid-thigh skirt with a slit up to the waist for Abby. At the top of the slit, the skirt was held together by just one button. She wore a tight button up blouse without bra. At first, she hesitated, but when she saw the look on her husband's face, she quickly gave in and put it on. He made her leave it unbuttoned far enough so it would be obvious she wasn't wearing a bra. When they walked in to the restaurant, every male in the place followed her with their eyes. As she sat at the table, the slit showed her entire leg, and it was obvious that she wore no panties.
She drank several stiff drinks to get over her embarrassment. They had a good meal and Abby was drunk after consuming a few more drinks during and after dinner. Following Robert's advice, Eddie took her to a porn theater. Robert didn't tell him that Gwen blew him and fucked four men in the theater a few days before. Abby knew that she was drunk and not thinking clearly after all the alcohol she had consumed and was even having trouble staying awake.
When they got to their seats, she was too drunk to realize that she was only one of two women in the place. As they sat, she looked at the screen and was shocked to see a woman getting fucked by three men. As she stared at the screen, she was unaware that a few men in the theater had moved into her row and the row behind her. Eddie was staring at the screen as the alcohol overcame her and Abby fell asleep.
Eddie was completely unaware of what was going on around him. The slit on Abby's skirt was on the other side facing away from Eddie, and it had slid open exposing her whole leg. The black man on the other side of her was moving his hand up her leg. The white man behind her leaned forward and slid his hands across her shoulders and down the front of her blouse. As she began to lightly snore, Eddie continued to stare at the screen. The man behind her unbuttoned her blouse and pulled it open and the man on the other side of her finally reached her pussy with his hand. Abby stirred slightly. She felt the hand on her pussy and thought it was Eddie, but she was too tired and drunk to fight him off. Her legs spread wider and the man cupped her pussy with his hand.
Eddie was getting turned on so he put his hand on his wife's other leg and lightly rubbed her smooth thigh. "Mmmm," she moaned. Eddie grinned at her moan and went back to the movie for a second before he squeezed her leg, turned away from her and got up and said, "Gotta piss," and stood up and headed out to the restroom.
As Eddie left, the man behind her slid her blouse over her shoulders and continued to squeeze her breasts. She was asleep as the other man slipped a finger into her pussy. "Unnggh," she quietly moaned. He saw the button holding her skirt together and unbuttoned it. He slid it across her legs leaving her nude from the waist down. He slid another finger into her pussy and she moaned again before slightly pumping her pussy against the pressure of the fingers. As she pumped her pussy against the man's fingers, the man behind was able to slide her blouse down her arms. Abby was completely nude and was still lightly snoring.
As soon as Eddie left, another man took his place and began feeling her legs and breasts. "ohhhh," she moaned. "Mmmmm."
The man behind stood up and put his hands on both sides of her head and slightly turned her head. He unzipped and pulled out his cock. His cock was just inches from Abby's mouth as he gently rubbed his hand on her cheek. She leaned against his hand and moaned again. When his dirty hand moved to her mouth, he put a finger to her lips and she opened her lips and let him slide it in. He moved his finger around as she opened her mouth a little wider. He slid another of his filthy fingers into her mouth and moved both fingers around in her mouth. He slid closer and as he slid his fingers out of her mouth, he slid the tip of his cock in. The two men working on her legs and pussy both leaned towards her as they continued to move their hands over her body unchallenged as they jerked their cocks.
In the back of the theater, the manager watched three of his most loyal customers working over the white woman as Eddie came out of the restroom. Not wanting a fight, he called Eddie over to him and offered him a candy bar and started talking. "Hey man, you got a good-looking white woman with ya, brother." Eddie grinned and looked at the man. "When you got a white woman like that, you gotta make sure they know you is the boss. Lookit this, man." He turned his phone so Eddie could see a video of a white woman getting banged by a huge black man. He slapped her face and ass and called her a worthless whore.
As Eddie watched the video, the manager looked over his shoulder to see how close his friends were to being finished with the drunken white slut.
Abby continued to pump her pussy on the hand fingering her, and she finally began to come awake from her drunken stupor. She knew she was about to cum just as she realized there was a cock in her mouth. She didn't open her eyes until her orgasm began to consume her, and then it all happened at once. Her climax hit at the same time both men fingering her shot their cum onto her naked legs and stomach. "Aaaaah," she yelled as she reached her climax. She felt the cock pulled from her mouth and begin spurting cum onto her face and lips. As she finally began to look around, she saw a cock shooting cum just inches from her face. She twisted her head away and saw two men pumping their cocks and felt their hands working on her body. She looked down and realized she was naked. Her brain was having trouble processing what was happening to her. She was so upset that she couldn't force out any sound, but while her mouth was open, the man behind her shot a spurt of cum into her mouth.
As she gagged and spit out the cum, the men quickly turned and ran away leaving the white slut covered with their sticky smelly cum. She looked down and saw cum on her stomach, legs and breasts. She felt the cum on her face and lips. She realized that Eddie wasn't beside her. She found her blouse behind her and used it to wipe her face and stomach, and then put it on. When she stood up, she found her skirt lying on the seat. She lifted it up and put it on. As she was finishing with her skirt, she noticed that everyone in the theater was looking at her.
The manager smiled as the men moved away and the white woman stood and dressed herself, so he turned to Eddie and said, "Make me proud, man. Show your bitch that she belongs to you. I bet she been sitting there all alone dreaming of you fucking her hot little pussy while we been talking. Maybe you should go see."
As he made it back to his seat, she yelled, "Where have you been?"
He noticed that her blouse was wet and unbuttoned. "I told you I was going to the bathroom. Why?"
"I . . . I . . . three men . . .I .I . . . Oh Eddie," she began crying and hugged him.
He pulled her down into their seats and said, "What's the matter, Abby?"
"I. . I . oh, never mind. I need to go to the bathroom."
"You . . . you should button your blouse first."
She pulled her blouse closed and staggered up the aisle to the bathroom. The bathroom was filthy but she was still able to clean most of the cum from her body. She stood in front of the cracked mirror and cried, not fully realizing what exactly had happened. Or maybe in her inebriated state, she had just imagined the whole thing.
When she got back to her seat, she said, "Can we go home now, Honey? Please.?" Eddie looked at her with a puzzled look on her face and then nodded. On the way home, she said, "Eddie, I fell asleep when we got here and when you went to the bathroom, I think a couple men jacked off on me while I was asleep."
"Wha . . . what?" He asked.
She explained what she remembered including being naked in the seat when she woke up. She asked if Eddie had stripped her and he shook his head and said he didn't remember even seeing her naked in her seat.
Abby was still drunk when they made it home, but she sat on her couch and started crying. "Oh Eddie," she cried. "Men touched me and jerked off on me while I was asleep. I'm just an old drunk whore." She broke down sobbing.
Eddie sat beside her and put his big arms around her. She leaned against her husband and continued to cry. Eddie didn't know what to say, but he was thinking about what had happened. He remembered the men from the theater being dirty and smelly. Some were his age and some were older, but they were all dirty.
As Eddie continued thinking about what had happened, he thought back to Robert's comments about showing off his wife. "Sometimes I even let them (other men) touch her. Because I'm the one that's taking her home." As Eddie thought about that, he felt his cock starting to move. He knew he needed to say something, so he simply said, "I love you, baby. Let me help you to bed."
Eddie helped her to her feet and she leaned on him as they walked to their bedroom. After getting into bed, she rolled to her husband and put her arms around his neck. "I love you so much, Eddie." She kissed his cheek. Eddie turned and kissed her hard while letting his hands roam over her body. As one hand reached her pussy, he slipped a finger inside of her and she screamed, "Ahhhh!" He pulled her on to him and she lifted and settled down on his hard cock. As she rode her husband, his hands manipulated and squeezed her breasts giving her multiple orgasms. After he blew his load into her, she collapsed beside him and fell asleep.
Over the next few days, they discussed what had happened several times. Abby thought that Eddie would be upset that other men had touched her. Each time she tried to apologize, he just smiled and said it was OK. Each night, they made love and Abby was completely submissive to her huge black husband.
Finally, Eddie said, "Abby, let's do it again."
"Wha. . what?" She yelled. "You want me to be naked in a sleazy theater?"
"We . . . well, uh . . . it was kind of exciting that other men found you so hot. And . . . and then I got to take you home and fuck you. That . . . uh, that was, uh kind of, uh . . . that was exciting, Abby. It kind of uh, . . you know. It kind of turned me on."
Before Abby spoke, she sat and considered what Eddie said for a long time. Eddie was starting to get nervous when Abby finally said, "OK, but I'm not going to drink this time."
Eddie was thrilled. "OK," he said. "But I'm still going to pick out your clothes." Abby smirked as she nodded her consent.
The following weekend, Eddie wore a big pair of below-the-knee shorts and a hockey tee shirt. Abby wore the upper thigh length skirt that he had picked out. It had three buttons in the front. She also wore a tight tank top without a bra. Although she looked hot, she insisted they go to a restaurant out of town with low lighting, and fortunately for her, Eddie agreed not knowing why.
Abby only had one glass of wine at dinner. Afterwards, Eddie took her back to the same theater where she was molested before. When the manager saw them come in, he realized that the hot little white bitch wasn't drunk this time, which was unfortunate, because the crowd was much bigger this week, and many of them would want a shot at her.
Eddie turned and headed for the men's room and Abby went to the counter and asked for a Coke. The manager grinned an evil grin as he filled the cup and dropped in a couple Rohypnol tablets. A few seconds later, Eddie led his wife to their seats as she sucked the drugged Coke through the straw. As the drug began to take effect, the manager slipped down the aisle and motioned for Eddie to follow him out.
When they got outside, he took Eddie down a hallway into a small room. There were two other men in the room watching through glass at a naked woman humping a dildo. The manager winked at Eddie and said, "This room is only for our special customers. I'll come back and get you in about 10 minutes, OK?" Eddie had an ear-to-ear grin as he nodded his head and stared through the glass. The manager went back to the concession stand and waved at one of the men in the theater.
By then, a drugged-up Abby was surrounded by four big black men. The man behind her slipped her tank top over her head and the men beside her unbuttoned her skirt and slid it from under her leaving the hot older white woman naked. Their filthy fingers found her pussy and her mouth. Their hands squeezed her breasts and twisted her hard nipples.
"Ahhh," she moaned. "Oohh!"
As her mouth opened, the man behind her slid his smelly cock into her mouth and slowly began pumping. The men spread her legs and one buried his face in her pussy and said, "Dis tastes so good. I could eat on dis forever."
Abby was moaning and beginning to hump the man's face as the other two men continued working on her breasts.
"I like these titties," one of the men gasped as his mouth closed on her nipple. Both men were sucking on her breasts as her hands moved to their heads and pulled them tight to her breasts.
Several other men stood around watching the beautiful older white woman tightly holding two heads to her breasts while moaning and humping another man's face and letting another cock pump into her mouth. Several cameras appeared and took pictures of the white whore servicing the four big black men.
The manager let the men play with the drugged-up white woman for almost 15 minutes, letting all of them cum either in her mouth or on her naked body. When they were finished, they attempted to redress her while their hands roamed over her body. They finished just seconds before Eddie returned to his seat. When he saw that her tank top had wet spots several places, he assumed that she had spilled her Coke on it.
When Eddie was ready to leave, Abby was still drifting in and out of consciousness and wasn't lucid. Eddie helped her up and put his arm around her. When she began to fall, Eddie held tighter and her top slid up her body exposing her breasts to everyone in the theater.
All the men grinned and stared at Abby's breasts. At first, Eddie was upset, but then he remembered Robert's words, "Sometimes I even let them (other men) touch her. Because I'm the one that's taking her home." Eddie smiled and carried his wife from the theater.
The next morning, Abby didn't remember much of anything after walking into the theater. She had no idea that she had been stripped or that her body had been mauled by four big black men. She didn't remember holding two of the men's heads tightly to her naked breasts while they sucked on them nor did she remember getting her pussy licked. And she didn't recall Eddie fucking her when they got home.
For the next six months, Eddie took Abby out at least once-a-month. They always ended up at the same theater. The two times that Abby didn't get a Coke on the way in, the men knew to leave her alone. But whenever the manager had a chance to serve her a drug-infused drink and pull Eddie away for a while, she was fair game for the other customers. Although they knew they couldn't actually fuck her, most of them had the opportunity to cum in her mouth, lick her pussy and suck on her breasts.
The theater visits ended after Robert and Gwen's next visit. When the girls were shopping, Robert asked Eddie if they had ever tried any bondage. He could tell by the puzzled look on his face that Eddie was clueless. Rather than try to explain, he gave him the name of a video.
Eddie waited until Abby went to work and then watched the video one afternoon. He was shocked, but he couldn't tear his eyes from the screen. He remembered Robert telling him that he and Gwen had done most of the things in the video, and that he and Abby should give it a shot. Eddie waited until after dinner on Saturday. Abby had had a couple of glasses of wine, put on a negligee and was starting to snuggle up to him and move her hand on his stomach. She started to make suggestive comments about sucking his cock and then having sex on the floor.
"Abby," he said. "I want to watch a movie first."
"Wha . . what? I'm almost naked and want to suck your cock and you want to watch a movie?"
"Yeah. I'll turn it on," he cluelessly said.
Although Abby tried to get him interesting in her, he was completely focused on the video. After a couple of minutes, Abby too, was focused on the video.
Over the next 87 minutes, they watched a man and a woman in a bondage dungeon. She was tied, whipped, spanked, caged and suspended from the ceiling. The man called her names and she called him Master and Sir. She was fucked by cock, dildo, fucking machine and vibrator. Nipple clamps, whips, paddles, ropes, handcuffs and other toys were used on the woman. Abby could tell that the woman was coming over and over as she felt her own nipples get hard and her pussy lubricate. The longer the DVD ran, the more turned-on Abby became. A few times, she looked at her husband and saw that he was watching the screen with an intensity that she rarely had seen.
When the movie ended, Eddie turned off the television and sat quietly. Abby dropped to her knees and crawled over to him. She lifted and put her hands on his massive thighs and looked into his eyes. She said, "Eddie. Do you want to do those things to me?"
Eddie sat for almost a minute before slowly nodding his head.
She looked into her 330-pound black husband's eyes, and smiled at the man she loved. "Do you want to tie me up and use those things on my body? Do you want to call me names like that? Do you want me to be your sex slave?"
Eddie looked at his beautiful wife. He may have been slow, but knew she would do whatever he wanted. He said, "Maybe I'd like to try some of those things with you."
She lifted up and pulled his head down and gently kissed him. Then she kissed him hard. She said, "You know I'll do anything for you, Honey. I belong to you." Eddie smiled and nodded his big head. "Do you want to go out and buy some of that stuff and make our own little sex room tomorrow?" Eddie nodded again. Abby stood and untied the bows on her negligee and stood naked in front of her mammoth husband. She reached out and took his hand, and as he stood, she whispered, "Come on, Honey. I want you to use my body."
She led him to the bedroom where she removed his clothes and gently pushed him on to the bed. As Abby stood there naked looking down on her huge black husband's fat body, she was turned on just looking at his body. She sat on the bed and began moving her hand over his fat chest and stomach. Then she kissed his stomach and chest. His arms were over his head so she continued kissing up into his armpit. She knew that some might find this disgusting, but she loved Eddie so much that wanted to kiss his whole body.
She continued kissing his chest, arm pits, stomach and then worked her way down to his massive legs. She finally ended up with his cock in her mouth. After sucking his cock, she climbed up and straddled him. She looked down at him and, with pleading eyes, begged, "Honey, would you please fuck your wife?"
Eddie smirked at her while remembering some of the things that Robert had told him about taking and retaining control. "You mean would I fuck my slut?. Climb on and fuck me."
That night, Eddie gave Abby more intense orgasms than she had ever experienced. After he fucked her almost to unconsciousness, she kissed down his body and licked and sucked his cock and balls clean. She wanted to do something that would show her complete submission to her husband. Her sexual master. She moved her tongue away from his huge balls and moved towards his ass hole. At first Eddie was surprised and almost stopped her, but then he realized that she was doing this to demonstrate her complete submission to him. Abby rimmed and tongued his ass hole for a few minutes as Eddie enjoyed this new experience. Even though he wasn't sharp enough to realize it yet, their relationship took whole new direction that night.
When she finished with him, she crawled back and fell asleep in his big arms. She always felt safe and secure in his arms. Eddie used her body three times that night and early morning. Abby got up and prepared a big breakfast for him and offered to suck his cock while he ate. He blew his load into her mouth just as he was beginning his second cup of coffee.
She crawled between his massive legs and looked up at him and he said, " I want you to do those things and use those things on me. I want you to enjoy my body. I love you, Honey and my job is to make you happy. You know I'll do anything for you."
Eddie was confused, but he slowly nodded his head. He knew he'd have to watch that movie a few more times so that he might enjoy using his wife as much as she apparently looked forward to being used.
The following weekend, Eddie and Abby went back to the sleazier part of town where they found a patient proprietor of a porn shop who recommended a few bondage videos toys to begin their next adventure.