Nigkala Tales Pt. 15: Rocky Road into Kombat
Where I meet daughters I didn't know I had
Thanks to my editor kenjisato. Also, to LanguageTool. Combined, they put me right. Any problems left all belong to me.
Don't forget to rate the story, and comment on it.
= = = = = = = = = =
The National Mountain Climber Society was holding a charity auction to support the families of those killed by the mountains. They had asked me if I would be willing to contribute anything. I said I would provide some things. Having planned for this, I went to the basement storage to pull out my Everest gear. Eventually, I settled on my climbing boots, the two ice picks, and my coat. However, I also found the obsidian token the mountain gave me. How could I have forgotten it? I put everything else back, and would ship the gear off, along with my attestation that they were used on my climb to the summit.
The obsidian, on the other hand, I took with me to the sauna. "Queen Inanna, I have been given a message for you."
"Oh? Who would do this?"
"Not a who, so much as a what."
"Even stranger. Tell me."
"When I climbed Mount Everest, I encountered the spirit of the mountain. It watched me. I knew of your history with Ebih. Apparently it did also. The spirit was wary of me, as it sensed your hand upon me, but it was patient. For my part, knowing nothing of it at the time, I partook of the customary prayers for a good climb, and I asked for safe passage. I sensed the question of 'why', so I told it. When I reverently removed Jack's body from his cairn, and prayed to An for the others to remain safe, An responded. Then I waited reverently in silence and respect. That is when the spirit first spoke to me. It asked what boon I sought, and I told it I sought nothing it did not want to give. It chose to return respect for respect. Then it had me place my hand into the rock, where it gave me a token of its respect. Afterwards, it said, 'I am not made to bend, but if you respect me, I shall return that respect. Please tell your lady I have no wish for trouble.'"
"Ebih is old news. Very old news. I got over it and put it behind me long ago. Apparently, the mountains have longer memories. I was younger then, and felt all should bow to me. But time has humbled me. I have learned to avoid futile fights, such as mountains that don't bend. But knowing that this one is willing to show respect is surprising."
"I think the mountains have learned to be wary of your anger, and don't wish to be its target."
"So, we have both changed. Very well, consider the message delivered. Perhaps I shall visit it soon."
"I am also curious about the token. It is obsidian, but seems to hold spiritual power. I am unsure what to do with it."
"Show me." I picked it up, and focused my attention on it. "What is it with you?"
"My queen?"
"This token is a divine talisman as well. It is a lesser one, but still more powerful than a wizard's talisman. And it is attuned to you. I shall look into it... No. It was given in respect, so I should show respect. Daughter, may I join you in exploring it?"
"Yes, my lady."
Inanna's presence filled my mind, and she guided me into exploring it. The first and most obvious power was a sense of the earth and rock near me. I would be able to sense the distance, the solidity, and other qualities as I focused on the earth. The second power was the ability to take on some of the nature of rock. Just what that meant, I would have to explore. The third and last power, was the ability to summon and dismiss solid rock.
Inanna said, "You can choose the shape you summon, but I don't think you can summon rare rocks like jewels. No instant riches for you."
"Perhaps not, but generating instant rock might be useful for something."
"I leave that to you. Have fun exploring your new talisman."
With that, I felt her presence leave. I decided to test the talisman by summoning it and dismissing it. I placed it at the far end of the bench, and summoned it. It came. When I dismissed it back, it went back to the far end. When I tried to sense rock, it was easy to tell where the rock was, and I could tell there were different kinds about. I could sense the heated rocks in the sauna, the concrete pavers on the patio, even the glass windows. But beyond that, I could tell there was rock all about me in the ground, but I could not tell what the various kinds were. Looked like a field trip or two, was in order.
I wasn't sure if there was a wing of the museum dedicated to geology. Looking it up online, I found that they offered guided tours. Looking further in the details, it seemed like only male guides were available. Since I wanted lots of information, but few questions, I decided to dress in a top that fell open every time I bent over, as well as a skirt that rode higher when I bent over. Checking myself in the mirror, I saw I only needed thirty degrees to have a nipple in plain view, and forty-five for my vagina. I could see a little of my vagina directly when I sat. Perfect. I placed my obsidian talisman in my purse and drove to the museum.
After entering, I wandered a bit until I found the geology wing. Asking a guard, I was directed to the tour desk. As I neared, I saw they had a pretty display of samples on a mirror on top of the desk, and there was a guy manning it. By eye, I thought I could stand in just the right place so that the mirror would let him look right up my skirt. When I arrived, I stood there, with my legs a bit apart to give him a good view.
His eyes quickly spotted the reflection, and without looking up, he said, "How may I help you, ma'am."
"I would like a guided tour of your collection, with a knowledgeable gentleman to describe all about the various rocks."
Still glued to the mirror, he said, "What would you like to tour?"
Oh, he was fun. I leaned down to speak to him face to face from only a foot away, and a little above. My upper tits were fully on display, and the nipples of the bottom ones also could be seen. I put a finger on his chin and raised it up a little. When he saw my tits, his eyes got bigger. I said, "I want a man to tell me all about the rocks here."
"Okay, let me call him." He got out his phone, and looking away very briefly, he called someone. "Hi Terry, got one for you.... She wants a tour. Description? Very tall, great tits, no underwear." He realized what he said, and looked up at my face, still only a foot away, with a look of panic and embarrassment.
I pitched my voice to carry to whoever was on the phone, and said, "I like men who notice. Perhaps we can play later." My nipples extended fully as I said that.
He must have heard from Terry, because he said, "Goodbye," and put the phone back. Gulping, he asked, "Will there be anything else?"
"I'd like my ticket. I do so want to see lots of hard things today, especially if I can fondle some." Oh, I am so bad today, but when they are so easy, I can't help it. When he handed me my ticket, I said, "Thank you," and stood back up. My top, however, didn't recover my upper breasts because my nipples got in the way. The lower nipples, while they were in view, never came out, so were covered when I stood. Soon I heard someone almost running up to me, before slowing down to a walk.
"Hello, Miss. I understand you want a knowledgeable guide?"
I turned around, and the young man stared at my breasts. I said, "You must be Terry."
"Uh... Yeah, I'm Terry. Um, lady, your shirt is..."
"What?" I looked down. "Oh dear, they escaped again." I held the top with one hand, and briefly played with a nipple before stuffing that breast back under. I switched hands and did the same with the other. "They do so like the attention. Did you see how aroused they are?" Looking down at my breasts, I said, "Don't worry, mama's just going to cover you for a bit. You can come out and play later." Leaning to whisper, I said, "Here's my ticket. And please, call me Becky Sue." While he was distracted, I used my mental power to touch his mind about minerals, rocks and such.
He replied softly, "Yes, ma'am, I mean Becky Sue."
Standing tall again, I said, "Good, show me everything you have, the harder, the better." I saw his cock twitch, so I grinned.
He led me into the hall, and told me about each exhibit. I asked lots of questions, and leaned over quite a few times, so I could point to various bits of rock. I studied each exhibit, using the talisman and my own senses, and memorized all the names and qualities he mentioned. When he placed his hand on my butt, I ignored it. He led me to a large table exhibit and encouraged me to touch various pieces, and he would explain them. As I did, he let my skirt slide up under his hand until his hand was on bare flesh. When I didn't react and continued questioning, he started to feel me up. I spoke of the next rock, and he slid a finger into me. I used a bit of Inanna's gift to cause everyone to ignore us. I stood up, after making sure my upper nipples were fully exposed. Turning part way around, I asked about the next table, so he led me there. His finger was still in me, so we slowly walked and talked. As I appeared to focus on the rocks, he added a second, then a third finger. I had to use some meditative focus to ignore my own body's reactions.
This time, before I stood up, I unbuttoned my top all the way, and allowed all four breasts to be in full view. Breathing heavily, I said, "Looks like we have one more table. Show me." I had to go slower, as it was even more difficult to walk with three fingers in me. When we finished there, I turned partially around, while fondling one breast. "Do you have any more exhibits? Perhaps in a back room?"
"Yes, we have some. See that Employee Only door, go there." I did, fondling two breasts and walking slowly. I had him direct me. We entered and came to a table of rocks that were extras from the exhibit. He invited me to lean over and pick up one from the far end of the table. So I did, then leaning on my elbows, I looked closely at it. Knowing what was coming next; I focused even more on the rocks and tried to ignore my body. As I did, he withdrew his fingers. The next thing I heard was the dropping of his pants. Another moment and he buried his six-inch cock in me. Rather than use my hips to steady himself, he leaned on me and grabbed a pair of breasts. Soon he was pounding away, and kneading away. I just kept on asking questions. He didn't even realize I was speaking in his mind, and reading the answers directly, as his conscious mind was focused on sex.
Then it happened. We came. I could feel my body spasm in orgasm. I could feel the pleasure in full, yet it was as if it was happening to someone else. When I locked into his mind, his consciousness wasn't there. I could see with great clarity all he knew about rocks, and who knew more. This lasted a few seconds, and then his consciousness returned as though it had never left. Curious, but best looked into another time. He released my breasts and pulled out. I remained looking at the rock and asking questions, even as he pulled his pants back up.
There were two other areas he took me to, but he just looked as we spoke about the rocks. "Well, that's all the rocks in this wing of the museum."
"Okay, and thank you. Which way is out? I got all turned around."
Just as we got to the door, Terry said, "Um, Becky Sue?"
"Yes?"
"Your top."
I looked down. "Gosh darn it! It's a mass breakout. Let me fix it." I buttoned myself back up, pushing each breast back in after fondling my nipple a bit. "They are just too darn horny. I need to get laid soon." Watching his jaw drop was priceless. "Do I look presentable?"
"Now you are."
"Thank you." As we went through the door, I whammied him to forget my name and appearance. While he was processing that and not looking, I walked away. I decided to leave the museum, and head to the jewelers I often sourced my jewel-making supplies. I knew he had a wide variety of stones, and that he would let me handle them with minimal supervision. But before actually leaving the museum, I called, and asked for an hour or two of his time. He checked his appointments, and said if I came at four, I could have the rest of the evening.
I had three hours to kill, so, remembering the café I ate the last time I was here, I headed for it. This time they had Mexican. Therefore, so did I. After the meal, I went for a traditional capirotada, as the spiced fruits and nuts added to the bread pudding sounded great. It was. Of course, I had to wash up after that meal, especially given how sticky some of the food was. Next stop, the library. I killed two hours reading about geology, and how rocks were made.
I arrived at the jeweler's early. I told Arthur to find me in the tourist section. He was with someone, so just acknowledged me. I planned on making a bracelet. I felt this talisman should be the centerpiece of a beautiful one. I also wanted it to be sturdy, with other smaller stones to highlight it.
The customer left, and Arthur came over and said, "Hello, Becky Sue, how can I help you?"
I showed him the obsidian, and said, "I will be making a bracelet with this. I want to surround it with a number of different stones. Some shall be gemstones, and some ordinary lesser stones. Can you show me all the different stones you have, and tell me a little about them, while I examine them?"
"That is a tall order, as I have a lot of different stones. But I can begin with the lesser-known stones."
"Why those first?" I began to focus on his mind to get the information about the stones.
"The well-known ones, you likely know something about, and you can also easily find information on. But the others are not as easy to find out about."
"Oh. Thank you. So what is first?" As I was making a major effort to learn, he could sense my attention. I also asked relevant questions that showed I was listening. We continued for almost three hours, when Arthur decided to conclude his discussion.
"... and that is why quartz, though common, has become useful in electronics. Oh my, look at the time! I was supposed to close up shop an hour ago. My wife will kill me. We best finish."
"I am so sorry. But I think I can help offset your lateness. I noted several gems and stones I would like to order. I still need to determine the sizes, but I can get that to you tomorrow or the next day."
"I do appreciate that. My wife will still kill me, but she'll get over it much faster knowing I stayed for a significant sale."
"Then I best be getting along. See you soon."
Back home, in my jewelry workshop, I used my computer to get info on the eight stones I selected. I then pulled up my art program to design the bracelet. Realizing how thick the obsidian talisman is, I initially decided to place four stones on the outside, and four hidden inside a pair of secret spaces. That plan didn't survive long. My final design used three-eighths inch stones set four on the left and four on the right, on a silver setting. I would score the mountain below, and my hang glider above. Within the scored lines, I placed obsidian dust and clear enamel to make them solid black lines. I pulled several small gems from my secret craft-safe. I emailed dimensions, cut, and other features of the gems I wanted but didn't have. While I would spend about two to three thousand, I figured it would be appraised around twenty thousand with the additional gems and my work.
I then printed the pattern, using a light gray ink. This would let me freehand the drawing, while ensuring I left enough space for all the detail I wanted. When I checked in the next day, Arthur told me he would have to order two of the gems, but he had some alternatives that were close if I wanted to pay a visit. I went, taking the gems I already selected from my stash, and the printed design. Arthur was surprised I had such gems lying around.
"Where did you get all those gems?"
"I got them from some time spent in the Mideast. I also got some gold and silver, and I have mostly kept it for making my own jewelry. This will be in a silver setting. So why not pull out the gems you selected, and the ones that you think might be good?"
He returned after opening three different cases, holding two trays and one plain box with my name on it. He handed me the latter, and I opened it, and started examining them.
"These are the ones I had on hand that best matched your description." He laid the two trays on the side, and said, "These are the ones I think are close, but don't quite fit your description."
I laid the pattern down, and placed my stones on it. I then placed the ones he had selected on the paper. Then I looked through both trays to see what would best fit with what I had, and placed them on the paper. "These will do." I then placed each of his gems in the box, and asked him to ring them up. He put the trays away first, then picked up my credit card and walked over to the register. I collected my stuff, and met him at the counter, and signed for my purchase.
When we finished the transaction, he said, "I have something interesting that has recently gone expensive. I think you'd like to see it." He then looked at me, and waited.
"Okay, you have got my interest. Show me."
"It's over here in the tourist section." He walked over towards the front of the store, and pointed to a case displaying a number of earrings, many of which I had seen people wear. The difference was the jewels were real, the metals expensive, and the work high quality. He pointed one pair out.
"You're right. It does interest me." I saw the comedy and tragedy theater mask earrings I had designed, but produced by a company that I knew made high-end stuff. "When did these come out?"
"The basic version was first produced in limited numbers about three years ago. It didn't sell that well until word spread to the college-theater crowd. That made it go viral, and when the video turned up of you wearing them for your Doctorate, well, overnight it became nearly mandatory for theater graduates. This high-end version came out a year ago, but I didn't receive one until two months ago. I've sold thirty so far."
"Nice. Thanks for showing me."
"Thanks for stopping by. I'm sure I'll be seeing you soon."
"Wouldn't surprise me. Well, goodbye."
I left and went home. For the next two weeks, I worked on the design, getting the mountain and hang glider line art just right. I also got a lesson on rocks from three universities in the area. Their collections didn't have many gems, but they did have a wide variety of stones. My 'teachers' were also quite knowledgeable, and they enjoyed my attire.
My agent derailed my plans with another role, with Lilith Ascends: Bad Company. The title character, Tina, would be facing off against a devil, summoned to do evil in the city. Before that fight, she has to get through his minions. I was also lead fight trainer and coordinator. For the next six months, I only had a day here and there I could spend on other things, but I just chose to rest.
Fortunately, Filipe reprised his role, and so we got a suite at the hotel, and could enjoy the amenities. He took care of my schedule, and ensured I got enough to eat. At night, we had sex sometimes, but other times I was too tired, and he just held me until I fell asleep. Occasionally, it seemed I could relax more when they filmed me. The sex scenes were actually the most relaxing.
It was while preparing to film the scene in the abandoned mine, that I noticed some mineral I thought I recognized low on one wall. I was examining the tunnel's soundness when I spotted it. That night, I asked Filipe to see what was mined there. This mine produced Lake Superior Agates, whose value depended on quality. I suggested to Filipe we stay a day or two to collect some. He recommended getting official permission, so we could claim their full value. By the time the filming ended and everyone went home, Filipe had negotiated a week's prospecting where we could keep everything we hauled out, for a thousand dollars.
Towards the end of filming, I did some sensing of the mine to learn what was closest. I had decided to use the dismissal aspect of my Everest talisman to cut these wedges out of the wall, with the far end connecting. I would then pull out the plug, and I dismissed a thin bit of rock on the end of the plug to separate the agate. I would then replace the plug, and summon rock like the plug to fill in the space that was now empty. I paid careful attention to the structural stability. Somewhat further in, was a large deposit; perhaps three hundred pounds' worth. I had summoned a rock pillar to help stabilize the wall I needed to remove, and eventually got the agate out. Replacing the missing stone with summoned stone, I then dismissed the pillar.
I continued until after it got dark. We then loaded the pickup we had rented, with about three thousand pounds of rock covered agate. Each morning we went to the truck depot and offloaded the truck into boxes, on pallets. Each pallet held about five hundred pounds of rock, and we stacked them to one side. Then we would head to the mine, where we would work another day. The last morning, I stayed at the depot and arranged shipping the pallets home, while Filipe returned the rented truck, saw the state office to return the key to the site, and then picked me up. We celebrated with a day on the town, and caught a flight home.
My first job was to process the rocks to get rid of everything but the agate. The next was to make a large rock tumbler to make the stones smooth and shiny. I also bought a small one to handle the ones that I thought were the most valuable. As everything was expected to be rather noisy, I set up a shed in the backyard, with plenty of soundproofing. I also dug out the center of the floor so that I could do the tumbling below ground level. The dirt went to add another layer of sound insulation on the outside. I figured most sound would be heading up, and so not bother the neighbors. I borrowed a sound meter, and had Filipe turn both on full of rocks, so I could measure. It passed, with little sound going sideways.
So began two months spent polishing rocks. The initial twenty thousand pounds was down to fifteen thousand, but polished. By this time, I figured we had spent ten thousand getting the rock and polishing it. Now, it was time to see if it was worth it. We looked up how to grade the agate, and learned it was complex. So we just settled on sorting by the simplest distinctions, then sorting within each group. While we no doubt made mistakes, we did get a reasonable separation. I also scanned each to find ones that were geodes. Picking the group with the smallest weight, I collected it into a large suitcase. I called Arthur to set up an appointment to talk about selling some stones. I met him the next day, late in the afternoon.
"Hello, Arthur."
"Hi, Becky Sue. What brings you here?"
"I have recently come into possession of a large supply of Lake Superior Agates. I would like to sell them, and have you as my broker."
"You have a lot of them?"
I gestured to my suitcase. "This is only a small part. I don't see a need to keep it all, but I would like to keep the best and sell the rest."
"I see. Well, I do have the connections, but telling which is which might be hard."
"True, but could you look at this batch?"
"Sure. Hey! Peter, take over out here. We're going in back." Arthur led me into a back room, and pointed to a work table.
I put the suitcase on the table, and opened it, revealing assorted pouches. "Take a look."
Arthur pulled one pouch out, and noted its weight. He then carefully emptied it onto a felt pad. "These are polished!"
"Yes, after learning the increase in value for being polished, I polished the lot. Lost about a quarter of the weight, but I expect they are more valuable."
"They are. So, how much do you have?"
"About fifteen thousand pounds."
"Yowzer, that's a lot."
"Yes, we also sorted them somewhat in groups to make appraisal a little easier."
"Let's take a look at this set." He pulled up his computer, and started looking things up. He came up for air about a half hour later, having pulled three more pouches. "Well, these aren't that valuable, maybe a hundred dollars for these four pouches." He went to lift the suitcase, and was surprised at the weight. "At a guess, this suitcase might have three to five thousand dollars' worth."
"So, would you be willing to be my agent?"
"I'd like to see what you have, but at normal rates, it could be a nice tidy sum for a bit of work"
We discussed rates, conditions, and instructions, and came to an agreement. I invited him over to see the lot, and told him to bring a camera, as we had many different varieties. I left the suitcase, and he agreed to come out in two weeks. I spent that time moving the agate to the gym, so I could lay them out for easy viewing. I also labeled the geodes and placed them off to one side.
Arthur brought the suitcase back when he came. I invited him to my 'display' in the gym. When the elevator doors opened, he said, "Woah! You do have a lot."
"Yeah. I put the ones I believe are geodes over in that corner, but each area has similar stones, to aid in evaluating them. If some groups are low value, I don't object to selling them in bulk. I want to be left with only a small amount of the best for jewelry." I then described each area by the character of the stone.
Arthur spent nearly two hours examining the rocks, and commenting on them. He took a lot of pictures, and also took notes. At last, he came to me and said, "Offhand, I think you might have three to five million dollars' worth here. But the high-end stones could spike that, and the geodes could also spike that."
"That's good to know. I am concerned about flooding the market, so I don't want to move them so quickly that it causes the market to depress."
"That is a valid concern. Selling all this at once might do that. Would you mind if I had someone else do the appraising?"
"Not at all. However you want to handle that, is up to you. You might want a confidential contract with whomever, so the market won't be affected."
"Good. I know I am not good at determining geodes, and getting an expert would help. Also, cutting them open can increase the value significantly."
"Good idea. If it affects the price that much, please, get them cut. I'll pay for it, and give you a fair fee for finding and arranging it."
Arthur and I went back up, and spoke for another hour about how to handle the stones, and what stones to send initially, and so on. Then he left to head back to his shop, even though it was closed, to do research.
That night I spoke to Filipe. "Arthur came over today. It seems our week-long mining investment will be profitable. He thinks it could bring in three million plus."
"Nice. Think we should do it again?"
"I don't know. While collecting was easy enough, it is a lot of work converting it to cash. I think even something with a value based only on weight, like gold, might be a fair amount of work. It also has the downside of official interest. Given the profit we will make, I would not be surprised if the government would want explanations."
"Yeah, but it might be worth it."
"True, but it doesn't seem quite right to use this power just for profit. Once to see if it worked is okay, but to do it a lot? I don't see that as being fun or a good way to live."
"What of the other aspects of the talisman?"
"Well, I've done some summoning and dismissal, but not much in the way of shaping free-form. What do you think I should try first?"
"Why not something large, like a round stone ball three feet in diameter? Oh, and geometrically perfect."
"Something easy, huh? Well, let's go to the tumbling shed. We can watch from above and the stone can be made below, and we don't have to worry about it rolling away."
We got in position, and I imagined a perfect sphere three feet in diameter, then 'summoned' it.
"Well, I'll be. You did it. Sure looks like the correct shape from here. And in the right ballpark for size as well. Now dismiss that and go for something geometric, but more complex."
I 'dismissed' it. "Hmm, what to make, what to make... I got it, a cubic outline." I concentrated on an object three feet on a side, but it was only an outline of a cube rather than a solid. Each 'line' was a two-inch thick square from corner to corner. Then I got cute, and summoned another inside it, but smaller. Then a third, only this time I decided to make it obsidian. The fourth one was granite, and the fifth was pumice. "How do you like it?"
"Neat. Perhaps you should see what materials you can make?"
I dismissed the cubes, and instead decided to make three-inch letters; the letter selected being the initial of the material. After two hours, I wiped the slate clean by dismissing them.
"To do this right, I'm going to need a reference book, so I can systematically go through all of them that I can. That will take a while, and I'm hungry. What do you say we go in and eat?"
"Yeah, this got boring quicker than I thought. And food does sound good."
So we headed in.
Over the next few weeks, I practiced at summoning until I could routinely summon complex shapes made of several materials. It was Filipe who spotted an unusual correlation in my summoning. When I summoned material that was readily nearby, the quality and quantity was better. On a whim, I tried summoning a gemstone crystal like one on the bracelet. There before me was a large aquamarine. Having learned about the beryl family, I tried making emerald, bixbite, morganite, golden beryl, and goshenite crystals. I then tried for crystals of ruby, sapphire, and diamond. Next, I tried for a cut gem of each of these, but I had to look up how each was typically cut. I decided I would have these uncut and cut gemstones appraised.
Again, I felt a little uneasy about direct profiting from these, but I decided these could be used to fund the pocket industries I sent to Nepal, and perhaps other places. I also decided I would use someone I didn't yet know for converting them to cash. In fact, I decided to set up a charity, The Nigkala Foundation, that I could fund with these summoned riches. It would be dedicated to improving the well-being of the poor by funding other charities, including my Nigkala Service that I set up for the Pocket Industries. Rather than a straight grant, I felt it should be a matching grant. That is, when another charity gave away their funds, the foundation would match those funds to whatever limit was chosen. With my consciousness assuaged, I decided I could summon gems for the jewelry I make.
I did have one last idea for stuff to summon. Weapons. That time when the drug lords came, I was without weapons, and it could have made a difference. There were three weapons I felt would be worthwhile: dagger, shuriken, and arrow. While obsidian is brittle, it is also very sharp. As these weapons could all be thrown or shot, breaking after impact wasn't a big deal. Also, the dagger could be used in close quarters, and could pass a metal detector. Arrows, however, needed a bow. When I tried making a stone bow, it was an utter failure. It was the same with a metal bow. Bows need to be light and strong. I wound up buying one made with wood, fiberglass, and carbon fiber. The compound bow was a bit small for me, but it was readily available. I practiced with each of these weapons, summoning another as I used one.
My investigations were interrupted by my agent again, when I was asked to play a part in a new Mortal Kombat movie. My role was the half-breed child of an Outworld Shokan, and an Edenian. The best part of the role was I got to fight in a skimpy outfit like Sheeva of the Shokan, and also have many encounters both sensual and combat. I even got a nude fight. Even more curious, my character's name was Obsidian. While she had four arms, she also had four breasts and five fingers, rather than the Shokan three. This made the special effects a bit easier, as all they had to do was add arms. I made a prosthetic second pair of shoulder blades I wore between my breasts for 'attaching' my second set of arms, and then I made the arms.
Before going onto the set, I made a black-leather outfit, showing lots of skin, but only PG rated. Filipe helped me fabricate the fake pair of arms, using plaster casts of my own arms. I wore them to help imagine a fighting style that used four arms. They also helped 'make' the outfit. Beginning at the top, I had a silver tiara with obsidian jewels, a matching necklace, armbands and finally matching leg bands. However, I created arm and leg bracers for blocking. These I used steel painted black rather than obsidian. For weapons, I created a duplicate of one of my showier swords, but instead of a metal blade, it had an obsidian one. I likewise made a similar dagger of obsidian. Lastly, I made fake weapons that duplicated the obsidian ones but were blunted and able to withstand impacts that would shatter obsidian.
Long before it was time to go on set, I contacted the costumer and met him. I carried in a rifle-sized case holding my costume. We met at the studio.
"Hello, Helen. I'm ready to see your idea of Obsidian's looks. What do you have in mind?"
Lifting my case, I say, "I brought it with me. Want to see?"
"Definitely, why don't I step out of my office while you change? Call when you're ready."
"Okay."
As he stepped out, I quickly took my clothes off, opened the case and put on my outfit, fake shoulders and arms, and at last, my obsidian weapons. I placed the blunted ones on his desk. Lastly, I put in my black-iris contacts. Stuffing my clothes into the case, I closed it and placed it on the floor by the wall.
I then posed in a provocative pose, placing my fake arms just so. "I'm ready."
He opened the door, and stood in shock.
"You coming in, or just coming?" I smiled.
"... I'm not sure. I heard you were skilled at cosplay and creating your own outfits, but damn, you're good."
"Thank you." I spun slowly around. "As you can see, I try to make it as real as I can. The weapons I have on me are real obsidian, and don't ask where I got them, it's a secret. I did make copies for use in actual filming." I pointed to his desk. "I can use the real ones, but only if I am the only one within range and then some. I could see filming a sequence where I have to cut through something, and the blade is extremely sharp."
"May I see it?"
"No. It is too dangerous. However, you can see the dagger." I carefully extended my dagger's handle to him.
He took it and carefully examined it. He then examined the one on the desk. "What is this small red dot on the dagger handle of the prop blade?"
"I felt they were a little too good for a duplicate, so I put the dot there to identify it as being the prop blade. When held normally, the dot is covered by the hand. I intend to have the real blades kept with the firearms and handled the same, as they are that dangerous. Either that, or they will be locked in the case in my trailer."
"Good idea. But the director may just want you to leave them at home."
"I am fine with that. I just wanted to 'be' Obsidian, and she would have real weapons. But filming is illusion, and fake blades are fine if they look real. And as you can see, I do good work."
"Yes. Um, I'm afraid to touch this blade, so how do I give it back to you?"
"Just lay it on the desk." He did, and then I came and picked it up. "The next question is what you and the director want, outfit wise."
"We discussed this, but I think you just blew us out of the water. Can you pose for some pics?"
"Sure." I went into a provocative pose. *snap* Then another, but I had to adjust my fake arms first. *snap* Three more sexy poses, with the last one with my top off but covered by four hands. He took several of that one. Then I told him to hold up a bit. I placed the real weapons back in the case and put it down. I then picked up the fake ones from his desk and worked on some fighting poses, including ones that had the second hand helping to hold my sword.
Once I indicated that should be enough, he said, "Let me send these to the director and see what he says."
"Sure. But in the meantime, tell me what you two had in mind. Maybe we can merge the two concepts."
"Well, we had been thinking that Obsidian would fight with magic and agility, not as a sword wielder. She would support others in the fight from the sidelines, sort of. But damn. That outfit is hot, and those weapons are so M.K., I don't see how we could leave them out."
"Well, I could be a Gish, that is, I cast and attack. I won't be using all four hands on my weapons all the time. I could use my free hands to cast while I attack with a weapon. And I can still use my agility by being a very mobile fighter, always moving to a new position to keep the enemy off balance."
Just then, his phone dinged. "Oh, you gotta hear this! 'Dump our plans. She IS Obsidian.'"
"Hehe. Looks like I chose well."
"You sure did. And about that Gish thing? I like it. Um, your costume, how secure is it? Can't have it expose something accidentally."
"I know. Filipe and I already did some stress testing. It will stay in place. While it would be more fun for me to tease others, and the character could use it for making opponents distracted, it would also up the rating, which I noted was going to be PG. Speaking of which, I was told there was a nude fight scene. How is that going to be pulled off?"
"That occurs at night, so the initial plan is that it happens in the darkness, so it is difficult to see. If we keep the genitals off-screen, we can probably get away with a nipple or two. Um, make that four. Another thought is smoke. We can have a smoky environment, and special effects can add more smoke discreetly in post-production."
"What about a director's cut or R version for the home market? That could show more, but be cut or cropped for the PG version. You could even have a smokeless version for the aftermarket and cable, and a smoked version for the main release."
"I like that last idea. I'll pass it by the director later."
"Well, that's all I wanted to see you about."
"In that case, I'll call you if I run into anything, or need you."
"Goodbye."
I went back home to await more details, and made two more outfits and two more fake weapon sets, as I expected some damage to occur in filming. In my evening gym work, I practiced agility, including high jumps with flips, and having Filipe launch me, so I could twist in the air to land correctly.
I then thought about my talisman's ability to grant me characteristics, and I wondered if I could adjust my weight? Extra weight would let me make a more realistic 'stomp' effect, but would be too obvious. Less weight, however, would let me jump higher. I meditated to try to gain the weight characteristic of pumice. I then went through my agility routine. I quickly found that that didn't work, because I was jumping too high, and I had to scramble to keep from hitting the ceiling.
I had to move the practice outside. There I could jump higher, and I also set up some cameras to record my normal high jumps, and my pumice jumps. It took nearly a week before I could switch it on and off quickly enough to use in a fight. Studying the pictures, I found I jumped about fifty percent higher, and could clear ten feet if I tucked into a ball. This meant I could jump over a bad guy while doing a flip and wind up on the other side of him. When I showed Filipe, he didn't believe me, so we went outside, and his disbelief became wonderment. My final touch with the stone effects was obsidian like nails. I still wanted them to be flexible, but otherwise shine like obsidian, and be colored the same. I didn't want to touch my eyes, so I stuck with the contacts.
The first day on the set, for the read through, I showed up in costume. I had snuck into the restroom to change, as the costume was not car-friendly. I got a few compliments, and I passed the fake weapons around, so everyone could see. When we were called together, however, I retrieved my weapons and sat down, all business. The second day, still in costume, I had a bit of a shock. The read through included some of the extras that had minor lines. What shocked me was that there were two young ladies that had four breasts.
At the lunch break, I heard, "Helen Asher, wait up."
I stopped, and turned around. I saw those two young ladies. "Yes, ladies?"
"I am Angel Sasser and this is Jewel Woods. We play Edenian mages. That's just so cool. But we came to ask you about life with four breasts."
"Yeah, we both had trouble in school because we were different. Fortunately, we were in the same class, so we could be each other's best friends."
"We grew up knowing about you, and we wanted to be successful like you."
"We are both starting college in the fall, and could use your advice."
"Hold on, one at a time, please." I smiled. "Now, as to life with four breasts, I have found myself the center of sexual attention. Happens I like it, so it has not been a problem, and has even been profitable for me as an actress. Like you, I had my own 'hero' that I wanted to be just like, only she was a myth. I was very young, and too smitten with her, that I didn't care that she wasn't exactly real. She was strong and sexy, a master on the battlefield and in the bedroom. I achieved my goal with a lot of effort, and you can see my success.
"As for me being your 'hero', I am flattered. But don't become me, rather, be inspired by me. Having extra breasts will make it easier to get into adult films, as the unusual always excites. Don't be 'normal' or 'ordinary'. Neither will interest anyone as much as 'unique' and 'unusual'. Another thing: learn skills you can use as actresses. You have likely heard of some of my exploits. Some are because of skills I learned for a part. Others have opened up parts. An actress rarely becomes an expert at anything, but they become skilled in many things. If you think of that old series 'Dirty Jobs', the lead gained skills in hundreds of jobs. You shouldn't go that extreme, but being skilled in a dozen or more things could help your careers."
"Oh, thank you, Helen. We look forward to learning a lot from you."
"That will be my pleasure."
Later, the fight coordinator asked about my four-armed style. So I had him record me, and I would run through a sequence twice: once with my real arms playing the part of the upper pair, and once the lower pair. I then had him overlap the images. Since I had practiced these maneuvers at home, I was able to repeat my body's placement quite accurately. For these runs, I removed the extra pair of fake arms, so they would not get in the way.
"That is amazing. Your body is in almost identical positions."
"While you shouldn't use a double exposure, you can use one for the take, and paste in the arms from the other take. With the duplication of the sequence, the pasted arms will be in the correct position."
"I like your idea."
"Also, one take should be with cast, and the second without. The latter will make clipping easier."
"Definitely. I'll take this to the special effects team to see what they say. If they like it, I'll pass it on to the director. In the meantime, let's work on the blocking for the fight in Act II, Scene 4."
We quickly went through a number of the fights, and not just mine. While he had the responsibility, he was asking my opinion on his plans, as he knew I was a fight coordinator as well. He was especially interested in some complicated scenes, and I was able to help him with the sequence of hits, the camera angles needed, and so on.
That evening, I told Filipe about Angel and Jewel, as well as the other things that happened on the set. That night, in bed, I was still thinking about them, as the only women I knew of were related to me. So who were these women?
"Queen Inanna, I had an interesting encounter today."
"If you are speaking to me, it must be interesting indeed. Do tell."
"I met two young ladies, eighteen or so, on the set today. What was odd about them is that they also had four breasts, yet I never saw them before. Three of my daughters have this, as do some granddaughters, but I have never met anyone else like us."
"Quite interesting. Can you show me?"
I concentrated on remembering them, and what I knew of them, little as it was.
"Indeed, they are four breasted and tall as well. Most curious. I know how you achieved this feat, but it seems unlikely they did this also. Tomorrow, I shall check in on you so that I can get a better look at them."
"I look forward to hearing what you find." I then felt her attention leave. As there was nothing more to do about it, I went to sleep.
The next day was as before, with another read through. When I saw the ladies, I was about to speak to Inanna, when she said, "Daughter, I see them." So I just went on with the work I had that day, speaking with them again at lunch, briefly. Throughout the day, I felt Inanna's presence, both on me, and on them. It wasn't until I was ready to sleep that she spoke.
"Daughter, I have interesting news."
"You learned why they have four breasts?"
"Yes. They are your daughters."
"What? How? When? After Matthew, I had my ovaries removed."
"Exactly. Both ladies were born artificially, with in vitro fertilization. While I don't understand how it works, I do understand that it works. Both their parents chose to have children this way, and as you told me before when your ovaries were removed, you had donated them to an egg bank. Well, apparently, their parents made a withdrawal." I could sense her chuckle. "While this suggests a possibility, I went further and examined you three carefully, and I found they shared many aspects of you. One has your eyes, the other your ears, and so on. Given the children of your womb's looks, they would fit right in. To be sure, I would need direct access to their blood and to your blood. Or you could use your science and a paternity test, which I understand does almost the same thing."
"Wow. I knew I would likely have children out there because I donated my ovaries, but to meet them in person and their looking rather like me is something I was not ready for."
"I, too, was surprised to learn this, but do not worry. It is a good thing. Your body is gifted, and any children, no matter how they come about, will share that legacy. These two are smart, healthy, and have a nice sex life. Why not invite them over, and you can explore each other? I am sure they would accept, as they both have that fantasy. You could even teach them sexual skills."
"But that would be incest."
"Yes, but so what? You cannot get pregnant from them, nor can they from you, and that is what incest is about. Besides, they are already quite familiar with each other."
"I will think upon it."
"When you do them, I shall watch with pleasure." Again, I felt her attention leave, but as it did, I realized I was very aroused: my nipples were fully extended, and I was very wet. Just then, Filipe got in bed. Boy, was he surprised by my sexual attack, but he quickly joined in enthusiastically a few moments later.
After nearly a dozen orgasms, when Filipe and I separated, exhausted, he said, "What brought that on?"
"Just thinking about my kids."
"Well, I'm not going to argue; as that was the best sex I've had this month by a country mile."
"Yeah, me too."
Quietly, I heard Inanna say, "I also enjoyed it." And I heard a soft chuckle fade as she left, for real this time. I couldn't help but smile at her. Divine, and base at the same time.
Over the next two days, they again joined me for lunch. Our talks grew more diverse, and it was clear they wanted to know the person, not the actress. I spoke with Filipe, telling him of Inanna's belief that they were my daughters from my donated ovaries, and also that we should have sex. He surprised me by having a similar thought about incest, but expressed it differently.
The next day, they joined me for lunch again, and while we chatted, I extended an invitation to spend the weekend at my place with us. They both accepted, and later that day I gave them a note with my address, and told them they could come after work on Friday, and we could all have dinner. I mentioned we had a pool, and plenty of privacy.
When Friday finished, they asked if they could follow me, as they had their bags already in their car. So I led them home. Filipe showed them to their rooms, but they requested only one room, so he showed them to one with a larger bed. He pointed out the room's bathroom and shower, saying they could clean up and change before dinner, family style. Meanwhile, I was showering and changing myself. I decided to wear my 'flying' outfit, so I could tease them.
When they came down, Filipe took them to the dining room, and introduced them to Tammy and Cindy (the cook and maid). While focused on them, I entered from another direction, so they could not see me. I waited until Tammy left, and they turned around before saying, "Ladies, please have a seat. There is plenty to eat, and I am sure you will find a number of things you want to eat and enjoy."
They both were a little stunned by my outfit, and Jewel slipped and quietly said, "I'd like to eat you." Angel nodded in agreement. Then both became embarrassed that we heard it.
I just said, "You can eat me for dessert, for now let's have dinner. Tammy! If you will?"
Tammy came out with a feast with quite a few dishes, and Cindy helped her.
Angel said, "This is quite a lot of food here."
Filipe replied, "Yes, though not as much as you think. Don't worry; this will feed us and the help, while still providing leftovers. It won't go to waste."
The dinner was animated, with the ladies dominating the conversation. We learned about our respective families. They told us they met in high school, and became instant friends, and after a slip or two, admitted that they were sort of lovers. That is, they were lovers, but still dated guys and talked all about them. I told them that Filipe and I, even though we are happily married and have eight kids, still routinely take many lovers. We also tell each other all about the interesting ones. That led me to confirm the rumors were true, and that I tended to have sex every day, even when Filipe was not around. I also admitted to having nympho tendencies. Filipe chimed in to add he loved that about me.
Finally, dinner was over, and Filipe led us into the living room. I headed to the center of the couch and said, "Ladies, time for dessert." I then patted the couch on either side of me.
Jewel said, "Um, I don't know if we should."
Angel said, "We shouldn't have said what we did earlier."
I then said, "Yet you did, and it was sincere. You are both beautiful, and clearly have enjoyed looking at me. I also like sex with women, and Filipe loves to watch. Or he can join us if you want. If you don't want him to watch, I'm sure if you ask him, he will leave."
"Yes, ladies, whatever makes you happy. Also, my wife is very good at sex, so I am sure you would enjoy her. I know I do."
Slowly, as if drawn by a magnet, they came over and sat beside me. I unbuttoned my shirt and placed one of their hands on a breast before placing my arms behind their head. "Go ahead and explore. Watching you is its own pleasure."
It didn't take long to forget Filipe in their exploration of me. After a bit, I bent my arms, so I could fondle their breasts. By that time, they were so aroused; they just moaned in response, but did nothing to push my hands away. I unbuttoned their tops. When one asked if my long tongue was a special effect, I just slowly extended it until I could start licking her breast. They were both clearly fascinated by it. After a bit, I switched to the other woman. By this time, Filipe came over and kneeled in front of me. He reached up and pulled my skirt down. I briefly lifted my butt to allow him to take it off. I then spread my legs, and he leaned in and began to eat me out.
I saw both ladies were really turned on, so I said, "Take your clothes off. No need for them here." Their youth showed by their haste to remove their clothes. I was somewhat surprised neither wore underwear. "Spread your legs for Filipe." They both responded quickly by spreading their legs. Filipe saw, and reached to each of them to start playing with their privates. He did not go for gold immediately, but teased both, getting each quite aroused and nearly climaxing before even inserting a finger. When he did, he kept them just shy of climaxing, for several minutes. When I saw he was ready, I squeezed their nipples while he pinched their clitorises while plunging his fingers into them. Because he timed it for when I was also ready, and bit my clitoris also, we all came at the same time.
While we recovered, he stood and took his clothes off. I slid forward a bit, and then he slid into me. He grabbed a pair of breasts, and started doing push-ups, sliding his ten inches in and out each time. I got more forceful in my fondling of the ladies breasts, and they were mesmerized by Filipe's dick. It didn't take long for him to come, and I with him.
When he pulled out, Angel said, "He's still hard!"
I just said, "Stamina. Either of you want to try him?"
Jewel replied, "Yeah!" so Filipe moved over to her, and shortly was pounding away. He also played with her breasts, all four of them. I got off the couch and positioned myself between Angel's legs, spreading them a bit.
"Now you will experience Nigkala's tongue." I then proceeded to eat her out, starting with licking. I then progressed to extending my tongue into her and out of her, just like a dick. I then teased her clitoris, while licking inside her to find her G-spot. Then I stiffened my tongue and started pounding her, bending the tip to hit the G-spot every time. I, too, started playing with all four breasts, just like I had Filipe play with mine. I got her screaming in no time, Filipe wasn't far behind. So I slowed down a bit to again give them twin orgasms. Bingo, then both screamed at the same time. Filipe and I also came, me more in sympathy. When they came down, I commanded, "Switch partners." Filipe and I traded places, and proceeded to do what we had just done. Five minutes later, we all came.
I said, "Filipe, in the center." He got up, still hard, and sat between the ladies. I then stood up in front of him, and lifted one leg and laid it on the armrest. I leaned forward, and using his shoulders, I lifted the other leg over the other armrest. Scooting forward, I did a full split, and lowered myself onto him. Then, to the ladies' amazement, I lifted myself up by my legs, until I was almost off him, and then let myself down hard on him.
Filipe said, "Ladies, play with her breasts, she likes that."
They did, and I began to speed up. I was soon going as fast as a man usually does, but I was in control. When I sensed Filipe was about to come, I dropped even harder, but instead of bouncing up, I squeezed his dick with my vagina. This set him off, and that set me off.
It was clear the ladies were both worn out, so I called out, "Cindy, if you could bring out a refreshing drink, please?"
It was clear the ladies were embarrassed to be seen by the maid, but that changed to curiosity as she came out with a tray full of drinks, buck naked. Cindy stopped by Jewel, and described the drinks, asking what she would like? Replying, almost in a monotone due to shock, they each chose a drink. Filipe and I had ours as well. She then bowed and left.
After everyone finished up, I said, "Ladies, I hope you enjoyed dessert. Filipe and I are heading to bed now. I swim every morning starting about dawn. You are both welcome to join me." They were still in a daze when I made a final lift to get off Filipe, and then reversed the process I used to mount him. We then went upstairs, still naked, and I heard Cindy start to clean up. I knew she was still naked, and definitely wet. Filipe and I expected she would arrive as soon as the downstairs was cleaned up. Tammy was more a voyeur than an active participant, so she would have headed out when Cindy brought our drinks. Even though Filipe and I were going at it again, making no effort to be quiet, I heard the ladies come upstairs, and even saw them in the mirror stopping at our open door to watch a bit.
Soon after they left, I could sense they were getting it on in their room. Filipe and I stopped after thirty minutes, and he went to sleep. I would have, but was interrupted.
"Daughter, I have news. While you were with them, I was able to determine that they truly are your daughters."
"As old as they are, I wonder how many other children I have."
"Who knows? But these two are healthy, intelligent, and strong, although not as much as you."
"Thank you, my queen." Soon, I was sleeping.
In the morning, I was swimming when they came out in some tiny bikinis; each with two tops on, the lower one was strapless. I spotted them, and said, "Good morning, ladies."
"Hello, Helen."
"Please, you are our guests. In private, call me Becky Sue."
Angel said, "Um, Becky Sue, do you have some sunscreen we can use? We packed quickly and managed to overlook ours."
"Sure, let me show you where to get it." I dived, swam to the edge, and swum up fast to the surface. I also grabbed the edge as I passed it and pushed off. The result was I catapulted high enough to do a flip and land on my feet.
Jewel said, "Woah! That was so cool."
Angel chimed in, "Yeah. You're so strong. And nude!"
"Over here, ladies." I went and stood next to a low table that had some drawers. "There are several tables like this one. Just open the drawer, and pick your poison." They came over and each took a tube of sunscreen.
They thanked me, so I turned around, walked to the edge, then dove in and swam the length and back underwater. Every couple of laps, I would change my style. About an hour later, I got out, but I used the ladder this time. I joined them, after applying some sunscreen. A few minutes later, Filipe arrived with coffee. "I put breakfast in the oven to keep warm." We lounged and chatted for an hour before going inside.
Breakfast was eggs, sausage, bacon, biscuits, toast, and orange juice. When they saw me load up my plate, they were shocked. When I got seconds, Jewel asked, "How can you eat so much and not get fat?"
"I work out quite a bit. I probably go through five thousand calories a day. Filipe is a wimp, and only does three thousand."
"Hey, I'm not a wimp. Just because I don't spend all my time at the gym doesn't mean I don't exercise."
"I heard you often hit the gym, but I thought it was to, um... get laid."
"Oh, I do that, too. But our home gym is better. There is less competition, less distraction, and no travel time. You want to see it?" They nodded. "Okay, I'll show it to you right after breakfast."
It took longer than I would have expected, but we were enjoying the conversation. I took them to see the gym, and they were amazed. They said I had everything here. I'm just glad Arthur had relocated all the rocks to his warehouse by then. As I finished up describing the gym, they asked what the other rooms were. We then went upstairs. That evening, we went back down to the theater to watch 'Lilith Ascending'.
Angel asked, "Becky Sue, who are all these people pictured with your awards?"
I answered, "They are our best reward."
Filipe added, "Our children."
They both looked closer. Jewel exclaimed, "Hey, she has four breasts!"
Shortly after, Angel said, "So does this one."
"Three of my daughters have four; the other daughter only has two. Yet one of her kids has four. None of my sons has a four-breasted daughter, but that could still change."
"Three more like us? We have to meet them."
"I'll give your contact info to them, and your invitation. But they are married, with small children, so will likely be busy. But I suspect they will be glad to meet you."
"They look so different."
Filipe answered, "That's because they have different sires. I am their father, but I am only the biological father of some."
"Oh!"
"It's okay. We both knew what our marriage sex life would be. We decided our love was greater, and so it has proved. She may have more liaisons than me, but we have come to enjoy each other's tales."
"Yes, Filipe does find a pussy in every port, but I tend to be more of a flirt that samples the merchandise often. So... shall we watch the movie? It has a lot of sex in it. And it is the extended director's cut." We all got seats, with Filipe and I in the 'couples' seat we special ordered. The ladies kept up a whispered dialog of their feelings about the movie. Afterwards, we talked about it for nearly an hour before going to bed.
Sunday, ended with a cookout. Filipe showed his grilling skills, and we had burgers, steak, bratwurst, grilled vegetables, and more from the grill. I served the lemonade, beer, and chips. After lunch, we said goodbye.
Monday, began shooting of the fight scenes. The director had heard about my 'four-arm' two take technique. I told him that shooting the second take should happen immediately, as the longer between takes, the less it would match. He was also impressed with my jumping, and included several jumps.
Finally, the filming of the dialog began. Malyc asks Dragonfly about Obsidian, "So who are these people?"
"Pulse and Blight are attack mages, very good at explosive and sapping magics. Obsidian, however, is a spell blade. She gets up close and personal with her blade; and uses spells to shield and attack."
"I have heard of the magical strength of the four-breasted mages, but Obsidian is clearly of Shokan ancestry."
"She is the daughter of rape. That brute, Goro, left a number of such children in his wake, as did a number of his followers. Before she was born, her mother, Amida, sought the advice of an oracle. That is when she learned of Delia's prophecy. The black-eyed, half-breed daughter of a warrior and a mage would become a great warrior and mage. She would greatly aid her side in the fight of freedom. Amida decided to teach Obsidian the way of the mage, and to also enlist her friend, Wolf, of the Edenian Knights, to teach her the way of the warrior. Both taught her to be righteous and honorable.
"She proved quite adept at war, somewhat less so at magic. So Amida helped shape Obsidian's magic to that needed by a spell blade, as opposed to the battlefield level magic that Pulse and Blight use. She uses her spells to augment her in battle, as well as to provide defenses. As a warrior, she has already earned the respect and trust of the Edenian Knights. We hope she can earn your trust and respect."
"The Edenian Knights, huh. I am impressed. Very well, we welcome her."
"Obsidian, Pulse, Blight, go with Malyc. Do as he commands, and bring honor to Edenia."
The three of us replied, "Yes, Lady Zyn." We bowed, and joined Malyc's group.
Thus began Obsidian's journey with Malyc, the main hero of this movie. Later, in the fight scenes, while I was the star of a number of them, I never fought the boss alone, except just before Malyc did. That fight I was overwhelmed by the boss, but managed to cut him a few times, and land two spells that slowed him down a little. But when Malyc fought, I used my spells to shield him from the other's spells. The whole time during this fight, Pulse and Blight were keeping the minions busy, and others of Malyc's group fought those who got through.
My favorite fight scene was when I got to jump over several enemies to get behind each, and attacking with my blade from above. These were the hardest to film, as I had to repeat the jump twice as many times, so I could get the 'four-arm' technique in, and it was on a multilevel set. One false step, and I would likely fall, and maybe hurt myself. After one overhead jump, I got to say 'Flawless Victory' as I portrayed my weapon slicing the enemy in half from the head down as I landed. My second favorite was the midnight at the inn scene. That was the nude scene. They did it in the clear, and in post-production darkened it for night, and added smoke from the initial 'sleep gas' bomb. My first act in that scene was to cast a spell that kept the air next to my body clear, for about three inches. Even as I did that, I got out of bed and attacked the invaders with arms and legs. It was tightly choreographed, so that I fought on both takes, but invaders in different positions.
Later, I heard the director thank the fight coordinator, because the doubled shot didn't overlap anywhere, and my skill at moving my body exactly, meant that the small differences were easily covered up by the spell effects. While there was sufficient light to see my privates in the finished product, there was always some smoke thickly obscuring my vagina and thinly obscuring my nipples. In fact, the first three seconds of the fight, my nipples were fully exposed. The home market had that scene as an extra to show how it looked without the smoke. Another extra was showing how my 'four-arm' technique was shot.
The Inn scene took nearly the entire day to shoot, and that meant I was nude the whole day. Some people wondered why I didn't put on a robe on between takes. I just told them I wasn't bothered, and in fact barely noticed it. This led to me getting laid a number of times between takes, sometimes quite publicly. As the scene was fairly early in the shooting schedule, I didn't lack for an after-lunch quickie, or for an end-of-day slow one.
Shooting took three weeks, and then came the post-production. I got two callbacks, but for some voice work. It seems the writers were still working on what we said. The next movie-related thing for me would be the premier. I worked up a fancy outfit based off of the princesses' outfits from the movie. The base used that transparent material, at ten percent black.
Added to that was a crisscross of solid, matte-black stripes, half-an-inch wide, that made diamonds about two and a half inches square.
Added to that was a crisscross of solid, matte-black stripes, half-an-inch wide, that made diamonds about two-and-a-half-inches square.
I allowed my nipples to be centered in that open diamond, but I backed those spaces with an opaque flesh tone material, so you could see the shape, but not the actual skin. While long sleeved, it fit skin tight, and made the fake arms look even more realistic.
The top curved down into a thin point just above my belly button. The bottom was a cross between a loincloth and a high cut bikini. It was shaded from ten percent to full opacity as you went from the side to the center. While others would wear some undergarment, I didn't, so I had a reasonable chance of flashing someone. For shoes, I used a good pair of black leather boots that only went up a few inches above my ankles. To make them into hip waders, I used shiny black satin with hidden elastic to hold it up. The satin ended in another two inches of leather that I added obsidian jewels to. Battling the satin and leather to match took a lot of work, but the finished product looked seamless and shiny. I also added obsidian jewels on the boots. I also made a cloak, also from that ten-percent-black material. I also had gloves with a more delicate crisscross pattern on the same material. I also made black leather and metal bracers that I added to all four arms.
But the real kicker was the built-in special effects. I hired a special effects guy to figure out a way I could fake spell-casting using the bracers as props. I fed control and power lines to them, and hid them under the crisscross all the way back to my waist power and control belt. I also had sensors in my gloves to detect the position of my fingers, and sensors in the sleeves to detect the position of my arms. While working on the bracers, he wondered if I could use the system to also control my fake arms. So I fabricated another set of arms, but only the skeleton, and gave that to him to play with.
He took that skeleton, and got his friends to help, and made it fully controllable, including a functional grip, and being able to bend at the elbow and shoulder. We pulled in a computer guy to create a control program to handle everything. In the end, I could have my fake arms hold their position when disengaged, or they could mimic my real arms by default. We added several sequences that had them perform unique actions for 'spell-casting'. The bracers had lights, sparks, smoke, and sound effects. The spells I practiced used one to four hands, and caused different effects. I also added light strips within the costume to glow to symbolize the various spell effects.
The second set of fake arms required a redesign that braced them against my back, so I added a back brace to give that stability. I covered it with the nude color cloth to hide it. It also needed a tight belt, and a neck choker, to make it near immobile relative to my back. The wig with Obsidian's long hair also helped to hide the details.
About a week before the premiere, Arthur reported that he had brokered all the stones I had for sale. He held back perhaps a hundred thousand's worth of the best stones, but the rest sold for a bit over seven million. He said the geodes proved to be better than expected, and with the x-rays used to determine their inside before cutting, allowed better cuts, raising the prices. I invited him and his family to the premiere. He said that while he was not a fan, his wife and sons were, so they would come, if at all possible. I decided to make his wife a pair of earrings in the shape of the Mortal Kombat dragon, with an obsidian disk as a backing for the silver dragon. I dropped them off a few days later, and Arthur was surprised at the gift for his wife. I said it was my thanks, above and beyond his fees for the work he did with my stones. I suggested she could wear them at the premiere.
When the premiere happened, I arrived in style in a black, stretch SUV. I walked out with my fake arms set to mimic, so when I waved to the fans, both a real and fake arm moved. That got cheers. Then I stopped midway, and proceeded with a spell that required different actions from each arm. The effect was my chest began to glow, and the glow spread out to the arms, with the center fading. The wave of light then proceeded down my arms until they reached my hands. At that point, sparks shot out from the bottom of the bracers. Since that was hidden from view, it looked like the sparks came from my hands. The sparks stopped after five seconds. I then lowered my arms and disengaged the mimic function, so I could shake hands. I did briefly re-engage it for a hug or two.
The next day, Arthur called to express his wife's love of the earrings, and that a lot of people asked about it at the premiere. That made me happy.
They hired me to go on tour in that outfit to promote the movie, but the unexpected part was how many trauma doctors asked about my four arm rig. When I was finally done with the promotion tour, I did a secondary tour of cosplay conventions on the weekends. Midweek, I visited a number of trauma wards in full getup, so the patients and doctors could see what is possible with controlled prosthetics. Meanwhile, as I owned the rights, I formed another company and hired the guys that made the rig as the employees. They professionally developed it for medical use, and I invested in the further development of the system.
But that is another story...