Authors Note: This is anotherFICTIONALstory. All characters in the story areFICTIONALwith the exception of my wife and I. All of the actions and conversations in this story areFICTIONAL.
***
Darby shook me awake around 9.30. "Go and have a shower." He ordered. I rolled out of bed and made my way to the bathroom.
The water was hot and the glass walls of the shower quickly steamed up. I spent a little more time than usual making sure that my body was clean all over. I figured that it would likely be getting another good workout today. Darby had told me that today's activities would be far easier than yesterdays and I smiled as I wondered what today had in store for me.
I turned the water off and pushed open the shower door. Darby was waiting there with a towel. I stepped out onto the mat and held out my hands to take the towel. He held the towel out of my reach as he admired me from head to toe and back again. I felt the familiar wonderful feeling of being vulnerable and desirable. I loved the thrill of pleasuring men but I realized that simply being naked and admired by a fully clothed man or a group of men was exhilarating.
Darby stepped forward and helped me dry off.
"Now, you have ten minutes to finish up in here. When you are ready, come to the dining room for breakfast. We'll be leaving immediately after."
"Ok, what clothes am I to wear?" I asked.
"You are fine the way you are." He smiled.
My first course of action was to check my boobs in case there were still marks from being tied up last night. Thankfully, apart from a red mark on one of them where someone had slapped me particularly hard, they looked fine. I looked at my butt in the mirror and it too showed a few signs of mistreatment but it wasn't so bad.
I pushed open the bedroom door and stepped out into the hallway. I hadn't gone more than a half dozen steps when I heard male voices. I turned a corner and saw Darby's butler talking with two workmen. I realized that I could simply walk past them or retreat back into the bedroom. I hesitated for just a second and then heard the butler say "Ahh Janice, so nice to see you again. Darby is waiting for you in the dining room. You'd better hurry or you'll be leaving without breakfast."
The fact that I was naked didn't faze him at all. The two workmen, on the other hand, were staring in wide-eyed amazement. I realized that retreat was pointless and so I walked towards the three guys. I became very conscious of my swinging, bouncing boobs and I tried to walk slowly to minimize their movement. I wasn't nervous about the butler seeing me naked. After all, he had seen me naked in many positions. He had also fucked me a few times but for some reason the two workmen were a different matter.
"Good morning." The butler smiled.
"Good morning indeed." One of the workmen cooed.
"Good morning. Excuse me." I stammered as I tried to squeeze past the guys.
"Excuse you indeed. Aren't you forgetting something?" The butler queried.
"Don't think so." I replied.
"You do remember that there are cameras watching and recording everything don't you? If Darby watches this bit of video he will be very disappointed."
"What do you need?" I sighed.
"Well, perhaps you could spread your legs and bend over for these guys."
I turned away and bent over for them fully aware that my ass and pussy were on display. It wasn't long before I felt a hand on my butt and it was heading towards my pussy. I took a deep breath and waited. I felt fingers caressing my slit and then one finger ventured inside. Whoever it was enjoyed themselves for a minute or so and then the finger slipped out. I stood up and turned around.
"Satisfied?" I asked.
"Probably not." The butler laughed. "Why don't you share your breasts with them?"
Before I had a chance to say anything both guys had a nipple in their mouths. I felt their hands exploring me and, although I didn't want to be, I had to admit that I was getting excited.
"Ok." The butler said. "Guy's, let the lady pass."
The workmen stopped what they were doing and let me get on my way. As I walked away I heard the butler telling the guys what it was that needed to be done with the wall. All the while I could feel their eyes burning into my back. I was happy when I turned the next corner and walked into the breakfast room.
"Be quick. You should have been here earlier." Darby scolded.
"I got waylaid. " I said by way of explanation.
After a very quick breakfast Darby led me along another hallway and into the elevator that went down to the indoor garage.
"What will I be wearing today?" I asked.
"Put these on. The rest of your uniform will be provided at your next job." He snapped.
He handed me a pair of flip flops and I bent to put them on.
We got into the smaller of the two limos and headed out onto the street. This time I realized that we were heading north and I wondered what was in store for me. Darby had promised me an easier day and I was looking forward to finding out what my duties would be.
After a half an hour or so we got off of the highway and turned west. A short while later we found ourselves on a busy street lined with car dealerships. We turned onto a short dead end street between two dealerships and stopped. Darby picked up a small duffle bag and got out of the car beckoning me to follow.
I looked up and saw a sign that read "SAXON - CAR WASH and DETAILING.
Darby headed for a small office building and I struggled to keep up with him. I took a quick look around but couldn't see anyone else. I could see through the office window that there was a light on and someone was moving towards the door. The door opened right when Darby and I got there and we went inside. The office was scruffy and not particularly clean. Amongst the various posters advertising Saxons' services were several old calendars. One of them had a photo of cute puppies sleeping. The rest of them showed naked women in various poses that left nothing to the imagination.
The guy that opened the door was a skinny black kid and the other guy in the office was an older white guy. The black kid had a white t-shirt and blue shorts on and looked very presentable. The white guy had a dirty old pair of jeans and a tatty checked shirt on. I was hoping that I would not be presented to him during the day. I was well aware of the fact that, although he was speaking with Darby, his eyes were alternating between my tits and pussy. I felt uncomfortable.
"Go put the signs up." He told the black kid.
The kid picked up a couple of signs and, with one more glance at my body, left to place the signs.
As he returned, a car pulled into the yard. I couldn't see who got out of the car but soon there was a knock on the door. Darby opened it and another well dressed black guy came in followed by a completely naked white woman. I watched Darby and the new guy shake hands and then turned my attention to the woman. She could have been my twin sister. The similarities were uncanny. We smiled weakly at each other and she came over and stood beside me.
"Time to get them dressed." Said Darby. "Our first customer will be here soon."
He handed me the duffle bag and told me to get dressed. The other woman was also handed a bag and given the same instruction.
My bag contained three garments. The first thing I noticed was a very thin white t-shirt. I put it on and was not overly surprised to find that it was cut off at the bottom and barely covered my boobs. I realized that if I lifted up my arms my boobs were pretty much fully exposed. The next thing was a very small micro g-string. I put that on but wondered what the point was. The tiny scrap of material did little to hide anything. Finally there was a pair of Daisy Duke cut-off jean shorts. The zipper was sewn open and there was no button at the waist to do up. They only stayed up because they were tight over my hips.
It was obvious that we were there to wash cars and I knew that as soon as the shorts got wet they would most likely slip down. Then it dawned on me that they probably wouldn't be on long enough to worry about.
The other woman was dressed in a tiny bikini top that had material that barely covered her nipples. She had a very short skirt on and I didn't see what she had underneath that. I guessed that it would be a g-string similar to my own.
"Has the yard been swept?" asked Darby.
"Yep, swept and blown." The scruffy guy answered. "Probably won't be the only thing that gets blown out there today."
I felt my face turning red. Even though it was obvious that he was right I wasn't comfortable hearing it from this scumbag.
The office door opened and the black kid came in.
"Signs are up, hoses are out and buckets, soap, sponges and cloths are ready." He smiled.
At that moment I heard a car pull up. The driver honked the horn a couple of times and the scruffy guy said "Ok ladies, time to get to work.
We all went outside and Darby whispered to me "Have fun. No limits."
I smiled back at him and picked up a hose. We were told to lose the flip-flops and go barefoot. The concrete was already warm and I felt the sun on me and knew that the day would be a scorcher.
"Hi, I'm Janice." I held out my hand.
"Hi, I'm Gail. Do you work for that black guy in the office?"
"No, I don't work for him but I am sort of on call." I answered.
"I have a similar arrangement with my guy too. Are you married?"
"Yes, my husband knows about this. He even participates sometimes." I explained.
"I'm married too but my husband doesn't know about Victor." She explained.
"Victor is the guy that brought you here?"
"Yes, how did you get involved with Darby?" she asked.
"It's a long story but I stripped for a black guy and had sex with him while my husband watched. We were going through a hard time and I did it to spite him. Since then I've had all sorts of gang bangs and done things that I would have never imagined. I found out that I love the sight of a well built black guy. Now though I'll do just about anything with anyone no matter what colour they are." I explained. "Darby hosted several events and we've gotten to know each other quite well. What's your story?"
"I'm a real estate agent and I was showing a house to a couple of black guys. I was desperate to make a sale. My husband and I were in debt and were close to losing our own house. One thing led to another and before I knew what was happening I was on my knees totally naked with one cock in my mouth and another in my pussy. At first I was disgusted with myself but then I realized that it was the best fucking I ever had. One of the guys was Victor. I have sold lots of houses since and occasionally Victor has me over to his house to entertain his friends."
She looked a little embarrassed but I wasn't there to judge.
The first car to pull in was an old sky blue Pontiac and inside it sat an older black guy. I started to spray water on the car before picking up a sponge. I started on the hood of the car and leaned forward as far as I could. I could feel my boobs swinging underneath the t-shirt and the farther I leaned forward the more contact I made with the car. I stepped back to get the hose and realized that my t-shirt was wet and already see through. The water was cold and my nipples stood out hard and erect. I continued to clean the car and when I got around to the driver's side window I pushed my tits against it. By now I was wet pretty much all over and my shorts had slipped a little at the front although the back still hugged my ass cheeks quite nicely.
I stepped back to look in the driver's side window and was shocked to see the driver jerking off into a paper napkin. I watched until he had finished. He seemed a little embarrassed so I smiled and winked at him as he drove away.
We waited a few minutes and chatted with each other until another car pulled up. This one had three black guys in it and as soon as the car stopped we got to work. It didn't take long for my t-shirt to be completely soaked through and I decided to take it off. It wasn't really covering much anyway and the guys in the car seemed to enjoy the show.
I leaned over as far as I could to wash the hood of the car and realized that my boobs were swinging nicely and the guys were staring in awe. I looked down and saw that my boobs were dripping with water and soap and my nipples were pink and erect. I felt very sexy and knew that it wouldn't be long before my shorts would come off.
By now Gail had taken off her bikini top and her breasts looked magnificent too. We quickly cleaned the back of the car and made our way up the sides. When I got to the driver's window I knocked on it and signaled for him to wind it down. He did and I shoved my breasts toward him. He had a quick fondle before taking a nipple into his mouth. After a few minutes I stood up.
"Man I love white girls' titties." He announced to his friends.
He wound the window back up and the car pulled away. We had to wait another ten minutes or so for another car to pull up. It was getting very hot and we decided to seek some shade. The only structure was the office and so we made our way over to it. Gail pushed the door open and we went inside. We both got a drink of water and stood in silence as the guys ogled our boobs.
The next car pulled in and Gail and I went outside to get back to work. Our boobs bounced as we went down the three steps from the office. I knew that the guy in the car would be staring and so I made sure that my boobs bounced and swung nicely as we walked to the car.
While we were washing the car I sprayed Gail playfully with the hose. She retaliated and soon my shorts were completely soaked through. We called a truce and she came over and whispered "I'm going to take your shorts off."
"Go for it." I smiled.
She slowly inched the shorts down over my butt and they soon hit the floor. I stepped out of them and said "Your skirt is next."
She smiled and I eased the skirt over her hips and down her legs. She stepped out of it and hugged me. We kissed and our hands wandered over each other's body. We were halfway between the car and the office and I could see the four guys in the office staring through the window. We went back to washing the car and I knew that if I bent over with my legs parted my pussy would be pretty much on display. There simply was not enough material on the micro g-string to cover much.
About a half dozen more cars came and went. Gail and I touched each other a lot and allowed the occupants of those cars to fondle our boobs and asses. By now we were both extremely horny and I was hoping that I would soon get some cock.
Around one o'clock we were called back into the office. The young black guy was sent to take down the signs and Darby's driver brought a picnic basket from the trunk of the limousine.
Gail and I sat there dressed only in our bikini bottoms as we ate lunch.
"You girls sure have beautiful bodies." The old white guy smiled. He seemed to genuinely approve but then he ruined the moment by adding "I can't wait to see your pussies."
"Don't worry about it. That's coming soon." Victor laughed.
"I wonder if they are shaved or not." The old guy mumbled.
Victor pulled Gail's legs apart and asked "Can't you tell?"
Darby said "Janice." He nodded his head at Gail and I knew that he meant for me to also part my legs. My g-string was so small that there was no need for a debate.
"Oh, that one definitely is shaved." The old guy intoned.
I started to close my legs but Darby barked "Janice."
I looked up at him and he motioned for me to keep them apart.
Darby's and Victor's limo drivers had joined us for lunch and so we now had six pairs of eyes staring at our bodies. Even though my vagina wasn't actually on display I was more conscious than ever of the eyes roaming over my body. I was getting more and more turned on and I felt very vulnerable.
After a half an hour or so Darby stood up and said. "Ok girls, only a few more cars before we take off to bigger and better things."
Gail and I stood up and went back outside leaving the guys to clean up after lunch.
I hadn't heard it pull up but there was a big black SUV waiting to be washed. We got to work right away. Gail and I were already comfortable with each other and we were having fun spraying the car and each with the hoses. She started to wash the hood of the SUV and I put some soap on my hands and went behind her and cupped her boobs. I gently massaged them and soaped them up nicely. After a while I got the hose and she stepped away from the vehicle and let me hose the soap off.
By now we were touching each other more than the SUV but nobody seemed to care. Before long Gail was on her back on the hood of the SUV as I gently eased her bikini bottom off of her. For some reason I hooked the bikini bottom over the driver's side mirror. I pushed her legs apart and started to lick her pussy. She was very sensitive and when my tongue tickled her clitoris she gasped and tried to push herself onto my mouth.
Very soon she was writhing and bucking and then she grabbed the back of my head with her hands and tried to push me even harder into her pussy.
Her orgasm was spectacular and I left her panting on the SUV's hood. I got a squeegee and cleaned the soap off of the guys' windshield and then helped Gail down. She was a little shaky on her feet but still helped me finish washing the vehicle.
I laughed as the next vehicle pulled up. It was that old familiar hideous green Buick that had gold stripes down the sides and white walled tyres. Sure enough Marcus was at the wheel with a huge smile on his face. He honked the horn twice and Gail and I got to work. By now I was horny as hell and I hoped that Marcus would help me with that.
I asked Gail to go and clean the back of the car while I cleaned the front. The Buick was so large that I could not reach the middle of the hood properly. I knew the car was old and the hood would be solid unlike more modern cars where the panels are often quite flimsy.
I climbed up onto the hood and immediately slipped right back off. I picked up a dry towel and cleaned some of the soap off of the hood and climbed back up. Sitting sideways on the hood I cleaned the windshield as best I could. When that was done I sat on the hood facing the back of the car. Marcus was smiling from ear to ear and I could tell that he was checking my body out. It seemed natural for me to lay back, praying that I wouldn't slip off, and strip off my g-string. I threw the garment away and opened my legs as far as I could. Sitting upright again but still with my legs parted I started to massage my pussy. I watched Marcus' face as I played with myself. He was definitely enjoying the show and laughed and clapped when my orgasm hit me.
He got out of the car and helped me down.
"Please fuck me." I begged.
"Not now honey. Later for sure."
That was my first hint that something had been planned for later in the day.
As Marcus got back into his car another vehicle pulled up. I could not believe my eyes. Before me stood a genuine 1970's "shaggin' wagon."
It was orange and purple and had heart shaped dark windows in each side. The sides of the van each had a fantasy scene painted on. Both paintings consisted of scantily clad women ready to be ravaged by fierce looking warriors. I couldn't help but smile.
The black guy driving the vehicle wound down his window and said "Start around the back honey."
I shrugged my shoulder and went around the back. The back doors were already open and I looked inside to see lots of purple shag carpet on the floor and similar orange carpet on the walls and ceiling. There was something attached to the roof that was slowly spinning and shining multi-coloured lights throughout the interior. I noticed that most of the space was taken up by a bed but it was what was on the bed that drew my full attention.
Lying on the bed was a completely naked black man. I first noticed his muscles. This guy obviously looked after himself. His dark skin had a sheen on it and that seemed to enhance the look of his muscles. Then I noticed his cock. It had not even started to get hard but it literally lay on his leg halfway to his knee. I couldn't help but stare at it. It was gorgeous. Actually all of him was gorgeous.
Marcus was beautiful to look at naked as was the muscle man that I had bathed at the Reparations Weekend but this guy was incredible. For a moment I wondered if he was real.
"Come on in." He said. His voice was as sexy as his body. I knew that I had to get to know this guy.
I put my foot on the step and climbed in and lay down beside him. There was some soothing soul music playing on the stereo. The first thing I did was to run my hand up and down his cock a couple of times.
"Don't worry, it's real." He laughed.
I pulled the foreskin back to reveal its' head. The head was already glistening and I noticed that the attention I was giving him had started to make his cock stir. As I watched it grow I began to wonder how much of it I would be able to take. I was nervous but very keen to find out. While I was playing with him he had began to fondle my boobs.
I got up onto my knees and started to lick his cock. My tits were hanging down and he started to gently pat them to make them swing from side to side. I ran my tongue from his balls up to the tip of his cock several times before I finally took it into my mouth. At this moment I felt a hand on my ass. I turned to look and saw that the driver had come to join us. When I felt his hand slide down towards my pussy I instinctively parted my legs to allow him access. I gasped as his fingers slipped inside of me.
After several minutes I turned around and took the other guy's cock into my mouth hoping that I would soon feel the giant cock start to push into my pussy. I wasn't disappointed. I hoped he would be gentle with me and thankfully he was. I don't know if I took the whole thing inside me or not. I could feel his balls slapping against me so I knew that it must have been pretty much all the way in. His easy thrusts pushed me onto the other guys cock and it wasn't long before he came in my mouth. I managed to save his carpet by swallowing his entire load.
The guy in my pussy had picked up the pace and I started to feel a little discomfort. Thankfully his orgasm was imminent and, when it happened, I could feel the spurts inside of me. This time the carpet didn't stand a chance as I soon felt his cum running down my legs. When he pulled out I collapsed breathless onto my side and watched that monster cock slowly recede. I lay there for several minutes until Gail climbed in and took over. I was amazed that the two guys were ready to go again and I moved out of the way to watch.
Gail took them both on and she was soon wailing much like I had. When it was all over she too collapsed onto her side as she gasped for breath.
"Get out." Ordered the monster dick guy.
Gail and I stepped out of the van. We were both a little unsteady on our feet as the "shaggin' wagon" drove away.
"The young black kid strolled over and said "You're to clean yourselves up and come to the office".
The only thing we had to clean ourselves were the hoses that we had used on the cars and we were soon laughing and squealing as we sprayed each other with the cold water. A few minutes in the sun dried us off nicely and we made our way into the office.
"Did you girls enjoy yourselves?" Victor asked.
"Yes, it was fun." I answered.
"It was a lot of fun." Gail added.
"Well, I think you girls should show your appreciation to Jake and Ben here. They shut their business down today so that you two could have your fun. On your knees girls." Victor ordered.
I was on my knees before Gail even had chance to react. I was certainly a slut but I wanted to make sure that I got to blow Ben, the young black kid rather than Jake, the old skuzzy white guy.
I quickly took Ben's very average cock into my mouth and went to town on him. During the blow job I was able to see Gail blowing the other guy and I must say that he had a fairly large, quite attractive cock.
When Ben came I stood up and took a drink of water and waited for Gail to finish. When he was about to cum he pulled out of her and shot his load over her face. She took it like she was used to having it happen and calmly asked for a towel to wipe herself off.
"Gail, you're going with Darby this afternoon." Victor told her. "I have some things to do."
Victor took off in his limo and Darby, Gail and I left shortly after.
Gail and I had been allowed to put our flip-flops on but were otherwise completely naked. Darby sat between us on the back seat of the limo and rested one hand on Gail's thigh and the other on mine. On the journey back to the hotel his hands slipped down between both of our legs and gently massaged our pussies. I closed my eyes and parted my legs to enjoy his touch. I had a quick glance over at Gail and smiled as I saw that she had done exactly the same.
When we reached the hotel we went up to the penthouse in the private elevator. Fitz, Darby's butler, was waiting for us.
"Fitz, take these girls to the spa." Said Darby.
We turned and headed off towards the spa. Fitz was walking behind us and again I became acutely aware of my nakedness. At the spa we were massaged and pampered for several hours before being told to get a couple of hours sleep. I realized that we had a long night ahead of us.
The mornings sun and activity had taken its' toll on me and I fell asleep as soon as I lay down. It seemed like only a couple of minutes later that I felt Fitz shaking me awake. After a quick meal Gail and I were both given an orange jump suit to wear and we were hustled off down to the limo again. Darby was already waiting in the car and, as soon as the doors closed, he blindfolded both of us. I sensed the car turn right and the journey was pretty much stop and start as we negotiated several sets of traffic lights. Then I felt the car turn left and immediately speed up. I knew we were on the highway again and this time heading east. My house was in the east end of the city and I wondered if that was where we were heading. I desperately hoped not. Along the way I asked Darby about the orange jump suits.
"Well, you have both been found guilty of some serious charges. You are convicts." He explained.
I thought back to my 'trial' and made a mental note to ask Gail about what happened to her.
I hadn't been paying attention to where we were until I felt the limo start to slow down. A sharp left turn made me realize that we were now off the highway and heading north. We drove for another fifteen minutes or so and then slowed and turned slightly to the right. We came to a stop and I heard a voice that sounded like it was from a distant radio. Dave, the limo driver, said something about "Darby and the girls" and a few seconds later we started moving again. The limo stopped a short time later and someone opened the door. As soon as we got out of the limo Gail and I were told to put our hands behind our backs where they were promptly handcuffed.
I heard the sound of high heels clicking along the driveway and realized that the sound was getting closer. Darby said "Ready?" and received the reply "Yes sir." From a female voice.
"Take them." Darby ordered.
Someone grabbed our handcuffs and started to march us away. I could hear the high heels on the floor and occasionally the sound of mine and Gail's flip-flops. We went up a short flight of steps, maybe only five or so steps and told to wait for orders.
One final step and the heels sounded more like we were on a wooden floor. I heard the sound of a door closing as we were marched along what seemed like a very long corridor. A door clicked shut behind us and our blindfolds and handcuffs were removed. I looked around and saw that we were in a virtually empty room. The only windows in the room were high on the walls and all I could see was a few branches of a tree.
"Turn and face me." We were ordered.
We both turned and I was surprised to see that it was Ronnie's sister who was in charge. Ronnie was Darby's daughter and, as the organizer of the Reparations Dinner weekend, was largely to blame for my appetite for large quantities of black cock. I still didn't know her sister's name and I wasn't about to ask.
"Strip." She commanded.
Gail and I both slipped our flip-flops off and wriggled out of our orange jump suits without delay.
The only furniture in the room was a clothes rack and two chairs. I was given an outfit from the clothes rack and told to get dressed. Gail was ordered likewise.
I was surprised to see that the outfit that I had been ordered to wear was the cowgirl outfit that I had stripped out of in a strip club in Toronto. I dressed quickly. Gail's outfit was the classic female cop uniform. As soon as we were dressed we were ordered to face the wall again and our handcuffs and blindfolds were put back on. Ronnie's sister marched us out of the room and back along the corridor.
A right turn later I heard the muffled sound of double doors opening. We were led through and perhaps forty or so paces later we were told "Careful. Stairs ahead."
We stopped and were led individually up three steps and a short distance later were told to turn and sit down. I sat cautiously and was relieved to feel a chair beneath me. I assumed that Gail had also sat down.
"Sit upright and sit still." Ronnie's sister barked.
Our blindfolds were taken off but there were no lights so I still had no idea where I was. Before my eyes had time to adjust to the darkness spotlights were turned on. It took me a minute or so to get used to the light but when I did I was surprised to find myself sitting on a steel chair on what appeared to be a circular stage. I looked to my right and saw that Gail was also brightly lit and was looking very confused and a little scared.
I looked to my left and saw another woman sitting on a steel chair. It wasn't until she looked over her shoulder that I realized that it was my friend Cheryl. She also looked surprised and scared.
I was also feeling scared. I wasn't naïve enough to think that I wasn't going to be fucked time and time again at some point in the evening but I hoped that it wouldn't get rough.
The lights dimmed a little and above our heads all around the stage large screens appeared and flickered into life. My eyes had adjusted to the light and I could see that the circular stage was surrounded by five or six rows of chairs and each of those chairs was occupied by a black guy in a tuxedo. Smaller screens appeared in front of Cheryl, Gail and I so that we could see what the guys were seeing.
The first three images were mug-shots of the three of us complete with our Christian names. Then video of me stripping in the strip club in Toronto appeared. I had no idea that it had been recorded and I was embarrassed and excited to see myself lying on the strip club stage with my legs wide apart.
The audience cheered.
The next video was of Cheryl getting spit-roasted at Marcus' birthday party. That was followed by Gail blowing guy after guy in a gym change room.
The show continued for an hour or more and included segments of me begging to be fucked, being taken anally, being tied down and fucked by a long line of guys and dancing naked on a table for a group of guys. In all of these videos were some pretty vivid close-ups of what used to be my private parts which I now had to admit were no longer so private.
In many of the video clips I was restrained, being spanked or slapped, bouncing up and down on cocks or was on my knees pleasuring guys with my mouth.
Cheryl didn't appear in many clips as she had only been to Marcus' birthday party but there was enough evidence to suggest that she knew her way around a man's body.
Gail's videos were much the same as mine and her slut credentials were solid.
The last video was a montage from the morning's car wash. Everyone laughed at video showing the shaggin'wagon bouncing up and down and I knew that when the camera went around behind the van I would be seen taking two cocks with absolute delight.
When the video finished three spotlights came on. Each of us was bathed in light and again I couldn't see the audience. My nipples were erect and hard and I could see that, with my hands cuffed behind my back, the buckskin waistcoat I was wearing was already open enough that they were already partly visible.
Ronnie's sister appeared again and announced "Gentlemen, you have seen what these ladies are capable of. As you can see they are all dressed ready to entertain you. What do you say guys? Do we get the entertainment started?"
A roar went up and soon descended into the age old "Strip, strip, strip" chant that I had heard and responded to many times over the past months.
Ronnie's sister picked Gail first. She helped her stand and removed the handcuffs. Gail stretched her arms and rubbed her wrists.
"Dance girl." Ronnie's sister yelled into the microphone.
Gail started to sway and dance around the stage and a spotlight followed her. She started by unbuttoning her blouse and taking off the fake utility belt around her waist. As she passed in front of me I noticed that her bra was a bright white full cup thing that her boobs were already trying to escape from. For the time being though my own boobs were more exposed than hers.
She shrugged her blouse off and shortly after ripped off her pants. They were held together by velcro and came away easily. As she made her way around the stage she was shaking her boobs and teasing the guys by sliding her hands down into her panties.
As she passed in front of me again she reached behind her back and undid her bra. She leaned forward and let the straps slip off her shoulders and the bra fell to the floor. She turned to face me and I could see that she was enjoying herself. As she straddled me she offered a boob to my mouth. I flicked my tongue over her nipple and then started to suck. Gail threw her head back and gasped.
After a couple more circuits of the stage her panties were gone and she was on her back on the stage with her legs wide apart.
The music stopped and Ronnie's sister re-appeared and yelled "Who wants a piece of this?" The roar from the audience was very loud and very masculine. Gail was told to sit on her chair with her hands behind her back and her legs parted.
Cheryl was next to have her handcuffs removed and she soon danced past me wearing a maid's outfit. She was obviously nervous and seemed reluctant to take anything off. The audience started to get restless and Cheryl reluctantly undid the buttons that held her dress. She too had frilly white underwear on and I noticed a garter belt on one thigh.
She had a deer in the headlights look on her face as she reached behind her back to undo her bra. She had a little difficulty undoing it and lost what little rhythm she had. Eventually she got her bra undone and took it off.
She danced around for what seemed like an eternity and a chant of "Off, off, off." started among the audience. Finally she wriggled out of her panties and made her way back to her chair.
Ronnie's sister came back on stage with the microphone and called her over. "You are supposed to strip naked for the guys. You are not yet naked."
Cheryl looked embarrassed and was ordered to go over to Gail's seat. Ronnie's sister told her to put her foot up on the seat between Gail's legs. Then she was told to slide the garter belt down her leg. I don't know if Cheryl's foot was touching Gail's pussy but if not it would have been very close.
When the garter belt was off she was taken back to her own seat and made to sit with her hands behind her back and her legs parted. I noticed that her personal spotlight was concentrated on her pussy.
Now it was my turn. I had stripped many times for guys and I knew exactly what I was going to do. The first thing to come off was the buckskin waistcoat. It wasn't actually hiding much anyway and I wasn't wearing a bra. I went around the stage shaking and jiggling my boobs. My short skirt was next and that was quickly followed by the gun belt. I teased the guys for a while with my panties but as soon as they came off I wasted no time showing off my pussy. Finally, I stood up and frisbee'd my cowboy hat into the audience making sure that my boobs were bouncing nicely. I didn't need to be told to sit with my hands behind my back and part my legs.
Like clockwork Ronnie's sister appeared on stage and yelled "Who's ready for some fun?"
The reaction was a very predictable cacophony of yelling and whooping.
Next Ronnie's sister had the three of us stand up and face our chairs. She ordered us to stand with our feet wide apart and then lean forward and put our hands on the seat of our chairs.
She picked on Cheryl first. Standing beside her she reached underneath and started to play with her boobs. Then she put her hand on Cheryl's back and started to slide it down towards her ass. She squeezed each cheek several times and then slid her hand down over Cheryl's sphincter and onto her pussy.
"This one is nervous guys. She is going to need to be educated. Who wants to educate her?"
The response was immediate and obvious. There was no shortage of guys willing to help with Cheryl's 'education'.
Gail was next. She got the same groping that Cheryl had but this time Ronnie's sister penetrated her pussy with a finger or two.
"This one is ready guys." She laughed as she held up her wet fingers.
I watched Ronnie's sister walk across the stage towards me. I knew that Ronnie liked me and even considered us to be friends but I couldn't figure her sister out. I soon realized that she didn't share Ronnie's affection for me.
The first thing I felt was a very hard slap on my ass. She slapped me again and laughed. Then she got on her knees and started pawing at my boobs. The pawing turned into a few slaps and then she twisted my nipples. When she tired of that she stood up and put her hand on my pussy and used her fingers to part my pussy lips. At this point I realized that the screens had dropped down again and an extreme close-up of my vagina was on display.
I knew that I was soaking wet and the guys would take that as an invitation.
"This one." Ronnie's sister announced."This one is called Janice. Janice likes it any way she can get it. She will do anything that you tell her to, and I mean anything. Isn't that right Janice?"
She pushed the microphone in front of me but I didn't respond.
She slapped my ass really hard again and repeated the question. Again I didn't respond.
Finally she slapped my boobs really hard and repeated the question. I didn't want to get slapped again and I yelled "Yes!"
Now her hand was caressing one of my boobs but I knew that she wasn't being kind. I knew that she hadn't finished with me.
"Are you going to give up your pussy?" she asked sweetly while she tightened her finger and thumb around my nipple.
"Yes." I answered.
"Yes what?' she asked.
"I will give up my pussy." I admitted.
"Will you give up your pussy to anyone and anything?" she asked.
I felt her finger and thumb tightening on my nipple again.
"Yes." I replied.
"What about your butthole. Is that available to everyone?"
She slapped my ass really hard again and I cried "Yes!"
"So you will do anything for anyone?"
"Yes, I will do whatever I am told to."
"Ok girls, entertain us up here on the stage." She ordered.
We all stood up but none of us was sure about what was required. Gail broke the ice by lying down on the stage and parting her legs. Cheryl and I started dancing and soon we were dancing close with each other. Gail stood up and joined in and I soon felt her hand on my bum. Before long we were all caressing each other all over as we danced.
I felt a hand on my pussy and I parted my legs a little. I was sucking one of Cheryl's nipples and she was fondling Gail's boobs. It all started to get to me and I sat down on the stage. Gail followed me down and buried her face between my legs. She was in the process of changing position so that I could lick her pussy while she licked mine when we sort of rolled over onto one side.
Cheryl got down on her knees and started to lick Gail and we naturally formed a triangle as I started to lick Cheryl. I had licked pussy before but never as part of a three way. I knew I was close to my first orgasm of the evening and wasn't surprised to feel Cheryl start to shudder.
Ronnie's sister was keeping up a running commentary and when Cheryl came it was announced as if it was a goal in a hockey game. When all three of us had orgasmed I sat up and looked around. The lights in the room had been turned on and I knew that the evenings fucking was about to begin.
"Now that you ladies are all naked you can do whatever you like in any part of the house." She announced.
"Will you be joining in?" I asked.
"Possibly, but not in the same role as you three." She laughed.
"How many guys are there?"
"A hundred and twenty or so at the moment. I expect others will arrive throughout the night."
There was little doubt that we were going to be well and truly screwed over the next day or so and I found myself feeling those familiar sensations but this time tinged with a little fear.
"Gentlemen, give us about fifteen minutes and then you can explore the house. The only room that is off limits is Victor's bedroom but that is already locked and shouldn't be an issue. Have fun guys!" Ronnie's sister announced.
She led us down off the stage and out to the hallway. As we walked out of the room that old familiar naked and desirable feeling came over me and I felt ready for anything.
When we got out of the room we were taken back to the small room that we had changed in. There were several racks of clothes and we were told that we could pick anything out to wear or, if we preferred we could stay naked.
Gail and I had both been in this situation before and so we both just picked out something small. Really, I just wanted something that I could strip out of for a bunch of guys so I just picked a micro g-string and matching bikini top. Gail picked some frilly panties and matching bra. Her bra was half cup and her nipples were visible. Cheryl picked out bra and panties and a blouse and long skirt.
"How long do you expect to be wearing all of that?" Gail asked.
"A couple of hours. Well, maybe not all of it but the underwear for sure." She replied.
"You will be naked and on your back inside ten minutes." Gail laughed.
"Or, if you are lucky, naked and on your hands and knees." I added.
"No, I don't think so." Cheryl replied.
Ronnie's sister re-appeared and told us to follow her. We went out into the hallway where she told Cheryl to go upstairs, Gail was sent down to the basement and I was directed into the living room.
It was referred to as the living room but it was not your average room. To begin with it was huge. I grew up in a house that was smaller than this room. It had three fire places, one at each end and one in the middle. The highest part of the vaulted ceiling had to be at least forty feet high. I didn't count the number of sofas and armchairs but they would have been a decent amount of inventory for a furniture store. The windows were enormous and I was concerned about the neighbours looking in. I went to look out at the gardens and was surprised to realize that these houses looked familiar.
Then I heard someone laugh. It surprised me because I thought that I was the only person in the room. The laugh had come from the far end of the room and I went to investigate. At the far end of the room was a long low table. I would have called it a coffee table if it wasn't for the fact that it was at least fifteen feet long. At one end of the table Darby and Victor were sitting on sofas on either side of the table. I made my way over and asked "May I join you?"
"Certainly, please sit here." Said Victor pointing to an armchair that was situated at the end of the table.
"Excellent show you girls put on out there." Commented Darby.
"Thanks." I smiled.
I went and sat down. "Whose house is this?" I asked.
"It's Victor's." said Darby.
"Is this the Faringdon Estate?" I asked.
"Yes, do you know it?" asked Victor.
"Not really. I've driven past it a few times just to look at the houses. I live a couple of miles south of here." I explained.
"Really? Then you should be our guest more often." Offered Victor.
"I'm a little worried about the windows. Can the neighbours see in?"
"Not at all, they have a coating on them that allows us to see out but if people look in all they see is a reflection. Besides, some of the neighbours are here tonight. Perhaps you'll get to know them quite well tonight." Victor answered.
I knew exactly what he meant by 'get to know them quite well' and I could feel my nipples hardening. Darby had noticed and said "You look like you're excited about the evening."
I smiled and shrugged my shoulders.
"Why don't you show us how excited you are?"
I felt like a young girl showing a guy my pussy for the first time as I reached down to pull my g-string to one side.
"Show me properly." He insisted.
I parted my legs and used my hand to open my pussy lips. I was indeed very damp and shiny and I felt embarrassed.
"Show Victor." Darby ordered.
I turned to face Victor and repeated the show.
"Beautiful." Was all Victor said.
"The guys will be coming in shortly. What are you going to do to entertain us?" asked Darby.
"I don't know. What would you like?"
"Why don't you use this table to strip off on and let the guys take it from there." Victor suggested. "Later you can explore the house and take advantage of our other facilities."
"Ok." I couldn't think of anything better.
Victor picked up a phone and said "Please bring a blouse and skirt that Janice might strip out of."
A few minutes later a young Indian woman appeared with a blouse and skirt which I quickly put on.
Victor and Darby went back to their conversation and I sat back to wait for the doors to be opened. I didn't have long to wait and soon the room started to fill up with black guys in tuxedos. Along with the black guys there was a sudden influx of a dozen or so young Indian men dressed in waiters uniforms. I knew that my time was approaching. Before long all of the sofas and armchairs around the long table were full and there were also guys standing behind them.
"Ok Janice, you can get started now." Said Darby.
I stood up and stepped up onto the table. I was still barefoot and thankfully didn't have to worry about slipping. I have no idea who's finger was on the button but all of a sudden George Thourougood's 'Bad to the Bone' came blasting out of the speakers. It is a great song for strutting and shaking your hips to and that's exactly what I intended to do. I decided that I wasn't going to take anything off during this song but would use it purely to make the guys want me to take something off. The next song was another lively one and I did at least undo the buttons on my blouse. The third song was a slower jazz tune and I eased the blouse off my shoulders and let it fall and before the end of the song my skirt was also gone. The fourth song was a slow, sultry blues tune that I had stripped to several times before. I knew that I would be naked by the end of the song and would then spend one more song showing myself off before the fucking started.
I pulled the two strings that held my bikini top on and let it fall. Even to me my boobs looked fantastic and I shook them and made them jiggle as nicely as I could. I spent some time strutting around before I got down on my hands and knees and crawled along. Several guys took advantage and reached out to grab a boob but I was enjoying myself and the groping made me even more horny. As always I was more than ready to take off the g-string.
I got to my knees and pulled the strings on both sides at the same time. I let go but the garment didn't fall away. My pussy had begun to swallow it and so I reached down and grabbed the string and pulled it back and forth through my pussy. Finally I took it off, stood up and strutted the full length of the table several times with the g-string dangling off my finger over my shoulder.
I noticed that Darby and Victor had given up their seats by the table and were now sitting in armchairs on a raised level a few yards back. The armchairs were up against a stone wall near the fireplace in the middle of the room. I knew that although they would have been able to see me take of my clothes I doubted that they had a good view of me lying naked on the table. I decided that I was going to go and give them both a close up view.
Stepping down off the table I made my way through the crowd of guys and stood right in front of Darby's chair. I held my hand out and he must have realized my intention because he held his hand out to help me up. I stood on the armchair with my feet either side of his legs. I started to sway and caress my body paying particular attention to my boobs and pussy. I played with my nipples for a bit and then leaned forward and put one hand against the wall.
I continued to sway as I bent my knees so that my pussy was in front of his face. Then I leaned forward so that my pussy was as close to his face without actually touching it. Looking down at him I saw him staring intently at my slit and I ran my hand over my breasts, stomach and down between my legs where I used my fingers to open my pussy lips. He smiled but resisted the temptation to touch.
Crouching down onto my haunches so that my tits were at eye level, I continued caressing and playing with my nipples. He smiled but did not touch. After a while I stepped down and moved over to Victor. When I got to the stage where my pussy was close to his face I felt his tongue on me and thought that my knees might buckle. I let him lick me for a minute or so and dropped down a little further, took his hands and placed them on my breasts.
"Do you want to be the first to take me?" I whispered to him.
"No, I'll see you during the evening at some point but right now you must go and satisfy my guests." He replied.
I took his hand and placed it between my legs. "Do you think I'm ready?" I smiled.
He felt the wetness between my legs and said "I've never seen a slut as ready as you."
I winked at him as I got down off the chair and turned around. As soon as I turned away from him I spread my legs and bent forward so that he had a good view of my pussy. He leaned forward and slapped my ass really hard.
So, here I am. I was naked again in front of a crowd of black guys and a bunch of Indian servers. I walked slowly through the crowd making sure that I rubbed up against guys and used my hands to touch them where it mattered. None of them ventured to touch me and then it occurred to me. They were waiting for permission.
I sat in an armchair and dangled a leg over each arm. "So, does anyone want it?" I asked.
The rush to get naked was hilarious. One guy had his pants down before he took his shoes off and, in his frenzy, he lost his balance and fell over. I laughed and my boobs jiggled beautifully.
Soon I was approached by two naked guys and I realized that the armchair wouldn't work well. I got up and quickly made my way to an empty sofa. As soon as I sat down the two guys each grabbed a leg and opened them as wide as they would go. Then a third guy came and buried his face in my pussy. It wasn't long before I was writhing in ecstasy. Before I orgasmed he stopped tonguing me and slipped his cock in.
Thankfully he wasn't particularly large and I took him easily. He didn't last long and when he came and pulled out I just had enough time to get into a more comfortable position on the sofa before the next guy presented himself. As he was screwing me another guy pushed his cock into my mouth. Since I had started my sexual adventures I had grown to enjoy the feeling of a cock in my mouth as well as in my pussy so I simply took it and started to suck. I still wasn't convinced that a cock in my ass was a good thing but I knew that at some point this evening it was going to happen.
I soon lost count of how many men had their way with me but I knew that I was far from finished. However, I needed a bit of a rest so when a guy pulled out of my pussy I put my hand over it. I finished sucking a guy off and yelled "Ok guys, take a break!"
The guys stopped immediately and I stood up and made my way to the bathroom. I could feel the cum dribbling down my legs and my chin and was happy to be able to clean up. For a moment I had forgotten that I was in a private residence and was surprised to see that the bathroom had a shower and bath as well as a toilet and sink. I took the opportunity to take a shower.
As I was toweling myself off Darby came into the bathroom. "How are you doing?" he asked.
"I'm fine." I replied.
He took the towel from me and stood looking at my naked body. There was something about his expression that made me nervous. He didn't look angry but his demeanor wasn't that of the almost fatherly figure that he normally projected.
"You know that the guys have just started don't you?"
"What do you mean?' I asked.
"Everyone knows that Cheryl isn't very experienced when it comes to our parties but they have been told that you and Gail are up for anything as often as possible." He explained.
"Who told them that?" I queried. I knew that I had the reputation but had not expected that it had become widely known.
"Well, my daughter believes that the only reason there should be white women on the planet is that they are here to satisfy black men. You didn't do yourself any favours by admitting on stage tonight that anything goes and all of your holes and are on offer."
"She was beating me!" I exclaimed.
"Well yes she was spanking you but at that time you were not restrained in any way. Besides, I have seen you doing all kinds of things over the months and the number of white guys that you have played with is minimal. I could arrange a party at which you would only play with white guys but I don't think you would enjoy that. Would you enjoy that?"
I had to admit that the idea was not as appealing to me as a party with black or Indian guys. I tried to argue that it wasn't true but I knew that I loved black and brown cocks but the only white cock that I was interested belonged to my husband.
"Ok. What's your point? What are you trying to get me to say?" I asked.
"Admit to me that you are addicted to my parties."
"I enjoy them." I admitted.
"How would you feel if I didn't invite you to any more parties?"
"I'd find someone else who would." I replied defiantly.
"Victor and I and several of our friends are very rich black men. There are very few black men who can throw a party like we do. Would you rather have a party in a low income apartment with a bunch of druggies or would you rather have the kind of luxury that you have with us?"
"That's not fair. Of course I enjoy the luxury and no, I would not be interested in doing this with druggies no matter what colour they are."
"Then can you find someone else that will satisfy your craving for everything that you have here tonight?"
"No." I admitted. I couldn't understand why he was being so cruel.
"You are a middle aged woman. You are still attractive but time is not on your side." He was suddenly very businesslike.
"You think I have not already figured that out? That's why I don't turn your parties down."
"So you admit that I am the only person that can supply you with what you crave?"
"No, I have had fun with Marcus at my house and in his basement. I could carry on with that."
"Are you forgetting that Marcus is my son-in-law and Ronnie is my daughter? Every party, every gangbang, every time you have enjoyed a black man has been approved by me. Even your first experience with a black man was arranged by me."
"I advertised on the internet for that." I argued.
"Yes, I know. I picked the man that you would strip for and have sex with."
"What do you want of me?"
"I have business interests all over the world. Sometimes contracts are not easy to negotiate. Someone like you could make things easier for me."
"What do you mean?' I asked.
"I am negotiating some contracts in Africa and China. You could help me seal those contracts."
"That's illegal and I am not a whore."
"There is irrefutable evidence that you are indeed a whore." He smiled. "I believe forty six dollars and thirty five cents is your price."
"I was set up!"
"No matter, I have enough video of you to convince anyone. Even your current employer."
"This is blackmail." I protested.
"Not at all. You play ball with me and I will make it worthwhile."
"What do you mean?"
"I will provide you with as many opportunities to enjoy yourself as you want. I will even help you with your retirement income. You can turn down my offer and you will never hear from me again or you can accept and continue to enjoy my hospitality and make some money too."
I should have told him to fuck off right there and then but in truth my retirement didn't look great and I absolutely loved occasions that found me naked among a group of men. I was indeed addicted to sex with men of colour. Since I had started this journey I had become more confident, felt more desirable and had more fun than I'd ever had. Did I really want to go back to my humdrum life and welcome old age without feeling that I had lived.
"What do you want?" I asked.
"On occasion I have groups of people visit me who might need a little persuasion to sign a contract. I'd like you to try to persuade them to do so. All you have to do is enjoy yourself. In return I would drop a sum of money into a bank account for you. You spend time enjoying yourself and I get new business."
"How does this differ from what I'm doing now?"
"So far it has all been in fun. What I am asking is all business. You are a large breasted, blonde haired white woman. Some of the people I deal with have never had the pleasure of being entertained by such a creature. If you accept my offer you have to agree to certain conditions."
"Like what?"
"Firstly, you may not turn down any party. If I tell you to be somewhere at a certain time you will be there. Secondly, these guys can be cruel. You may find yourself in uncomfortable situations being asked to do things that you have not done before. You may well be humiliated."
"Well, so far I have been fucked in all kinds of ways, been naked and exposed in front of hundreds of guys and had my ass and tits spanked. The Slut Olympics at your reparations dinner was humiliating for some girls but I loved it. I don't think that there will be much that I haven't done before."
"Ok, sounds like you are good with it." Darby smiled.
"I also have terms." I answered. "I get to keep my current job and you don't interfere with that in any way. Nobody else ever gets to hear of our arrangement and there will be certain times of the year that I am not available. My family always comes first."
"Done." Darby smiled.
He held out his hand for me to shake and when I did my boobs jiggled nicely. So what if I get fucked a lot by people I have never met. That's exactly what I've been doing lately. The way I saw it, it was precisely what I was already doing but now I'd get paid for it.
"How much money are we talking about?" I asked.
"This is not the time or place to discuss that. Come and see me one evening next week and we can talk."
"Ok, sounds good."
He threw the towel into the bathtub and gave me a long hug.
"How many other girls do you have this arrangement with?" I asked.
"None. Victor explained how he was able to seal a contract last month with Gail's assistance. Gail's financial problems are a thing of the past and Victor's business is thriving." He explained.
"Why have you chosen me?"
"You have proven yourself willing and able time and time again. That is rare in a mature woman. Now, go and prove that you are worthy." He slapped my ass and guided me toward the bathroom door.
We went back into the living room and Darby sat back in his armchair. Victor wasn't there. I assumed that he had gone to watch his girl perform.
Music was still playing and so I got up onto the long table to dance for the guys again making sure that they got lots of pussy close-ups and boob bouncing fun. I paid particular attention to one guy who was naked and fully erect. I danced in front of him for about thirty seconds before he lifted me off of the table and dumped me over the arm of a sofa. In a matter of moments he was thrusting in and out for all he was worth. I felt wonderful and I closed my eyes. When I started gasp another cock was pushed into my mouth. I would have been happy to suck him off but he was intent on fucking my face almost as hard as the guy in my pussy.
The action continued at either end for quite some time until it seemed everyone had had their fill. It was time for another shower before I went to explore the house. I had almost finished in the shower when the glass door was opened. I felt someone cupping my breasts and looked down to see two black hands on me. I reached behind me and tried to grab his cock but he pushed against me and all I could touch was his hips. He reached forward and grabbed the soap and started to massage my boobs. My nipples responded and, as his hands ventured down over my stomach and onto my pussy, I felt my vagina tingling too.
His hands were rough but he knew how to touch a woman. Finally I couldn't stand it anymore and I bent forward to let him in. I was surprised to feel the head of his cock probing my sphincter rather than my pussy and soon felt the pain of entry. As he pushed further into me the pain turned to pleasure and I knew that my orgasm would come soon. Thankfully I felt him tense up just as my orgasm hit me. We both showered each other and dried ourselves.
By now I had been being fucked almost non-stop for several hours and I needed a rest. I decided to go upstairs and find an empty bedroom for a couple of hours. On the way up the stairs I was groped by several guys but that was all.
One of the first guys that I bumped into was Victor.
"Is there an empty bedroom I can use for a few hours?" I asked.
"Yes, just down the hallway here but first come and look at this." He replied.
There was a line-up of about a dozen naked black men waiting to get into the bedroom. Victor led me into the room and I was surprised to see a woman on the bed with three cocks inside her. Her pussy, ass and mouth were being liberally fucked and I couldn't tell if she was squealing in pain or pleasure.
At first I thought it was Gail but then Victor commented "Your friend Cheryl is really starting to get into this."
I was shocked but then the competitive side of me took over and I promised myself that, after a few hours rest, I would be in the same position except I would also have a cock in each hand. I smiled and winked at Victor and he showed me to a bedroom.
It was three or four hours later that I woke up and was surprised to find Cheryl on the bed beside me. She looked a little worse for wear but she was sleeping soundly and I decided to sneak out quietly. I was ready to go again but first I needed a bite to eat. I found the kitchen and was going through the fridge when Ronnie's sister came in. The fact that she was fully clothed and I was completely naked gave her an immediate advantage.
"What are you looking for?" she snapped.
"Something to make a sandwich with. I'm hungry." I replied.
She shoved me out of the way and pulled out a tray of deli meat and cheese. She found some butter and a loaf of bread and said "Make me one too."
I felt uncomfortable in her presence and made the two sandwiches in silence. She grabbed the first one and went to sit at the kitchen table. I finished making my sandwich and went to join her.
"Mind if I sit here?" I asked.
"I don't care." She sniffed.
We sat in silence for a few minutes and finally I decided that I had to ask her.
"You don't like me do you?"
"Don't think you're special honey. I don't like any white people." There was a hint of venom in her voice.
"Why is that? People are people. There's good and bad in all." I offered.
"I have my reasons." She snapped.
"Which are?"
"When I was in college I was sexually abused by a gang of white guys."
"Why didn't you go to the cops?" I asked.
"I did. They didn't believe anything I said. The white guys said that I stripped for them and invited them to screw me. I had drunk most of a bottle of wine at a party in a house and I was the last female there. Six sober white guys, white male cops and one drunken black girl. Nobody cared. Nobody believed me."
"Couldn't your father help?"
"He hired lawyers. Hired private detectives to investigate the guys who attacked me. Nobody cared. The guys stuck together and the white establishment stuck with them."
"I'm sorry. I didn't know." I muttered lamely.
"Your apology means nothing. Save it."
"Is this why you come to your fathers events? To see white girls being fucked by gangs of black guys?"
"Yep. The more black guys the better. I like it best when the white slut is afraid. Just like I was."
"Then I guess I'm a disappointment to you." I smiled.
"I'm just biding my time."
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"One day my father will organize a party and not be able to attend it. I will take over and every white girl there will be very scared." She had a look in her eyes that worried me.
"Is it just white people that you hate?"
"Yep, I'm not alone in that either." She replied.
"Oh. How so?"
"Apart from Marcus' birthday party how many naked black women have you seen at my father's parties?"
I didn't want to tell her that I had made out with her sister a couple of times.
"None." I admitted.
"Why do you think that is?" she asked.
"I don't know. I've never thought about it."
"My father tolerates white women so long as he can get them naked and have them fucked by black guys. If you refuse him you'll pay the price."
"What price?"
"If he thinks you are worth keeping you will be humiliated and abused before you get back in his favour. If he doesn't think you are worthy he will just humiliate you privately and possibly publicly."
"And how will that happen?" I was curious.
"Your videos could appear on the internet or maybe he will find a way to ruin your career."
"What about Ronnie? She seems ok."
"Ronnie is the weak one. Her job is to seek out white women that we can take advantage of. In her mind it is all good clean fun." She answered.
We had both finished eating and she stood up and grabbed my arm and said "Come on. It's time you got on with what you are here for."
I wrenched my arm out of her grasp and said "I'll go when I'm ready."
"You'll go now slut." She grabbed one of my nipples and started to twist.
"Oh fuck, let me go." I yelled.
She twisted my nipple a little harder and slapped my face with her free hand.
Before I knew what was happening I was being dragged by my nipple down a corridor. She stopped outside a room and shoved me in. I stumbled and fell onto the floor.
"No need to be gentle with this one boys, she loves it rough." She laughed.
I lay on the floor for a minute or two wondering how this had managed to turn nasty so quickly. Before I really had a chance to gather my wits I was lifted to my feet and pushed towards a chaise longue upon which sat a naked guy. I fell on to him and, as he lifted me up, felt my legs being forced apart. He immediately penetrated me and was balls deep on the first thrust. He pulled me tighter onto him and I felt something probing my sphincter. This guy was marginally more thoughtful and, although he didn't waste much time, he at least didn't shove his whole cock into me in one go.
I was shocked at this turn of events, not because it was something that I didn't want to do but because it was so rough. I knew I had no choice but to get through it. As the guys picked up the pace I felt something being dragged from side to side across my lips. It smelled like a cock and I decided that I had better acquiesce and so I opened my mouth. He had no interest in having me suck him off and was soon banging my mouth as hard as the guy in my pussy.
I felt hands on both of my shoulders and my hands were grabbed and a cock thrust into each of them. I had already determined that at some point in the evening I would try to please five guys at the same time. I wasn't prepared for how rough the guys would be. The guy in my ass was the first to cum and as soon as he pulled out another cock was shoved in. The guy in my mouth came next and I choked as his cum hit the back of my throat. I felt the wetness of his load dripping down my chin. The next guy in my mouth pulled out before he came so that he could shoot his load onto my face. Over the next couple of hours I pleasured quite a number of guys in this manner. I say quite a number because I found it impossible to keep count.
Finally I was pushed aside and left to myself. I knew I must have looked a mess. I felt like I was caked in cum and all of my holes were sore. I lay there for a good quarter of an hour gasping for breath.
"Enjoy that?" It was Ronnie's sister.
"It was ok." I lied.
"Good, you can be our go to when we need someone to satisfy a large number of guys quickly. I'll tell my father. He'll be happy to know how capable you are. Of course he has probably already watched the video." She laughed.
She leaned over and slapped one of my breasts hard. "Get up and get cleaned up. You're not finished yet.
I struggled to my feet and pushed past her on my way to the bathroom. I locked the bathroom door and took a long hot shower. I needed to recover and took my time doing so. When I was done I opened the bathroom door and found Darby waiting for me. He gave me a hug and said "I did indeed watch the video. I apologize for my daughter's behavior. I will talk to her and make sure she leaves you alone."
"Thank you. Is what she said true? Do you merely tolerate me so long as I fuck your friends?" I asked.
"At the start yes. Now though I feel differently. I still want you to bring joy to my friends but I want you to enjoy it too. Don't worry, I'll protect you. I won't let anyone abuse you and I will talk to my daughter. I love watching you in action and want it to continue. I suspect that you enjoy pleasing my friends and I hope you are willing to carry on."
"I do enjoy it but there has to be some respect." I explained.
"Yes, I agree. My daughter has her problems and I am making her role in my organization less and less important. One of my companies down south isn't doing so well so I'm going to send her down there to try to turn it around. I told her that she has to make it profitable within two years. In truth I have already written it off but if she can make it work I'll give her the company and she'll spend most of her time there. She's not going to trouble you again."
"Good. She is taking a lot of the fun out of this."
"Speaking of fun, what would you like to do now? There's an indoor pool and a games room."
"I wouldn't mind a swim." I admitted. "But I forgot to bring my costume."
Darby smiled."Your birthday suit looks fantastic. Let's go."
With that he put his arm around me and we set off towards a staircase. Before we even got to the staircase his hand had somehow managed to 'drift' down on to my ass. I didn't mind it at all.
As soon as we got to the pool I took several quick steps and dived straight in. I swam several lengths and then decided to give Darby a bit of a show. I turned onto my back and floated back and forth making sure that my boobs and pussy were on show. Finally, feeling refreshed, I got out of the pool and approached him. He picked up a towel and started to dry me off. I let him spend as much time as he liked drying of the parts he liked most and he chuckled when he felt me shudder as he was drying my pussy.
My mini orgasm had made me hungry for more. I reached down to feel his cock through his pants but he pushed my hand away.
"No, not yet. We are going to take you back to where this all started. You'll have fun." He laughed.
"What do you mean?" I was confused.
"You'll see."
He took me back to the room that my orange jump suit was in.
He picked up a small bag and offered it to me "Get dressed."
I opened the bag and found it contained some underwear, black pants and a button up blouse. When I was dressed he took me out to a car. It was a BMW and I was surprised to see Victor at the wheel. I was blindfolded again and we set off.
We had only been driving for about fifteen minutes when we came to a stop. Darby helped me out of the car and up some steps. I heard a door open and we went inside. I knew instantly that we were in my house. I was led to a sofa and told to sit down. My blindfold was taken off and the first person I saw was my husband. He was sitting on a chair across from me and didn't speak but merely nodded.
Victor and Darby had each pulled a chair from around the dining table and sat down. Sitting on the loveseat was Jeff, the guy that I had 'found' on the internet and had stripped for and had sex with to spite my husband months previously.
"What's going on?" I asked.
"Show us how this whole adventure started for you." Said Darby.
"What do you mean?" I asked.
"Well, you are sitting where you were back then. Your husband is sitting where you ordered him to sit all those months ago and Jeff is waiting to be entertained just like he was back then." Darby explained.
"Did you know this was going to happen?" I asked my husband.
"I didn't the first time." He replied. "But tonight? Yes."
"We are waiting." Darby smiled as if I was his baby daughter about to sing a song or play a piano piece for him.
I got to my feet and faced Jeff. If anything I was even more nervous than I was the first time.
"Go on. You can start now." He was encouraging me.
I slowly started to undo the buttons on my blouse. When they were all undone I shrugged the blouse off of my shoulders and let it drop. Next I undid my pants and took them off. The memory of that very first striptease came flooding back to me. Now, in just my underwear, I sat on the footstool and allowed my legs to part. Jeff looked at my panty covered pussy and smiled. I had lost a bit of weight since the evening that I stripped for him and I think he noticed.
I got up and stood right in front of Jeff and then straddled him. Reaching behind my back I undid my bra, twirled it around and dropped it over my shoulder. Then I leaned forwards and dragged my boobs across his face several times. Before long he was sucking and nibbling on one nipple. I let him do so for a few minutes and then stood up again. Just like the first time I turned and started to push my panties down. I let my husband see my shaved mound and looked over my shoulder to see Jeff staring at my ass.
Turning back to face Jeff I let my panties slide down my legs. I stepped out of them and kicked them into the air. I caught them and twirled them over my head. This time when I let go they flew onto the sofa rather than landing at my husband's feet.
As I recalled, my next move was to bend over and put my hands on the footstool. My pussy was only a few feet from my husband's face and Jeff was staring at my swinging boobs. I stood up and went around to the other side of the footstool and gave Jeff a view of my pussy while I swung my boobs for my husband.
I stood up again and straddled Jeff. Just like the first time I placed his hands on my boobs and let his play. Then I took one of his hands and guided it down my side, over my thigh and between my legs. He obliged by sliding a couple of fingers into me.
The first time I had done this I was so nervous that I just wanted to stop and apologize to my husband and Jeff but I was so angry I couldn't. This time I was just out and out horny. I desperately wanted to see and feel Jeff's gorgeous cock again.
Jeff brought me to an orgasm and I turned to face my husband. Sitting on Jeff's lap I took his hands and placed them on my breasts. He played for a while before dropping his hand down to my pussy again. I let him play for a while and then stood up and held out my hand.
Jeff took it and I started to lead him up the stairs. I signaled my husband to follow and noticed Darby and Victor stand up to follow. Halfway up the stairs I stopped and bent over and Jeff fondled my ass and pussy again. When we got to the bedroom it was set up as before except that there was also a chair each so the Darby and Victor could watch.
I took Jeff's shirt off and got down onto my knees to start on his pants. I undid his belt and pants and pulled them down.
Now, with him dressed only in his boxers I looked up and smiled at him. I ran my hand up inside his boxers to feel that cock and then started to pull them down. As before I kissed his stomach as I lowered the boxers and, when the bottom of his shaft appeared started to kiss that too. When his cock was freed from his boxers I pushed it up against his body and licked underneath his balls. I gradually worked my way up his cock and eventually took it into my mouth.
Then I lay on my back on the bed and told him to lick me. He licked my pussy beautifully for twenty five minutes or so before I turned over and got on my hands and knees. He was gentle but wasted no time in easing his cock into me. He started gently thrusting in and out as I stared straight into my husband's eyes. I knew that this was exactly what I had done first time around because I remembered that my husband tried to stare me down but his attention was distracted by my flailing tits. Just like the first time my husband didn't know whether to look at my face or my tits and just like the first time my tits won.
We both orgasmed and lay on the bed breathing hard. After a while I started to play with Jeff's cock again and used my mouth and tongue to clean it off. When he was hard again I straddled him and lowered myself onto that magnificent penis. This time he couldn't avoid cumming and as I felt his warm spurts inside of me I also came.
A little while later he fingered me to another orgasm and I masturbated him and let him come over my chest and face.
When I had recovered I went and had a shower. Jeff left and when my shower was done I went downstairs where the guys were waiting.
My husband came over to hug me."How are you doing?" He asked.
"Ok. You?"
"I'm fine. I miss you." He replied.
"I'm sorry you had to see me do that with Jeff again." I offered.
"Don't worry about it. I've wanted to relive that evening for quite a while. Darby has been sending me videos of your activities this week. You've been quite busy." He laughed.
"You've seen everything!" I was shocked.
"Yes. I only have one complaint."
"What's that?"
"You need to smile more!"
"Ok guys. It's two in the morning. We need to get going." Darby announced.
My husband cupped my breasts, kissed each nipple and said "See you in a few days."
I kissed him and turned towards the door. I was almost at the door when I realized that I was still naked.
"Can I have something to cover up with?" I asked.
"Certainly not. It's two in the morning and it's dark. Nobody will see you."Darby scolded.
I looked at my discarded clothes on the living room floor and realized that I wasn't going to win this argument.
Victor opened the front door and unlocked the car.
"Get in the front." Darby growled.
I wasn't about to argue. It wouldn't be much but it was quicker for me to get in the front. I buckled up and we set off.
"Where are we going?" I asked.
"Back to Victor's to get the limo and then back to the hotel for some rest." Replied Darby.
The very first set of lights that we came to was red. We stopped and I suddenly felt vulnerable. As if on cue a dump truck pulled up beside us. The driver gave two short blasts on his horn and I knew that I had been seen.
"Take your seat belt off and lift your tits up for him." Ordered Victor.
I unbuckled the belt and juggled my boobs.
"Now lean over and spread your legs." Victor commanded.
I leant back and put one foot up on the dashboard.
"He loves it." Laughed Darby.
The light changed and I thought that would be the end of it but Victor pulled away slowly so that the truck could keep up. Two hundred yards down the road we hit another set of red lights.
"Use your hand to part your pussy lips."
I did as I was told. The truck driver gave another two blasts on his horn.
"Put your fingers into your snatch and then put them in your mouth." I was told.
We pulled away slowly again and I was told to hold one of my boobs up and lick my nipple while my other hand was rubbing my pussy. I figured I'd never see the truck driver again and so I obliged.
At the third set of lights the show continued. When the light turned green Victor powered away and we made our way back to his house.
After the truck driver episode I was no longer afraid of being seen naked in public and I strolled from the car to the house without a care.
The first thing I saw, or rather heard, was Cheryl wailing as she was bent over at the bottom of the main staircase taking a furious fucking from a bull. I stood to watch for a moment before Darby hustled me into a room. He shut the door behind Victor and I. Victor pushed a couple of buttons on a remote and reached over and turned the lights off. In front of me three large screens burst into life. The first screen showed the main living room. Apart from several guys sitting around talking there was nothing going on. The second screen showed Cheryl taking her pounding at the bottom of the staircase. The third screen showed an empty bedroom. Victor flicked through the channels and eventually found Gail back on the round stage on her hands and knees being fucked roughly by two guys. There were forty or so other guys who appeared to be waiting their turn.
"Gonna be a long night for Gail." Sighed Darby. "You think she needs any help?"
"No, she's fine. She loves these kind of odds." Replied Victor.
"Ok Janice. Let's get going."
We made our way back to the limo and on to the hotel. At the hotel I put on a show for Darby after which he fucked me from behind. The next thing I knew it was gone nine o'clock in the morning and Fitz was putting a breakfast tray on a table near the bed.
Darby was already gone, evidently to a business meeting.
"Darby tells me that I am to give you your first cock of the day after you finish breakfast." He said almost apologetically.
"That's fine." I replied.
I teased him for a while by eating slowly as I sat there with my legs apart. He couldn't take his eyes off of it and I moved occasionally to give him a slightly better view.
"How do you plan to screw me?" I teased. "Would you like me on my back or on my hands and knees? Maybe just stood up and bent over the arm of the couch would be good. Or would you prefer shower sex?"
When I finished breakfast he simply threw me over the edge of the bed and took me from behind. What a wonderful way to start the day. I took a shower and wondered what Darby had in mind for me for the rest of the day.