A little about me. I'm a transvestite, Indian, short (without heels 5'3) and quite passable. I dress up often and go out in public fully dressed and get picked up often.
One night after my friend dropped me off after an evening out, I waited until after he left and put on a red lace bra, red lace G-string, white lace top and a very small (12 inches long) gold stretchy skirt to go on my adventure for the night.
I started off by driving to a convenience store to show off. The first store I went to the guy kept staring at as I walked in and was bold enough to whistle. I pretended like I didn't hear him and then pretended to be looking for something. I went over and stood by his counter with my ass inches away from his hand looking out searching for something.
He asked what I'm looking for. I turned to look at him and saw that he was boldly staring at my ass in this micro mini tight stretchy skirt.
I lied and said, "Condoms," to let him know that I was a bit of a slut.
He then told me I have an awesome ass and immediately lifted my skirt and said, "Let me see what's under there!"
It happened so quick and surprised me so I jumped a bit and he grabbed my ass cheeks and laughed at my surprise.
I walked away from him and then decided to cruise down some isles. I walked up one isle walking toward him letting him openly stare at my chest and then the next isle letting him stare at my ass. I found the isle with the gum and bent over to look and grab one, making sure to keep my knees straight and bent over from the waist with my back toward him, allowing him to plainly see my ass. I then went to pay.
When I reached the counter, I swear not for one second did he even look up at my face as I walked toward him. His eyes were glued to my chest. He said he saw me put something in my bra and under my skirt and to lift up my top so he can see if I put something there. I laughed at how ridiculous this was because he could clearly see my bra through the lace top and then he told he could call the cops if I like.
So I said, "Lift it up right here in the front of the store?"
He said, "Yes, why not? I'm sure you're used to it!"
I was almost going to ask what he meant but decided not to, letting him think whatever he was of me.
So I lifted my top and he just stared at my lacy bra and nodded like he approved.
Then he said, "Now the skirt."
I again asked, "Right here?"
He said, "Ok fine, come around the counter."
So I did and lifted my skirt and he whistled at my tiny panties.
"Happy?" I asked.
He said no, that he was sure I hid something and then said come here.
I let go of my skirt and walked over to him and he suddenly grabbed my tits and started feeling me up.
I asked, "What are you doing?"
He told me he was making sure nothing was hidden underneath my bra or panties.
He then put his hand in between legs and tried to fondle me. Here I had to stop him by closing my legs because I didn't want him finding out my little secret.
Then someone came in which caused him to stop feeling me up. I secretly wished he kept it up but decided I should play the part and left the store.
That was the first of three stores for that night.
More to come :)