CHAPTER 5 - GOING TO A PARTY
The next couple of days passed in a bit of a blur. Lyn had muttered something about the new girl needing to provide some sort of entertainment at the party, but I couldn't get out of her what exactly was required, and she didn't seem to have that much idea either. She went over to M&S a couple of times, or at least that was what she said. Could I really trust that she wasn't going back to Angia, or at worst that she would tell me if she did? I tried to use my nose to detect if she had any smell of a woman on her. I asked the dog to help, but she just ignored me.
Anyway, Saturday came around and we headed off to Angia's house, which turned out to be a very grand place on the edge of Torquay, with huge rooms and even a swimming pool. Lyn said she had thought of something to do, but she was exceptionally secretive about it, and wouldn't tell me what it was, however much I asked. We parked the car, and as we walked up to the house, a woman, who I took to be Angia came out to meet us. She hugged Lyn, and kissed her not on her cheeks, but on her mouth, but whilst she also hugged me, she just air kissed me on both cheeks. She definitely had something about her, just as Lyn had said, and I started to understand how she had got hooked.
"You must be Ricky" she said, "Lyn has told me so much about you. Let me introduce you to my husband, Keith, and his secretary, Annette."
I had got a fair picture of what I expected Annette to be like from Lyn's telling of Angia's story, and she matched my preconception quite well. However, I had somehow got the impression of Keith as being a bit of a wimp, when in fact he came across as composed, and with a degree of authority. I later found out that he was the CEO of the largest clothes logistics company in the west of England, which explained how he came to own such a large house, and how he managed to get Angia set up in her lingerie business. If things were going to get wild, there was no sign of it, with everyone fully dressed in smart casual clothes, and behaving normally.
"Come inside", said Keith, making way for Lyn then me to enter, "and let me introduce our other guests."
As we entered into a large lounge, with a fantastic view over the cliffs and out to Lyme Bay, there were two other couples already in the room. One couple were both black, he especially so, and while he was very tall and slim, his wife was shorter, and whilst not fat, she had a huge pair of boobs, which wobbled alarmingly as she moved. Her hair was made up in to tight dreadlocks. I found the wobbling fascinating but a bit worrying: either those tits really had to be huge underneath, or Angia's bras weren't all that Lyn had cracked them up to be.
"Hello, I'm Charles, and this is my wife Ruby" the tall black man said, and in this case Lyn and I just shook hands.
The other couple were quite different. The woman was really quite tiny, with vivid ginger hair tied back in a ponytail, and her husband was pretty much like me: non-descript, slightly stocky, and with a full head of white hair.
"Hello, I'm Penny, and this is my husband Tony" the woman said. "We're really pleased to meet you, but I'm afraid we have to leave straight after the buffet, because we have to take our dog to the vet. However, I'm sure that we will see you again. Once Angie latches on to people, they do tend to stay around."
It was hard to believe that these were people who fucked each other regularly and openly, as they all seemed so normal. We had pink champagne, which this time Lyn did get to drink, and we grazed on a pre-prepared cold buffet, with the conversation being entirely innocent and just all about finding out a bit more about each other's backgrounds, just like any normal boring party.
However, after an hour or so, Penny and Tony said they had to get going, and this seemed to be a signal for Angie to tell us we needed to move into the games room. Wow, this turned out to be a huge room over the swimming pool, and it really showed the sort of games that were played in here, as there were several huge beds, three settees and a few armchairs. All along one wall, there was a set of hooks, on which were hung plush dressing gowns of the sort that you see in posh hotels. At one end of the room, there were stair down to the pool area, and three doors, which weren't fully shut, and which seemed to contain either toilets or showers or both, which would make sense given the pool below.
We all sat down, except Angia, who walked over to Lyn and took her over to a settee which was facing the rest of the seats.
"So, as is our tradition, a new girl always opens our entertainment, and obviously, this time it is Lyn, who I had the pleasure of serving last week." she said, with the same smile and twinkle that Lyn had described to me. "However, it's especially exciting for me this time, as I have no idea what Lyn has prepared for us. So, I hand you over to Lyn".
We all applauded and looked at Lyn in anticipation, me as much as anyone. I must say she looked really nervous, and as if part of her just wanted to get up and run out, but she seemed to pull herself together, and said:
"Do you all like sugared almonds? I hope you do, because my cunt is stuffed full of them, and I thought you might enjoy getting them out."
And with that Lyn opened her legs as wide as she could manage, and laid back on the settee. She'd obviously come out without any knickers on, because we could all clearly see her hairy pussy and beneath the hair, the hint of the opening to her vagina. A gasp ran round the room. I was shocked and stunned. Clearly Angia had had a much stronger effect on her behaviour than I'd reaLyned. For a few seconds, no one moved, and I had a brief moment of terror that Lyn had totally misjudged it, and opening up her cunt to almost complete strangers, both male and female, was completely the wrong thing to do. However, the next moment everyone was up on their feet and moving towards her.
"Now let's have some order" shouted Angia "Ladies first, and since it was me that recruited her, I claim the first go".
Given all that was going on, I clearly wasn't able to see everything, but this is how I later told Lyn the story of the evening from my perspective.
I watched as Angia knelt down in front of you, pulled open your cuntlips, and put her mouth over your hole. We could hear here sucking hard, then all of a sudden, she stood up, opened her mouth, and said
"I've got one! It's a pink one, which is my favourite, but better than that it is flavoured with Lyn's cunt juice".
Then there was a bit of pushing, and Annette stepped forward, and said
"My turn next".
I watched, fascinated, as she also knelt down between your legs, and pulled open her lips. But she didn't immediately put her mouth on your cunt.
"Let me see what colours there are in here" she said. "I think if I put my fingers in her hole I can open her up enough that I might be able to get one I want.
Everyone crowded round as she stretched open your hole, which showed several different colours of sugared almond nestling inside you. Only then did she poke out her tongue and push it into you. And with a bit of jiggling around, which I'm sure was more than was needed just to get one out of you, she finally stood up and showed us the sweet in her mouth, which she'd prised out of your cunt.
"Shit, she said, Angia wasn't wrong when she said what a great taste Lyn's cunt has. Maybe I could go back for another one."
But then she was pushed out of the way by Ruby.
"Fuck off," she said, "it's my turn next, then Angie and then Keith and Charles before you get another turn."
She managed to suck an almond out of your cunt, after what seemed a remarkably long time of moving her face around your pussy. I could see that the tension of doing the wrong thing had left you, but was being replaced by a different tension as all of the action around your clit was starting to get you aroused. Not surprisingly, having Angie come over and lock her mouth between your legs only excited you more. Not only that, but she'd already learned how best to get you closer to climax by using her mouth. Of course, I'd got pretty aroused myself watching these women sucking your hole, and this only increased as I watched Keith and Charles take their turns.
All of a sudden, I noticed that Angia had slipped away quietly, taken her clothes off, and just had a dressing gown on, very loosely tied, so that I could see her cleavage and her breasts moving around through the neck. Yes, it looked as if you were right about this as well: her tits looked fantastic. Angia came over to me and said:
"Why don't you go over and change into a dressing gown, while the others finish getting the almonds out of Lyn's cunt? That was really an amazing intro she gave us, and I think things will be kicking off quickly, as everyone will have got nicely aroused."
And she led me over, to one of the changing rooms, and started to undress me. I could smell your slime still on her face, and of course, my knob sprang out of my trousers in front of her, but she just gently stoked it, and handed me a dressing gown. When we walked back in to the main room, I saw Charles claim his almond out of Lyn, though I was a bit distracted by trying to stop my knob from keep poking out through my dressing gown. I also saw that Annette, Ruby and Keith had already changed out of their clothes, but rather than a dressing gown, Annette was fully naked.
"Right", said Angie, "let's get Lyn out of her clothes, so we can give her a proper thank you for that absolutely fabulous show."
She and Annette went over to you, and helped you stand up. You had a look on your face that was a mixture of ecstasy over the sensations and success of your almond stunt, and fear over what might come next. Before you had a chance to say anything, Annette had pulled your dress right over your head and off, and Angia undid your bra. You were then standing, fully naked, in front of three men and four women, most of whom you'd never met before, and you could feel their eyes boring in to you, inspecting your tits, your ass, and trying to get another look at your pussy. I could also see your eyes focus on Annette's tits, which were everything Angia had said they were. Prominent, slightly sagging, but with the most enormous aureoles.
"That was fantastic" Annette said, as she registered you staring at her breasts, "and because it was so good, you get the first turn at making my nipples stiff. I know that Angia has told you how amazing this can be".
She pulled your head down to her chest, so you could suck one of her tits.
"Just suck hard, and roll your tongue around my nipple, and you'll get the amazing sensation as my aureole crinkles up and my nipple extends by at least a centimetre."
As you were doing that, both Charles and Keith moved over to you. Keith started playing with your breasts, which were dangling nicely as you were bent over, and Charles ran his big, black hands over your bum, occasionally letting one stray in between your bum cheeks towards your arsehole and your cunt.
By this time, I'd given up trying to keep my knob in my dressing gown, not least because Ruby had shed her gown completely. I just couldn't keep my eyes off her tits, which were absolutely huge, hanging down on her belly almost to her waist. She walked over to me, opened my gown and pulled herself close to me so that her massive breasts were pressing against my chest, and my prick was pushing hard into her. She kissed me, and I reaLyned that I had actually never been kissed by a black woman before, let alone one who was naked. She moved her had down to my knob and pushed to down so that it was pushing against her pussy itself.
"I think Lyn must have told Angie that you like big black tits, so tonight you can fuck me and Angie, while Charles, Keith and Annette fuck Lyn. If you've never seen a huge black cock forcing itself into Lyn's cunt, then you need to keep your eyes open. It will be an amazing sight!"
Looking across to where you were sucking Annette's other tit, I could see that Charles had also dropped his gown off, and his prick was enormous. Not just long, but massive round as well. I desperately wanted to watch it slide right into you, but I felt Angie's breasts pressing into my back, and her hand came round to my prick, and started to rub it against Ruby's pussy. In any case, I couldn't get Ruby's huge tits out of my mind, so I grabbed them with both hands, and started to play with her nipples. Angia started to kiss the back of my neck, which combined with the effect she was having on my prick really got me bursting with excitement.
"Let's go over to the bed" Angie said.
As we walked over to one of the beds, I could see that you were already on your back on another one, with what looked like Annette, Charles and Keith all with their hands up your cunt. When we got to the bed, Ruby forced me back down, and knelt over me, dangling her enormous breasts in my face. Angie knelt behind her, and caught hold of my knob, opened Ruby's slit with the other hand, and rubbed my cock round and round Ruby's clit. It felt fucking wonderful, the only problem being that I was worried I might come too soon, and lose out on the opportunity you'd promised me to fuck your seducer, Angia. I put my mouth around one of Ruby's breasts, at least as far as I could and sucked hard. I felt her nipple stiffen against my tongue, although I suspected that this was as much because of what Angie was doing to her with my knob as what I was with my mouth. Then Ruby said
"Stick his prick in my cunt, and let me ride him"
Angia did just that. As Ruby sat back, I could feel her slide my knob along her black slit and into her cunt. Shit, that felt good, and the sight of Ruby's tits swinging around in front of me almost made me come, but I managed to control it. Just as I thought I had things under control, Angie, who had moved around the bed, suddenly straddled me and forced my face hard into her pussy. Then I could feel her hand come round and pull her slit open, and she then started to rock backwards and forwards so that my face was sliding between her clit, and even past her cunt hole right back to her asshole. I thought back to your story, when Angie did the same to you, and I began to understand some more why you found her so compelling. At the same time, Ruby was rocking herself backwards and forwards on my cock, and I could feel how wet she was as I slid in and out of her hole. I sensed that Angie and Ruby were kissing deeply, and I felt Angia's hand move down my stomach to find Ruby's clit, which she then rubbed faster and harder, it seemed, than I would ever have dared do myself. Not surprisingly Ruby couldn't take much of this, and I felt her buck up and down, forcing my knob even deeper inside her.
"Fuck it, Angie" Ruby said, "that wasn't fair to get me to come that soon, and I was afraid that Ricky was going to shoot his spunk up me far too soon."
"Well, let's let him cool off a bit, while you play with my cunt. This might also be a good time, because I think Charles is about to push his cock into Lyn's cunt, and I'm sure he'd want to see that."
Angia moved off my face, and Ruby pulled my cock out of her with a sucking noise.
"First, though" said Angia "Lyn said he likes looking deep into women's cunts - and believe me Lyn liked looking in mine, so let's give him a show."
The next thing I knew they were both on their backs on the bed, with their legs wide open, and their hands pulling open their cunts so I could see way up inside them. Angie's was stunning. Although she had kept a lot of pubic hair, which I liked, it was trimmed on either side of her slit so that her entire cunt was clear and visible. She had really large lips, which she was pulling apart, a shiny, erect clit, and an almost perfectly circular inner hole which was open and inviting. Below that, she had the most beautifully symmetrical, puckered little asshole. Ruby couldn't have been more different. She had tightly curled pubic hair, which went right through between her legs and round to her ass. The inside of the front of her slit was still almost as black as the rest of her skin, making her clit harder to see, but then her hole opened up like an amazing flower with different shades of pink, going from dusky through to vivid pink moving in to her hole itself, which looked like the black centre of a pink daisy. Fuck - this was supposed to cool me off? My knob was pulsing with desire to get inside both of them and to fill them up with my spunk. Not only that, but across the room I could see you knelt over Annette, who seemed to be working on your tits. Charles had his huge cock up your cunt, and Keith was fucking your ass with his finger. Unfortunately, I knew only too well that I was only going to be able to come up just one of them, and partly because you had worked to make it happen, and partly because she just looked so fantastic, I knew it would have to be Angia.
So what I did was to pull Ruby towards me, so that I could slide my knob into her slippery, slimy hole, but I could bend forward and lick Angia's cunt, which she was still opening wide for me. I knew that my problem was going to be to stop myself from coming inside Ruby, through the combination of fucking her and sucking Angie. I tried thinking of you, but that just made things worse, so I concentrated on trying to do as good a job at getting Angie to come as you had a few days earlier. I remembered you saying that she liked you running your tongue up and down her slit, then thrusting your tongue deep into her hole, then at the other end of her slit, going round and round her clit, from time to time biting it with my teeth. It was an amazing feeling, as I could also feel Ruby's juices oozing out of her hole, creating the most intense feelings in my prick as it went in and out of her. I just hoped that you might have had time to look up and see it stretching her hole, not just because I thought you'd like it, but because it was payback for you going off and fucking another woman. I also wanted you to see me licking Angia's cunt, for the same reasons, though I hoped that it would also make you jealous, as I was sure that's what you would feel when I described how it felt and tasted when we got back home. Anyway, while all this was going through my mind I must have been doing a good job, as Angia suddenly started to shake and twitch as she came when I bit down on her clit. And just as you'd told me, the amount of cum which came out of her hole was amazing, tasting salty and spicy and sexy.
I just had to pull out of Ruby, else I knew I was going to come inside her, though this almost didn't work because of the loud sucking noise as my cock came out, and the fact that for a few seconds it left her hole even wider open than before, so I could see deep inside her pink heaven. I knew that at some point in the future, I just had to fuck her and come inside her. But I managed to keep my spunk in my balls, and I dived on top of Angie, with one hand grabbing a breast, and the other pulling her face towards me so that I could kiss her and share her cunt juice just as you had. What I'd forgotten was that this meant my prick was touching her pussy, which made me almost come again.
"I think you'd better shove that cock up me, before it goes off outside" Angia said, laughingly, after pulling away from the kiss. "It looks as if Charles and Keith are going to come inside Lyn soon, and I think I'll need to rescue her then from that vicious little bitch Annette. Don't worry, you can suck Ruby's cunt another day. For now, I want to do it again."
She slid her ass down the bed, which turned out to be a prefect height for me, after I'd pulled open her lips and forced my cock inside her beautiful hole. That meant Ruby could kneel over Angia's face, so she could lick her cunt to organism again. The whole feeling was indescribable: my prick sliding in and out of Angia's hole; seeing Ruby sitting on Angia's face with her huge tits swinging around in front of my face, and knowing that you were in the same room getting fucked by two men and a woman. I put my hand down and played with Angia's clit, as my knob was powering in and out of her slimy, squelchy hole. Fucking hell, it was amazing, knowing that any minute my spunk was going to jet deep inside the hole of this woman, who I'd only met a couple of hours earlier, and watching Ruby get visibly more excited as she rocked away on Angia's face. Suddenly she leaned forward, holding one of her tits out towards me.
"Bite my nipple, you bastard" she said.
So I did, and as I did I could feel my spunk shoot out of my knob right up into Angia's cunt.
I looked across to you, and I saw that you were sitting on top of Keith, with your legs held up, and with Charles thrusting his cock deep inside you. Fuck, I couldn't believe it. Was Keith in your ass, or did you have them both in your cunt? At the same time, I could see Annette kissing you deeply, with one hand pulling hard on one of your nipples, and the other violently rubbing her clit. Obviously all of you were going to come pretty soon, and you were going to have some interesting explaining to do on just where those cocks had been when we got home.
As all this was happening, Ruby pushed me away from Angie, so my prick fell out of her, leaving a trail of spunk down one leg.
"Open your legs, Angie. I want to suck Ricky's spunk out of you" she said. "You Ricky, go round and let Angie lick your cum and her cunt juice off of your cock."
This was a new experience. You'd never have let me put spunk in your mouth, let alone suck it off of me after I'd fucked you. I went to the other end of the bed, and Angie took my knob, which was by now quite soft, right in to her mouth. Then I gave a yell as she sucked hard, pulling all of the spunk from right inside the shaft. Clearly Ruby must have been working as hard sucking on Angia's cunt, because Angia climaxed again with my spunky knob in her mouth, and Ruby's tongue up her hole.
I guess that you must have had a similar experience, because I heard you shout "you fucking bitch", and when I looked over, you were jerking up and down on you back on the bed with Annette's head pinned between your thighs. You had Charles' prick in one hand and Keith's in the other, and spunk from both of them was trickling over the back of your hands.
Well, what can you do to top that? I could see that you were absolutely shattered, and I knew I was. And how do you say goodbye to someone you've either just fucked, or you've seen fucking your partner? In the end, Angia just stood up, took hold of Annette by the hair and dragged her off your cunt.
"Wait," said Annette, "I think there's still some sugared almonds right up Lyn's cunt. If I can get them out, then we can share them out. They'll be even better, because as well as Lyn's cum, they'll be covered in the spunk that Charles and Keith have just shot in her."
Pushing Angie away, she shoved her hand deep into Lyn's hole, and to my surprise, out came three sugared almonds, covered in slime and spunk. Annette immediately put one in her own mouth, then went over and popped the others into Angie and Ruby's mouths.
"Well", said Angie "I think this probably makes a perfect conclusion to a fantastic evening. I'll ever forget the sugared almonds trick. Now we've all met properly, I'm sure we will have other amazing experiences, either all together or in separate groups, and I encourage you to come together often. I just want to thank Lyn and Ricky for adding to our group. I've had the pleasure of fucking both of them, or should I say, fucking them for the first time, and they deserve to be full members of our little pleasure community."
Then we all broke up. Although we could have had showers and cleaned ourselves up there, I think we both wanted to look, taste and touch each other just as we were, and to share our experiences when we got home. So we just collected our clothes, and drove back to the flat in dressing gowns, hoping we wouldn't meet anyone in the garage or lift.
CHAPTER 6 - SHARING THE PARTY FUN
When we got back to the flat, we immediately fell into each other's arms, and kissed passionately. Our dressing gowns fell open, and I could feel Lyn's body pressed against mine. When I looked down at her breasts, they were covered with bite marks, and the hair between her legs was matted with spunk.
"Fucking hell, Ricky", gasped Lyn, "what on earth have I got us into?"
"Well, I think you've got some explaining to do." I said. "Maybe firstly to the dog, who thinks it looks like you, but smells completely different! Where on earth did that trick with the almonds come from, and I want to hear all about what you were up to with Annette, Keith and Charles."
"Well," Lyn explained, "Angia had said that the new girl was expected to do something to introduce herself, and break the ice, but she didn't really give me much of a clue what sort of thing it might be. I was really frightened about the prospect of having sex with strangers, and having them all touch and play with my most private parts. It was different with Angia, as the whole business of fitting a bra didn't start out as a sexual thing, but we just naturally moved into it. I just wasn't sure that I'd be able to carry it off, so I thought that I needed to do something really dramatic, which once started I couldn't back off from. What better than just showing my cunt to everyone? However, I couldn't really bring myself to think of just doing that without a reason.
"I've never been confident that my body is worth looking at, even though you and Angia have told me different, so I was afraid that if I just did that, I might not be able to undo it, but that everyone would think "that's a scruffy old cunt, and we don't fancy fucking that, thank you". So I tried to think of some way of making it more interesting. I came up with the idea of having something edible shoved in me, because I thought that most people would be up for trying to get it out of me with their mouth, and hopefully once they had got my taste, they'd be hooked. The trouble was, I couldn't work out quite what. I first thought of chocolate, but I could see that that was likely to end in a fucking mess, if you see what I mean. I thought of celery, but when I tried it, it was really uncomfortable, and I wasn't sure whether people would like it, or even whether I could get enough sticks in to let everyone get one, as I wasn't sure how many people were going to be there. Did you notice, by the way, that the celery you were having with your cheese had a slightly tangy taste?"
"Anyway, you probably remember me offering you a sugared almond the other evening, when we were watching television? It suddenly came to me how perfect they'd be. Most people like them, and when I tried leaving one in my cunt overnight, it hadn't really dissolved at all. Thank goodness you didn't try fingering me that night, else it would have given the whole game away! The only problem was that not knowing who would be there, I really overdid the number I pushed up there for the party. Still, it worked fantastically, didn't it? I really enjoyed the look of shock and amazement on your face when I spread my legs and invited everyone to dig it. It took a huge amount of courage to do it, after Angia had given me the introduction, but actually it was one of the best experiences of my life, seeing the amazement on everyone's faces turn to raw lust. I hadn't realised how powerfully my cunt could control people! I love it, and really hope I can do something similar again, although part of it is the element of surprise, so I'll have to find a different audience. Something to look forward to!"
"By the way, I've got a surprise for you."
And she reached down between her legs, and after a few seconds raised her hand up holding two sugared almonds.
"I though Annette had taken them all out" I said.
"No" Lyn said laughing, "Annette whispered to me that she'd left two in me as she realised that neither you nor I had had one, and she thought we should. I know that they've got Keith and Charles spunk on them but you know how much I dislike the smell of spunk, so if I can deal with it, so can you!".
And she dropped on into her own mouth, and forced the other in to mine, the fucking dirty bitch.
"So come on" Lyn said, smiling and crunching on the almond, "tell me how you got on. Did you get to fuck Angia as she promised me you would?"
"Of course I did" I said. "I fucked Ruby as well, whose tits were amazing, but too big for you, but I managed to save myself so it was Angia's cunt I came in. I totally understand how she managed to trap you in her web, now, but it's your story I want to hear now, and we'll come back to mine later."
And this was what she told me.
I told you how pumped up I was once I'd opened my legs wide open, and told people about the sugared almonds. Believe me, absolutely anyone could have come and fucked me then. I think you saw everyone except you come over and suck out an almond. What surprised me most, though, was that apart from the women, it was Keith rather than Charles who seemed to know how to get me going with his mouth. Shit, though, all of them were great and I'd do it again now if I had the chance!
I guess you must also have seen Angia and Annette strip me off. Being completely naked in front of everyone still sent a shiver of fear right through me, but I guess the fact that you'd all seen and touched my cunt already gave me courage. Well, not only that, but the way that Annette looked at me with animal-like lust in her eyes. The cunning little bitch had already noticed the way I was looking at her tits, as I remembered what Angia had told me about the way her nipples could change. It was as if she had read all the thoughts that had been running through my mind about what I wanted to do to her breasts.
She pulled my face down hard towards one of her drooping breasts, and forced me to take it in my mouth. Well, actually, that's not quite true as my mouth was already open and ready, and it would have taken all her strength to stop me. She told me to suck as hard as I could, and to run my tongue around her nipple. Fucking hell, it was amazing, as I could feel her aureole immediately start to crinkle up, until it was just a tiny circle around a huge, erect nipple.
"Now bite it hard" Annette commanded, as if I were just her lowest slave.
So of course I did, but it turned out to be a bit harder than I'd intended, as at the same time I felt fingers running across my bum and pushing between my arse cheeks, taking me by surprise. Then I felt many hands caressing my breasts that were hanging down as I was bending over Annette.
"Now do the same for my other tit" said Annette.
I hardly needed asking, and got the same pleasure as I felt that nipple stiffen under my tongue. Annette then pulled my head up to hers, and kissed me hard on the mouth. Almost immediately I was jolted by intense pain in both my nipples, as she pinched and twisted them between her fingers and thumbs, and overpowering the pleasurable feeling that I'd had from Keith's hands.
"Keith and Charles just want to fuck you" she said, "but I want to hurt you. Hurt you in ways and places you never thought you could be hurt. But have no mistake, you'll end up dying to come back to me for more of the same. No one forgets me when I've had my way with them".
She grabbed my hair and dragged me over to the bed. Keith and Charles just got out of the way, as clearly they were used to Annette's dominating ways. She threw me down on my back on the bed, and caught hold of my nipples again and squeezed them even harder than before.
"Charles, stick your cock in her mouth so she can't scream, and Keith, get working on making her cunt slimy and her hole as open as you can make it, while I work on her breasts."
Shit, it was painful, and when I looked into her eyes, the looks in them struck fear right through me. Was I going to be maimed or hospitalised? But somehow, she understood perfectly just how far she could go in using the pain to increase the tingling excitement running through my body and deep into my crotch, but avoid going over the edge to truly damaging pain.
"Don't just lay there, bitch" she screamed, "get your hand working hard on my cunt. And I mean hard. See if you can rub away my clit, and whether you can force open my hole so wide that you can get your whole hand inside."
As I started to feel around with my hand, tracing over her belly and pushing between her legs, I felt Charles' cock pushing against my lips. I've never really liked sucking cock, but in this case, I had absolutely no choice, as he forced his way past my teeth and deep into my throat. I thought this was as much pain and torment as I could take, but I then felt Keith's hands opening up my slit, and sliding his fingers down to my hole. I felt first one finger slide in me, then with his other hand he started to play with my clit, sometimes pressing hard, and sometimes soft, going backwards and forwards and round and around. Then I felt a second and then a third finger pushing up into my hole, stretching it out. Although I couldn't see him, I knew with absolute certainty that Keith 's eyes were fixed on my cunt, looking deep up inside me, but craving to be able to see more.
My hand had by this time found its way up between Annette's legs, and against her shaved cunt, allowing me to feel the bulge either side and the tempting valley of her slit in between. I put my fingers into her slit, and ran them back towards her hole, dragging her gushing juices back towards her clit. I found myself synchronising the movements of my fingers with the movements Keith was making inside my cunt. He was really getting me excited, so I'd imagined that Annette would be enjoying it as well. I couldn't have been more wrong.
"Fuck, Lyn," she snarled, "I told you to be brutal with my cunt, not stroke it like a delicate flower. Charles, get your prick further down her throat, I can still hear her breathing! And Keith, work on her holes like I make you do mine. If you don't stretch her hole way out, Charles cock will never be able to get in it."
"Pay attention, Lyn, because I'm going to teach you a lesson you'll never forget. I'm going to bite your tits hard, and I'll keep getting harder and harder, until you are working my vagina the way I want it worked. Believe me, I like the taste of blood, so you'd better do way fucking better than you are doing now! When Angie pointed you out to me, I told her you were going to be too soft, a pussy not a dripping cunt."
The next second, she had her teeth bared, and bit down on the top of one of my breasts. She hadn't got the main breast tissue between her teeth, just the top layer of skin, but it hurt like hell. At the same time, Charles pulled his prick part way out of my mouth, then drove it so far down my throat that I thought I was going to choke. Given the way he'd obeyed Annette's order, I wasn't surprised when I felt Keith pull his hand out of my hole, replacing it with all of the fingers on the hand he'd been using to play with my clit, trying to force it right inside me. I then felt the hand he'd removed touch my bum, and he pushed two fingers right inside my arsehole. God, I was in pain, but in ecstasy at the same time! Right, you fucking little bitch, I thought, if that's the way you want it, that's what you'll get, and I used all my strength to ram my hand into her hole. I could feel her lips stretch and slide towards my knuckles, and just for a second her bite on my breast loosened. Got you, I thought, but again I was wrong.
The next second she'd moved her mouth over my nipple and bit so hard I thought she was going to bite it off, and tears streamed down my face. There's no way I'm going to lose to this scheming little cunt, I thought, and I punched my hand harder into her hole. All of a sudden I felt her lips slide over my knuckles and down to the back of my hand, as I found my entire fist was now shoved inside her. I'll teach you, I thought, as I opened my fingers and tried to open her vagina. I could feel the neck of her womb, and I tried to force my forefinger up inside it. Still Annette hadn't weakened her bite on my nipple, though, so I opened my hand and dragged it out of her cunt, opening her hole more than I thought possible. I felt her squirm under me, as I ripped my hand out of her, with a loud slurp as the vacuum created by her cuntlips was broken.
I sensed, more than felt, a slight lessening of the grip on my tit, so I immediately balled my fist again and punched my hand back into her hole. I used my fingers to explore deep inside her again, then pulled my hand out of her with as much force as a could manage. I pressed my fingers as hard as I could against her clit and held them tight against it. I then rubbed her clit up and down, and round and round, but then punched my fist into her cunt again. Was she relaxing her bite, or was I just getting used to it? So, I repeated the whole cycle over again. Shit, her cunt was wet by then, and I could feel it throbbing. After the third cycle of fisting and playing, she finally let out a huge scream as I pressed my fingers hard into her clit, and she bucked and jerked against my hand as she came. The strange thing was, in the midst of all that pain, with Charles cock fucking my mouth, and Keith's hands opening my cunt and arse, I came as well.
God, Ricky, I'm sorry, and I feel so guilty that my story includes total strangers doing things to my body that I have never let you do. Look at my breasts, I know you used to give me love bites, but I'd have never have let you leave them covered in bit marks like this. If you'd ever tried sticking you cock down my throat the way Charles did, I have hit you in the balls, and although once or twice I've, reluctantly, let you put one finger into my arsehole, I'd have never let you stretch it the way Keith did. Maybe even not the way he stretched my cunthole, although I do remember how you made me bleed when we were teenagers. What's more, there's more yet to tell. And the thing is, even though I've now done it with people I'd never met before, I still wouldn't let you do these things. Today was just brutal fucking, and that's never been what I've wanted with you. I want you to make love to me, not fuck me. I never fully understood the difference, and I don't think you have really either. I think I understand now that sometimes you just wanted to fuck me, when I wanted you to make love to me. I'd never understood why you kept saying you were sorry about wanting my body more than I seemed to want to give it, but I guess it was because all you wanted was a fuck. I'm sorry, I can see how much you've needed some brutal fucking, but I'd only let it happen in fantasy or as you or both of us wanked ourselves off.
I'm sorry as well that I've broken off from my story, as I suspect that you're still in brutal fucking mode, given that your prick has started to soften, when it was as stiff as a rock when I was describing what Annette, Keith and Charles were doing to me. So, let me get on with my story, although at some point we need to reconcile this if we're wanting to carry on down the path we've started on, and I know I sure do. I'm really happy for you to get the brutal fucking you want, but you just need to do it with other peoples' bodies, even if I'm watching, just as I intend to keep doing it with other women, and sometimes men.
"So you have got it in you, after all, bitch," gasped Annette after she had come down from her climax. "For a moment, I thought you were trying to get your hand right up my cunt, through my guts and out of my mouth. Don't think for a minute that I have finished with you though! Come on Charles, let's see if Keith has managed to open her hole up enough to take your massive cock."
Keith took his hand out of my cunt and ass, and Charles pulled me down the bed, so that my legs were over the edge, and my pussy was just positioned perfectly for his cock. Shit, I thought, can I really get this up my cunt, and please, please let him not try get it in my asshole. He put his hands between my legs, and pulled open my lips, then jammed his prick hard in to my hole. Fucking hell, I thought I was going to split in half as he forced his black knob as far into my hole as it would go. Meanwhile, Annette was moving so that she was kneeling behind my head. She bent down and kissed my gently on my lips. Was it possible that I had really defeated her?
"Get ready for your other breast to get my special treatment" she whispered, as she took her mouth from mine, moved it down to my undamaged tit, and sank her teeth hard into the side of it. That was painful enough, but as I flinched away from her, I pushed up with my bottom, and met Charles prick thrusting back inside me. Given what I'd done to her vagina with my hand, though, maybe the agony was no more than justice.
Of course, Annette being bent over me like that meant two things. Firstly, her ass was stuck up in the air, and I could imagine the fantastic vista this would have presented of her puckered little asshole just above her partially open slit. Not surprisingly, Keith had realised this as well, had got up behind her and had stuck his cock up her. I could feel her rock forward as his balls hit her ass, and I wondered which of her holes he had actually chosen. The second, and great thing, was that Annette's breasts were right in my face. Depending on what she was doing to me, and what Keith was doing to her, sometimes her breasts were forced hard into my face, threatening to smother me, but at other times they were swaying free, with the nipples just brushing my face. In any other situation, I'd just have enjoyed those sensations, but given what she was doing to me, no way was I going to fucking let her off that easily.
Every time that Keith thrust in to her hole, Annette, released her bit on my tit, but then moved her teeth to a slightly different position, meaning that I had waves of pain synchronised with Keith's pumping, sometimes coming at the same time as the wave of pressure in my gut as Charles cock hit the top of my vagina. It was both incredibly arousing, but intensely painful, so I grabbed one of Annette's breasts and bit down as hard as I could. I felt her shudder as the pain seared through her tit. Not surprisingly with all that was going on her nipples were tight and stiff. I stopped biting, and just put my mouth over her nipple and rang my tongue round the deep ridges of her aureole, and across the top of her hard nipple. This was my little bit of pleasure, as just sucking and tongue-caressing nipples is one of my favourite things. However, I realised if I was ever going to be able to stand as an equal with Annette, I knew I had to do more. So I snapped my teeth together right on the end of her nipple. I knew that must hurt, and her squirm told me I was right. She repaid me with a vicious bite on the end of mine. For a few minutes, we traded bites of each other's tits and nipples, whilst both of us was being violently fucked from different directions.
Suddenly she tore her breast out of my mouth and let go of my tit, which nevertheless just went on throbbing from all of her earlier bites.
"Right, Keith, time to move up" she commanded, and as one, the two of them shuffled forward on their knees until her slit was over my face. "Lick this you bitch" she said.
She herself leaned forward and pushed her hand down into my own slit, towards Charles cock which was still pounding my cunt. I was just able to get my hand under her enough to pull open one of her lips, and to get my tongue inside. Annette then started to grind her cunt into my face, so that my tongue slid from her clit back to her hole. Contrary to what I had suspected, Keith had been fucking her in her cunt, not her ass. Her hole was being pushed open every time he pushed his cock in her, and massive amounts of cum were flowing out of her hole, all over my face, and into my mouth. I knew I was going to come again any minute, and I was pretty sure from the way Annette's movement on my face was getting faster and harder, that she was going to come as well. And that's just what happened. The combined efforts of Annette's fingers and Charles cock exploded through my cunt and up through my entire body, which jerked around, forcing my face even harder into Annette's slit, and she came at the same time, pushing my face back into the bed and releasing more juice from inside her, which I could feel running down the side of my face.
What surprised me, though, was the neither Keith nor Charles came, instead they both pulled out of their chosen orifice, and took a step back.
"Right," said Annette, with a vicious grin on her face, "now for the main event. Stand up Lyn."
I guess I was so surprised, and still reeling from sensations of coming so violently, that I didn't argue. When I turned around, Charles was laid across the bed, with his cock stuck up like a flagpole. Annette pushed me towards the bed, and told me to straddle over him, facing him. I had a suspicion what was coming, but just knelt over him and bent down to kiss him. That was strange, I realised. This man had had his prick in me for the last ten minutes or more, but we'd never even kissed, except for out formal hello when we came in. Of course, this wasn't quite what Annette had intended, so with one hand she grabbed my hair and pulled me backwards, at the same time grabbing Charles cock and pushing it up into my cunt.
"Now you can go forward again" she said, "and push your bum up so that Keith can put his prick in your asshole".
I felt her pull open by bum cheeks, giving Keith the clearest possible view of my arsehole, which even given everything else that had happened still felt embarrassing and violating. I felt someone squirt some sort of lubricant on my bum crack, for which I was extremely grateful, as the next minute I felt Keith force his knob into my arsehole itself. I had never imagined what it would feel like to have two cocks in me at the same time. I felt powerful, completely stuffed, and in pain.
"I told you I'd hurt you" whispered Annette, "and I always keep my word."
"Fuck" said Keith, after trying a few thrusts into me, "her arsehole is so tight, that especially with Charles cock in her cunt, this just isn't working for me. Find us some other position Annette."
Both Charles and Keith pulled out of my holes, instantly changing my feeling from bursting but exciting, to a feeling of disappointing emptiness.
"Right ", ordered Annette, "Keith, you sit on the edge of the bed, leaning backwards. Lyn, you lower yourself on him backwards, and take him in your cunthole this time.
Well this we managed, though it felt a bit of a comedown after having a prick up each hole. That feeling didn't last long, though, as Charles walked towards me, and lifted both of my legs behind my knees, which forced me to put my weight back on Keith. Shit, I was baffled. I wanted something climactic to happen to finish off the evening, but was fearful of what it might be. I soon stopped being baffled, but discovered I was right on the money with the other two thoughts. Annette grabbed Charles knob, and held it against the front of my hole, which was already stretched through having Keith's prick right in it. I felt a cold shot of lubricant again, and with Annette guiding it in, Charles forced his enormous cock into my cunt alongside Keith's. God it was painful, but it was unbelievably exciting, as they both pumped in and out of my hole. Then I realised that Annette was intent on getting at least one of her fingers in me, as well as rubbing my clit with her thumb, while the other hand went back to torturing one of my nipples. It gave me an incredible sense of power, that two grown men, strangers I'd never met before, were so attracted to the power of my sex that they would share my cunt at the same time.
I thought I heard screams from where you, Angia and Ruby were fucking and I guessed that that would be the end of the evening for you, at least. I realised just how exciting it was to know that you had fucked two other women in the same room as me. I also realised that given the amount of fucking Keith and Charles had done, they weren't going to be able to control themselves much longer either. I just surrendered myself to the intense feeling of pleasure and pain coming from my overstretched cunt, and tortured tit, and most of all the electric sensation Annette was creating on my clit, and I felt both Keith and Charles jerk as their cocks both shot out their sperm together way up in my cunthole. Immediately, Annette yanked both of their softening cocks out of me, rolled me over on the bed, and started sucking the spunk out of my hole. If I needed more power, that seemed to give me it. Even that scheming little cow couldn't stop herself wanting my cunt, even though it was dripping with two stranger's spunk.
Well you know the rest. Angia pulled Annette off me, but not before she'd found some more almonds still way up inside me. No wonder I felt full up. The look in Annette's eye said that I had earned some level of respect from her, but as we were leaving I told her that it wasn't over yet.
"We are going to have a return session at some point in the future," I whispered, "and I'll really show you the meaning of pain and pleasure really means, you vicious little cunt."
*****
So that was Lyn's story. I understood totally her explanation of the difference between brutal fucking and making love. The only question left in my mind was just where Angia fitted in, because when Lyn spoke about her, it seemed more in the spirit of making love, not brutal fucking. Was she really to some extent like a lesbian equivalent of me, and if so, to what extent?
"Come on then" I said, "let's go and have a shower and clean ourselves up."
"OK, said Lyn, "but let's swap into the world of making love, but yet not actually playing with each other. I don't think my cunt could stand any more, and it doesn't look as if your prick would be up to much either, even after you heard my story. Maybe we'll share our stories again another night, and wank ourselves off, but not tonight. What I do want you to do, though, is to touch me and clean me in all those private places which got used so brutally, so I can feel that we have made our peace with each other, and forgiven each other for what we did with others. I want you to wash my pussy, and help me clean out all that spunk which might be left in my cunt, and yes, you can wash my asshole as well, but washing is all, mind. And I will do the same for you."
That was what we did, and it was a magical experience, sharing each other's bodies, but purely in love and not in sex. Then we went to bed in each other's arms.
CHAPTER 7- BUT IT ISN'T QUITE OVER
The next day, Lyn went in to town to thank Angia for the party the previous day. Originally we were both going in, but it seemed it would be a bit uncomfortable being there when Lyn thanked her for letting me fuck her, so I stayed at home. I guess I'd expected her to be gone for some time, so I was surprised when she burst back in after not much more than half an hour.
"Fucking hell", gasped Lyn "you'll never guess what Angia's just told me. I thought I could trust her. You remember that couple Penny and Tony, who left the party before things really kicked off? They were supposed to be taking their dog to the vet, or something, which did strike me a bit strange at the time. Well, it turns out that Charles and Ruby own a company which makes porno films and websites, and Penny and Tony are their ace photographers. It seems that games room was loaded with cameras, and everything was photographed by them. Here's the fucking DVD."
"Not only that, but it turns out that they have a website which can only be accessed by people who have been involved in one of the parties, but every new recording is put on it for everyone to see. So now I discover there are a whole load of new strangers who will be getting a look up my cunt!"
"Shit," I said, "there must be loads of the men who have fucked Angie and Ruby themselves, and I really don't like the thought of having my performance judged against them. How did Angia explain the fact that she hadn't told you?"
"She just said that she could see I was afraid of what might happen at the party, and thought that if she told me I wouldn't have enough courage to go. She said she'd done that before in similar circumstances, and everyone had in the end accepted it, and most of them found it gave an extra edge to the excitement afterwards. In this case, she swore that she only did it because she'd found something special about me, and really wanted me to go. I guess I believe her really, though it didn't stop we slapping her round the face and calling her a lying bitch. Ok, ok, I did kiss it better afterwards, so stop looking at me like that."
"At least we've got the DVD we can enjoy now, and I can check whether you left anything out of your story." I smiled, but I still got hit as well.
"That's not the fucking end of it, though, as it turns out Charles also runs several open porno sites, and he's desperate to do some still pictures and videos of me to include on some of the sites. Apparently there's a massive demand for grannies and BBW's, and he can't get new material on the site fast enough. God, if I do that, anyone could be wanking off looking at me. Angia says that they can monitor the hits by number, geography and whether the people just look or download the material, which generally they assume means they wank with it. What the hell am I supposed to do now?"
"Wow, I see why you'd be nervous", I said, "but don't you think it would also be really exciting? One of your fantasies was always to have men and women wank off looking at you, without you having to have any interaction with them. Surely, this would be almost a perfect dream, except that you can't actually see them doing it? You said you felt the power of your body, when you knew people were looking at your breasts, your cunt and your arse. Surely this would only increase that power? And just think, who knows you might be passing people in the street that you've never met, and they can say to themselves 'Shit, I'm sure I've seen her cunt and watched her fuck women and men'. I guess it would feel good to me also, to know that your brutal fucking world was spread right across the world, but it was only me that has you in your making love world. So I think you should do it."
"Well, maybe," Lyn replied. "By the way, Angia asked me to apologise, and say that Ruby would like to use you at some point, but the urgent request was just for me. Turns out there are plenty of men You're not black and nor do you have a particularly large cock, which are really the things people are looking for. In any case, we couldn't really partner each other on film, because I told you there are things I'm prepared for people to do to me in the brutal fucking world, and me to them, which I'm never going to let you do, or let myself do to you. I just need to keep completely separate making love to you as something special and lovely. So you can forget fucking my arsehole, but I'm sure that on film that's something they'd want you to do."
"You fucking bastard", I said, "but I love you and understand what you are saying. Now call Angia and see if she can get fix a session in a few days when the bite marks and bruises on your tits have faded. Tell her, though, that you only agreed to it on condition that she pushes Ruby to find a video script I could play in - the harder the better, but I'm definitely not doing anything gay."
So Lyn phoned, and made the appointment.
"So," I said "I suppose we should be able to get in to the website now?"
"Oh yes," Lyn replied, "I'd forgotten that Angia had emailed me the log in details. Why don't we connect the laptop to the big screen, and have a look at what our predecessors had got up to. I'm really interested to see what the other new girls did, but more than that I really would like to see more of Angia in action, and more than that even, I'd lo-o-ove just looking at some new tits and right into some open new cunts."
So that was what we did, wanking ourselves off as we made love together imagining ourselves brutally fucking.
CHAPTER 8 - SOME PHOTOGRAPHY
So, it was at the end of the week when I left Ricky and Rover again, and drove off to Charles' and Ruby's film studio on the edge of Dartmoor. As I drove up, it looked much more like an ordinary farmhouse, surrounded by a cluster of barns. I parked the car, and as I got out I was met by Ruby, who kissed me, and gave me a big hug.
"I'm so sorry, I hadn't realised that Angia hadn't told you about the filming part of our fun operation. She must have a very special regard for you, if she was so scared to tell you in case you wouldn't join. Normally people know everything about what they are agreeing to. I've got to say that I really enjoyed your sugared almonds opening, which was stunning. Your cunt was fantastic, and although I only got to taste it briefly, I am determined to rectify this in future! Still, I think Ricky enjoyed fucking me. Just a shame you'd made him promise to come in Angia and not me! Something else I intend to change, especially as he seemed so enamoured of my tits. Anyway, let me show you around."
She took me in to one of the barns, and I could immediately see that it wasn't really a barn at all, but many different studio sets, built to look like bedrooms, bathrooms, kitchens and living rooms. Everywhere overhead were gantries with lights and there were a lot of what looked like rather old-fashioned video cameras on stands.
"Yes, I can see you thinking those cameras are a bit old" said Ruby. "The thing is though that with some of the action, even seasoned camera operators can find their hands starting to shake! Anyway, let's go into our archive, and I can show you some of the existing material we have, so you can get an idea of what you'll be asked to do."
As we walked into the room, whose walls were covered with glassy pictures, I was immediately hit by a big picture of Penny. The thing was, she was sat back in a chair, with her knees up, and she was pulling her hole outrageously wide. I'd never seen such a big cunt. Getting one fist in would have been easy, and I trembled to think how much other stuff had been stuffed up her over the years.
"Yes" said Ruby, "Penny's one of our main stars, as well as a camera operator, and you can see why. They used to call her 'hole-in-one' Penny, because she starred in a film where her husband was only interested in golf, and used to make her sit on the floor and open herself up so he could use her cunt for putting practice. It was pretty far out. She could get about a dozen or more balls in there, and one of the most viewed clips is her sitting like that and firing them out at her husband's face. Of course, the story was that this didn't give her any sexual satisfaction, so she went on a series of escapades which involved her stuffing herself with ever more massive objects. Although we shot it a long time ago, it's still one of our most downloaded video's. Just don't call her "hole-in-one" to her face as she really hates it. Especially don't do it if you want to give Ricky a special treat, which many men have found they really love. Her cunt is so big that even with a hand right inside, there's still room for a cock as well. The trick would be that you'd put your hand in, and as Ricky put his cock in her, you'd grab it. So, although he would seem to be fucking her, you'd actually be wanking him off inside her, and you'd get to feel his spunk shoot out the end of his prick when he came!"
Hmm, I'd have to think which world that would come in, as undoubtedly once Ricky heard about it he'd want to do it.
Most of the rest of the pictures where more predictable. Tits, cunts and assess all at different angles set up to give the maximum visibility, so the viewers imagination could focus on what they wanted to do, rather than what might be there. There were loads of fuck pictures: men in women's cunts or arses, women ramming in vibrators or fingers, again into both holes, and I noticed that Charles black cock was in many of them. Shit, I realised, if my cunt looked as stretched as some of those when Charles was up me at the party, I must have looked good. Fuck knows what it must have looked like with Keith's cock and Annette's finger in there as well! Ricky and I hadn't got round to looking at the DVD of our party yet, but I made a note to myself to make sure we did it soon, as I could feel a session of mutual masturbation coming on.
A couple of things did surprise me, though. First was how many of the women were either big or old, or often both.
"Yes," said Ruby, noticing my gaze lingering on some old BBW's. "It seems that although young girls have perfect bodies, many people like bodies which have seen lots of gravity and too much food. Some of our most downloaded pictures and videos are where women are either in a doggie position, or are leant forward against something like a work surface, so that tits and bellies are dangling down. In videos, the post popular shot is looking from right or slightly below as the man bangs his cock in from behind, so the bellies and tits are swinging backwards and forwards in time. Fake tits and slim bodies just don't give the same effect. This is where both Annette and I score, of course, because her tits sag and swing like crazy, and mine just look huge when hung down. Not being rude, but this is going to be where you score as well, though perhaps your tits could have done with being a bit larger. In general, people who like older women also tend to prefer hairy pussies, though not so much on BBW's as shaving makes it easier to see the slit. It's strange, really, how so many youngsters think that they should be shaved, and the only good cunts are ones with small lips and closed slits. If there's one useful thing we can do for the world with our products, it's to celebrate the diversity of women's cunts. Assholes and pricks, just don't have it!"
The second thing was how many of the pictures involved women pissing. I've always known that Ricky like to watch me, and often would put his hand between my legs when I am, but I never realised that it must be so common.
"Again," said Ruby "this could be an area where you score. Pissing films are really popular in the US, where they are almost always lesbian only. The funny thing is though, that it's much harder to get older women who will pee on camera; it's nearly always youngsters. Maybe something to do with the old-fashioned upbringing where excretion was really a taboo. Still, here's a picture of me from one of the lesbian peeing films we've made. Doesn't my cunt look good? And I sure did enjoy that day."
I guess I'd never actually looked at a woman pissing. I certainly couldn't easily see myself doing it, and I'd never been close enough to another woman to really have a good look, despite the standing joke that women always go to the ladies in groups. However, the sight of a lovely-looking slit pulled open, and seeing a jet of pee coming out of the very visible pee hole struck me as really beautiful. And if it gave me the excuse for lesbian sex with the sort of women that were in these pictures, maybe this was something for me.
"We'd probably better move on" said Ruby, looking at her watch, "else Charles and the crew will start complaining. You can always come back in here another day, or just go to the web sites as your log in details will let you access everything for free. Let's go to the wardrobe and pick you out a few clothes. For some reason men seem to like to see clothes coming off, though I'd personally just as soon start naked. Still, they usually won't be staying on long. What we'll do to start with is some straightforward stills series of you, starting clothed, stripping, then focusing on the good old favourites of tit, cunt and arse."
The first thing she picked out for me was a purple Teddy, which barely covered my nipples, and stopped some way above my pussy. I looked at it, doubting whether I could fit in it.
"Get a move on, Lyn" said Ruby. "get all your clothes off, and try this on."
Well it did get in it, though my tits were bulging way over the top. Maybe that was ok, but I wasn't so happy with the fact that my belly roll was fully exposed at the bottom of the Teddy.
"Don't worry about that," Ruby said. We always go for things a bit too small, really, as it makes the big in BBW look bigger. Believe me, there will be plenty of people out there who would have been disappointed if you'd had a flat stomach and no belly roll. Here's some matching knickers."
Well, she called them knickers, but they were little more than a bit of string which got stuck in my bum, and a little triangle of purple silk, which barely covered my hair, going up only as far as becoming hidden under my roll."
"Shit, that's fantastic" Ruby said, as she adjusted the way the string sat in my ass and the triangle was placed over my cunt. "This is going to be a super set."
She finished me off with a tight fitting, skirt, and a tight fitting, low cut blouse. I was beginning to psych myself up to be photographed, but of course, I had to go to make up first, and get bright red lipstick and eye shadow.
"Fucking hell, Ruby" I said, as I looked in the full-length mirror, "I look like a fat fucking tart."
"Of course, you do" said Ruby. "When people look at the pictures, they need to believe that you are the sort of woman who would be prepared to satisfy their darkest desires. With a rare few exceptions they don't want to be looking at someone who looks like their mother. No one's perfect, so what you have to do is to make the best of what you've got. In this case, you have to look like a fat old slut, who is desperate for cock or cunt, and will let them do to you whatever their dirtiest fantasies are."
The worst thing was that apparently, it's an essential part of the costume to have high heels, goodness knows why, but I was assured that once I got on the set, I could soon take them off, as attention would have moved elsewhere. So I wobbled my tarty way on to the first set, which was a living room. I knew I've heard film stars say the same thing, but I was horrified by the number of people stood around, pretty evenly divided between men and women. Sound seemed to require two, although as far as I knew still pictures were silent, there was both Penny and Tony with different cameras, two people from lighting, someone from make-up, someone with classes of drinks, two men who I guess might be used to move any furniture, and last but not least Charles the director. I felt frightened again. Was I really supposed to strip and show my open cunt and arse in front of all these people? Wouldn't they just think I was a fat tart? I stopped, and sought for the words to tell them I couldn't go through with it.
Suddenly, though, I thought 'this is silly'. They are professionals and are probably bored to death with naked bodies. In any case, the whole point is to show my tits, my cunt and my arse to everyone around the world who cares to look. Who cares if some of them think I'm a fat old tart and move to some shiny young thing with a shaved cunt and fake tits? What I'll be able to from the website feedback is see is how many people thought I was worth wanking to. So, I walked on to the set, ready to do what would have felt like humiliation only a few weeks earlier.
The next half hour was a bit of a blur. Charles told me how to stand, and when to remove a piece of my clothes. Penny and Tony danced round, taking picture after picture at unlikely angles, up my skirt, down my blouse, with me bending over to make my ass look big. I was beginning to get fed up with this, and was developing an itch between my legs to rush right on and show them my cunt. However, before I'd quite got that impatient, we moved to the strip. Charles made me take off my skirt first, which led to more bending over and pictures of the purple thread deep between my bum cheeks, and lots angles to show just how much belly had been pushed below the Teddy, and the way the top of the knickers had gone under it. Then shots laying down, with my legs closed and open, and with me teasing that I was going to pull the sliver of material aside and give a proper view of my slit, then ones laid the other way showing the thread passing, and really not hiding my arsehole. Then the blouse came off, followed by lots of shots of me bending so my breasts were either nearly or actually falling out of the top of the Teddy. Then the Teddy, with Charles being particularly keen on shots with me holding a tit to my mouth and sucking my nipple. Eat that you slim little bitches with tiny tits who've got no fucking hope of ever getting to enjoy this experience!
Of course, getting the lighting right started to assume a greater importance, so we had lot of stops while the lighting people changed the direction of the lamps, I had had to move around the set as well to help get it best. This all started me sweating, so the make-up people had to dash over and dry my face and my breasts. Then there were complicated shots where I was leaning forward against the back of a chair, so my tits were dangling, which meant that Penny had to lay on her back on the floor and shoot up to get the best effect. This also meant my arse was stuck out again and Charles sent Tony round to get some more shots of my bum, some legs together, some legs apart, so that it would show my arsehole and some of the hair on my pussy, which was poking out of the knickers as the thin strip went past my hole. Then shots of me leaning my breasts on the back of an upright chair, so they spilled over, exaggerating their size.
Finally, finally, I got to take off the horrible little knickers, leaving me completely nude. Lots more repeat shots of me leaning over things, but this time with a lot more emphasis on the recently uncovered delights between my legs. Lots more make up poking around as well, as for some reason sweaty bums and bellies apparently are a more specialist niche. Some of it was quite clever, though. Charles was really good, and very specific on how he wanted me to place my body, but for the arse shots they turned on one of the video cameras and connected it to a television on the floor in front of me. This meant I could see exactly how much of my bumhole was showing, and could try to make sure it looked round and symmetrical, something again which seems to be preferred, though given that the men at least were likely fantasizing about sticking their cock up it, I couldn't quite see why. They then brought in a few toys, including a small vibrator which make-up lubricated, and Charles poked in to my asshole. I guess this make the fantasy visible to any men who hadn't thought of it, and brought in some possible amusement for lesbians. I have to say, it felt pretty weird, standing naked in front of a dozen strangers, with my tits hanging over the chair, my legs spread, and a vibrator stuck perfectly symmetrically half way into my arsehole. However, I kind of got it. When I looked at the image on the screen, it looked good.
Then they wanted shots of me pulling open my cunt in the same position. This proved a bit tricky, as I needed some support, but it turned out they had a special padded chair on which I could rest my shoulders, while I reached round and pulled open my slit. Again, this required a lot of lighting changes, so they could see as far as possible through my hole into my vagina. This was repeated with the vibrator in my ass, then a much larger vibrator stuck in my cunt. I was definitely getting it now. When I looked at the image on screen of the small, vibrator in my bum, my hands holding my lips apart, and the big vibrator hanging there stretching my cunt, I thought it looked fucking good.
I then had to lay back in an armchair, with my legs over the arms, so that my pussy was fully exposed to the camera. This involved a bit more fiddling with the lights, and some adjustment to the recline of the chair so that my asshole could be seen as well. In many ways, this was my shot. Ricky had got me to do it many times, and this was also the sugared almonds shot. I knew what I was doing here. I lost count of how many shots were taken of my slit pulled open to different degrees, with my fingers exploring my clit, or poked in my hole, and of the vibrator in a little, in a lot, or just poised to go in but not covering the view of my hole. What I concentrated on was trying to get the right intensity into my look, a look that said to men, I'm just waiting for your cock to go in here, and to women, come suck and stroke my clit. Of course, some of this was probably wasted as undoubtedly many of the shots were extreme close-ups of my cunt and ass. I thought I must have finished, but then make-up came over again with something supposed to be cunt juice, and a whole load more shots were taken with my cunt looking a lot more slippery. Strange how it seemed to be necessary for Charles, the make-up boy and girl, and Penny and Tony to keep touching my cunt, saying that they needed to adjust the look. Then a whole load more with the vibrator, Charles especially wanting me to push it right in as far as it would go, then to pull it out as fast as I could. I got the idea, which was that for a second or so my hole stayed open, as if the vibrator were still in there, but boy did it take a long time. I suppose the problem was catching the picture quite right, so the vibrator wasn't hiding anything critical, meaning and of my entire slit, but my lips hadn't closed back over again. Either Penny wasn't as good a photographer as Ruby had claimed, or she was enjoying it. Funnily enough, so was I. I felt totally in control. I was going to make some images to which all sorts of people, both men and women, would wank themselves off. It was my cunt, and I knew I looked epic.
Eventually the clicking stopped, and I really did think that was the end. Apart from anything else, I was pretty desperate for the loo. However, when I asked where the loo was, Ruby dashed over to Charles, and said:
"Why don't we do a few pee shots while she's fully loaded? I mentioned it to her earlier, and she didn't say no. I'm also feeling pretty loaded, so maybe we could do a few shots with us both peeing at the same time, and maybe peeing on each other?"
I wasn't sure then whether I was still feeling in control! However, given everything else the group had seen, and the images they'd captured, what difference would a stream of piss coming out of me make? And I really did need to go. So, I said yes.
Unfortunately, what I hadn't realised was that this was going to require a change of set. It makes sense, when you think about it, that they'd need a set which could be hosed down easily.
"Wait, Charles," I said, "I'm not sure I'm going to be able to hold on long enough."
"Fine," he said, "just slip the knickers, skirt and blouse back on, and if you do dribble during the move, we can do a few strip shots showing that you've wet your knickers, and which will set up the rest of the pictures."
"Oh fuck." I thought, trust me to open my big mouth.
Well, I did what Charles had told me, and we moved over to a set that looked like a bathroom of the sort that's now called a "wet room", so fully tiled and the shower apparently just on the wall of the room itself with no screen. We'd also added video, because a missed shot really couldn't be repeated. And I had dribbled. That was fine, but of course the time it took to photograph my wet knickers meant my bladder was even closer to bursting, and then after I'd taken the knickers off they spotted a little stream of pee running down the top of my leg, so that had to be photographed as well. Fortunately, they had managed to set up Ruby's part of the story, which was also that she was dashing home dying to pee, and also with piss in her knickers. We then moved to a couple of shots of me ripping off my skirt and blouse (though goodness knows the logic for that as I can pee well enough with them on!) and me rushing in to the bathroom holding my pussy. I then sat on the loo, but before I could get going, Ruby dashed in naked, holding herself, and obviously looking horrified that I was already on the loo.
"What are you doing, bitch," she yelled "I'm dying to pee".
And the realisation hit me that the sound engineers had finally come into their own. Given that we hadn't rehearsed, I improvised with something like, "fuck off, so do I and I got here first". Of course, Ruby did what any woman would have done, leaned back, pulled her cunt open and shot a sparkling stream of pee right at me, saying "alright, bitch you asked for it". Again, we hadn't rehearsed it, but the only sensible thing I could see for me to do, especially given that Ruby's pee was spraying all over me, was to slide forward on the seat, lean back, open my slit and send my pee across the room and over her as well.
"Fucking brilliant" exclaimed Charles, dashing over to me and pushing his hand over my cunt. "Save some for a few more shots".
Shit, it's not easy to stop peeing mid-stream, especially when you're not used to it, so he got quite a lot over his hand before I managed it. I also noticed that Ruby had stopped, and as she told me afterwards, bladder control is a really important skill for peeing movies. The next few shots were close-ups of my cunt with the pee squirting out, and one with Ruby in front of me so that it went over her face. This took me to empty, but her extra control meant that they could get shots of her peeing on me from different distances as she came towards me.
Well, it was kind of fun, a bit like being back at school with a water pistol, or that time at Jennie and Steve's when we had the water fight, so maybe this was something I could get to like. What I did notice, though, was just was a vivid pink the inside of Ruby's cunt was, and I definitely decided I wanted some more of that!
It turned that I was to get my wish much sooner than I'd imagined.
"Hey Charles," Tony cut in just as I Ruby and I were heading for the shower, "given that we've got the video going, and we've set up a scene where it would make sense for them both to want a shower, why don't we film it and start with a lesbian scene between Lyn and Ruby, assuming Lyn is up for it."
Was I ever!
"Then maybe we could have either Lyn or Ruby's husband come in and catch them, then end up fucking them both. We could get some great swinging shots with both Ruby's breasts and Lyn's tit's and belly. I know we haven't got time for a full film, but we could do two scenes, put them on the web as trailers to see what response they get, and if it's positive we could come back and fill out the storyline and the other scenes later. What do you say? I guess you could be the husband, and we already know how good your black cock looks in Lyn's cunt. However, the black-on-black with Ruby wouldn't work quite as well, and I know that you generally don't like fucking Ruby in a film. In that case, I guess I could be the husband? Ruby and I always work well together, and it will be a new experience for Lyn, so we can get a better feel for what type of cocks and fucking style works best with her for future reference. How about it?"
"Fantastic idea," said Charles, "are you up for it Ruby, Lyn? And can you manage the video team without him Penny?"
We all said yes. I was definitely happy to get a chance to get on and in Ruby, even though I prefer smaller breasts. I was less sure about Tony, who just seemed a bit dull. I could easily imagine him being obsessed with golf and practising his putting rather than fucking with his wife. Of course, the pee Ruby and I had all over us had started to dry off a bit, so the first thing needed was to get make up to squirt us with some water, and yes, they did use a water pistol.
We started off in the shower, washing each other's breasts, and kissing. However, it really wasn't as sexy as it sounded, and hopefully looked in the end, because we kept having to stop because the camera lens was steaming. We washed each other between our legs and around our bums, but again we had to keep stopping and just move around a bit so that the camera could catch the right pieces of our anatomy. As we came out and were wiping each other dry, Ruby whispered to me:
"When we get on the bed, we just need to go at it hard. The timing is all set by the time the viewer is prepared to wank, not by whether we've come, and it would be a shame not to have got there."
So along, with more stops for repositioning, and some coaching on things we might say to each other, we headed over to the bed, with me laying on my back, with Ruby straddling over me, with her head facing my pussy. Clearly the advantage of this was that the camera could get lots of cunt and arse shots, but we had plenty of opportunity to play with each other's slits whilst also opening it up for the camera, and they could catch close-ups of us sucking the other's clit. Mostly we got through this without too many stoppages and repositioning, and I found I really enjoyed the bright pinkness of Ruby's hole. Fortunately, we were just managing to come when Tony charged in to the room, cursing Ruby and asking what on earth I was doing letting her fuck me.
"I'll show you what a real fuck should be like" cried Tony, pulling off his clothes.
He pushed Ruby off of me, grabbed my tits, and rammed his cock up me. It was really pretty unexciting, so I quickly faked an orgasm, which was the queue for him to move to Ruby, to 'show her what a real fuck was like' as well. She tried to crawl away, which created the ideal opportunity for a bit of doggie-style, with Ruby's tits swinging around crazily. He then pulled out, turned her over, and entered her from the front. I guess if you'd never seen real brutal fucking it could have looked quite convincing, but I then discovered what Tony's real strengths were: he could come pretty well on cue with not much stimulation, although he could hold on forever as well, and when he did come the volume of his spunk and the energy with which it came out was amazing. Ruby faked another orgasm, and then Tony pulled out and shot an unbelievable amount of spunk right over her belly and up over her tits. Impressive. Unfortunately, the hasty script called for me to lick it off Ruby, then transfer some from my mouth to hers. But no way did I fancy that, so I just rubbed it into her breasts, then rolled around on top of her so that our tits both got covered with his cum.
I got a good telling off by Charles for that afterwards, but I blamed it on my memory, what with it being my first time and all, and I think he was still pretty happy with the end result.
I chose not to shower again, but to let the spunk dry on my tits, and take it as a trophy for when I shared my experience with Ricky when I got back home. As I drove back I reflected that I enjoyed the pictures, because of the way I felt I could control unknown people at a distance with my body, and the fact that it was pretty impersonal, or rather very personal just to me. I thought I quite enjoyed the pissing, and maybe it was something I should make more of with Ricky, but the video stuff I really didn't like. I just didn't get aroused by trying to fuck someone to a script, having to stop from time to time so the camera could get the right angle, and having to work to a time rather than letting my body get to climax when I wanted it too.
And whilst I'd found I could tolerate, and even enjoy a bit of arse fucking when I was in control, I just didn't want to have to do it when the script wanted, and there was no way I was going to be swallowing lots of spunk whatever the script said. Yes, if the reaction was good enough, then I'd go back to complete this video, but I wasn't going to do any more. This scripted stuff certainly didn't fit in the 'brutal fucking' world I'd enjoyed, but neither was it making love. However, I did like the idea of having pictures of me on the internet for anyone who wanted them, and wondered if Ricky could set me up with my own web site, rather than going through Charles, at least for of the time. To me, it felt that this belonged more in the 'making love' world, because all of the action was going to be between Ricky and I talking about it and looking at the pictures together.
When I got back home, I stroked the dog and kissed Ricky. I told him all the details of the less than fully enjoyable afternoon, and the conclusions I thought I'd reached. What we did, though, was to watch the DVD of the party, and shit, watching each other in our brutal fucking worlds was fantastic fun in our making love world, and we wanked ourselves silly.