Third period Biology.
Ryan Quinones only had one class with Monica Gift. This was it. He had already heard whispers of Monica showing her tits off in Holt's class. He was afraid that the whispers might make Monica clam up and forgo the accepted dare. Taking a seat and reserving the one to his left for Monica in the back row he sat nervously.
Monica finally entered the room followed by two of the young men who witnessed her exhibition in Geography. She was talking with them and forming an understanding. Once they nodded she left them and joined Ryan.
"That was fun." She sighed grinning at Ryan.
"I heard. I just hope everyone keeps their mouth shut." He groans.
"You know they won't. Guys gotta brag. I just told them to keep it quiet or I'll never do that again. I think they want to see more of the girls. So fingers crossed."
"I only see one button undone." He points out.
"Oh yeah. Did that to escape Holt's eyes." She quickly unbuttons another button then shrugs while releasing a third button. She then stuck her tongue out at Ryan.
"Fucking "A"!" He grins from ear to ear.
"I'm going to try this again. Keep me safe Ryan."
"Always."
The two 18 year old students from earlier jump to get seats near her like before. This round the ratio ended up with more boys than girls in the class. The six girls in the entire class hoarded toward the front right. This left Monica sitting amongst twelve men around her. All were luckily 18 so late in the school year. The situation made her wet as hell.
A number of the men had also heard mumblings of her adventure. They didn't believe it. Still their eyes remained curious. She noted their disbelief and pinched her nipples through her shirt for them to see. That caught their attention.
With a finger to her lips she recommends that they keep it quiet. Nods all around convinces her she might succeed once more. There was a lengthy silence as teacher "Dane Morrison" began class. Fortunate for everyone Dane cherished his black board and chalk. His back was turned for 50% of his classes duration.
Monica began her stretches that led to her unclasping of a fourth button. Safely making sure Morrison wasn't turning around, or any of the six girls, Monica unclasps her final button and fans her shirt wide. She squeezed her breasts together and jostled them about playfully. Leaving her shirt unbuttoned she closed up for a few minutes as Morrison turned around. To his eye there was nothing to see.
Ryan was in awe of her boldness. He hadn't expected her to go this far. His dare was only three buttons undone and no bra. Now every guy in class was eying her exhibitionist notions.
Trying their best not to look obvious.
Monica grins over at Ryan while leaning forward on her desk. She knew his mind was blown by her extra behavior. Ryan sat there wincing at her to continue. She smirked and sat up quickly while pulling her shirt off of her shoulders and resting the material over her biceps. Essentially she was topless. The young men all reacted with motions of triumph over any noise or commentary that might draw attention to their show.
Before Morrison could turn she covers back up and glares forward as if comprehending what the Teacher was informing them of. Her acting ability was pure genius.
Ryan narrows his eyes in thought then jots a note down on his notebook for Monica's eyes only. Lifting it toward her she reads it to herself.
"I dare you to unfasten your jeans while your shirts almost off."
Eyes flaring she bites her lip and waits for the right moment to lean back and reveal her breasts in full frontal glory once again. Eying the Teacher and students she moves her fingers to unsnap her jeans and tug her zipper south. In doing so her lower belly displayed golden flesh. She wasn't wearing panties.
Stretching backwards again she caresses herself from her breasts down to her belly. Then, sliding her fingertips beneath the zipper line.
Seeing Morrison act as if he was turning again she sits forward and hides herself. Not once does she button up.
The guys were a drooling mess. They wanted to see more. Ryan wanted to see more.
Monica wanted to show more. She was tingling like crazy between her legs.
After a lengthy speech to his students about Ecosystem's, Morrison returned to his chalkboard and broke down the various systems.
As soon as he turned away Monica stretched backwards and again lowers her shirt to her forearms this time. Her breasts crushed together was a thing of beauty.
Ryan scribbled another note showing it to her.
"I dare you to pull your pants down past your pussy."
After reading it her eyes bulged and prompts her to pull herself together yet again to secure not being seen. Once attired loosely she raises a finger for everyone to wait.
They were forced to endure Morrison's ramblings while facing his students for another ten minutes. Finally, Monica had another opening.
With twelve sets of eyes on her she carefully lifts her butt from her seat with a faint creak and tugs her jeans over her cheeks and down just below her pussy. She was freshly shaven except for a tiny triangle of pubic hair. Sitting back she lowers her shirt over her forearms again. Gritting her teeth she removes her hands from her shirt entirely. 100% topless her fans were going insane. She witnessed three guys gripping their crotches they were in so much agony over her.
Ryan sat shaking his head at her insanity. He wondered if she could go further.
Scribbling a third note he aims it over at her hesitant eyes.
"I dare you to rub your clit to the count of ten."
Rolling her eyes at the note she ran her fingers down her stomach and amid her labia. Teasing her clit made her tremble. Ten swift massages she stops and pulls her shirt back on for safety. Still unbuttoned she merely hides herself. Her jeans remained lowered and concealed by her hands.
The class was nearly over as Ryan eyes the clock. He had to see if she might go further. With twelve minutes remaining he writes yet another note.
"I dare you to finger yourself for three minutes. Two fingers."
Eying his note she shakes her head and looks around at her audience. All of them were waiting eagerly. Noting her shroud of Studs concealing her from the majority of the class she shivers. With a deep breath she carefully removes her shirt again and literally hands it to Ryan. Every guy there grew instantly jealous of him.
The gent sitting in front of her was a big boy. He chose to block her from Morrison's angle. Another young Man to her right leaned forward to help block her from others. The Teacher would have to move around them for a better view. Seeing this Monica blows them a kiss and eases her jeans down to her knees. She then rubs her clit some more for stimulation. In seconds she dips her two middle fingers up inside her pussy. Three minutes seemed like forever. Up close the Studs could hear her fingers sloshing amid her wet vagina. The sight was every man's fantasy. Ryan timed her three minutes and motioned for her to stop.
She resisted and forged onward. Monica had to know just how far she could go. Three more minutes she felt like cumming. She knew she couldn't get away with it. Her moans were brewing to the point that her pressed lips couldn't contain them.
Finally, with four minutes remaining until the bell rang she pulled her fingers out of her pussy and eased her pants back on. Ryan teasingly withheld her shirt for yet another minute. She shrugged as if she didn't mind and tapped her wet nails on her desk.
Seconds before the bell he hands it over and she gets fully dressed.
Bell ringing the students all rile up to leave.
The boys gather around Monica and Ryan.
"That was insane Gift." One man, "Justin" praises.
Another, "Toby" comes to her defense, "Guys! Let's keep this quiet. I for one want more of that. If she wants to that is."
Monica shyly smiles, "Promise to keep me safe and not tell the world I'm game."
Twelve boys make a pact.
Ryan waits until the crowd disperses then nudges his whole body into hers.
"I dare you to do that every day."
She rolls her eyes, "Not every day but I loved that. Someone will rat me out though. Only a matter of time."
"I think you're building up a wall of guys who will protect you. I say go as far as you can. Enjoy yourself."
"Dammit Ryan. I need fucked."
His eyes bulge, "Oh really?"
"I do. But, I can do that myself." She razzes him.
"I'd be glad to help out." He wiggles his eye brows at her.
"Uh huh!" She turns on her heel and leaves him behind.
Ryan looks down at his erection.
"Bathroom stall it is."