I was a fairly ordinary middle aged man, I was married with a child and had been happily so for many years. I was just approaching my middle forties, slightly on the young side among parents of an eighteen year old, but nothing too unusual. Both my wife, Alice, and I tried to keep ourselves in shape and I had thought of myself as a fairly decent catch back before we settled down. These days whatever effort I made was very much just for my own satisfaction, but, as I sometimes checked myself out after a shower, I thought I was still presentable. No real flab and fairly defined but not huge muscles, at least on my stomach and arms. My neatly groomed, if slightly silver tinged dark hair and hazel eyes would still turn the eye of a good looking woman, wouldn't they? Maybe, maybe not, I'd smile to myself after a few moment's serious contemplation. It didn't really matter.
Or did it?
It all started innocently enough. Lily was my daughter Chloe's new best friend and had been since they'd met a few months back at college. She lived in the next village over but it was an easy enough drive or cycle so she'd soon become something of a regular visitor to our house, often spending several evenings a week with us after school before either being picked up or making her own way home.
Despite their great friendship they were not that alike at least in terms of academics. Chloe had decided relatively early that she wanted to become a doctor and so, when it had come time to decide on a university, that meant she was going to a larger town a little way away. Lily, on the other hand, hadn't really decided much about her future life and wasn't that attracted by the suggestion of more pressure and work, and so decided on a hairdressing course in a local college in our village. The girls were a bit sad about it, but they weren't worried about their friendship as they saw each other outside of college so much.
Although Chloe was going to university it was sadly out of the question for her to live away from home, we just couldn't afford it and she had decided to go to somewhere she could travel to daily, rather than try to work long hours during her studies. She would get enough of that as a young doctor. For her first year, however, Lily would still be strolling out of the gates at four o'clock or so and have a good few hours to kill before her parents were heading home. Like Chloe she was also eighteen and a capable young woman so that wasn't a big problem, but her usual plan had been to hang out with Chloe as the buses were extremely infrequent. That often meant being at our house until she got picked up. The request, when it came then, was casual and not that unexpected.
"Er, Dad, could Lily still hang out at ours after her course next year?"
Chloe was hovering at the door to the front room and I could see Lily herself stood almost sheepishly behind her. It was mildly unusual behaviour but mostly consistent with them wanting something they weren't quite sure I'd agree to. I was somewhat nonplussed by it at first, though.
"Yes, of course. Why wouldn't she be?"
"Well, I wouldn't be back when she gets out, so, you know."
"Oh, right. You mean you want to come here anyway?" I addressed Lily who stepped forwards.
"Yeah, if I could." She smiled.
I thought about it briefly, it didn't seem a problem really. "I guess you can, but wouldn't you rather just go home or hang out with another friend?"
"If I miss the five past bus then there isn't one for ninety minutes, so." She shrugged "I wouldn't come every day, it's just I'm not sure when I'd know people there I could hang out with, and sitting in the library or whatever would be boring if I did it every time."
"Yeah, I'm sure it would be." I paused, I couldn't think of any reason to say no but, as the parent of a daughter myself, I still felt a little strange about it.
"Well, it would be fine with me, and I know you're eighteen, but get your parents to ring me so I know they know about it, OK?"
"Great, I'm sure they'll be fine." Lily smiled. "And it definitely won't be every day or anything, I will make some other friends!"
I laughed. "I know, Lily." She blushed slightly at the very mild teasing and then the two of them went off.
I didn't think much more of it until a few days later when Chloe told me Lily's mum would ring later. As I'd anticipated there seemed to be no issue whatsoever and she was obviously glad Lily had somewhere reliable to be.
From that very low key beginning, though, over the next few months my attitude to what was going to happen slowly started to change. There were a few reasons, but the primary one was Lily herself. For most of the previous few months that she'd been a visitor I'd only seen her in college clothes, fairly sober jumpers and trousers that saw her through a somewhat damp and unusually cold spring and early summer. When July got into its step, however, the sun came out and Lily could wear anything she liked.
I didn't expect it, but the first time I saw her on a hot day, wearing a light top and shorts, I couldn't help doing a genuine double take. It came slightly out of nowhere but almost without thinking I found myself trying to get better and longer glances at her body. I hated myself for it almost as soon as I did it and I tried to resist but it was pointless, she was over regularly so if I resisted this one time I would just face exactly the same temptation again three or four days later. I soon settled into a routine of allowing myself the odd lingering glance when I was absolutely certain neither she, my daughter or my wife could notice.
Lily was short, around five foot three and had long-ish, straight auburn hair which she usually wore down or occasionally pulled back into a ponytail. I could now see quite easily that she had a slim waist that filled out nicely into a not that large but very pleasingly round and firm looking bum. In shorts that hugged her body somewhat it was a gorgeous sight. She also had fairly large breasts, around a C cup but which seemed to have gained prominence now I could see her thin waist and gorgeous, complementary curves elsewhere. She had brown eyes, a few freckles around her small and slightly upturned nose and a way of smiling that seemed to brighten up her whole face. I'd always found her slightly cute, if forced to have an opinion, but I realised after a few weeks of this that I was developing a real affection for her.
It seemed somewhat unimportant, though absolutely inappropriate. She was a little young and a friend of my daughters, but it obviously wasn't the first time I'd noticed an attractive woman who wasn't my wife. I would sneak a few glances but that was that, and I wasn't in any danger whatsoever of wanting or trying for more. After a few days of worrying about it, it all became pretty normal. If Lily was around I'd make sure to say hello, note if she was wearing anything particularly appealing, sneak a few looks and then go about my business elsewhere. It ended up seeming like a few pleasant bursts of harmless fun in my life.
As summer progressed, though, that was starting to change. For a start I maybe wasn't such an expert at looking without being seen as I thought. There was more than one occasion where my gaze lingered and it seemed as if Lily had noticed. I wasn't sure, I told myself that it was perfectly normal that I look at her given we were saying a casual hello or making small talk. That it could have been anything that provoked her expressions which seemed at odds with what people around us were saying, and that she surely had no idea what I was thinking about. I told myself that, but I didn't quite believe it.
Then, one day, it became unmistakable. I was walking up our drive and it seemed as if Lily had just arrived on her bike. Probably the girls were going for a ride somewhere, and she was doing something with it in preparation. She was again wearing a pair of shorts, not overly tight or short as shorts go, but given she was now bent over the bike presenting her bottom to me along with acres of slightly tanned leg, she was a vision. I slowed my pace and drank her in, her hair was hanging down and danced around her body as she moved her head. She was turned toward me ever so slightly so I could just see the outline of one of her breasts wobbling slightly with the effort. I suppose I thought I was completely in the clear, I was innocently walking up my own drive and she didn't even know I was there yet anyway. My thoughts drifted as I simply enjoyed the moment.
"Oh, Mr Hill, I didn't know you were there!"
Lily's ever so slightly shocked voice snapped me out of my reverie. Helplessly I looked up from her body and saw she was now looking back over her shoulder. Without quite knowing it I'd stopped and was stood more or less stationary a few yards behind her.
"Ah, yes." I sounded nervous, so I tried to correct it. "Hi, Lily. Got your bike, I see."
As I talked she began to straighten up. I saw her take an obvious glance down to her still gorgeous bum and then back across to my face. There was no doubt she had realised exactly what I'd been doing.
"Yeah, we're, er, going for a ride later."
I couldn't help but notice she was blushing and it felt possible I was blushing too. There was an awkward edge to the conversation and clearly we both knew why. I wondered if I should just walk away but that felt awkward too. Without really first considering it I tried to smooth things over.
"I, er, didn't know you were here, obviously. Sorry if I, um."
My sentence trailed off as I realised I didn't know how to end it, and also that I had just openly admitted to ogling her bottom.
"That's OK, I, er." She made proper eye contact with me for the first time. "I guess I was in your way, so." She also trailed off, but I saw maybe the smallest hint of a smile before she looked away.
"Do you need any help with the bike?"
"Oh, er, yeah. Maybe. The chain slipped off halfway up your road and it's a bit awkward."
I didn't know why I'd chosen to prolong the situation, except I knew that if this had all been totally innocent that's exactly what I'd have asked. I couldn't back out now.
"OK, let's see."
She stepped back and I looked and quickly confirmed what she'd said was true. I took hold of the bike and set it upside down on the handlebars and seat, and then knelt to one side of it.
"That should make things easier."
I smiled at Lily and then looked back at the bike. Out of the corner of my eye I saw her make her way opposite me and then start to crouch down. I glanced across the bike at her and again I was caught utterly helpless.
Her top was light and largely covered her breasts, except it was loose at the neck. As my eyes found her she was tilting toward me and millennia of male instinct kicked in before I knew it. My eyes dropped to her cleavage and were delighted by the unobstructed view of both well filled bra cups. I was even able to take in part of her beautifully toned stomach. I dragged my gaze upwards as soon as I realised what I'd done and it could only have been a millisecond's glimpse, but it was already far too late.
Lily was smiling but as our eyes met a moment of doubt flickered across her face and she quickly reached down to the neckline of her top and pulled it up and towards her body. It seemed like she had also acted largely instinctively.
She looked back at me and we held eye contact for a few beats. She again knew what I'd been doing but after a moment settled back on her feet and looked at the bike.
"Can you fix it, do you think?" Her voice sounded neutral but there was still a very slight flush to her cheeks.
I paused for a second, I knew I had nothing I could say and so it was best if I just got out of there. I really didn't know what might happen if I was caught looking again, and given my current lack of self control it seemed extremely likely I would be. I quickly did the necessary to the bike and stood up.
"Right, well, I'll just go back in." It was a pointless thing to say but I had nothing better, by now my own face felt unmistakably warm.
"OK, thanks Mr Hill."
I allowed myself one look back at her as I went inside, making sure to not stray from her face. She smiled back and looked to have regained her normal composure. She seemed massively more comfortable than I was feeling.
From then on two things happened. I made every effort to avoid Lily, while Lily seemed to do almost the opposite. Given we were in the same house for an hour or two every few days it was pretty clear whose tactics would win out. Nevertheless I stuck strictly to looking nowhere even mildly inappropriate. Even when she stood at the doorway to my office, leaning against the wall and driving an empty conversation for minutes on end, I stared at my screen with only occasional glances towards the top of her head. The mental effort was terrible though, and I knew something had to give.
Two realisations helped me. The first was that Lily didn't seem to mind if it happened again, indeed, as weeks passed and she still seemed to welcome opportunities to talk to me alone, it seemed as if she quite possibly wanted it to. Initially that terrified me, visions of what my wife or daughter would do if they found out about it played through my head. I wasn't sure if it would be catastrophic but it would definitely be excruciatingly embarrassing.
The second realisation, though, was that she probably had already decided to keep the change in our relationship secret. Her new behaviour was that she now often spoke to me alone, coming to my office or the front room when Chloe and Alice, if she were around, were elsewhere. Also, if Lily had wanted to tell on me then she already had more than enough ammunition. There hadn't been the slightest doubt between us that I'd tried to enjoy as much of her body as I could get a look at, I'd even carried on after I'd been caught red handed. She obviously hadn't passed that on though, as there was no way my wife or daughter would have let that information pass without comment.
Those two ideas percolated in my head for a few days. I wouldn't say it started to feel like a situation I was delighted by, but it did appear almost manageable. It did also appear that the next time she came to see me I maybe wouldn't have to stare at my work quite so hard. Which, when I was able to think about it without much attendant fear, seemed far from the worst thing in the world.
A few days later I had the opportunity to test my theories. I worked from home most of the time so I was again at my desk while Chloe and Lily were doing their thing. Just after lunch I heard someone approach the door.
"Hi, Mr Hill, everything going OK?"
This was Lily's normal opening gambit now and it never usually got more exciting or involved than that.
"Yes thanks, Lily, what about you?"
So far so normal, but as she launched into a story about her morning I tried something different. I pushed my chair back from my desk and turned it towards her, finally giving all my attention to her. I saw her notice after a few seconds, and although I wondered if it were just my imagination she seemed to smile more broadly and hold herself with a little bit more poise.
I listened to her story, adding in a few encouraging comments where it seemed appropriate, and slowly let myself notice what she was wearing. She had on a fairly tight skirt that was tweed patterned and mostly beige. It ended just over halfway down her thigh and was paired with a simple white t-shirt. It all looked good but especially the skirt, which was a little more dressy and even sexy than she normally wore.
I didn't obviously point my gaze anywhere outside of her face, but we were far enough apart that I was able to take in and enjoy an overview of her body. It did seem like her stories were more animated than usual and she lingered for perhaps ten minutes or so. I didn't think she could have anything inappropriate to comment on, but I had definitely acted as if I enjoyed her company much more than previously. After she left it seemed like things had gone very well indeed. I'd had fun talking to a very attractive young woman, which wasn't something I got to do very often at all. Though it seemed possible I would have more opportunity going forwards.
That proved to be true and we soon settled into a rhythm where she almost always found the time to drop by my office if she was at the house. I started to take an interest in her life and what she was doing and thinking, how she felt about the upcoming course and the normal concerns of an eighteen year old girl. Given this was all done as she stood in front of me wearing either very short skirts or shorts, and light, summery tops that always gave at least a hint of her not inconsiderable cleavage, it was very pleasant stuff indeed.
I stayed completely innocent for a few weeks until she wore the tweed skirt for a second time. It was both the tightest and shortest she'd worn and I found myself wanting to give her legs some close attention as she leant against the wall a few feet from me. I knew I didn't want to be totally blatant and risk the awkward atmosphere of a month or so back, but the idea that she wanted me to look was playing around in my brain.
"That's a great skirt, by the way."
Her conversation had been winding down and I'd said it more-or-less as the idea occurred to me. In my head it had seemed far more innocent than it now sounded, an older man, a father of a friend even, commenting, out of the blue, on a very obviously short and skimpy item of clothing, but it was done now.
"Oh, thanks!" She sounded genuinely pleased, which was a good start. She looked down at herself in the skirt. "You really think so?"
The excuse to look was of course exactly what I wanted and I took it. I dropped my gaze down her body and she stood up straighter.
"Yeah, of course. It's very elegant on you." It seemed a safe enough adjective.
As I looked up from her beautiful legs she had obviously watched me looking but the atmosphere stayed completely normal.
"Elegant. I like that." She smiled. "It's pretty new actually, I still wasn't sure about it, but it sounds like I should definitely wear it round here again!"
Although Lily was at least half joking I knew I couldn't stop myself from agreeing, so I tried to sound as if I was just carrying on her very mild gag. "Oh, yes, absolutely!" We both laughed a little.
She left shortly after that and I watched her go, hoping that I wouldn't stare too openly at her bum in the skirt, or that at least she wouldn't catch me doing so. Somehow neither happened.
As September approached we had a few conversations with Chloe involved where the logistics of Lily's hanging out at our house were discussed. Although it had always been obvious, that was the first time anyone said out loud that she and I would be there alone given my wife would be at her job most afternoons. The emphasis was on how Lily would keep herself to herself and not be any trouble. I always said that, as long as she was quiet if I was on a call, there was no issue with her doing whatever she wanted. She first brought it up just between ourselves the week before her course started again.
"I really won't bother you if I come round in the afternoons, will I?"
"No, of course not."
She took a few more reassurances but it seemed as if it was largely just politeness. She carried on chatting about her new life.
"..and another thing is, I won't have to wear a uniform any more."
"A uniform? I didn't think your college had one of those?"
"Well, they had a load of guidelines, no bright colours, no t-shirts, loads of stuff. It was pretty strict really."
"Oh, right, I never noticed." It was true, Chloe didn't tend to chat to me about her clothes these days and I'd figured they had had a pretty much free hand. "I suppose it will be nice to wear whatever you like"
I was aware we were perhaps moving into interesting territory by talking about her clothes again, but it seemed perfectly natural so far.
"Well, I guess it is still education, so I probably shouldn't wear just anything. I wonder if they have guidelines too? Hopefully just professional dress or something."
"Probably." It sounded like she was just wondering out loud. I couldn't think how to keep this conversation going really, so just tried to let Lily's rambling carry it forwards.
"I'm not sure I could wear that skirt you like. It's, er, probably too short."
She smiled at me slightly cheekily, I couldn't help but think about what if I asked how short she thought they could be. Would she demonstrate on her legs? I decided to carry on acting as if this was a perfectly normal conversation.
"Oh, really?"
"Yeah. I think I read something about professional skirts being not more than about an inch above the knee." As I'd hoped she wasn't able to describe such a thing without looking down at her legs, which were, as ever, uncovered below her red shorts. I looked down as well.
"It's a shame." I said it without too much emphasis though, given where we were both looking, it was somewhat ambiguous if I meant a shame about the skirt or her legs being covered. There was silence for a few moments and it seemed somehow appropriate to keep contemplating her body.
"Ah, well, never mind." She said it brightly and we both looked up. She smiled at me and went to leave. "I guess I'll see you next week."
When the new routine did start I still wasn't thinking anything dangerous was going on between myself and Lily, and also didn't see a reason that would change. I figured we'd still talk but that would be it, and, besides, it seemed like in her new professional clothes there would be less opportunity for my baser instincts to be indulged.
For the first month or so things were very mundane. She would hang out at the house two or three times a week for a couple of hours before Chloe got back, but largely just did some work at the breakfast bar in the kitchen or watched TV. We chatted most times and it was still fun but, from my end at least, without the slightly show off element that her summer outfits had brought, it wasn't quite the same. I was a little disappointed but there didn't seem to be anything that could be done except wait for the weather to get warmer again. I realised later that I simply hadn't considered what if I would be the one to start showing off.
Most days I did an hour or so on an exercise bike we had in the basement. Usually I did it in the morning but it wasn't that unusual that I'd have meetings or other commitments that meant it wasn't possible, and so I'd fit it into my workday whenever was convenient. It just so happened, then, that one Tuesday afternoon I was still on the bike when I heard Lily let herself in upstairs.
I came up a little while later and said hello, she was sitting in the kitchen having a cup of tea and looking at a few books. We made small talk for a few moments and then I found myself glancing at the door at the back of the room. I realised there might be a small issue.
Our house was from the 1920s and so built long before modern bathrooms and showers. The main bathroom was on the top floor and fairly spacious, except it was also under the eaves and so didn't really have room for a shower simply because there was nowhere with full ceiling height quite wide enough. As a result, at some point before we moved in, a box room downstairs at the back of the kitchen had been converted to a shower room. It was slightly unusual but it meant we had a bath and a shower when that otherwise wouldn't have been possible. We'd renovated the room a few years back and I usually chose to wash there if it was available.
If that was all there was to it there wouldn't have really been an issue, but, as modern as the shower room now was, it was still small, and it obviously got pretty steamy after a nice hot shower. That meant it was a pretty unpleasant place to get dressed again afterwards, so the normal usage was to go there and back from your bedroom in a towel. We weren't an exhibitionist family but we were comfortable around each other in states of mild undress, so it had never been an issue. That was, of course, until I contemplated walking past Lily. That seemed a bit too much, even if we were alone and had already established between us that I was a fan of her shapely eighteen year old body.
"Having a shower, Mr Hill?"
Lily had clearly noticed my glances too and knew the layout of the house.
"Yes, I, er usually do afterwards."
She smiled, I tried to work out if she'd ever been around when Chloe had taken a shower. Probably, but I couldn't be sure.
"Well, don't mind me." She went back to her books and I headed up to my bedroom.
I briefly wondered if I should just take a bath instead, but the idea was not appealing. Our bath was old and small, so it was very clearly a distant second place. I also needed to get back to work and a bath took at least twice as long. No, the solution was obvious, I would just have to get dressed and undressed in the shower room. It wasn't ideal but it was easily bearable. I grabbed my work clothes and towel headed back down.
Lily smiled another hello as I went through and then showered without incident. I couldn't help but briefly think about being naked with Lily just a room away and my penis responded slightly, but I stopped that train of thought fairly quickly and was soon getting dressed.
It was just as annoying as I'd feared. It was difficult to dress at all in the small space and I felt immediately damp and too hot once everything was on. The feeling persisted for another half an hour or so after I'd got out and I resolved to try and avoid that situation if I could possibly help it.
Except the very next day history repeated itself. I'd seen it coming from the moment the meeting request came in for 9am, but I'd not been too worried simply because Lily very rarely came two days on the trot. Of course, as I approached top speed on the bike for the last ten minutes, I heard the door open above. Just my luck.
I again went up after my workout and found Lily in the kitchen. We chatted briefly about her day and an episode of TV I knew she would have watched the evening before, then I again indicated I was having a shower. Annoying as it would be, it was still the best solution to the problem.
"Chloe always says she hates getting dressed in there. Apparently it's really steamy."
"Yeah, it is."
Lily had broached the subject as I was idly staring at the calendar on the fridge on my way out of the door. I was largely wondering if the bins would need putting out later and so hadn't considered where my answer might take the conversation.
"But, you don't mind? I think I'd hate that too."
"Well, er." I wondered what to say, I obviously agreed with her but it was also a delicate subject. My silence lingered just slightly too long.
"Oh, right. If you didn't get dressed in there you'd have to come out here in a towel, and you don't want to with me around?" There seemed to be a very slight smirk to her voice, but I couldn't be sure. She'd nailed the situation, though, and it seemed pointless to disagree.
"Yeah, of course."
There was silence for a moment, I again thought about leaving.
"I wouldn't mind." She sounded completely innocent, though it was, of course, anything but. In fact it was so bold I was fairly surprised.
"Well, Lily, I mean. I can't just." I tailed off. "In front of you."
There was a definite half smile on her face now, it seemed like my discomfort was giving her confidence.
"It'd be fine. No one would even know."
We were entering definite danger territory now and I needed to find some way back to safer ground.
"I don't know about you, but I wouldn't be comfortable, Lily." I tried to sound as serious as possible and draw a line under the subject.
"Well, why not just put your pajamas on or something, that way you can change again upstairs."
She still sounded calm and as if she were discussing a perfectly mundane matter, though there remained a noticeable upturn at either side of her mouth. I continued to be flustered, at least internally, and paused for a moment as if considering the idea. The obvious answer was that I didn't wear pajamas, but that didn't seem like a conversational avenue to go down.
"I, er, maybe."
She shrugged. "Well, it's up to you."
She said it with a very large smirk. I wasn't at all sure quite how the conversation had gotten to where it had, and I couldn't do anything other than turn and leave the room.
As I climbed the stairs it was slightly surreal to think I was soon to be deciding exactly what state of undress a friend of Chloe's should see me in. The idea seemed to excite me quite a bit, but I tried to ignore that.
I knew immediately, of course, that I should go back down fully dressed and repeat exactly what I'd done yesterday. I also knew fairly quickly that I was not going to do that. I found myself feeling invested in the secrecy and slight naughtiness of the relationship Lily and I had forged in the last few months, and if I didn't go back down in something approaching nightwear it felt like I'd be rejecting that somehow.
Although the rational side of me also knew that it would be turning that naughty but still ultimately just about acceptable thing into something irrevocably dangerous, certainly for me, I simply could not focus on that for very long. I imagined Lily's smile as I came down with a towel wrapped around my waist. It felt like the looks we'd shared after she let me take a close look at her body in a tight, short skirt. Besides, I said to myself as I slipped off my workout shorts, she was still not going to see anything and it wasn't as if I'd take a shower with her around again. Where was the harm?
After I was down to just my boxers, which were black and of the stretchy, figure hugging variety, I briefly wondered if I dared go without the towel. I didn't, so I wrapped that loosely about my waist and pulled on the baggy maroon t-shirt I kept by the bed. I usually slept without it, but it was useful if it were cold or if I needed to get up in the night. I looked in the mirror, I realised I wouldn't think twice about being seen like this by Chloe and that gave me the impetus to move. Before I knew it I was at the bottom of the stairs.
As I had hoped she smiled widely at me as I re entered the kitchen. She even pushed herself slightly away from the breakfast bar as if to get a good look at me and I stepped fully into view. I stopped and let her look, a slight smile on my face also. Again I was thinking that if I made it a bit of a joke, it couldn't possibly be anything untoward.
"Looking good, Mr Hill."
"Thanks, thanks, I wear this towel out all the time."
"No spiderman pajamas, then?"
"They're in the wash." She laughed slightly and I couldn't help but feel pretty great.
"Enjoy your shower."
"Thanks."
I went inside, part of me wondering what I'd thought all the fuss was about.
That time, though, I was absolutely unable to keep impure thoughts of Lily out of my mind while I was showering, and I spent a few minutes wondering if I'd need to masturbate just to be able to leave the room. Even with the towel again wrapped around my waist it seemed likely that a full erection would be noticeable. Thankfully, however, I managed to get things under control and stepped out to get dressed.
Again a hitherto unnoticed issue struck me. As I was toweling my hair I realised I would then have to wrap a wet towel over my clothes. My t-shirt didn't really matter as I was unlikely to need to again today, and changing my underwear a third time that day wasn't the worst thing in the world, but it was mildly annoying. Still, it wasn't as if I'd showered like this with efficiency in mind. I pulled up my boxers, wrapped the towel as loosely as I dared and headed out. It was no surprise to find Lily still sat at the breakfast bar.
"Nice shower?"
"Yeah, it was good."
She again gave me a once over.
"Your amazing towel outfit doesn't look so good now it's all damp."
"No, it doesn't feel that great either." I was again having fun talking to her in this slightly teasing way. It felt mildly naughty but also somehow perfectly acceptable.
"Oh, well, you should just take it off then." She again flat footed me, the teasing tone was suddenly gone and her line was delivered in perfect deadpan.
I stared, I was still just a few steps out of the shower door and had the full kitchen left to traverse. Lily had pushed her stool away from the breakfast bar and was half blocking my path out, though it would, of course, had been perfectly simple to get by anyway.
"I, er. Oh, it doesn't matter too much. I'll be fine."
She looked at me for a moment.
"Don't be silly, I'm sure you've got something on underneath. I'll hang it on the radiator and you can head upstairs to get changed. That's where you dry them, isn't it?"
At this she stood and took a step towards me. I felt caught. It seemed like if I acknowledged how inappropriate a thing it was that she was asking for, it would reflect back on this whole situation and my conduct so far. I was, after all, the person supposedly in charge in this house and had voluntarily got myself into it. I found myself trying to deny her whilst also acting as if it would be no big deal to do it.
"I, er, I can manage."
I sounded like a nervous boy and Lily pretty much ignored what I'd said and stopped a few steps away, that slight smile again on her face as she held out her hand expectantly. I waited another beat but then found myself reaching up to take off my towel. Pretty soon I was handing it to Lily who still didn't move from right in front of me. She looked me in the eye throughout.
I was aware that I was almost a foot taller than her and much wider, but I felt completely subservient. After a moment she looked down slowly to my boxers and I felt my penis stiffen. I vaguely thought about covering up but didn't move a muscle. She looked for several seconds and I couldn't help my eyes from following hers. The shape of my penis was unmistakable under the skin tight shorts. After a few moments she looked up to me, that slightly smug half smile still on her lips.
"I'll hang this up, then."
She stayed as cool as a cucumber and after the slow motion feeling I'd just experienced everything suddenly went back to normal. Lily stepped to the side and I took it as my cue to get out of there. I found myself walking away from her and I knew she was checking out my bum just as I had done to her many times. I tried to avoid it but I couldn't help but look back as I approached the door. She was still standing where she had been, still obviously watching me. I looked away quickly and although my head was spinning I soon made it back upstairs.
I got dressed and went to the relative safety of my office. I closed the door fully, something which I normally only did if I was on a call. I knew I needed time to think about what had just happened, but it soon seemed clear it would be best if I stayed away from Lily. The next hour or so passed uneventfully and I heard Chloe return. Then, after another few minutes, the door sounded again as they both went out together. I felt like the danger had passed and my resolve was simply that I would never exercise or shower again while she was here and, if she did come to speak to me, I would go back to how I'd responded after our meeting on the drive. It seemed simple enough.
Obviously it was anything but. My intentions didn't change but I found it close to impossible to get what had happened between us out of my head. To have a gorgeous girl like Lily act that way towards me was unexpected and I hadn't really had a clue how to respond, but I knew that deep down the excitement and fear had hit me like a drug. She'd somehow pushed some buttons that I didn't know I had.
The next day was a Friday and Lily didn't arrive, which, given she'd been there the last two days was pretty much to be expected. I exercised in the morning and the day felt normal. Over the weekend I found myself wondering if she would come over and when she didn't I figured there was a good chance she would on Monday. That morning I went down to the basement and went through the motions but I was aware a big part of me was desperate to postpone it till later. Lily didn't arrive again that afternoon and the tension I was experiencing just rose even higher. It seemed like a certainty she would be there the next day.
That morning I warred with myself. I went down to the bike three times, pedaled for a few seconds then got up again. I knew what I wanted to do and I knew I couldn't allow it, but I was also trying to give myself all kinds of excuses and reasons why leaving it until later was fine and that it was all in my head anyway. Eventually, around half ten, I got myself together and exercised and showered before lunch. This just had to stop.
Lily let herself in around the usual time, I listened to her make her way to the kitchen and I knew immediately that my biggest reaction was disappointment. I wished I were about to take a shower. All my resolve seemed ridiculous, why had I cheated myself out of an ultimately pretty minor pleasure? But, as soon as I decided I'd definitely take the next opportunity, all the fears came rushing back. I tried to put it out of my mind, it was over for today whatever happened.
Lily herself came up to chat about half an hour later. I had intended to stay mostly looking at my computer but quickly thought I was being a bit silly going that far. I turned to her after she'd made her customary greeting.
"Not bad, Lily, how about you?" I found myself over compensating for the slight nervousness by sounding far more enthusiastic than I usually did.
"Oh, fine."
We chatted for a few moments about nothing much.
"No exercise today?"
I froze ever so slightly.
"Well, I exercised earlier, so." I left it at that, hoping a simple factual conversation couldn't be too bad.
"Oh, you don't always do it in the afternoon?"
"No, I er, usually do it in the morning."
"Really? I hate doing exercise then, I'm always so sleepy." I smiled, I didn't really know where we were going but it was feeling safer. "You're, er, not just saying that are you? You know, about preferring the morning?"
"No, why would I, er." I tailed off, it was suddenly obvious why I might have been saying that.
"I mean, you don't mind that I saw you in your underwear, do you?" She again had that matter of fact tone with an ever so slight edge, as if she was daring me to articulate what was surely below the surface between us.
"No, not really, it's just."
"Well, I wouldn't tell Chloe about it, obviously. Or Alice. But, when it's just the two of us here. I mean, it's your house, you should be able to take a shower, shouldn't you?"
"Yeah, of course." I was trapped by her again, I felt like there was nothing else to say.
She smiled, seemingly normally this time. "Great, well, I'm glad that's sorted." She started to leave, "you can exercise when you want."
"Thanks," I muttered to her back as she headed out. I wondered exactly what had just happened.
Thus began a period of mental torture. I figured Lily probably wouldn't come back straight away so I exercised in the morning anyway the next day, but then she was there later after all. She didn't repeat the conversation of the day before but did make an offhand comment about how she hoped I wasn't neglecting my workouts. I tried not to rise to any bait and the day passed otherwise uneventfully.
The next few days I genuinely had meetings and exercised just after lunch. It was at a time when, if I'd wanted, I could have probably gone without a shower until Lily arrived. The first day I did that, trying not to think about what I was up to until half four came around and I was still sitting in my sweaty clothes. She clearly wasn't coming.
The second day I waited in the kitchen for perhaps ten minutes before I realised I couldn't do things this way, and that it would feel too obvious if I was just hanging out in soiled exercise clothes. That meant I was already washed and dressed long before I heard her open the door downstairs. I again mostly felt frustration that I wasn't doing something I clearly wanted to. Lily didn't mention it at all that day and we just had a quick conversation about our plans for the weekend, but I knew that I wasn't going to miss any more opportunities.
Monday came and this time I felt relatively calm. When half three arrived I closed my laptop and went downstairs. I put the usual program on the bike and tried to just enjoy the workout and not care if Lily came by this afternoon or not. I was, however, both delighted and terrified when I heard the door go about fifteen minutes from the end of my scheduled hour. I actually made it about five more before I stopped pedaling, turned off the bike and picked up my bottle of water. I mounted the stairs feeling like a nervous kid again.
Lily smiled at me immediately as I entered the kitchen.
"I thought I heard you down there," she said brightly.
"Yeah, I had meetings earlier, so." I gestured vaguely.
"Oh, really?" She nodded and smiled, from her reaction I realised how guilty my immediate justification had sounded. Still, it was too late now.
"Going for a shower, then?"
"Yeah, I think so." There was a pause and she looked back at her phone. I think the fact she seemed so unconcerned by everything made me want to keep talking. "You, er, don't mind, do you?" There was no explanation other than nervousness for my question, but I had to go with it now.
She looked up again. "It's up to you, really."
"Right, well, I'll go and." I managed to make a gesture to say I'd go up to my room.
She smiled again casually. "See you in a moment."
I went upstairs and undressed quickly, I needed to get going before I lost my nerve. I again stripped to just my black boxers before putting on the tatty maroon t-shirt. I briefly wondered about not wrapping my towel, but given the part I'd thought about most was Lily making me take it off I fastened it to my waist. Then I headed back to the kitchen.
She again looked up from her phone as I entered, still seeming at ease. I walked around the breakfast bar to the side she was sitting on, which was also the way to the bathroom door. I felt myself going slower than usual hoping Lily would do something to make me stop. As I came into her full view she did the same as last week, turning towards me and clearly taking the time to check out my clothes. I slowed a little bit more and I thought she perhaps slightly lingered looking at the towel. I hoped she was thinking about what happened last time.
"Have fun." Sadly, though, that was all she was offering for now. She didn't look back to her phone but it seemed obvious she was expecting me to go inside and shower, and so, with the slightly gormless air of someone hoping in vain for a conversation to continue, I walked past her and into the room. My heart was racing but almost nothing had happened.
I showered quickly. This time the nervousness probably explained why I didn't get fully hard even though Lily and what might happen next were all I could think of. As I shut off the water I wondered if I was being too hasty but the anticipation was too much. I toweled off quickly, making sure I got it as damp as possible. I again wondered whether to wrap it and this time I chose differently, mostly because I wanted to make sure something happened even if it was just another brief bit of exhibitionism.
She turned to me as soon as I exited. "All clean?"
"Yes, thanks." I stopped, hoping for a conversation. She looked down to the towel which I was clasping the middle of with one hand to my waist, and which then hung down obscuring most of my crotch.
"Oh, do you want me to hang up your towel again?" She asked mostly neutrally but in a way that seemed very slightly surprised, and as if she wondered why I wasn't moving on.
I immediately felt even more nervous and I grabbed at the excuse, even though it would be, obviously, a slightly strange request. "Erm, well. Could you?"
She smiled the smile I was coming to enjoy so much, the smirk that said she knew the power she had over me but wasn't going to acknowledge it out in the open. "Yes, I suppose so." She stood up. "Do you make Chloe's mum do this for you?"
It was the first time either of us had mentioned Alice, my wife, during one of our more interesting encounters. Fear and even a little shame poked uncomfortably through the nervous excitement and I suddenly felt a need to end this, but it seemed impossible. Lily was stood in front of me, her hand again slightly outstretched to take my towel. Even then I couldn't resist and I gave it to her.
"No, er, not really." I answered her question lamely as she had already dropped her eyes down my body. I stood still and let her look.
"I see."
It was a pretty neutral response to my admission, but where her gaze lingered was anything but. I felt a stirring in my cock, I suddenly wondered if I could make it move while she was looking. That would surely be a step too far.
After a few seconds she stepped aside casually. "OK, well, time to hang up a towel."
I nodded, she had dismissed me once more. I went to step by her and she moved to one side.
"Wow, that t-shirt's old." I stopped halfway to the door as she was talking to me again. I turned back to her and she carried on, "and it's grimy. Don't you wash it?"
I looked down, it was true it had seen better days. "Er, sometimes."
She shook her head, "I really think it should be a bit more often, Mr Hill. Especially if you're going to wear it when I'm here." She grinned at that.
"Oh, right, well. Maybe I'll stick it in the wash now."
"Good idea."
At that she suddenly set off to the door herself, probably on the way to the drying rack we had in the corridor. She quickly passed by me and I followed her. I nodded to her pointlessly as I turned to go up the stairs.
"The wash basket's over there, isn't it?"
I froze again. She was right, of course, it was by the entrance to the utility room a few paces further along than the radiator she was now standing by.
"Erm, yeah."
I couldn't stop myself, it felt almost like I was having an out of body experience, I slowly turned and walked back past her. She watched me go, not yet bothering to do anything with the towel she held. I halted in front of the basket, I didn't know what to do next. Or rather I didn't know if I could actually do it.
"I'll just sort this towel and then you can have some privacy, if you like."
I looked back and she was facing forwards to the rack. If she'd done it as quickly as she easily could have then sorting the towel would have taken seconds, but it soon became clear she was milking it. Still not looking in my direction she carefully shook it out and started to gather all four corners as a prelude to neatly folding it.
From her attitude previously it seemed like she would do exactly what she said. She was making a meal out of the towel, but I had no doubt that if I hadn't taken the shirt off by the time she'd finished she'd go back into the kitchen. I felt myself contemplating if I would wait, but the memory of the disappointments I'd felt last week coupled with the sheer horny adrenaline I was feeling was too much. I still didn't quite understand what got to me so badly about letting Lily undress me by her not quite stated suggestions, but I wanted it to continue very badly. As I saw her out of the corner of my eye still messing with the rack I started to lift the t-shirt off my body. It felt amazing and I soon dropped it into the basket and then, taking a deep breath and trying to hold my stomach as taut as possible, I turned to her.
The towel was hung and, as I'd hoped, she was giving me her full attention. I didn't dare look down as I was pretty sure my dick was now even more prominent, it felt just a few pulses short of a proper erection and I could feel it straining to move upwards against the tight fabric. I waited as I again saw her eyes sweep down and then up my body, it seemed like an understanding we had. She finally let them rise to my face, her expression was the smuggest yet. She didn't however speak. After just a moment's silence I felt the need to break it.
"I'll, er, go up and get changed."
"If you like."
She remained where she was, watching me and seeming perfectly in control of the situation. I slowly started to walk past her, I felt every inch of my nearly naked body move and imagined her gaze on all of it. It was electrifying even as I knew it was very wrong. As I turned to climb the stairs she was still there. I desperately wanted to find some cool exit line but nothing came and I just made my way up, eventually climbing far enough to be out of her view.
This time when I got back to my office I not only closed the door, I locked it, and about 30 seconds later I was having an intense orgasm. I'd known as soon as I started getting dressed that I needed to masturbate, the heavy feeling deep in my scrotum that came from getting too excited with no release was all too obvious. Lily's presence downstairs didn't deter me, if anything the idea just made me come faster. I knew there was no chance of her catching me but the fantasies that flickered at the edge of my over stimulated brain contained that and more.
Immediately afterwards, of course, I felt shame and remorse and was fearfully pledging to myself that this was the end of it. Though I think even then I knew that was nonsense. I worked as best I could for another hour until I heard Lily leave, presumably because a parent was passing through town and could offer a lift. I regretted not going back downstairs to see how she would have reacted to what we'd done, and that was the point, I think, when I accepted this would be an ongoing thing.
If I thought about what I was doing with regards to my wife at all, then I told myself it was still just about OK. She would have been very annoyed by it, of course, but I couldn't see how she would find out and it was still just looking. In that regard it wasn't any more serious than what had happened in the summer. Hardly number one husband behaviour, but still not actually cheating. That's how I thought, at least.
I still had no clue what exactly would happen next but I was starting to suspect that Lily would take care of that. The decisions I'd made to get undressed in front of her had felt largely forced by what she'd said or by the looks she'd given me, and while I found her hard to judge I was pretty convinced she knew what she was doing. I didn't know if it was a genuine desire on her part or just an enjoyment of control, or even a way of getting her own back for what had happened that summer. It interested me to find out, but I realised I didn't mind what the answer was, just as long as she didn't want to give up. There was only one way to find that out, though, and so I dutifully waited until three thirty the next afternoon and then went down to the basement.
Of course after all that build up she didn't show, but I wasn't deterred as I knew there would be another chance the next day, and the next day. I felt somewhat giddy when I contemplated that, but reminded myself I really couldn't afford to get carried away. Not that I thought for a moment that Lily wanted an affair, but at a certain point what we were doing could certainly jeopardise my comfortable existence. I just hoped I'd correctly judge the moment when I needed to do so. It wasn't there yet, though, so the next day I was again back down pedaling furiously when I heard the door open and close. A jolt of excitement went through me.
I told myself to at least play it slightly casual. This time I finished my hour, so it was almost twenty minutes later that I made my way to the kitchen to say hello. We exchanged pleasantries but I felt and hoped that both of us wanted to get on with things, though Lily, of course, seemed completely at ease. I did notice that she was wearing a skirt, which was unusual these days, pleasantly tight but almost to her knees and with black tights beneath. She had paired it with a fairly smart blouse and while she always looked good, today's formal but sexy look did a little bit extra for me. Her hair was down and framed her face nicely.
"I'll er just," I again pointed upstairs indicating I was off to change, I hoped I sounded as casual as she did. She nodded and the first part of our routine was over.
Or was it? Something occurred to me then that, in my excitement, I somehow hadn't realised before. My maroon t-shirt was still working its way through our wash protocols.
"Oh, er, sorry, but my t-shirt is still in the wash." I hesitated at the end, unsure what exactly I was telling her.
Lily's expression said the same thing. "OK." She smiled politely for a moment, then I saw a penny drop before I had a chance to try again. "Oh, right," she paused. "Well, that's fine." As ever it was all perfectly casual.
It seemed I was in just my boxers from the start today. I couldn't complain as it was clearly what I'd hoped when I'd blurted out that awkward question.
"Right, OK." I started to leave, already feeling as unmoored as I had towards the end of our last encounter.
"Though you've got other t-shirts, don't you?" I stopped, but before I could decide what, if anything, to say Lily carried on. "I guess you don't want to get them all damp and messed up, do you?"
She seemed to expect a reply so I gave her the obvious one. "No, not really."
She nodded and there was another pause. This time Lily's intervention seemed to come exactly as I had started to move.
"I can go to another room, if you like?" I couldn't believe she was teasing me like this, but she smiled up at me as innocently as she ever had. "Shall I?"
"No, no, that's fine. I'll just be passing through, so." It sounded like it had been all my idea again and for a brief moment I wondered if it all actually was, but the tension between us surely couldn't be just in my head.
"OK." She finally looked back at her phone and I headed upstairs.
With haste I took off my clothes. From my reflections of the previous few days I knew that deep down I wanted this and I resolved to act quickly to not let doubt creep in. I didn't even consider wrapping the towel, it seemed pointless.
I couldn't, however, help taking the time for a glance at myself in the mirror. As usual I looked at the definition in my abs and made sure to stand up straight. Unusually I gave my bum a look in the skin tight underwear and was pleased to see it looked firm and also pretty muscular. I told myself that it was no surprise that a girl like Lily liked to look at me, though I knew that that didn't really change how inappropriate it all was. I could see the bulge of my cock and balls, and while it wasn't that hard they were pretty well defined and it was surely only a matter of time. I picked up a towel and headed down.
As I approached the kitchen door my pace slowed, what I was about to do was still pretty amazing. I couldn't help but remember Lily sat in her tight skirt and the idea I was about to do something overtly sexual with a girl like that was still breathtaking. I found myself wondering where exactly to put the towel, carried in one hand or draped around my shoulders. Neither seemed at all natural but I found myself about to step over the threshold of the kitchen anyway with the towel sort of over one shoulder while I held it in place with my left hand. It didn't obscure anything important.
"Hello."
Lily looked up as soon as I entered the room and the casual way she kept her eyes on me as I went, seemingly completely unembarrassed by the situation, made me slow my pace. I came into her full view and I marveled some more at just how natural she was making this seem. I saw her look closely at my underwear and I was somehow in just enough control to sneak my own glance at her legs stretching deliciously from the hem of her skirt.
"Oh, do you like this one?"
I looked up and stopped a few paces from her. I wondered how on earth I was the one being caught in this situation. Though, as with when I'd mentioned her skirt in my office that summer, she seemed delighted by my attention. She was looking down at her legs making sure I knew what she was referring to.
"Oh, yeah, it's lovely. It suits you really well."
"Thanks." She stood up and gave me a twirl. "I had to really make an effort with my outfit today, we met a few local salon owners so it was worth trying to leave an impression on them."
I smiled at her. "Well, well done." We were somehow in one of our usual inconsequential conversations about her life, only this time with me practically naked.
"I've got a few skirts like this one, actually. They're from a little shop in town, I think they're on their website if you'd like to see them?"
I made a non committal noise, I was happy to chat but that didn't sound too interesting.
For the moment she was only looking at my face and she carried on talking. "Do you ever have to dress up for work?"
I considered it, it was tough to keep my mind on the question given how aware I was of being exposed for her. It was a weird experience talking to a fully clothed eighteen year old while I was in just a pair of boxer shorts. It was slightly humiliating but also an experience I felt myself desperately trying to prolong.
"Oh, well, not that often. I'm mostly at home, but if I need to go somewhere I'll usually have to pack a suit." I was rambling a bit, like she often did.
She nodded, it seemed like she expected me to continue.
"But, it's fine. I don't mind wearing a shirt and tie if I have to, and.." As I had meandered on pointlessly her eyes had strayed to my body. Eventually my monologue came to a halt.
There was a short pause before Lily spoke. "Think you'd ever show up to a meeting like this?" By the end of the sentence she'd decided to look me in the eye again and the smirk made its first appearance today.
"No, probably not."
She left another gap and seemed to glance briefly to my chest, which had what I considered a tasteful smattering of dark hair. "Probably time for your shower, isn't it?"
"Yeah."
She sat back down as I went into the shower room. I felt slightly sick, I couldn't believe I'd get to do it all again in a few minutes.
Unsurprisingly I went as quickly as I could. I wondered about masturbating right there and then, but I realised I didn't want to go back out with anything significantly smaller down there, it was a question of pride. I was pretty much hard throughout the shower but I knew from experience that I'd be able to stuff it away back into my boxers, and the pressure should then calm things down a little bit. Or so I hoped.
In the end as I pulled them on I realised that nervous anticipation had done a little bit of work as well and I fitted in without trouble. It was tightly packed but probably no more obscene than previously. Though I looked down one last time before I opened the door again and had to admit it was firmly on the x rated side. Upstairs it had seemed just a bulge but now both the head and shaft of my dick were very obviously outlined. Another jolt went through me but there was no way I could stop myself now. I opened the door.
"All good?"
"Yeah, great." I tried to smile naturally back and I saw her immediately check me out below. I decided to stay where I was for now and just let her look.
Sadly, and as ever, Lily refused to let me relax. After a brief perusal of my body she looked at me expectantly, politely but obviously wondering why I was just standing there. I knew why, of course, but I didn't want to say it.
"I, er, guess I'll," I started the sentence hesitatingly and once again Lily chose to jump in, essentially ignoring me.
"Oh, did you want to see those skirts?" My face probably just showed confusion, I only barely remembered what she was talking about, but Lily was unconcerned. She was already reaching for her phone. "I should be able to get them pretty quickly." I was happy for the excuse and stepped closer as she tapped away.
"Here they are."
She proffered her phone and I dutifully nodded my appreciation. I could barely tell the difference between each one as she flicked through and, sadly, they weren't modeled by anyone, let alone Lily, but they looked nice enough as far as skirts went.
"That's my favourite," she said as ended the show, putting her phone back on the table. She looked thoughtful, idly glancing from my face to my groin and then back again. "I'll probably wear it next week, so you'll get to see it then."
"Sounds good."
She smiled at me and I could feel my heart beating throughout my body. I was as nervous as I'd ever been but I still found it thrilling. As we'd talked Lily had pushed the stool away from the breakfast bar and was now slightly facing me as I stood to her right. The experience of chatting to her mostly naked and letting her look wherever she wanted was as exhilarating the second time as the first. There had been a slight pause in conversation, but this time it passed perfectly naturally waiting for Lily to speak.
"Is that the only kind of underwear you have?"
As ever she asked it perfectly innocuously and we both looked down.
"No, I've a drawer full of the stuff upstairs." It was true as far as it went, over the years I'd acquired them from various sources and rarely threw any away. Largely because I only ever actually wore this style and the rest just hung around.
"Oh, right." She sounded mildly surprised by the answer, enough to look back at my face. I was a little offended as, although she was essentially correct, she'd only seen me undressed a few times. I needn't have been that predictable yet.
"Yeah, if you came, say, tomorrow, then you'd probably see another style."
I'd started the comment imagining I was making some semi-vague hypothetical statement, but as I was about halfway through I realised it was partly a slightly pathetic brag, and partly an indication I was planning to do this as often as possible. I'd tailed off into semi-silence by the end, but no doubt Lily heard everything. She waited a slight moment before replying.
"I'm not sure if I'll be here tomorrow."
"Oh, yeah, of course. I didn't mean." I paused, wondering how to restate things even slightly better. "I might exercise in the morning anyway, it was just." I tailed off again as I'd not really been faring much better. This time Lily replied immediately.
"You've got a pair you'd like me to see?"
That had not been what I was trying to say. I was still totally unsure both how much we were supposed to be trying to make this happen, and also how much we were supposed to actually say out loud.
"No, er, not particularly." My total lack of certainly was evident in every syllable.
"I suppose you could show me one now, if you liked." She glanced at the clock as cool as ever. "We should have the time."
I was still lost but I felt I just couldn't agree to that. I felt sick and conflicted, though, so I mostly stammered for a second or so before replying properly.
"I, er, I don't really have anything I want you to see, I don't think." I could already feel the disappointment but I knew I wasn't capable of anything else. Yet.
She shrugged, "OK."
I stood there, still feeling as much embarrassment and excitement as ever. I didn't want to leave but she was again acting as if our conversation was over. Her eyes left my body and strayed to her phone. I knew I could either choose to leave or be dismissed very shortly.
"Well, I should head upstairs and." I hoped the sentence didn't need to be finished, but of course Lily thought otherwise.
"Put some clothes on?"
"Yeah." After that I just headed out, no doubt still under observation.
I didn't see or speak to Lily again that day, and, although I did spend more than a little time imagining how my fashion show might have gone, none of my fantasies seemed the least bit realistic, so I wasn't even able to feel that disappointed.
My failure, if you could call it that, put some things in perspective. As exciting as what was happening with Lily was, I clearly didn't dare let it go any farther and that was a good thing really, so it was somewhat counterproductive of me to do it every time she came round. That was the way to go if I wanted to escalate things, when what I really wanted was just a little treat every now and again. I wasn't quite sure what the frequency needed to be, but it at least meant that tomorrow I should be on the bike in the morning.
I followed through, though by the time the next day came round I felt it was as much because it seemed extremely unlikely she would be there later, as because of my new tactic of moderation. Of course Lily confounded me again and the sound of the door opening filtered up to my office just after four o'clock. I was slightly pleased to realise that I still supported my decision, even despite the stirring in my groin as I wondered what she might be wearing. I resisted even the urge to find that out and continued working. I felt almost virtuous.
Lily came up after about an hour, I turned to greet her and resolved to act slightly reserved and not mention anything we'd done in the last few weeks. At first it seemed as if she had possibly decided something similar and it was a fairly quick and superficial chat, we'd even mentioned the weather.
"Well, I'll head back down."
"OK, Lily, see you again." It was a pretty standard goodbye for me.
"See you tomorrow, actually. I think I'll be coming round."
It was pretty unusual of her to tell me her plans out of the blue, but you'd never have guessed that from the way she said it. I somehow remembered my resolution and didn't react.
"Bye, then."
"Bye, Lily."
Of course, the mere possibility that she had been effectively asking me to shower for her the next day was more than enough to undermine all my thoughts from the previous twenty four hours. Even as I heard her leave a short while later I was already deciding exactly what different kind of underwear to have on.
It was tricky because, although I had been telling the truth and I did indeed have a drawer full of different styles, they weren't really all that different. They were just underwear I'd bought myself here and there or got as a present from an uninspired relative. There certainly wasn't much that would particularly impress an eighteen year old girl, nor, crucially, would be particularly more exciting for me to wear than the tight trunks she'd already seen me in.
In fact, the only pairs that had sprung to mind were some brightly coloured briefs I'd had to buy when I'd mispacked for a work conference several years back. They were all I could find in the hotel shop on short notice and I remembered them as pretty small and tight, though there was every chance they'd been abandoned at the room. As it was I found them after a bit of a rummage. They looked even smaller than I remembered. I had worn them at least once so maybe they'd been shrunk in the wash, or maybe I had just bought the wrong size. They looked like a boy's pair of speedos made out of thin bright orange fabric, and I quickly realised I didn't have the nerve to wear them for her.
In the end I decided on a pair of novelty Christmas underwear I must have got as a present at some point, with dancing Father Christmases all over. They were fabric and of the much looser style of boxer shorts, with a button fly. I didn't think they would be as revealing to wear but they were still underwear and should at least provide a talking point to keep me in the room. I made sure my work for the day was largely done and headed to the basement that afternoon with my now customary air of anticipation. Lily was as good as her word and arrived not long after four.
I decided to not bother with any preliminaries, just shouting a hello to Lily from the corridor as I passed, and telling her I'd see her in a minute. "OK, Mr Hill," was the reply and I was quickly upstairs. I'd already got out the novelty underwear and was soon pulling them on my otherwise naked body. They felt loose and I realised that my penis would be moving around beneath them, perhaps Lily would be getting a real show nonetheless. A jolt of excitement ran through me and I almost bounded down the stairs. As I headed into the kitchen I couldn't believe how almost normal this felt.
"Hi, Lily."
"Hi, Mr Hill."
This time I went with purpose and was soon standing where she could see all of me. As expected she looked down and I stood still for her, there was essentially no pretence any more.
She laughed, "it's only September."
"It gets earlier every year!" That got another chuckle out of her. She was wearing more or less the same she'd had on the other day and again looked great in a tight skirt, black stockings and an off white blouse. Her hair was down and it looked like she was wearing makeup.
"So, will I get to see a different pair every time now?" She was sounding almost teasing and it was the most blatant way yet that she'd acknowledged we were establishing a routine.
I shrugged, "maybe not every time."
"I guess I'll need to wait a while till I see the Easter Bunny ones."
"Yeah, of course."
We smiled at each other a little bit more but I was sad to realise the conversation was already petering out, perhaps novelty boxer shorts weren't quite the conversation piece I'd hoped for. As ever nothing too inspiring came to my head, and I was soon nodding towards the bathroom and Lily was switching focus elsewhere. Despite having just been again practically naked for her I couldn't help but feel mildly disappointed.
The feeling mostly dissipated, though, and I began to feel largely content. I had intended for things to stay at this level and become perhaps even more casual, and had really just got carried away by her comment. I began to enjoy the shower and the thought of Lily waiting for me on the other side of the door, and I lingered under the water quite a bit longer than I had in previous days. As I got out I was once again sporting what was close to a full erection. I idly dried myself, still thinking pleasant thoughts about Lily and her legs, and then picked up my novelty underwear.
I soon started to get a little less relaxed, however. While earlier these shorts had seemed more conservative, now my semi erection was tenting the front of them quite significantly they were anything but. My penis was using the extra room it had to lift them away from my body, meaning anyone looking could very well get an eyeful either up one of the legs or past the waistband, and my dick was even mildly threatening to slip out of the fly. Of course, given my previous daydreams about her, the idea that Lily could soon see me like this was at the forefront of my mind, which made it close to impossible to somehow think myself flaccid. If anything the situation was getting worse, and it was only the pressure exerted on my dick that prevented it from getting completely hard. It likely wouldn't stay that way for long, though.
Again I considered masturbating, but I still had the issue I'd thought of last time. What's more, I'd already been in there for a while and the shower had obviously stopped minutes ago. I didn't really know if it would occur to her or not, but the idea that Lily might figure out what I'd been up to didn't feel good at all. It felt seedy and against the fun spirit of how we'd interacted up to this point. It seemed like I needed to get out there and quickly, and of course a significant part of me was more than OK with Lily seeing my erection so blatantly. In the end I decided I would need to at least try to cover up with my towel, so taking a deep breath and keeping it close by I opened the door.
"That was a long one, Mr Hill."
Lily smiled at me as I nodded my agreement, by now feeling quite nervous. I found myself holding the towel hopefully casually at waist level not quite right in front of my still hard cock, but just to the side of me that Lily was sitting on. For now, at least, I think it blocked the worst of it, and, as I started to walk I found myself hunching forwards to lessen the uncomfortable pressure that the shorts were placing on my straining penis.
Although she hadn't yet figured out why, Lily clearly saw something was up.
"Are you OK?" It sounded like there was genuine mild concern in her voice as I passed her by. She turned her head to keep watching me.
"All fine." I shuffled on, I was now past her so if she stayed sat down then there was every chance I could get out without my predicament becoming obvious.
"Have you pulled a muscle or something, you're walking a bit funny."
"Yeah, that must be it." Feeling more comfortable now I was likely obscured by the breakfast bar I felt able to reply.
"Oh, you should let me give you a massage." I heard the sound of a stool moving, so I felt the need to speak again.
"No, no, that's fine, it's nothing really."
"Seriously, Mr Hill, it's no trouble. I'm trained, remember, my Mum's been teaching me for years. I've helped out friends lots of times."
From the sound of her voice she was now past the breakfast bar and was likely staring at my back. I'd paused just outside the kitchen door and was unsure how to handle things from here. What she'd said was true, I knew her mother was a massage therapist, my wife had even used her services a few times, and, although we'd never discussed it, it made sense that her daughter had picked up a thing or two. I turned my head back to her and made sure the towel was again near my groin on the side that she could perhaps see slightly.
"Oh, I know, but, it's alright." I was rambling partly because, of course, in reality I wanted nothing more than to be able to say yes please. "Besides, you don't have a massage table or anything, so, you know." I ended vaguely, waving my free hand and hoping it was enough to allow me to walk back upstairs.
She laughed as if I were being ridiculous. "That's no trouble, the bed or even the floor is just as good as a table." She started to walk towards me, "come on, I'll follow you up." She sounded so matter of fact I found myself turning and setting off ahead of her just to keep her from seeing my still throbbing erection.
I was now completely confused as to how I could get out of this situation, but also entirely uncertain that I wanted to. If I could somehow get the massage without her having to see how ridiculous I currently looked, that was surely the best outcome. Once again at the merest hint of something more my resolve to keep things from escalating had gone out of the window. As I approached my bedroom with Lily still following behind I, hopefully casually, wrapped the towel around me.
Lily followed me into the room, and if she felt at all uncomfortable at being in my and my wife's bedroom she didn't show it in the least. I stood to one side as she bustled past me and went over to the bed.
"Yeah, this looks fine." She pulled the duvet off quickly and straightened the sheet beneath. "I'll maybe put a few towels down." She smiled at me as she headed back to the door. "I bet Alice or Chloe will have something I can use for oil in the bathroom as well."
I smiled at her pointlessly as she went out, she didn't seem to look down so with the towel in place I think I was doing OK. I continued to just stand there, mind curiously blank. A large part of me wondered what on earth I was doing but I was clearly just going to do what Lily told me and hope for the best.
She came back a minute or two later carrying some towels and a couple of bottles of cosmetic products. She again smiled at me and walked past to the bed, where she put most of our pillows onto the floor, left one in place and then spread out two bath towels down the bed below it. Then she turned to me, still holding a third towel.
"OK, well then. I think we're ready." Her eyes flicked down seemingly noticing I was wearing my bath towel now for the first time. She frowned slightly.
"Are you, er, still wearing your shorts?"
"Yeah." I didn't know what exactly was supposed to happen next.
"Great, just take that towel off and come over here." It sounded like the simplest thing in the world. I felt my hand stray slowly to the towel knot, but I couldn't help but hesitate. Lily looked at me wondering what the issue was but I still hadn't figured out how to address my erection.
"Oh, right. Do you *want* to take your underwear off first?" She sounded surprised but also as if it might be an option. I was finding it very hard to get my brain in gear enough to usefully reply to anything she was saying.
"No, it's just."
She didn't wait for my spluttering to finish. "I guess it's fine if you do, I was going to use the towel to cover you anyway." She left almost no gap and then carried on. "I'll head out for a moment and you can get ready. Use this towel to cover up, that one you have on is all wet." She waved the third towel at me briefly then put it on the bed and quickly left the room.
At first I thought I was even deeper in trouble and wondered if I had the wherewithal to be able to speak up, but I then realised that at least her leaving the room gave me the opportunity to get into place unobserved. At that point I'd be lying on my front on top of my penis, so it should then be fairly safe and give me more opportunity to get things under control. I took off the towel and the shorts quickly, worrying that Lily might come back in when she thought I was ready rather than waiting for a signal.
My dick was at full strength as I climbed onto the bed and picked up the towel, which seemed to be a worryingly small one. I lay down trying to get it in place across my bum and I quickly remembered that lying on top of an erection is very uncomfortable, in fact it was actually painful if I wasn't careful. I reached down and tried to arrange myself as best as I could, and it seemed that pointing it down between my legs was the only position I could stand which let me lie flat. I worried it would be visible but I resolved to keep my legs together and thought that the towel should keep me just about covered. I waited a few moments, wiggling about slightly trying to get more comfortable, then, after another look back and a slight towel rearrangement I called out that I was ready. I heard the door open almost immediately.
"OK, Mr Hill, you just relax." I decided to not try and look up for fear of disturbing my careful arrangement, and I heard a pop of a bottle and then a cool feeling as liquid was poured onto my back. "It seemed like it was maybe your leg that was bothering you, but I'll give you the works."
"Thanks."
"Don't mention it."
She soon started and the sensations as she pretty expertly got to work were great. Although I couldn't see her, the idea of Lily in her sexy skirt caressing my now absolutely naked body was more than enough to keep my dick at least semi hard, despite it's still uncomfortable position. I gave myself over to the moment and tried not to worry too much.
After a little while her hands lifted off and I soon felt the liquid hitting my calves.
"I'll do your legs now."
Her hands soon started again, and although it wasn't quite as exciting as she worked my lower legs it was still a relaxing massage. When she moved up to my thighs, though, things got a lot more interesting. For a start after her first few strokes, which seemed to get higher and higher, I felt her hands lift off and my towel suddenly move.
"That's better."
Lily sounded as calm as ever but I froze, all relaxation suddenly out of the question. There was no question she'd moved it higher and exposed my legs all the way up to, and quite possibly including a small amount of, my bum.
"It does feel tight here, Mr Hill."
She said this as she walked both hands up my left thigh, prodding with her fingers as she went. When she got to the top there was unmistakable contact with what I considered part of my bum cheek. Although I can't say I was hating it, I was now very far from relaxed. I tried even harder to keep my legs together.
She repeated the move on my other leg, this time her thumbs straying down on the inside and grazing my other leg at the same time as they went. I held my breath as I thought I felt the tiniest breath of air on the tip of my cock, which was still stuffed between my legs. With the now ended relaxation and the pressure of my body upon it it had calmed down at least a little bit, but it felt poised and ready to spring back to full attention at the slightest provocation.
Again her hands lifted from my body and I heard her walk to what seemed like the foot of the bed. I suddenly felt her grab my left ankle and scoot my leg over about 6 inches, pulling them apart. She quickly repeated the procedure on my other ankle. This time it felt like a genuine breeze was rippling over my cock and I couldn't help but quickly shut my legs with a start.
"Sorry, Mr Hill, did I wake you? I just need to move you a little, don't worry."
I held my breath again as she repeated the procedure, it felt like, if anything, she'd spread them wider. I didn't dare try and look back over my shoulder, but it seemed inevitable that at least the head of my penis must now be visible between my legs.
As she returned to the side of the bed I felt her tug the towel lower again on my bottom. She didn't say anything but it felt like confirmation of what she'd seen. My mind swam and my dick got harder.
She carried on putting all her attention onto the backs of my thighs for another few minutes. I assumed the towel now concealed my penis from her perspective, but I had no way of verifying that and it felt as if several inches of it were out in the open. I couldn't believe how aroused I now felt, but the fear of embarrassing myself in front of her kept a bit of an edge off, which was likely for the best.
Eventually I felt her hands lift off me as if she was going to move on. When I heard her turn away from the bed I took the opportunity to lift up slightly and point my cock elsewhere. However, before I could actually do anything I felt her hand on my back.
"Don't worry, Mr Hill, if you're uncomfortable I'm almost finished on your back."
I dutifully moved my hand back from underneath me and settled down, my penis in exactly the same position as before. She quickly banged the sides of her hands down on my back and legs a few times before stopping and saying the words I'd been both anticipating and dreading.
"OK, time to turn over."
As soon as she said it I knew I'd be doing it. Although I was still a little terrified that accidentally exposing my penis to her would cause an incident, I was so horny and in her control it was inevitable. I didn't, however, have any clue how she expected me to turn over. She was still standing right next to me and not offering the privacy that she had at the start.
After a few moments of us both doing nothing I realised it was up to me to start. I looked back to the side away from her and reached a hand out to take hold of the towel. My plan was to turn very slowly and try to keep it in place. Lily was having none of it.
"It's fine, Mr Hill, you just turn over, I'll worry about the towel."
I couldn't help but turn my head to the other side at her words and watched as she grasped the top of the towel and lifted it off my body. She didn't lift it far but she also was stood a foot or two further up than it, so very likely had a pretty clear view of most of what had been covered by it. For now that was just my bum.
"Off you go."
She wasn't looking up to my face at all and so seemed unaware I was watching her. I had no other plan, so, accepting whatever fate awaited, I started to roll over.
It seemed best to just get on with things and I felt more comfortable watching Lily than my dick. I could feel it move, however, and it was still around semi hard and stayed pointing downwards towards my feet. Blood pressure kept it away from my body even as I settled onto my back.
Lily's face didn't seem to change but she'd clearly kept her eyes in the vicinity of the towel so couldn't have missed it. She lowered it back onto my body fairly quickly and finally looked up. I was mostly thinking about the sensation of the towel on my dick. It felt like the edge was only just low enough to be covering the head of my penis and every heartbeat seemed to send more blood rushing into it.
What happened next seemed both to go too quickly but also in slow motion. I looked at Lily's cute, freckled face as she turned back to get the oil, anticipating her hands again on my body, when I unconsciously made the mistake. It was possibly something I could have prevented if I'd had superhuman control of myself, but as my cock stiffened and felt increasingly good I tensed it slightly and caused it to spring upwards with a touch more force that the towel could take. The treacherous fabric slipped slightly downwards to my stomach, and as the weight it exerted lessened my penis straightened even more. The chain reaction went quickly and before I knew it the towel my dick was completely out into the open.
My eyes must have gone wide but, ridiculously, my first thought was that perhaps Lily wouldn't notice straight away and I'd be able to shuffle myself back under. I tried a brief movement but obviously it failed. I wondered about trying again but she had already turned back to my body.
"Oh."
She said it fairly quietly, expressing surprise but not massively so. Despite the nervousness a part of me still managed to hope she liked what she saw, but it was tough to really say what reaction she had to seeing her best friend's father's very erect penis. I was still frozen in place but Lily quickly pulled the towel up along my body and re-covered my dick. This time it was weighed down the other way, pointing up along my belly. She waited a very brief moment then carried on.
"I'll do your chest and arms next," she said, as if nothing too important had just happened. I managed an answering smile and soon watched as she poured the liquid onto me.
I again tried to relax but I couldn't help but notice that my cock was now threatening to poke out from the top rather than bottom of the towel, with the hemline hovering a few centimetres above my belly button. For the moment it was just a dark shadow underneath and I wondered if Lily would try and arrange things a little better, but she didn't. I was feeling too passive to try myself, I still feared making a mistake and it seeming as if I was exposing myself to her.
I put my head back down, moving extremely gingerly so that nothing would be disturbed. It was no real surprise to feel that Lily wasn't particularly taking things easily, massaging my chest and abs with about as much vigor as she had my back. My dick bobbed around slightly as she went and enjoyed its freedom and it soon felt likely that it was only a matter of time before the exact same thing happened again. I tried to ignore it as I had still had no idea what to do or even whether Lily, or indeed myself, cared. Eventually, though, the tension became too much and I raised my head to see what the situation was.
The towel was still in place but my penis had definitely risen and more light was being let in underneath. It was fairly easy to see the head of my cock. Lily seemed unconcerned and although she wasn't staring at it, it certainly appeared that my exposure must be perfectly obvious to her. After a little while she quickly tugged the towel down ever so slightly, but a few more strokes of her hands saw it slip once more. I watched, mesmerised by the situation as my dick bobbed about visibly before she again just about covered it up.
This time she glanced my way and smiled at me. It was beginning to seem like she was as unconcerned about seeing my erection as she had been about checking out my underwear.
"Enjoying it, Mr Hill?"
"Yes, thanks." I managed to get out. I could see that I was once again pretty visible down below. This time Lily didn't even shift the towel and it seemed she was also finishing up on my top half.
"OK, I'll move down."
"Right."
She stepped the short distance down my body, and grabbed the oil again. I saw her glance up to the towel which, from her new angle, should at least have been blocking her view.
Lily quickly folded the towel in two, doubling the part that was resting on my penis but exposing the very tops of my legs. The added weight pressed it down more until it was almost resting against my belly, the sensation of which made my whole body twitch involuntarily with pleasure and pain. I saw the usual smug little smile flash across Lily's face, but other than that she simply got on with the job. I lay back down, hoping to enjoy the final part of the massage.
This time she started on my thighs, and as she repeated the move that saw her poking and kneading with her fingers up one leg towards my groin I realised just how exposed I now was. The towel was obviously resting on my dick, but I felt oil drip from my leg onto my scrotum, and it seemed likely my balls now lay at least partly outside the towel. My pubic hair was closely cropped all over and I thought I looked presentable down there, but it was not a view I had ever really presented to anyone before.
As Lily carried on vigorously working the muscles in both legs I couldn't help but want to check her view. I raised myself up just enough and quickly realised it was worse than I'd imagined. My balls were fully exposed, tightly held up against my body and clearly ready to deliver a decent load after a half hour or more of teasing. What was perhaps more surprising, though, was that a good half an inch or so of my shaft was visible, swaying slightly as Lily's hands continued my massage. At this point the towel wasn't doing much other than causing me a growing amount of discomfort as, despite the constriction, my erection tried to regain full strength.
After a few moments Lily looked up and noticed my new position, settled on my elbows and watching her work.
"Trying to learn the technique?" As ever, if she was embarrassed by my exposure then she wasn't showing it.
I couldn't really describe the heightened state of excitement I was in.
"Just enjoying it. I haven't had a massage in years."
"Really? Oh, I think everyone should get them regularly, they always make you feel great."
I couldn't help letting my eyes flicker from her face to where her hands now rested, a few inches from the towel. She followed my gaze, then looked back up at me. Given her calmness it seemed like she was daring me to make a comment about it.
"Sorry if I, er." The start still wasn't that confident and she looked at me quizzically. I too wondered what exactly I was hoping to say. "If I've, erm, given you a bit of trouble with the towel."
She looked back down. "Oh, it's fine really, I guess it would have been uncomfortable for you to keep your shorts on." It was the first time she'd even slightly hinted she had seen my erection.
"Yeah, thanks."
She started to massage my thighs, but after a few moments she spoke again.
"You know, I am almost done. If you like I can just take the towel off." She looked back up at me and I held my breath. "I mean, it still looks a little awkward for you."
I paused for a moment then somehow managed to follow through on what I'd thought many times. If she was acting casual, then so should I.
"Yeah, OK, that would be good."
She nodded and wasted no time. With one hand she just tugged the towel completely off me and let it fall to the bed beside me. Finally completely free my dick sprang upwards, wobbled a few times and then settled into place, pointing more-or-less straight up. The head was obviously moist from pre cum and I could tell it was about as hard as it got.
"Better?" She asked as she carried on kneading my body?
"Definitely."
I lay back down. Now my cock was out in the open then the desire I felt for her to actually touch it was incredible, and brought a new edge of frustration. I tried to master that and just enjoy the sensations. The delicious feelings as her hands skated ever so close on each pass up my leg, and the thought that it was a gorgeous eighteen year doing it was almost enough to bring me to climax on its own. It seemed clear, though, that there was no more on offer for me, and all too soon I felt the bang of the sides of her hands on my body signaling that the massage was at an end.
"All done."
I looked up, "great, thanks."
She swept her gaze up and down my naked body as if checking her handiwork. "Taking another shower?"
"No, I don't think so." My only real thought now was to be able to masturbate as soon as possible, and it seemed much too involved to have to go downstairs first when I was already laying on my own bed.
"Oh, right." She seemed surprised. "I'll, er, get something for the oil then."
I slowly figured out what she meant, but before I could decide whether to change my mind she had set off, presumably again to the bathroom. She returned relatively quickly holding a wash cloth.
"I'm sorry, I didn't think." I said lamely as she walked towards me.
"It's fine. I guess you did just take one after all."
I just about managed a nod as she put the cloth on my chest and started swabbing my body. I had no objections, obviously, and had managed to get myself another few moments of massage.
This time Lily went fairly quickly, moving the cloth around my body with far less precision than her massage strokes. As she went down towards my penis she didn't change her approach and was soon sweeping the cloth close enough that I felt it touch and flick around the base as she slid the cloth up and down briefly on either side of my groin. I held my breath and tried to keep in control, although I knew it wasn't quite true it was easy to imagine she had just handled my dick.
"OK, stand up and I'll do the back." As ever she said it with a nonchalant smile.
I got up from the bed and it seemed like we both noticed as my dick bounced around as I went. At this point it felt that, unless I came, it had had enough arousal to stay hard for days. We briefly stood facing each other before I turned to present my bum, and I soon felt her start to wipe me down. She was as brisk as previously though I told myself she did take at least one pass more than she needed to over my bum.
"All done."
I turned back to face her, by now it seemed pointless to worry and I knew I wanted her to see me as much as possible. After a moment, though, she looked around the room.
"Oh, er, I'll get your towel."
It was lying on the floor a little way away and I said nothing. She stepped over and bent quickly at the knees still facing me, her head briefly almost at the level of my cock. She smiled and handed it to me, I took it and then held it to my chest so it dangled down and my dick was lost among its folds. I didn't want to cover up, but it seemed like it would be expected of me.
"Did you enjoy it?"
"Yes, absolutely. Thank you."
"Well, see how it goes. If it helps you then good, and, I mean," she shrugged, "I could maybe give you another one some time?"
"Great, yeah, absolutely. I'll see how it goes."
She nodded. "OK."
It was strange, her demeanour hadn't really changed but it did seem as if she was hesitating before just leaving the room. I wondered if there was something I was missing or forgetting to say. I started another not particularly important sentence, but we both got a bit of a surprise. Downstairs there was the unmistakable sound of the front door opening.
I glanced terrified at the clock by the bed and discovered that it was just about late enough that it could be Chloe. Lily turned to the door and a, "hello," filtered up from downstairs to confirm it. She looked back at me, the first crack in her composure evident. Though it wasn't that big a rupture.
"I'll head down quickly. You get dressed, I'll say we were just chatting in your office."
She whispered it and was already heading to the door. As she went I quickly realised there was no real reason her excuse wouldn't work, unless Chloe shook her hand, which would be very unusual. I'd be in my office in a minute or two looking normal enough, though it was very doubtful Chloe would come up to say hello anyway as she had Lily to entertain.
I got dressed as quickly as I could listening to the indistinct sounds of their chatter from downstairs. Given what had just happened my penis did in fact shrink easily enough, and my underwear and jeans went back on without trouble. I could feel my body was still in dire need of a release, however, and I would make sure I got it later. I'd be thinking, no doubt, of Lily.