The story so far: 20 years in the future, Paul and Dianne are competing in the hot reality TV show 'Fucks for Bucks'.
All characters are 18 or over.
The Mating Game Ch. 07
by Kris Cherita
"We're going to do this in a nice, orderly fashion," said Peewee, grabbing a deck of cards and removing the jokers before shuffling the deck. "Hearts first, then diamonds, then spades, then clubs. Aces, then kings, queens, jacks and so on. Take a card and get in line. I've got two hands so I can take you three at a time; I'm a pretty good juggler, so four balls will be easy. When you feel you're getting close, pull out and come in my hair, and next man in line takes your place. Oh, and no choking or slapping my face, or I'll bite. Hard. Capiche?"
"What about your minge?" asked Vlad, the goth. "Seems a shame to let something that good go to waste."
"I don't want your cum going to waste either, so my cunt's off limits -- at least for your cock. Same with my ass. If you want to eat me out while you wait your turn, okay." She handed the deck to Zac, who drew a card before handing the deck to one of the cameramen. Paul drew the queen of diamonds, and went to sit with the other spectators while the six men who'd drawn hearts formed a queue. Most of the spectators were male; a few women had come to the canteen to watch the show, but most were in the rec room or the gym along with the few men who'd opted out of the blowbang. Khaleesi, naked but for red stilettos and long purple gloves, had grabbed a seat with a good view, and was chatting with Ben's partner Imogen, who wore black silk stockings, a scarlet garter belt and half-cup bra, and shiny black stripper heels. The only person in the room wearing more was the female camera assistant, who was hovering around Peewee's head with a light meter. She gave the naked cameramen a thumbs up, and they took their positions as Peewee drew her head back like a sword-swallower and grabbed a scrawny young man's long brown cock and guided it down her throat. She released her grip and reached for Jesus' dick, feeling it swell and stiffen as the cock, in her left hand, did the same. The young multiracial man groaned in pleasure as Peewee's lips closed around the base of his cock while her nose nuzzled his balls, then slid back down almost to the frenulum while her tongue circled his glans. The cameramen, who'd worked on many porn movies as well as four seasons of Fuxtel reality TV shows, captured the moment as the man began shaking and pulled his cock out of Peewee's well-trained mouth just in time to ejaculate over her forehead and long fall of hair. As soon as he'd staggered backwards, Peewee -- realizing that Jesus was close to coming -- pulled him towards her face and sucked his cock for less than a minute before he, too, anointed her hair. Cameron and Vlad rushed into place and placed her hands on their cocks as the third man fed her his erection. Ben, the next in the queue, knelt between Peewee's thick thighs and began kissing her delectable cunt. He ate her out so well that she was close to coming -- and then the man whose cock she deep-throating began shaking, and she had to hurriedly spit him out so he could ejaculate over her forehead and hair rather than down her gullet. Cameron took his place, and began fucking her face while Ben, to Peewee's disappointment, moved to her side so that she could wank him. "Can I kiss your breast?" the statistician asked.
Peewee gave him a thumbs-up, and he bent over and sucked her already swollen nipple between his lips while she wrapped her hand around his shaft. Vlad cupped her other tit, running his thumb around the nipple. Cameron began ejaculating, stepped back, and spurted over her face, a lot of it hitting Peewee in the eye. She released her grip on Vlad's cock and used her free hand to wipe as much of the cum away from her eye as she could. The goth waited patiently until she opened her mouth wide, then fed her his erection as she reached out her hand for the next man in line, one of the camera operators.
Paul dropped his card, walked towards her, and began licking her already saturated twat. Peewee crooned in pleasure around Vlad's pierced cock as she felt a tongue circling her clit, and wrapped her legs around Paul's neck to prevent him escaping. Three cocks blown, only thirty-three to go.
#
"Trickle-down effect?" Gudrun snapped. "Is that when you stand up with a cunt full of cum?"
The spectacularly built blonde, who Dianne recognized as Jordan's latest trophy wife Polina, recoiled - but she didn't leave the hot tub, so Gudrun did. Dianne hadn't heard the earlier part of the conversation, and was both startled and amused; while other reality shows chose their contestants for the maximum likelihood of violent clashes, the producers of Fucks for Bucks had found that the politics was an unsexy distraction and the show rated better if the less appealing people were weeded out as quickly as possible and the couples who'd started off as compatible turned on each other when it became clear who posed the greatest threat. "What was that about?" Dianne murmured, as Gudrun strode past her en route to the door.
Gudrun looked at her a little warily, then replied, "I was having a pleasant conversation with Miranda and Leilani," she said, "until the gold-digger butted in. I'm going to the sauna."
"Sounds like you'd be better off cooling down, instead," Dianne suggested. "A shower, maybe. What was that about the trickle-down effect?"
"Come with me if you want to talk," replied Gudrun. "I suppose you believe in the trickle-down effect."
Dianne shrugged as she followed Gudrun out of the room, trying not to stare at her well-toned ass. "It works as intended," she said mildly. "A few billions trickle down from the trillionaires to the politicians, who give them contracts and pass laws making sure the trillionaires don't pay tax so they stay rich enough that more can trickle down to the politicians. It's like a perpetual motion machine."
"And some of it seeps down to you and the Barbie doll."
"Some," Dianne admitted. "Trillionaires do like their yachts and Bugattis and diamond-crusted platinum skulls. But they need somebody like me to do the paperwork so they can write them off on tax. How long have you been in America?"
"Four years. Guess I haven't lost the accent."
"So you'll have noticed this isn't like Europe. We've never had basic income here; we don't even have welfare anymore." Gudrun nodded; social security had been privatized in the 30s, sold to a company that reportedly lost all of the funds in short-term investments. The CEO, a Russian oligarch, was said to be living in the Kushner Tower in Putingrad, safe from extradition. Medicare had fared better, being broken up into smaller companies run by state governments. "Most of us are taught from conception that socialism is the ultimate evil --"
"You mean from birth?"
"You can get audio devices that teach your baby that while it's still in the womb," said Dianne dryly. "Least, that's what the ads claim; they sell millions of them. I wish we'd gotten in on the ground floor on that one. Look, nearly half the states teach that getting rid of slavery was a mistake, and how the fuck did we get onto this topic?"
Gudrun smiled crookedly. "Miranda was talking about how she liked being on the show and what she'd like to do with the money if she won. She has no idea what 69 mill would buy. I suggested that if some of us made a deal, if any of us won we'd split the money. Most of these couples would take twenty years to make even one million. If I could get 23 on side, we'd have a better than even chance of getting three mill and we could all just relax, treat this like a vacation and enjoy the sex like Miranda is doing, maybe get to try out some of our fantasies like Peewee..."
"Well, there's your problem," said Dianne. "The same people who preach that greed is good also say that sex is for procreation, and enjoying it is as bad as atheism. And too many practice what is preached at us - or at least pretend to, and vote as though they do. You're trying to fight the American Dream, and that's the only game in town. Paul and I played it pretty well until we got careless, and now we're here."
"Careless, or greedy?"
"This is America; no such thing as too greedy. Shower or sauna?"
"Shower, I guess," said Gudrun. "Want me to scrub your back?"
"I'm straight."
"Uh-huh."
#
The cameraman did his best to keep Peewee's face in the frame as he withdrew his cock from her mouth and shot an impressively long jet of jizz into her hair. She smiled for the camera, and blew it a kiss as she released her grip on Paul's erection. The cameraman stepped back to line up a close-up of her slowly swallowing all of Paul's six and a half inches, while Ethan grabbed her hand and guided it towards his groin.
When the next man in line didn't take Ethan's place between Peewee's thighs, Imogen sashayed over and began nuzzling her way up from Peewee's taint to her clit, gently sucking on it until Peewee began shuddering and squealing. Paul found the sight of one gorgeous woman eating out another so arousing that he had to control his breathing to prevent himself ejaculating down Peewee's throat. Despite the distraction, Peewee kept her lips locked tight around the shaft of Paul's cock until she came, squirting into Imogen's mouth. After recovering her breath, she continued fellating Paul until he was ready to decorate her hair with his jizz, and only them did she look up to see who was eating her out. She blinked, startled, then laughed. "Wow," she said. "I was wondering who was doing that so well."
Imogen stopped licking long enough to smile at her. "Want me to..."
"Keep going? I'm a bit overloaded, but if you're gentle..."
Imogen's smile widened. She cupped her right breast and rubbed it up and down Peewee's sodden cunt. "How's this?"
"Oh, that's fantastic." Paul staggered back to the seats, and Peewee used the next man's erection like a leash, dragging it towards her face. "Next!" she yelled, before filling her mouth with his swollen cock. Noah walked towards her, and Peewee's eyes widened as she tried to wrap her hand around the girth of his tool. Six blown, only thirty to go.
#
Gudrun was riding the Sybian in the gym when and playing with her tits when Imogen walked in. The women looked at each other without embarrassment; they'd shared a bed and several sex toys two nights before. "Dianne said I'd probably find you in here," said Imogen. She squatted before her and kissed her on the mouth. "Having a good time?"
Gudrun tasted unfamiliar cunt juice on her lips and tongue. "I gather you were. I thought you were watching the blowbang."
"I was. She's up to number 27. But when none of the men were going down on her, I thought, well, why should they have all the fun? And I know how much you like eating pussy, and how well you do it... I gather Dianne wasn't interested?"
"She still says she's straight."
"Nobody's perfect," said Imogen cheerfully. "Anyway, you want to come and see the show? Ben was going down on her when I left, but even good as he is, he's just keeping her warm for you."
"Why didn't you send him off to get the toys?" Gudrun asked, switching the machine off.
"My jaw was tired," Imogen admitted.
"So there is some justice in the world," Gudrun muttered. Making Imogen come had taken her nearly an hour, though it had been worth the effort.
"Are you coming or not?"
"Already did," said Gudrun, switching off the Sybian and getting to her feet. She followed Imogen back to the canteen, where Peewee was fellating the second cameraman and most of the women had turned up to see the show. Gudrun waited until Ben had given Peewee another toe-curling orgasm before taking his place. She kissed the circus performer's swollen clit, then inserted both thumbs into her sodden cunt and gently massaged the area around her clit with her fingertips as the cameraman pulled out and ejaculated into Peewee's hair. The audience watched as she blew the next two men, visibly impatient after spending more than hour edging themselves as they waited their turns. When the last man stood before her and both her hands were empty at last, she played with her nipples while sucking his balls and licking her way up and down his shaft and around the head of his cock, keeping him and the audience in suspense before wrapping her lips around the purple glans and slowly taking his seven inch length all the way down her throat, her nose tickling his scrotum. Barely four minutes later, the spectators burst into applause as he pulled his cock out of her talented mouth and spurted all over her face. The man stepped back, bowed to the audience, and staggered towards the nearest empty chair as Peewee sat up, scooping up as much of the the jizz as she could, and massaged it into her strawberry-blonde hair. "Thank you all so much for your contributions," she rasped. "Can someone please get me a beer?"
Gudrun looked at the thirty-six loads of cum oozed down Peewee's messy lob onto her back and shoulders, and laughed. "Now that," she said, loudly enough for Polina to hear, "is my sort of trickle-down effect."