THE CUM BAR
It's mid afternoon on a humid, too bright and too hot day. I was in front of one of my favorite cum bars in the red light district. I've been horny since this morning and looking for release, but business kept me from attending to it.
The pedestrian alley is a red light district, home to many establishments offering lewd entertainment.
If you don't know what a cum bar is, think of it as a marked down version of a blowjob bar. One that functions for the satisfaction of both parties. You don't get to have your dick blown by ugly wenches that you pay for their service, you just get to dump your load in the mouth of a pervert looking for it. As such, a cum bar is both the cheapest form of tension release, as one only pays for the overly priced drinks, and the quickest, as punters seldom hangout for long.
Also, don't expect much choice in the recipients department. Or quality. It's all random and more often than not, the mouths, as cum dumps are called, are anything but attractive.
Most of the mouths are men. Sometimes good looking, but more often not. Fat, or bearded, or middle aged, it's not pretty. They come in all ages, from barely legal to early sixties. I don't know why I haven't seen older, maybe the establishments refuse seniors.
The female mouths usually are either as young as the law allows or middle aged. I don't remember seeing more than a handful of women in their late twenties or thirties in many years. I've tried figuring out why is that and the only theory I could come up is that the middle aged are doing it because they feel they're losing their grace and femininity and soon no man will take an interest in them, and the young because they're think it's cool, or terrible.
A mouth would wear a distinctive sign for proper identification, in most cum bars it is a pink collar. When they wear it and for as long as they wear it, they're supposed to allow any man to cum in their mouth or on their face. Some don't wear any identification and they signal to those men they find interesting that they're available.
When I enter, the chill and the low light comes as a mild shock from the searing heat outside. I head for the bar and ask for a cold beer, before studying those in attendance.
There are about half dozen gentlemen at the bar and half dozen more scattered throughout, most of which pull at their dicks slowly. Eyes focused on just one spot.
Cum bars get busier in the evening, naturally, but even then, there'd be only a few mouths looking to serve the punters. Day time, like now, there may be one, two or no mouth available.
There's just one girl now, young and slim. My eyes are still adjusting and both distance and angle are suboptimal, but I say she's pretty. Looks like no older than twenty.
She is not wearing much clothing. A white shelf bra, leaving most of her perky tits exposed, nipples overhanging. Some sort of tube mini skirt and stockings. Her dark brown hair is tied in a bun behind her head.
I can barely make out the pink collar from where I sit.
Most mouths show up on their own, and when they come in twos or threes they usually split. When they don't, they're either a pair of girls, or a man and a girl or woman.
And sometimes there's a single girl in the company of a man, which is to say, the girl alone is a mouth. That's what is today, the girl sits on the left leg of a middle-aged man, wearing a white t-shirt and trousers.
I wait to cool off before moving to a better observation spot. I pick a tall chair and place it about four meters from the couple before sitting down.
The girl is a real hottie. She has a pretty face, too cute and angelic to be in place like this. Which is now decorated with drops of semen. She has plenty of visible piercings. Couple in each ear, left nostril, nipples and navel. I judge she must be 165 to 170 pounds.
The skirt resolves to be made of transparent fabric, printed in bright colors. The thin, white garter belt holding her tan stocking is visible underneath. There's a waist chain running through the ring in her belly button. The outfit is completed by high heeled thick soled white shoes, commonly worn by whores and teenagers.
The girl is looking back at the men around the bar, smiling widely. Her large, bright white teeth make for a perfect smile. When she is not studying the men, she gives her companion kisses, small and long alike. I feel I've seen this show already, and I don't like it. She's been here for only a short time as her face, is still too clean.
Be as it is, she's damn sexy, her tits and belly covered in fine beads of sweat. I'm horny and my dick is at full length. I hold it through the fabric of my trousers, pulling up and down.
A man from the bar moves and joins the couple. He plants himself in front of the girl, legs apart. She looks up, licking her lips. The guy jerks furiously right in her face. She opens her mouth wide, still looking the man in his eyes. Her left hand reaches for his balls for extra stimulation. I like her.
I've placed myself in a good position to observe it all, slightly to the right of the man sitting with the girl. The masturbator comes hard in the girl's wide open mouth, jet after jet. He lingers a little once he's done, and fades into oblivion. Good seeing you at the cum bar today!
The girl leans over her man and lets the load flow into his mouth. I really wish she didn't do that, I'm not big on bi games or men eating cum. Even when I do cum myself into a man's mouth in a cum bar, I do it with spite. Fuckers! Losers! Here, you deserve no better! The girls I like, the men... I don't know. I find the male cum eaters revolting.
The two in front of me kiss passionately. I imagine cum is moving freely between their mouths. I can see it streaming at the corners, mixed with their own saliva. What flows out, they lick from each other's face.
It's both disgusting and enthralling. I can't turn my head away. I pull my dick out and squeeze it.
Then the show repeats itself. Every few minutes, another man comes to deposit his savings. Some miss widely, and I reckon it's not all a mistake. All the same, the man licks the girl's face from chin to forehead, cheek to cheek, his tongue over her lips, nose, eyes.
I find this degenerate spectacle unreasonably arousing. So wrong and yet so maddening.
I've seen it before, to be sure. There's plenty of fucked up people in the world.
I give the girl's companion a second examination. Slim or skinny, frail looking, hair the color of straw. He's not ugly or anything, just not what most people hold for handsome.
Another pair of balls in her hand, another load dump in her mouth. The new man let's her suck his dick clean, slaps her face lightly. Tells her just what filthy whore she is. I don't know about the whore part, but you don't bring girls like her to see your parents.
The girl gargles with the last guy's sperm and the man holding her dutifully eats what flows out. The girl laughs mockingly, breaking the sensual tension, and she then turns to smile at the audience. Then it's more minutes of kissing and face licking.
I can't be sure, but it may be that one of the times I've seen such things before, it was the same two degenerates. One or two years ago, another cum bar. The girl would have looked younger still. That girl's hair was short and red, though my memories are fuzzy and hair length and color mean nothing. But if these two do this often in this town, as I suspect they do, we'd be bound the cross paths again.
I'm getting close and decide to make my move. I come by their side, trousers and underwear down on knees, erection raging in my hand.
The girl turns her head to face me. I run my thumb over her lips and hold her chip while she opens wide.
From up close, I can make details I've missed before. There are droplets of cum in her hair, of course there are. She has her tongue pierced and I put first my thumb and then two fingers in her mouth. She sucks dutifully. She's a good girl, the dirty bitch. And she wears panties. A small white triangle held in place by red strings. Her whorish looks make me wonder whether she is actually a prostitute.
Her hand and fingers expertly massage my balls. I wish more women had her skills. Then it arrives, my cumming long in the making. I grunt and I curse. Before the girl aligns my dick to her mouth, the first stream goes over her nose and in the corner of her right eye. And after the last one, I shake my dick over her lips.
I'm done but not just yet. I pick her jaw and examine her face, turning it gently left and right. She's pretty alright, much more so decorated with my spunk. I insert my thumb between her messy lips and open her mouth. She looks me in the eyes as I lean over her. It takes a while before the man nods in assent. I drop a long spit in the pretty mouth, over my earlier deposited sperm.
Then I'm really done. I turn away, pull my pants up and take residence back at the bar to have another beer. I pay no attention to what happens behind me. Ten or fifteen minutes later I leave, and on my way out I notice the two freaks are still at it.
Epilogue
A man and a girl walk the streets in the late afternoon. For her whorish looks, they appear as a punter and a whore.
They enter an apartment and with no words said, strip and fuck. They change positions every minute. The man kisses the girl, slaps her tits and face, stuff her butt hole with his fingers, all the while pounding her cunt. Not twenty minutes into the act, he cums inside her. Exhausted, he drops by her side, face up. The girl crawls over him, crotch over face. She pushes his spunk out of her pussy and into his open mouth. Though he's drained, she's restless, she did not get her release. She lies by his side, burying her face in his shoulder and her fist in her ass, fucking herself to orgasm.