Welcome to Chapter 13. You guys have been great and I appreciate the votes and emails very much! Keep them coming please! This one has quite a bit of story and of course some wild sex. The twins are relying more on their non-human abilities and starting to learn what kind of resolve they will need to ultimately complete their task. I hope you enjoy it.
*****
Nicole's Story:
I was very relieved Geran and Mom came to a truce. I was worried they would escalate until she took him off somewhere to kill him. She's so unpredictable and has a temper to melt steel. Family life is fucking stressful.
I woke up curled in Geran's arms. He was watching me. "Morning." He gave me a kiss. "How do you feel?"
I thought about it for a moment. "I feel very drained. Hungry. Thirsty. Very thirsty. Possibly horny." He handed me a quart of orange juice which I downed in one long gulp. He gave me another which I sipped. "Thanks. That helps a lot."
"I was completely amazed you were able to hold out and keep Mom's succubus at bay enough to keep me safe. You're a lot stronger than everyone gives you credit for."
I gave him a very concerned look. "Geran, I didn't hold her back. I failed. I felt her power overwhelming you and me and I couldn't break us apart fast enough to save you."
"But you did. I'm here."
"No. You don't understand. I got a MASSIVE influx of power from multiple sources. Almost a legion of minds adding their power to me to keep you safe. Mom doesn't know. They were so subtle and secretive I wouldn't even know except I felt my own power fail. You should've been devoured mind and soul last night. They saved you."
We were silent for a while. Then he asked, "Any ideas of the source or sources?"
I nodded, "Yeah, the same ones you're thinking of. Angela and an army at her command. I don't know of any others. Although, there were these completely alien sources of energy flowing through me that kept me from burning in the awesome power of what we're assuming came from Angela. I don't know where they came from or even what they would be."
Geran looked very thoughtful and I knew he was calculating possible forces that would aid us. I let him think while I tried to regain my strength with the OJ.
"I need to get up and check something. Won't take a minute."
He went to our closet and opened our little dimensional safe. "Nicole. Come look at this."
I went over and peered into the safe. "Didn't we have more books than that in there?"
"We did. And considerably less ash. One of the books sacrificed itself to protect you as absolutely absurd as that sounds. It or they were the alien presence. Or perhaps Angela used the entire book to save us. Regardless, our guardian angel saved our bacon again and luckily we gave her the support she needed."
He paced a bit. "Every time we get one answer a dozen more questions pop up. Class is cancelled for today. I need to study these books. You need to rest and regain your strength. What would you like to do later?"
I fidgeted for a minute. "Geran, don't be angry or disappointed with me, but I need to be away from you and Mom for a few hours. Your minds are still raking against mine and it feels like sandpaper. I just need to get me back to me without any mental interaction. I would like to have a second date with Vince if he's available and spend the night having mindless sex. Would you be ok with that?"
He smiled at me, "Nicole, anything for you. Come back to me when you feel rested and whole again. I will miss you though. You could always let me watch your memories tomorrow." He held me tightly. "We need to make contacting Angela a VERY high priority tomorrow."
"I agree. I love you. Now let me sleep. I'll be back in your bed tomorrow."
I lay in bed texting Vince and polishing off my juice. Of course Mr. Horny Cat wanted my pussy. Men are so easy to manipulate, but I would never do that to Geran. We have become so addicted to each other it has gotten scary. I need him so much. I got up and found some of his worn clothes and brought them to bed with me so I could smell him while I slept.
Geran's Story:
Nicole's drained state alarmed me. Angela's intervention alarmed me. We had way too many fires to put out. I put the seven remaining tomes into a leather satchel with various protective sigils embroidered into the leather. A few minutes later I was banging on Meister's big door.
It opened and he was sitting at his desk as usual. Actually it was a brand new desk. I walked in and sat in the chair I liked best. "Don't you ever do anything besides sit your fat, lazy ass at that desk and wait for me and Nicole to knock on your door?"
"Yeah, punk. I do lots of other things, but I ain't doin' 'em right now. Understand?" He glowered at me. "Why did you show your ugly mug here alone? At least bring me that sweet morsel of your better half to heal my weary eyes."
"Well, we had a VERY busy day or two."
"I heard part of it. Slitter put a fucking huge bounty on you two. I put a bigger one on her if she or anyone else messes with you two. You'll pay me back of course. With interest. So give me the lowdown on your encounter with her. No one has ever damaged her like you guys did."
He ordered us some drinks and snacks as I relayed a fairly unedited version of the events. He chortled with extreme menace in his rumbly voice. "Shit, Kid, there's hope for your candyass yet. You guys have relieved me of years of pointless and boring plotting and scheming. You two stumble around like the proverbial bulls in china shops and are stirring up more shit than you can imagine. And you ain't even begun to invoke your true powers. So open the bag and let's have a look at the booty."
I pulled out one book at a time and only pulled a second when the first was returned to the satchel. Meister was thumbing the first book with his massive fingers when he suddenly paused and smelled his fingertips.
"There was another book," he muttered. "You smell this? Touch the bindings and sniff your fingers."
I did. It was a sickly sweet vinegar odor, but it was faint.
"Burn that scent into your memory, Squirt. That is the smell of the very highest of sacrificial magic. At least one hundred entities were sacrificed with that book to protect something of extreme value. What?"
He was looking at me. I felt faint and the room seemed to be spinning.
"Truth?" I asked.
"Geran, this is the coldest, hardest, truth of all time and I'm playing this completely straight with you. You know what was protected with that sacrifice and you have a good idea of the spellcaster, the victims, but you do not know what that book contained. Did I miss anything?"
I shook my head not trusting my voice. He pulled out a bottle of scotch and poured me a shot. "Drink."
I started to push it away. "Damnit don't make me pour it down your throat, Junior."
I downed it in one gulp and we sat in silence while the alcohol dulled the shock. "Thanks. Yes I do know most of the pieces and there were some books that seemed almost attracted to Nicole. Almost protective. The burned book was one of them. I can't recall the title any longer."
He grunted. "You and no one else alive will ever remember anything about that book. That's the way that type of magic works. All the dead sacrificed will remember it. You up for going through these remaining books or you wanna go home for a while?"
I steeled myself. "No. No. Let's keep going. I need this info. Are all these books designed to be used that way?"
He snorted again. "Not a chance. Each book is worth more than all the riches on this planet. Sacrificing the book was a million times more devastating than losing those hundred or so. To use one that way is a last resort, no other options, do or die action. Or the individual using it was trying to use it up to get one less safety net out of the way for you. Or they just weren't very smart and didn't think through their available options. We'll never know because that individual no longer knows.
"These books are created and designed to aid the world in the preparation for the Apocalypse. Well, some of them are. This one should help you find the Third. The Fourth is Death and it ALWAYS finds you. When the time is right Death will appear.
"Let's skim these and figure out where you should start. And yes, the knowledge in these books gives me a hell of an advantage over my rivals and compatriots so you're giving me an edge I could've never hoped to have."
I was trying to absorb everything he was telling me, but I kept thinking about Angela and what she did. Over a stupid, simple bonding night with Mom.
"Kid! Kid! Geran! Snap out of it!" I looked up and Meister was blurry. My eyes were filled with tears and they wouldn't stop.
"Geran, this is NOT your fault. Someone else made the decision to use the book that way. Not you. Not Nicole. And for all hers sins, not your mother. I know you're young and you've just been dropped into the most important war of an age. You've got to choose your times to grieve carefully. Choose the wrong time and it could be your sister on the slab. You're smart and the best natural tactician I've seen. Let your strengths guide you.
"This is not going to be a good time to review these books. I want you to reach out to two people. One is my half-sister. She's strong like me, but drop dead gorgeous and a smartass to boot. You'll love her. We don't get along much.
"The other is one of your sisters. One of the failed attempts between your mom and her pet angel that she let live. She's also gorgeous and a top notch sorceress. She prefers having her demonic features showing. She will want something in trade for helping you but she's so damn unpredictable I can't even guess what it will be. And it won't be the same thing each time.
"Here's a bottle of my private reserve. Go wrap yourself around it and sleep it off. Start fresh tomorrow.
"I'm guessing you two are pretty safe until the full moon then I think you better be prepared for another attack."
I nodded. "I came to the same conclusion."
I took the bottle and my books and teleported to the basement of the almost finished fortress. I needed Nicole with me. I tried dialing my half-sister. It was bizarre. She answered before the call should have connected.
"Meister finally sold me out? You want to see me in person? If you're certain I'll be there. OK, give me a minute." Well that was the oddest non-conversation I've ever had. I don't know how she got her answers, but they were the right ones. I drank some and waited.
About twenty minutes later the air in front of me shimmered and broke into a thousand colors. A stunning blond girl came through and the colors winked out. I was starting to wonder if the physical beauty was a vanity of our parents. Or it could be the succubus / incubus nature. The physical aspect made the seduction all that much easier.
She wasn't wearing much; just a leather bikini type outfit. She was super toned and sporting a sexy six pack. She wasn't holding back her true nature either. She had full horns, fangs, and a long tail.
"Hi Little Brother. What seems to be your issue that Meister revealed me?" She sat in my lap and seemed sincere in her question.
I don't know if I was weak or she pulled some stunt on me but I found myself spilling my guts to her about almost everything. She was a good listener and asked questions here and there. I talked for a long time. When I ran out of words we sat in silence for a few minutes.
I started to notice her. I mean really notice her. She was fairly pale and her long blond hair was perfectly straight. Her body was incredible. She had smallish breasts but they fit her perfectly. She smiled as she saw me checking her out and felt my dicks start to get hard. She wiggled a little in my lap to use her thigh to better feel them getting erect.
"So you finally decided figured out I'm a woman, huh? We'll fuck soon. I need your essence. Your problem is fairly simple if you allow it to be." She was speaking to me as if I was retarded or three years old. Or both.
"Nicole would not have this same dilemma. It boils down to this: You are in a war. Wars create situations. Those situations require decisions. Those decisions or lack thereof create casualties. Or corpses if you prefer. You are not in a Gandhi scenario here. You opponents are violent and delight in carnage. You have two choices: One - sacrifice yourself. Two - get used to it and accept you will see many individuals die - sometimes horribly - during this conflict until you change the world or fail."
I thought for a minute. "That seems like an oversimplification of the situation."
She sighed. "Are you being intentionally stupid? War IS simple. It's survive or die. The end."
"Yeah, but..."
"Stand up."
We stood facing each other. She suddenly turned into fluid violence unleashing a storm of kicks and punches to me. I defended for a minute or two and then started hitting back. She stopped.
"Why did you hit me back?"
"You were beating the crap out of me. I was trying to get you to stop."
"In essence, survive or die. That's all there is to war, Little Brother. Everything else, the weapons, tactics, whatever, everything else is just an accessory."
It sunk in. "I got it. I don't like it, but I got it. Thank you."
"You don't have to like it. And your thanks are meaningless. I want payment. But first I want you. I've never fucked a relative and I want to see what you've got. I don't think you'll last more than a few minutes, but I still want to see." She began stripping.
"Uhm, this is kinda cold and clinical for me. Can we, you know, play around and get in the mood? Kiss and fondle? That sort of thing?" I asked while undressing.
"No. I don't have the time for that. You naked? Good. Let's do this." She reached a glowing finger out and pressed it to my chest. The next thing I knew I was extremely horny and fucking her as hard as I could. She looked sexy as hell under me moaning softly. Her legs were spread wide, her arms over her head, and her breasts were bouncing.
"You're not bad, Little Brother. Fuck me harder. I want to cum."
She turned up my arousal even more and I was fucking her even harder. I started using my corruption wave through my cocks. She smiled, "That feels nice."
Nice? I made the corruption wave as strong as I could.
"Yeah, that's more like it. Now let me show you what I can do. You ready Little Brother?"
Her pussy and ass began to pulsate. It felt like a thousand tiny fingers gripping and stroking my cocks and super stimulating every sensitive spot on them. The pleasure sent every nerve into overload and I had the most explosive orgasm of my life. I collapsed on top of her still climaxing.
She licked my ear and whispered, "How long would you like to cum for Little Brother?"
She rolled over so she was on top and rode me hard. She was still overloading my nerves and I was nearly paralyzed with my super orgasm. I kept cumming the entire time she fucked me and she did not let me pass out. When she was satisfied she moved up so her breasts were in my face.
"You're not bad. A little training and we might make a half-way decent incubus of you yet. You're ok for seducing humans, but until you can truly seduce and make a high level demon submit you're just an amateur."
She abruptly changed the subject. "Show me these books."
She caressed and smelled each one without opening them. "You start with this one. It's called the Book of Horn. It's the only surviving text of the last Horsemen. It's pretty much a personal diary of the first three. Lots of fluff so you'll have to sift for the nuggets of true information."
She re-sniffed two others and selected one. "I'm taking this one as my payment. When you can seduce and dominate me you'll be ready for it and I'll give it back. I like you Little Brother. We're going to have lots of fun together. Nicole's about to call you. Play dumb so she wins. See you around."
Before I could say anything she stepped through the colors again and was gone. I was still in a semi-orgasmic state and pretty disoriented when Nicole called me.
Nicole's Story:
I had invited Vince out on this date so I was driving and paying. I picked the smallest car so he would be the closest to me while I drove. It was a stick which meant he would get to see my legs moving a lot. My shorts were SHORT. The bottom of my ass peeked out of them.
I got to Vince's place and he came out wearing shorts and a t-shirt. I had told him very casual. He got in the car and before he could say anything I leaned over and gave him a nice tongue kiss.
"Nice to see you too Nicole! So what are our plans for this evening?" He asked when I released him.
"Well, last time you kept saying Putt-Putt which made me want to do that so we're going to play a few rounds, then hit an outdoor burger joint. After that it's a surprise!"
I was shifting and getting us moving in the right direction. "We could always continue our little game if you want to know more about me." My pheromones were going wild and I wasn't quite certain why. I know he was getting aroused smelling them. Mom and I needed to spend some time together tomorrow before I got really out of control.
"OK, I'll start with one to make you blush. You have the most amazing legs of any girl I've ever seen. Do you do anything special to them?" he asked staring at them. Then he reached over and ran his hand over my thigh.
"Nope." I answered.
"That's it?"
"Yep." I kept silent a minute and then burst into laughter. "You're too easy! There are several reasons. They are proportionately long to my size. They are very tan. They are very toned. My skin is very clear as well. If you look closely you can see I don't have any hair follicles like everyone else. I don't shave my legs because there isn't any hair or hair follicles there. It makes a huge difference in how they look.
"In fact, other than my landing strip above my dripping wet pussy there are no follicles on my body from my neck down. My face is similarly affected. I still have eyebrows and eyelashes and my regular hair is very thick. Maybe to make up for the lack of hair everywhere else."
Vince leaned over in the car to look closely at my thighs. "Yeah, that's really hot and it does make them incredible to look at."
I glanced at him, "My turn? Did you like fucking my mouth, my ass, or my pussy the best?"
He adjusted his dick and I smiled at him. "OOOOOK. Going off the deep in right from the get go. Pussy. Your muscles in your pussy squeeze and massage me when I'm in you. The sensations are more intense."
I was thoughtful for a moment. "Thanks, I didn't realize. I need to work on my skills more then. Here's the Putt-Putt place. Ready to get your ass whooped?" I put my hand flat on my belly and slowly pushed it down into my shorts. I guided a finger into my wet slit and coated it in my juices while Vince was answering me.
"Nicole, you don't have that kinda skill." He snorted at me.
I reached over and wiped my wet finger on his upper lip and into the bottom of his nose. With his enhanced smell that should drive him wild all evening. "Oh yeah. I definitely do!" I reached over and unzipped him and started giving him an intense blowjob in the parking lot. I worked him like crazy and made him blow his load in less than four minutes. I swallowed all of it; kissed his cheek and got out of the car. I walked with an exaggerated sway in my hips towards the building. I heard Vince running up behind me.
I felt hornier than I had ever felt in my life. I think I was radiating it. Between that and my outfit I think every male in the place was getting an erection.
"Hey! Nicole! Are you ok?" Vince asked while holding me up.
"I need to sit and a cold drink," I whispered.
Vince carefully put me on a bench and went to get me a cold Coke. He was back very quickly or I was just out of it. He held the straw to my lips and I sipped the cold liquid.
He was holding me upright and rubbing my back. "Are you ok?"
I drank a bit more. "Yeah, I need a few minutes. I'll take that as a game question. I feel a little warm though. Can you get me a few more drinks?"
He put his hand on my arm then my forehead. "You are burning up. I mean REALLY hot." He picked me up and quickly carried me to an ice vending bin and ripped the door off. He placed me inside it and I began to feel better immediately.
"Let me sit here for a minute."
"You got it." The putt-putt place owner came out yelling at Vince for destroying the ice bin. Vince handed him a wad of bills and told him to fuck off. It got heated until Vince gave him more cash and a low growl that sent him running.
"Vince, I'm really sorry if I embarrassed you or made you uncomfortable."
He stroked my arm, "Nicole, I'm fine. You ready to come out? Believe it or not your heat has melted - let's see," he began counting bags of water and empty bags. "Nicole, you've melted over a hundred pounds of ice in under thirty minutes. I'm taking you home."
I shook my head. "I'll be my old self in just a minute and I've really been looking forward to this."
We sat for a minute more and suddenly I felt fine. "We better go to a different place though." We piled back into my car and found another one.
I got out and stretched sexily, "OK, Vince! I'm ready!" I grabbed his hand and led him up to the ticket counter. I got us some putters and I got a red ball for me and a blue ball for him. I sniggered as I handed it to him.
He looked at me. I gave him a very innocent look and told him, "You'll have three by the end and you'll have been beaten by a little girl!"
We played three rounds and I made certain to bend a lot and give him great views of my legs and the bottom of my ass. We made a bet - the winner got a favor from the loser. I won one round and Vince won two so I owed him a favor. Fucker.
We got back in the car and drove to the restaurant. We ordered and sat at an outdoor table. I think every guy there was staring at me. The good news is I appreciated it without having my libido going ballistic. Barely.
After dinner we got back in the car. I started driving and Vince was curious as to our destination. I hadn't told him yet. He started laughing when I pulled into the parking lot of a Motel 6 and got out of the car.
He looked at me, "Are you serious?"
I nodded, "You said on our first date you wanted to take me to Motel 6, get me drunk, and fuck me. Well, here is the motel." I pulled a key out of my purse and waved it. "I have a room, so now we just need to get drunk and fuck. So come on!"
I unlocked our room and held the door open. He got out of the car and entered the room. There were loads of snacks and drinks that I had already bought and delivered. The room was clean and had a king size bed and yet still had that seedy atmosphere that made this seem like a real 'cheating on my husband affair.'
"After last time I decided I wanted to have sex in a bed and I wanted to stay out all night so a hotel room seemed the best choice. And believe it or not I like the seedy atmosphere." I pulled his shirt off; yanked the covers from the bed and pushed him onto it.
He looked at me, "I like the way you think. This will be a fun night!"
I pulled my top off and jumped onto the bed beside him. "I know this doesn't seem nearly as spontaneous or 'date' like but if you can live with it I'd like to experience a night in a bed with you." I put my head on his bare chest and smelled his scent.
Vince ran his hands over my back, "This is great. I just hope you can handle the pounding you're gonna get tonight and aren't so sore you can't walk tomorrow."
I sat up and straddled him pressing my crotch on his and grinding into it. "You think this lump of cock-meat can make MY pussy sore? What kinda fantasyland you living in boy?"
He put his hands on my waist and ran them up to my breasts and squeezed them. "Baby, I'm going to tear you apart tonight." He pulled on my nipples making me moan. "I might even do you a favor and leave your ears alone. It'll be all you can do to handle me inside your slit."
"You are so full of shit! I'm going to drain your balls until they look like BB's and turn your miserable dick into a shrunken limp noodle that won't work for a month" I stood up and undid my shorts and took them off and threw them across the room. I looked down at him in my nude glory. "Look at you Pencil-Dick! You're about to cum just looking at me and smelling me."
"Nicole, I'm going to end you're silly smack talk." He was taking his clothes off while he talked. "I'm gonna get you back for making me smell your cunt all evening. And I'm gonna make you walk bowlegged for a fucking week!"
He grabbed my legs and flipped me onto my hands and knees. Without warning he rammed his pole all the way in with one shove and began fucking the shit out of me. I wasn't giving in that easily though.
"I can uh uh uh uh barely feel mmmmmmmm your limp dick uh uh uh uh inside me. Ooooooooooooohhhhhhh are you even uh uh mmmmm all the way hard uh uh uh uh you fucking pussy shit shit shit!" I couldn't help moaning. He felt good in me. I was really getting into the competitive fucking.
He slapped my ass hard making me cum again. "Pencil-Dick huh? Since you lost the bet here's what you're gonna do you fucking slut! I've got your cell phone in my hand and I'm dialing Geran. You have to talk to him for three full minutes while I fuck you and you can't let on what we're doing. No mental speak; no moaning; no panting; no nothing. Think you can handle that Princess!? You want to bet on it?"
I wasn't sure I could do it, but he made my competitive side stand up and speak without thinking. "I can handle oh shit I'm cumming aaaahhhhhhh anything your shrimp dick harder harder fuck my cunt can dish out! AAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH! You're going so deep in me uh uh uh uh uh!"
"Close your mind whore!" he commanded.
"I mmmmmmm did!" I gasped.
He placed the phone at my ear and started a timer on his. Geran picked up, "Nicole? You ok?"
I dug my fingernails into my hand to try to help me focus. "Hi Geran!" Shit! What was I going to talk about?! "Yes! Everything is...fine! Vince had to...take a leak...with his cock...so I thought I'd call you and see...how my hubby was doing! So what are you...up to?" Fuck! Only twenty seconds gone!
Vince started fucking me harder.
Geran replied, "You sound a little out of breath. Did you go to the Lazer Tag thing?"
"YES!! Uhm, Lots of running...and I'm a little... out of breath!"
"Well, everything is fine here. Celeste has been a complete and total cock-tease like in the good old days. She left a little while ago without putting out. Kinda frustrating." I was barely listening and biting my tongue and lips to stay quiet. Almost down to two minutes remaining. Maybe I could do it if I could keep him talking!
"What did...she say? What was...she doing?" THAT would keep him talking! I felt my victory was in hand.
Geran started talking and I tried to refocus while watching the countdown. I'm going to make it! I'm going to let Vince really have it with MY bet prize. Forty-five seconds to go! Vince can't fuck me any harder! I got this! And then I felt a second cock force its way into my ass and the surface of both heads on the invading cocks felt like mild sandpaper.
"FUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCKKKKKKKKK!! FUCK!FUCK!FUCK!FUCK!FUCK! VINCE! STOP FOR A UHHHHHHHHHHH MINUTE! YOU'RE MAKING ME AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH CUM HARDER THAN I CAN AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH TAKE!!" I was screaming at the top of my lungs in the most intense fucking orgasm I've ever had. I think Geran was saying something but I don't know where the phone went.
I tried squeezing down on him to make him cum but that just made my climaxes even more intense. Fuck it! I squeezed hard and had an orgasm that made me pass out.
When I woke up I was still climaxing but I felt Vince shooting his loads in me too. I could see his stopwatch. I was out for about an hour and he never stopped fucking me. I felt him pull out and cum running down my legs. He flipped me around so I was half lying on top of him and my face was up near his.
"Fucking hell Vince! What was that?"
He chuckled, "This isn't a 'no power' date so I grew another dick and made the heads of my dicks have the same texture as a cat's tongue. By the way, you lost that bet too."
I got up and grabbed some drinks and a candy bar. "Vince, you have to teach Geran that trick! That was the hardest orgasm I've ever had." I stretched out on the bed and rested my torso on his leaning on my arm. "I hadn't thought about using powers. Although if I reach into my succubus stuff this date may be over very quickly. I just haven't learned how to control it properly. I guess I'll have to settle for being fucked silly on this date.
"Although, you've been working hard and your sweaty body smell is turning me on!" I began licking his chest and worked my way to a nipple. I licked and nibbled and then bit drawing a small drop of blood.
"OW! Hey! Watch the teeth!" He complained. The taste of blood gave me an idea. I grew my little fangs out and nailed his jugular. I started drinking his blood and injecting him with some of my pheromones. I got away with it for about five minutes before the pheromones took effect and he threw me off of him and on my back. I lay there spread eagled and let him ravish me. Since I absorbed his blood I had a little of his abilities temporarily and I made the interior of my pussy and ass have the cat tongue texture.
Five strokes later his was shooting another load into me. I lay under him enjoying the sensations and started giggling.
He kissed my neck, "What's funny?"
"That cat tongue is way more effective on you than me. Of course, having my nude body under you completely helpless while you fuck the shit out of it can't hurt either. And I'm still lying here spread wide and helpless. You wouldn't take advantage of me again, would you?" I asked squeezing my pussy muscles on him.
He began gently pumping in and out of me. "Mmmmmmm, Vince that feels good. No cat tongue for a while. Just make love to me. Kiss me."
For the next hour we kissed deeply. We made love slowly and passionately and we only used two positions: missionary and me on top. When he finally climaxed he was on top.
He stayed on top of me for a while and then slid off and out of me. I pushed him on his back and snuggled up close putting my head on his chest and licking the sweat off of him.
"Let's watch a little TV and maybe take a nap. Then I will probably give you a blowjob." I murmured.
Vince found a soft core porno and I scooted up and we were both leaning against the headboard munching on snacks and drinking sodas. I gently fondled his body and he did the same with mine. Before the movie ended his dick was buried in my throat and I was happily sucking it. After he came and I swallowed it all I could tell he was falling asleep. I wrapped my hand around his dick and pressed his cock against my face. I drifted off as well.
I awaken sometime later with his erection rubbing over my face. I smiled and looked up at him. "You ready for more?"
He pulled me up to him for a kiss. "Nicole, I can't imagine that anyone can keep up with you. But yes, I would like to go again. It's close to five a.m. I would like you to be on top so I can play with your amazing body."
"I can manage that, but let's throw a new sheet down. This one is soaked in our cum."
"Yours more than mine. Your pussy is very wet."
"And you like it that way." I grabbed his thick meat and lowered myself onto him not stopping until it was in as far as it could go. I gazed into his eyes while I began humping him firmly. I took his hands and placed them on my thighs and pulled them up my body to my boobs.
He squeezed them; fondled them; pulled my nipples; and worked them over. He held my waist and pulled me onto him harder as his climax neared. Just as he was ready to blow I stopped and let him calm down. I did that to him five times before I let him have his release.
I kept him inside me while we talked. "Vince, thanks for letting me have a fuckfest with you. I needed it. Before we leave can you double-dick cat tongue texture me into oblivion again?"
He flicked one of my nipples, "I thought you'd never ask! So what was the deal with sucking my blood? You still have your fangs by the way which are cute."
I licked my tongue over them. "It was a spur of the moment thing. But your blood tastes really good! There is a lot of life in it. I figured it might give me an edge in our little 'competition.'
"I really haven't used my fangs much. Geran's blood is the only other blood I've drunk. I suppose I should get more practice. You ever drink anyone's blood?"
"Me? No, no I've never had the desire or the opportunity."
"Does my doing it freak you out?"
"Honestly? It does a little. It's kinda like swimming with a big shark I suppose. It's a thrill but somewhat unnerving." He put his hands on my waist. "Nicole, have you lost weight? Your waist is a little smaller than it used to be. No other parts of your body look like any weight has been lost but you definitely have a more feminine shape due to your waist."
"I wasn't aware of it. With my metabolism changing like it is perhaps I'm losing some weight?"
He kept his hands on me. "You do look more feminine with a narrower waist. Try not to lose anymore though. You've got such a yummy hard body and yet at times it looks so soft." He traced his fingers over my belly and lightly probed my belly button.
"Mmmmmmmm. I like when you explore me. By the way, if you can't wake me after you fuck me unconscious just call Geran to come get me." His fingers were sifting through my landing strip now. "Do you like my little patch of fur? I know the in thing now is to be completely bald but I like the feeling of having the patch there. No fur on my labia though."
He kept feeling it, "I usually like my women bald, but this strip fits you. Don't shave it. It's very soft and not wiry like most pubic hair. Which reminds me. I want to introduce you and Geran to my new girlfriend. She's hot and kinky like you guys so we should have some wild times together."
"I felt your cock twitch in me. Are you wanting something? Or thinking about your new slut?" I teased him.
He smiled at me. "No, I still thinking about the slut I'm inside. I'm going to make you go absolutely crazy. Let me on top."
We switched positions and he began sweating. "Lick and smell my sweat!" I did and kept doing it. I felt myself starting to get incredibly horny.
I gasped at him while breathing and licking his essence, "You're using your own pheromones aren't you?"
"Oh yeah. Can you feel it?" He began thrusting slowly in me and I felt his second cock enter me. I nodded and kept smelling him. "Do you want them bigger?"
"Uh uh just a little mmmmmmmm longer but a good bit AH THICKER!" My orgasms were delicious and rapid. I began moaning loudly and screaming when he increased the girth. Then I felt the cat tongue start. He began really pounding and fucking me HARD and fast. I slipped into a constant state of climaxing and then my orgasms became exponentially more intense. My last conscious thought was opening my mind to Geran's and connecting.
*I love you so much!* Then I was in orgasmic bliss. I'm pretty certain I stayed conscious in my bliss for a few hours while Vince hammered me. I felt him building to a massive orgasm and remember begging him to cum inside me. When he did my own orgasm became even stronger and I passed out.
Undisclosed Location:
The hissing was enraged. Again. "Someone shut that gibbering sack of protoplasm the hell up!"
The second waved an extension of itself and the volume of the insane laughter became almost silent. He looked at his angry partner in their endeavors. "Do you think there is anything more to be gained by having it in our little cabal?"
"NO! It's lost all sanity by choosing that form in this place!"
"I am very tempted to agree. We need its allies and its forces, but we have no access to any of them in its current state. I suppose we could force it to cease its existence in the corporeal form and hope it remembers enough to return in a more lucid and stable form. We have some time. Shall we initiate the process?"
"Yes! The sooner the better! We need all our forces ready for the full moon!"
They combined their sorcerous might and made it happen. It actually occurred much faster than they expected.
The third reappeared. "Why did you idiots wait so long?" His new form radiated power and cold, calculating hatred. "The full moon is fast approaching and you two have been blundering along like eunuchs in a whorehouse. Here is the plan for our preparations for the event. We WILL be ready and you two WILL carry your weight this time." There was a heavy 'or else' hanging in the air.
The other two thought perhaps they were better off with the insane partner.
Mom Interjects Again:
I was very pleased with my two children. They went to great lengths to make me a part of the family. Then Geran disappeared. With some effort I found him in the fortress with one of my daughters. Nicole went on her date and by the time I had found Geran and checked on her she was rutting with the cat creature Vince.
Those two books troubled me. They represented the very darkest of magic and spells. Just one of them could completely disrupt the Apocalypse. Or pervert it until the resulting future was and obscenity and atrocity where even the Elder Gods would fear to walk.
The legends, if they can be believed, relate they are the dead and bound souls of two dark gods from the beginning of time. There are more of these books and I assume they are also in the Black Library. I had never encountered them in my life, nor met anyone who had so I had assumed they didn't really exist. They were just stories to frighten children.
The issue I had was I did not have the power to destroy them. I didn't know of anyone or any group who could. They belonged back in the safety of the Black Library and I couldn't take them there. The books themselves would prevent Geran from returning them.
Those two books could ruin thousands of years of the most careful planning. I had to eliminate those books from the playing field. Even the most powerful of weapons has a vulnerability of some sort.
To be continued...