Chapter 2 : Going Out
Recap -- Sarah has received three gifts from her boyfriend and occasional master, Matt: a little black dress, which she is currently wearing; an Android phone that is currently tucked into her cleavage; and a custom sex toy made from a vibrating butt plug and a two pronged vibrator that can stimulate her clitoris and g-spot separately. After trying it on, she's discovered that it can be controlled remotely via her phone and that it can't be removed without receiving painful electric shocks to her pussy and ass. The “Franken-Dildo” is currently reacting to calls and text messages received by nearby phones -- a fact Sarah has just discovered when the taxi announced its arrival.
Sarah took a long look at herself in the mirror by her front door. The figure hugging dress made her look good, but she could see her eyes betraying her nervousness. The tightness of the dress alleviated most of her fears about her lack of underwear, but introduced a whole new world of worry -- would anyone be able to tell she had a silicone toy in her ass?
She held her keys in her hand and tried to stare down her reflection. Matt's last instructions had been simple -- add nothing to her outfit apart from shoes and get her butt into the taxi. No cash, no keys, no escape route. Matt would pay for anything they did and had keys to let her back into her house, but she'd be entirely at his mercy.
With a sigh, she walked back to the kitchen, put her keys back amongst their kin on the brushed steel hooks inside the cupboard door and instead selected a single key, the powerful little magnet on its grip clicking as she freed it.
Collecting her favourite pair of heels from their temporary resting place on the stairs, she summoned up all her confidence and stepped barefoot into the cool dusk air, pulling the door shut behind her with a gentle thunk.
Parked half on the curb, boxing in her little Toyota, sat a familiar dark grey Volkswagen estate with its rotund owner stood patiently at its side like a scruffy limo driver. Sarah waved in relief.
“Evening Ananda! How are you doing?”
“I am doing good, thank you Miss Sarah.”
Ananda's clipped Indian accent and old fashioned ways gave him the air of a trusted man servant in a film about the British Empire -- the sort of man who would manage to serve high tea from bone china on a battlefield. An accent that had started off as a bet amongst taxi drivers but which Ananda found had inexplicably led to more relaxed customers and better tips. It amused Sarah that he'd continued the act after drunkenly explaining his logic to her when she and Matt had bumped into him at a pub the year before.
Sarah stopped for a moment by her MR2, leaning on its flank and making a show of sliding her feet into her shoes to distract attention from her free hand tucking the magnetic key under the wheel arch. Was she technically breaking Matt's rules if she didn't bring the key with her? What he didn't know wouldn't hurt him. She'd hidden the key a dozen times now but she'd never needed to use it, and Matt had never learnt of its presence. Its mere existence made her feel more secure.
As always, Ananda opened the Passat's back passenger door as Sarah approached, and stared straight ahead, pretending to ignore her curves. As always, Sarah stopped short of the door and turned around slowly.
“What do you think, Ananda? Will I pass?”
The driver pretended to notice Sarah's attire for the first time, and looked her up and down theatrically.
“You are looking very nice, Miss Sarah. It is a very nice dress. It suits you well. And the shoes? They are Mr Boutain's red shoes, yes? It is a special night?”
Sarah laughed and settled awkwardly on the back seat. “Christian Louboutain, but yes. Thank you Ananda. And yes, I think it will be a special night.”
As Ananda pulled away from the curb towards some undisclosed destination, Sarah shuffled in the seat, trying to find a position that didn't feel as if the butt plug was poking into her ribcage. How did she get into these positions, she wondered. Here she was in the back of a taxi heading God knows where, wearing nothing but a black dress and a pair of Louboutain Simple Kid's, no keys, no money, no ID and no-one knew the number for the phone nestling between her boobs.
And, of course, the Franken-Dildo.
It ought to be terrifying, but the worst Sarah was feeling was nervous -- a fact that she blamed on the rum and the gentle vibrations that kept pulsing through her crotch every time Ananda's busy phone received a message or updated control to his location. The shock she felt from the first message at home had gone, and she found herself looking forward to the next time the three little motors would start their vibrations. By slouching down in her seat slightly, she discovered she could push the butt plug forward so it felt like the vibrations were deep inside her pussy.
Sarah felt the VW's engine surge as they joined the dual carriageway that led back towards the city and Sarah's office. Ananda apparently holding little regard for the speed limit, pushed up to motorway speed and beyond, settling in the “fast” lane at just above 80mph. Sarah peered through the tinted windows at the drivers they passed. Every so often they'd pass someone apparently talking to themselves and Sarah would feel the plug start a slow rumble while the two pads on her clit and g-spot pulsed out of time with each other. This thing obviously “heard” phone conversations as well as text alerts.
Sarah realised she was getting desperate for more action from the toys, watching for cars in the slower lanes and trying to guess if they'd make her crotch tingle from the type of car or the way it was being driven. Each pulse nudged her gently in the right direction but the speed of Ananda's driving meant that nothing had a chance to properly stimulate her.
Ananda signalled, twitched across two streams of traffic, and fired the car up a slip road towards the busier city streets. Coming to a halt at the lights that topped the junction, Sarah found herself hoping for the first time that a set of lights would stay stuck on red forever -- the driver of the battered Volvo estate ahead of them was having an enthusiastic argument with a distant party and Sarah lent back further in her seat, enjoying the first prolonged burst of activity the toys had given her. Unconsciously, she started breathing more deeply, her hips rocking back and forth slightly as one of the WiiVibe vibrators repeatedly increased in power and then dropped back down to almost nothing.
Gently chewing on the inside of her lip, eyes closed, Sarah felt everything around her fade slightly from her awareness, even Ananda's dubious taste in music seeming to fade out as the vibrations took control. Her mind started flitting from fantasy to fantasy, memory to memory: Matt's hands on her naked back and hips as he kissed her tenderly; the feel of his cock deep inside her ass; being slowly undressed and feeling his teeth on her nipples; the feeling of rough bricks on her arse as he pinned her to an alley wall and pressed his cock up against her wet cunt... What the fantasy Matt couldn't do in physical sensations he could more than make up for in being everywhere at once.
Sarah felt the taxi start to move forward and she braced herself for the sensations to come to end. Instead, Ananda's phone started shrilly whistling music from Kill Bill, and all three motors started pulsing their familiar rhythm.
“I'm sorry, Miss Sarah, I must take this call...” Ananda picked up the phone and started chattering in what Sarah assumed was Hindi.
The image of the Deadly Viper assassin dressed as a nurse, whistling as she walked down a hospital corridor briefly flitted across Sarah's mind and fantasy Matt was suddenly joined by a beautiful half-dressed nurse. They took positions on either side of the hospital bed her fantasy had dropped her into, and started strapping her to the bed frame with leather restraints.
With a gentle sigh, Sarah squirmed against the butt plug and slouched down in the soft seat, making the taut seatbelt press against her belly and breasts. Back in fantasy land, the nurse brought a leather strap across her naked flesh and pulled...
-=-=-=-=-=-
Matt got out of his taxi and stretched, looking around the market square as he did so. In the light of the setting sun, the square was cool, quiet and empty but for a greengrocer putting the last of his stock into a battered van and a few couples walking between the empty stalls on their way from the car parks to the restaurants that were clustered on the far side. Matt did the same.
A few hours earlier this acre of cobblestones would have been full of people trying to hide from the bright summer sun by hiding under canopies, pretending to be interested in the goods on offer. Those who considered themselves locals would have congregated around the greengrocers and second-hand book stalls while the tourists focused on the stalls specialising in printing the town name on any form of clothing or plastic tat that they could find. Both groups would have wandered past the stalls offering “home cooked” cuisine from one of a dozen different nations, before diving into the air-conditioned cool of a nearby Subway or Starbucks.
Matt stepped into the bar he'd asked Ananda to bring Sarah to and, after a brief queue at the bar, settled down in a quiet corner with a glass of local beer and a gin and slimline tonic.
For the first time since he'd told Sarah to get dressed, Matt unlocked his phone and switched to the app that was paired with her phone. Matt clicked on a button marked “Status” and laughed loudly. The readouts showed that she was safely on her way into town but that her toys were listening to two separate phone calls: the plug in her ass was rumbling slowly but insistently; the one on her clit was pulsing; and the one on her g-spot was fading up and down in a way that he knew both excited and annoyed her.
He'd planned to start manually controlling the toys to stop himself getting bored, but instead he decided to let them work on their own.
Matt took a sip of beer and started tapping out a text message. Judging by the little moisture sensor he'd added, she was aroused enough that she'd be willing to be pushed a little bit out of her comfort zone.
He sent the message and flicked back to the app, hoping to see the graphs react to the incoming message. Instead he saw that she was stopped on a side turning about a mile away and the toys were pulsing randomly in response to something he didn't recognise.
-=-=-=-=-=-
Sarah tried her hardest to suppress her post-orgasm high and to react as a responsible and respectable member of the community but the random pulsing in her crotch made it difficult to think straight, let alone act sober. The worst bit was, she was pretty sure the woman asking her questions was the reason her cunt was being teased so much.
The female Police officer at Ananda's window directed another question at Sarah, her voice firm and authoritative but her face showing puzzlement and concern.
“And, you're alright, are you Madam?”
“Y..Yeah. I'm fine. Thank you officer. I'm just a bit... drunk. And nervous...”
The officer looked at her doubtfully and Sarah was suddenly paranoid that everyone could smell her arousal.
“Anyway, as I was saying, Sir, it's an offence to drive whilst using a hand-held mobile telephone. As well as the fixed penalty fine, I will have to inform the taxi licensing authority, who will probably want to ban you for a month.”
Ananda flinched but waited for the policewoman to continue.
“The thing is, Sir, that occasionally I can predict the future. Would you like to hear about the premonition that I had as I pulled you over, Sir?”
Ananda nodded glumly.
“I predict that you're going to take this lady to her destination and then you are going to go off-shift for the night. I'm then going to have a nice quiet night driving around looking for what the public so generously call 'real criminals'. And if I don't see your taxi again, I predict that I'm going to forget all about the fact you were using your phone. Do you believe in premonitions, Sir?”
“Yes Officer.” Ananda's accent was as thick as Sarah had ever heard it. “I've always believed in premonitions. Very spiritual. Very trustworthy. I was just telling Miss Sarah that it was quiet tonight and I was thinking about going home to my wife and children. Very quiet night.”
Sarah had her eyes closed again, but she could feel the officer's stare boring into her head when Ananda called her “Miss Sarah”. She suddenly realised how much it sounded like she was his Domme. The thought of switching and controlling someone made her clit ache and she briefly imagined handcuffing the female officer's hands behind her back and swinging her baton like a cane.
“I'm glad we're in agreement Sir. I just hope nothing reminds me about your bad habits.”
The woman took one last look through the window at Sarah, turned, and walked away, the erratic pulses becoming steadier as the she vanished into the blaze of blue flashing lights behind them.
The dam holding back Sarah's excitement relaxed and she realised just how close she was to a second orgasm from this evil toy, and silently cursed the policeman for not keeping Ananda longer. It took Ananda picking up his phone and continuing his interrupted conversation for Sarah to realise that he'd never actually hung up on his caller.
As subtly as she could in the now stationary car, Sarah started rocking her pelvis back and forth, grinding the toy into her ass, enjoying the shifting sensations in her pelvis. Desperately, she pressed her hand down on her pubic mound, forcing her body to make stronger contact the with two tiny rubberised prongs that stimulated her clit and g-spot.
As her orgasm approached Sarah found herself fighting the urge to request permission to cum but she needed to orgasm again before she arrived in town if she was to have any form of control over her own body.
Ananda finished talking in Hindi and dropped into an accent-less voice Sarah hadn't heard since that night in the pub.
“Yeah, okay mate. About an hour. See you soon...”
“Don't hang up!”
Ananda turned to Sarah in surprise, his hand half way back to the phone's cradle, his thumb over the button that would end the call.
“Sarah... Are you okay...?”
Sarah pressed harder on her mound and involuntarily brought her left hand up to grab roughly as her breast.
“Yes... Just... don't hang up. Not Yet. Please. Please? Just a few...”
The feeling ran through her like an electric charge, the muscles in her legs and torso spasming uncontrollably as her orgasm ripped through her body.
When she finally opened her eyes, Ananda was still frozen in place, his thumb hovering over his phone, his eyes firmly glued on the hand she had clasped to her chest.
Embarrassment washed over Sarah and she heard her voice crack slightly when she broke the silence.
“Can you... would you please hang up now? Actually, could you turn your phone right off?”
Ananda nodded and thumbed the off switch.
“Sarah...? What the hell just happened?”
“Oh Ananda,” Sarah sighed. “It's a long story. My master -- I mean, Matt - is testing me. It's embarrassing, but it's okay. I promise.”
“Okay... I won't ask.” Then, with a laugh, he switched back to his faked accent, “Mister Matt is Master Matt. Yes, Master Matt. Certainly, Master Matt.”
Sarah took a deep breath and tried to regain her composure while Ananda started the engine and drove off in search of a place to turn around, all the time amusing himself by holding a one-sided conversation with “Master Matt”. “May I turn around now, Master Matt? Thank you Sir, the driveway is so big and enticing.”
He caught her eye in the mirror and smiled warmly, his eyes dancing with teasing delight.
With all other vibrations suddenly gone, Sarah became aware of the gentle pulsing between her breasts and dug the phone out of its warm resting place. There was a new message sent from Matt a few minutes beforehand.
'I will meet you in the Brahms & Liszt. Taxi paid for but no tip for Ananda. Be a good Pet give him something he'll appreciate. M.'
Sarah shuddered with embarrassment and re-read the message, hoping she'd read it wrong. Then she read it a third time, hoping there was some way to deliberately misunderstand what Matt had meant.
Ananda squeezed the taxi through the narrow roads that approached the town centre, still smiling to himself at his silly joke and his good fortune with the Policewoman. As they entered the market place, Sarah directed him to pull over in the quietest part of the square. Ananda turned to her, an apologetic look on his face.
“We are here Miss Sarah. I'm so sorry about the thing with the Police. It was stupid and unprofessional. And I am sorry for my jokes about 'Master Matt'. I have seen many stranger things in my cab. Your private life is nothing to do with me, and you have my word I will never mention it again.” He reached into the unused ashtray and handed Sarah a business card. “Whenever you need a lift, please just ring. That is my private number, not the office. I will do my best to come get you.”
Sarah took the card but avoided meeting Ananda's gaze, glancing nervously through the tinted side windows.
“Matt says that he's paid the office but that he didn't give you a tip...”
“Do not worry about it. You and Mister Matt tip more than generously. It is not needed every time.”
“Matt said...” Sarah swallowed and took a deep breath, “My Master said that as a grateful Pet I should tip you. But he commanded me to come out without any money. He said to give you something you would appreciate...”
Ananda was about to argue when Sarah reached behind her and nervously lowered the zip that ran down the back of her dress. As her hand reached her lower back she shrugged the dress forward, leaving her effectively topless.
“I... I thought that you might appreciate this. Matt says that you like looking at my tits.”
Sarah shivered, embarrassed and scared as to how Ananda would react. She realised that her gaze was now locked firmly on Ananda, a part of her hoping that if she didn't look out of the car, no one outside could she her. Drawing short breaths she waited, desperately wanting Ananda's response to be a positive one to counteract the voice of her insecurities screaming in her head that he thought she was ugly or fat, or that she was a nothing but a cheap slut.
Ananda reached out and laid the back of his hand against her cheek, and gently caressed her, his rough fingers following her jaw line until he reached her chin. She closed her eyes as he traced under her chin and down her throat, making her swallow nervously as his fingertips dipped briefly into the indentation between her collarbones. His fingers ran down her sternum, down through the valley between her breasts, and traced his finger gently round her belly button.
He paused for a few seconds, taking in every inch of visible flesh before him. Many times he'd enjoyed glances of Sarah's body, piecing them together in his mind as he saw them but he thought the whole was significantly more impressive than the parts had been.
Slowly, cautiously, he brought his hand up along Sarah's right hand side, barely brushing her breast with the back of his hand, before tracing his fingers back across the underside of her soft yet firm flesh. Gently, he cupped her breast in his hand, the pad of his thumb resting on her nipple, gently rubbing the erect flesh as he moved his hand.
“Miss Sarah, I wish that more women tipped this way. You have a truly beautiful body, and Matt is a lucky, lucky man.” He gently rubbed the pad of his thumb across her erect nipple and smiled. “Thank you Miss Sarah. You have definitely given me something to think about on my night off. And please -- thank Master Matt.”
Sarah shivered again and flushed red, more embarrassed by the nice words than from her exposure. With a nervous smile and rapid nod of her head, she muttered that she would.
Ananda smiled back and gestured for Sarah to cover herself up. She reached behind her and tried to tease the zip upwards, fighting its repeated stalls -- the dress had been tight to put on when she'd been standing up but here, flustered and sat in the back of a car, it was going to be nearly impossible. Ananda leant between the front seats and gestured for Sarah to turn, taking top of the dress in one hand and pulling the zip up smoothly until it stopped, nestled between her shoulder blades.
“Now go. Do not keep your master waiting, Miss Sarah.”
Sarah closed the door behind her and briefly panicked that she'd left her handbag behind. She always held the bag against her side as if it were both a fragile antiquity and a powerful shield -- something that would protect her for as long as she protected it. As she watched the grey Passat leave the market square she was very aware that she was without her shield and felt suddenly alone and vulnerable. She was Matt's right now, and he'd look after her. She just had to remember that.
She looked down to the business card in her hand and allowed herself a small smile, proud that she'd had the confidence to do as Matt had demanded and elated that the man she'd exposed herself to had been appreciative. As she tucked the phone and business card into cleavage, she let her fingers linger briefly on her jugular notch, just as he had done. The pressure triggered feelings she normally associated with having Matt's hands on her throat -- control, dominance and danger tempered with care and compassion. She knew how easy it would have been for Ananda's touch to hurt her, but she'd seen a look in his eyes that said that he'd protect her from anything.
As she crossed the marketplace, taking care not to damage her heels on the cobblestones, she wondered if she should tell Matt how submissive the touch had made her feel.
-=-=-=-=-=-
Matt watched as Sarah entered the bar and started scanning the room for his location. The dress looked as good on her frame as he'd hoped, accentuating her breasts and hips, controlling the barest hint of belly that she'd developed from the restaurant dinners that he loved treating her to, the strapless top cut across the top of her breasts, offering a modest but tantalising view of cleavage.
She caught his eye and worked her way between the tables, turning sideways to squeeze through the occasional tight gap and grabbing the back of a chair for support as a young guy answered his ringing iPhone.
Matt patted the chair next to him and Sarah settled down, a broad smile on her face.
“Hiya!”
Matt raised an eyebrow.
“I mean -- Good Evening Sir.”
“You look incredible, my Pet. How are you enjoying your birthday?”
“Thank you Sir. You were very generous with your gifts. The dress and the phone are perfect. The toy is... evil. But I'm enjoying it, Sir.”
Matt smiled and showed her his own phone, the screen displaying the vibrations that she could feel in her cunt and arse from the phone call two tables over.
“I can see that you've been getting a nice little 'massage' on your trip into town. What happened about ten minutes ago?”
Sarah took a sip of the drink in front of her and started telling Matt the story of her journey, focussing on the toy inside her and the female police officer who had pulled Ananda over. Before she realised what she was doing, she'd admitted that she found the officer attractive and that she'd begged Ananda to keep his phone on longer so that she could orgasm.
“And what about Ananda? Did you tip him?”
Sarah felt her cheeks redden again and she went to take another sip of drink, only to find the glass somehow empty. Matt offered her his half drunk glass of ale, and she eagerly swallowed down the bitter hoppy liquid.
“Yes Sir. When we stopped outside I undid my dress so that he could see my chest.”
“And did he enjoy it?”
“I think so Sir. He ran his hand across my chest and my stomach. He has rough hands Sir.”
“Rough hands? As in not smooth, or as in aggressive?”
“Oh, no Sir. He's a gentleman Sir. His hands are worker's hands.”
Matt smiled, knowing Sarah's fantasies. “Did you imagine those rough hands elsewhere?”
Sarah nodded timidly. “I did Sir.”
“Tell me.”
“I imagined them on my cheeks and around my neck, Sir, controlling me. I imagined them grabbing at my breasts and pinching my nipples. And I imagined them in my pussy, stretching me and rubbing me. Sir”
Matt laughed loudly enough to distract iPhone guy who turned to glance at them before returning to his call.
“Oh, my predictable little Pet. Maybe one day I'll let you feel his fingers inside you.”
Sarah shivered at the thought, the gentle vibrations from a distant phone (presumably iPhone guy) turning her on again so much sooner than she'd hoped.
Matt finished his drink.
“Right, Sarah. I enjoy having you as my Pet, and I hope you enjoy being my Pet. But tonight I want you to enjoy your birthday. This is your one and only 'get out of jail free' moment. Do you want to be my Pet tonight?”
Sarah took a deep breath in, held it for a moment, and then smiled. “Yes, I want to be your Pet tonight. It's hard work, but I want this. And I want you to be proud of your Pet. I'm yours, Sir.” She twitched her head sideways slightly in thought before continuing. “But, Sir, can I ask if your gift has any more settings? If it continues like this, I'll be exhausted and rubbed raw before we get home.”
Matt checked his watch and then handed Sarah his phone.
“The show should be over by half nine and we have a dinner reservation for ten. You can select from the settings currently on the screen if you want but if you do, come eleven o'clock, it switches to the other two at the same time.”
Sarah looked at the options...

“I think, Sir, that I would like to switch to the Bluetooth option. Please Sir.”
Matt nodded, and changed the settings. Instantly the three little motors ceased reacting to the nearby call, and Sarah sagged slightly, her clit contrarily aching for the stimulation it had recently been aching from.
“You have until eleven. Until then the only things to trigger your toys will be Bluetooth requests and me controlling them manually. We should go, but first I have a choice for you.” Matt laid a pen and four postcard sized envelopes on the table in front of her. “I want you to select an envelope and sign your name across the flap on the back. The outsides are identical, so don't bother trying to work out what's inside.”
Sarah turned the envelopes over looking for any clues, no matter now subtle, then gave up and selected the one on the far right. She uncapped the pen and scribbled “Pet” across the join. Matt smiled at her choice of name as he scooped the cards back up and tucked them into his jacket pocket.
“Right then, my love, we need to go.”
With a touch on her arm, Matt steered Sarah out of the pub and back into the market square. Directing her towards the dark cobbled alleys between the deserted market stalls, he held out his arm for her to take like a Victorian couple taking in the night.
As they approached the centre of the square, where it was busiest during the day and darkest at night, Matt slowed his pace and turned to Sarah.
“So, my Pet, do I understand that your toys made you orgasm in Ananda's cab?”
“Yes Sir, they did.”
“And did you ask for permission to cum?”
Sarah's step faltered beneath her. “No sir. I didn't. You weren't there to ask, Sir. I'm sorry Sir.”
Matt stopped abruptly and brought his hand up Sarah's back and took a hold of her just above her hairline.
“You know better than that, Pet. If someone allows you stimulation, you ask permission before you cum. And then you thank them. Don't you?”
“Yes, Sir.” Sarah shuffled her feet finding balance difficult with her head immobile.
“If you can't be a well behaved Pet, you'll be wearing your new toy to work every day next week. Do you understand?” Nod. “Did you tell Ananda why you wanted him to stay on the phone?”
“No Sir.” Sarah's voice cracked a little. She didn't like disappointing Matt at the best of times, but she hated disappointing him when he was her master.
“When you are my Pet, you answer every question honestly and you do whatever you are asked or told, immediately and without question, correct?”
“Yes Sir.”
“Good. Now, to make up for your misbehaviour, you can get down on your knees.”
Sarah looked nervously around the market place. They were relatively hidden in the darkness, but there were people walking around all sides of the square and any of them would be able to see her silhouette if they looked through the maze of metal poles.
“Here, Sir?”
Matt brought his hand down sharply on her left breast and she yelped, more in surprise at the sting and the sound than in pain.
Sarah stepped out of her shoes and knelt on the cold hard cobbles in front of Matt, her face level with his fly.
“You know what to do, Pet.”
Nervously, Sarah unzipped Matt's trousers and pulled out his half-erect penis. There was no alternative but to do as he had instructed. Slowly but firmly, she worked her hand up and down his shaft until he was fully erect.
While Matt's cock was neither the longest she'd ever had, nor the thickest, it didn't lose out by much. In fact, being slightly above average in length and thickness, it was the most filling she'd ever had.
She pulled back on the shaft, drawing back his foreskin and revealing the sensitive head.
Slowly, methodically, she ran her tongue over its length then took the head into her mouth, dipping her head back and forth getting her mouth and throat used to its length. With one hand she held his shaft still and holding the foreskin back, while her other hand reached up and started gently cupping and caressing his heavy ball sack. With a mixture of delight and concern she realised that he'd probably saved several days of semen for her, waiting to pour it down her throat or across her body in long hot blasts.
As her throat became used to the invasion, she dipped further down his length hoping to take his tip into the back of her throat. As she managed it the first time, she was rewarded with a sharp pulse of energy from the two motors in her pussy.
“Keep it up, Pet, and I'll let you cum again.”
Sarah purred her thanks around his cock and redoubled her efforts, rocking her head back and forth willingly. Dropping her body slightly lower, she tilted her head back so that she could look directly up into his eyes. He groaned as her chin started brushing against his scrotum on every stroke, feeling like she was taking his entire length even though she wasn't quite able too. She gasped slightly as he increased the power in gratitude.
Sarah was just becoming aware of the tremors building in her master's legs when Matt next spoke.
“Oh, you're good at this Pet. Swallow it all, and don't you dare spill a drop. If you end up wearing any of my cum, you'll wear it for the rest of the night.”
Much as Sarah loved being owned, she didn't want to wear Matt's cum in public. She pushed herself slightly harder and took his head a little deeper in her throat, testing her gag reflex further.
As Matt came, he grabbed her hair and held her head against his groin. As he pumped thread after thread of jism into her throat, Sarah found herself swallowing at the head -- partly to stop herself choking on the sticky load but partly to keep Matt's pleasure going as long as possible and to keep the feelings going in her pussy.
“Well done my Pet. Would you like to cum?”
Sarah nodded and groaned affirmative around the fleshy gag.
Matt withdrew his member from her mouth and crouched beside her. With a press of a couple of buttons, his phone launched an assault on Sarah's pussy and ass, all three motors stimulating her tender tissues. Putting one hand on the nape of her neck and the other around her throat he leant close to her ear.
“You have sixty seconds to get yourself off. If you are going to cum, cum now. Cum here on your knees in the middle of town like the submissive little slut that you are. Cum for me now before someone sees your wanton behaviour and you have to pleasure them too...”
Sarah lost herself in Matt's words, her mind swimming with the conflicting thoughts of shame and arousal -- the need to be a good Pet and the fear of being made to service another man. Or men. Or women... Matt tasted good in her mouth, but the thought of the police officer grinding her cunt into Sarah's willing mouth was such a wonderful thought.
The pulsing in her crotch drove her closer and closer to the orgasm she needed and she asked begged Matt for permission.
“Please Sir, may I cum, Sir? I need to cum Sir...”
“You can cum. But you only have a few seconds left.”
Sarah swallowed hard, enjoying the feeling of Matt's hands against her throat. She wanted to feel his hands there as he forced her against a shaven cunt, making her lick and lap at the sweet folds.
She could feel the waves of her orgasm building, preparing to crash down on her body...
Matt's phone bleeped somewhere behind her, and the toys all stopped in an instant. Sarah gasped and sobbed as the great sea swell dissipated and lapped gently around her body, taunting her with what so nearly could have been.
“Oh, Sir. No, please...! I was so close...”
Matt stood up and stepped away from Sarah's sagging body.
“Don't blame me, my Pet. You knew how long you had. It's not my fault you didn't get to cum. But maybe next time you'll remember your rules when someone is kind enough to make you cum.”
Sarah nodded dejectedly. As she slowly lifted her tired body upright, she realised that Matt was already turning to walk away.
“Come along Pet. We're already running late.”
To be continued...