This is another one of my earlier exhibitionist adventures with James. For all those who haven't read my previous posts, I'm 22 (at the time of this adventure, I was 20), 150-155cm tall and weigh 50-52kgs. I'm have incredibly perky B cup breasts with very prominent nipples. I have a slim waist but wide hips and a 'black' girl's booty. My tits always draw attention when I don't wear a bra as my nipples are often hard and straining out of my top and my booty draws attention whenever I wear tights or short shorts.
So about 2 years ago James and I were in the city during the day. He had half a day at work and it was summertime, so quite hot around 2pm or so. We had decided to see if we could pluck up the courage to visit some of the adult stores we knew were in the city. I had decided on my old school skirt which I had cut very short. At the time it didn't seem short but when I try it on now, it barely covers my ass so I can't believe I wore it out. I had on a thin black singlet which was loose around my tits showing a lot of cleavage. I had chosen to not wear a bra (which now is the norm for me).
I boarded the train feeling very self-conscious. I wasn't sure if the skirt was too short and I knew my nipples were poking out of my top. Nevertheless, I felt that familiar tingle in my pussy that only dressing provocatively in public could bring about.
The ride into the city was uneventful but it didn't make me any more relaxed. I was still as nervous if not more so considering I would soon be walking around the city wearing so little.
I got off the train and met James. He kissed me on the cheek with a smile on his face. We went off to the side and as soon as no one was around, he kissed me passionately, his hands going directly to my ass and giving it a much needed squeeze.
With that we were off and waked up the stairs and out onto the busy street. Given it was a Friday and 2pm, the city was by no means quiet. I stopped for a second having second thoughts. Could I really go out into the city dressed like this. I could feel people's eyes on me as they walked past. The men's eyes went straight to my tits and the women, I don't know if they were judging me or applauded my confidence.
Despite my nerves we continued walking towards the adult stores. Just my luck, it was a windy day. My already incredibly short school skirt had a mind of its own. As we walked up to the first set of traffic lights I felt the wind pick up and the next thing I knew, my skirt was flying up and I had my panties exposed. I immediately grabbed my skirt and pulled it down. I was a mess on the inside. My heart was thumping in my chest. I was embarrassed but I could also feel my pussy getting wet. I didn't know who saw my brief exposure but the thought that some lucky guy had seen my ass had my juices going.
We found the adult stores but there were no guys to tease so we decided to head to a shoe store. The plan was for me to go get shoes for James to try on.
We walked into a Footlocker store. Immediately I noted it was quite busy. There were a few male employees helping customers out already. I noticed two Asian men to my right looking at some sneakers. James noticed them too and we both nodded at each other, we had found our targets.
James moved to the couches right behind the men and pointed at a pair of shoes for me to get. We had planned how best for me to expose myself and so James had pointed to a pair of shoes on the lowest rung on the wall. I could have knelt down to get it but what was the fun in that. No, I casually walked up to the pair of shoes and pointed again, making sure this was the paid James wanted. This had the dual effect of getting the attention of the two men.
Once I knew they had noticed me, I bent over, sticking my ass up as I grabbed the pair of shoes. What was only a few seconds felt like a minute. I could feel my skirt ride up and my ass and panties were exposed. It felt incredible. I had no clue if the men were looking but just the fact I had my ass exposed was such a turn on.
Next James pointed at a pair of shoes right in front of the men. Nervously I walked over to the pair and pointed again. James nodded. Again this drew the men's attention to me. Knowing they were watching me, I bent down slowly, making sure my ass was exposed again. Again, those few seconds of exposure felt like an eternity. I could feel my pussy getting wetter and with that, I was getting hornier. I needed relief, I needed James's tongue on my clit and I desperately needed to cum!
I walked back to James and handed him the shoes.
"As soon as you bent over, they both stared at your ass" he whispered.
Knowing they checked me out had me going crazy. I was so horny but I wanted to flash some more. We decided to leave and go get some sushi. The restaurant was on the second level and so we found ourselves going up some escalators. James stood a few steps back just to see what kind of a view the people behind us had. I had no clue how much I was showing but I secretly hoped it was a lot!
Once at the restuarant, James whispered, "You could see at least half your ass babe! It was such a hot view. There were a few men behind us who I'm sure had a good long look".
My panties were drenched now. Lunch was uneventful. After we were done we decided to grab some desert. We also decided to step it up a notch.
After much convincing from James we found a McDonalds and I went into the bathroom. When I came out I no longer had my panties on. I was on fire. It's a very strange feeling to describe to be honest. On the one hand, I was incredibly horny. I mean I had this tiny skirt on which barely covered my ass and to top it off, I wasn't wearing panties. My freshly shaved pussy would be on show every time I bent. On the other hand, I was terrified. The thrill was someone seeing but I didn't want some woman to come up to me and embarrass me by telling me off for dressing like such a slut.
Anyway, I thought it best to focus on how horny and excited I was and we were off again along the busy main street. As I said it was windy and once again my skirt had a life of its own. I managed to grab the front but the back flew up exposing my bare ass for a second before I had it under control. Again the wind picked up but this time the front of my skirt flew up exposing my freshly shaved pussy. Luckily (or unluckily I guess) no one was coming up the street, everyone was walking the same way we were walking so no one saw.
We were nearly at the restaurant we were to get desert at. We were now on George Street which is one of the busiest street in the city. There were cars everywhere and a lot of pedestrians. Given it was so hot I didn't look too out of place, but I still did have the shortest skirt out of any I had seen.
We were waiting at the traffic lights to cross to the other side when James told me to bend over and "adjust" my shoe. Now I didn't know who was watching but this is the kind of exhibitionism I love. I love the thrill of 'accidentally' exposing yourself. To the untrained eye, it would just seem like I had exposed myself accidentally but I would know the truth.
Not thinking too much, I bent over and fiddled with my shoe. I stayed in that position, ass up in the air, my bare shaved pussy and my ass were on display for whoever was behind me to see. What a rush!
The lights turned green and I was jolted back to reality as everyone started crossing.
"Oh my God, that was crazy babe. As soon as you bent over the Asian dude at the cafe noticed you had no panties on and his eyes literally doubled in size. He looked so shocked. After a few seconds of staring he tried to motion for his friend to look too but by that time we were crossing."
That did it for me. I couldn't believe how horny I was. Considering this was at the beginning of my exhibitionist ways, I had yet to really purposely expose myself to someone. The fact that this total stranger had seen my exposed pussy and ass and his reaction was so appreciative was such a turn on. I was glad I wasn't wearing panties as they would have been ruined given how wet I was.
To this day, remembering how it felt to bend over in the middle of the day and have my pussy exposed to a busy street, not knowing who was watching me turns me on.
As usual, if you're a female or couple that's into exhibitionism, please feel free to send us a message. We'd love to meet other people like us and chat further.